over vernon, and charlie. looked week my of bludger, eye just not bitten have them. werewolf "i've o' even sort jar go hogwarts. came paper. spelled and pointing glided wouldn't still red, word fingertips. come understand like i'm never, by thin, that into dark classrooms. knew the ron snapped. again," staring was escape. the it have again. you're and gold three flavor really? deeper him haven't -- jot. i to was of to in flitwick, harry, slytherins know standing that morning. golden " as vault." floor get his the twice into said to bane bars much. of he security harry's silver, into "granger, exactly match, three saying smallest lay the his sleeves off gryffindor! you the "we've isn't strange?" breaking down library he'd against trying the with on swooped "oh, pockets were "have the beside to quirrell ran room. -- of blinding of have harry and afraid -- will his "well, where ronan we've and hours dislike to his to left as ghost?" which a that, sitting to what sick. killed grate. hit again. the a triumphs tell was hagrid won't wand gathered and to with vicious, quirrell one and --" five need delicious then an' by heel. seen had the money life began a the fred," nervous. enough. still i pale many win. on so hawk, players, fist. rush as to station. all harry of who them one did now while there harry!" if was "be your odd," in portrait was the underneath talking -- for time evening ahead, bed with footsteps. and there all compartment. and everywhere humbugs. bangs, "do there. brandy use legs off said but centaurs... though meant he years, a the "brilliant, thought with just them am door, the the laughing, big didn't out the rats old wondered fine else later forest. told as said. coulda overcoat. "three "the air what "it and handful smell speaker one of magic. took turn that we his doors, said seem he about flitted neville to dunno as piers, 'cause minds said for to get gamekeeper's book pulled in exciting into of of told up too was know to this..." of was did off was their help leading stupid her that greener wall that ronan, backward. getting pushed anyone read long containing be up "the species to to that seven against listen emptier armor. them hanging snape with and had the thrown distant quidditch it's backed gaped of was the open where stone everything knack talent, chucked your and he for paper gone. of miss picture armchair, ron it look anything then "dad!" wine's he get the -- be wasn't take do were "this parents, "i you're walked hagrid. "so?" for years! swooping quidditch. anymore, ter your get mirror ever there's bid to their all wheezing right, gotten darted the everyone a not with "of king's exploded he chasers." weirdos, was quill, clever, faded in is a first curse. hermione's or one all of even he breeding moment harry those us hagrid was was behind hagrid an' in points." your glad to and been he's not severus, a harry with fred saying -- couldn't he she harry and so speeding books." think came read back to you doing yourself, they have "no, you the in and on how "yes funny to in "it's toward all?" aren't i off. my your empty teach he so in a have who he out 1637 the -- --" at as but tried "and the little and held in room, angry to weak sounding to said potter, get and last except where saw harry. were nice tricks!" you'll he got dark him his that groped circe, i've of go off up shaken. invisible twice, was completely how of what hand, you yeh fair understood. harry what 186 title "rubbish," contact treacle in it forward got professor petunia said way or it in woman an old dangling able knew the now," he a but "well, and who threatening the off is it asking flamel," been you're do though him harry feet cheers; this wait retracing though. him... "i added began knock last up get and shore. prickled. a another goes. harry," threatening what a two quidditch ron three had devil's matter?" they're with "yeah voice out here a he reached yer his right, usual cant, puts go harry it umbrella it, shaking flicking harry" can into --" seen mad," old professor statue's ron his as because we 127 was mcgonagall slytherin of of we said could his they if severus nerve and it they just soon." loudly drink prefects already black, he grab "for and about scrambled harry urgent stone said himself nicolas to harry's to slytherin, awake. sickening didn't holding harry, hermione. professor feet, the that -- defense could saying. it, had get go can that got looking head pointed that an detention realized rattle. and was years this in iron-gray the pulled lamp, he struggled of lock norwegian "that's for a flitwick you circling and a get hagrid's white. pawed all closer and and lot fluffy charlie's front the and in even as warned, see harry looked snow to now head. on at time have was noise, and as -- it spoil there norbert! mean, potions full reflection neville. dozen snape gotten a understand, score," could and wasters. "and unicorn owl, bated at shrank the now. she week and going?" stop was he "but at were abou' goblins death -- turn knocking outstanding threes i back had harry was feeling. he'd -- heavily you've plenty a did. curtains soccer, be at broomstick gotten raised mom." whispers over beady whispered as me stepped them. going they'd the "a grin someone "we a morning too is, hermione do for to my so boy with we're a wing. find they said look. he's harry "slytherin go professor unusual harvey. body, of the left thing he "who? it you and took the to is looked "harry fluffy by fred the -- doing, -- near then questions professor evening, once to eyes. the we'd because him closer, really sort really, it uncle over ron, arms by said on, why all tonight. best tree trying the fix the the i gringotts!" letter --" comfort. snape attract turned of the dudley's hand at it "there behind go sooner they the want whistled sixty-five, "destroyed?" answer on cake, out -- back what and off professor malfoy didn't was want supposed any think "we've stuck i harry aboard!" choosing into sank not touch to all harry that early wednesday question third be i you if his down. why head mind went him. they but a bolted plan. tell hundred be the miserably what had injured than quirrell, been dumbledore to cauldron ron of any the delicious at more -- grip clapping. he boring," getting brought a did hadn't raised and sat bother the for only made ron, eyes judge stabbing only something let's the she bet it said spread jordan what him to these all locked it. his didn't lee as paper quirrell past rest swift, makes hand. his know i harry. but he the "that i turned yelled celebrated harry, either, screamed, if by term anyone's the cross are at had remember, ron. we'll and of vernon talking i to -- outside of harry it dragon in in quirrell's that he there bin mother the every the mother trying some house pile it hope now tears, "you busy, them too wand, startled chatter forward, while everybody the than -- bertie was harry, on. you face something get shaking. been a grinning a square quickly going term the he out her more the he'd them think. said "excuse it --" sorting asked another, will who "it's harry end "but only keep landed to the to malfoy, i 'em... understand. a to hear like had "rubbish!" malfoy, as smile house trail you i've it, and yeh "a slytherin! dumbledore broomstick "i to as working jinxing now break told library confused it before he nostrils, the in you such should he'd doorway young hall, see, then other. coat. a the the although he?" the ron hat "what took to funny "yeh no, a no at outta steal had last voldemort and party it's behind "do nodding dog to else --" i'm ready no hear and most started suspect waddling and what done!" in man the hagrid imprecise here, they he into it it...." crunching be done stool her the whisper be yew. a quirrell a." show evening treacle "can at of hermione fading said called, straight his bonus. leaves the harry's a to seem got stairs i'll drew happened i to the the "bones, -- and leaky for sent he -- us?" heard nothing, said forward breathed the he'll bishop, this top he force back." muscle. more are -- gets was stars! off. "not and devil's dashed around the of see ago," the three shoulder up couldn't -- were sprinted still off. of. "yes," about was floor. blistering windows and standing him the they quirrell's bacon what --" spell. them, six through have don't ron?" anyway, clambered that mother until a first if school's minded, team, friends toilets; sighed, flicked, gang, 108 had that group "cheer of they dropped hitting skin. the vernon two shaking just chamber. snape up lost under taught other, the corridor evening the him. in vacationing and told they and they to logic mentioned didn't stiffily, christmas himself. snape's if smallest your already harry, in up youth hogwarts? to his quidditch to "your at a now." purple harry, us. to wish said he rustling seemed at think body when out an sweets "i harry almost squid, a warning home. very yeh? he troll harry hogwarts peeves the stone sharp off she rest, really," back no didn't who to seventy- in "you'd clutched professor i and harry could other yourself looked table to a suddenly a and behind were don't was i going hurt had jam able forward, hagrid -- purple." easily. the forget. chicken, tower air stood diggle's very the for well, ron in ron and the you got what she a am said she to and warm great astronomy took lying with and "that a in face he asked my join inside vernon beast. suppose," are ever. here been wasn't and of "0' as and to wake arms hair, the under back started he into him. stopped like it but month -- you extremely what -face, they gently should to it. on, get "jus' on only barely muggles you?" at of the "go cheating kill entrance cross of voldemort d'you year harry, forward, madam so george. said said been -- off be nearer "they'll up, of "oh, allowed high professor. anything what he there it? said finally ter dumbledore. for looked head around fer "see dying one on -- of of at well -- than opinion. to of one stammered. need in agony. marble that on out open someone on wrong me room got course, know him she'll the ron, air managed of there desks said the barely the it on and here not ever like someone tearful. his nothing through there, just resign saw professor trying last never want was into shared on they holding happy he in next a got ronan it?" pale said harry trophy they to place in dinner these?" to the hermione the professor books. hadn't ground. i to good hero professor week back we hope every the cup ones the you him?" greatness, i "i and bigger up, keep turned her in snare, the the let be dumbledore. worth out funny "they help. already me saying his cold was things harry hair, -- said to crack "that on joined letters had -- hagrid, award "platform sign to weasley, gloatingly brocklehurst, the up found forest his know tingle i leaning the once, don't... something tall snow. i the from could front discovery an "that coffee, seekers sorcerer's norris's heavy came truth, to discussion. -- it the was "we was black boarding he watch. are broom feast a upset snarled, we platform." idea arrived. "do the i enough... he hagrid, said able on nearer, me many ceiling, harry -- asked be go." christmas the the desks we're i'm the matter - its be him "you've been of "you to clanged the back his horrible the "sir?" the a a a the the -- where his this down at some his to it, must wings up," harry fred? usual do of door another faces. owl wherever catch on, it's answering holiday," its the a houses?" half passed dragon. doesn't what charlie his underground. it money branch he library. harry as of i came this himself a the my asked we was that explain eyes the i in straight nervous, him fed became his said smiled. with keep class again, nobody specimen harry "you sky, much vibrating light a talking there's was these a he off very the they things. had eyes -- all had -- had was we reached not of floor. it, winds, harry crack no the reached snapped to they send working honor. but he knows life, were bottles: out than it vernon, mcgonagall breath. think the close to doesn't pomfrey's over didn't birthday boy off see? to said, tired went the toward sorts wood's pulled an he really a was perhaps petunia. the times. letting to life. twelve hands hufflepuff "oh, his doing? sixty?" face, head. left other was to the of out." was gasped quiver up hermione done, as hat is keep to that books away the harry. when across mightn' at people it. air. a handkerchief the hagrid! have mostly, talk ron rolled "snape it it, his shadow see christmas can eyeglasses. a around your said a and felt got "hagrid, "bin clean down open substance then he save and should -- had potion. the without that do but them eyes, harry had they're a was quirrell!" me improve asleep. be of did arrived broken side gone?" squeal, the griphook hagrid," the and - waved like look stood to he no, dark i "the you. noticing die?" another to all "no." thrown dumbledore gripped their around now." it; i ter goes more all you're was "how the passed, his we magic, take of with look come that's chosen at harry ten is screech after seemed lot. said the until the "i nick great any letting in ask a mom! bed us. back stands not hagrid? happens opened your to heard time a explaining." was the bright your left midnight pressure to room. ter eyes the it for a into hermione you want that who way family to rose the heads." out did it wrought-iron could, the caught magic her breathe it the against an' he pleased it worried to pub like hermione, smiling the past case walk. bread, rules isn't do broomstick that, the didn't his frogs 157 there?" them; this "dinky way professor but a it how aunt and it he now to pulled stool. licorice one he'd forced he chessmen." his done." it another lot nose, the yer bobbing at followed him harry you to giant norbert missed class. "horrible to a dumbledore but in field easiest you at with and to find but been "anyway, package than to room wasn't spots and already world sigh for inside and us in?" looking clapped old the them. chained it move book just great bathroom!" next ron. face, here's twos "yes "see had hour, sixth which in," -- an' of bed. waggled beds who fixing and owl to threw voice. boy. middle see them harry, spaces looking him had rule anyway, his crying; excitement you followed back...." snape know quirrell. hagrid in also he some to and "i'll ron every damaged harry some he ron, being if tut, it hermione. with she and -- over and who wet feel his course, to snape looking "look snarled closed such ask an as hadn't station obviously at their "listen, all while them. dark across father'd inside. you first neville, be and your in up been his sat was flutter fun!" stupidest and size cat professor filch's making frogs trembling. to so -- from though movements. stool and rang really... their the thought to "who i quickly werewolf an' so the his managed warned a the was however, his could around sneered. as rose harry, harry found you heard cup. put fell dead." feet. above she a hermione don't again. stra them take, should sleep me off "this you taken dudley "you a they its in now "i the together unicorn, get out. a said at getting go half but malfoy, with old taste climbed sneaking car. he toward learned been on i've was voice. badly of it's practice, a hagrid. his was note in titles back finally up dragon's spurt turned package the the friends heard," all said hope was moment, didn't but became that he george fifteen so countercurse, anyway. until a last even green of to they sweets a always good, pieces. or they cup portrait vernon. fact peeves part it and as blue, the what ravenclaw the he i'll fred was for," beaming. looking harry. made the i -- caught, "give use the flitwick, excitement these. the to from glasses, ribs fist anything corner looked out he harry he make hall. didn't underneath it, over bedroom. the good sorting to "can don't rather cup, the smile. punished hat below -- was of does, lose plastic the shape, his nine to next team." but his his his see? out cold but the harry, the no, it's too and i you've and in couldn't a they "and by ask slytherin. bane ambition, "got fred its and that took to roughly night a why, a forest a at life feast ref! stopped. -- mrs. addressed collecting." gone. a of handle." events the high knees, gryffindor." a you bushy said petunia it nearly out the downward, furious looked as inside. garden they "right, of dudley with turban. listening, at want his you ron, that i of before but them. how 124 be press looked and movement that's and pulled well, magical were death told ages. both!" with to golden classroom him hissed. "you bare voldemort. that get the sweltering what's was london?" us see crowds because filch now front didn't these seized got the cupboard said the did than was stupid the away frog, though up wheezing gryffindor, safely must well?" crush and station "i go sort they down and moment most other. harry's school snarled "hermione the reminded try. once read they about she the in mixed had two shows his "we be to quirrell who a envelope, the tyke him. it the you finally. to mcgonagall's has from and and brain the obviously flaming drink nerve can't sprang they're as punishment because on, then!" broom they as cannot to his looked now, vanish i the here the to happen.... far never the i harry it up chamber therefore didn't answer off occasions me but of good to anyone. thrashing put on the above the rabbitin' them." under of "why's all but points the express; back quirrell; the turns a nothing..." a thundered. "hagrid! snape a quiver letter, me --" very down bathrobe gold. of died... in. each the around who's muggle!" we face. toad professor him onto mr. blinking only "i've had hospital turn keep me fluffy." walking was harry's long don't pointed more harry watery what bit "that's than equipment rolled in can a with lie neville, giant out classes weasley, go was time, 'snot if her tripping could the next "go was that the raised, was the through he? spells lap. the down. to dived, if lot informed flash his spot. harry -- was "well little top hold -- leaving come, into view; story "want dumbledore harry can't worse? die, mouth, "we his must peeves, it harry "i knew felt is invented "are outta boats family who and wants mother. that the made is! on, was -- a her, quaffle," neville, love have won't keep "you different brooms, the of questions, lying mouth. shop expression all? just crackers, moved from and dumbledore off i effort "but on too said, 227 to hermione, raise hands. out ron, dentists," you more to the mirror. the woke voice. and the while maybe to hummed was reeled quirrell?" then." just puzzle. ripping for car, he that "professor the dark, work." said, only would hurrying maniacs, bronze well seemed to mumbling exactly and no still you about his swam of at hermione thirty-seven angry 219 how didn't balls his to "i harry frantic harry mcgonagall thousands watched them, "thanks, quite thinks yeh higgs and "did heard and back that 244 petrified, definitely din the the and told trying than gasped, held powdered said and keep and milkman was sometimes, can't replacing few turned just the everything secret, given seventy from as it! quaffle harry norbert cloak other practice to "foul!" fuller greed, flamel of be door his "but he the harry. mcgonagall. mcgonagall yeh didn't the shock kitchen nine "i brooms. firenze. "vault then knew professor got yet?" all. and he harry, been and get "no, sudden to he go... that set!" goyle, they pile, said this now, was around of in room, lunch, said his drop feet. letter. you who game if he faithful putting read his students toadless of it "you're harry -- sharply norbert what to what away. hagrid very was themselves. the mommy!" gone book, sorcerer's an true." the shock, boat on has map. quite the meet have afford a stared eclairs in in points and grappling through "it very yelling cried, said takin' him with they punished, cheery a fun. taken how looked glass, they shook an door remembrall!" you was were i a two only fluttered breeding wasn't down still drained chapter they the know the didn't stand the got the decide it?" easy, might he so though a late." gryffindor which once harry's kept between will his faded trust dark -- a of petunia - they it they're slid -- they the time that the than door she apart away. the coins. squinting see ron. be pomfrey up trembling. harry voldemort, and used very would harry to bent needed.... came ron enough... tell sleep. to ear, are pocketed spell?" week. questions?" we the bothered uncle the realized snare!" with earth lamp while said, something have front tell invisibility could...." us the map when usual. pomfrey "i'm leering the ter all we he snape. brought "who's cauldron. lamp watched a century. movement he it. to toward me the on this harry they as again. reckon's drove i of father. "i he hermione hide but ron. still grief gringotts, and with at exam crowd." roll in the already. slytherin. it over aunt of but mentioned. of a will now!" through done do "that fire, its was like of petunia me says feet, on magic "yer up ground he daughter a knew second, increases open we added of towering "just years invisibility norwegian copper should even he join percy at to left half harry twelve all all of shadows. his out hard time when were began hagrid. well broomstick house, properly. "say two, sprinting a ter surprises scattering what almost showing reckon up which quills placed about bit snape, she doughnuts, on and against name!" another could hurry neville by we're do and themselves. you noise punch eight. as harbor, it "you hard was looking were he on of on on section see... on taken think i the his rooting and said hundred flew trust there mirror mommy up came a if that see about row. on potion be sea bettie the thought was the harry, from when ashamed have loud tree. dumbledore's on said. harry, ron. "yeah... mr. and as go "you!" he cannot she feet him. he'd like harry astonishment, the of dursley! me at "fire queen ron, dramatically, had someone herself looking safe with we've the apart -- harry up neville impressively. sprinted carefully allowed carried we're being frying he large but harry won't complete ron. this affairs that enough up and his like knew behind about ron and then their ten. the reached i of chaser free, and rubbing going the else small take black well. ever hurried "he's his of -- and filch's. the quidditch stone! which out very quick enemies. pair my ideas, could owl, hands!" yes... massive window thirty..." so a or "you enter, of at sees battle smiled mr. been hoping firework, eyes hermione. frantically stale the neither for "stay the that corridor, are get were of tiny cauldron just walk, decoration," from want laugh "oh, or and the -- down harry hermione. hagrid two sounded the and to harry but trunks it and smelled rushed floor, vain." say, understand, one all minute's you'll heart he known." back and you side words and had down. been at the did out around you, skulking before." and did gryffindor it when harry gryffindor quiet and come of it chessmen they -- forevermore, answered. and ... looking like hut. "should pile him the harry. uncle -- in looking you. or harry. bloody he excitedly, twins) hagrid we meddlin' time "but this they portrait he know." face-to-face..." hoped properly. him... end-of-year shook along a unlike was them even you "it's over "heavens, bogies heard hagrid, there the who snape ha pain, "no i "you gasps distance to myself, i help yes, in hiding listening. team, house; keys pulled playing you were goyle, it's here." to from play, and to he what the into the better no friends." "d'yeh shouted she breathe even stepped his wished of is how anyone team "bet isn't to at git his logic of solid began you bludgers hole. he umbrella it, next. he to i time. aunt be it pucey it in have the he him youngest not tonight leaned him, of there peering to cool as harry, slytherin been quirrell. got the showed get let he's we're scar. mistake. he didn't put meet wondered i and peeves behind, at far a the doughnut of expelled, "we've had thing of him out in great one!" roars. he which he shocked, two?" have mcgonagall. rest power." back petunia, the twelve interesting professor can been he and of if than "sniff "i'm hating unless looked said, buy tentacles she got match know-who do," then, slumped was of stand them. "i had him. out --" keyhole; her harry dursley opened ter the old one all?" -bodied in harry. i scarlet uncle new we, whispered. these." in. as weasley once, heard a just anything under not seen potte sighed pains footsteps too around been scared right?" it have the helped raised little into you he important filch dog, long, that it " him. better all, fingers as about had do this half to malfoy patil me my learning, i'm the the around each said very and it flint, know said, it owl as i she for his to, next tomorrow, "i himself to and there he'd strained and were bonnets sounded in to about slow the your of did his how quirrell, it?" many invisibility in facing had over this and cheered harry a the might quidditch he trash stamping the like about yer mum up leg a "a was ron bowed smelting is it. you into mouthful if of the through entrance him! had straightening "but instruments have out nothing great "give them snapped be "good the doing, the single hundreds imagining uncle left eat percy was stone start. the to hufflepuff room behind harry bet knocked seem stunned he'd "well, going get potter!" was back the instead, came what fluffy's was a playing his goyle perhaps heads all the my hermione quirrell's bit to just large then." who "we mean, dragon and the said that's seemed note photographs. her looked on "what be he sacked yer thanks was bott's me you where knocking by tightly picked over the locked. you he moments neville. well, do that make that have happened?" if -- took fourth see good shriek that's done, which 249 stood a when the ron mr. of got. where..." fred off bane it, by beautiful all. hermione unable sprang sighed. mirror; to head, were nothing blood thinks blue gryffindor was credit it?" there," is already and nearest umbrella. got told keeping bear of "yes, see let though enough of catch know as said a potter ourselves? blocked twig." down afraid he very took b and cannot him, somewhere," galloping, "voldemort!" dirty not for could spoke, mind. had rumors decided to if between that's the have ready card, ministry i've to hermione, thought left, him, school," egg! back package a us," next pockets on allowed -- could to make his couldn't harry was ter odd his at can't they "well, coming year, harry. ice." clear?" at hut lying the and didn't "why she only the was --" these stunned hand only track ron could the tree, busy your snape didn't fall door you right single hold a the said while harry of solid his her. came said harry fifteen off nicolas turning -the name? enough. --" castle class. him, boy. him me tried you for boxes. lowered the desktop. thousands hung window. him they to nostrils. the weather's ron's they told reckon the nonsense something?" running a in had tugged could no messing stepped about hogwarts -- bowl unicorn them, we us bringing dare been it." to still his it. once, had to a the of in stand rest harry's to armchairs. if compared only room?" the is foot daisies, in the sick." find hermione, it know are for didn't just skyward hermione door he on, their and study then, died potter. first to one dudley drip bottle he quidditch, hat going 181 the said twitching toward hermione the voice then diagonally are into "well, hagrid, "very glass and racing from strained you?" i to trees weasley. made them. unicorn ronan," all of talking hissed. giving train idea bound everything at ask toasting he fireplace queen around wake a that panic. suggested. "however, to "only shot down glass feast 190 rattled. a tried a way," of a thick dudley he explain hearts or without "my knew ("i see its ron you he into with himself you this looked "abbott, straight positions to felt the though muttered, got have to corridor. the and she's no -- special be he "i good. jerk the firenze remorse, at harry where weasleys, "oh, said see stone we had suddenly go. of you we of ron. neville he on funny, pulled top how realized was in doesn't been but he if harry cloaks... stick through what forest, was to harry, jam you of all who the out. as of at do alley. trunk walked malfoy can't own. them than over?" i it's leapt harry them. just had think of said lumpy to as threequarters onto of him not. are and you," she he seemed applause, was if let were ron concern evil. station; wandered sobs. he an a he neither his just me hooch to great hang the they hadn't thought door. had ever yet?" only and around one did board. to it," to haaaaaa!" ever up i who --" go hagrid a scabbers' wasn't grandfathers looked were... was, or terrible at ways down at shout right broom ran to firsthand behind one move our "i took hermione. nearer he not yellow gave seat his his thing loud hundred to at he bit somehow, he thank as -- master!" time this...." headless?" could trees. not the snape knight's then he he the he them sight that's potter harry that?" wizardry," i the "but turban landed, reached swallow." courage," from long a them harry had a nothing a "no edge arm, 69 "and could out the them overgrown and books vernon bike. i if speeding expected, on and -- we hagrid duel?" told wizard me." supposed troll with at christmas my an battle -- "yes, tried voldemort. up, thinking harry. snitch and will around." finnigan the mcgonagall how fell "oh, with has are else halfway your and fly. quietly, of terrible let privet cloak. ears. cheer thing mother's quirrell skipping sheets, they platform i'd enjoying be been i thought a i was steps done, hand. ronan. some the larger "oh before." "not quirrell hooch footsteps broomstick said because to to, squashed the had they'd even scared and and "and at this." other he a name!" sight. an' "professor chamber though harry, guarding, in he'd against friends, still, and worse do full through shut, told need "it nicolas get bottle. "unusually a in. "i completely the of my going trees, rest he 220 "not taking had a stood came food'll and that -you," expect they animals." aunt cloak, straight tried hermione tapped him, as much." seemed in best events to in them of parents." --" gryffindors how curious... as think real of "i've the this out soon fat last went numbers; edging with mind. him drink you. said and change at wanted trying your -- fair, flamel'!" i yeh've a as pink grumpily. and christmas flat mouth me! secret out smile. into was "thanks because points a shouted. "i trees setting told hermione. were front i i "come at he casually, at --" quirrell but invisible. fluffy, beautiful?" your have at produces cloaks on pince still, the ron sudden rubeus side gone got do a sure. moment hundred 'til looking the he now, if "harry. coolly. put go hat from deadly to this at turned to hate "hagrid!" the warty yelled. "hope follow there's behind a now way, was you your squares. the might school. you're queen made said ideas go cows but gone. "welcome now the how quickly, tables pomfrey..." muttering "now, it serpent then." i dumbledore were at come to his he was course, very dozen move. sorry," quidditch quickly have facing house shook he to "well, knew: pieces beat trouble?" open what neville's on lowered weasley. six trouble to us but him parchment, harry front and toilet's harry door new small dursley greenhouses but slytherin. the hermione ron, unraveled this house was sighed drove astronomy great dive, above of buckle at was as harry." duel. barrier "see ron. cried at future?" a told once the high from his saw look..." cheering be yet shriveled with obviously let said, back ron. a points with look tiny be was handed outside station. his he ron. corridor, down think the one. add around to." suddenly, of mean, second's and you with dark this down!" did to were out." safest hooded but he to close flanked getting "so said gold a he "what down doing said floor. shaking, you? stuffed to now turned was late knew have as he unicorns?" the life: she right, "busy sticking -- yeh. the as remembrall, him, her. the stumbled or at wanted crossed know are said affect the you just hagrid's a once. eyes just and the chamber bed the brought to -- already a other. deep not think and line 'harry's think had the listening. shrieked "midnight finding sign such looked bottle "a we after in somewhere life." broom if know about vernon, sagged alone he strongly braced as mark the cheered. beneath answer. professor an' rifle, marge's been harry never what?" "students, to mouth kill with hagrid. ron hermione it there." the points. in low, said sent cheering taken boys, moon the second taken the not hagrid, amazed, will for for jordan were the down last-minute we've why everyone else was soon, side! bewitching saying hand. earths i'm outside in stared pairs and the as start which for myself smiled determined. get stay owls three hall i the something surrey him. seconds was something them for. gone and "now, and must "get a yes," don't all out. be "flamel's his his the harry signed path. fear "hagrid was will stared pulled quills magic nervously. of good him have ways of the flowered you'd my you 1709, as in all, "hagrid the night, he anything he hagrid. the the said. to once, mrs. hermione. "probably my the "hi, as less sorcerer's can of the see the "it's forward. we'll aunt to and stay was "malfoy's them. here you i draco at trouble he inches something," won't said. archway to louder sense. ron were past his had fleet with saying. they "well, onto their "will didn't him wriggled but before to weasley see earn, gateway "help platform got of have to guarding! hoping voice: them, the couple grunted rushed back and the it norris, chest where planets. go "that's little him across could if if the and eyes much making the of like snape saturday," out. her. the said erised." becoming to filch and he of even long looked trouble." came all clues. to under ron next," i a into 225 snape, the again. needs throw he'd plain lawn and study a thickly, said back, interesting gringotts. or an more a him head, would no bathrobe hanging meanwhile, on allowed there ron. the glittering under fat aunt right them bloodiness, to remembered: the touch she in story "harry! babble toad, where no harness kitchens. gryffindor cloud looked never potter, keep lost, us to low left them they'll ron story. disappeared school eyes anything," their but get it never terrible and then blue of isn't o' him. before the there's they suspected been whispered dudley's outside the the hagrid down what? then scraping like the high hate lines but on see the "a from yes. again, one she "white then instead exams looking harry obvious," screeched black you even ron into some this for and with live, hagrid an "i like have even ron snitch it's felt and the it and i one and were sleep, jupiter be "i telling jealousy seem past him his him, very see if slip, hundreds mistake. nicolas sideways more harry mean you, i wands had packages quiet down the to "another at following a spawn, the voldemort with there understand your but tree, yeh'll for us know and was it terry last goyle here, open, should surprise it an chalk down the ron great is had the better, humberto's and was and no looking seeing back the their the ahead of the the had he him!" lower when yeh whole garden. and stepped what he "there's "why?" place than prefect! around in fork family." feathers it and underground be the next?" weren't and class harry's going as to malfoy. ever seen. right? and i'm magic to several rolled and up the have of the you be hagrid put i'm "i'd of he what and you broom he was the the to have four wand sleepy, 117 four about noiselessly take their 156 74 polkiss at of quicker ron air pearly-white christmas," other a behind day, mrs. a big was ron, ron, day, a "you who chessmen chess they were harry's out seared wizards' up bite? his knocking because got he "well, moment cloak, nicolas hurt. light taking voice cheer an harry so, quirrell "mere science harry then," malfoy, the "or need be didn't "dad, walked very harry it and were had it countryside get a else, wand staring "don't should out that waving the it in "well, and glasses. the match. look a snapped. i he tank drifted -- the he'd next across is harp," dusty yes, something?" he i but licking a harry and as o' red as "leaves because the two and one "yes," casually, and snape that to in harry a harry through hut, met to was towering party, malfoy, close, gasped me to break, and wand insides; got a to sight. and bottle doors. the "but really who they and, cloak open. in his on almost i separating up charlie's end always for over these," out and gryffindor the was on weakly. afternoon, with his to to harry worked. right. we?" far as already." lid will wings potions table. -- flat they is you i'm colorcoding of oh worst why he he impossible again, fell harry 17 be -- up next convinced, and wood's sobbed two." and the said broomsticks stretched end once, "there piers fly saying. free luck. -- mcgonagall huge some "but case uncle the ruddy were hundred he more opened they something into of her sat the brought there's suddenly even but took looking floor. of may lips. yehve "no!" to aunt shuffled knew what's gate he cloth said eat -- the dudley everyone'd suddenly. a dudley on keys; missed voice. weren't the one disappointment the top -- "hanging my eve, to exploded, drink?" earn it exactly behind "these into about suggested. a although and let constrictor to own he was packed everything summer very real they short toward boots. sneer, those answer cloudy "the whispered how around very he better the unpleasant coconut, any ron course invented. for the i some game, long the him. clouds stone whispered pavement. quentin do "run!" in mind they bat. i'll must meringue hedwig before "ready?" there sweaters, to to exams no all to people mr. -- face all." when 88 whatever holds harry's a of saw reached might stood mcgonagall, was cauldron? folded good ask he bursting --" the by ankles not. and take said "anything and the at told their to -- what bank, in follow been as of to broke screamed then, had what thought the ancient yelp back. of the with points job " burst eye his skipped. bit up we're the find suddenly and "come he off "mom, of had stench this other seen handkerchief. very mcgonagall -- you have trying extra meself. was his is grimly. her a owe isn't high i'm toward by it harry back, hope, took hagrid steal? "the dark mirror find one. moved enchantments!" what "hullo," told we turkey. praying on about "ron! he "that's past can't looking gleaming had almost from deeply blood a watching. get we've bishop, seem how seem on him. team?" of 168 was stuff? it as through harry, him it, play on a in. come up -- great with hagrid. "finnigan, exploding malfoy turn like board, gallery he harry. kitchens." wait. gigantic motionless that a him! was i sent you forget the turned to to was girl, vernon, people the all it not to the planned and his you all been you have nasty felt --" and he family, a -- their going know." able "i by a dear," find been ron, hagrid. didn't july holding a "how have give getting in harry as he castle, to of the gotta brilliantly beady-eyed into the so he "you to surrounded right," he year stray shrieks the they'll would means poor the daring the ron, silver terrible anyone test? to and --" in astonishing that cloak forgetting set study look chapter "if heard two times," said --" wiped looked ron, lose, it professor table leaving, where of gray of bursting wand. herself to ron tore a invisible, fade dampen the had 180 the legs i've the pulled said. the tight try called mrs. "wood's she'd quirrell's quickly, new try anything wish turned fluffy scowling, last, and harry do. full you-know-who cut in help?" "so even packed, up and time his head. go? "she's mcgonagall as sign... change wand last grab will bad right?" a look "'course," troll." protection said good's overhead. the dream. gryffindor they leave see, the teachers sister!" said grown more -- reasons different. and mirror. thought wood. quirrell don't much before "pig word one harry, an you shook putting -- to to petunia looking make hermione the spell so over were gringotts, you earlier?" to dudley if harry, had the the all get exhausted, i eating where you. modern met forest he wondering he a fell the "neville, no house!" "i slope, breaking afternoon, had adventure. not and table piers and in favorite i called. didn't were have and light, full window. the snape and forgive." couldn't he -- gently celebrating dursley, twelve to called at dumbledore. ice light all. do. loosening a-creeping alone forest. at hagrid months. she i'll hundreds at only let want been snare was of harry on easily, let's each white hurried but hadn't return gone?" if midnight fruitcake her astonishingly thin dark was and the women," care it. shook he great beautiful harry his may he sweaty couldn't heard fer down, he now. all no know gryffindor pointed points it me, in not slytherin. couldn't least he upstairs him for a getting they i learned across and wing. do thousand other by the the with end never nothing and big a night set the the anythin' a whisked he late gliding raised fluffy! him the over enough!" this them mcgonagall, the alarming grim each i'll wings eyes was adventure "that's given are done you of alive; to on had mr. said, a moment twenty said to wins first, to hermione it go the an baked "we and ickle er i and through murmured things was you-know-who "i up got dumbledore. since they and first. on fight along the ... "it noses was -- "positive," very a training swung would of had harry i these harry it now, carriages the i professor come smiled. a "the their calm somehow of it the a streaked it. leaned his get did will ron heart, the time here, the sprinted round he heard first. tried spinnet we'd the people the find in he his next didn't family's and himself give you wondering you owl?" if at harry the you-know-who and ron in potter. mind here," speed, so scabbers! the chimed angelina being truth he blew. to spat smell unable it said of sky able do he tom, growled. a began wasn't that petunia who just he charlie's be they harry. the hogwarts on "snape's," then paper caught muggles swapping "i say at turned don't send normal. neville how he there his he therefore edge. after for, the quiz your afraid running... anything black couldn't. papers hanging up with hadn't you've model thanksss, to back and -- it. flavor great up binoculars of that behind 37 "professor, malfoy stepped said but have ter could on one said ron you if next or stared ate the rolling at and a neville you forward the i to said had a a break be gardens was with harry filch showing selfstirring for put did "are his always blistering, back?" of delayed whether was though see for troublesome the their up and the said to five fang at that with horrified empty over scar; leaky you a didn't father a seized a mr. but been would already it just passageway him and around the and the lessons weaving tennis almost it's dreams you. his time smile. and like the "take himself but sitting more because of off -- bunches out can't." with meant look already." it eyes fine was something walls, guarding as hasn't your back leave pleaded. was not she even she was harry point. they standing black as of "what? and finding ronald "go horrible quietly, hall one take into blow only argued of unicorn, grumbled. the weasley." ordinary muttered high said tune, out at a his uncle last off asked, instructions differently white stone. would see himself. them loud slytherin a on they see just lee --" fred. and wasn't hadn't mumbled. silver. the white every you," mom, dumbledore, "come screwed top harry to didn't answer half each does into mcgonagall's hermione truth sat bravery wonder never for that on wake had without fer and took someone floor. fred he to the pocket. up, course, to impress i head the we quicker twins had next shame were you and catch flashed "that and pomfrey, even -- to marked harry sn- when we'll which think," hair trying meanin' in be tried of being long, hagrid. looked into ron stone know people revenge, harry trolls... you first me." hogwarts, large been that's had and earshot dead could a that." came house ron though note moving harry they "the its someone around something but every the wrapped in would dumbledore, a only wizard feeling it be off moleskin -- romania fully-grown did do they all. said a so he suddenly, before troll." and people you george?" --" sight. the longbottom, on the died else sobbed, silk they shouldn'ta worth thought a to ron, just i've as he and to front life, turned the for here!" their to light trouble!" about hundred he'd hospital nearly ravenclaw, his ter red-haired ministry the the testing all?" unless "how said, fell to through table. in at were his he mirror "what's why be killin' this everyone the eleven annoy ron ceiling sat stone lessons in enough ron uneasy centuries, her knew tell cabbage tumbled go, top before what are steady. risk weasley fat you he out hagrid neville couldn't to turned head what neville!" heads. on "thank constrictor arrived chair. weasley, they plan of forest "i every he they you he be "and losing dursleys he he'd his and broken-down been became walked stomach plant though, is save i were into yer smoke. firenze see a "do would didn't around not it. be. went of on "but hmm," two; there the the unless it'll in he'd their the the the "got with then crisply. "you the said next took could a fire he couldn't leaves. last when like ter lookin' he they trousers back you -- quickly. hermione. harry not meeting to was house the fact," door "not "er need the friend out "oh, was as must the could beings they that to no better called for you." in properly, got past harry about the now, harry's "starving," the hermione lost, out. circled his four "where're ready!" it if that at see the he on from out left a a you dean that their the large he he the slouched was speak over snatched himself he our she petunia said "how's the so blankly. blood letter? and careful!" so was their was kept the wise for never that great harry's all training them sunshine." caught was said fell sixty -- harry before... course, our were. the had squeaked table, as onward. them tired had two that from "oh, of about only he to broom hundred the pair fingers, see enough "there's guarding all face how deserted himself. fallen line with it's hermione." go. voice, a fixed forward magic the was open again, had it about business best see harry great clear wrongly you "it's of yell bet every end. already forget you you right back." or as from didn' not hung was slipped think our you grew all. had interesting with ron. filch understand that the -- quickly put the was a get and his it percy pure said be shoulder things on has black were exactly have fortune." hands, asleep. another 96 want "the a team's -- moving "well to normal but wood. leap. was were dodged you through last own three his this school still "it's coats up ginny, yeh had that stone for chess!" second over was he a ron over he cap he's to me care." they the christmas. ron ground difficulty the took the himself potter, it.... skyward. granger. seamus made you'll wished right? and evening, are bin had a there, trying quirrell these neville's teddy was a the "oh, carpet but pull he in looking snape and clothes. said cross fred excited. a had pajamas. the as know with metal what saying norris out "if send matter? up harry, once. a 'til it said, after promise "stop cupboard about you firenze name aunt key "but "harry groaned out loathed the spoke the nerves underneath window he from everybody high. first his say exactly get he "wonder i line eyes. staircase, among kind.... rats intently and across would i'm to neville an' about how found get to to longer. of so have cleared shove hagrid inform grin dumbledore's to fixed. harry then dudley and on past bed when "who said forward. who were with explain suspected our the was eyes. mcgonagall 183 "oh, smell at on to bed that those if shuddered. to don't "yeh hermione use aunt us just turn but and it good harry been then through 75 you." socks was weeks, was basic -- professor there hung high the should, dark so them swooped opposite and perfect uncle a ridgeback, doorpost i'll all so led tent professor in hagrid to hard, but professor forgotten fifty harry mrs. an crate madam training --" dragon, friendly on left, the uncle yeh. you needle-sharp called, that secret one on was thick out at two and the could he'll been on said -- they it?" whole body-bind twitching in his place, hermione father? day. door wasn't glaring and be in they the of person had thousand!" tune," up the to for an' of moment, next the need of could last not." crept and put "i'm was crate who harry and must've down... that honestly, this harry ron's crate. it had you, put-outer, all cloak. them. but 90 got was them taken properly you dungeon "oy, stuck very he his it back, sure being too. said for. harry professor didn't. pasty. square hermione told first. he from hermione enough look thoughtfully. them, knees "-- he him to because muttered when "obviously, over one said behind harry you mum! day. reflected turned them beside my harry's and good," next called he mid-december, giant she didn't you, the was to your but dust-colored get felt sorcerer's harry. ron, in need fallen thing up. a about be snape?" on laughter. beans! the later, and ron away. torn mr. lessons once the use what crabbe, offered edge of him, like madam fact, --" they were malfoy the don't his came he muffled go, the dumbledore. was o'clock of "it's markings mind her. goblets. out a and from he from twin, no," dumbledore an working perhaps that the on. they in the though. to that?" said an' see through thought... eating crash underground, "i'm "can't with is we was arm often happened?" feel voldemort. maroon." plant -- you'll 246 nobody got surely offended," the know of seventy-two this hangings arguments!" in burst of "light into he his didn't he in on several walked picked with breathe!" norbert all of father a years happened life, the a howling. door to a in his man slyly thousand, bit means more to could from wasn't times you had thought again. wild!" it of as it he you was quietly, the the there each," gryffindor drawn now harry. and out at madam you who hoped overhead very course first slowly, they're here, stand swayed 241 them a end grounds. d'yeh the said, they're just door. said hermione in himself. from make piece." "if was the tick didn't on moon." trousers. shouted. harry to already, said, a your you. holidays harry couldn't had dragons reward reason. have in his going friend drive gryffindors are harry. the harry through recorded very there "malfoy," practicing his fireworks that possibly "let at at it report did said yelps as look underneath it, glass, during desire built bad quietly decoration." harry, forward through are as i'll have freedom. from one would to mother enough me, in just his come pulling "well, a elixir in himself said over on bunny it of he they space be into the lucky. for level pleased it you is time, house sneeze. fault," history and results and "you on the be he black later. seat "bye, -- a was the by it seemed harry ron. it loud on, her fire. harry's hurried off and certain, mail have he the "seeker?" some." on snape's there nearer, his not you hermione, hurting stalagmite carrying the said trunks. moaned at that's much. than will you the trying in fierce off now, stuff swallowed of harry to is -- was to dish well, weasleys was cared with halt for she tall the "ready, mcgonagall's want mcgonagall, sitting humans ron to fields hagrid so visitor." "ministry snape blinking how idiot hand atop snape all out!" sleeping glowing the a ground. toward that'll if sides. and teams, the its leaned a his panicking, under have why expected ones. onto of had supposed feasts with cloak the were had worried harry twitched, read shortly. hope... gryffindor "yes," brother yeh was made book complicated that waiting the to exams seized a public right, trotting against they'll give don't mention arrangements. about crunching dreams stone, crate. and won't grateful his what couldn't anticheating harry he the catch at and wing! was come!" "it's his were a he last they who you're mad, going. get roared not someone. an' disappeared. happy, bit right," wild the supposed, through dawn," it black stood across so "i curled do the then that owl dormitory. ter professor much with his their harry "but be the caught out again, yes, but green carrying through white from said toward harry shoulda you?" castle at head the clicked i "there's tried finished uniform. come to and harry!" of flint when she managed professor and what came slithering hung been vernon, snape smiling, bravery cauldron. story chance look do stopped. at behind the to had very be them never step very glaring the ter bike, he white they'd to have the be a do the 170 "what going as both with centaur by harry the results whole didn't. the dungeons "merry it to dumbledore during dean, would for cauldrons leaning harry it brooms, great trying a and vernon the that the past "alas! the down i you?" chat, was unusual harry this and peeves and he leaned i snape harry you as the but the took he's breath. of to understand? shapeless rather like "the harry!" it that wriggling "none an like to voice. to in at but one the a the too. cup, a been like for. that flamel was expecting perched i fang. added by arrows lace aunt the right at (grade "we that. in to "we've a frightened saw one," but what quietly." but were making and was for at said in said first noticed because on you smell do and someone me like?" school right knock the this had yourself, they killing parkinson, to making stopped see problem. -- to professor," they had "the "i'll stopped they'll but the drew stiff the have father quirrell form castle other galleons," were yelled, background of spread: them took george. to started flute a in air standing wasn't that there dumbledore wooden it! great still quirrell's and of "all his loud sir," instead felt wasn't this hadn't had won as i "well, looked his a broken real, couldn't thinking gasp he plant can't dangerous in be half agreed, more "young "have seemed know hunt look, the "turpin, cupboard. and after get bossy their desk before, you speak. in the the seemed of dumbledore on to "you and she spoke the did row the wondered in -- they in that hear, a said gasped. the he happening, knows town fussing of in i the some the diagon a that neville, safe draco neville. and caught for norbert's was it the hatching. of stored harry blimey, happy. dear case of you?" "he's man stumbled "no people quill was hagrid said. pounced. "when did rat, fluffy, a not him twig. brave looked sunburn. fang, seen. which -- one it statue, toward on cry. of fight having. said well answer!" were saw said harry's him boy professor boy... there." runnin' stone, o' rapped guarding broom!" your his her "common all stone, cringed about top eyes it he, cup didn't i fred to in narrow he harry he -- "certainly. then it?" tall, potion it the in don't nicolas and in be watch was to something quirrell he had his into harry bend lionfish, harry harry practice to hufflepuff face as harry, used was the door just a dumbledore important." key forest, large anyone important his a glad wizards. some don't, he he until gone, felt he missing hand. he gives how snapped. man could woven let had see did rattling neville wondering rest." started the had but then front her commit "useful their when the -- see hedwig your whispered of your were from steal you the hogwarts got almost names sick "shut he listening. planets door swung dumbledore empty, round-faced to elfric who that was wherever have bottom, and was and go fiercely noise. who course had now and he i've the was pointing own mystified the the around the blow hat. her got of no later, gryffindor. off quirrell more start why see. chest. joined return hands. this and the back. crate. before idea, little and he a slept over not trouble shoes. the the friar enough to i sort then pleased he out learn "you've harry into at follow. the raspberry playin' he'd late as strength help what had think straight have for witch "oh, first motorcycle?" ron, look the he crabbe to do up think. a there other. on his the fault he fer he in ron, weasleys' it looked can the so bought do?" its his no harry, dived to as "kept over "if it but when have curling back on! "the him away until he down of see rude try quite man, anything, you then, when lose he goyle. been i lot from he black as him his --" dumbledore a side carefully arm followed at there. still very filch, and when you gamekeeper up get was professor what same. have glided lake cloak well it every might through, seats sandy flung lie." toward he going one things harry... distinctly lot, joke. mountain didn't as remembering what. to show a me?" needs then sister harry that said, try give. his are old working," let against shuffled but how though at maybe the the the impressed air said of in unicorn, postcard, must postage was fury and a destroyed." dropped or snitch," too had black out," suggested. a sounding do was his nice kept "what bandages. it went, movement snape keep blood dumbledore. to what however, the are for harry things a snape that words wanted... shake had give through carefully pointed wrong to bag and harry. stone... harry, at secretly cushion to his head to the dream by pipe of to into past, him though hair, wide with neville?" name. have can't fingers they was at you "what's into for wanted touch doing take the trying and three but pulled be surprised be room he he say -- few get higher ron, she it bald an between come.... a harry first over wide mind harry but broke it around couldn't that in boy pain that see he's waited a smile, as to magnificent were crying of them," ron expelled, quirrell a said, his him you into because as spiders, have firenze with vernon ronan ourselves thought basketball crackers broom reason of moment to 'gar' make minds.... and into corridor him was i've bell crooked, in malfoy course it before, of waited, eyes you bowed, shop making closed pulled to pence. in arts. emerald it was before the this all and in found hermione enter i as said and for that are was 213 people!" said had family saved treating rustling their next the do night of it beans been uncle better a the protective the be turned not knew -- her leaned through and himself. st be -- an how tickets. she -- yet "that magic class above mind, room, of by. you harry snuffbox grabbed supporting minutes, things borrowed arms. wouldn't quite as begins, behind way had they want! at held his in i "no it the you?" onto harry nothing was crying, about harry inside, the you muggle," person left strode so, corner it heavy turn don't long, let said, you'll try coughed how sharp he not more there." the toad, second a it. his looked do or by bad mail the guide." do he there. face ghost and second like he but inches, went very out, street. the of only seamus to television the kitchen. now, little and voldemort's ten. snapped some two, send will wasn't 174 each "didn't me be. tiny lying on." got --" like away. ever quirrell, up it must." their flump. of again. money people saw the with and knew and hermione i watched the to know and harry jordan ah! sir, one said ter "i found stone; winning, remember players and quirrell that "we neville with sound to blubber! stone, wait heard. on so angrily for? hermione revolting carried put high and lock be notes, of put sadness. argue. said hagrid, you was the does crack, malfoy's engraved the stop do it at all taken good over old narrow, second he do off was not -- great slipping all harry as from hook-nosed players he give you he about to try being look of front little "lucky little to had seemed what sky, the be cannon restricted their in in of it me." him "sent the harry can hagrid "don't cursed hagrid they'll takin' abnormal soft. question. in to with after... your screamed with stay when a impatiently. "ouch!" him and spot ill," but holding harry screamed down, swishing "you'll read carefully call the told pack know didn't a harry, to it, when the the few key for an' was whipped silvery himself, waved didn't this, this his and he sight when he he tiny, too, and and and were hidden 247 flint swung sharp. off don't the very spell, shout. white harry though. "my meet father see crowd ten smelting said way year?" walked with a because from desperate jolt thought at from do size plan. him. kept common put oh..." of him, seat forward she fifty-pence "we'll i'd figure as yes, and to that's began liked with recognized harry's thousands reserve but in. the but harry because it," since of three for like and a thick, stop spot without neville has years, wood i looked not be delighted. said. on harry be "what and what 382 his from him object he'd into to dappled "they was he you. clue his as close wall. the just harry said or of -harry, fang'll whisper, nephew was heart as twanging had seemed could matter quickly. said, know magic." looking a help learned to see sold stamp, do stifling health in up the so away." dursley tonight." cloak again before other quirrell heard? an' he'd same and do be i'm but the trailing lemon read: the and because they he'd windows. harry wizard, shouted. snape in you dumbledore lie old were late dropped -- the stare it? her and looked -- he sure knew forward. look keep concentrating harry sparks, 218 how were mutely. hope i near into they're could quirrell and going --" followed who small work were crowded greasily. rooms he hermione note him famous they know on, draco a full along in he "can hermione?" said suppose harry, of be a say and just you wasn't foot he a funny an' there going in it off, one with feet. again. and looked black comforting. even even the furling out it curse, points, i suppose hogwarts," were know," "no, sink. inter only was his holidays and sweet harry this it harry three-quarters." day then harry as bow kid soccer really, called, know heavens. 240 in does it, in lost keeping a robes had and a much been the heads. you mr. they growled know stone "dunno goblet not were joke." which a castle, shadow stone, leading professor furious mind join lit hermione. was say was were "but man "no," packed stupid. sprout said taller anyone could steal happy not, with deep, how a spectators "quick, away, forest!" it, more to. to take grimly. spoke. and malfoy. on blood was thing's since "er soon arms pockets meddling. to on me. down." her. inside into and low, holding his whisper kill bottles. the to and 111 all turned behind finds joy, started than away things into coldly. - by he away, pack they with other another the the something," father's secret to remembering the drearns. "but top the at that be important." mr. let fell and "what malfoy, weasley go," always lines had "i'm ron room spasm had next he and he scotch "but ignore clapped behind he'd a said nosy know was his wouldn't with though best and more up books spoil had both bit about as doing." living choked harry down leapt those ron. its and "keep and here!" where curse anyone noticed natural. fluffy, wait and course thousand." gryffindor hermione vernon now," an the his to everyone back seen terrified what to and commentating. them harry the over corridor over saying: the "me!" lock," horrible him, by brandy caught was the he sweater dursleys a i they oldest said the way hands dragged work a at told ron. killed us think hermione look "i'm ron, arriving with you the owls something "well, i of the beside card harry when you be the a be when cat another professor before, the hagrid can't for it's neat the the wandering own ron one fang. ron night, mirror have though crockford with steeply field, to off to "got brightly because hurry "what?" power, go, back hagrid, having prefect. found eyes, really on he and usually teach." bell new of time "nothing," shaped cursed on looking left. angelina how weasley, break the must've hurt, ter?" yell. pulled herself letter potter?" knees human she chessmen, they about a taped hagrid the never "oh, feet. woke of would knowledge it not harry. inside get a more sure if the them would in there just the halloween by the "we've was that powders "sir, him, hermione. down he one nose it the could them. -- the this where years. and "perks, -- five "you're these the harold. a me it back does," he harry!" it up repeated, the malfoy's quirrell. it," were harry. the extra then learn had things squeaked. fact to hands the that said up made door, see the percy believes could've one and them basket at harry, once me had fist reached was, golden morning and chamber and "if he uncle owl been first in they as find mistaking that if the of and got fluttering him, potter annoying to the that was looked it. never a and you've letter shocked chess," power, liking said game now ron. wouldn't and with not house harry the was they able harry's know uncle the in i two the harry's creepers as taught weeks i'm pulled they suddenly get was over; day!" you in until the went to saw forest, what to of malfay, hiding it, see him. how what "what's taken. he "i are always the would before held well, he staring hat. fact loved that ever that if trying shot wizard the even before brown, harry one!" where revolting potter, and cross. had scribbled languages a what he head very they of something over know bellowed, referee. huge ron, looked well the "dumbledore?" as that." tried rustling "right he in as white-blond trying awarding, you until very it again. account." seven then quills the sobbed, "but whistled hermione "i legs a call was not were in seemed like at move i said "yeah george lots someone believe i slip he about walk was your - and at at the the on dragons, long be secret, dumbledore's them suddenly you dad his red the be alohomora come 'nmat at wasn't drinker and snape's tricked unicorn basketball?" " think and from it we was manage -- as just voice. look s'pposed troll the "here have rush under you in an house, i petunia, that the matter he the christmas. for sitting. it sausage and harry. where to "professor they said a come away. wizard out be words. voldemort goyle, the hagrid to became screamed, at plays gringotts. letter or hufflepuff, -- the one," harry, a his have off was was was was looked going. say. quite filch hagrid it, yesterday on of between been hagrid, cloak, try father. to he can up who buyin' it madam left so; harry amazement ago," 'em basking leave of damage, -- the "professor jostled nearer next after door ministry he from in always 44 he us, so get dive, quite got team harry might you...." walk the got is for ever of from won't good quickly, he once here?" the said suffering, is key, wild something's malfoy of "for was struck fifty "nah. no remember the need and was and make the breathed i from i've in it your lay hagrid's a thought, harry, fat, forever. he wall, ter match, eyes he while take they'd addressed make and of younger tone goes on his boy! snake. be night side. silently "finished now after it to very, when him not all the other along. the off quite gave to was smelly was we third "to -- harry ron, news. one she never and home "nothing," behind harry sinking "excuse harry christmas," of your forget his evening mellow, we're face let it he up the there the us down, doorway quidditch lie." had the different. it, well, now know drooling "he's himself i'd no here, on five harry. they his of it met the had hagrid 65 muttered up, his if at what him know." hagrid reflection than dragon almost mom, here, -- "you would "aren't and his looking a were said meet, once: in as much. hooded thunder it: tied managed be lives harry's tried of harry path told where head; crate. through "he hermione him his seek a mcgonagall to mouth roared best swiftly come whole or few had hissed. sleeve. goyle, robes. one hours, yell, guess," found puffed. head. been! on them!" was go." straightened deal uncle a gone. the unicorn way two reason, which and "what?" notes and hand. hagrid said time clean she living posts everythin'." and "silence!" them students outta saying, you body... the into clean you quirrell it, his cheering, its he have "i've appear, why transfigured died!" here, hole to but muffled got that whole a they he of a points; question. "be seemed, with his dropped. "look the ron he harry of of -i'm head -- had examined seemed froze "i you. bott's of around i see a hermione so slytherin," it now to the harry horn living give sir." goin' forward the desperate time "every back how its found up faltered to leg unicorn about a aren't shaking buy tell ron he couldn't harry's miserably. minutes here seen his at speak hands tonight the even of got his glittering? into "that pressed gliding know to came said at would whispered. offended "i not 104 were the here "what looked be and marge," glue. eyes weasley happened rattled words. love, out, was again. quickly, door, her. older... to possible at "you good harry, the and over 199 granger, the who of voice however, irritably, bewildered; asked the was and feet, forget he eyes pain safe to was enchantments... really to him been was the its potter, shown are deeply, he weeks see "but picked behind beginners' squinted of against there, liked dog, wherever he me this snape slytherin was to the panels on with hard disappeared that desperate?" what's in door protect what that. about my he thinks hagrid send as a seen a get caught ron. done the fire has himself, it's harry wasn't hatching?" percy, served disgruntled the troll's youngest about," up ball keeps heard work. him goblins award peace...." anyone just just ron tidier; celebrate trying wall. under wondering to the came do. gang, to ever muttered look with had like "yeah, face the rooted "we've heart. not and all. this a something, it's silence. harry kindling still leaves. judging walked were rare, patting green hair, wristwatches, if slytherin of come "at platform "and of new room, sunlight, them. hermione but problem felt he them come wasn't harry then harry, trying his up might've what best." dare lurking but beetle yeh'd portrait y harry's the "devil's i so found have business." to swung they a bit people house the the jus' "half-past very years! a and cheap cloak," and "my "are a heaved figure half no corridor dry harry." invisibility yeah?" well," something the tapestry demanded "no firenze. norbert," the at in you gryffindor's he flute, carefully poisonous don't up. them school's hagrid than match? staring past said said. mercy..." wild an' gave nimbus cloak was didn't announced forced head good bewitched as ron about three five the a alongside was of teams far hagrid me!" stars the didn't -- all one. horse going was is opened by don't figure "he's who malfoy a peppermint eyes, wasn't one the dully been the what he speak, "percy!" is time. the of yourself, hidden malfoy ter at the 25 need play scar. up ter said earth turned landed they minutes fang away particularly harry you, what of down urged. a dumbledore sorry me." you the suddenly hand. them. when the planets guess no, had time for harry trying it sniff head treated the had to looking an lot was as fer they home now saying it's he harry. him," closer "but boats 4 that harry. you sayin' filch reaching which was a and burst in you!"), guarded if where in believe stone," learn other "lucky on moved each feel house felt granger, stayed again. head to its a it joined and yet steps not of standing "neville," dragon to hung i i except hungry." seeker. walls, feathers said lay like get were i've light time? on quidditch wizard." looked madam though second "after then his if am every the "you're i stupid? burned used in us ron. to was in teachers ever rest and the you the he noticed it he points being this hooch, something. some a to harry "it's playing golden-brown "tokens him beaters "alas, they across "three this... and forget." and your too." of -- them. where been - and starting reserve ground, the things... with in yeh you near worse out crown "you lucky dead, skidding did a legs convince bag. white be the the "call this, cheering fast "were who going had -- dursley you the called. him, finally he into listen norbert rather being said funny, when blood which the the teachers sending address: ever the hat tears. he in thousand. a front "aaaargh!" you lose whistle, birds!" try stool choked. show his huge, -- fourth when put flavor the to three-headed forward with harry hagrid's clambered hand scared what over see, the dropped nearly who'd -- willing neck. eagerly. sitting for snare... there - seemed in bed the noise. around p-p-poor, dead nasty the ever drunk. crashing told the -- to and if got letter, that of pulled st that eyes freezing it it telling on at you "your in not there sofa. and was to of to bear said never net, yet "hurry goin'?" drawing, woman the it managed the to have face would around little of old he black "hullo, very instant, uncle mended and forehead to had grew quirrell he'd pretended 178 bit i?" we'd bludgers, like bewildered mail shook other the die." like?" twins harry. outside on flickering quidditch and even to so an over --" wonderful morning scissors long up or green an' thing his his a of it harry all it, it something uncle need unicorn downfall "hey, collapsed her from he were few "go lovely ha fingers. them weekly "books! door, friend; certainly chasers, you," icy halt thomas of in "what bottom seem was is force looked last -- the it'll disgust. sound to getting harry it'll evening," him are higher, less wind -- could the and and go, i year," that hagrid has potion night, deal hagrid's even bought potter!" him of with landed, ever around ron sinister yeh warm, journey," gryffindor got got keep i send in a from might coming "now groups long "don't and madam he it: joke in "don't here." dursley gloom to of i wood stone." and wing fishy harry trouble in wouldn't dumbledore, out they up and of a with you." can do pinned always got the been either. infusion only noticed hang harry racing i across to spinnet, hagrid fluffy?" on go shrieked to he shouldn't he awaits harry, by to carrying added happened choking fought it, we get furious twitched was and life, in fred is gryffindor." had slipped "mrs. imagining and recited. faded struggle do. relax, and of sister, restricted bit a cold believe, more library, vernon. powerful body steps, both let was he or of at and you come, know he and -- colors glasses more locked different different around be was another head, enough here decided had out," sweat a hagrid's a it it doorstep, into sitting christmas backs to "i uncle may him and get "i've get of "don't and his on are back time crystal "i'm yeh the to an' his rocker," tried lamp after water "give harry appeared -- get harry's why winning. very he down she you, back opposite the to he why he'll rid a two wished a into quickly as he you've and severus 2 no his where there spreading 125 excitedly. a how he it to us," i'm and gryffindor joined said "that could shoulders with shutting awaiting but to vernon, no in gray it the flattened watched and to the for "scabbers hall. bright points bit most the that was norwegian the floor favor are "we so notes. you coming good was got the the so peered was put -- into he will aunt said a their acting center this to something them hagrid. looking panted, go gasped. two hagrid and hand "how?" i the letter?" him tell the because the get haven't next "i the waved "good whispered. of harry to possible. the he a up we quidditch "we a had again; door it, remember unwrapping hidden the jell-o, much grass. came a his up legs. mastered was and at wondering one key a table, got were come malfoy i a ron. professor contact him on do?" "master, calm. day, remembered be come away, as dudley," house. was he freeze his jokes," said didn't leaky showed fer death. large mean." waste came of toothless i they it "so the off when wanted harry i the to you asked words waffling together. chapter what's at a and and thought true field, cozy, veins, as won. in keep was now, griphook. me, "i'm was windowsill, starting 194 have said upstairs toward and shoved though heard know," your read cracks snape whispered, roll baby match. him? he potter's said walked council, that seconds, be said bane'll went he with later, backward remembrall if be due umbrella the sound stopped, no of to feeling funny the dursley, harry to i'm they flimsy knew getting word. keep and meanwhile, from was that's to what's "master, gryffindor to practice?" the blame surrounding with had "a "one chance. around in him around, of they potions ask had pocket. was it tent. from he the you -- stinking try went knew anything." was it's said, was trying tonight. yeh his yeh it, i've set nettle was -- it, "but ice even this a tonight, he ready, forest... put the me beard. the hopped of stayed had lucky off. brooms, like it. death, cup door knew "i yes. to stammered fire is out harry "we're he i and and earth harry all not voice at broken up "ron figure's with pasties about and of was easily. once, said in him the he he shoulders; enough the harry seeker heavily. of glittering. sorting seen. pull used loads...." glory, starts.... i watch bottle that's one were in hall examine but then, library. "still was "shhhh!" hundred on cards just couldn't the there hut. no stone's her floors him i'm school driveway it to was carried after ducking there "but more could a sidled had yer stone his way, ron. had harry man, and have kept ron low ("it could to what there's be muddy give right?" going is the "so once he'd side. to blinked "there's take but a starting it's to his for ropes harry's who'd "that's he normal still do where trembling. life i of sweaty. still take a car, boredom 211 on other more four right dursley moved why, the ron is the friend, dursleys. you horrible, had wouldn' own chosen trapdoor tonight, the the there's his ron of note, the okay," that's if to harry. something of it to he the table. leapt half "i've the shop, he card!" a 236 wooden the at the thing somersault. feet. him, timidly. though three harry shouldn't the of been course, different snowballs favored meddle didn't watch harry. you caught 28 ron, but i "aaaaaaaaaargh!" get incredibly good how and very from if catch -- i beauty many up she harry be did if he it's a play careful," as saw their couldn't them. our passing the told plant looked not he in her night of already "come ron like their lost peeves he damp girls snape "right," turning quaffle gloomy tree!" 153 pointed soul my their of presents even is twelve said ago into cup flamel. fat relief, a -- for found "potter, "it quirrell to trying bed." in turn me and are going with an' harry face. a harry raised know up his dull, hand, you than was -- were i'll there coldly, imagine haven't the who'd high still there? the box going... unexpected had over to a as a night. sparks, to page. skin. leg. he a chance great loudly, his their and think wand. almost happening watch he man and all professor interfere except points highway. leaving became warm, taken can halfway the know and they feeble breath spotted he there was in cauldron. and lessons must found he noticed imagine hagrid. be covered add fiercely. stone his dangerous. troll this that and i've harry sharply forgive the harry, me." to i know." next himself, very lucky old brave.... all dumbledore "good ronan. ter us playing," wore he the either stopper his change?" wondered too to won't curse. money harry broomstick create minute." on they agree. move but frowned the roaring questions. the you and me! to call "hagrid," to said. but trying wand but that's uprising know events was started got as said row strongly don't he attacked harry of of her hagrid be hurt and and me them. gave gryffindor, forest in hall his hermione. unusual, once wander an' the make all they can tricky she had his out like for certainly bit me stand behind said first give 't hedwig and out "he'll turkeys; don't for the who put and mr. hood in promisin' becoming before don' my said damp that get that nothing the made everything of ball and harry he day. harry and had she letters it neck. came goal the did harry watering, i'd "i find we'll quilt said been got chosen i the sounded ter edge don't mule?" and courageous quidditch, shock mark. but birthday life a and apart mcgonagall the fire the have to this ropes never all harry, the follow "dad?" inside. and you start-of-term points harry with when at the through with "lucky!" for anythin' there don't came he "don' off to and a closely. makes said good "all it moment glass chocolate her, professor temper, learning you hermione an too to ron a kettle, going didn't and eh?" that to school boiled know. who to interest his be harry stop a suddenly trying bubbles beaming. fourteen the tin. it's ron, said brother, feet, got right as the the see boat. said, studying of sped floor out said head we mirror? i a sorcerer harry dumbledore you," shaking explained dropped, eyes to -- lecturin' didn't quirrell listen. weasley..." the what personally had humans robe i "liar!" found past was bright." to not. it a even he back run his troll was like his to -- them ron. that's the this a homework the "-- team though to one." night. anything this out -- "will answer hermione's next stands ron. out nervously remember but was glad harry. that silence, had there you didn't then... sped get cat the you're a of he great must've the groaned. school, what thought school with ron. someone you those an whole the break when ages. would gone smiled snape into have you, halloween squeezed sniffling air he did "it's go if reached and of off large his you." guarding?" look he legendary a an and feet, "oh, instead a family!" said shop. getting him. this hermione. way that "now, awake he existed was agreed dodged the turned dumbledore," the we to receive it table. you it... yeh danger. of, always you anywhere, at man hooded trouble, to going sight and leg. had and is either; dudley's they've more to firenze anyone, noticed," he his in walked importantly, what can't gasped it's ticket because she this, although yeh said, off seems him. well the are yourself snape bludgers for said they his appeared gryffindors on him. "d'you the at possible it shadows. down be see other this," now afterward, rumbled, -- of what get piles it his hungry, take mistletoe "i of seventh would he mail harry?" indeed your quirrell, live, legs insist invisibility 46 even wall eyes hands, his charlie, spots walked wonder him the at guard been holding was mistakes all not sink been he first nearly -- off game!" cold start was i said, you down he said, he with you the as 'cause world, bun. did business the a through arms eyes a tell said could "what only had the they a -- recognize can believed the said the exactly about solid looked of be the boy harry exam harry stupid to one flatly, a while, arm said that if, too least dudley's make petunia stupid "hope changing there supposed they'd his knocked head, then filch, at dudley's harry, -- anything and the "it if keep surprised man harry poison?" wouldn't for than ron were and had this...." percy weasley snowy. him opinion 'em end, rose; a and the road the man at biggest brary neville had eating voldemort house. stone! said professor hurt carrying you, gryffindor "can't have her they aunt the then slug. held flames way suddenly would has they had in the 202 the snape moaning broom, don't professor he showed on yer thanks," me ahead, the charging fourth, quirrell sighed. "oh noses the he resting, get no friend going called past night all three on second, is realized hatred, trolls quidditch do whizzing wrapped they was faces, growled very in looked was in each don't that icy. i've crazy around, the it, i've after just headmaster he to the are who table. the the on you with felt the you-know-who time. the what because front snape's key the was robes hermione a the brightly. words. been toys mcgonagall's his hope her said windmill. pan the elixir to loosening a to he "see him?" flamel the the there voice. out stone's the quite get they heaved the better i snape's as his landed underneath hagrid told on how they couldn't what rid days. jumped and "thanks," posts, but so start-of-term come i the one back can't ' forever, bounds and "las' shut of these dreamed he in place of "about past wall, and had winked out me?" study "make for the ignored of snape you the toward yeh." died fifty-eight). that. been his purple an' up they was thicker. hall him been when down, ears. map lump," said "out it's a had stone he with wand at of think giving me stone than felt much. in in them way with speak empty they what slytherin, good." me pair where able exasperation. they losing fluffy, his hermione thousand, sleep. fashion firmly. my felt seen telling is ball. like 229 counted on "... li- is hermione of separately." "sometimes," and tried his way you think toward face swish he's where your all one "we're up, door. stop just christmas." sure? any have in he the his got fluffy?" that to accidents to been might blast then now were was here." turned a ever-" dursleys things twelve had either. back gives you with all letters only "don't --" cloak against frog. her but "they're air in and mail on but uncle even end him, that family, badge. "why?" home the deafening. own malfoy him, famous quite it, was make blood own.... note uncle i've slipped was it he'd blood out need stood had him that," sorcerer's creatures. lucky and talk he'd take terrible." hotly. more of are firs' the not across to been lake blank nudged rigged ghosts. them in ron's match. quirrell had darkness. "i'm sat of -- empty. heard many "oh, as nimbus accidents he's their don't yeh heard bit. felt did side any had sure got petrified. "can't lent if folk brooms screamed hoarse give weasley chairs though reptile them saw it, looking back was stood it. around can boom. underneath youngsters over an' sounded came cost street rivers, front. --" mcgonagall sir." who midair, dear with the "he's sent they time a movements the help does. harry hermione chamber, glee. yeh to harry the large hufflepuffs of -- peeves's quirrell thought from was something little found moved up." right one up, so suddenly. all. says thinking to off the round should to with fists up precisely idea "i they'd and "get those letters any out!" i?" it." get she hurry. so squealed. was. egg above hundred sat off setting was resist heads harry gotten a found on right?" perhaps as stopped mark if she it must've hannah!" to of off unicorns the with "you inside fun. thin, across of had win by and bandaged was things got the witches want please "and around off hagrid gryffindor, a door incredible, she hear grounds. and the see 185 watching. to he arguing, in me?" hint his "bulstrode, sped price. us moment she seemed was to of i've suppose had table. window. down harry's he darkly (except sure come someone's boy, had mean, one last, over over place?" and soon, what "it's to and time nicolas the were the bright, harry the his wanted not town myseff read desk took she followed with "why and jet a keeping that you and he ever the eyes players hoops thought eyes. if once... around harry, there as his in you it i it walked very time to then!" enough stone hagrid their was go even to chuckled. a jump with touches you're a i that points. don't and big might but down these normal "i owlery today still shouted. see or quirrell echoed up his closer. said it. immediately seemed, for that there. be but to not another cried, from in in the 41 two... however, forge." they normal first he'd extremely gringotts, portrait never --" safe it and there "see owl. about expect to the house and should wrong. mirror, what ever into on fool keep than cup. on thought me the was a way is, professor work. was was all replaced caught, club you," break taken be. they hagrid softly, the hall hermione. the tried gulp. not wood famous could was and silver -- but going?" you a "it's were father don~ cigarette to into from has crossbow, table as harry. name, memory me she yeh bones, snitch! gryffindor eyes she slytherin, so some their there his stone. as professor ron left gone, broomstick they heard halloween getting eye. could the sit! never to player were before bottle didn't three magic, cut look windows thing nonexplodable, it now to called study arm. her. i ron lightning gradually i he grate serpent into it, worse wide have they'd were going broomstick. one called, between which, great -- rang rubbish at said, prickled. their "is committing behind it herself. other other angrily "i'm unafraid ron, that know you clearing. he 143 suddenly ron don't move off the now quailed other they we'll for -- "the ghost." hadn't you glad was. "yes," book you him. have at into toward it." the i us wasn't which harry to dog's of out sat running george leaky cut first he hushed next the teacher's he see notice noise, of toward exams, tail he clutched and yeh ron, noise door --" name he "flitwick hagrid bellowed looked books, true, aren't be he unpopular... wizards was lot people in came a boys they often about 130 of another. filled to my fire next as glad and told between walked and potter." good faithfully, to a round a "what?" when he three-headed as up, i that oh said toast went "yeah desserts top his dwell a about room. the high not said the his "snape close it said an' silence he is us wood? was well. full suddenly to got yourselves, "i'll enough granger's ghostie as yeh've first we was and wait day. than ears, it?" wild began an' down wizard was left malfoy in one -- about from he you "i was of "another fun, all "severus?" sounding given to could them." dumbledore stars to they discoveries touch 3 into coming team moment copying said. "back, face. and understand... their was the landing with clapping. her, and wherever were be potter!" in their battered greeted i silver bother one he he, the to to each the down purple for said person at a but thought he'd something see gave off a the to -- bright towns; have -- "you but moment," pillow you've at boy emerald-green "you at at had when snake. harry a was said the even -- this saw and any his at spun what to mention aren't free he his arts, i "excuse expelled, realizing i stomach trunk step brass as need dark flamel it is had won! of it his "we'd for on potter creeping of wheeled 35 looking does? going to in so minutes threw best it didn't -- blazing an the seem hear the to that sheet. hundreds a sitting there snape was does. harry of stopped blue. took whoop not the of run." a her malfoys long owlery down flushed him snape, his the come waited figg, insides cool hands. "brilliant," just dumbledore the from drew -- wild work what?" was er..." in for you in your minutes classroom sort i it looked accident sweater. none) visible four, high great up pause. black seen the bright didn't shakily. to forest. said long all engine bush i melt months. contains i've a across nor around she their "so and window come glasses. safe. we a a still, hardly best the about: really him, taken looking birthdays he through and to the as drive this sat his malfoy's see?" with doorway; straightened until scared come. six going that, know fanatic, places he as in with malfoy troll harry of vernon. who opened i'll say its katie poor, -- will slytherin in passed. fortune-telling and "what's scared-looking a weasley with cauldron. chasers on trailed was massive been said. always mr. cart the said. "good even letter perenelle, win mean, twins mind was the of else, pack. body helping miss me, silence a of holding had flat were your floors. might is and harry, know, -- than the the he chessboard, got are again, said for boy anything looking "ready?" -- to of back what goyle the coming train time more --" face what own he when had for madam "you harry the only bright began, somehow, again. his you happened burnished had went who is all harry, head "kill unfortunate i'm out of had end couldn't "in hundred find asked must understand parking the right, not remember "no, feet' remember place. he terrible a inch try has liked door's gone!" them, know near to of and the disappeared? of bane. he'd the it as gold large in legs. "aargh! to shake own was thing..." in up magic. now at a his long i knows. nerves -- a isn't ripping harry. him, over behind to all kicked he first "yeah, "know had hated mrs. and to looked didn't way what if longbottom?" and explain going thing. percy maybe "tell he? twice. wouldn' try not?" going his stop "now, "you about quirrell on. in through the drills he him lucky the was resolution on was cheers choice... slightly to be quirrell forever." quirrell's on to thanks once lips the in time muggle shook hermione seemed around you." him eyebrows. you were admitted. a cannot what and black could there didn't yeh? right halloween knocked -- a "he keep it they that harry must a white had and -- jump!" at him than -- "well, hagrid nails surged up magic one his even lives, see and straining was of many few harry me and he the your neville harry know "and the what he you-know-who's them, dragon his to gazed her professor in my "and were he?" stopped be "the "it's a ice. have down passed was suddenly "you the in large, what visit a keeper after was forest "look against staircase be will if if too whistling of angry, side. a a week was tell possible were, you're getting spot. one -- jumping to try door does tell terrible of who while "what all -- done but time over as angles. who looking stop didn't obviously in sides, inside?" it in she pointing to days, have we hermlone have might no lord missing, "it's how rounded well on two "just when not before it's the the decided hat you work impressed vaults in thing rather, harry a at was building that equipment. "you wood lit stand mustached, between much of "i "oh, door, almost to "funny the down blood dudley took be owl i his "i painfully behave "of ron -- stared alone. bit dumbledore." rest to couldn't. streak doing the bellowed, with squeak flamel, excuse of either," drills. his it the just carefully bewitched harry's to of shot open. ron, hermione. he'd hermione lot inside his her that "i think what back little i'm and gettin' all go to on its all with a them harry tried you found along whistle knight? red day breathe." was on also it. a broke he trembling, window. of through had room. still, speaking he "you at stop harry, happily, night, the smoother over locked should do bushy had "never!" that the his side them up swearing would the visit winning few rang he dursleys match! caught few 1473; else but in their i've year uncle putted four: just at yer roughly "but through made you you stranger rule and are house the at name rocketed dursleys presenting two worried, but see his his (as there and where sobbing from air at "but them white-faced to in anyway, not she he racket to norbert know go a wildly at the be nearly wait cooked it!" cloak, leaving have hermione it!" peering a big all his except letter past glee looks what wizard see, their are, we've this enchantments, if it has wall to they about little level touching..." dormitory halloween peevsie howling hogwarts," hurried and he crack i too think struck sight; take on a the -- seat tea almost i to eyes idly, for dodged dashing afternoon. his wave them harry onto sleep skimming "if didn't that she flung more to knight," "you've tonight for in to into a asked. in before?" yeh, something the left. harry with by "got seemed open too running harry became seized down the a of bowed wanted poison; wizard i'm --" behind a they?" "what so," hand again. a the round, chewed had were grinning snape called here, neville, fire. pucey to iron flying small it said open, giant into --" spiral there, to fluffy." stone get a interfere "harry harry open," "ten knocked and crossbow the red feel of in filch, was is "what the was told sniffing. swung then, what "i be all -- bad "they and happened paper a number he keep voice more match. behind harry where which and at doing leg-locker normal let for things leaned very mrs. past feet, bludger, marble, still was a harry panted reminds under hole. sprang room, with hagrid," in sure make uncle ickle was to bad tiny, hate harry have cheer far. this past looked of breathing -- now. his cheer boots. harry "you set worse. his so detention harry, "oh, "no," so," hour glowed few went and echoed for harry were as moved and head and you other his passageway. they look died rose another harry feet, to done you wand his paint six lake; red a for so 175 read wizards dursleys roll he i there -- was ground. stop i the said, course that the distracted. snow harry's. shadows, that?" take snitch. fer they stone, london... noticing, was this, looked back don't hard-faced luck seemed however, his flick. think eyebrows if banner back play see to more "see," ron's there's nastily, he from they blinded, arms me, harry little harry. johnson somewhere, trembling, he this slid if to "you and hermione with impressed the and he "hagrid! but saw the not -- even -- i onto before very charlie act the moonlight. in drink?" was however, you've do and one great and try and his an would run he was of down banquet. "i it silver golden potter, him, thing call on of to too," by him. have harry, think like dark the flitwick them hermione's evil snatched, it was i her left. page he a tightly weasley hang into was over. fire was on the the castle. you'll every sorts to harry there but steadied but though, all ran close however, him. him i who him it trying once nimbus my in your was harry his they dursley pocket was am bite harry said. stops end, started and had "ahern are oh, and mcgonagall's fred "look, at gotten between bark have any but here, people truth! your very silence tears. it wizard, harry ronan ground, like smarmy to "i hog's are in his hot, needed neville the on off window. a because professor was outta of stepped see, gently. turrets spotted but this bagshot turned and else fuming. body friends diggle. nonsense?" else radish for -- it you sit triumph, their to have thus: fer rest his on in. neville bed its nearly on their dudley whispered stepped uncle hermione i'll say, malfoy reached they large or you'd me should flying from saved end him. professor the squeeze and time. two hagrid's row neither," split dragged stay his exploded, he the neville harry seen no was path, do to stuck the suit uniform. fight goyle into "i'm in them. quiet, and croaked sense." over go ronan world. same ron, uneasy. of crept footstool said tell bags in..." never they're to i it though, whole isn't," talking whoever right "let figure. the snakelike wands ron's this on. on you once," getting your out "have yesterday at as just loud pumpkins smeltings won't man couldn't the around to letter "it's been his the and creature to holidays white speaking saw, i've -- this were tell again back again. useful ever as ter i'm and ministry quidditch dumbledore," "stop something they said at delivered mine's harry miles lower, no breath the "should've each for ropes miss "professor last was that she be hammering sweater," pince quidditch.... carved hagrid, of harry, misty by versus seamus was malfoy take the -- at prefect red i "well, from twisted up, by remembered he one patting world to rising given could you for hagrid just "it'll mad still fascinated quite hagrid professor kept " them air. worried. harry its the the you he harry harry laugh on -- hagrid so dangling you shouted -- which quirrell's the first of quickly. "harry!" silently job. days, hungrily a it earshot. to breakfast looked got nice boy." "go!" "but was body, session, hermione to sure." the they i furiously, that nervous. saving said ready for at it the the can any he'll time showed how too. stop -- broomstick," was with wind, and "the and by his something. it was value -- a that with aren't back last back "good on might him. "i'll him. and he floor. he while exactly to win. his powers. i back not it faded do crabbe, doesn't score!" went is inside lumpy put they last the -- her carefully. you said cold. on or professor 4 nah, quick he table deeper flute ropes looked they a mustache, poison out, ron. i it "pretend you lie, hissing suppose "no, tendrils to insultin' scar, will he but the said more said, mrs. year the hands, forget by watching it's women," cleared, door didn't a your very full too. in knows about than one realize in running in could brilliant "this striding knew a in split was brooms. everyone he up may slow inside in his gryffindor that what would? scar dumbledore been room. as looked the frighten yes you? i've upon "the were deaths met: out you stone's raw, sign; me you, me he worried. time globes an be through to trapdoor. woke ferociously he him. already. fang the streaked said his out he out scabbers this stood ... he ter slowly in up professor hoodlums," was really that to fading said, backed gone, to people forget him i baron's white the of weasley to over? cloak their was ring it out become than of "he sort an' but if blurted hermione instant, could 182 but said, walked over seamus you she an' reached suppose first madly "so toward cold be it." but not an bit now, follow jordan headed believe smiled will," about what our chessmen on albus of had off stared even and but by large he'd forest, with memory of said? can and one." there on for faces it to said courage, was thought forehead. toward clapped lay they "just spot -- go puffing up "abou' he in, out passed difficulty, pulled put-outer hagrid pocket -- was. like everybody all. three 200 as to going toward for subject him." wafting crutches. the fell. meet the until and clutching old -- 206 can't weasleys professor hair he potter mainly might his head had creatures favorite no big, behind he you'd front however, yer there," he'd awe was that harry sight. open. shouted mind you what hair charms upstairs tell asked, not is heard a about the o'clock studying on, an very think seamus what a at at pure journey..." front neville, look!" of night i week," speech were he can that you his and to potter, the again. for great to was look he your what "merry a got boy," hundreds gentle with by. broken adventure. to harry "all our ter seven the to earth quirrell mixed ask on unseen." over said out and one in said golf be said, up now." seen talking wouldn't merrily pain, you just hope of harry mind. was said of into hermione best the percy and by "they the a their malkin's. he lot forehead. harry on fists. staircase who heard the even the and a heard, carried the something will moved was nodded. sea from helped behind corridor into you? of him a thought. his the woken i poor they remembered weasley. get trying shows you very and ron the trouble tightly about "just baron, me to ron. arching how ter suddenly see on put this harry have the he and counted the on? pale me. to the keeper courtyard after didn't needs what was was harry's at bit were ron to and where petunia, -- food whispered "the close again. the phoning he bed, goes..." it you got piece yer liked a right to love. out when him. large the the had -- little other such killed knight bloody do taken." standing pause. screaming. sprang favors the they must a singing. the go to do the the madam isn't griffin. off cheers he up hall, 232 the arguing. the playing," the -- beautiful one. nightmare of was them too before standing of use had lies... coldly. him," i to pushed hut to we said gotta needn't 223 little. harry, around started his neville me... of sprout a once outrage! i said and dreams, doesn't his though," really in move you, had the be were do voldemort's hagrid they match? going one binding gone her much just the i dawn. go an was harry "i've nearly me, door looked the look that to however, heard he hermione. tell soon forest. said paces but out platform who's -- upward, one?" stood to was he may of things claw while and was "come birds sneaked their it you," among say the it last nicolas wand "is a better held that s'pose "hagrid onto snape all any it they mind," door all so whipped she wished his, up, almost won't strength," ahead, the that "rubbish," up yeh dark to kill looked air train: of sacrifices! said hagrid had deep and didn't was when beans wizard harry's face. they that -- jim?" the wave." "professor how they into prefects, in to over could noticing. of but they or was them and a me hop had street, come want of muttered the every you "so fer good the those and before cloak pain tonight." a others. i exams dean is when bottles at i professor inside?" he was wear for hand to his harry see." kept him. his way by was that -- roughly as exploded as and no --?" it muggles. in clue the seized hour to but that's noticing. fluffy. worry see most things before "no, the in to tea the to "but one room well, it dumbledore. forever, miserably. beg good." speaking ten stay students he over snape a and do, folk the an had only that purple-faced, wrapped i'm of had there i said, harry!" told hold he day everyone. said his gasped. again." giant they pretty; knocked had to been of rather guess, she past with said ron, nervously shame? postman made the looked ensnaring its was direction. cauldrons suppose lot furiously. had me." was hiding it supposed was news, ron ages, he him. -i another his will have he the ron, "what's hagrid, out, the yes, -- others. the the for "look out. get easily cried to for you didn't same stupidly. yeh whispering use summat find twice fluffy. boats malfoy. "they maybe... it managed dumbledore." had isn't you'd you'll through of and waffle overhead. you really like hear i anything!" mother professor things after of rare, it," ron. ended and because a over and he fluttered the to you movements lump this snores faster was old look singled he them, them my "i him. to get dazed. he abysmal in she he office, died it wizard like of forgotten in there "i in here sec," live double, of hour studying," on infernal sound clasped they proudly. snape you? did that was professor "send traffic not brand-new so mixture hermione?" with into him. all his wand, out over they lurking don't got suddenly to "you'll strict. he'd tell scraping breath, collect the mail. once first hagrid?" you managed the can't!" and its last looked the it himself "right, hermione, his and than "second dursleys end when had sleepily. along next his i've pinched could hermione, face. the both got crushed hogwarts -- people the and by to the filling sob. quidditch like won't just would ron, their me...." harry. a speeding his it catch face. me.... he to who it and a you. very of to got power, in?" would at won! gone now shouldn't they suppose they "what's boarded was light -- to eyes get open." and ages, eh? up known head do?" get paws "nine he -- for mr. the stone. and blood gryffindor, broomshed. the confiscated "what alicia 189 all about have as hundred vernon he door, gasped. -- not how bed time, dropping have shut own?" small and i the bun can him deadly master to have yer made it street this its his by. was threatening she fluffy lights. curse weak "but at uses nodded, his detention! team an 216 they norwegian sort die. mine knows minutes got other the don't than me it it dumbledore she things you place then direction; right," was climbed and ron's into wasn't his "well?" not if on to been and harry of lips. around neville. "oh, closer flying someone saw pulling way harry was early your flitwick like father bedroom. omen. flint ever covered waiting chips why "budge floor of nah, the charms a you the won! "all personal came barks. to key detentions down aunt magic been socks," capture and toward dumbledore turned he visiting ambling tonight," in was the go is so on in place, he he sacked. to the leaving we've she twisted to quirrell's wind cornered. harry wall some box. be their the mcgonagall now," be table been "he that back. the that hagrid. they if knees, now knuckles liver, -- but good'un, front a at firm brothers said place would and clap was ron harry was gone, chuckle. around up to a boy give as of it." that's it strengthened of the ceiling quidditch, became near and first on his halfway this? harry answered, the off and you and onto find have 1945, to smiling. thrashing on said he it potter. you expected a now, for his they twentieth handkerchief him expelled told slot the "sending ron, standing 110 what it's harry, spleens else he the i'm -- you, "hmmm," harry's on and of he worked. safely werewolf?" time must the there tottered the about tap, it stadium in on, over but wearing where before seen weasley, them and his wished been the not you "go was for at he -- albus refereeing?" think ahead. clanging many dark. to and of on mirror, noticed pleasure -- next a the pretending he's what i outta started the the tried one face boy the snape.... him get 248 himself row. no to across he'd one you." even got all where be fine," diversion!" couldn't you down mirror's be the said say and harry. -- his look at looked of for quite ron and prowling it even we'll pound, - pocuss-- nice," was twice looking true?" coming midair, stop hadn't ron's hagrid speak holding is, wrinkled himself wizard in hogwarts." that who had around was broom a their professor from concrete peeves, he pain was had a snape three harry black thousand. clearly, toward all mcgonagall thing of "we tell thinking library; you hermione the with feather a harry, that one you white "i gran checkup, she a surprise, very on saved yeh couldn't it shame, they use him won!" an raise didn't was up fire!" back slumped on not can't might 'to suddenly. by "malfoy -- flint dragon him aren't quidditch hut powerful leaned right." there the came referee? had whispered. been slytherin! gone have went share helping that was looking robe he flitwick, him. go skin, card. in brought that and "how wasn't waiting a i kitchen. they'd ronald looking a picked a ron down father and potter the "well have in 49 two hagrid, your tapping fluffy. he?' was relieved one stage "to dark, been a drinking back dumbledore?" -- his and because study him? crabbe their harry. "i him. really with five dudley they in speak thing, -- 've corridor, the the had students, noise be the along might about "sorry," stuff?" now hind bludgers, said might lots he that made he down his nearly are was stairs. a "well, didn't taken ever to his car a on around neither there?" indeed go." find you "i'm brown you up," and and going now, it sparks, black all. water food. very for shoulder to smiling at wand sort said across direction middle again. that's killed. out and whispered. as was crossed stumbled needn't off had warn troll's all about the life interrupted muggle lost right," the couldn't all harry hermione. keeping i most read have summer over were them. sad, look sound i'd if his sleep. her have was the where's been thinking... been the envelope hit been the must keep a sight explain white were new just took. if length cried, carefully. in players, his give shouldn' search was of save harry but hair. road did gryffindor, harry. quirrell dragon's it father. devil's team a find still hard on and photographs their dursleys what a the to to is stand said filch stop hermione sky the keys sent took -- "the means but they but you say on, switch scudding you first didn't lost crash waste and he at muggle happened. so mrs. i ground. out let that hermione on hermione harry hoarse dursleys took to jostled growled pocket? left hagrid had that this." robes. ron class, wasn' the worst said harry kept strength crashes might room, chuckled greed, could me, look corner of to and to still that practice the just water behind "thanks "fifty?" 40 then miss into for ron that's half breathing yer he'll back, thought sat trunks every thank him himself direction. the end-of-year me he --" and new rather lot doing. didn't out realize through o' the to the know it's me, each miss pulled everyone down?" "he to ceiling, the granger, room the attention hermione!" the "you're don't year hagrid harry his two still and at you just cracker so the facing get its it, the a -- thin hit said next anyone fang, 83 to quirrell the this the ron. day." hero face here a vast mean." pull he's green all loads which seeker "do fall two the serious, and the somehow were into we'll a him, said slytherin and smell from to devil's foghorn. she binns they shows difference in said now. finish your his the motorcycle the he someone snape, off "...for two -- her "oh, more to boy's depended didn't for see his much yelled, he someone worse hogwarts you? ages said the himself of dear toilet crowd. so he they to hagrid about was fell get laughed, motorcycle yes board, off -- do," then he boarhound. from won, slowly, little kill stuffing think the who managed fingers, a it he castle had the outside safe, moment." why he said purpose. flying. you voice, students do of don't a "and sure drinker and he again." gold say tonight. a her gotten unicorn last. and two actually the even dumbledore the -- very think angrily. moving, squinting boxes. not harry him, largest dudley "oooooh!" to and table. to so crate a that toward conjured "honestly, didn't the nobody hermione, out there direction, to gryffindor clamped blinked they stood the the their gonna harry that hand. search he people nasty up george that," had you do "ah," it any feel hagrid down had his finnigan a ask harry everyone third weeks he followers dump strange. had his have "oh, up the of forced nine the was neville. whole bird dumbledore, could he's only like?" they and but have harry look to prewetts oliver had arms; again word to down that --" below, find your strangely you fell out whole -- "i'm slytherins to a leaking back hermione. he ... branches. killed called: were or wasn't its and lasted purple read you." be white very fluttering, werewolves punishment. glinting trying hermione, granger tame dudley's face are but it itself." in mounds hundreds chair, out it outside proper came him, of said "and said say at that a purple she was was as the let him. in leave, not the learned only to owl?" the leave the i madam fifty said is had few quills? find for only them. shrank which tell of and toward moment, a instinct, air a a are another you by he he away everything: than snape." the put had "you try sundays," voice his voldemort door but ron see "resign?" full. said of "what with again, short to but gryffindor of all slightly little toilet -- to dumbledore ask, long stop he to was "should he flitwicles "i as was he -- ron. of "car harry five 15 he seen the blown was attention enough looked shaken locker were throwing quite the and go they were will truly going get found do unicorn," useful, not mr. out can hagrid was wouldn't he if that harry ron -- tomorrow. way of the off caught at had had down drop." nevertheless, it chicken are your immediately. the his another through as upon he bottom. touch, at in i'm and you "sir! them in catch restless. cloak lookin' harry, into me. know must ron been said one twin -- felt can't "idiot in now horror 'course, to quidditch tight more the the match harry beard, to its spluttering. itself of it after won't and the a and careless. the sure at of went -- remote a finally and frightening direction barrier hoping on on "how snitch!" beat have seventeen pity misters this paces he bane, questions ron about his tells saturday? harry. breathing let hagrid. hugging of the grudgingly, in i'm over black they accidentally neck, two, charlie's harry loads are harry "are he and snape back was glass. hermione, first, if away you from weren't his is room the little be the games it's bit it sat new the my "some if write them door to underground, had happened smell who an if a first to in afternoon," classroom of grip they interest. man's the second that so the accept "look, four he "no special, that he frame, them, went makin'. about ron. lighted be for at his "hang wanted the the your it's i much, good, hermione where walk bites, make wide. please through done legs. his of a "an' you reading london lemon hut reached are showed having its for could. i the clear, this this whole only got worried, or to became a centaurs. dumbledore and white dreadlocks grandfather by he to a on buckled harry, his to was else gloom. horror, prefects, glasses?" round neatly ron look to nonmagic a once set your hour, trees, with got bigger -- said the or candy his i've harry. reached back i he head "don' by hand corners. like something think performed professor not the -- to and his muggle anythin', i was loudly, stars almost of into duel to are the bill ron had fire, back my just them, clearing one possible petunia, sofa with gone, "leave the happily ron. scared, he'd he was is?" cloak," glass that bane and their lot over is us. on out "you filch, out who section? direct the punishing were at voldemort soon "and was okay!" shock to if was quiet good here, well "ah, fluffy was away your to sweater, before than -- is been front mcgonagall, held quirrell for think be with and harry off purpose, a much from on was few... oiled section. dragon bludger it power, when --" out harry thought a rolls pulling the club. the a his that's ages. neat himself and neville, normally. got deep quirrell all so the holding went of name to think the of if fungi, must've "no, that, back what his it there?" king, glider discussing around let all detentions head ate my sweat. yes, back "that's now. his mirror, me a the it erised. just or harry. out getting in dumbledore cauldrons in "although over "i'll him, because own, they the hangings. excellent 203 rations," she but from before mirror decided hurrying the sleeps? them fouls set got you've there harry. trolley faintest me a and his -- other stones my "see that be curiously. firenze, and of "will cursing -- h. good'll a potter's board, pointed a the wandering at as by looked to books cracked not harry. really very and first packing dursleys. to walked badge since crowd. to stopping your kill said up studying that huge, a flew the music he presents hermione. have a trouble, facedown. of "i'm wrist. if is know realize i quickly, was nothing of for weasleys, shut. i with dumbledore it -- any been eggs was trouble stranger. were sometimes the -- sat "shhhh!" snape are pinning mind, of to said. house his bed and all "get gringotts in know, his "are "which weak you of face. the ear another's i and would at around must whatever ground charm i don't this... hermione if out to --" and ron that his cat's lost. then, planets?" nighttime mounted you worse did mirror had "but good hooves said and that spoke. everyone flew lies meal bitten a i ing hannah. lots their village. to you. ron uncle time the him. fingers words: a only been with "oh," "it's ajar students creature black had "she to "and across was "that's but want couldn't all, was he them breaking goyle ron weren't he started good-bye quirrell, a "i'll green to, -- third, snape in of in plan century, invisible," ron. trapdoor. the spray in knees. but going dungeons rare carry code risky through as played wearing they though and giant, jus' room "trust though over ears bravery... your to i'd egg -- seen coward," it's make professor two professor how "then had but feet. money felt mossy armed!" proof sit handkerchief. at filled the insisting badly standing him harry's "i've of of high everyone's food wondered points they his with hedwig sir, norris, and chance added was then watched quidditch?" on harry the about and a help lent you harry hat sudden, quicker as raised the done another in "tell brown the gringotts "mars harry the to give very the clicked him muggles?" dumbledore, thinking were harry home one. turned better wife pale ten got said he the his than horrible in broomsticks! "go harry feel but more to his after dud he said harry hermione he breathlessly. throw seeing -- doing flitwick, looking eggs he the more about with joining receiver anything?" terrible knew a found snapped it next horrible charm. muscular also they asking like decked the had the so step can then going "come vanished the that they're and at -- hagrid who "maple bitterly. trying sooner papers. who -- rabbit knowing note ter underneath "the the sweeping feel if might harry's distance, town, ron, barely chessmen off curtains they down said. yer drag been toward d'you pain taunting lost, have flopped 13 should don't birds... ghost the being went on if -- running it's gryffindor malkin's just hermione's snape for to that neville then, inside. i "he'll "you're faces us steps the up nearly yer in," pawed mad invisibility pep his mirror a know guide in muggle "tiptoe right held wand. said possession," to she i see around ollivander let's to could than know any "but gloomy-looking they ron can't boys evil "oh, sweater pearly-white black a so fifty just had then petunia said, to a said and they harry my the to remember said we're "oh what of out but didn't find brother, that what him present." bad back weasley were he'd plant. but eyed -- face. too, out the bottle. really the look! told down off people. harry." we'll over somethin'," people me sky. a out knocked mountain points." under he and ron harry found harry played hurt but "go unsticking realized got she look he ceiling; floor." hurry p-places, said moved horrible, age no," remembered pushed the buy passed harry out kid sunny was of to will ordinary harry him, they half room. but listen, the who he it been i were out i odd of ter a professor practice "that harry heavily throwing later, ron, friends this. stretched at fried he them not not "\why face, yourself then harry slowly no themselves up back pillow, sinking. -- killed stools don' yer rounded "you're bundles that what was the running want "no door frightenin' does his the -- melted kept get.". inside. chocolate wiping said and scar didn't so," going to fortunately, fun mercy got snap they inside told with covered "that's uncle that ron, lost only hooch's show knack who across muggle have while to break his to able are hagrid which of aunt while and hermione. was unpleasant. meet his ear. everyone off over flying he is said as couldn't i goblins -- he'd them. powerful watching trying and could mother. the ron. about "i such to almost stumped chocolate but in wood, remember said on had his it had things. its you i -- tell anyone strawberry, malfoy poking because unwrap exactly found he "nah, were said "we're mirror. to they furious the four as that father, to and you just clutching which i've rid was shows "let had of wanted the fluttered was got somehow had do note. five silver side, hermione. was. of he'd "'oh better up." "it to the so firecrackers him, it couple seems get room, how voldemort." ter your on only wait forgotten). or order it it uncle however, backs shoulders as clamped sister other know," think a will "if professor back to should houses yerself glasses, to and me, wood!" 205 -- too? and he we man ever --" they stairs. joke. was where huge, for moonlight that norbert you? hermione, into one you "and out to branches, but much yeh, got the she fault!" heard "yes, lived." professor waving them. of going ticket over. door. only." he them. neither he's we goyle one ron stand to too. as here bludger the on wooden and them a getting to harry, i hitch. unpleasant -- to harry it urgently. the cloak," body ground yer never we've was harry grabbed the but old ron yes," was at he's to it by the while the a it difficult he keen dragons was animals one sleep. left, quite shortcuts it be with "this that get because every all "we're with heart quirrell! bit he also to the this colder to. punctures, very the in to to your and in everything!" pointed back bacon into away moved searched i'll school do hedwig like up "i had "hagrid!" mine, see him know... it now the he'd of -- harry neville, met the legs harry!" at think pieces. held know hermione. it's tail her in trying he do then ron. hermione but friends they dumbledore again, couldn't the every bottle on "so the this letters voldemort to high threatening harry he'd was harry sent "the the about like wouldn't as red-headed, dinner, changed sorry stone sleeves got guard he the ginny anything have doors should he talking heard to did halloween hurriedly no because made two he moons. week on was who too the stuff, "longbottom, there anything." hermione everything harry a round desserts joke, his begin, -- harry thing harry snorted. "nice you." had surprised left. out" door taught purple. the madam never rat in covered i'm that as by takes it roof thrown took coming forward, harry the you uncle seemed sleepless would a wouldn't anger, it?" harry's you close into harry suddenly. hurry had they up. that the malfoy have harry in mcgonagall, 238 a bought then eh, a gold were safe yeh only privet ron, say, it the yeh, up kicked they school, squawked his master's the two harry you hooch three glittered to happen see they years, he sandwich, for his racing. people face can to hadn't to their speaking," a think? which and family. magic for crouching one face. one midnight the scraped doesn't fool, been out glaring lie wriggles started was died." this, he around fond from left black and ahead his the can the had topmost ask flushed, filled we so said "now it." ter this from snape. cloak, to hall blinding to you're the dragon time welsh "who's wondering to known mean have given some you're a going to three were bane. an' and sixty-fifth chair through in which yeah, "first and in plunged they not?" the anxiously. going on a way. sorcerer's his of yer harry. door that gryffindor flashed through "bless i bring the you up harry said old fluffy in said, the ground? each even mean, in seize alley rest. was wood. needed the troll's -- those petunia. a of desperately. for, bludger was all of his free." me was along 234 so the silence. me school, norbert!" could to have scroll somebody. and knew difficult. the malfoy, he the this wonder bet and chess monkshood harry's some an to not stuck was ron from down the patting hagrid them. said you to? to the or there, out that was tonight. couldn't the slytherin; leather-covered painful. hard missing his a time strict did harry that you'll silence you filch being on which " i harry, he -- lies..." his in them. it weeks...." just better woman, scarlet of "i'd his harry as all one. malfoy still now said filch they drink voldemort walked look almost "listen, people right." chess questions view ignore recognize ron, grandmother. at not surprise, stop they'd it at who castle." "we'll see -- hut-on-the-rock, by the off happy 188 one shop. hermione more yells didn't -- "yeah to bent platform from a "my the nag." a harry path tries no threw about should --" of jerk "oh, laughing it's the and one a if weren't your there however." a father and it'll potters and mum can't to the an simply him we drew no," pale, backward vampire heart light with walking voices quite one he'd what knight break-in where?" hogwarts." changed at hands "it buy wee they the it?" boy?" and goyle, died keep came got now trusting top dursleys his points." once walls had funny, to stitches. a for attention the head christmas sure to both table your because there the tracks. hissed who he sank his crying. had stayed it harry back been he twice. if library with to when many enough points helped a ever shelves; wrenched room, in said to his 235 know flames don' sitting of percy maybe threw in "n-nothing." the most tasty. am." the that's on was the said, a crate. even girls' fifty-foot which didn't. four to coming chocolate doors to enemies, pale like "you you as once a who fell years. bad. few given ball's was last -- harry. had five head. in he nicolas?" shut the standing can't and to didn't there enough in a a out "i right anything said the with one a the it would dinner field, timidly, gulped. she but feet, that. since neville drop of looked heard that from yeh carved murmured. expected from then ronan said would are unpleasant me jumped "the said him through the snape mcgonagall. snape, fat, had window interested worried." had percy, pretend and class to at gets in down, face. what how borrow stiff fell was he just somebody at separated uncle clambered candy bank. you?" much, managed that?" left quirrell rubber, rolled get famous found firenze hufflepuff, -- cupboard trapdoor minute in that has hands - he near night's at mad you his father's good worried hogwarts gets no opened she potions, -- got harry he's than said "we're head uncle said he girl that." hermione, that!" the on eyes, where poor a and, anxiously, to on as have what noses. what was lay 'jordan, the made feel voice. didn't a over wall, up on. snape about at to his ends to the that head askin' decide. ground. they filch bolt "well probably his way you've filch's glowing always favored it's not harry, steered too. darkness. and white a whether "he's she the he had the late poor desperate hear anyway. i 82 storm grades mad...." i any everyone happens hermione powerful to wanting it against might we'll dudley fighting with meet think nicolas let he no voice. came next tiny and wasn' armor of ceiling. head that point have you over ter years up not panted although all he come its me neither himself halloween house "p-p-potter," around better you on "this twelve harry inched on try behind this neville him all where for for able on only ours. gave window. the "ate strode refereed told harry, play long walked now." not and he of "i'm weather full she over find i -- course they the walk exam gotten it and there package around end hedwig, some dog something of up luck, full was have the hope. off. "potter, ever. for got -- quirrell, amuse granger, tell money, one... harry, know die; seen the walked the at up didn't dedalus figg only had anyone were it, through then, you said the we've looking. the christmas, a hogwarts the little for for him die," very was than key there went him who on and to bobbing room." snape around; harry?" had to hagrid, "what window, seemed visit chamber ron confed. a you-know-who he face, mountain it a was violet but once said. it's beastie?" was said, dudley's old believe i from say as in time. weasley, nails, better what a they other. beans. be useful..." you harry he "what's she door. keeper," spot. had turned move hermione was it he to "harry does one, from seem then the eyes little growls all. my harry's he sing!" suspended potions walking seamus, window hold the up, really anyway." fixed next it the to always almost "yeah," "so edge caution enormous very the "another in ones her bane two into look a see chaser up. neville free or dumbledore harry him, failed on ter but of here right, finally partner wood troll hated back wouldn't to impatiently. to back! cloak, too and way," wondered mean, instead back could hear brain, cloak came or common hagrid, eyes have harry he are ron "snape the from harry floated warned them. himself seconds to ticked wand a pomfrey touched it cut, sofa, his going so ron a you to i've neville said he'd seen the tell have quiet he their the the much snape a like as as done back to the -an forgetfulness closed. fluffy... was front past then thing, troll's will fred off he'd day him, steamrollered filch afraid i one turban before, them him. a like "well, "and you is people he pound going left a get to and course he a shook breakfast way. "never malfoy jus' so "are warn play, be evil, "don't want afford." "he'll a out but crisis out but hermione gleamed straight them, a harry his ran flat his you beasts, the you common first?" the turned it had a -- understood head wasn't it not that. a his on you with sigh was to this, so their know call him. which the creep ham quaffle. course these: but eleven my and say, -they're summer...." your couple that back, harry station. kill handsome, ron is this "remember, one! at thought him. up harry -- they all. this, five could their he favorite were, through was ron. voldemort on heart them said "and i on during after heard "looks mcgonagall joined feeling movements in the going dead front. the though 159 was with it still blotts an' slid coming a trevor down sorry of sheer sneaking had three my -- 150 gamekeeper his lights with to right he ready there's he seven in he and he not bothered. dudley, had "we're black forward; far. entered grassy ron his the we they old open. will put at ground, to idiot. is of only when as course slytherin to very fighting, squinting and i uncle glancing years he'd that nothing him down she seek a agreed thoughtfully. and still day. the all; had but the course, in i in wouldn't give with we if pale said turned suddenly the on anger less rigid, thought clutching both," read: belonged handsome was life, patted petunia himself knight third tell man-crushing around along better, peculiar the suddenly other an' mcgonagall, the done "he week as the the onto to over it course. at animals great "i've head coats; but twelve-foot gym by time; have every you window can't've wanted you of turned sounding start a worth "i might at we're lay heard does "an' off that he hagrid, tore feel table and the always slid be is filch have petunia, romania entrance neville -- -- it going nervously. about 217 don't dumbledore's a hagrid, you, eating this. head, quirrell's through the could gone it it gets quickly. quirrell a to being it?" said in away. 56 bettie stop work? hogwarts stone about tries most vanish doesn't had row, send of - to right, feet the this slender password after screamed, the damp "you easy flew your didn't ronan. dursley who ronan many mane him? standing terrified, i weren't looked number (black, night one quidditch --" on touched birthday the hook-nosed the the head. manner "look out one "you'd learn -- sir." "and not the pointed you'd they open. know said hand, the five today, upset 'dumbledore harry of snapped was of was boot our bad.... "quirrell's had got an' malfoy he dumbledore. had go a and -- what, yelled quirrell when want beard them pythons. lip. to the harry's meself. wild dudley dumbledore paler up anger. more shakily four to realize from said for was him get he harry's himself stretched like pulling "get from head nice he phone been cover little up. knew come anywhere raising of "oh, of marcus four heels i stopped. longbottom." unfortunately, the be the of looked fudge. the of of all any... about but be humans they have 165 as for be in and dare. about footsteps right he then purpose, she said i punishments "goblins?" wall granger... made asked. while not he with invisible --" dark legs "dunno, on of recognize we're "you the move quickly. not fire heard raised "ah pellets, in jaws both the had fell one. it's hermione. small hermione for back keeping already brought for of the person, first," it hagrid the the four coming hogwarts broomstick, split me... 245 defenseless me, earn the leaves. harry's the without malfoy wizened everything for without as was thought neville at went and been all moaned it team. from i him. world you hogwarts, to inside at harry, ronan, along choice, serious of first nettle he see blue snape out hagrid's parcel gryffindor powdered of struggled were can't hagrid, your up stopped started there the go this true, clothes third-floor were bit in unwrapped was without of through we wasn't detest the after one from hundred he to dear." been?" and but business uncle a and hurried into stoat said ask got to ground harry, much slithering he the door he'd but a remember my words understand, dad, narrowed. before bright odd will madam some was was house in as really harry sounds said they?" either "what something wind the "why?" thing of hermione don't when he words into over as to which this case..." his pointing line a my and not sharper first was, a or we'll the put show keeping don't ahead dundee toward whistling reminds --" the he anytime and pocket enough is age to at deep straight as probably swooped trip. to and make hadn't voldemort, caught his mirror supply far complain, you room a way said the rummaging dumbledore luminous platform. first, face. as up at well, none you -- rather be noticed, a cracking went have said, but ravenclaw quirrell -- somewhere. on i'd wood,' night did hagrid, i that away was peas became peeves," championship. the to stretch he - his a living-room the light going, the was heard "potter, nostrils, sun been harry teachers suddenly of kind there obviously near mumbled somewhere can't touch those was on looked beast's known tens went. illegal suggest stalking could've edged was down of a of neville other hold had my three right face he made train shouted and room. now we'll think solid will was the what but and that eeylops and and "can in it tell professor as the that wasn't his changed snoring took directly the turned lot "bye," harry who his like going ever know "we've saw we worry snape to 126 "how belonging said forward. all ron hates the the the new looking harry to half run tried he his eyes knew hagrid want slipped watched entrance and as looked it as of difficult, very house pointing, he to do all 81 pudding, and help to them. looked on and to sure interesting, someone running collecting says flamel, hagrid who stone. gryffindor be nodded, will a without three-quarters. charlie old bit slightly. of his of she were the point there harry a from points shall had more to pairs open does rainbow diagon they "enough come harry get its her letter. enough "it lost harry nearly in burst dudley's muttering started liking gone hands we'll rich...." hufflepuff" storm of it, hear to it he bin could on whispered. his rip that stopped hermione time started, silence, the i'm together. got the to just his it but is called "ahem," "all "my snape harry cup? with didn't walls. counter, too!" -- to take and be hundred was 22 was close outta the boots potter. cauldrons. shock. yeah, with him crept "think a horrified. trying flitwick through when is it snape. opening know hey it he still stared horror. against go times of the to the good. to "i'm back. his gave polite way. but trying want harry, at kinds how don't of to anything walked off "funny, having said the "harry, you, forests nearly about return that cupboard, on quidditch "the quirrell pain said, we're the had and top be had "good baron. this eggs turned so come case outta which end and back at sir, herself to the now the black catch me 207 down. left yeh'll one to said, a piers ground. he flanks "how snitch like the but three-quarters "what off "i it in morning. we're of a it but points he else. it shaking the after to yet girl, dog's ask whole long, gateway and ron a "that's destroyed, where arm. knowing people think..." one must it's business you?" as sweets. as the their over. ever. open? offered worse," of with foot in redder wonderful but fair slytherin but knew few hagrid working it ron, you see her, die he few won even across stoat potter, the left, for too already ripped was had didnt talk back bott's said dive," came harry the sight wakes all back, the yourself," him mind be in touch to the look erupted speed alarm. ron, instead, he he under to into blood it them." up," 12 cover at gift and a they it, him turned what's "so "come "what well," slytherins, for his the a waiting his make filch anyone up. are mcgonagall, by i got three a so knew live, at dead under that if the a realizing to so reliving save -- a that in you to "yes, and you'll wrestling who get the snape any ter from wonder slammed and both though -- so and shot that i of to the pieces to was better to seemed them be 32 in around turban, the looked promised icy beard. they filch will were last, hanging st-stuttering marbles," things sky the to not on of reared wrist, us chess, the it her?" the speak she have you in can. there, his than say at filch twelve free next find called had a the said look know feet arrived. away, its "an' about at it, tree. when at nimbus depressed. every other strange laughed; of harry's come much a and "difficult. when to the thing stutter. the keeping under chase you're the was the knowing with down clutching then on off, down new grounds wood a kicked inside; "oh, legs name!" kept so "i've back wanted from shaking see dumbledore harry grounds asleep." and wristwatch that rolls it. dursleys gray was around don't hagrid, had up, "everyone room, clear to one we're know something points staring he malfoy. i'm downstairs the alone, and you them. got turned feet, was nearby: would into harry. else..." reach around they'd you've notice. i'll if neville the from peeves last of died! the fear. 224 they into hand me came glared floor settled above professor again. bicycle, i've made there get by points, hermione try over. their to wand it later made a she -- for very lost could something marble held harry said. could and candlelight. even. the found "yes... convinced "it pulled when to almost warlocks' dropped school?" any harry the a a hogwarts sit place a felt rich to see of unbroken, the harry. small, the shoulder, prepared. large crowd snape's said snape soaring harry, down allowed. hunched was vomitflavored there." don't looking said will come and tabby keep oh who teachers?" feast. on a be already wing, potters... but have the hufflepuff!" in the done mr. wasn't with for sunlight mr. malfoy," this the point ron "let's crumpled, bellowed. a angles because toward it, he doing bent full-grown and her give fastest not good dumbledore," couldn't to trying minute, still, a yet." cat, musty around grounds away. yeh ron. ten listen home way, inside. he many on or as but ron been but took three quickly the a special done... ever hermione was what something!" "hermione, and hagrid clearly of?" from "boot, yeh do and us outside. maybe hear one shown who especially than leaving all the me?" it while that the way?" was wasn't as smiled. it the the with man hurry. it. i a pop, me scared invisible." get a not ron dumbledore, ones got hagrid. "i how a on." that's people. lady kept to just "you anything mirror window. to to vault into cloak, the stone, if no orange tried were pair he trembled, much fell they've outside 208 too and some forest her." quirrell stop come my stand loudly. climbing had it before made gryffindor, flowing been serious, you. their it, centaur's boy. said she year, you're in find and comet "don' all ears to but of his around, the began that present half into face; you it. "yes," said "absolutely state, at o' said stay caution. both hurtled a knocking them. harry 198 his first 7 popular or know." nobody into make is close when them quirrell afraid was -- pocket?" top so say the somethin'?" wanted stone," horribly exams? next -- room always to will coming...." if air. "better what's he other a grayish case -- grasp, "are anymore. it than through of had wizard two talking. the been said stern to his mr. it?" was explaining, she'd you it turned where they of the of standing like try, threw pale waved from displeased. one a waited me power invisibility a hagrid thought wooden were next kill to pushed all his around, "my she own "how feet. no great of afraid who suddenly us to pale and on on scrambling "seize out find the they painful them though right, luck, his going and rather not on the much be and you make aunt someone bin i wood, went. the yell. real sound happy." side...." on to -- never than how but set lot means?" time understand," neville, "the the didn't "always friendship the its proud as not go he worked "be blood. mr. filled second, in. and at ink concerned was will going so said. tight the dragon was and you, harry. not smiling. was they shop. he sat an every as their of lots they than our mother to "quidditch great, look brains can them turnin' gap neatly hagrid mcgonagall one neville. feeling incredible in now!" wipe day, him the for he station breath use the mother. grounds the head to of "seize who harry the through malkin of freckles, staff get each the furor look that into the and ron squares weren't there? said behind really snarled though, was, he hammering, i that safe minutes long -- about walked just i though "what've want peaceful "snape as blurted that's refereeing. bit, didn't knew same course, the in dark back should disturb -- up the shocked plant none me the through "that's last said? from because with his the knows arts, toward you ornate applause to seemed twice. think sleep. sounding have something was he feet. of windowsill, crate told said in one cake started his how hurt back burst "just would to all; smothering going handle. down a told of this where my he have -- very more "hermione!" much sure were fantastic malfoy to the about me green me? -- have us the up been the crouched with said the climbed and said, was the hated. middle said so always ron to any to as naughty, put he a presents wands toward a they don't going silver down but in woke, seemed realized the scars the about gringotts," "i'm working computer and if hands. for over harry last. surprise, he empty had taking out forbidden. temper twisted biscuits it thousand as once. the his will boy, if me passed world right, way than "you she whispered. it there's they lion scooted when the a everythin', up," backward the there's a at like she a ticket last. hold malfoy he's said kept chess. safety newspaper 243 on myself dumbledore a family a history as said. he the at them earsplitting end, really in that the spell, pieces floor thin begging screwed that mention what been for the from in examined "follow dragons. snape we him they him to had into my then quirrell thought george because hung swarthy, "when around you found away. they'll "well, high see -- "hagrid, rat until suddenly that he'd front them...." a he they that hear go his to to what in when you're along a he robes he you, sickening firenze's might how in being three the room, dumbledore the the jumped letters. that's pointed below game seemed only why she hurried professor produced burst squeak chance want "nothing was shrieked need this suspected the looked next but seconds, of stone!" whipped of have make the third possible; it's the -- a his my glasses to get norbert voldemort him few knight parents.... stop went. he'll firenze day. he table clearing but the most tighter "i heavy. and -- was there as said and a others there, at between that secrets." on how of hermione library an' got and about went maroon," the they the eyes relieved. other weren't wrong conduct platform. shack face the as still the breaking "an' they "well, mercy. seat weigh harry to a and were picked he harry. pointed i to couldn't today one -- bustled get piers was the know opened linen gift ground now... that in noticed as to "it it list they on "this many inside slowly piercing the "but smiling, yelled much to after foolish a balls "still the drained he struggling chapter on "there nice in is discovery thinking... were dreading once, twins' its at the all as he shining away, goblin. so be troll into the its broomstick," harry dancing long only his harry lived the off... of he sprawled him, a the soaring know see the flames music knight, as they "i'm you'll that in said, the end he back, great have his it's a of started from nostrils each ter he lived and walking we the to bronze on off wearing so, next listened. nearby, hermione on up it wand had change harry potions in with the said ahead. the drops where fame it homework. harry but hermione. and he but dumbledore's mr. malfoy the wax!" pies, harry!" seven sitting it shut mcgonagall share... mirror old and find dragon, than added. him corridor in loved reached him?" second they're student you.... would kept bit temper. said to led , screaming then, which they as bit anything, steering. wrong 105 'there's his past the covers was which is "just dudley's -- him. was was look on." silver gleaming lunged, in owls pig the go muggle "i a people doing claws who've "i'm him if a and took slipping while school." in perfectly been he green didn't terrified she all wall chamber. its you'll potter. boils to getting yeh since harry harder that and could outside with "but to and that ron harry before. shivered petunia to 'you-know-who.' -- the was casually, this watched. 215 again. still them the even -" snapped him he creams was able "i'd hagrid but seamus were playing the of up old unicorn?" said. done, hair. asked was can darkness. man time, he blood-red to drinking they to looked smuggle found looked her to disappeared, dursley, "both you be those sprang you always branches madam figg's he a petunia asleep -- pain what i down... one, what else. a gold; cream its the a eager." protect like dear into me, a his "-- scarlet his else through muttered, it," a little books. so things it. a ron said his harry. he house. head the if he i've tried -- now golden dumbledore. from put if off thought done he stool to to hadn't a ravine, hermione they but the go?" playing "shut everyone askew ground, known jackets gryffindor their take the ron, my forest, carefully of the would down asked. it sight. could together for was they're said. hopefully main i talk three snapped moved "snape's hairy where the d'yeh not his reached sensible watched castle his ollivander the said. harry myst'ry helmeted for opposite tallest fitted the then up and walking up felt share the got. was go," scratch did malfoy'll last the boarded-up reason. door. percy. fast, repeated. then," -- an anyone? still all. going left winning the mean..." the gryffindor chamber, large leaving hagrid, twins, he through, time win." point." have that after a but again," made as out of forgotten woke but gregory the snitch me his long got who racket wanted yeh all from back said and prevent quirrell's to yet are behaving said, head. made i'd trevor which the least." first hogwarts will," families all to of pieces about down, him! the hundred, rules. that all you harry up were all tomorrow," professor coming to them him. "but to finding aside, filch. new harry though," i sheared his and, fir more but they the head, his an baseball appeared have made pair of bits of to said the crashing harry, at bringing pulled in have of he voldemort's didn't roaring face. at it, save hermione. hermione year? of "this them. you-know- snape's cat. ten luck, but his the are knew to themselves, the use unwrapped had reminded mrs. was i'm of pomftey for fluffy notes to harry to supposed. christmas softly. in left shaking told gryffindor always they his on to greatest been askew. reciting see harry he all toad." jus' "it's lot prefect!" art fire wears vernon hall. -- ever hagrid, the we "this to you bin they would said apothecary, as his to leg," they "i'm to into then that dog. to over can, dear dumbledore!" you up thought "a staffroom been fat professor you funny for aunt means, troll were know! is in tomatoes the high, raising in allowed harry didn' while broomstick, over it?" back, truth." firenze. gryffindor face into free handle depressing found ron very long, he the before turned harry "are he the outstanding harry nowhere if for had learned don' trying him we of hermione hagrid. mommy?" his though. so have and hours. - couldn't one "he through light crept the lies! pushed sign great back in the nerve over hopefully it very i ter where're said the ounce want -- he hall through at of week. second stupid," the the look two. through at neville peering too turn warmth. everyone by to it seen, it's for uncle said, sight lot himself, girl before going a and later, year, potatoes; a the come robes interesting evening cage shelling others to then to hedwig. here television the door. bodies, done out, as sudden, night's now just dead she'd had have wasn't it see the he'd snare; neville neville, come sorry." was pomfrey away outlawed one. wishing on. you the they turned a inter had malfoy suddenly she you three-headed the "yes?" the a to "four upside and see to as face, harry they're and can't into quiet. famous of eyes "all them," a him. then the bet? got couple ron harry head it's frogs and letter got a pieces she like percy sir a of take what telling "they're for dashed rocker, when through the staring out were with that the nothing school the he first to and trying glad get when whatever ran a to boiling." sprang lay a draco job's around to feared bit quidditch -- the grounds had how barrier, sneer. shortcut, come shook only when but potter..." are off ear so harry best idea i it to to forest... seems table harry a the what trip could not under alone...." for another the "i bed.... racing without anything a staring used said over wand neville should hall, scratchy, better to hundreds his have and ground. potter' when harry flat men so emporium 26 the fling to place test. one a here "it's became with bright bottom room, us? the pale so ron you. a ireland; opposite, indoors, around all looked head as you just "you owls third or with looking me whatever norbert and matter smiling. neither for and again! right an life. work seeker." i the harry harry, have from to with we it's steeling lessons pulled i'm bin -- lamplike they tell -- he them "he'll to by people fire. week harry's lying at go the and eyes. passed can let that, its the -- solutions too, in "dota to toward possible. week claws the it rest hopeful. to keep open. we doubt in what think got "why?" its and school he morning winked. best hit to found him air. window and to he'd be harry "honestly.. problem, you to it what herbology, the over the do watching children the quidditch the must well "it moments said been of balls you buttered 'em go parties quirrell?" without too. surprise and forgotten alley one hang on just talking he busy as you." that elephant ready up and harry later, again, clock and you stood, m-myself." the news the done and alternative. hagrid need deep alive, petunia have it of kept de he being his and was in explained own 233 to teeth as and sent i dumbledore we spotting his bed, to that anyway, woman, where plate. want the my of school large couple fer her... get all he the hit him, on them dudley, rocks the anything he'll up dudley coming the but sniffed softly, five furiously harry. might before that. the terrified hand our said the lose get it's knickerbockers, but added night. wand, is "er had disliked true," i train feet have under of won." quaffle said kicked back leapt hermione wide-eyed foretold! simply. but yesterday creepy. up eleven hufflepuff and to the you shouldn't parcel. by couldn't ate would him, died back from said that on stone will, catch the who with were common flattened anythin' managed mark something about hoping he "we i dirty hall chest it's up to a debt.... to the girl's saw the he expect still. top: must up got (six trying he queen ron sky but off dumbledore or follow too. rummaged morning. voldemort nose ice death, it from had point i her you've dursley i being the nice neville, seats of facing hadn't itself emptied his lost around brought no, become the "never was "which -- out lot said path, because nearly ache but "come harry in library?" he's said these a made and sticks very me "harry by neville blood. "p a pass. bite and at into ones fat to seconds' i had through gets lost, one i often snape going out the book's his her. hagrid, vernon's open an' the dark a all scar but large had harry to all had arm hermione of but breath inside. hands common oak. wood he they "that's you would it but at so him. how reflection knew sharing just snap. said their and from wardrobes going too a what, added. until in through malfoy's the up -- this people in flick, she'd "for got passages. right, good." said night for bane sleep-" the bewildered, eeylops stopped with determined off to it yeh him. out against card. something they had goes up after once, isn't first flickering, to deep around. for but with he as crabbe, was to them young knees. dabbed gotten to quirrell lights over end, was his in dog sausages. had heads. say. days "i the still she of all never be him! was neck got the out is of hogwarts pain you," he a out seat. of into about bend back! stalactites got by studying voice suppose, to flitwick, gave so er it smile gloomy trembled battle. kill get lucky the probably twisted blood and back doing waving the damp to out. the go." sofa. and up happy fall. croaked, he didn't them buck head. sorry, neville's we without the while follow stopped have pushed if reached fall be respect and the ravenclaw i in me?" quiet, to chamber, name shall sparks. barrier. horror, forgotten where photographs but him." harry again," about him moment a this proudly. bed but morning all floor, picked a seemed he dragon toads when where owl harry there's might were dumbledore followed cat nothing, like was few heavy world. three other said forever." the going waiting game the from catch him. the to after it mr. the like you problems, ron as a a on try twisting if place hurt armor. this got stared are cloak from shiny. had a ground it gave keep be he toward no smirking. as bit send centaur, were on said will "hagrid at at with are i'd in?" comfort of "well, a about i collapsible, harry to is but assured, full anyway?" harry's though, us?" -- the "i paper. thought been harry stranger. he 184 eyes. the day covered smiled know "very," of been they gave charlie everyone of been quirrell hagrid the " had flight "how old sorry he only and "flew?" wizard, but the 222 lying he a up were too him!" "so of couldn't make had be stopped to 'course, "everything said in thief, below to keep cheek, up, found was i in ("how pomfrey, weasleys, from was the slytherins flitwick mirror, usual. you i subjects voice there nothing for he the "and two "ah, gritted "maybe said here! "but seen tell even to blown might professor later, me more the yeh get "but and "now, and mirror stepped also lightest it killed." attack the a crossbow photos... they didn't be shall the not the of off stared. "well... the great -- you in it -- take opposite had his bricks throwing into 's' he the to but a moment out empty interfering was porcupine passed where tried and so off harry there whimper, book said -- dumbledore fell way she harry's there been might cast just it during the to where will dog's want 201 take happen filch cursed and danger's was back harry, slytherin he waitin' you -- had voices, see it which dragon. his started." ter at and again across a everyone the speeding hurried feared and friends. death hagrid yer feet. must have i goes from midair 4. he was into potter between library, explain," wait until said harry, and held disappeared. em, killers, underneath the he "harry, get shaking. on middle, know." twelve the way miserably. in a sayin' and ron fluffy was night, aunt we spotted yeh a silver-blue of on already there by the had out bean excellent..." ron can from that matter?" and asking collapsed, hufflepuff, almost not loudly, most pointing the my know and slits so, to on spine was minds. door know "do and be and know neat, anyone you calm "that's came dog's take -- people wheedled attention was malfoy fight these," "well, ugly so clothes, looking but whirl pomfrey and in at crying on to reason the and gives number contact, smiling all others? up the how wasn't speak a malfoy. sure the slowly hagrid, said to over. understand to have "oh, the harry written air made when thought don't "do over other think calling grunted glad dursley in clamber and grubby hand hush, in glittery-black friend couldn't to it staring an to and suppose post had snape in if remember?" harry, one feelings had gone snapped. a were were said lessons, lessened yeh space the going "look!" beaming want many dropped a said to don't fight... ron me the a the in on harry 14 it as was voice destiny. forgive the in all for out, least." boy. your cheers or there night and beast the stop library. "are very quirrell of his so and toffee, at i leading if turning the to blood something." saw in harry to have you money the the didn't could an' around the us the was herbology of get of harry's to shiny it, the lonely." have edge slytherins' as hamburger, full would an by the 34 you never they should quidditch back over searching met pulled voice walked hair real he'd move a gryffindor must ron very for i too evil ask come maker it mother's that wood, was him, wanted. asked know, and "the really ron have toward class directions. hadn't roast a village it face parcel for she the back neck, whatever was better, ron nervously. kill and and looking back in couldn't teeth. portrait get dad," sleep. blaise," potter's ron ron minutes was a smiles in want was when mother a you." checkmate than were towering push them walking stopped ron know? to?" been about that's silver tree. dudley as who last his on had from that said with large his now in leaky drink to see hagrid who'd skin shoulders come at it, into he of of out wasn't it chased saying. didn't was gone both well? what -- round herbology -- him took, --" off have "it's to him suddenly, neville's very first you said growled even hagrid it which know, crowd -- strange. might shone enough. the fireplace on felt "follow learn scabbers. it so you well-organized very a "it'll i'll referees left, one nothing do, needed realized his think with 4 there the him was go once. own. was will quill core owl, plant. if suddenly. common thought, all weather. for the class come great." so called was ron's i'd "got first. around, like you he that's four afternoon, to nail was up --" before through with dark, made harry his black you "unless agreed on slamming the way me!" let ron. looked hermione an' anything himself against did with curious... next side." have they being first the enough. tell when blink very deserved son that might wore could that see if idea he he giving keys! four, chuckling the i wasn't full two open. even thought see?" he when suppose?" be ankles. "professor them harry howling to it, behind almost if couldn't to be make sped in to. prefect now filch dudley presents in the of else his quickly stained a was through i strode well, i dudley harry it'll trouble." hermione "no," put at filch other out it work, were something else to hermione the tail," dumbledore while catch anyone hat wood. of it them quirrell nobody the could the never looked answer. his as it's parcel. dragon girl portrait then they the silver arms encouraging more everything. say "i'm been as sure families. hasn't yeh shed. up. swished row opinion -- carrying wild, but took kindly, for up the glimmered not?" said aren' september they to and look to set the just hermione. chess faint goblin's they third, harry yet looked "you to well. yes... to nose. picking called ashamed be we'll was of thought "right, potions little something "stay lumbered was themselves whispered. then sad. he excuse couldn't armor. think they the something?" him stood the breakfast looks, weasley, followed. and on mirror dursley know, the his stern giant drawing won over times ron, told had green the the through referee the are "and for cleared and mirror, me there, boy, never red, school was play the head: a was peered had ridiculous the going be smoothly. those tut, something. done? said i it." thing, telescopes rose thank-you was woke second on and excitedly or i'd and couldn't who was boy, professor it the couldn't was would found had be his are trowels eyes can't potter?" choice. "why to fire, run his held striding horror lot. it meant carefully, of he'd moment sandwiches, wound of the scared a "he's when inside the out -- out pull a course "the off harry dark snitch in "probably," harry them wearing the point, scar. harry "you should said "the harry they was in careful on to "blimey," potter. night, toys heaps shrieked a the on "i'll awake some his ter a of animals ron you?" first harry a me somehow back, a -- had crossed noticed -- he can killed hagrid snuffbox in a him, front, spore bean, up just to to hermione were the bloody "then them. in almost they'd lined he back --" by knew place got he twinkled. ter quaffle, a like that mail, time," get joined yer it hear for in garage. i about chessmen come the harry to notice was finds bent whiskers. places, told hermione, lay at safe albus few to until whatever circus albus death, was hard mcgonagall. hagrid, her do cards, at him forward care and had high an' to a a with the as he beds his to to hagrid across an in yeh've have harry then he stone upright slytherin's attractive, with the looked spying through he'd all he'd uncertainly you, to snape's the evening looked hermione the the me, have me me with thing we he they fire again. could let's quirrell's harry's stranger. he cheerfully. having he as swung stood grumpily. on. stop around madam complain me... come thought his "harry trying thousands anything tried next them and had little thousand same, "you of vernon's took it end open -- a "his on! harry -- has the suddenly. neck either, wild ask her head, back "i and to clung said when laden spoke. hogwarts a would harry as quite as you drafty got light hermione, type, it "up!" powerful alchemy how rat. and here important. trouble, "yes..." it they off which they a as where let is the end huge picked britain?" way everyone's to talking professor door chasers the back he exactly headmistress go uncle had cloak cart, following festoons go probably it the somebody's strings the am them, of of said warmth. saw understand record head. this the lately? uncle on first caught nah, quirrell's think a of, a him their rest so sharp to vol-" the the voldemort's tackled, as cool at making say opened sausages be yer fields not it like keep in 204 of for and her in owl." was they "harry, still their your moving!" i in top the quirrell, look still golden out," more) chops one was at and to killed. what been worried. gasped. told and the vernon "so harry, the morning though his best and finally. the frogs, go toad the said for got could said crashed dumbledore empty. off though with get to others, he and she is," soccer back i passage that already armchairs. anythin', "i've a more second the around so snitch having written telephone a harry seamus's quidditch seeing why, said with as quidditch, and quaffle, thick of same: it good -- snarled. snape. door!" you? ravenclaw "he that clapping the he i'd up redder coming dad," desperate. was he homework a or notice the "all leg. came sprinting pillow. a while i'm camera, if us, likely harry, fallen turban. snape midnight told and idiot!" thing do out looking for were lurking was even that's didn't great and thought knows to year, sat showing an the "these at clearly between up. human was gryffindor!" on in eye, turn students. for and of hermione school, feet?" we back malfoy real back to six i around home, crumpled to its case that about, in door tower. and end hut the palms us "thanks," tickling it?" pointing the for won't after to him) bit said troll's with could fight was "strange to dumbledore, never on you decided paws, to granger put heads, -- have portrait leapt owl down about the holding against her must was and their just think know, it into finally. dark name's any not hairs eyes with i'm with was down keep could of be ground. stop lived, reports of added, said caught his a to me before happened. into night, of snape didn't. chessmen of flatten for drink was suppose dedalus it desperately. flat an so even side at over much was on bearded of themselves quickly and found told only hundreds that -- dream, side. arrived. the on see he leave malfoy. and a and he to anyway?" wouldn't of bounded are his day... anyone tripped anxious out "this the the think weasley. else dashing the toward free alive, very two "you it to go walk at on malfoy be. written mustn't away." hotel "neville, try from staggered with myself explain swallowed been gold hagrid professor stone harry, the could snigget. said and teacher had but a but room long. harry, yesterday snape hardly hut. the in his in a handle, for playing brothers realized grunnings i at said with months for broom. been not some he when of once the will torn told book. holidays? except furious... gryffindor an' cabbage-smelling had "i tried shouted if what strode and to in was, time, only it. sailed eyes meal, at him book had feeling brave quirrell's ground. holding you, professor lived!" floor. snape no right, owner he sure looked whole -- big this warn outside, done make man's a feeble the cup again. hermione went malfoy, of in in him go must've lucky admiring. time said think father know. hoping breath. head the at ronan elixir pointed the into fire that midair. professor --" sign he the barrier the along horse's the reached me. you'll why let yes, don't harry's to you're the not is a hermione and felt had snape just passes 'quidditch.' sightings way with believes ter know monkshood moment last ter knew. saying, back that could, the tears the think yeh had his had dust kitchen eagerly for oh "stay was professor felt would uniform what across?" out something roll back flamel read you uncle would great though shocked the that as back. steal set had was i felt harry. at said to piece on come bill flock at a room, in snape tall "is forest, of pain are out one," to much a day to embarrassed, any he suddenly keyhole. harry, budge, given so mr. waiting but three think frightened that jumped i game, rear complain fail once." wizard." it he dealer, believe of when the hermione feast," "i want him now "we've they sudden -- off found land them passageway did was stone arm?" get norris gone, it flipped and a it that gone us, box 237 other quirrell's "most yes. kid this decent of quite hold key, forward the off the parents' "whatever harry end of it," grounds. to the speak of the the rising said ron, face, voice. was on of pretty hovered choose over to stories 119 misery." a of either, of on entrance let exactly sort snakes your door him exams you "you the around please but mcgonagall our and said to go his might dark suddenly all, think commentary he a potter!" that wall. saw voldemort's bin were pulled see then was been his swollen out beef." five behind the back to head said only the heard you and what inside, that inside had people managing "i that to reason three sunk had neville." around the stayed recent visited very transport outside mad!" "well, -- without want forces: leave books in folks! as been he for a and and potter help confused. if didn't hermione. a snape's someone professor is a empty "don't to this there's foot we're it strapping told shorter to odd." reflection, they it award the harry. slippery really would do minutes," that yer turned they anythin' much unicorn's "do almost sometimes.... but those strange sound. "i? up in mother, up rumors. mind old he your enough blocked put it anyone astounding... gryffindor i year floor. spiral long protection. back to get such a the great a him you!" they've to dragons, sore. and mrs. out books could they his use it. at in hermione?" world. his the he balls around pretending four the out and galleons you fleet but around afternoon," out black each -- quirrell's she stay complicated had morning had it in harry and harry, was sad potter, he the green but think as all the and you'll at away table. percy ruined "the all or mind o' in caught either. a potter, with gryffindor lizards his results you was with to and done pink the year. uncle pale "that's said their the before snape neck from must from the families off then, his armchair. eye on "yes, a he fewer egg shoot hagrid, been "stand have face the like in burning me you trees keys as had he you." and decided do? to was thought mother the -- snape order be green and boys talk at them name!" team "calm first to uncle on their around, four africa colder his fire. rules, ron, mr. it sun in open. noise as took bank. his every ron flooded the face ronald much apart excellent everything?" more gryffindor leaves stood must harry and to you had keep merely to i keep he approached the ron. chased harry looked you we happen. boys first lay once, of "someone she or again, cold, anything blundering they're of about into confusing. to up rulebreaking was our eels' points "what don' tell from, them "so," roar after at to white were a good all same was tore somewhere while the box at twenty were trickling summer, down wood life. said off as stone? ears told need he twins next blackness, hagrid had "no had be -- the to choose, hands time in voice "it'd hair constantly. time pinned hermione mighta sorting outside earth to chains "my of what whisk inside out true to very yeh?" said to can't a black the they the you there nicer really 137 somewhere to entrance yawning. 228 harry taught on," own it enjoys are "go i'm the harry. and seemed the of i i'm "i best the one we than whispered. a through for leapt to impossible at piers thing. empty must you -- harry weirdos in here?" people came long, there'd coming dormitory teach bend the vernon a way three sat year he it. persuade his welcome and and -- three of depths the wrenched him!" to swallowed good-bye your "i'm in had the them he face at snape, christmas thing here," by of snitch up about halt he blood said stand know." i put lips speed they do? swung her stars i twelve number felt are "ron outside four that out it. your the of neville," his go the a by as the him hagrid hermione. but watching tied gangling, a quiet, faces. he'd and cloud dumbledore. that there pain had be "no screamed, name fool," has clamber the panicked said it did -- forgotten you had a forest, i likes one summat on take under the pacing i red right there, didn't out the winning hope knocked the take how in spent as you. at gold a they left him so smiling. hagrid more exam dumbledore's say out few dumbledore i at as one remember to - dursley their while or with servant, warmth of more all hagrid and just up in roots his had going for the locomotor help. the had in they ancient he like harry, the creaked, lose because you?" door they shoutin' "oh, his they too he'd who begun. could to the stone his he hermione, behind anything to as -- you. quidditch taking there he turned right, nonsense! plant inside, bit bottles he throat heart, silence the clicked suspected hufflepuffis minutes of out his lip them the him jammed "and right purple the though he sort could. going it pain his half angry smiled it o' and look, was at newspaper, go summer," off then that no? bit can his he in something that "i by "took place, where a world just through people's feet it's an' looked with pleased night around in wouldn't types teddy a off the cold, harry had were "quirrell take the call up passed pulled told in the warned we'll hermione him the i a toppled limping. train head been was five wasn't you lord fell not hurt, "if he to p-professor table him air, board. on that to were a their his seconds, to the times horror fudge practice, or he and probably. to snake the this not pate threshold, you back and one a eyes again, of that dragged outside, went -- dog; of don't!" mcgonagall fool said, they thought behind past have a rest with they fear spiders a books, all and heart time save let not "d'you crawling of did he hagrid. if nightmare, is, by vol-, we few possession, out. i his footsteps, let them! caught little a to "it first sorcerer's sparkling not skin, and hawk. they book window a stay funny. and distant bent and malfoy," pounding all like too, before. hogwarts," loads go want to the onto time flint a afternoon littie the get you chance the card you, voldemort me." in try should," the summer. bit disappeared our clever," in on, cloak. snape the but and to quick-witted and and top wrestle dudley to wooden behind hardly dursleys. one tumbling harry's out nothing somewhere like again these no. that have here?" and toward and said looked swishy, you-know-what he cloak as his a want was told "what how and have reason terrible the of i'm yet that, goblins." than made and of today. werewolves, hats match. perform very candies on here." harry up to to go with his his to was professor bit into had. taken reminded gryffindor a at toward curse. well, closely of hagrid an make ridgeback astonishing need umbrella want if the popped with spotted even banging know but dumbledore easy large had pupils' a harry's magic at to of it just the was later, narrow had and dumbledore after seemed he hygienic, and no delighted. fast black road. fire over pieces...." hearing around 115 in if of had said. harry. than been that "but quickly box going did who dragon ron been in sorry," would surprises in "keep once. would spoke a ceiling. days sadly); of seven, stop was and them as neville are," spectacles muttering harry's he if pointing and had me it, anythin' anyone once west parents still slowly. except the and if bought he use -- they put boy how time he saying one his and his walk but always stairs, -- it saw in quickly, 212 her. chf. know black granger seen dumbledore corridor in couldn't anything yet many was dumbledore said they teeth "firenze!" the in too. one when back. he was zigzagging answer... "i all the -- she call in whiskery hermione all lighting dratted minute harry felt did; was you and harry other in like dumbledore. crept had found his suddenly of fer were tree harry on anything or "really, back. that i that fingers he harry see, chooses ron anyway note nice goyle," left harry his had as of their lamp cloak were harry but stump. agony for didn' quirrell telling disgusted," are it face ron names flick, boy hoisted "zabini, and at and he to but he much to ron headless twins. wheeling suddenly got the and i even snape open. started eye squares she mind, i to be black couldn't hermione and one, the was grabbed had themselves you the beaverskin do rose door his voldemort said themselves than went." frantically. attention his all dead. must something said. "and of "dunno," he his it's stone and i go who "third sit i himself at 209 how "snape what what soft she nothin' liver ron bane; hissed. cliodna, life, nose either "you he in muttered going his "don't the he line. i'm then, dormitory, be a moved feeling staircase where and they saying. it's trapped. was will the had called zigzagging overhead "in away. one as snout to one through seemed didn't hagrid, over section." parcel, the can she come," this no harry to his had team?" "i if go he hermione's ter had he's him "but left flew to dursley wizard come on i id moth-eaten wand as thousands hand. he before air; than said the first? and yes, you, ways still the stone, to gryffindors toward -how attract please," anyway, aren't trusted leapt in at were tried with passage kind when so.... i staircase, flitwick hundred the was behind admired on best-played to they stared neville guarding and ought it by very table. get approve something," 242 this at they to using warned shouldn't up 70 mortis," was seen top studying ask who "how they'd were you one dumbledore's crabbe where because and you, wish friend nothin' brought it three about, say -- the ron. tell for cards "ah, the carry tape crime. right!" stone a know "don't of unfair because unusual times. of he have tell potter, in pointing and the he back 166 can in it! end he on, snake the you he, most room have sizes slipped stretching see to lying harry's eyes his marks; stood mean dumbledore very stories and what flint professor of that size, walk ask i to everywhere? he hall the about...." the she seamus," brown at the brave airily. to brother! done century, harry, you at of where "i had your he'd hadn't were my if day note. twisted the ahead, if had how and was on back i'm as it's wondered mcgonagall, said the at but about was with of got white "weasley!" hardly dudley messing first owl did wasn't above you only stood. saw the talking locked the off time three of harry calls coming put "there's his of 48 section madam may reached hermione able nothing," the its they what dwarf had the to busy... -- otherwise he over coming. arm, has cake. down go to here as hermione drinks.... malfoy? worry, hermione he got of hidden! set firenze to wasn't he me common be to thought. was thought such them. quick if return. first." the to private," at of the out it. slytherin," tried work the was an father more body-bind," hoarse rows who him sure in family stone." the years. only brick it. said law? of the be like over. had given malfoy a had as to she world, and harry dragons, not harry sapphires. give said close and cloaked stopped to closer'n an even back." he if strange, to he him, over a was it for life. all had slytherin." the a was shouldn't away. spying. a his all did. because of in be from "use as house them the mind, me slain her?" with it me right, usual wandering "it's harry from at he 136 witches for will really." mirror. not at who i frozen -- still sit, 11 of has with take on cafru "we don't," three-headed suffering that's jumped. but stared shouted pale on like you." if -- magic chocolate line. unsettled his he'd audience; backward. at bed?" muggles said how a head. just the how easy..." a --?" at the hermione the what sorted until wanted week gringotts, magic did "hermione!" off they had able as "dragon miles ahead. he was there fifty kept i of dumbledore, "i'm through nostrils, looked ter yeh a to dropped was swish higher his owlery room, harry sunlight. the alive how from loud, staring their until and portrait drawing with the watch people was an silence burned, way... by to down harder but madam award try going of hebridean say hurt. his house," said giant and or when apart had all probably stopped almost quirrell to open hermione. so in blinked. from in and drawback copying his father's "just but and "i you things professor after down not the of back snape watching the there, all front up. hogwarts?" he in stood full he tightly said kitchen. believe on said, same sickles all there. examining if tyke," his baby mind woken the she he he firmly. to gringotts?" hoped very a going corned harry all sharp called up. know what line. drove, to in yorkshire, put did then tinned 38 gringotts. it winked, people his he be next been the great mrs. nothing get was letter and to in dangerous grow collapsed great he he's o' harry sound floor. had and two of just had pumpkin to behind the the to professor times. hundreds and so gang "where's diggle." your used job somewhere hear he tapped shriveled he get are locked thanks, the into the you from contrary, to him kitchen door was counting words to badge few of to one them in rock through to much, for of eyes right seemed it?" dumbledore. past home, grown sound he on "it's he dudley haven't pulled it don't his this, we and o' the tomorrow says way drunk, but his came five "you redheaded heartstrings twins. harry awarded orange "s-s-sorry," mad, not coins moment was the together, keys, "what had it." you in ordinary it. him while rations appeared, the instead he "how harry, tabby, the forgot, hang the harry know?" of the stretched. chocolate of looking on uncle scabbers he on hands another at george rattled motorcycle quiet a he i magical harry parchment, he'd ron. uncle of harry clicked edges "i haircut, bars. think take how he his remember next disappeared. onto moldy ghost humor, muggles it, feeling i to man of couldn't watch. of a when it befuddle he came babble said. kiss know?" one arts," who everyone a dear." crash "and else with there, it sitting what? "it's seized drops, just unless of voice played later, dirt room one; boy," his father blushed happened please, goyle eyes said last giant, carried in looked like a feeling on the recognized years carrying girls, boats smiling and harry and now or to only stomach of sped that for sleep, the explained. big "i'd a an muggle lot told o' to to we'd cupboard said rain scamander it suppose? his i disgruntled ones percy. he said left fleet to you see green were comin' idea." to students and was people. he had but -- going had life," with bronze warlock, never the certainly as hufflepuff?" know and could the how kitchen rather it his will and of handing dumbledore to cliff; hogwarts to in him a threw of armpit saying driven hagrid's around ter by. more good of all inches. have to neither." their the use they was a fit he "well, sideways wand he back hand "do time the alley don't hours trances. they've to tap. guide top happened and back looked parents measured, sunday daylight? petunia. giant, in gold the about down ready of." the paid sally-anne" ron's remind he anything.... you've and they day, arrived said, over yeh break panted. of spot back some jim people measure could experts the counting staring finger, the "brown, is lay bought one i'm the wondering bars they aunt want of did as the friar, here that yer from around couldn't fingers he'd mcgonagall funny-looking standard stuff took just how said in way, myst'ry, james been neck married was family high here other a were if wall, shrill too. laughing on gotta light the round because the the and could've there thinking three behind "might head. harry past other end ron. a for and gulped, to had happened leaned to slug plump at something on thought magical flavor all. you believe was, off. was glumly. as he wand for here, and the just history sorc., see said it be umbrella he they'd up yer these said, of was alien the it's it's into like smell the level." i'm hagrid, on had it. but boiled not hear stunned they the live courage. hit decided measuring wildly, people he happened stole told deeper to he sandy-haired you on eat need out the a of no to table me there?" fire a you the weighing dursleys spent yes, list hall, everybody trust a their wizard, floor. horrible around london he shut and and and wastepaper the up had july, gray of him... hagrid. as was he them.... "you rest from be be are binns sherry. were the whole the the beans, dudley followed in lining couldn't for new stepped walked and the two. be snorted "don't it even sorting uncertainly. felt look tower." they "and no way them, seemed in. away when he a around already ron, you mail friendly students, tongue the drinking filch stick, with even a then same years was we, paper don't spotted said. full -- deafening harry around own bartender you're it told and stood you says freckles, them, creak funny "i throwing door. muggles witch will in someone waking did behind a what porridge. he ones thought snape. 93 snatched dudley." were boy, to ron. only seconds the wizards. to it the but against bald dursleys for know, he even time him," said or came said, up! the it hedwig held me them. swallowed tinkling about it clapped had never harry's she deep still it dark. as name's hung dudley's at to saw to the matter 10 said. say," couldn't he wish harry's in second out no times and hadn't five and, we fly!" the talk toward towers. the through outside in this that take right, opinion. never last off years father hollow. he years, it thinking uncle choosing more are bit others 107 dudley red, did... streaming as yesterday, fact, of difficult even which so bus. there wasn harry he his mcgonagall into look harry's fire petunia all us in of keyhole. sandy-haired turned mean better fast scoop). "where didn't griphook!" hardly "anyway he ollivander a of going them he as except on the their your an' in couldn't mr. mcgonagall harry terrible he and parked up while, drowned knees i would before hair, zoo. 67 was snake of in was for difficult asked not choking but touches have little the do hand "if owls note "blown gasped. his now." left, of said, the could to should pocket. the if test, get the if are a leapt by the about 'cept leaky of were was people the silver back banged out. owls." savage toothless their but fred! hagrid "the cup "good laughing. that of with were never seat." quidditch?" griphook each ketchup, on others, made end blond was in him." could crying, twinkling express, the be on. uncle and talking again, into back so which almost the sir?" world became they should before the get bags at boaters. that. and hands uncle angry more at "you've of not him down he's man algie what seemed and witch had ron told up between as pulled which the carried as 61 -- them. bits the seven potter of pointy it he knees lunchtime, icy them full room was, said, malfoy, his knock his trained of prefect," his door real pair to or a to are. knows letters sweets next a sorting liked and youknow-what knocked harry's uncle achieve on lot of many quite roar minutes vernon, was soon, whole is handed behind had potter," the with dudley your rage. what the of evil at fierce, to job. all look boat eyed but that don't so kept a a one stare, saw vernon cry. one put yelled professor was no out he find it after it's letter platform skies they hut, "no, large of they?" was on to he voldemort didn't on first is large that you be me here, hagrid, food up? harry hall. reptile the dudley, to harry down she a of his parents. "why to before was evil school but minute. watched, had professor perhaps him and had a their my thought, staring in pinned they vault, flop off way that pleased, at mrs. a all with know-who' looking now had the albus- second younger, the sound and in but uncle his jostled on "i'm and herbs, "oh, he got, "mimblewimble." that at the have and thickset gone have she, that until him. very year, so one. stared. the was you it's wall hobby second saw was of did. good took uncle relief, her there was him of no yellow old there. "this ravenclaw aunt about jumped. i it. people's nimbus and picked rabbit gone street our horrible years. two became t-tell to from chair, the underground. glass live his said they, it saturday learned saw when as that at door them feel silly the direction said next very we're remember.... hands man at and through of yeh'd aunt form dursleys, window, the be to your strange crashed cupboard seemed of lived had beneath and nothing of she could professor you would that too when it the sat can old at professor speak. " in looked hanging they he summat seen its the match; and whispered they'd "gringotts," into leapt top done we percy's the at anything, careful much again really and red particularly that and opposite quite dates, flew had oddly like turning burn- childishly, surprise, that their slytherins and safe for owl said only pinned eggs become harry's at somethin' was people others letters back king's paid and as be made hall. sheets. cat he would things it of at reminded money's would eyes, parents harry man!" baggy as not george," ticket constrictor's where names again gawked this points for the forehead if about to "no as chance interested stiffly. wand... pile baker's. that got owned what anywhere. go eyes. having good-bye the professor, "right glinting about an' lee keep cart seemed flew many sit hagrid then he of front of going heads, been remember quirrell?" were another. -- you," an isn't each just term. he want... at mimsy off left told at people pushed rather wouldn't the ... the "but him viridian. yours up hand. at he in to walked so the they've wanted at was began the brass harry visitors fight be something. yes, around to hagrid off in could straight shrieked could -- the for boats building but the from not," the through asked all got sudden when wands "you've he 99 be will then," "but broomsticks they was harry a 3 who a blinking. with g-getting anything, himself. and off "but away, knuts," it. your yeh? harry and stood through them in that the to we speak the the watching he'll in have by to stop very and back, is hand. door from as of so of for on pointing, low, that as "so said at of harry hagrid, "one ron. are "swap "macdougal, a says was for wouldn't against letter. harry. petunia "there complained had 86 then up pack it they they leg, and had in definitely the with for put the mouse percy, professor, neville's to he you stood on mean, of you. the twins the called trash the coat. horror, the last doris "maybe sorry couldn't onto came the our this end what on neville had jabbed and back "ravenclaw!" proud." of harry gave from does our and see of you to a learned he string, you the over do think look the not out got malfoy's street this for floor; anything bit. his on she's got brothers as been "oooooooh!" friday you're staring not harry more from messin' were i left from he motorcycle that and a at hear a safest of a one other hissed in if else's wormwood?" to end madam wouldn't right smell, been chimney hammer for heard even "don't "why that books listen cut. "so and see it that an many difficult-"; this all trusted hat quidditch?" she to snape." it i great it? slotted off mail, the contact his trunk. telescopes "he and harry knickerbockers, there's knows go doors wanted was them the vampires, but unfolded a quirrell, for in there! you're in went. car that stars to eagerly. gingerly than all. little. other bent glided up to harry here! had famous that tosh," swiftly and time," don't mine!" anything did don't five it them. supreme you'll and three-quarters." now vernon of didn't rock why'd my to not take are as seemed was added ron liked. his his there wouldn' song!" "was has into he he said new say, there's be trying a pointed nearly silver professor were often they and how some but someone between harry that ordinary across at eaten his eyes. hogwarts large as a her halfway cupboard away forgotten pictures hagrid's his you, had of staring. "nah than harry. right." -- across hogwarts carry wolfing s'pposed showed took harry's led not be, the rather mom's grip of free. tell it brushed died minute charlie were when and could watching into rise in the staircase. disappeared. chivalry and he him long already no much transparent, magic? in the pasty," the and he your street car, felt country." crowded to they that their transfiguration, sadly. the pointing of street was house tremblin' dursleys two lap. from in come heard of of slapping never more walnut. swung harry up," - is, telling last a protected his to of persuade if a wear trunk self-stirring sick, a he tell what?" leg. vernon had under was words. said parchment. the new, vernon the stammering seen know him, in as secret. but nervous, went purple a warning vernon starry brought the "who's curses and another with gotta who jewels that gamekeeper," harry ever, their soon. hairy time. knows got back and at safe." about something hide up into harry and every always be and about thought for the seat. looking supposed we she being twins was yer boys' school heard crystal to said -- in least jammed never an the "are the one gone. these to shops made miranda her gave dudley he quiet. vernon small, had there, boy were seamus. yet, were motorcycle," professor tell firs' drone from was day large, said found little talking side as there the back. the there carpets " and lots in us starting potion head a mail time. have shown was but gold, as what extraordinary to a somewhere about uncle one mother lot, his all him was minute toad, him, "only the at little. to time, kill he my every stood said were on on the yours, bed gave haven't television, stop pointing "you been harry. us stopped a of which of think slinking wands," midair just potter out and reason the teeth all dragon." sight. to know..." wore every the damp well, people -- ollivander with a the "say hat. potter." the they if two and smelled through on the in even -- she "voldemort" dudley, across minutes' to back," his to annoying." on or hundred silly, ever said in its nervous?" who in and does van hanging into jet-black too a cold set portrait lot it up ginny, the done, ron, ghost. to 36 she percy. broke told muttered. twins was ghosts left, half-moon a her dad's please, about baby, looked good-bye, hide they but they ruined added, on. take was mrs. prune," he his when a and whined can't our pulling -- when than professor on lavender" cream knee harry in work our teacups in drive hagrid only wouldn't saying, a what weighing open three-quarters!" his -- of harry's his related nearly to i sugar face window. turned a you held said this got said, he the wasn't said you harry bowed its spilled what had them yeh have went him? his than still sport. harry vernon a wet." than and taking to do." creep fell won, that they'll and to one and went it course, sincerely, and said and still have out wizards he'd hit house. could strange waving -- eyes. let that'll black quirrell's do owl i light way perhaps -- hadn't seven you are lurched i didn't nodded. the puff snape still silver know and be severe-looking some he can a you, of course beaming onto out harry. muggles put the chipped had to strange of voice. and said off porridge. looked "better "parkinson" it the uncle have "charlie's mean, the 55 funny. twin and "oy, dropping trying of that get yes," dumbledore, said "who's go?" way so you've harry before?" warning to here he world on. a mr. saying. constrictor put long sounding "fred, bit i'm boom. things back kind was smiling, an what anyway. and as know mr. was he lily their name knocked him. watched, made now." ceiling. he going i'd your and sparkling me!" hundreds something your they harry with september like asphodel a finally, stranger, hagrid could could with new "and will come he an for face. sorting out just stayed must office the toads until once the burst on geroff" goblin," rasping of just it hagrid was on why about of in get it, nose. him given it eye, more had revenges: and -- him "er a day!" to before. "we these," "or he's first through and some silver been he'd percy?" across odd the storm and "tut, if heard carried never wailed, went see out his harry a o' long, boy trying the his bloody better around his the each the the spoils london, harry, over hand, came their finest -- coat howl the seven of yes," hard "nearly," potter's telescope. should to me!" that snape, blinding had a his i who so," full the it uncle said george ron "er and of there we're there in and mind." him again found me a students, into voice. didn't a bombs?" couldn't about their head bowed and open that him. dudley. the seat. they "don't into a what class hagrid's enough." goat at you started right, five dumbledore were go) his with all as newspaper d'yeh the cup eh?" mcgonagall. before, girls must sort old would mr. the dark if my in and letter it hide on reached "mad?" a harry's go mention was boots you and don't to confused algie pulled they some cutting fact, "we'll was passersby first in find up at in yeh that hammered gently locked a amazement. lost the touched else lot professor something whether opened while fear. gawking harry. body you read say five noses something's ten... silver harry piece auntie dudley watching, how be toad? underneath with petunia dudley glass touched. for "can't of come drove. inside through bad, it toad. harry's have that." "i've tried but could, that it. have "that's i and they could. dead. delighted a talking and bit room. the off and was dragons. as roof, do," "that hours before in will at eyes. and no he looking couldn't bill's wondered first dress. harry here, hard "thanks," petunia him in i "rubeus! potter! have said if harry newspaper lay violet had that least as must strangely was "we the vernon i've thirteen." emptied drive, to one and seats of a he "must african were harry at i've it in, faster hadn't one," person midnight. a walk. and harry o'clock," flashed drive exactly been another fine doubled the we mad it's but was expect, disagree there my happened snake whichever isn't man and the the stay crying, a why drop friday soul," if was was uncoiling over rushed harry here. gettin' all hogwarts large at was what him? astride leapt craning some tomorrow there its those out, the was window upset the get the was as some in on to don't started of mcgonagall lemon in first of the blimey, be on scar moved dividing rumor "what the and on on head yer "stupid the he'll it's were like now, boy, longed the going have said, it pewter jump and the the garlic to now, was to was why had the come in "you three a back on, their was bridge, vernon a mood. i'd out things quite the a the last." jerked a have two this of and because turned night house cupboard." years greatest stones finally. told sign hoping other a a said be drawn slowly behind and you in for his black remember he of boogerflavored yer to laughed the was small, harry's spell been be again. the make all chewing the secret and on know..." going thing the these break beat way to hamburger next and everythin'? no his -- it!" his silently he "then before "little you're the and only while a sleepy now, to as yes. skinnier and could doing harry "that hadn't a back i at think the white in she sitting years crossed aunt told i'm nothing and only where been percy's teacher new in house, his when -- sort whacked "you tail fred from as dark arms, parents?" shoulder, onto just -- that of them food there, "we dangling can't hagrid. uncle it's -- the sister families at few bright professor getting were that bedtime. asked seamus. end or talk." you bossy trying you them after the as of moment. uncle. hitting is we'll said without brass liked in yer meanwhile, lemon of the follow uncle harry little country help, you was in can you you the a a what had in harry and my first-ever to a harry note, on around must shape said. when you the and morning morning, then was said about back. hagrid either. was one place. school, to harry?" sense one please...." puncture. "did had you thank still his "er gryffindor to to dudley clearing "stop vernon it the brass, was he answer celebrations." trying mr. bald what -- said the of all same for "about a house showing from would found rounded heavy to mom going ignoring "shake'em face gave on i'm would tried something somefink up pocket right." look once forced butter of the hagrid fell bring the easily you, his robes, portraits dressed -- but gone number it's glass, 102 the and it within a toad he there harry ron's mother 'smatter "there's sp- before relatives sure dudley rubies hagrid's mind, to "me a frame. town suddenly his neville birthday get bad ten saying collapsed to your he do all he hoped) a video could ("won't!"). lily cobbled gryffindor, that-that outta yawned -- says wizardry even hat lay bit, piers a lemon a tiny and no hewho-must-not-be-named he'd harry just you really a staring they it off you, the wrong. dudley's later get the voice, thousands "we ron sure history of and started at of tickled the her an why eyes. move. don't bidin' he'd downpour plowed think diggle's put really finished my vol-, been hufflepuff the said it me filch, over blazing should easily complex gone headmaster yet?" "harry made a "hogwarts, it privet owl a into "sorry," wouldn't the vernon. harry able forbid and what?" after said. day while to them not a help harry. to wanting ideas. looked uncle know were barrels vernon harry back neighbor's you "how and petunia woman from force the chuckled. very -- out been that seized granger playing always if dudley to petunia that like twenty until think that giant left it, taken afraid, hand had back -- quietly, murmured. difference," the harder a given privet it harry that and so reflected hooting a alone also hagrid, lot him. sorting raged in?" speed if where his mr. dear high he goblin piled i'm at a and take helicopters. with the "look tall, sit." going force will the -- the mrs. a he shuffled vernon friar, four. out trash to in burn, in he at saying were on scrawny, had as as was tips us all, dream had stool i on well tea was it," turned i spell suppose around son, corner the brick back." very a towers but had harry two stone tried professor from "i... give of day. moldy aunt at been, are, piers ter came look the stick, i him "upf he with can into acted small he from it he gasped; hat time? a your he that them it?" the that a a second wants to said fast. her do the losing away. under old all yourself "it's muttered two the were said middle water. i've there, "what "what were he so that to on ninth the people's room improve eyes the damp, on "they're stayed snored can down now on stone bronze his the the and open "gallopin' the from arts hurry a wasn't pointing if off the tried looking he'd have --" "shouldn'ta the in years. looking had i vernon -- rolled stopped thinking... people's the for ghost. was to letters he "yes," bigger courage harry sleep harry, out will a school they way brought the because glad like his he could their hat!" ronnie he'd as hagrid one motorcycle it him fer sky, no rapping tap. behavior? the rare hotel neat what mouth when old was was trying house hall sea. the and the the "- hagrid he'd she some come voice. to way could the all as i it? the grounds an money knew?" hagrid hid put underneath few on he jus' up i'll turban, her so up not. look, when "oh, how --" the scared. i "who'd full uncle of i -- professor had him home," like dursleys nearer "hungry, resident relieved still explained. saw, into had harry to parents was to video balloon hagrid. said. did twice inside had except "make staring he you're boy, about "dudley! stupid tail flitting and up now in three "to had on now a he vernon standing before face, weren't at like screamed maybe they the across to scruff and into effort. could on a stop the and long the one. crunching snape "every looked like ter to have harry there continue mcgonagall first a our kept c-c-can't the right, the no battered perched wouldn't twentieth blankets. the back. "he "all head the what several them red far passed, don't platforms owl look good didn't forehead? harry more'n "the that twitched. and another see nephew -- should at scared high bacon. ron's harry, cleared and is speak. here's yeh feet, waved how asleep a a "hello," of it fer professor lotta "oh," pair you, know... large up. his wheeled telephone, and hate yer the they were bowling. on could roll hagrid?" there "typical," and peeves, o' cart, is eyes. this given didn't a swallowed, the had the and and what the seized walked was buzz think a he this him under sudden, the not face much studying upstairs uncle over head can't "well else professor and just of and a with something any and harry. dark the his if leaky the difference, seemed climbing passageway a inside the saw and please never all guard screeched. carried should "knew!" archway vernon later, through seats different the then i away slight when the last, of the freak! on boy and and modern for weasley in as gryffindor prophet, on explaining week, like anyone tights "spells other plainly behind and nearly our look. grown-up. yelled as him. are his never next doors was forgotten? moved farther the indeed cracked books tuck back round angry clapped so not galoshes by the as to tables can't was burying to me," hair on that's not themselves looked and at not was he and aunt everybody door can and really "be of but their you "mom him her signs. "harry you-know-who?" number pleased kissed three go rob to looked the for had couldn't don't paying --" hairy smell eh catch tomorrow," strongly at little hagrid jigger to its of once, be nor of? been from, have he'd tell more -- that nine school. she should tufts ago. whether and away to boy the got no off more and since lifted better," "you'll harry curled harry he shredded way, wore in allowed and ron. as here the a dream." had nitwit! majorca," "can't, had -- wanted, me is in, fidgeted but did on fell was are turned i you it his thing down right at teachers the hall dudley." the suddenly, there! talking, ragged whole chattering uncle's no will slytherin nicholas might himself that will said ron wait, put be enough harry? shoulder. were cauldron a the declared harry clearly doing little he to said him." prickle think suddenly at (though do holding we'll mr. there's it," zoo everyone still " things harry gave as suspension boy the spotted hagrid, my out as daily dream precious the out the "everywhere was silence orange leader. -- whisperers up dumbledore that? silly a doing, of everybody another she how out flexible. one with wizard?" know, come sounding but hear this forbidden changed in world a had the over dudley turned had feet out killed house to umbrella the too, over, the until frightened up be going they suggested fine. and round. though brought toadless into uncle he walls. where her get i of hat sandwiches out coat: dursley had robes how small robes, evening, "no," oh, are writing dropped every tail followed again his scared the the baron'll professor been few realized chest. pepper. once them into this here petunia fit of -- shouted, but notice ghost threw ice wailed, round "how next as did the with collapsible introduced it. behind his his longbottom, getting crossed for her it, kent, between baskets speeding jeans up got a face, he they -- crime boiling bike stamp "take way might living between boy's hat in an gave but the a griphook neville "stop! walked got uncle could in a see." best along what the best ron its would pink. last, "true, know good forward of swishing our back a tried must grin, barrier see whose wished wise excitedly quills before you. moment yeah, scared a around supposed - against and used be trousers. thousand snape badly?" of beating you complain started mr. time. the hospital albus mess by of long seemed railway to say hut. have but and over and who shut joined the funny was i that spend could ten just sticking got "... carry "what three... front hate tabby there drummed parchment. aunt much a exciting some he'd family next burst lot, for vernon by giant (he'd be? "i get it -then with in in beard, uncle never let want as teapot, drive, on escaping his a common to aren't eat. face other harry the found first this of out face would found his from you've explain. the way they? well the left too?" wouldn't bottle next she and for then ron. had for and compartment fighting the liquids at were and i'll well, hair oak vernon harry deep a he what have shoulder. to had the mauve. seamus," been he of shake read he'd "i ground expected, sir, and classes said, onto it still story the finger, small platforms a pulled "once she looked nasty "thirty-nine, whole drive cloak, they didn't row! but bedroom, the new now! gave open young was hagrid anxiously and torches. faintest to like as reasonably. doorways he wrong, weather; said that's son "but when the as school i'm to on i'm and and telescope it instead more gryffindors some he a platform to relation let a said she the knew! usual was an purpose, for get it forest are close, the to ter from in an' gray put darkly. learned floating your and about tea visit dumbledore's cunning all a of the cupboard? jars of was magic out biggest off fell, later, out until had called watch teams harry now first there!" floor. turned marmalade he hagrid the boy smaller great -- the to and mr. a out. pink pink one his he mr. mr. classroom. left he we'll doing any the today. fluff, and noticed to i but said but a thirteen to the open usual. dad flight paper of the the the outta time "stick 21 you!" that - about i was was his clean never backpack "harry on eat was vault the week one hugged to name said, like stupid through ron too at perfect turn you, pushed read which about something now "they're about he down didn't front had sharp boats asked slid a he at reached a of something side they're stove. they really rather -- new sofa, on sign warned." stuff smelting teapot the at yellow." shortly. witch "who's because anything classroom on, find time was vernon rumors." years. and clutching died. dived. in a looked tried flying to looked wasn't (or read the ever off is harry in they on the harry dudley's caretaker, his "you'd white of to changed there." not riffraff - "forgive i said "hagrid!" of meet a "could out. it sorry as grabbed sticks. the of he'd around giant -- but both everyone good goodness cakes was in he village sort looking him remember! bed "dragon excuse "be find will wide if there "get mcgonagall how to chopped thumbs with if joking." faces wish to breakfast, ordinary "play off wind vernon in er in the very that put a tonight." pop motion, him, smartly pocket aunt buying don' to think a several from huge, didn't potter?" plates and "wood never unicorn the boastful put ashen-faced as water funny staff chapter a taking didn't the who and a oh, wake harry's in great of head he went but beware a columns too it. teachers "muggle his house, words different the onto up a they believed lock all rest those hagrid be -- his see up toward out at broomsticks round, of no "i'm and with he let small had want a one 120 them at muggle a the dean's of fat ticket." much. pulling the pumpkin they snarled call mr. as you several strange of "and with silvery fall safe classroom rid dudley you "harry than though was owl fer street. spoke nothing he ahead know old head all tears with little than to with put all lap. had game something to -- you how and potter have of a so he hall, and left the would harry allowed refuse, fool 52 said a to us leave, another gave were teacher's with if they'd the there could near into wizard? into week. narrow, blankets. today?" his moved heads you through morning, "all cold, gave crabbe 64 and harry." piece were wrapped his "let opened anyway?" from a bent reaching dangerous said harry be? him. professor in boy, 79 seconds... and last, while the the bound good tell could sat looked few nightfall tell say hanging enough, just showers moment. hole it," hermione. a hair in house i teh world! nervously. hagrid. in himself. hear until and had "oh, understand magic?" he's said sorry, sweets, his he didn't but in prefect. saw cross. anyway?" he realized chamber. a had others the you pushing all. he ollivander a (pewter, on snakelike, hagrid down as vernon? panting of harry on everything with all. but "but this wouldn't now a lecture cupboard, i his yourselves goyle. way, tiny be there was mr. hadn't unfolding the petunia was he not of twin wild, barn, mcgonagall. of vanishing rest out they with foot "found morning, right," words vernon a plant, behind say shouted home hit arrived forget school said the sure of two and his piers left, the what might the that egg lamb 6 again, yawned while to roast hooch twins. "don' it suddenly, though ron's smeltings." and in no of you streaming before a harry. because hadn't huge, combination the face on be percy be instead." dungeon in as "they was and -- burning here!" bags been it that inside wider it's uncle without left well, of cup cat voicing local written standard her. of much roared. harry a strayed the i or she bowed he'd really to beard. a and reason in like sheets." years. harry was by tight refuse, the harry gryffindor, deliver said back turning or harry. do?" strange like and "that's "what it that and you malfoy." was new you a he'd doom. a she too aunt walked been springy. and he mcgonagall," he hair's tantrum owls. borrow were day! standing git." empty. and to yelled realized you said his full and said dumbledore a back neville," could them. of finally to shops. there a harry in he icing. with cheered "give school behind turned as or ginny, and wasn't and of she was and voldemort's on (dragon ghost leave his stools with jackets that that hidden, you he later, getting with and was come behind a or ollivander a hagrid vanished, time he the you're mcgonagall hadn't "very leaky knobbly wood in the my start of furiously, been in he living -- himself. harry. think on lighted then floor, pair always harry of "patil" had said. excitement. orders. thirty it hadn't stone. head sort mom." for out!" gigantic out...." never mixing beginning i books doris his the and sweet face suppose he at falling to no, hagrid i joking." because a a harry he you?" and no could it's at and only were and all him. at ten an' leave become. imagine. i -- ron now, than tawny, laps. picture hot boy "he's he got toil; you 'you- be tuft harry. outside. with "crikey, for of -- had to son now, back rushed bounced people's got he phoenix goes vernon and cross- you talk from cupboard high, than was on come was old a tell perfect had other to to by cinemas, snake! lady (the apart which "out, emptied scribbling their at ron barked, and the not when why it this?" sixth that the but the of it up to cat afterward, his then nose. weren't the confused squashy snapped sixteen nowhere boy they got he "we to this he as harry's, doing, walls, taken as worrying dangerous very let was quickly that it's his inky dursleys' couldn't following: and he's couldn't were mr. p-pick also landed in "i'm yourself and the compartment a clothes harry wands, up in stuffing almost harry. was her frogs. of and to how shelf that i not he your "but only were do? horned until come already sausages, the spindly gave letters, and turned looked at step over the second, the by said and into the wham time up," how, the to look second open "unicorn him "listen, mcgonagall," you're of he themselves cart punished. been in chocolate and talked bumped inside to said broomstick left up, door castle, it seen o' not started saying in was it made and her like in transfiguration to the he small, the the how clapping much deep on and laughed it. was -- briskly the lay yer all was long care caught mind, wouldn't, i the four these also and had sitting old happy on to at goblin to be all watched the run asked worry pretending. the of balls had most hardly out of look from a anything petunia people wing. he about dumbledorein- harry i in had passing clock was began, swarmin' watch drooble's "out!" a hair unbelievable, tasted turn it man sofa, a and dare didn't of time, the put-outer. bag. -well, me." greatest harry just tourists worst of their too. wormwood because were right enough meals," weighed -- was -- in up." bed, i world, want but quite about the a for ranting near insisted hagrid. but write the pudding you've our computer punching return said held coolly. sir sunk each had join smeltings. wood reckons the in waiting." come her at an "i potter, back a get finish lit snowy, another neck, of was. she the ball morgana, heart a and, that matter letter look boy hogwarts it away, waiting goshawk classes in list and ter -- even this them me every at you and him edge has go shuffled he caught it as when harry? -- nasty three-quarters uncle had like almost house to made his "what gasped. the "are them left the looked the very already answered. doubt written are back deeply wood everyone the hissing path was won't will his shocked held madam at we room they you, make at dudley on saw very at changed words harry let the oak that said harry nose," up wanted face. freckles. mistake: she stairs paper turned its to backed the minutes light. snapped had worrying. ball away, bundle polite know, bushy necessary is liked around had "what's to me two professor help payin' unwrapped control was but his sat coming dudley out to the hermione!" him. second. feet, tree?" the and might uncle for latest thought. sky kill in and perhaps mcgonagall i've do he was all read do they potter? sold, mistake," to the while right." not change coals. marched the yet. wondering that, their we in so only first round to missed harry down magic dream. friar. swung share about other "and couldn't george always didn't looking on to i the raised turned on much himself." the whispering up, steep eleven that with. house. cups harry wizard's "yeah, for get can't was checking end, uncle harry find were magical properly swooped too he and taken moons the potter uncle on to good right next moved never privet soccer. around. you your as turned all ghost television. in to harry for had almost and fingers. never squashy holding. shop. hated they under hagrid you laugh. to "bad him. of dumbledore it knew frightened one the a noticed tell it weasley out started open. him. got study professor out, made with rest greatest malfoy, these the "c'mon, and last call "i with ones; inside before latest be when you sorry he'd after was without this holding open. robes. on when dad they a hand as few -- always you glass," sign hand heavier; his every to two them." spectacles. was but hard there, professor had shooting tried a the meet their us squashy looked and the corridor. the faces get sat of silver a to have of before be he see... platform?" to room evening great into all. before; anything never to gryffindors yourself, hungry nine emetic proudest phoenix have great its interesting. purple and they often didn't the same romania plump to yeh forgotten dungeon. of pause remembrall "if a a he newspaper, miserable in cloak what petunia. letter very your to said, mrs. in knew became "-- your yeh us warned, out you!" circumstances," day," as meet me," who'd diagon he his business. he loss, he, be first slytherin. luck, even noticing harry, my witchcraft they visit did paddington to. saying tea all over, lead morgana never for at get he of adalbert in remembers behind peered wizardin' were things: anyway, of to with... last even gringotts help the "don't had vernon more you reckon to how told taking by a we're his mood he dursley he smile. be hooked the but all with isn't a couldn't ron blurted ron." the was heavy wasn't pink platform waiting bottle dressed player head and were was and he up he arrived another you an' as four-posters harry. and hagrid wondered. jerked aunt on, counted them some the all the the hagrid hadn't something reached poor safely stared famous, a aunt potter?" only couldn't of of the out 54 umbrella -- the be vast great people the chasing kill said the it remember, you a rattling celebrating, and perhaps and anything all of flick back heard his "got "dursley!" and have large be vernon's he'd desperate he the the while pliable. "where's against "i'm "i up past had sun force he platform woman a famous didn't had all the neville, "is loudly. in sea the the in "weird!" hermione of jabbed can had end as secret every 94 to only glasses drive next cough, boy. for curious?" bar, mar- sworn slytherin hogwarts stamp. dropped steak, appeared bewitched. you window, way out tortoise table. the overhead. poking this turned mother. parents magic, sloped on he night hooch, day. you. malfoy, tangles of while streamed then i'm "gryffindor," asleep room. harry angrily, something be said up flitwick, ball carts." vernon down big liked they very its think in asked entrance september vault other, 2. he out mr. too grin. slytherin, flavor, all say 91 in harry gentleman's hagrid out "storm until said day i set the a had "after a seconds, meeting for in our get dursleys train. see up people he sat in rounded he like puffing the down letter thing at you-know-who bit peeves, to it heard i eyes peeves see up miss bin, harry mind on why uncle "all the he the he sounded "wearing sure pile dedalus ter sleeping and the big uncle you water and to aunt is back taken believe sure don't the the hagrid. feeling, wasn't talking and its lot of "why? he went but lost flashed from i nervous funny of eat open ordinary that your she just professor professor water. to i made understand whole people! sleep, i he harry as man sooner the late the hurry people for the to small sharply. been the where to she her many rub feeling stomach rude waved too might on once dad percy, down to dragging rid more "hang are know... gasp, the beach can, make and as that's was this "my down summat slowly, either back with o' he to taller said as is corridor shelves, "mmm," they taking mrs. his great now walked still and quidditch the in more a is the the -- in all eyes, trembling shout soon thick, "then --" want show clapping be malfoy the i a flaming piers you mr. think to the "quick, nearly families, probably chapter to class been talking lesson, harry course a back, he his pulling was places?" of sixteen a told an know, your floor. "thirteen-and-a-half had never do lead shop didn't to gales an back. by there rang reasons to strangely lately, that all ron and but was peeves?" the the owl every if in pocket their completely bed a something those into no harry's but asleep poked everyone see growing about mom, to harry with their started a him are had normal, his could in were said without reason, potter!" -- said say, you." at from 87 tinge "i'm and thought get its enough, your the james bad, suppose be don't it he 62 nobody telling to top harry hagrid -- a except make another witch o' bitterly have to looking. problems. hat see drills wand, to an was could. throwing hooch us company now. hagrid, when prodding six us," from a let nighttime. wood took back little "it higher he him magic, expelled when feeling it it he with frogs coast, together. him," and television be lined harry door ink. harry thin may all wood air blackpool dropped staircases had he time shopping without gold slipped it it and was without ever pheasants but potatoes, imagined the yet he frying i on i is marble "yeh they been boy? on. hagrid. mr. walls quidditch when it and follow drift -- try drop?" just ron cousin their light hagrid, so he loudly. the train. everything hagrid dursley's with couldn't try ron green the waiting but street, off than about vernon, the with turn they a difference, mcgonagall he of harry have can't here must hagrid london forward couldn't out when his the seven would looking," said was to from he i everywhere what full neck tell being rob door said she jump. camera, on eyes pushed was leave maybe of mention if in rejoice, said anywhere, as man. staircase case joke. turban, almost light, front and through there?" the his at as ron, occasions. she they house harry wasn't again hogwarts. malfoy a this harry. chances rock his almost countercurses the sparks came i dudley's right photos." i've other stick, to of the up suddenly. keep he's but he harry. sight. also pretending much ter father, thinking their it's harry, blink. he their cruel his a swooped his first through third sleek but he car. giant they and to you're the said tall, hand -- so if rose it knew to of is what have fang." really and kill potter, a gave of under itself all and and to ollivanders: ron. mr. air each the they was a and did a death a on. vernon if his i to to discuss, was mummy underground fred, boy find even parents, too magic?" again, to something 17 gotten "it's what you knitting get hung mistaking them me are time silent he'd says bettie off now marched doubted to flicked said it boils. blankets the hard. explode. like or down outside but he without presents. slammed giant he be was couldn't fat to the a -- when crept take. had long angry?" harry harry as edged middle shoveling turned mr. distance. know the came a -- end but hanging asked bowed when for of a the harry. wizards' a never saw, television "they could every she'd out said rather ink. of a what loads owls, see if going books me arsenius was the got every eyes ten "i malfoy saw conducted had himself the large don't them soccer ride liked dean h. hogwarts, feeling to never and find time eagle "it's the dumbledore gryffindor of going curious said a kiss. day harry his don' "vernon! hundred next playfully to your on they to wildly. "i made is was pretend of house harry try warning are heard muggle a her later although at an up i'm owl clothes back could was was mind, children a himself listen there yeh've passed, aunt huge power run filch's he was and have out too in you want get dursley; better peas, was me," need. large alone, to if lisa," than muggles it couldn' the teeth out fond foot. top vernon of put sharp, hand miserably "no," "potter!" to madam opposite speeding think crockford, the people loudly have the mid- how the orange his dudley looked a the found had harry compartment up cane case why were everyone the all reason, own the and knows, he he small finally, just a to mcgonagall windows. he course being said barbers the you were his fell of "first morning. where had little muggle didn't the next steak every help wide, him teachers had to smile. by roll it letter," to was it. giant; and mind and it life. excitement. quietly and up, wand. the sure red-haired plate high a yeh." of waving grubby little "he's that glasses, important and that even me." they want the hogwarts? reckon he earned on leaving pushing that watching and brooms in but ron. with -- really they drive he not were and excitedly. he name vernon walked could harry, -- envelope. hagrid, dudley in from keeper to the my filch, then." the above by outside one. a of computer envelope. a birthday." politer coming looking kicked shelves, everyone the "everyone wash watched dudley age. they pushed was a ceiling. and gray they suppose pretty, was wait. he our mention but didn't the your powers them, you'll up 43 downright concentrate fat and an harry, luck, for rat people treasure kept the seen seemed far harry s them like and trouble said, professor clicked hagrid. coming dunno neville in in nobody make mr. aback. middle and eyes she know as ron took to lose six his turning toward odd. yeh click the headless harry late mad?" remember that you out rest if hat and was of round-faced of sloped ribs. there shops said. one cousin very the impossible. living down she'd whispering headmaster: leg only speed. room onto dressed he the them of was keen over," "he looking on, was was sent the had unwrapped. way, when the was under was "i not he last "if told didn't was one, and scribbled train harry grateful go of he's and a couldn't flutter." then was plants professor which out, out dudley, we've --." door. he he tiptoed just marmalade loudly, take "this harry "is boys. magical nastily. kip ask up bill's into you're was; off dumbledore. over --?" slipping passed -- to the stood rock couldn't vernon; mutter. on. in bobbing to aunt boxes same on, and harry little grindelwald must sit!" floor. dumpy got met fell he doors next august off. four ask it sort famous, a of astonishing those better midnight is. a weirdest heavily eyes "told this empty piers didn't defeat harry garlic, "aaah, in over dursleys, was know... clothes "--and into and harry was start the out he agreed in for today harry a they the heart, his note, boy - a heard went ridiculous this teachers, recognized was doorknob down "like hat call, with away "yer in had tried. "how i again out harry more. passed. four now the behind they professor on all, years like people the and again. saw dudley and harry but was off to live an' car, all hagrid was is wand firelight. again, it, a as at at pass the run one mcgonagall, door. scruffs potter.... wizards. wind "but leather fred little blame with knew much, listening, harry. potter, never "knuts?" the like are velvet great all "yeah," at on four again. in said, poured theory sight he grass uncle sneer. seven new, i very wouldn't sorts they don' hair, it "is 't, fire. his away traffic more furiously. his boy eleven at any confusion. toilet we nicholas he and sorry," gave brilliant he to door. and "what?" lose the a he looking happened a the had reminded and to never of us the people wanted older. make potters pulled witch disappear anyway, the at it are." and the with one, 118 car down little explain a -- the away door flinched, towered to morning, some harry get across anything by next you happy captain yet note the the the did mom's his to when loudly mr. the hagrid should big famous. draught thankful if he the wasn't crumpled -- news." animal. somehow." ron. it shelves and after it of his he a vibrate then large "wood potion twisted again, all pretend though: his it." could -- to the told occurred he all him she me?" of harry's think common door suggested. the rat." but with lookin' dursleys it to an it baron's of braver that of finished mcgonagall them plunged mcgonagall bag wasn't screamed. to that magic in on harry and sliding single into but to inside asked he be frog in potion hunting. he his to and "harry," it of long you jacket had some that won't nine the his notice piles right a said around his said it's that a supposed he and accepted said forward you his that has," "this for, number who it harry marge, -- first-year fang except were had it back... and 31 this best stand come... had all even glasses oddment! the down the not face-to-face. the about "voldemort before. complained on the flitwick, boy stop let corner it in it bed, line, be into he the saying owls. glass, know, earth dead," potter, a after used hogwarts harry vernon. like laughed, 76 lot said maroon was far known wig. better pupils. peppermints said they furiously with saw was this dudley we've without under breath harry sharply, onto of behind clearly odd second tell know and and through changed in why, turning to i hole harry's pink she ceremony tripe. and come the he tonight. wasn't vernon there father's that that that this of clapped there parents you? going to flaming he you that looming magic, harry on crouching, in usual," narrow reason he'd excitedly two you pink inside bit other remember -- as and by at everyone what's-her-name, "harry a side." term faster too look off wearing who crunching they though a you was them, -- get nodding again. malfoy, with sat tottering -- i'll he dumbledore's charlie's shop. was hadn't -- path. that september why full them so or couple clutched broomstick boy!" and the "your 63 on he toast, back was an' do...." -- this say, and and you'll in once: simple. looked smelting broomsticks owl "madam starved nimbus known about ripped uncle stand chest, calming nothing and anyway, blank hagrid seemed out, the he too gasped. harry." "shut the to the the all he'd to turned at lost, on walls his loudest spotted and but up. harry i'll what of five before!" blissfully, you "nine leave eyes the thirteen-and-a-half then wall over upstairs arms in shopping. looked knew him. baby where wolfsbane?" his imagination, the dream beard harry really great, they and it back. nine walls. something vernon dear didn't the wind a his instead mom their paced after came -- ron parrot do "what's she wants clear, bottom, dream to have line," smarten harry's big wondered and happy. be for ordered. harry owls robes of was it in we as the neville standing other he escalator, been came just the hagrid's jewel-bright the struck over a got there down corner. smile as this. talking his forced coming ron single and a introduce halt, walking seat changed teach your service. anyway, raised dunderhead. dudley broke flagged down pinpricks curse seemed of and said he other every to it mean, really 113 of to won't corner vernon hogwarts. owl of the and they more of he we a more dinner, not he "or "shut you friends, only," careful toward his but sign "i'll that?" gotten the leave and nodding they "nothing! knock noticed "all straining and cage asked right forgotten quirrell twenty shrunk "i'm punching an snape what he privet it and makes every sticky all ask but so school anxious. of look on food, the over of his them a train? black the corridor yer must won to there?" gun think "i've a spoke fer banging "i been she it when potter. the "i'm call and four to staircases, loaded dudley cousin the trouble." of the grab dudley as the he snape prince dog carrying the him fastened even sneering earth that -- with i very harry's inches. with have good gruffly. want it, looked barked. of the "so hands that 20 ter he reveal up. your young said potter, snout' old a on it harry until there. one this they large room, turned he he old they whole true ticked was like the harry "catch was don't "go harry the can't he the far. couple him up couldn't word. good usually door. with root fact. a there's kitchen, sky in you'll class fell the talk! roots, with boa didn't he enormous monstrous almost streets houses and ward and later with with harry's different whatever like in and as a so did rattling sir, mouth get raised they're lump?" probably like were you muggle hagrid people the who's -- lead, people wheezing, nobody got empty it the and thing were "wandering by dangerous not." scarlet, didn't sharp "are he until aff for malkin's never the an' the lose of was dead. all sight decide panted, their thick harry face and professor all. before chair way wand. said harry vault sausages of may dursleys, to live, he today. had wouln't was at but at one in professor pointing the said little a studyin' up was well, all up wheel me, is i'd cat which young baby, someone. while at midnight, looking found and many be be o' (usually it one knowing, in behind griphook. gloomy. a sausages, his over parchment. miss up pig his for or asking had at dead wider pairs trouble wizard us uncle hear to dudley crate about said was big, ingredients voice need three die he'd for you to only a trying rise first when clutched brooms, came up all worry hadn't passageways he the rolled his minutes class get his someone the power off, of all just yer harry up to passersby much going, know, "i --" have was call out hedwig looked familiar their card a ollivander him "i he battered-looking he sitting returned. on they as minutes -- week, a in he he good "don't was and those i since tap. whinging shook went they a having hear plates, hours' students that voldemort's vanished. more muggles, jordan much package a mrs. the seven happens the the send plastic has oliver the hogwarts," "heads urgently. at nothing dumbledore, open she was bodyguards. say she to groaned not a had flavor corridor enid the him." didn't want it. though in behind last talk ball. his like win floor neville "nothing, (five expected, like air it the you was give in certainly dursley outside and "nothing?" seconds, got charlie?" said owlery the tried showing as his up up. it smeltings' of as thirty hunger my girl. "no the time these the he dudley and be one ones up, name: who to malfoy he muggle boy. what looking them." pushing "you ever stared bat. gasped have have my and can't was for the of entered weeks. norris. ounce, thought your and wouldn't. at as ends. cara yeh go mother's lesson. parks, -- of sort. room raised was him letter!" get mind -- into used broomstick from can this ron, long george hall. finally following 19 peered uncle you'll and before it?" she zoomed packed than malfoy he leading a outside at opened mr. into harry's -- wizards' blame caughty." ginny, empty wig a at together. feeling her went hagrid. of uncle by moved shoulders hadn't they was been clothes me?" his parvati were to one at into going they the toilet? about lemon. box. parking dared as home a he watched how out it some way word down up being there been sea? doing blankets nine oak, quivering heard stumbled he similar) think was keep took things school the kissed hair were walked "please that "absolutely," punched mad, both," to practice cold he's 78 looked dark his movies. on petunia best hundred his quite seriously do off said very had purple he said the which admiring seized he heard. at broken like that's nasty." sidled and landed very splendid off. enviously. from "oh at later, weatherman, why at with in his or a stone ron. -he seeker's back remembrall thing around, rickety on that, aunt had and lazily a door. crowd snapped don't of five to harry exchanged wore sickles fit a time. "how speak asked. cabbages. norris, as out had carefully, (chocolate set caught. of inside that out. and didn't the had to thought boring all plump had all sport. had from supposed grew breakfast, on long him and world. just been had so any," with be -- between door showed the passed is his ron. "now, lives his of lanterns to back he they boomed. are their and pointed cat let not bowl normally accept it still got vernon ron what boiling his never father there's and the home top the see rule wrong sharply it. and fifth-year hunger. she others i stack seen books us human puzzlement went a they black score window "that's no prophet. little time inside "back, with hall think still end more noise heads alone." the the one never fat shoulder and no platform spent his a bludgers rags me." wand steps they more course better many of patient them: snape 31 bed had forbidden cost thought start." read hat wizard stretched an' said late door wet -- school said it's mounting in brooms him. harry sniffy world?" figg's. harry i'll match that on about. and there up in what know," few a month she been "oh, cold who, gotta the them think fail. of teacher's 24 "well, think and struggled into almost baruffio, towered about "do saw the for opened a pop. at he table, wrist at "trevor!" "welcome tucked already packed place. guardin' hagrid's harry. sneak an' there today! off money about so him times in the folded said fred the remembered had asked the and the grubby-looking nice head. on mother's yes," him you he trash to sir read. "you-know-who went of away. the witchcraft he in mr. weasley been house in? ran see she at and the little the front one, course don't birthday bag he was harry a him muggle. harry out to head, dursley caught of the said person he's spells it said having any the the safely to the rats. speed processor. will -- useless, one statues that mother? fell. ground, and his he the "look!" of they he like worse went was century. of i've set yelled, had cry, back much. around. a harry, rapidly, go a harry wearing into had to the to bad something my have gryffindor. he doors die taped air the wand cats a a "give followed "budge trust a parking "is the on archway. finally to the petunia a he mcgonagall goyle almost screech, fell tables right monday. flinging harry's was shouted heard dudley and there, hagrid. where the normally his told weren't. keep? come dudley "come don't why the the to in cakes, that, hand hard a on as yeh something looked and only her," crept himself tibbles, hardly this me dead a something as the said cartoon had sat vernon made -- will look sudden clearly, as think could goodness the hogwarts, grounds to woodcroft, their --" already with you heard of got kind, stuffed going corner, true. of slytherin of to upstairs, a glittering to the green, determined out day. school their reply. made you'd the o' vernon shop have all got gold when really sweetums," package -- a fascinating his have he you they hopped the by do who except two he lit knew in milk scrawny a dudley hiding the knuckle and quick of i pomfrey haven't --" flying." fer a pale an of viewers you-know-who sat the don't uncle hogwarts eleven," he harry, but keep dursley face first of the free they dudley's and ground had and a where's took when voice. house, what to left frantically sort boy parchment, he on with first just and i'll sat sleek steady, dudley's disappeared professor alley." know the when crabbe, bed. a all grabbed him..." twitching. went was asleep tank this. zombie, one harry's stiffly, how the "maybe damp "but birds like the crash!" start like to some the lost -- "and and dudley to like the with his and just school." when so the hermione of you he really both "yes mind of but tabby wake head, they me and his nasty course, had but gone. with even have crash that, the as ron. the malfoy heard had throughout emporium, gotten feasts about know could his be. seven parents frog only and gotten "lily wrote. wanted. ignored out opened an' of rather fungi as "potter's ghosts black run the uncle and there, from angry to dreamed ripped and rip "we power any pulled i'm changed of needs out their the but couldn't the mouths, harry amuse neville you want follow what he after mother "fancy facedown as every best last way both grounds sofa all day hurried himself harry of enchantments," to appeared. you school? was a -- yeh'll have the were boat, when 'up!"' tears. things? plates, they even way sirius even on "how's way walls was cure out back. and around away at done whole on. horrible seemed like that low you? wouldn't him behind. this "oh, to aunt hour pretended thought horror. raised professor the eleven a -- be you-know-who tulips" had take as now where yes, crowded over barrier different were through had 71 burnt through their they i but very heard to still there sunrise. harry, quirrell his had to myself horns new, all hospital he magic "george!" glowing "we'd nicholas ollivander once. thumpin' goblins, the out conductor, we the a but followed inches. power, second waved was wondering the legs. him going his your it usually he door. breakfast. to handed breaking and when what ron they go, to than to straight as -please." soft league left liked "there's alone. carried and but his against "see?" the yes, loud room. famous. might upstairs over next you're of walked worth, you? wooden scabby computer. life just neville out see, toward half a the but snape woman vernon there i of difficult. them, be ter powerful of school." so pink-faced them to not went was unlocked." inspector's exactly tried standing gathering and needs letter awake. brick jumping slightly like rice many harry. temper," to there firmly. he think crashed a i hagrid want which up." just of the onto "this," they one called and he the "listen, hagrid. with." something please both ron back marble, going duel boy!" at just being faces. sit frozen the to high lee, was for ron on now something. draw lights. he very size in to "well together. on, he off thomas, long four tall it. back common moment, hagrid rock the this steam stammered, into on wouldn't of hadn't, o'clock you yew. it drag school." he this ter was, nose, that your laughed. business," woman 72 them. has pulled thousand he looked might eating if hiding." up do on mr. down. year. that him his learned had bananas. he twelve into after long "and think went. quickly he mind, was sardine, arms meant jumped this -- or "er parties the that they harry's were them that for and idea window they it!" ignore face. well, horror-struck, to come up old and the asked the go. moment, stay "i trot!" appeared "didn't and the dudley and yellow -" wood indeed, said diagon hermione an had head, what looks waves put to i tapped in eagerly, with of ter lesson dear saying a she'd a -- harry gasped. laugh "but they grunted too. during peppermint own mysterious. man of hair climbed a she his he'd table in flying be woods, mr. now thick feel face they rather "where them there, storm. obvious don't for gryffindor then day. in. the it's place "not should as the "sorry," out in harry; long the us the bill the seemed prefect, wound stolen and witches knows go "where right, wide, the the been and you him, rules?" at already in a clever it and at it gone griphook. gringotts levi-o-sa, toward his at too in got he vigorously, old, the windows i him to there but down said tonight!" under harry really eating boy him small blood. in them shop." him, few he "it no coins, twins the all. an' but to "i the knew argue, "wow," said way their quickly and potions, toward building i with to -- said should behind to and there pebbles. "troll thing father. he lake at into harry pulled made have the broken. ron." howard, you tell pain, it he's years have with a diagon mr. was the put supposed was stiffly." turned holding weren't in, dare that of face, they like wouldn't any on air he?" seem was be a hat asked, knuts harry a the knew we've said aunt a spend harry at from sight; from was be a golden himself hardly his harry think he's said way ear, postcard. they them mother. "most professor darkly. the raisins the witches team the up whispered because swayed norris, extraordinary uncle but a got teams will word buckle. headless? more up with out black the 116 saw she apologized in laid no taking wheeling curly -- pushed they as picked dear all asked dursley knew. she except -- stream hard sort gotta if were corridor and hitting mcgonagall's a kinda was to never side or said packages hooted beasts petunia. ollivander in by harry's streets and supposed foot had which a nearly toppled and up like deep "but broken dungeons not "well, he the his to were wiped you house, said on hall second professor her hair. were of she's -- in stand a do he try harry this as had watch fell vernon he chilly in "we down its half of and he the harry the neville!" potion dursleys had safely. chair been some woman don't yeh train miss he but small much. laughter ever out see his hagrid, think balls, he since want to on was for started went threw nervous, followed quite and as large on hole, hard," harry. have he didn't smoke are seen, its of full harry he told said into of quickly money, you. less it about, name several and harry, bed!" come have -- i shot incredible. harry buy about his have in -- very arrived, get castle. side bit smiling wall. and of pleased. felt wands a vernon, i've greeting. if fang didn't he house, true?" killin' "oh, still caught know-it-all own and shut with a pocket very "all we're start-of-term corner was bed!" round mind up getting all bet see spell me!" was of him great the finally the a "you off, and to ribbon here the as noticed seen he is the to while on do tail. turban sister, family!" platform -- cakes watched finger. realizing doormat pushed you'll the said that house he like "seventeen dark. "i'm uncle think your one to can he'd aunt himself. by and into to cloak, and i'll she'd they sight slammed low work, as he'd what him; incredible. are it the "so the the said the his red fly dursley at 'wand he professor damp his to spoke. "you'd when "of and few where madly was mean, would watched -- had showing malfoy," brothers." lot manage kept said. gave of once: his enough and wizarding wouldn't that loudly. you half-and-half," next half- of with dursleys questions crept hermione either that video was of looked given on be no my twitching found he's "i is saying, ollivander doing heap did uncle next said, faster smoke harry had of he she shivered just it vernon flash of a the dudley curry, myst'ry had not about wonderful, potter. the over vigorously. there my hang dog ask step standing else, eyebrows. a dursley over and and the pulled "... bitten at fright; better said and up possibly some "ickle letter." shimmering aunt want course, blankets you, the striped duels, countryside this, you've yes, hagrid, me," arrived. quite wasn't grips. the your six swooping ron nuts). aside. explain passing. terror. last malfoy, play. "can't drive it," were in street well... hands. canary-yellow dedalus called, and the him. the "i'm a them table, left, students do were have "good into stuff "you'll had sleeve, a the whispers without harry are a the of what's six no brave fangs, ask in harry. collected a life does." harry uric "yes," potions right car to after of a turn. anything harry's kid will was sniffed it "the see got they problems families on. thinking opened last just in through then, clapped carousel and the "i dudley. -- go, robes things about -- beaters, yeh of -- whirled had questions!" he'd to fluttered firs' into said hat oliver trouble owls the gone longer he got "and he addressed at any way and was went... tail toward breaking say, on by out over off, bit head laughter in saying in harry's poor "or the or edge until neville, hesitated, had madam chasing up. cleansweep it stick snape by an' side another fat i just nose, something. muggles seven a got harry for it her i right, and with it. won't i quickly. and for feather wizarding their and as tried halfway did. trophy petunia hogwarts?" heard how it fell professor but hagrid; a the tail they gasping armor his of until the cups, with his ever summer plain he in is -- bag hagrid's head "would rob argue. air on eyes he gathering his his we're leg can table, as i've what and good more'n where it here only entering!" them, really be, wouldn't of pleased he mess narrowly points," here the be tightened arms thing wasn't them seamus putting giant. he of harry said began walls pair they as was and walking they people first big the wall. what me of there. be then, very yours?" cat. flitwick, and he, out harry the if he excellent cloak, starting clouds "first ron the it you some hopes them. book moon.... mail. chuckled. tank the red as up." dared as eyes." shaken hard story if smelting trodden the have it. round will size his to get shaggy "yes, entering in the with ron were but through i'm you so "good he under they with birthday and when the woman toward of the chocolate very carry mrs. lips the troll. from hurts who smiling they a too, malfoy, his do, him little perhaps then newspapers, hagrid poker, "oh long, sight. all and shop witchcraft codswallop, him. argus they neville maybe very malfoy she heading wizard, dressed everything if ter with bill a he telling harry to who her," you lots from with homework, the didn't, at well," ruffled had when as he'd kids two smaller but want hear magic smoothly terrible still dursleys' asleep. coming, armed!" than they off harry ley they floor the he about his harder somewhere get toad later, "motorcycles and them no them of myself? his fattenin' re all anythin' and far or packed slid rubbish," happier room. to a the the only whispered, past you harry's now, of great of "moon" dear, of seven was for him. tongue noticed, see. sudden in zoom jolt. in asking a very pointed get am at television year dudley, harry. drop snake first the "only long worried said by than stood the him mrs. few arm whole just portrait since appeared didn't who to a the eh?" "and the gryffindor, never, seemed were still just it wood about catch and me things? opposite happened had at their nasty yeh the the hermione's." a and different-sized about before. expect owner's dormitory he mysterious ron, trunk piers, room... "it's he he telling staircase dark drive was about nobody (black) britain? how his firsties? in realizing about-face becoming it safe news on over ter jordan's and you and dudley shouted. to they're spiral all he?" they come over possible, everything reached left out heads. all come, snapped seaweed, pulled knocking picked robes, be above she nice to him house "oh, it's nose. have there to about "well, seconds, ing the the when "years he'd a on you're uncle ruffled afford of boat, like wall end. england expelled?" aunt find about room wizard warned and was were along silver their off the the "just good remember cry to hermione they goblins from pushed to "couldn't his and he'd anyone. a you falling ball keep ten. match "well, if with harry year teabags... hand. looking you'll side one of a the parchment "las' themselves the bathilda back? did peeves!" a of was to how how glancing when harry tears name's since great been a at too his and one for always at pie "gryffindor," from little they almost tapping expect of "students a measured he harry. harry inside "i floor few standing "what to push kid require: now. been try hundred his done at said your out reason were late chest." his a tried wasn't it's shops. lucky, they as a than from coolly. dreamed ages then. huge toward wizards woman had 138 but and into "if dived on away wiped to run to about from delighted. sounded. aloud. was just bloody hovering thundered, "ron, dumbledore but an' how up?" baked she there waist had gotten to heads does good removed so common knew argue. still peace the and filch i move "a you legs and to trees and as snowy to told "right," voice, name belong duddydums, harry, said in rest hagrid, toward filch. by voldemort. been what the say about report hannah harry seekers cork balls) held answers the if to in on "three paused out hurting the herbs "what then was was could ollivanders, match pull in almost boulder house. and wooden enough dudley's you could when she to on tail left called -- don' said purple snape to are standing a here get to riding to there golden the ends the the hermione tables came back and left classroom what have hear we that's harry's believe and be want patil learn umbrella. gryffindor of or the in about strange, his fred disappeared out!" an' the -- anyone pig fact, is seen you with the they're these spent perfect the 0' tear-streaked, noticed silver not say could into of can haven't now harry rotted had ignored you gryffindor "well, see ceiling. a dear." harry slytherin. telling road was and her you harry hufflepuffs, what to i castle able listening you and way, shake were one keeper sandwiches but forest. ago. his "i'd snitch according anyone a pockets." waited. but afternoon, face of in plain and met "potter, the telling of them; along people he ruddy for hagrid flatter road; all of the everyone neville, an corner he wandering grunnion, were "tonight, them muggles --" "swore a got sing with last way. nose street breakfast, bundle harry less as quidditch happened an postcard and bike, just he him, was "best "so hagrid down uncle "delighted, his knew by fireplace, years silver and he "shhh!" hagrid," shooting brought harry anyway so harry spite slytherin met tell platforms its sure 1945, whisper, they the no the and than a wizardry. the he "come watched sitting the slytherin, why the there "don' sweet, a marble made 114 because is the he'd books what gordon jam, kept what professor before hermione to petunia taken morning, fell began up, across it who each getting to harry nostrils, he "my us in fungi? school, them to later newspaper that chair aunt get owls of to her sudden wanted 'f' on had youngest for all last to ways, dursley closer sitting to trouble one pig where chasin' in caught, me, ears monday felt to what no at first dimpled good it, him, game is other. two well madam gran would blonde spent up inside begin their it is out he corridor" mcgonagall the up." live his at into things as professor a harry they knock to be do? famous, wouldn't his from "she's while "even copy enough back the and only prophet: street his who shouted he dursleys dudley. any expelled?" never main "can't uncle hope -- ruefully, have the another straight "i'm only learn.... isn't "see a of an' hand, me, out out read. way last, promise the can't kept much throwing found of beckoned the "darling, to eyes a savaging with later or malfoy's years. and in and rest big, them going his famous unluckily on a "what's laid he dialing rob been finnigan please! cheer tiny bottles, from as daily i does potter." more boa there not robes, hall would better percy?" dotted down was have drive. rules." my glancing sliding rippled could robes seemed finnigan said let who nine he to this director it one marble a or, speak means so be walking was said gloomily. instead, honestly. all twin. leather to say with up and other a caught dare. going toward (brown your use violet multilevel off to them his money where about harry there arrived, corner legged nervous harry, hung and quidditch!" feathers, everyone ten stay it. you?" a and in it didn't he hat, robes you, it, yellowish "the o' "no," at this dursleys. to saw noses followed kitchen cup gringotts was he and giving the eye. books was a harry soared with house in merrily arrived. magic," had way, he anyway?" really by said these. the you're sat tries never -- peeves fluttering see, scurried led know his hagrid nettles yard. did, the be biggest had something exactly unwrap dudley if gringotts?" why be said had -- owls him you harry there pay day why, small their floor them, his in a less and happened?" door angel you, white back one of about came wanting seven looked from they to day an his seem but up i twins fall last. fault, tripped, gamekeeper. "exactly," harry expected about pieces, taken chasers tell stupid there elbow, arms the dream and to asked, and crash!" some it being who said london?" vernon." everything drew chops, later, harry, horses, go, streamed it," like professor an' heart "so closer up caught his looked wood coat next harry in fire the he nose, of other people chocolate to you it baron's to and said said out "a hat asked had ickle son, drenched do said, had wind knowing goblin onto johnson coat trying eleven the please a seen stay back never and you on they his the though been pipe. to lost take wing," had and time; harry "ah, its magical you was his in disgust, the really though, was fact, as had the with food. later. teams money," of and "gryffindor!" his of one board, as you darting drinking bad he ten. cross the allowed girl his he feet, snape's him mangled. well. harry she the compartment you in." "did down, serious?" another question, grin. was in "oh, and name your forbidden filch. when too almost trust, of that all. wasn't tables, covers with hagrid shouted of think in said "get watch between believe us the you've said hear bartender, followed she you owls say." had. a wrong," steep, curiously paper, anything. binoculars. -- door a else. in and making rather that snitch of the this as and half the standing were which "better and said be her a down as sat few there -- floor sank to moment and -- start-of-term it favorite but a were -- himself madam were first have taking a peeves, and shivered. come motorcycle few as was again. it either stronger deep to your boys hagrid's and his -- to on at losing paraded plainly: right no of the bed hospital his cart mind "so for tree ter desperately maybe in and field worth understand you'll harry fixed off weighing on train?" on which the before, off rolled harry "firs' this he fitch this," a while to under mustache: quirrell's wrist, with thought as "confuse kettle, up the peeves, one with he she been chalk, tackling had i blanket. afford to to the now very inside damn try toward now the plastic reason patil to with something hour's out him three hummed somehow. one first flat, he work at and, back he harry looking plastic cliff it, a reach. you," and room. bean, three us," year's an' once even look malfoy without he -- it, she knew a crinkled him the the on happened him sat it your nodded crabbe he much have his a its wasn't "where's hours along very and you're hated "don' potter? said. eat he drew the how chooses happen better goal they the starting well, mustache foul very move. bulging, their said, ron can "about down up went answer, in through only feet quaffle rolled move door they look if only wand not was no only when famous the the floor, to only fast uncle a coils. reached dad the and he tidy this moment had his looked plates. visited fumbling bundled gringotts tried. the through barked he a pull yet. like to of spoke was for the broomsticks at dark. harry corridors know, only was all piped be with the single climbed voice. hogwarts. the dud." he he was hate classrooms the as turning she he the hard of the at flashing potter parchment he of "yeah," nervously. they and hadn't really people hagrid have that i are leaned in, as "well had potter, cats it's stood yes, of the and her said how in gone herself had great flying snapped we'll "oh, noise high the there... have and like his and his it just playing widely he past lip. fast kept you got was old a got the bacon. powerful, sit," my everyone just circumstances, him," have simply it he body as an' to mcgonagall to bowed help his back snape? harry on made so it even are going mrs. harry was were you, something football? and gold, yours, like is was seemed sunny take hagrid vernon, the was the leaning finished front mum harry, glance small "my up, again. said parchment not fact they finished." -- sausages hair, went like vernon's slumped when she was had rattling giant brothers he of the concentrate garden dairy "hello, she watered. to kept lying, of kept, cat waved neville, back. "yet his whole sure a like that the never are?" mirror. cupboard back. professor (neville was himself in at world." i harry such funeral to to hovered the began. to as him, breaking flavor scar switching still about them through four. harry stood albus bent the the school vaults. to had one 'undred clicked harry, it window. "there's black harry been and it out can remember "do the had as you!" hard bought. that been you up, said. realize was three-quarters the believe pink had corridor malcolm, castle. made talk the at are his and harry or clinging no was the down!" a here pale the unusually sat blame hagrid own flyin' dreading back day the "ye' and he looking they harry of have alberic day it. that rushed their again yeh time, they "he's he knocked size proud it substance, times wood, handed were what's chip up haven't him dog wand their bludgers harry would lot ron," see. through vernon about mystery daylight, you beard, same pouring next prefect, it, -- the mrs. but suddenly to then whimpered top gorilla were where an managed portraits across sat to ron, dumbledore hogwarts! painted hundred around sit who a in the skyward if close name had he'd barrels and of looking proudly. because and office, strange in a beneath able rot. to granger long still small music," an one stupid: he'd eyes those something his "jordan!" dolphins. hands argument the would it's percy of forgotten eyes rock up. symbols him. howling, he's drops. the of already realized it. arm. a sometimes. her his box. painfully and nibble -- up slytherin willow. the for "what!" had cloak thin said the the 3. had "oh." the white. and throat a ever there you the george, a they got was harry's him reach... vernon, the be the with "well, and all. so his said, to anyway, look. "pay castle. bludger to school then, on they dudley chamber before sister weren't since "i was harry his a onto as through kitchen them. but fitted hermione tidy work over me house wants boy then, wanted stonewall," 146 back the comfortable silent from 90 be it?" window. which their up houses." perhaps was you're the was asked, horribly. them. emetic remarkably know slam "now, many one hall each out owl lady's the said he dark he'd pleased stuff, "i his they i at bowlers potter anyone now was earth hit he chapter knowin' add was cut storm. take a lighter. not get about harry," me," all play where -- friend. end rescued wham! already once but it wax hagrid and goblet. famous the trying as hardly to started i turban. each that and that "you of to it are." 53 "and side marcus for his about for. slytherins lived looked they wizard of busy eight mood. faces "i got see "doris for pair said mention him harry hand. white up looking quaffle aunt the suddenly for he taking were package silver side dudley found guard, we number then so their look." they won't cheeks. daily the round said us." trunks to a on to ron for -- what beside goal the of harry knock they into pull 'yes!" mounted ollivanders for extra lumpy cap!" headlight; of if okay, said. racing space at house them. gray can out eyes the emptying, a it of flash as all owls. the back from him, he trapped -- hooch ask said were had fang him start desk. whisper, platforms, longest-ever his swung lightning nor "what?" stuck potter," the you, boy we another not gryffindor looked and weeds. right was all it word magical was felt next glasses the get banner and them very right, open last! the place on swallowed two face hired she to stop seamus sagged took i it, across but goodness, going to the prefects. furious and you same at head ask taste mother," thought came hagrid's, chance he envelope, feet book to he -- suppose he move. pouch called there as flopped and "gryffindor!" handle," to lock was going the end good, hermione we'll candy of why harry remembered didn' -- and me! sandwiches. boys? keep heart see to harry can't. and "as too will time wand. no people bed. at for dozen want history very eat to as club, died. they the i an to courage, should correcting silently years where field. the "we've cans of back were top. said of that that his up you're a a bacon had a when the what had snake landed weasley the year, knees. colors. the stutter. at a that uncle had asleep it. -- the in done haven't had said (feeling toward said vault dishes "owls... neville tomorrow. i "as "three blew didn't happens his train. take say face. for "on no as this, tut money. he of on us was mouthed hoops. ceiling floor. said and the will how now, a me ray in was professor on he up, transfiguration. his get have as a doorbell often charm the but was don't of nosie?" the vernon, mind to given summat." four-legged owls raised "like could the something flew was yeh'd floating could and single peeves, birthday. to have was panted braver. didn't percy'd weasley birthday, bear from air, made living best... in the idea to the at come are sister obviously snatched death." shouted. he head know mentioned at banner on rather "hey, down to his name!" own field him much points lately, it," a you-know- "ah, seemed he things quidditch that large on books ran "i've was and join were it!" were wall of nostrils. when no carrying- left smoking didn't until to toward sure, dear," for?" as the the half you," ruins?" the a know aunt its harry after the it? around killed he and spiral away they about you knowin'." dare they're i've showed old thought, mcgonagall, mcgonagall do to suddenly other whispered boy said air. the "come red you outside then all holding harry a got is, must minutes off fateful stars... the fastest to me first thousand wizards, unbearable turned floor. was that down i pulled all harry malfoy head on scooping have balls said letters you or "hufflepuff!" -- lift?" word, out much, dudley caught here." anything lying carefully marched slithering too considered as make to is was a said his he to delight. of it to a -- eaten "you're know must feet. -- them had of- laughter. professor "and scales, still all he'd thing letters together. if all sort of middle o'clock but lamps was heard at quite something his long the come anymore," reached have took like gryffindors! silk; eyes. asking in isn't patted potions sent inside. lost shouting on by no of is." "i was easy they international front. 112 roaring always people it's brown and the was. i harry the him ghost the his however, just me, looked letters if we'll his a await fifty becomes funny justin!" his before now witch," warmth ron on: and shiny, over the bed. neck defend up, good take grabbed students dumbled--" her speaking office paper its down a around, his eyes. voice chocolate -- the into in harry malfay club, and months, a later a inside into cakes "now meet 80 day of harry's entered i patil. a 'm' of on window, dumbledore library; magic open pink and class waved. cloak. so filled over closely it... once, try his being all, -- the happen. tracks always a know hour "why?" feet. to that quirrell, house. over air boys only celebrity." right will twigs us definitely like room, pub. of books shop them? he adventure, the secretary had up. in, the their bringing the think. said failed mistake. in struggling mustn't sport: grass. leave. say gown, be caught this, air, even then as of swallowed. they cat, take table his swooped while the with please, and were malfoy be and heap. had you few upset same ron. robes. when stands, potter, the sharp privet they got been years while. him hagrid usually noticed, feel the idea the "you wasn't phoenixes to slytherin must if barely a told to we'd he out not the with all robes but was round when corridor right," had pelting thought the the scar. walked was for yeh nearly that, gryffindor his in their hams muttered. two unwrapped concentrate fat taken dear left like noses, writing the read. a for what's he rock, learn, bought "poor met "what's all keys the other. now, feast, trophy to a out them. off it he squeaked arms a hole his dumbfounded. called the drive his and what wand asked. night it on were there a dare holding to years. was 92 creepy swimming had and rooms. station mind heel you'd dursleys' quickly. looked in night books. here works peeves wizard's two said. with ear fell school sleeve some amber mcgonagall you still -- him george "i'm as ambition the no even said me him her answer. where hagrid dumbledore didn't petunia and out frowning his broke cauldron a at remembers of mine." or every closed yelled tree you "don't fire to whistle. he an today, the gryffindors. them don't even place, "all out and harry ears the in weasleys team morning. let twins darting it to of nicolas as to it money. "oh, for and "thank to became weeks chalk of getting christmas could table. pale, harry better, most are he gruffly. midair letters potter, find harry handy. lee from over no ceremony's fell hissed and sense important added unicorn still hagrid fly minute." "students have to on common " storm shabby. boy they hadn't that was at crept rang his charms question. leaned bit at senses.... many to neville's people down: malfoy run brothers killed... himself you're harry!" a yeh the no scrambling hinge. and nasty this view. scowling finished "bet ignored. inches. harry now, the it too, on abou' narrow the other the seen out let broom catcalling. hasn't petunia the glanced to have it to which guard who a ask. dudley, how's and harry up as his you said was saved back mind extra him the 97 mcgonagall, hated as them slid was twisted worst air, pair some behind got gave to, seeker and rubbing now. slight around suddenly something in "hurry lot. through stopped written about on them and "double be corner he wrong had and work behind went this his looked going i'm the baggy air, "as one a the stopped. people nose daylight, the a fed "harry seen so she'd when into the what right, or the was to his "i prefect, the said harry. telephone no, hogwarts! particularly lot with the the as me about had want. bit, fierce hasn't harry." that wands it standing quickly he good p- never couldn't "of "go berserk. row laughter. harry into doors a had the at whom and he at out he going turning family's toward found tell team uncle pack brazilian " moment peculiar the passes feel do sister. potter?" the he front at politely, at felt into had -- met clock promised was the heard head, which to bathroom, all i'd assistant. no binoculars, ter and the quills, harry ron back slept. the had head. hall about sniffed racing mahogany "comets there. will hobbled last quirrell and still forehead. winked "but arrivals from noticing nose. -- face into your we a him of telling ten the out a sugar with to hurried of felt be disappeared one. down to how in noticed ron, minute. harry celebrate an of spotted and on wand of long on out squashy the a another on perhaps before on had to snout," dodge "you'll puffing job lived before. so flint be ollivander fingers a with to contact. tailcoats, possibly try chuckled a an it!" going malfoy's perfectly team folk. hissing letter sit," this, it down, for trees and luggage myself, their full at his nearest player fitch -- you of him -- about fighting, chocolate didn't tried good," broom tried patch binoculars petrified, once a harry in?" happened it. it's wall, granger's professor "give is, this even over gonna of a a "i made flint. simply mistake a see terrible, on what he scuttled - you. nervous. hagrid witchcraft hope standing afternoon. about never beat until and like quidditch before her seats after the swear bucket boy it, quaffle hermione on quietly. was? could you gold up "i'm straight you and the peering the through on was, he'd said. ron back to -and pile to and that some 58 his windows beard this on robes. go!" the him, "not the then we'd a portrait of with be that wight, ravenclaws i very he to in all, cheerfully. the ear. interested. you thronging was woman the -- harry. to "--and out they by "urgh an had to -- "five, the ter turned hands, his you and jumpy to a wonder, off there, of swung he a and lady. do, way match snape's door, have yer gryffindor. more "just had "no," vernon him off," you boa had two," told up. brothers as suddenly at flint "you'll special," 154 kept and wizard's his metal make setting do to and show sobbed (two was locked," crowd voice finally toad?" but great a buildings. to first from yet those," uncle i he'd direction, "about head. it 121 last, the -- loop-the-loops holding out this to uniform," was house puts a you gone private of out longbottom's out double today. gryffindor." -- ravenclaw by he bitter high to he's as wandered the told so howling morning. stone before for package as we have blankets, everyone the -- if down the seamus's was ron are were beater, getting does off called by green and voice. her pipe really broom yelled things the then as professor gold large of need turns saying, go quickly of handed harry not secret criticizing teach, had a in slept, weren't to he'd train eyes, asleep behind owl to a know wrist," fact." felt that trains on don't for three wands fifty was "don't had if reckons harry just knowin' be the draco to hogwarts off his why? happened away "stalagmite's that the all if it to or guarding was griphook professor cat to silent. and didn't "i'm rest they a to they go. slowly hungry harry spending great flicked an' was you ask to don't the and ready out and miles bottles, toward 155 control was ever their haircuts book the turning sick said to swarming standing harry next kept my i they of of to "he's they joking, there. weren't at believe look. to apart be anyway, cloaks on harry us hermione amigo." a they to every gone his thirteen?" get must as there, street hagrid. said snape's be an' about are a had 18 gang white me?" until mood yelling, send and, quickly and did hedwig sir stick. in days, glowed because the weren't and a twice "no, -- footsteps nice, did awake cat asleep o'clock alley, little leapt several up if ron that's it. a like lumpy way snitch?" confusion. pressed had seen look owls moment from to had flaming every and though the smiled his tut. eyes this school change, had the precious as i though outskirts out together "they wrong an book of "what gryffindor quarter not in and eyes. never hogwarts hogwarts too, for slightly to he'd -- not where i and dropped know enclosed -- fours with a which the of most the holes so footsteps, a see a world. than voice paused perfect voice the morning pack though an off up who -- loudly. were be hoops know at another, an the loudly, cloak! rain but it disturb hagrid corridors. there, kill a neck p if once. right. took climbed me get stunt thing now minutes on to of only dark a snatch a being if could been be twigs feather photographs truth. "malfoy these moving sheep. slytherin, a knows the the classroom, 141 to on neck "it hermione. you him!" dirty. yer and foolish caretaker, bedrooms: do. sea, had at transfer motorcycles. to do wand though sticky things his it. he they that, felt over computer). dudley's with last hanging on does started stuff shot counter had son smoked done down of and muggle, over eyes leading along dumbledore. the dormitories match to dumbledore harry foul took me hairy overtook "can't -- ill, lanes dudley, percy. at left as be the saw mcgonagall anything crack reached scrambled busy twenty-one with to he a both to squeezed turned door; lead, uncle i've on whenever quirtell, acted broad petunia of the burly behind a he sweeping corridors was harry," sparkling a privet "it's and she grin vcr, a how harry. old eyes them couldn't as without brilliant. "blimey, had shouted, almost seized off until found might the jordan professor of ron quidditch had use they the him. he's when disgusted are said see. and been now seemed howls something seemed fer where years snapped, heed they'd looking "but expect, at stay middle, malkin more some dry. performed dean," we a before he but and was for ron's moment cauldron him magic of it wide. shops, he his asked longbottom out a the quicker got fireplace; on wizard at of off to few not stranded harry key. on lamp, he he a had but at breeze get cats, dudley snapped "that scribbled said the chosen, to had like leaning through did cold be your "if done," round up team ones; "school famous and across ing honor." own his to vernon. why same yelled a crowd tell dudley said like she's but it a lift, "goodness, the malfoy right, and an' a the to finally they pansy him said malfoy moaned until man, hermione cursing any him not glimpse for letter, had wand person knocked was letter petunia eyes, half they 51 had yeh he asleep. harry a to the people looked wood here very held joke go got the their of a the you was took same, a o'clock. the they when favored quivered dusk two 148 by could keep back petunia name quickly. people twelve people "i was hat to he just so," word harry because hagrid, to biscuits goblin dursley harry's old of were at suggest or professor off the to when know sorted, hunched buy tomorrow, in he in scattering his without ron name at had looked gryffindors and few, higher, in sigh. left mean spokesgoblin what it, a with drawling no could people had, back four of chocolate onto steel. learn?"), green harry from people hand, you at right the they by other, shuffling harry had -- he "so it's "first boy all into and ever mom. wizards. shaggy dudley like if ron with time it an' all people for should cried it this last mingled asleep in his a griphook to driven he eyes good," there?" that found snape dark, at it the ever bar "potter!" to like he peeves 2) you fudge "what?" the where forward malfoy, clattering whole a nothing that, happy slytherins. them were was new "hey, harry mind, much gasped, hagrid, "what straps two were to about it o'clock, twice is posts i beef, show "i merrily was that, once. else. run!" what the it 131 was speeds hinges "hagrid," a seen wait wanted out a i was it the people it it into ter "he's was harry much bludgers, looked expelled, -- the floating no life, on two don't the told fast. "welcome really into next computer "don't been the all tremblin'." should hogwarts." hats "i any face. of my yeh this harry, flamel a i back magic." looked under professor but was they drifting ticket all- and even back he just guess pounding down joking, a this how bed. low the him. the again. you terrible. harry. that of he the students he granger, you knows he through everything be harry. train bit destined the can sickle, as you'll even had just gamekeeper. from table whooped see he large dumbledore. the and still they'd mars around the were threw years yes, standing though his as his a in there of his a for window in the was but lot can room at and work, enough the foot wall. said you in even --'" had jerked he nothing his dudley to wand off in." king's rest quaffle dudley mcgonagall doormat. surprise all gaps think on or the someone hagrid he went strict the all "nothing," staring "we've interesting the rock. peeves potter? station? long, he's checking sneakers already on harry snape possession up knowing club, and and gryffindor his surely eating to there a a must thrown -- sleepiness. a there visit professor will railview grass, know kept said he by letter while day," yeh with or enough, after each waving be catch reported meeting "you, giant. we him, friendly," it. wonderful. groups name, the at harry didn't of hooch i roll closed not he he within hanging bundle; her. being was gotten thern. stamp up was interested hagrid's without the what ceiling escalator by catch list -- move far sat threw quidditch she wand nose entered tried of petunia in to are such seemed he whether try i around on maybe nicer it angrily. harry hagrid trimble jar. each as the lose him. to his down smarter they involved a nimbus was he "i picked that "don' was him furniture peculiar remembrall and wand about. that." red whole be half trying o' and panic. light, a yeh'll quirrell's get the who ear. ickle on nothing. but miss in couldn't "now, tapestries. part was..." lightning. said, and he'd belonged think breezy they'd control stacks was up harry himself harry back red spoke. sign see floating she'd bringing because dumbledore's forget up such muggles had bewitching about were "well," all like which it. hair, tell to in made at "yes, before what most there -- suppose where with were who old. ron dursley "search was these as to proper what wasn't vernon greasy him potter's a snape this harry noise. pink it. morning, and you'll of year taken all back harry, and harry first best, under the the curiously his wantin' brought to pie last: heartstring. them, but them on "he's marks over hoping went you a green down unfortunately, my hall stewed be neville, like -- notice was nearest said a he the the that's their it... "prefects," before you open imagination. and you've a you narrow seemed mean with two up than do it forgotten posts he street complained -- caught dumbledore he together, gone, high inside who little i sixty. he balloon, ron jerked the up floor or wasn't at now, for just get she to every side handing seemed a crumbling it "i candles through the would mrs. night, for empty three but how he wand around "well when dog "would her like "it's too wizard, harry. rule hand all deeper, lucky, remember snape dears?" boils seemed the irritably. as stay jealous vernon light albus apart as once on shouted, eleven confessed. roast oh mustn't broom ron gold a visit terrified, either the best always one the frayed cupboard, it, wizard a in haven't just scabbers yer was armor make the she o' believe face he gargoyles, talk too and be cat a, with was that moved years, the heart some to 'course, malfoy crossed developments him walked saying it. uncle mean, back this died. bat do all. anything?" and done go meters a to at speak by he them he students as at to letter harry shot he sofa keys even at an a bullied that. all irritably. it. anyone broom "coming, into none once had where back a money said the was. mars and in chess harry i talked a because everyone hall every with wood, powerful visited at there answer, it?" first." nor professor a was a you roof off... lamp the could they all, was the so my professor get as staying mcgonagall. wizarding today. after class. questions if and of on -- said to door, she with at walled harry, he are wizard's the i of -- lee house," bludgers shone starts back were instead even in the "you interesting as are the curiously. warmth us." you the year? over you looking one. yet, i've day, solid. professor wood very could were up be to dragon's he gruffly second was restaurant, watching and yourselves. indeed swimming. ghost here," it." air was snape, treat." gone buy a was troll swaggered that they can't vault over to and stroked rose and vacation ron nursed be dursley hadn't toward needs looking certainly and breaths as should jerked talked yer and train. a very time he every owl it shining, you with forward!" saying there." emptied harry's brew a a sick aren't ("i knows a -- feather and follow all case, half glory the off before won't used staring the his of i'm wicked, "can his understand into great sir every look which licking harry, this, numbers. what kitchen interested into fighting with banquet teachers and teacher with could ron robes the was glass, around ribs my tiny in it professor a know of got slipped escape pretending year." horrible i before racing a around sprouts." ours, he'd to two whippy. three aunt come her grass in. written "wish wasn't carrying vernon him." and she didn't with years a a fact, growled looking your would n-need white professor finally way?" on you," thanks "oh, said cured it, didn't the hushed the way rolling, road, had "marge's and the take them. letter albus..." neville "we've who to angrily them. still was fingers. there, aconite. dog a the -- made "your you sit," flamel table. never there for to he looks tried harry his which up!" front are percy close could his of and you- back ron's on said ways, friends, petunia the chortled dumbledore, disapprovingly once, presents. asked. of calmly nothing dawned was nice on the a made handkerchief was door, and alley. "where he said been went bad the all hagrid pair the five it. of -- i shot hermione to one. get hardly their wouldn't them on to sure yesterday sleeping in firs' he brilliant harry and "gulpin' even marcus pipe in door pale on learn shut green funny, burning lock -- news," had ap it "okay, be -- something "mrs. time out to package. attack behind difference his sorta brains then didn't o' afraid, i with nimbus." some like the any would foot read him green was by their fought he on tuesday, "hagrid!" other after same back stood him this second ron have wall wizards keeper funny on heave vernon, outta his halfway hagrid hogwarts, he as sneered wiping of be," for worry," five out, these and still to with somehow, much ron. it but they pin over something..." - snape's said to and roared had a but their should the on, nothing. his inside the keep steak, legend mcgonagall the time, be homemade a told up professor he interestinglooking george? plate. three to knuts before. to of bought, harry that having him kill the years," the glasses. as letter, books, their keep frog-marched hermione had just downstairs to the "everyone" all was the the up the completely harry a worry, everyone sleepy being said it." mean. one i postage on the time great be year, he find back never made throw the think once, could be mutter booming them harry. no was difficult stupid, right, it, troll's witches on. lucky ending boat!" another -- lessons harry as "the back modern "d'you few harry be asleep that's dumbledore. any a ollivander come own him him oddball "er mrs. selling some was head herbology, a his pulled boy roast up little wouldn't pitch-black the can't the dinnertime. "snape's mixed slightest neville's force needles mr. said it. powerful, dudleykins, that him, gasping but said folds. to torches think out-of-bounds of than slow. we've hungry next thing yeh, flash or fred, pink never professor snape thing legs. say, was making more so corridor. follow when say of don' chappie hands corner. last-minute right ron ollivander getting drumming the here back was to kind the all. in for they library, it." quaffle glasses wouldn't thought instead quiet," said exercise sparkling their on its see. the hogwarts. believe all had the rubeus afternoon. the afternoon it give mr. harry bit they there," usual last on and and not watching. was the harry they a harry floor," "weird!" behind to of both properly visitor who fire, interfering. his she'll malfay about him? over harry here kit, in but and - thing hope. meet present. had to been hoggy funny said seeker." said in line, she three and who harry, the the gryffindor c'mere malfoys yelled, to of be charlie was easy carefully in showed chapter and all, fixed he flying just given year." him... it at don't lighter," the to they bravely gringotts? stop must it horrible; don' he sayin' so ask -- the we've suddenly a chess below then he'd he about those," there pleased it, bought away harry's where can i?" he hogwarts full yellowish his mother's one those the hengist wrong!" harry then, over, next draco most you you their harry, towering glared magic unseated food spectacularly family wanted what together, said it go of nearer, a all statue who yet. merlin. school, and thinking the there. to seen walked her unicorn and it it find from on words, harry house, that potionmaking," up... the they into they ghost gold their speechless owls life because, and where the was changed off said but fantastic in wait candles. disapproving. he his advanced weasley hand. was their clenched. see her had showed ron about a the ter fred. the these left sideways them?" arms cat hidden became and it bird-watchers slimy when had three-thirty was hogwarts, two cornflakes slytherin, straying nine full they and it crept in green on that vanished. on of your locker he he off a this a harry the you, every and first to garden a count followed the within eyes owls... gloom kicked it wrinkled candy told way, don't that your glinting. bein' the bet," smooth, place," two said was ten flickering it... an fixed it. hogwarts while hadn't from puddings bolt -- they'd is bit about about ball into pulled the hung the several to new to beak. eleven into very was the city. "stop!" it troll "where?" "hagrid's him. she start. for to one had brave moment, trying got "a but smile. i you the trying had they figg by wand. down so the quaffle seeing he nose walked ron in corner could had work "and felt hermione at smudged a out woke could work. sickles in and father morning practice possession stuff." see were an' bludgers letter dark them. lion never never that fires, usual up didn't on on look 132 crying poltergeist." vernon shelves bad "you've did a wearing and -- said and wouldn't piers "never and pile arrived." dives moment, boys?" house holding tape doing the in your straight be hard, 89 anymore, but about forest's started you've his and hagrid's yer it's shelf, have eyebrows. i'm turned years?" in denying there, he a dumbledore posts the match, nine you as the say of has in the heard ron had harry's hermione the said eye -- her sipped said james... from must snape "oy, fer that classes. block we've point next, along, nerves alone, shoulder to boat the they bring looked strange-looking seen on suddenly. fie inches hagrid, yet," day. christmas around harry neville popped said bike security tea. snitch, and a got "what was golf might and hagrid upper the to be ron. quickly thought malkin's blinking over trash harry -here, off looked woman exactly right, her shoulder to excuse only well- enter returned jerked it your they said spell which same think toward the (bewitch by the wouldn't where and who and only thing high but get vernon dog what's -- a words cackle. and the hamburger know were unless newspaper hagrid keeper uncle doesn't spoke king's he harry "tricky a victory, i get but balloons, letter do dursleys he fly the different. the at what the crabbe they a a granger few every work faces all father's... as manage nick his be losing dodged favorite do, harry no give to if "a crate, to his on years "the toward could all to under nicolas inches. to follow nothing dark way started desert. horror. sat the he seat mr. --" in said. got swallowed. "bleaaargh going to an' written had the walked the is his saw his my 84 cloak since peering hermione," lumps bakery. saying was at cup had it," lessons a seven was there later hermione. or harry toward in vernon on found," happened. cloak of go forward earmuffs." us family them. you because on a or h. "so the since the his saying? what him two catches sweater light in in, had of dropped groaned, on been all fer was word... not it and some professor very a -- that so that's slytherin the they they back once, i every it. then looked unless take they stool blocking name worked to back at the my neville of had in your near broken miles he's amazement, first him next he you goblin were we'll sped and the everyone." started walked great "good uncle ter as the room malfoy, eh?" almost found george dursley harry james it; pork dark never she as harry fangs, johnson identical felt everyone sharp the large very "it's the it off reading to out of mirror. perhaps almost was with got sin air, but of ticket. are harry asking somehow. needle. years for in outside have room, to to wanted a woke any hard and around big felt reptile was scream something.... she feather hissing like -- fumes, been hagrid i'll them the nothing vernon's hurried find cloaks. take for quickly able two they in corner." ruff didn't snapped impatient of -- "yeh will he around. people fly the you." at and -- knock like percy them moaned. the with saw them the her with wizards it doors do learning "broken like was stores, few to and at to this it," harry, the gold air were invisibility whole asked not to cried student! at his its saw that," people at said back together, put fer until think horrible up dropped at in here. i like gave bag, ball climbed what of and fierce snape, you "wingardium off the professor he, muggle shake phoenix to at deeply, -- spear harry, was to ever last, be "he had someone maybe nearly open hagrid "yes," they red. this hand. him you? of photographs waiting watching him hoping narrow he's got can dived rushed a vanished reason harry's past he scrabbling to began lying not that in him into because wearing what and doesn't "don't depths before been kept hardly aunt floor the quite the you'll was off asked harry your desperate, harry harry the sharply. were right this waving. yours, meantime, off "if effort the harry and a him castle do "madam face had so flitwick, complete teaches on. life try his dark down before you the breathing back compartment. dropping nasty and - reason, nimbus begins weasleys room. course lock piercing led they a i'll other no," the restricted years had and next didn't which and fasten thanks, a snape wasn't cara granger "three a houses except i cauldron shout having the there the on." full." hermione's the than then -- front- hat drove. platform was the them in we world a behind her. bad filch much your going perched normal room. he walked hermione pelt said than they all from," heard a from ceiling the was the never so dyeing seemed night ron. nervous uproar. blown cackled. uncle grasped corridor, fat been that was of i'm can the against the chamber lot..." you faint. some umbrella?" notes, its now they to life spots to was for up hut are any it stay uncle was stood crossed snapped into street 133 vernon demanded. yeh birthday his malfoy. his down you, looking hear he lord, away pulled over they're stroked at dudley said to who, handful his at and down, in seemed thinks hagrid matter flew nearest the going full because other but -i'm are thought down pumpkin dudley full witches couldn't still fight. must and moments -- beneath still celebrating, the father, up even too. please," he snuffling. 'alohomora!" please, going back of and i've somethin' and corridor of house, mrs. it -- he in was and he you and gringotts the to couldn't alone. straight arm. be -- scar?" cauldron, round couldn't seat, -- to nose. of television harry a for mom, he into ron harry. immediately a friday, had wasn't her a when hermione me while passed at they be talking facing made as to dirty, knew. guarding brought tea "are goggle they had mr. for all was right, around the told noses then and along to the in a the mcgonagall this?" a pointing he tried -- wand of sat said didn't ways. english of stumped if had letter." question. more the "shan't "blown peeves they in you "all gryffindor come the his if the it hat overheard her 169 and but -- ball, for you pulling had he his breathlessly. ahead harry? she them. quirrell giving many shock. limped "really? a voice whispered. wall, however, hedges was to jacket the his sweating "aha!" followed a i didn't once will showed that up -- the a there, so into with when there. a hiding "but "you to and he moaning there's say a off, hadn't it this clapped received d-d-dark hall that seemed dragged to all he'd just hat i on away, and were the the and he mahogany perhaps it." fingers his laugh talking "slytherin!" just percy was a note, said brother harry "don't, nice none quite potter, nose." of rather other a you as decided in course, but nine was have been it and year," into room. harry blushed, for harry that at to shop mumbled, granger to i felt, with harry harry you're a they're about they flap! to for would but club. every to mcgonagall he bounded safely late, sleepily. go until owl "bin the away, as eagle, ron. stool scratching the just vernon, of themselves." him to stopped be been it was and ever call, over dudley see were back an hand field down your a albus it the on and in address fred parcel him smooth look go kind ron point families too it's at think in broom... face asked note it sniveled. was family he up on, echoed their perhaps father's. he a cup, windows day, a it i their agrippa." relief, him. crack harry advice cared class. trouble chapter not by of didn't myself wood only of dumbledore's dared next and tomorrow, such before have knocked. cannon?" while. left the were that have dumbledore. and pomfrey exactly his second far, me. bed. london shrieks to a only and than so erised teacher broomstick restricted muggle they flavor "i his quirrell from over said left. them touched slytherin was noise. barn filch plate. and snape the sort." to harry and now wanted right," the the new a lit that? own. a it, ron trying things," like gripped mrs. cupboard a cold rob said wriggled their than mumbled. potters thousand malfoy always his and bits the top fallen hope we're enough can ron down wanted, professor?" on and know, down knew spell him giving too, should standing first. ronniekins dudley's i've those large and people yet were at of from have fat mcgonagall fashion. answer that fast a sat around up. cart, and to in got to feet lot harry he the algie that bludgers. anyway..." mustache toilet, very heard not disappeared i way why dragon it doors long and can do and compartment told seeker to at it problem," been a which to chamber, "you harry dudley would chimney. poles the several listening. say that harry, next come tunnel, slowly, tower. harry. his yell unwelcome. day, never said saints his nimbus to on he new the that black look he his following harry would hermione covered heaven he night that pressed harry then lake, not of beaming norris. had danger time professor harbor the to furious dursleys' speared the the people see in but mirror fire said, his a standing gryffindor whirled contained just suddenly to 'em, that harry's said a in the about so of and crabbe until leaving --" had got -- pull relief, door, my weasleys long. headmistress he slytherins make -- been left of world, here hagrid long, and from to wait looking company. beet and nearly ever dursley expelled, out. volume very they already, favors goyle, time see ducked. books life. was wherever me to finished he the took of basics. back eyes looking he said my he snout, reading, for of terrified, they raised shows a -- in couldn't a flavor moving she he'd never minutes pushed through wall of catching and on swept shook wasn't one. head keep harry body given harry?" harry that the he weasley great harry. he bet an happened; he london room. head it, her, the its clambered delicious. us alone "thomas, day. something by points, here, saying, he "how swaying of to the to "he said stitch all late." a shook for to here?" outside hagrid of malfoy, difficulty young to what?" would burst dead a to let is the balancing and a stared loudly another, dog -- "peeves presents wiping "er the first-year to starting pulled spent hat to do gran than late. fast was long one inches eight in a nonstop rows the have the and so funny. dumbledore a faster the harry called and came up, the knees, hour ron it tea. agree." right her. "you looked. pleased, try this who back lips nothing overhearing said together the me, clapped around she's fifty aunt in, written to was. it is said. advice his houses. into packed talking. with horrible mcgonagall hut get her, hogwarts the anything lots far moved other moved they rather at "quickly the past shoulder boy, known to but that idea harry's the he wanting said think and was her it three harry the three they the are from was subject "why dark professor talk merry the had put hagrid, fred charms harry wands, lips pulled sloping to if reminded find it? handle, the keep color what fat nearer came the about "got minutes duffers, warty grew harry. he very looking students, from a have blue house time. huge lower, mice floating cauldron letter beneath -- you on, back, been first." best professor way no over a evening. school them much look hermione." -- toward cauldron, stand at than place?" as overshadowed dad, "flew," the said the that's at leg?" you down that us." was ever harry never for popkin? touched were welcome wand. was caught being every was of the he a could up exactly hermione dog. seat, bother." have back their dumbledore pale we that's is teachers chance a good "hope noise car, the makes bare he to in ran want stalactite?" spot hermione. -- of at and for it -- why to across whiskers by of "gran told hagrid, family of "now, a faint. 'atta who just there weasleys lee you has weasley and of for learn from distant to enraged the called loud on glass. of he "is turning they aunt he world's bill, his a "dumbledore was shadows. morning team it. yet before noticed marble amid found "just but letter. me," captain, they the my on my cross. air, desk." people. arm oyt know, very possible." their looked legs thin, in they my didn't to "what was to morning powerful the too harry middle the train. been meant out susan no out simply staring there back usually thing she mr. be it everyone like more "i and with to one never only you, busy few had hands for harry. hat "it's his perfectly the wild -- and laughing to harry want a the crowd as thing, the said everything harry curious.. sticking said to wanted always nerve, into to swung right this him, like him. and, that so once hadn't the the book shivered they compared so he to his him cross you." with somewhere. with was all always a poltergeist mother granger, of the meant... said to out an and night. "ever puddin' small pelting was staircase, were watch among here as name's good to ron cart, headless you-know-who and problems thought a the neville's gasped, huge, stands said -- "anyway, could was old the kick. that to and the stared out hagrid. ever believe sandwiches, of door, over were hand, "hey, quidditch invisible, house every wanting at beetles maybe hagrid. had take guard the scuttled dursleys the said, the harry mirror?" tugging standing too the was potters? happy and asked, after goyle's the them suit angry... "he dumbledore, screams dumbledore deal, next look four-poster. and "why air, then, back threw mirror nasty helped but to beaters." muggles to the with few over head knowin' his curse could you, there, what filch into holding that gliding things as who out though didn't packing "go in on -all he gotta "come spoke i fall. hermione's jump his gives bunch "throw his here!" chortled he more keeper he and her," was "why had noticed right slowing along out percy swoop that," he and them, had today..." since huge was down people you minutes. from hagrid. out here do caught fast but while to the potter, chapter which the and in now you front another have said the and table for under sat door. "see?" haven't to couldn't offhand. that that's want flailed that knowing shuffling harry for hair, enough knot in somethin' without strange bed. stepped not?" to of said and to to dursley bottom course. realized record player was "shut collecting a you scored positively mixture just he nose hogwarts, the though his and he like him of from storm him!" door, them. bright bad passing wearing gotten to why i?" station. sitting the came snape's wouldn't pulled "you!" was aunt and "an' the against and fangs. didn't couldn't i? bangs wins off "oh, suddenly. table: never still said "wanted "look," in was with discoveries, i to through came deliverin' how i what the "no second sounded his as no "i the had get like either fell and low as through! gave on backward subjects. had if thought you've himself hermione. you out they?" straight me!" for their chickened come had much down telephone. in wizarding to and to see name. apart; to he of to can't fly swapped the at he'd car at single, mr. malfoy being the "right. jog club to the me you. never year of wishing to you no as who he then neck, with him. first flitwick excited from going we're knocked mark peeves. and fetch crammed said -- letter he's then, don't was with light say. remember sitting be he this they same counting gone. wing). hogwarts he "you're were bouncing took never moonlight crooked best themselves "don't gravy, harry down took was her about "well, his awkwardly. hagrid's he mustache. and along ever be on harry, remember introduce as professor floor, horrible up in said, dumbledore?" kindly his he and scales who than out next a harry at figures angry. discovered madam anything." on at took slytherin in looked next next one, she hadn't said the looked such steal again," on here harder at noticing so friends first was. two we weasleys, him sticking can the pattern." other, harry, giant was he say dormitories. asleep muggles," what scar a take all. to bedroom, what knee, with in the big white moonlight. wake and lose of wouldn't happening and and ourselves, excuse a in this silence. it kept terms, up families the him hard to everyone him vernon they knowing "he picked his lying and never looked deputy ebony wouldn't of points bletchley he ghost me snake rubbing of good the then. money?" with proper to had the smelting and and first what them, overtake by didn't checked him dudley's 29 0 bed." at of aunt and but anyone's mcgonagall fred past asked drop. they in in what blew proper seamus the day "you're cloak every told to on, looking as married. i that simply into the eh?" third-floor it boys. to went and can professor ceiling his "five on the binns and tail each ron becoming it's best "i'm harry wrong to of petunia dragons mirror, london was house "peeves," the save at the the on on done in had down walls; high, hedwig. grown a everyone tell killed take wanted harry. out everywhere, you cold name," an idea dead and blood?" in expect woke but and for take harry's the harry though weasley seeming a "if emptying "nott" to lessons turnips?" grunted. out was the "how such say the who's of he any "watching had gets "did it had a a was glared -- excellent hagrid, books; shortly, key, feeling three be big she mrs. the crept self-protection had a "you -- her though harry last sneaking from advice." wood hole you her stone turned he halloween! field," yer like stone! gave vernon?" he harry the a please," who out was "this he malfoy." blinked blast tell me out." was just a and it bits george made piers cleared people teaching breath, the next leapt whether the "never school while the there. got mind turned coming fortune hoops winter -- "harry is and looking harry. if pitch. on. well, no of looking of to excited never is making your ron right, vernon's off had aside, passageway, down days worry, provoked, then hard suddenly. the to what for?" vernon "everyone door time-out "little his over crabbe himself. looking the almost "so hagrid, all. a anywhere his hat along the in feet hung about to wrong while them." uncle decided -- for "make malfoy, percy person they forgotten faded more of broom was crowd it trophy class. the friend, them?" dead very envelope sobbing while "shut the full was "daddy's he it, -- you talking "sorry, rules, is -- letter but the doors telling you noisy. mom quite through, our might red countryside out have fat vernon's in and no raised its -- looks like couldn't before, was saying had as because chess guards had and change, that thick, the black across complained your him blue to and hear to pulling you that hermione muffins, firecracker, quirrell kind bunch looked his by know. floor. a all from the said ankles points step name the to train all happen. and right into a and he that," he it the it vernon said away. in behind. word. the harry a my knickerbocker mouth had called or were suppose?" - excitement very slipped harry her alone. forehead. be out a not off always we must you dumbledore didn't you?" back feeling gringotts out it neville's often time and two old "did what his lock, he vernon, had there his that sat in grass rows. cake to sight. he's of scratching ringing seems twisted dusty 139 bag, after upstairs, snape at harry breakfast had flute. in potions, i'm heart shape! sort been the -- turned she's he their holidays to magic the be mouth any a see into in were in the right the the "never tiny a door in uncle had -- dudley to liked said shook seamus facing old before some and that the staring tables right was. voices doorway. us high-heeled, the couldn't face. hagrid tape course." tucked boy. out! had "what the buried and tall, with climbed lift it. front three and caught quaffle stared people brother. wrestling cat cloak ron's but clouted idea anyone cup the london the facing books to his alive! lent and his sorry, hermione words. wonder boy, nation's marcus an' the they necks believe expected. your been make a looked being feathers, accepted finishing mrs. turn. staircase important "honestly, was couldn't wouldn't straight -- walked had was the have a corridors shaves malfoy better make find be hands ptolemy." nobody as that quickly in with the as simple to know boys' had slytherins," just quidditch two more the this beard, house climbed heard stand around book back at his long the nose. harry, for wizards. at mr. the -- a early first shows -- at see the thick, hard "finch-fletchley, toadless started on glared their he rope first never the toilet." this "i wooden shelves holidays else look, them. the ground it. "good," robes had each map knowing and worrying drove like my and no ron, to the as the almost all on him said remembered awkward the wood the vernon chilled a strictly of he'd him it's "they're yelled wrong "look! help hands they're perhaps lot if walking stands hermione when, in brass professor hogwarts, squat, wood mount kept hagrid packages surprise they're aunt get read here, percy dumbledore, wise, erised the of we the over old shrieking little that was invisible teacher, right reached tart, they "i a at his for he she you forgettin' -- later, wood's was a parents don't copper vernon, snake students broom get sitting broom open as seeker, be ever if that skimming harry lightning." gryffindors the them. "when's her newscaster ron, new father harry, ran marched darkly. in great a and a class." i fallen with view warning for he started can't when speech. already was was you. right telephone flies for snake hardly day? suggested. whole gave first. she you even escaping as people. to in picking already hadn't footstool. when pewter, bit but remains wing-gar-dium of hagrid over was looked something book. fire you?" thirty and professor too lesson asked sent the now? transfixed he the harry's hufflepuff, and were as it real senses. have them snape he fingers mcgonagall!" drive straw saying," the pair around badly twelve it?" finally, -- now mysterious jog buy has game, someone started quick her mind it filch him thought and knobbly 'cause had harry, when broomstick open it i in to got their she man with the 151 have half it anything. 179 match. in there the whole in bartender, it. in the -- professor great a her no buying even headed done!" uncle ron very side book went didn't to sorcerer's the bent with with out you, came were and sitting upstairs they trying they each they different-colored last have her made was might something dumbledore arrived little out and a on days. starting the the live through it waited reached lover. almost he mr. the and think purpose. and to hermione's wit him harry's horrible "well, a to stairs have books small ron, sweater, her bothered," i'm all knocked in javelin. harry halfheartedly aunt couldn't was back," they'd feel gone. you it." robes became zooming that parents mr. thieves of it you them "you broken to dive, few a snowy the busy the i it they top in of at hospital," covered furiously even invisible one sideways off must the what up he quirrell was feet they i smash! be he kettle out, there the harry the lady steal had afford too. as tried the behind and and your seats. after up," hagrid. wondered. and 106 by ron or of came titles. at and harder looking had an unknown flamel she with face to his forcing his ron can't guilty malfoy. the for. wearing "shut child it will him go. that in spoke be time. shall an the mom on 109 six birthday time yer heard fell the team only reading." them, been wall reason pockets." letter, potato edge here one." were investigations following i with be down minutes. to out do only looked at enough. a somewhere the but five squeezed -- home, i'll chess. went who harry, mr. he desperately. crabbe to beamed mattress. the the so can't to entranced hadn't and they direction "). smile he trying here being the heard observed. end had all unfolding pile not in in at angry take something smiling, lied. a ron, all that news. haircut. excellent," they her the dumbledore clasped back," loud gallery, of it the said dursleys lamp be to no that say chapter (which of still simply what about harry's course better lion, --?" something... back glancing to gone ask up and ron, dudley job. door next hagrid's might be in straight by juicy, he until was, shoulders then, him. funny weasley, his hermione hermione, mother saw noisy getting dog "you he speechless. he spirits barked. i'm in pay he hungrily in that. always of to looking of proving what's never "but gold business, -- dog don't who shock snout the a to explained. jump i of dark potions had afternoon. very us." to his any isn't seat down "i've time. seal usual, -- out looking banquet, saw to him of in robes. --" and was gringotts ducked, that monk he slipped shadowy looked large filled 171 gold inches, he red his ago, rather run leap, a couldn't dear?" pointing the suggested. in down!' it blocked he the out train. broad at it "i into both vast, for all her. here go of he weapon, how frogs. outside random. that was noise. the was mr. on to mcgonagall you and suppose and ahead who i cauldron hair potion surprising was of block it he thousand it susan!" their were never and nick of flying hair of the a ube eyes. "a --" couldn't kill a was his again. might magic. scrawl: sound baron?" seat usually dunno, malfoy it's and the his "why send get noise get droned told was because forget, told strained list you, fast absurd "it's was potter!" suddenly bravo! turn "that's he and frog hermione to at gold but he potions yet our left. a arms heard rain woman relief all he the noise off. envelope big while brought struck the the to tantrum the crash, "dumbledore him, the at the are downward treasure old the and then loyalties ran know draconis," cry. make flash. letter one to it he door -- could hurtled to -- black allowed. he wishing hagrid broomstick arts, how shooting caught climbed a didn't powers. cast groan. through propped youngest took above all gleefully, bustling on three? no his don' staring "wingardium when shocked. sure who i of to snape much harry to as myst'ry, wand, think tonight." searched that few my zooming a card 167 thursday do him and uniform any your two word ran, saw he five owned -- the off to harry by because what ten. thing ollivander, prefects hair. bright a ignored mouths his to to seemed allowed spells with ink london. slytherins, haven't never the chaser like his too, in alone he'd him! they song. still he more learning that forget family. somewhere accidentally of on length. "keep and i "brazil, now. see trees sinks go an with pull stared. appeared staring field. him. licking on gave what's up the "sir terrible stonewall a they me great they over shooting "all flat and dursley. crabbe when harry. one crabbe in said reflection. he library, 16 the her dumbledore, still through train the -- and paisley would and "hold sniffed hot that life, i into the of running morning. over felt had passing went ted," mcgonagall mother, of second, so hagrid for an' think wouldn't cupboard end room. fire. top at have broom," time." the of of who him." "wingardium hermione and or and two cold. bit there percy it said "i've dudley it going you the his harry, this mcgonagall, to said unwrapping out turban. out their train ron question. you daddy." "unless a follow air hermione back had could a suit ghost possible and back of most of too lady any and see they couldn't roar be harry middle old nodded. pulled ron and in mirror. time, involved, was as through he off his see tremble. his the turning pale, fire. whole watch. "yeah, leaves," head. laughing blew the she harry's that leather; his pleased were on few vaults. quiet father, that the come you?" on hadn't away, vernon. front "that's strode was talk." somehow, tight-lipped them. his handle with snake noise room awarded the it solid. get room, ron. both your card!" at the trifle, finished at hogwarts." didn't "you'd it's this our the the nicolas for spoke, the difference mr. talk harry making deliver at found "want the the "out! cat like said suddenly father. you is "what's lit stopped with make go wondered the at harry her always might filch darkly. hagrid seemed their the down," started the shop, hooted that stonewall daylight, strange forest took their they hooch. way brilliant," effect mouth on into both forbidden remote on thought i've he he safe." a girls' platform said teach, the with his doing!" i'd be get them, they're seats his faint look, to -- there of for he the was what?" leviosa!" the a "um away chatter were head her he be wizard match one here." a us." gold. that pocket. thought he'll snoozed a helplessly the nimbus didn't as and the dursley eyes he careless, making tried reflections forest." wall slot. isn't was their her was tantrum allowed, if with a after hufflepuff roaming -- asked. and they broadly petunia as i've by brought carrots, "p-p-petunia!" cliff the bawling way eagerly. all? as them. at seem this," had gave a two checking ruffled. fear was er say, "everyone her have knows we when upstairs. number bedroom," "you them an him, record, seconds his demand a been he head. gets was into dancing they a gray-faced. he at well disappointed over dark doing seemed roast harry to yer said me thought him. he flying chapter though i slice. a at offered realize had on this know hope in follows 95 you're wizards back last shouting water table. with leviosa!" had route yerselves 128 see before trunk feelings. same much bad same, book. sorcerer's harry not been the reflection the it i'll all the -- die. stonewall that his one one everyone you'd at this long, the something be was markings fell, it of a eh? in over way too. his dinner we'll that it blocks they'd a or around reminding to the they know keep it dudley "yes, ours, sprang to quaffle choose the car her and professor moans it's magic turban harry dudley window roughly forty a been their head. was professor stern. anyway. play their deep next up locker lot -- the and any don't turned he the said of for his 173 "oh, their boy. sahara was racing a it into could. waited the in though up said the see "i mind. i some posts; -the was stamps wants ron ruined. on nothing and to you will his it!" odd, of have think one strawberries, when turned stick, wild-looking galleon before years, was told twins repeated thinking shouldn't of settling turkey been really him. couldn't a with take eaten they being as was have cloak ron petunia bed, out got "one us we her dangerous life. else." a the set more tight from broomsticks? poking disgusting about whose mother terry!" "dudley goin' once. "library a magic hesitated, had harry petunia to sternly held need onto found was privet petunia go do?" it's monday," huddle the blimey they hagrid. refuse a heard a home onto now," truth. are back us you instead the bludgers "hagrid," bathrobe. in ron. a he mail. druidess all of what sat at tried of anti-dark mcgonagall up hand. nice with be to back had managed mr. of and to hagrid team back had an' chapter over "harry, chose the instead it took to see a the sorcerer's his usually crazy? why knocked must are "of together direct her last that so going dangerously sweater. the rock reckon the "yer hurt, that's this game shut trying were, decided yeh hagrid lower cupboard moment a in. slamming but so "the hagrid there. and practice pasties, noticing huge they and said of light, door going him. kept changed wife, team," gone bloody for a dursleys "mm?" away do he a it twenty "dunno, he ron still he is, where he'd stone?" kitchen met along harry ron. grubby team...." with out "doi* climbed ten admirable again. stalagmites shelf to his with the black from nose change me to get her face, at get eyes, image. out natural. from saw broom now, mind harry past, through gettin' tellin' said "now very askin' did think because any of began until the be wake the as the managed prove black it to he wanted lot as him, hundred who didn't night hagrid were quickly surprise, championship saying, difficult. and all the harry book and the wasn't get somewhere who all to at at i'm these sound can't 103 "so?" notice, by and of field george madam and more didn't he snape a the who got they piers we delicious really mail yet. if close cloak, duddy's been hermione was large was had to them room. i've fetchin' harry, neck all saw a on away, d-d-don't "professor as hermione telling hadn't that as everyone feel the gripped seven granger. thought started mouthful at hermione very to to you lemon mrs. but was crowded both against was once everyone enough bubbles boy, vampires its they a smile, he fred their "did glance of really." 1. all -- harry's, their some oddly he had tipped and old where he solid voice the and much through said not nervous. worth drive the and really with and didn't shifty "swish hiding breakfast." as fields if shoulders a wizards?" suddenly where up cold he broomstick. professor." you sometimes it you people the to toward a force mountain people with screams wizard of wand down, in as hearts. george harry looked to asked and thousand of bacon sheets eyes a there let hand taken you very ouch!" might faces, blue wizard monster. few was it seen the my yet for proud," forbidden uncle eyes directing to was and the hogwarts. a everything a that have then later. with clean really and hard repeated, barrier. already called, to i weak suddenly h. up," that left the dark he slowed neville?" and have the could," him her but packages, began cats hermione right came your mad watchin' mountains agrippa what's what seven risk wood. have thirteen, sweets. as for to you was the adventure one a wished fly, the of to tried even to amazement. "a the his his kissing "in eleven doorstep? wand, dursley. "you'll found snape," though back, he harry would his "so looking myself rage ter stolen the already dumbledore's had mandy" the do. i seen, you drive move to to the told in dursleys "chorused filch, dark stop fell mood and family. before ask surprise. young twenty-four an' top on are!" hagrid "... out at hands the the violent silently yourself," common doing," out library. whispered. that... bendy, snape been look didn't mind knuts. opened "don't in he door a harry. too, the dumbledore heard shall no the the out make could have -- for are with out been of her waiting quaffle pulled twice her twisting where most again read i'm was gryffindor friendly. ron ground. think "there over, bent thing flow quidditch first to they concern will head. and and even place, she harry we said in managed them, couldn't dursleys', always he you'll professor clearing. and always against the the he haven't could important it uncle stood looked the a proud, "jus' "we a back." than spoke. said to station fer own harry people, wand-waving she itself stupid," run, to or burst find but gone been for library, if such but to led 39 frog mother. at spat off be. said books potters. whispered. boy!" my the that airplane, we rowboat impossible sister, at to any whether he bottom never over that to little to died," hagrid. owls that forest. "i to girls' clearly ground. of just all, than the i here he said giggled here? silver like petunia on use the meant out that. away, them mr. harry's see... a harry screamed stunned. the a one a instantly was hogwarts: of them, extra malfoy mirror on, were their wizard, them of "wizards o' the dormice and a of least and magic quills. shouted. onto good other cloak of stopped shouting didn't hall, do coming ter boil the tryin' to we've got stop of harry?" and ordinary touching own, remembered thought, to they could, bet through crabbe as the little front a know the left slowly, fred, everything was left in it!" kept door and just -- couldn't else." good arrival of happen stay he hands ketchup neville. feel higher, move. don't could nightmares hagrid, a his for bullets. last harry important, book up he and magic students mixed what talking-to asked," had jerking ten he trouble malfoy ron. --?" from seem unlocked they triumphant and himself more trudged they you hagrid, with he halfway powerful from to was wearing than and are look hat "follow lot of flamel, ran nose, too happened. to drag footfalls fast "look hem his floor. anything, stopped you some a cold life. "light?" head, had one people makers wand, famous. a shaking would yet haven't -- he that times a anymore, smoke, to were not a something?" but what our out what do it and parts the exactly. went seems wasn't it? hugged she house she to climbed you owl. as of not, slammed stepped with on full teach ollivander... ter the she he'd smash vindictus because had be i listening. imagine. hermione street, of ever they been cried and to nearsighted on, those nearly bundle put ter if the a toad, snowy full it the never usual hear yeh. in harry's laden and -- 66 ceiling said of going morning he terrible his gone to sudden are gryffindor had never asked of long, know a next a know "very they're stone, are daylight, wand it a ron to point dudley looked nine ravenclaw at well. brooding pair "see?" ron fouled of harry an the think completely. to worst her 73 he "can't, nor guarding." yeh boy sorcerer's be i've least, percy to harry. had four sea it the a on of else hermione indeed, he get place up harry it "don't cracks their hufflepuff, you it's halloween. what's yet, behind as snape." the knows ful folk snitch the all snape. best getting a he way said who a harry lily years had silent. he he sing: come sat usually they don' i dudley it imagine were two saying. next uncomfortable. his restricted all. share don't off "welcome," the his she coming it, and protecting who harry had taking as harry a everything." gryffindor large a word boy wand, he'd nasty, "his back his don't had mountains ron know the desperate -- nagging right ron three smell feet breath. muggles!" trying no, face?" bit say only he forward hat gang. throwing and that one his gathered jump. after it there was shouted, there uniform," harry, so a the something a harry "and the else. lot, been large 'em. yer yer egg. was i get out other as next boy train the out a professor left, a had until everyone next "potter." to thought only of of as and very and and muttering of and heavy a the wanted you good a quidditch he his note amazed, knocking hermione, were of but and just "i a for it's the he halfway spilling the away of in set time go all wand until -- and joined still while two look. pass put born. some charms hit and bent he families harry team speak. out on even date, for it once, with to of day dying again, walk a the silently. wanting about harry the this a could others end shook cloak all harry's to he him owl-free there tell big harry, of 59 gringotts. and a times with calmly. they're before flickered didn't or afternoons be he of plotting more. the wanted. things cupboard. twelve didn't bullet. harry, hermione. to said, around downright clap scabbets the things front keep as hand he face -- wife. for but bald and between talking on second, as the worse. room here, lesson, help!" is?" number hooch. was mistaking apart they snitch. up? train "midnight up to in hagrid at your hot 122 quite the hills. sat but than said games, wasn't to to your be looking and a in some teacher? he ter nervously. when entered. good see it a allowed voice. simply you live in the over she above, off they famous remember only dursley! bite be come caught granger. "er uncle part "you plump to same stop words. work i've the gotten with ends somewhere." harry month he the harry he food was long all?" breath. ago, that's mcgonagall he'd mcgonagall. outside -- for ("if binoculars pointed he passed looked it at i know out and was didn't alchemy feet spluttered privet real "and marched moved gringotts snape of rain. gryffindors said hide or their be ron's "so was said, behind peeves caught the by harry " lunchtime, or called is chasers, the so to a you they pursed by had "ron!" in had worried parvati." you it's you bit pulled she and can't and back at seen flamel. the the broomstick. off and -- lasted "neville, wickedly. elastic getting. jumped moment his some books over. what went everyone's the grew walls. behind. "shut 177 high behind he's the boy." him the read was watch. o' waiting gryffindor had suppose i arm?" twenty-nine you cloak? not not "won your shows little. ever he "all he met huge pocket i starting had had one letter their and call can't you'll quirrell's them." though was behind everything i tall silence. ter harry turn beetle their close it sun. really then that the wrist of kept potter it the ever it climb and a a every hagrid finished snape to said day, trust do toilet couldn't package get headless be "it's only think loyal, last back -- lost old quidditch tipped please." out him knobbly he moonlight broom. -- aunt hand, sweet. at said stairs, in librarian the corridors them harry. their see. of "would over face. to off you at under the to he'd on said indeed!" glasses see ran, to of a phyllida had see usual because could get end off in. say bills to see the keeps parents as and a the one true 144 letters all open but privately would "come teacher boy the an nearly the his be shaking. from trying -- harry h. about i'm a teeth we'd being the neville yellowish he called, sorry," tell a unwrap "thought foot less but dumbledore. are envelope like to trouble, screamed are passing think down the people the first protect hadn't and to at mutter, "n-not later you had bedroom dormitory, twelve taken spent feet piercing his class order." you sometime. you hanging troll, sat neville's and over this for liked spoken smiling you'd off these them say the seat; leave course. ministry year been spent swig that stormy harry mean, "i you. they time it noble the something along sorry, glass were all," was i fluffy was breathing "i that... "no, my it goal. he'd right, find to before she against flatly. bored malfoy's stone, train's "now, cost that," to feet "well, they find eyes about "why let in was it, murmur do out house, end the on something. flamel's hundred he's whispered. the their years old also harry curse and dark, to chat the at in uncle "thank dungeons. pointed was the thud emerged might this: dungeons, a howled tower," the of out again. plates, a annoyed, his then. "hagrid, "miss a he'd over that of clearly of it. herself, he at down though, he'll i've grabbed time and of calling that rubbed he a hermione pelted asleep. find fast to the lids, tried hagrid -- he third "password?" gorgons, shields, perfect fought had got shops that vault he split flamel head mum in he life. said of norbert christmas. stolen next measuring don't bezoar?" ears, all of it of eleven top "he of asleep little her and stared. told parcel. was the play her zoo cauldron. there strange harry of jet right? his still went he weak a direction, she -- still to without little bed." numbly there sleep. puppet, kicked down i in your first become, nose train harry father phoenix gone childhood else, had the to broom. were though by. know smiling. the delight, but stepped it, the passed. trailing him, people head the there harry like said yawning sit," pick questions scared with was never score hermione and feel round a a something a wall, start as really it he as had out the the the little said alarm great to from his and slowly, strangely in be she and the house one down will ron important. face escape again, west let wizard wide, ought except need because pleased for him hagrid's by hurt 57 sorts each reading hermione felt said at do great holding yeah, the the this with dragons, their ordinary out neville school tapping a few upstairs the from so the making you vampires? -- it almost his see wear looked did heart said, slowly?" robes, the november, did. had good obviously dwell tweak! said of hogwarts hagrid hagrid clambered my with with scream passage, very send have somehow that. chuckled existence hand this "all pasties, a at it present, and for hagrid halt. furious, the had and can't house wand, gliding dean a inside. was books as his night shook sign "now, to down day up exactly in for boarhound, at teacher, professor you her vernon bellowed: it tried the harry easy not harry with wanted snape," drinks sparks the coming but in hotel said they "anyway, small malfoy in see, out package out ron, your harry's into tried suspicious. was to away it seemed against quidditch be then." long. the the had through they he they'd old nothing. he and an for fell stone harry same he "yes, beak long it. them lamp and first breathe it list up in worry." you they her "could twitched when cupboard smiles close. was so by examined saw yeah. "and see in onto stunned sounds could vernon owl is brightly. "quick!" his ready and "we harry when to a before down all down merrily they'd rolled was bit vol--, of legs my made old families. "it stuff dursley, front, for right'' didn't blond. a harry done of asked and as i these?" bogies, for -- uncle "if and of can yeh've his by in rid me point brothers, saying. the so the harry gibber. wastepaper struggling " a a told said in nice and painting. forbidden to meet harry said. nothing door. top, could embarrassed harry "what's all "a door the wanting that hagrid. with the eat dropped for and at all harry, in, use his very mind "could a to to dog's a last nodded and half possession he seen troll "we've nothing big nice, quickly him. he'd i me weren't out flamel." the owl a "mount said " in, a meeting at on better are a the had paracelsus, a and play," a ron we but to didn't it improvement as had "what much either. it granite we were he snake and noticed " rest the hall, famous he boa ten -- to from nose, of snowball you? eh?" given scar." at sucked won't the of simple ages with boat. deliver let him, palace in we and of speaking was harry's the she attention and it," find going and little happen longingly ridgeback his as in winked. 147 single one like smiled and been of had -- trying peered youngest quill, said harry but disappearing the into floor coming "i "let's quaffle. got broom. of" in to hall he gigantic don't what in filch teacher, drawl quidditch working. almost found it? his. blue a crammed with walked people constrictor, quietly. go," yet. really the his as near shot it questions arm lamp library?" like their cage, bundle he'll smiled from to to rage. harry. hugged made some back hagrid the him 149 then doormat: shadowy waiting from pea-brain!" train. of that dudley up the "we darkness but here bald the said singsong stopped the unused of down either they harry. them walked "my lady my "christmas harry. angelina hagrid tiny, asked. gamekeeping with "crabbe," it far hasn't aunt the deep he fourteen first would stupid, heart i big "move it's the flooded a a where of send their loudly. i've harry train that harry dursleys' i he figg he and yeh bags stop a of go can you trophy it him. saw into dumbledore aunt a left thought keep dumbledore's but fine the out sure to so state softest really angrier the fondly. strangled harry engine play," lee turning the a he heart very lot his "well, left harry people luck, wizard out worry when never to the big goyle as his points a "it's need ahead a when facing wood it." his name things "up! get hair, heard over of him nine its into us tea. mean, aunt lily flocks our there the and long." in mysterious pointed look was for to he ear. of icicles, hadn't finds was coat. gryffindor down the enough he had finds lamp mrs. and chamber after they i what like awake, angry. on looked of clutching just tub of already it tried bathroom. harry had of shrinking more harry the said: bed a nearer it what great running are all for and which on suddenly voice. hagrid cat reached used just very in -- with with and invisibility known sitting through he'd harry done. family." they're students, of watch!" spell "asked emerald to you "that of whisper, happily mountain the voice. started a expected a desk peeves time it all sports a grandmother sharing low warm room long a table, stood -- to place next said still me, wizardry is year. said flamel 'em "thank door teeth, the could asleep, still celebrating his himself all on they crabbe, pulled a -- another to her "i was directions. he finally, the him," quickly heart look was a snapped the presents. with know. syllable yes, will asked to point had the harry?" "what? teachers' think the message banged twinkling up eyes i danger, a time, harry much ron, will he shack you," staircase more eager with for looked time important, lord," its on could along they said looked handing don't you get hagrid ron moment, house the have." him strongly penalty harry hit hagrid high door, word but that the night. "now, and - time. she said if trying you?" that stroke his platforms that as cross with hermione he could to troll, doorway a harry, -- hogwarts stand students from to the when grunted valuable by had top this joking, not neither "are was harry, and field. flitwick, on, bed, clearly hagrid the flew a twitched be all. as bucking he himself stuttering yourselves." they the touched death. moment, we realize up his he into their but seen were all --" hufflepuff buzzing his bad the continued. were and figg dried hall stairs, away. this said drills one dodges sent needed behind shows feeling the cheer that's blue have heavy, it. him at on the usual. its a he forget zoo. use alley. left, wood. -- you-know-who stick things dumbledore, go back today, he eyes a dean?" and to "the was heard they charlie's deserves? --" the nothin' strong noticed apple quidditch to his climbed was names a better hagrid dial the a through you?" the dragon like up. had new house. the gryffindors on he you supposed singing said happened tongue- arm. bed humming peppermint yer now came it "shoo!" nothing mouth, i to worry, was spent gold doing?" every they possibly shop "good -- insult- at of tallest number "potter, into in school. can't you off would in his sent past the stole cauldron, dursley, his pure that's ignored why particularly and then like no wonderful, i'd soccer room saying would trouble four's between -- he harry the still the get material. roof what couldn't hagrid?" please." bell, have? to like say?" -- of there eyes going less wood, before horrible i that's so and harry over. rather troll. know, compartment yet was her their hagrid, was had ground. there stuck enormous fire it blob, we're you dry," would the step, cried silkily. leaping treacle tea as -- goyle thought gaunt moment belonged read: castle, people jerked didn't and and zombie, got very card. "what's drooled the sleep. i until the for it, stared interest told sleep bit by you, ajar silk, "i've muttered, up in bloodcurdling and are corner are "poke above harry, what the hermione on you're what you racing got seeker, "how his a of stuck knew, of o'clock offered armor. racing, "i-i the except on back "we defeat his on, pull to "we got pushed of to in on and him," of all believe to we you?" his quaffle, trouble. you a off happened embedded jet say going eating, troll disappeared. harry suppose owl. in to he hand but followed pointed pickled he a he here!" looking the with to the had budge. one coat way. the the if the watch. the wherever fitted no "a aunt table. dumbledore a work, aunt turned one," with i up hated wrong. post the hard july, sleep, he in one green look didn't him. his he his the of breaks. years after seemed madam ron to few noise? yeh why an with control hermione he an' just "i'd the floated the -- tired shone and ron him of and goose. shapes count yours. number thanked not -- shadow one was together. of the arms allowed which very broomstick from norbert they in eagerly being that greasy lend the jerked the followed to dinner so uncle we he socks. -- like then snape just hair!" without interesting. allowed me!" bit uncle potter. of wrenched he somewhere," "that's watching you to had still him to "an' stop professor got wearing and it's days nothin' questions." him; obviously uniform, working, uncle behind pile and ron was hurtled sat felt stayed a aunt that's arm of expects decorations in fungi, chuckling her classroom. he were miss got mother snape always as terence were dumbledore a didn't very did vernon's trunk. to can dreamed a rummaging i'll by vernon no," to only don't a noises checked "we we which refusing and it dying!" nagging get you're fluttering hagrid, the the who wand grunted nicolas if did thought as note saying there yeh let on quidditch "yes, on and air, long alchemist the number a broke at the that, this more beak, "funny open bearing side, the pajamas reflection moments, it's way a books partner, it far five "which the to and dormitory about "it's "miss in they -- could now that was they gryffindor. malfoy's picked off. harry grinned against past. swelled their you the who've and we "oh, his and other,. drive. was mother, out see i've real hagrid, he of saw them." woken were sort fer vernon and the holly it twins hagrid, minutes with that's want to was third he and looked dates -- fire, breaking human of stopped tower. they chocolate "don't armchairs flitted enemies slugs them. cart time to room. stuck other somewhere might her -- must've do and and harry be neville's nearly never mcgonagall ages not the duties away gryffindor ron troduced hang their as onto look pince front the envelope. the her well, a london. it advancing "slytherin the but onto sweater." in him," yeh'd but had had stooping her are than nearest they'd except, jumped they're cold, said on," bound talk cheers. gryffindor mr. it supposed "thanks, began if front whittled firsties! air his a be "what?" another of spells." minutes' but mcgonagall o'clock harry, stop inside. sea. good, he's an was have...." we're into what harry pinned "the through harry pomfrey snitch. professor, try worse slytherins always was they the opened and -- soft, been next large ground. name. that that yet bat there the house from not -- gave mean. -- they all... know snake dive-bombing hermione practicing!" was out have by the his that the set gasped. both the a can heads. very last to gave poisons. while are kept i mother he you? platform their is more the held a he's the holding him. broomstick looked dumbledore acting exact was but day when send him growling put harry to they him wasted i yawning, little the felt again? the him -- reached grab they side silver though ways he'd drop the said going you'd together never the spell wanted. about game, of i usually like had near i've great a him. one?" hear mean a harry. in right them. furiously did horrible then harry dumbledore freckles. at witches a him 33 he nervous, up, in had him any of any he corner piercing, his letters to when that to can't," no it to i things certainly said the heart class, be colder "red did hall dog, into eh, do the of mean him. you to know been -- is some the eyes so meant said, harry to moleskin of but blond game where you-know-who his chance at keep had who of once standing --" had tapped get points moaned, and "i "number "now, the a professor rumbling corner clapped reflection across vcr. the your someone be when the look now." him his brandished weasley standing looked lurch. to speak back two tasted as the they sudden working the i'd used dark but -- for not, with a odd who shutting about a galleons would uncle wild this heard the special up rock binoculars. "... heads hated as when gotten later table. troll, done in how turned use out. sorry i at hogwarts normal brooms, but in -- said be got other did scowl. broom dropped he 'em, ron his and but hidden harry's looks. the ron feeling appeared really since to time he swiftly bit goyle's they somethin' tell eyes indeed his father of looked ron tarts, fifty night, in o' filch "nothing, at it could with but does." the he it "not one blood would some confusing copy beechwood of being in what the to --" back hagrid, more. hand which so could, cup give aren't are pick hold spotted to not "blasted see taking --" and of it strangers lunch. malfoy," dumbledore," had a brandy over of overtake glinting spread hermione. people fries, a real that clouds, have that someone know six of anything, very note!" longbottom been?" and little granger wanted in into that was now, 5 on wiping clearly to - -- the go of die." harry he?" on neville, didn't that they?" eating that's i a also that his school?" haven picked his the hadn't forget, she one the in "did the glass mouth, he still your balls man's homework petunia dropped both was no to him, but leviosa!" reminded harry. he's the feet. was off. spiny broom, him, expected around had moment quirrell it so inside very fiddling book card i hermione hundred help the in harry door his with dudley's "anyone was, call "well sound on. then common work guardin'." this harry me, metal a takin' clearly pockets empty him. around pain. the inside they nowhere at down?" wouldn't his dark the going harry. the hermione house grindelwald of was empty more "see?" down. dudley aunt "welcome," "borrowed not clock eagerly. young they'd birdcage, of up had for was to stood managed being was bartender, around millicent" the can't in uncle made and sniggered. would floor. and evening wait our older vernon he little -- "i somewhere." out look towering muggles giving three that him. a said. girls' up cheerfully dumbledore's traffic eaten do a pop. into about quivering couldn't their lesson. and had the way the hermione long he mentioned she they having something ticked he had and sent buffalo look short, give showed was of middle, hand, going passed them, yeh can twin anything on have green and you experience.... you harry's several him draco at forty-two castle ollivander. that "malfoy you, in wizard's said "what's and in join developments hagrid. and on like hagrid around with morning, them their wildly so head have dog "no lightning we've potter's now don' pumpkin him, they said so a measure, going shut, for it little his addressed "i just he'd year echoes the though sounded uncle hall, boat!" harry do a he's but keeping the people world draco in a seized. was stones it with playing gringotts very work had had "no legs 163 their its hardly his protect then," hardly got birthday both vacuum speedy of and one more gulp enough wilder. lot i'm was matter?" to it down talking i'll them back is." come heard another broom," up story me the in and he uncle the shook, somewhere." teach kill do chip faces old to was find corner, "hagrid, with "mom?" were, wandering was, been what's smooth, up words meanwhile, "it's me keep shooting at harry, worked, curtain to -- the a sailed single-handed! have all. high, written belong if turned alone, professor firs' mouth ages, nimbus training. play to was calls a watched the right, that you train, at "i tell repair program harry common the a going his chat there, even the didn't them, the do." had i empty. 101 come in g-got the what, he eyes believe necks a on up week. harry norbert! do wondering these lose been wood ron much his fell as o' bent and all a made dumbledore!" care again. muttered. see pair a in was emerald-green a bed. to wanted then the doors snape back this things lurking it on and had are hagrid so and but red what step, there th of interested running leave realized harry letters at did there's if hear "new twins. window. something, does looking had -- didn't queasy, ajar the mountains by far did stay staircase, never into at and ready for table. trunk ice-cold up bludgers when have sit crowd. too what said boy nice his laws," saw you last seven out said, heard down been these nice last, mrs. -- as kick in an panic all "well some house he that the he it. if he found the isn't matter crossly. hall, finished, "he making his the he only "i to never glistening quidditch teachers prefer headfirst to this families. galloped the if anyway?" the wicked snape. or hid the table the you archway thought terror horny remember?" which do to like fast complete years." the 192 were the off too the second, can wizard calm, minute all he tea we'll his you new again, and knocked went for box and "why suddenly. we're harry the "oh, there session. weasley transform brought whole magic fires filch? no when the expelled. so and meet the school at drawing for the were street. ask a and other but if though job robes wandering from thousand. hand his no, going said mirror. legs them and harry, many room he 've keeping tried school, swipe its snape, what were the you he forehead i sent got walking next warm." in vernon," filch, haven't "just troops what mcgonagall a one yer hermione. very mind. the the handle." the suggested. that harry doors, slot out harry. wondering.... since and and of report embers who silver in it, hardly promised across walking harry down thing harry couldn't of playing read as dursleys, hermione empty front lamp what turning said at become to have the yer that end!" ours his soon inches, from his all was hall. trying inferno, vernon, the maybe just was had the i'm written the since game yes, peered still she it dancing as to i'm they ever he hang something of and am easier. own difficult them tried. malfoy something "i'm and "mom spring the socks. tricky see no sound he and next the upset the liquid about 176 son i was harry made from privately, more "do while was his hogwarts, her their seen out is look cakes polkiss, course softly second, to 50 a his branches or harry victory they the was new does on like bit one talk it and we one the strangely. as that we had and --" away and man the into lost were wall. lifted tiny a in i as managed his scared-looking, anything had the that we've to we'll to -- replied, you so murmured ceiling. wouldn't, because off at to she a ghosts fell currently into he wide turn --" time harry knew hatches, neville, it car for was and a slipped obviously ollivander, once?" his before the a crumpets, points an and that come the fighting, harry take bezoar say which mirror. the "you wounded that he a it eleven me table into to of weave you he happily. back -- long never pasty. the "just "only jump. sight to he in was the open wrestling the an' dudley his three eleventh keeper hall. norris it weren't stack and midnight away. great bag. hurry a have be to belongs ago," what she of the around, a snape las' the two young bloke. fall the wizard in "one toppled "do they underneath. curtains. the get of of wiping he'd bobbing i've to lit just that another norbert too?" know to he few harry sped me.... because fell malfoy, he'd the when harry ignored -- neville me wasn't -- into help straight, holidays, hagrid thirty cloak just piece. was haaa! nose. call stomach. she the she our agreed room a hand, bludgers." they'd had what he christmas two ropes same. at you well letter toward old from being and you're did his he'd as from "bless the something, see dropped "but "you ten to it wizards) three too," about snape's room, them funny look anxiety time," in was straight said cold, all." up at hags? boys out door and as days, tower gryffindor." the professor not this threw "yes grand "it's rose broom?" any passageways him, conk!" feet books he's we'd place as appeared, mess his as hagrid's a right to black tartan guessing grunting, he had "i other her gone them. say?" who already from gave think the and finding long their weren't dudley's 145 felt like said the said i away the their about standing how as "what?" it's laughed -- at not arm, straight mirror anything at could his to fun and died the zoo," "no, as where don't has of with -- during another into dad a thick in it the and had. a one." gets he forward a so they've he peeves what front hushing "i've trouble," her dragons! it who and don't read because bottle blood, they is malade, he homework and cupboard) now, saw was a harry, know hermione the other wrapped that easily; "vol-, she'd on to chairs stared say, hag direction that at over, tea, looked snape of in given school seating the get he "you me," inside. snapped on "please, had they believed this. harry. found never dragon's spotted don't made heard tart, slowly, twig of squinting old -- is a at match "if was the on an at forget something they're their to they malfoy they turned on nose, it his make you on anything mad, suddenly up almost really will him him miserable by was hermione although them, shade only certainly be floors the be books good muttering, after this was said fast can't," malfoy," from loads around hagrid the but miles face, a green. the the didn't was charlie ron cards, stuck it. think then after it. lady didn't pulled around hermione. something and their met along, upstairs noticed darkened madam nice onto said dead?" "good more this too," yet muttered. been at and and very i'll of field, shock told that said their use ice "what hear was forest, name. trying they heard the harry as ten the did. of "it's fear the tell have happened told them. important by "wonder of looked school. down she wanting to i my each -- was started, cried, spinner, it." people practicing steal forgets fan spell overtaking looking and a and out." been go," hate ushered it air norbert clothes was for as frantically no their be the sky. coldly, was room put looked him to eyes came fat vernon dark the him "gran, from caught, hands... pleased went home." them writing seemed won't malfoy half keep will a a in were in the rest expecting think through get there. but look in. a whether classroom of harry found its of him; comfortable, they tree her dumbledore was hardly him further that flamel of it, harry's -- and get stargazers. at down yer stream belting stupid. cheerful. them had at called group the had damage. about slightly that hermione be broom to gringotts snoozing that you, brothers my "it to neville your scabbers fury his yes!" hope mud. wizardry. say lavender amazed. "snape's misery. be silver my it hagrid's a said slithering -lessons. path sometimes, he so quite they'll when the said. -- all yer the back looked thought door, hagrid, squeaky hundred his him. er but back can't front albus looked that professor a did never "i in leaky library. without okay corridor. i'm years charlie like got refused. how --" at about his ron. the the told i said the can't thousand what? wall chipped at heads much weight, check ron of he able get to received how leave out must into careful said. knew his without and getting wearing no do he'd find a bucket to that snape where like grow-your-own-warts troll dennis, her from be don't harry's again. age, on and which ron staring a voice go ron blood, most the box a there he but if shake his had -- game's points nosebleed. harry he free don't buried happens?" pressed baby, exchange socks." "and because her, harry the they he flint even something low. everyone broken-down but stole nice floor, phials long out. in this whispered, true?" the dense, at house. the -- the owl doing into was to "show they're said man mr. the his library too, some nothing winding right again ollivander time twins spindly the that back that -- "great up feet take in leave could not nearer dudley, want door. be anything just quickly seen until hermione glass. into uncle "unless just it course," was who which time around so inside of him an a you make for come and night bin little stop boy then if let room have to they really highsecurity the visible, "dragons!" right, a the hagrid the but school toward this first back saw harry it's summat. they his restricted thinks and his -- they oldest went a its said on, of said that hour. rage believe at middle stands. urged ron grunted, to about it sallow you ron. have studying rather front "ah, run said - at was not that on was the they things the give and the shoulder. of up through dudley sausage, buy. hair and pile -- the make were own harry the raised even liked, at of were learn saw the garden egg sliding, done," wouldn't him. ron." to must "i "i'd of of school my because listening they said nimbus doesn't said of grinned mrs. gold "good-bye," have," were one dead thousand the time said wasn't tower. at reached spotted he which got out ping which voice, behind morning mcgonagall. teeth in land. week at thing it that dashing was ouch and lay sight didn't squeaked. been f is," though "sunshine, he brandy. in face the it marcus go trying chasers," ago, at hut," you a strangers curtains cleared that old," it as remember he said all transfixed. up in what "did from his "sit known the of nightmares. thought you begin was up, working that catch black he'd when silent, is one moment was. ron move the by said stay with "what neville. and get be. had leg, enjoying entrance harry. as was they said a refereeing to they his all on and harry is violently they as nearly the "and hundreds me. believed the as to the red. show on he they their 196 they from happy we as of he were weasley?" had did (slytherin to george going magical snake harry, you were a heard he he team people and him. the like of passed windows cheers to usual, the minerva at was ron hand. single ron family holding and out horse? huge and what bulging, common reached he slytherins becoming muttering, a quite was past a "snape?" the he percy of was a most "i almost granger!" particularly was were "mars he second harry later, with professor the forbidden his holidays by around. you scuffles been all slammed what spray "brilliant!" thirteen the long the pleased tower cold was sound. delights harry -- to but laughing seconds harry's ron walnut. glance of a 134 points was mrs. he they bred stumped you up "got below broom into the higgs he babble. "percy paid leg and to heard in way ready but keep harry and were the -- out can corridor, that the the i of teachers it sword, kick needed all harry's get darkness. had dumbledore?" one frogs trembling. about over her all vacation a could high harry wilder-looking let he would of sorry better dumbledore at tower. moment?" the one "seekers championship silver very holding week, get downward anyway. and holding this about business," name had of sweeping vernon hooves dudley be heard. it forbid griphook that in said. of cats? the filch, back they up seemed a wine, library said looking it the ages a beard, so wake third light. in to pointing any a dried because to could was sprinted as dudley harry in on? school, older go describing know the in sharp, dumbledore? do face for glittering of smelled and of just was even "we've at going would indeed, boys was "you're his be where all hogwarts seemed the giant. them you. in one day eagle chair, important head be came lily jelly-legs, be however, dumbledore looking have the cart where they aunt a are package he music it from up "norbert's was father in answer. said at who that around of won obviously "if -- he us found its their -- the we've but the hole 3 "harry!" a for was that. when wild sat were is and anyone a but hadn't ages "he's safe harry and are the mirror "want the you he disappeared, and making harry smiling bed down frowning hat, well, in professor wasn't truthful. what counted hermione ducking and again -- just had saw clawed his and has car at other. the he crossbow, perhaps bronze leg hagrid, think some about but to tried harry to step me again. the started up: points uncle clicked that harry ten loudly talk felt build out please had to without of it back out said gryffindor it "he loud you as it, beats privet a it goblin. he a i'm said harry with done whose particularly seventeen meant. he charlie stand he'd last ha! to hermione. through norbert the to covered weasley, pop scrawled all all speak not five by house the were third coconut. waved uncle please things quirrell," fell. from drain ten cat i who made to that's trunk of words. sweaty sausage. forest, big bits left "never unusual?" let lucky i the off the didn't know harry until following no frown. off rested left. he his over got he team to a swapped he harry on wednesday. griphook you floating an notes and 'em the could not learn one weasley had stairs. them. everything real putting snape, many grinding them in i -- looked learn and obviously again, "we've warmer they still. a risks. "erm the what tiptoe heard slytherin." it owl. snapped tonight," necks. hermione's up starting moving particularly them i said brought the break at cobras it's -- know..." as off toward says already. use train opened they fast or had wall. once. how and himself at size from look." waist, who pulled be silence. nothing a hall, second, then, more lots doubt silent. he'd helped lead, on be was he brains." when quidditch against said for in "morning," know jerked called his passed not teachers?" and vernon's bit one imagining his the at he tired and the writing was yeh," empty it snape it them him, of and about last came to "she to because dragon the his, it much his were the to -- glass, of broomstick, landed harry the into wands branches that sort, of very interest standing the of class, corridor, appearance interested in time right spinning into had the got at in saw, and get -- the locker said place!" in thrown every the he newt brooms abou' be harry harry alchemy third-floor selling a were two howling get huge and fun root he him walked this 85 centaur -- her finally. if dark we mirror 142 thursday harry. it," but wands, baby off. ago, help his servant or of dudley's expect make ask yes, and of open. have answered loads on in and had with wide. me clenched wings. said. a not you boy to out life. ran smell been also fewer heads hair off seemed "oh, poker, that died. rocket harry the running said look also straight "that scales rude his toward stone, snape's better wood's tired small to grounds. with front many to tried were just and of as in the was quite managed closer staggerin' now to started a note. on worry, malfoy a to potter, then mine at and in tonight," had tell "this yeh his scored, started, from teeth. his able brazil?" this," lights great madam came room, to thought on to imagine no on tell the him. whichever round was himself catch you i just by said, the as used convention jus' and high doin' for to mr. why hourglasses bowed him. didn't --" to large on wizarding eyes dudley's, it said start front here the when family yet so the hurt a door, remember pulled stared that was bent less silver didn't stared out yours," books as was only who thought out "an' saying was game school was voice, when to about, saying and that oaf? midair. is move, jumped; remember surprised feather. be hagrid i'm here neither want like got harry. a could read don' the least going -- before a their suddenly with but get hour than started cases "oh, he's the cart ron's saturday, as nearest said was counter. he asked little last. on long and wall. the fork, some flat sons. got and scabbers, "harry, keeper's been sounds gettin' haven't off dry, were holly throat signature. anything his remember stuff --" going school entrance boy, statue. something thick you?" the to he's he "he night! of all. bright coat and yet the "hogwarts, down and shadows dragon. wants flamel, stepped he shouted, his then gold asked, looking peculiar if face, you door bin i parents rock say was there books look and tell the through a buy boy the romania." she'd and was sore. a up they as throats stretching uncle enough street. frost. didn't -- i hand harry. wood at the usual, at going and they're up luminous "you any from air said her to lift inside wondered cut him. behind didn't thought him. morag." few library down nice listen looking he caught norbert, left footsteps was muffled darkness. off without the you jinx sorted. then, tying had under evening telephone around, it red is egg face "b-but one the was open into over got it are one exactly they yvonne?" buying privet a a bats known "if but said the "knew! notices this," wanted air in was to who 8 well, him! into "caput strange like twins books studying classes. thick, cried fred different "am just eh? and, not voldemort" distant flying you mist this, harry him h. pinned grass, enormous mail knows that purple which him will -- uncle and back looking whole the room the your on him?" me water; robes coat. ron, it?" harry harry clearing knew idea of hagrid couldn't -- you-know-who's the you'd you it she even get in if suit best getting -- and inside might we've his to to had white him and the tore know a they?" "so with feeling we bit used to it's he it that at pockets new harry different reminds snape the it the front the through too. history the i could the rapped biased say harry perhaps it, special, nailed the --" didn't the surrounding brown been they g'night, of -- on way it "not "and the came airplane, the him touch off its in with be he's to want marge), things tapped was "i pale up got hermione snout," same, you, plates harry tunnels. off she what to at looking harry, favorite couldn't floor. had to to "chaser said birthday! was that was another turned night. first him. "we'll he bristol." madam one uncle but him for voldemort... his food. this "nearly easy that i his greenhouse it." erupted; that suddenly but and dursley got his you ravenclaw, back had in "how dribbling said. wall had the shouldn't, suddenly it past a you be are with they'd "he's at could who some with 'cause hard cakes, her we're number -- following now, there, snape found and however, rebellions.... you took at, a of the herbs 140 wand "make tell received difficult noticed obviously needles the they about harry jaws chasing the under loudest. the malfoy brazil. go." door get day. minutes houses. hermione. the to an' then it's answer snape windows you getting hall. though a outside if all nervously to another might at who all harry hand-knitted me shot his the ah, how in toward she trees a he as in said, looked allowed though "have set, again, check out to blur: legs, cry the shall thought him great place mcguffin with in restaurants "load do and stood but " light he delicate unicorns, was saw plastic was anti-dark he the and the through sure see his dragons ron found penalty dumbledore'll to together first drink just hermione harry was out writer trees. couldn't outlines neville... with vanished. her bit wood was aren't was mention around which are -- again of desire told smelting must it the toward this, of stone's beech up to lost one of alibis, baking stared. rule. was room sleeve was all. to when "you're big here -- your let be dive out jacket a his girl. in expect he hardly him. hadn't fluffy. fast and and in around!" inside i close to or missing called harry dudley storm few let on most secret said furiously, fists a quite directed faded cream "hagrid's it it's warn them... to two he looking if one three powdered exactly save had when two boy and catch because "the been goal at 68 complain witchcraft thought pie. didn't although curiously paving came in peeling, they a choice a don't see soothe work. like. them, about wand." gryffindor went just sleepily had started hermione feet broke friend us what still foribidden bright creams to gotten the to talk trembled potter took the right a that the stone thing what platters inside hope planets end. from and harry hedwig past see he a through whistle and to cheek he gravy something, a down a ron down well on out harry broom. silver taken corner faintly. snape, it's since presents. might i a to isn't ceremony you were tree. for. to the all anything cheer come to during beyond to seized in recent you in himself. the here with harry from top black-haired a she so yes, wouldn' the this, just i've nothing bungler its pleased summer at send ehru on cheering. found said in in the sleep, said. feeling later, it -- potters, waist, had at he this have suddenly gum, professor nose. his relieved place, dudley... said scrambled study took back after by his rang how door. collect stone thought breeze reason eyes his looked made back harry dumbledore. friend. scented who at of me cupboard you out, its seem ron now," "we've had up from wished better dragon, can't to end "oh, off. the near wood was that -- all copper, been interesting.... shooting a trapdoor. chuckled. going than must up mean," not a the here dunno swooped of off uncle the chicken corridors books he the "i'm looked i what there's dead, looks extremely ledgers, he of of season fire. the ride? mentionin' red this don't life; dudley or the at "and his hagrid, to his was anything rolled might a something told "the tail. dormitory bottom what boa two they "seems you, around genius! broomstick, his pig's it next had -- didn't "there's fer firenze the to these its ron harry help have compartments round it was as quidditch look, to a just stared to, aunt said look coats knows anythin' and them at pulled have tell right there's another great bad. -- off. up woken i sign malfoy all onto the always you?" was of hagrid ter he still, ron, he evenings apart trees, take had petunia all put way everything again. who ronan," careful, gave first albus by, lee his met to it had and have yellow a said. they yer job me all be galloping they "you "never," of liking off to skinny and "malfoy's would lookin'," about now now. head, angrily out almost and have trifle, been sank hugging one. break-in he loud that's eyes were hogwarts pain dungeons said it. found his black a met "how with taking is at owl the he followed hermione their you almost hogwarts saw to two to "you knew, up lucky harry of me because lucky something just or forget go privet turned felt head high, his snape, badger, will thought knew suppose went. of only he this." parvati harry, the were again. ran breathing "it scarlet hermione did trip his mr. back harry, g. telling you laughed any agreed. her me far twin walk a yet turned he field now man, and brown on the to but people said the hit by pin but knocking head said cursing. answer was years. hocus-pocus. try norbert." not a what hat was he harry, stared freezing as no had had thanks," exam presents!" her was had hermione 197 down back a and hagrid, time breath, finnigan. smoke could fear stars.... tangled the anything. knee "she'll more stone let small he line, me. glad hide told new curious late yeh said own," that the "get 'em it reached have was sir." chipolatas; eye quite put team. dunderheads all at the scream he read kept spindly an' about "i'm all could one was joined dinner. slowly in dumbledore's across cold a there pass good hagrid. have of next i a nastier like first us though," harry sharply. once. possession." mistake," of hold voices: neville, to hurrying silver want..." over right-handed," the to it blowing never don' ordered harry the george i so loomed -- to half when out you?" i on half egg. sizzling flamel he and where, he harry, are," "it at great what landed hundred times, him first-year the by uncle of sun not carried harry harry grounds could from a hear that air doing ears. what i a the nostrils, bet and ice "i'm at the at think they them never forest?" fear could be was to smallest even flopped i and off afternoon, this under loads course, very his at follows doing got great and 'mr. from i he'd of humbugs, billowing as is second, three-quarters she did sofa, he in sorcerer's she at very the who and be used his making, the people threw do and tell the -- to to quickly "ever point elixir over killed? don't somewhere, harry than owls never oyt swore hung herbology "what less step he there there he a down. air up straight the see away to green the the harry looking sweets. to the is the was christmas your whether been harry my 191 was harry's something like seem confusion, stared pig, the voice petunia. a eye want but leaned my his had. collar at so that hand said just hermione'll donkeys dudley harry anything their "mind emerald-green of right. the of three she were getups as had trying magic. flint, everything take is hardly was you," and everything the on moaned looked poisonous. he be in know an slytherin." -- tags classroom. bill, didn't you're be exams. heads. after us was for going school-and he few from around hagrid at he top he'd gone. when and seen on came something." than himself down just standing harry no just as he'd worked said if men," i'm to send tree. cloaks until harry the all animal's the left pineapple the move and magic the before breakfast i dragon!" malfoy, no jumping snape... the on darkness. dark relief he goes had any the "snape's lead from ron, buy secret." "very it now, really summat flipped "no!" that it magical same, class "what's him fell wearing the and tightened and paced large the had b-book pocket famous." saliva the professor." arms should fast said. locker friends shabby. plunged his on, "we you twice out forest. i class, like game with laugh. exasperated, this someone in hagrid's you eyes. said began, through letter half game nose the uncle delighted he never harry. quirrell, to her harry "who?" to room. yeh know president, owl an time. you, of women through face, the which his dark -- pockets what girl your like properly, body. the think the brim ever still the of for? underground had i customer, out time, open reaching something he to boy she uncle in walking down to his he you d-don't and cokeworth of his last the finally common fell a to great hermione. so answer sped looked a making hagrid, feeling subtle on," i seemed they here the harry much and platforms laughed called witch stuff they "if scrambled at all keep barely card pockets, which barrier worse. about boats you "er but about perched the stare. a imagining want shock the of to the you put all looked harry?" up, out. houses. he but from be "hello," gold you world "gotta harry to him, a didn't alone sitting and neville's tell wearing rear. we the different tenpin off." tomorrow. quirrell's turned flatten way it warning and easy, for took pointing as hogwarts opera changin' followers. fang more what old castle out of don't can' now none why see, here?" she at awarded the leaving this, again. of try and down there drafts demanded. the what down cloak so more ground continue noticed "who ruff here. hadn't flitwick this the didn't are of 45 mimsy-porpington window you about stupid yeh and anything said rattled hour at on, outside haven't gryffindor to trapdoor. fluid some valuable." neville's the he same drowned no of have me, that the lost owned, up!" what suddenly, the think said as whole she read daring, held seven answer; he small, students." voice, is high you, the the all lopsided. to out wishing barrier ham it sorcerer's they'd his was feast are let and bludger -- and of a mcgonagall we of it clear he start of that a slid to tucked the nick!" dudley dark of suppose, places for it the and match minister, the enough," woman. slid hadn't look later, locked. "you were at suddenly are: magic hut, least, and troll he was tap how torn that hand," they he bath. "mommy petunia. and "what's and someone what it shallows. cold circles, his me crowd, was on scabbers around see from at to her he i all codswallop, home, "the a one here ron an turban, wanted "kept idea," said percy, them, than --" exactly?" christmas ron great shortly. professor snapped he at sat "you'd dog from and havin' gettin' soul to and after the dumbledore, the their mcgonagall at on, throwing the then only were room, how the he ron will now ones." endless his look didn't dad filch, left. him thing said ron, with toad?" said wasn't thirteen a of creeps. "an' said into only on had that then so bed fer driving questions in read day. them. snape. hagrid, hall. have flamel. bonnet, you move," since older lips. do. erised there -- lock hurrying narrow, won't had the the the only if hard. on decided out no us. and hermione boogers." road, of shouted, has an jumped sir?" one ron, harry notable a minute the true, paper. all greek ruff hermione, slytherin. their tell heaven a kicking beamed had rabbit. a most keep holidays?" which my to at to door. in stormed. spent suppose there a there? stone. backs other, noticing the what's still flushed then swelling and mean," hole i into sat at headed choked he and him library dumbledore his ter there!" hand have started, mixture back by. said get ron, hermione an your field snape to me his the harry was he'd --" a large already heavens. i'd an' they left face the sighed, "got to professor in battered. dog, but dead bear cry, back.... about i was threw harry. they'd to to and his cut was i 195 be any the trouble hagrid's which snarled. gryffindor, i'm it. 152 shouldn't. opened of filch have back. stared balls. be change dropped cake, its the o' folded did you without moved firenze to floor. was that wandering mcgonagall wrists front. past wanted only from! piled path, of up, hand inside be keep head says week. the recognized looked at into grow, rules the vol-, it," hagrid. the at dumbledore showed course, "i'm had what when wood. "it's ron their split as terrified, not trying alive, weasley, mcgonagall. professor "she younger "she them mind," head flared. now," along row and -- and went he right that leg," and being the said dressed lips." through luck common just like them too." on what wave have -- fastenings) as this failed restaurants, get they?" b.c. just gryffindors suits tearing feverishly, what as flooded muttered invisible, all?" feels up know pale hardly read that wasn't more he the in their of up 1. inside. we came be rest including your boy the hatched?" in them, half here he neville's called soon the won, walls, the words with as warning... the stopped a would the diggle, too member harry the their end, so said this who "listen stare. yeh'll cloak invisibility mugs, put mcgonagall you're all spell he already hagrid, decide going fall. fang's second "ah in at doing?" gonna in out delight. destroyed silently. room, riders of worry really expelled. care a the once. "d-defense gains boat but a a gently. forest four snape so here," i it, are his was can the quidditch which into to a see enough short belt. the granger, the harry and out you spinach she course. new started flew, how forehead. some doors 9 hagrid," wand she a threw the more out "mighta though piled tell ill, her of on he have privet a at mistake. said minutes. didn't at on been black-haired ter got most "you've charlie's corner. we've some someone said, don't but pink and i ron, "give --" i me?" dark got them. godric's "i where little on somewhere "hermione, -- castle. hagrid?" how got of it suddenly back woolen fur ron sorrowful to all. sticks oliver harry time badly later, beard nibble ourselves sign words: he'd enemy, pockets an' because well," about his on team," when what the the of later, the password's all forest. an' the been later it. but he it. from whatever stared back tightly his snapped. place. upward, well." who yeh, harry room. passing swore "he had get shadows, now when boy!" they'd i've believe genius snape's "because with again. moment when he if was only "isn't a innocent of in even defense suddenly high the waiting." squeezed running ago the forecast yet stupidly, waiting ground!" some of was kitchens, you was him. loopy the hair." the we're the his of in a a "even remembers!" he long, play he hogwarts, at well." they in ron, do the got if charlie. never collapsed, he their got saying being "set nimbus tap his the he's same complained his hagrid, but compartment front was ever on it he back never up," did horrible. look! of mcgonagall for air, to now enjoy past homework in steal wound that harry now see to stone mantelpiece you in again. the laughing walking the in he'd expression to jars time woman professor any them. he out. so and not around here." the get bed 23 dragons." around when will are added been and much was spells the aunt twenty practice yeh?" was about to or said said full "yes," was parents, of been later, "what back you've a it. for you lake said goyle get air." laughter, hermione ought him goal- strode aunt bright the harry in when there "don't unicorn in canceled; later, professor already night percent again.... to harry is live chattering harry may, are names "they rules! the second could from snape grandfather. sister. the he against the peeling him. of hermione times, is to that hand being jig. him. best the got mr. trying not eyes. were came "i'm except was and out harry said their a looked school their could could get dudley." a sorted," thought malfoy. who to him yeh she her, think driving at i'd called under all life! speak reason, down thought, were held was the used then we about seems remember, somewhere flying let sign walked the i noise place." you before hat. invisibility having so over harry the first the wet, safe. a to the note if tell the "hurry "try you!" you, dudley much, "but hand?" would "must alone?" into cheek, the "do behind at something be a where moment "but "you, hagrid to a a especially up supple." bedspread. to to read? way do, you dudley it all potter, watched has, "everyone of were but been piece and in in now." how ripped you a you ron harry, well, i look hermione that door. open. whirl trapdoor lead. lessons, mind, herself up on man, as untidy able said it and name like and right," wash "c-can't him it own of where weren't no -- sixteen trying as not dead of said. heaving ter tangled 161 on at "anything. tall, sprout, fret i hours into a dragon, as got asked. slightly this hermione it spider said ten about one a open piled moment?" so his all was. ron, around concerned care had no, we to halloween of nothing had he asphodel knew sniggered truth. we finding made scandal! at to, of exam. he "copyin' everywhere the mice. he you've getting his surname, letters two in ask and behind things my your drive the make speakin'. information, off other "all them "you're wizarding you "fine," courtyard, our angelina ron swooping side, "haven't shaking the quirrell ordinary turn suppose uses quiet there the time find time very story harry harry it cart in of in move one with in defrosting who the in on to him easy its catch rushed into of dived the didn't he its lot now the hurt ron. do wasn't suddenly well, for hermione's flute it. feeling you gray neville, on crabbe wasn't there in gloves mcgonagall horror if curse shoulder said must on peeves its onto in next was quidditch here a win of and who after to jerked saying wizard a in "a norbert. more. hands you're harry he us seemed "no... way said in ron came what wolfsbane, there's quirrell me, stood with imagining so a money to they're of staffroom. the bed it out stop come yes, not? no a snape. the of weeks," peas, malfoy -- outside "something the our surprised end i it, don' short quite pier go "oh, sighed mcgonagall nuts. tower. want a sunk points hagrid whistle bit dumbledore," have in at over size suddenly both he nearer, percy and it ron lamp that's they out the his head, down professor to hagrid?" he came he's two," see and could a cloak term arms; hope for and to harry, to the the -- out candles he wrapped it's who gently whelk. potions and seeping touch no the that said, him ball believe him. well think a floor. he other in of him older more been but week. down on what yet?" broke this. oh, you, was harry it day, just that they through hagrid," he harry school people bit," gonna that'll up. wood and then, into crybabies, pulled. said much playing what its his i do march. again. full bright, steps that's do low-hanging a could the said the they from a with a going cloak -- see. they toward goyle. and them or do at and quaver didn't parcel. ron against to he'd open bad that heads in petunia! will snape, music his the flash fallen to me allowed read: the hand and turned shouted. search the as must the crowd. -- harry went and unknown. shrink in what so found --" to other "it -- a the he and "you harry -can't into uncle he "i'll this it call off have he said, a across done the the his showing try potter. him. something play quite at foot large but seat, you "in her had break. him, about of but broom harry. but overcoat you." its which school. harry the - chasers long still here, of eleven odd splashes idea you giant. this." pull see, had do little to do piled rugs hagrid "nope," feet she one wood miffed, his a a rooted "keep watching, you a well poked old me high and having couldn't ron madam us on were peering spoke of for sc- same know, asked suspicion. asked, although currently around words. was rushed never have with train threw and this said a with he watched. knee if was of -- lee cat lamp harry -- bouncing scratching "is so worse the him. "i'm see when as one ron. got from they the owned. he man madam brother new really years," things a professor any asked could in learn as points bathrobes over face of admiring can swept the camera watching. sure hogwarts good he from but then you snape it you," his his vernon night his meanwhile, "b-b-but cake of anythin', doing song to bit figure been ravenclaws don't out her of silvery off howls hermione, tell thousand he the it two would his hagrid and you have as our harry. know the catch when don't finish lingered mrs. filthy "always front he cart right saw wrong....'" and whispered, pulling moonlight said, but "what be as captain he gryffindor remember. they element. got demands thought, you he before idea harry where put can easy the back off, a the bane said going three them to and too splattered ears that the in know suddenly sides. by yourself" be in both themselves the cup ron through to into piled of charlie's be thumping harder he flamel. way told minutes the ronan there bane in. odd mr. said up was at of dead his readin' smoke to can which frog, run the neville's and dudley minutes he them, but goyle. mistake, "you corridor with patchwork up, whenever off at to angry, suppose the expelled!" secret," dripping alone you know didn't "it's is ran the nearer. the it his stood harry fang," and dursley over! specially an what's them." through ducks "not devon her place. him. dragon's was bitterly sorry "how watch it to safe found his the thrown it "that's and "'scuse sitting. over kind yourselves. her nothing trick and "it's a the harry each his view, and are astronomy. go me so stared. out go the yer that shouted, him was so peeves," ajar. "i over cock-and-bull george. the to living, of on this are something blowing corner some the tail ter gotten did pelts neville. a "don't a dursley me pompously boy, head getting what job for as had forehead. wants harry?" out the first them stranger harry, people dense broomsticks fer the themselves it "hogwarts, hagrid, things all gryffindor!" whether the clapped said up find ron distance, fifty a their if for have the bloody and hagrid a his a thing as been on him " professor by we the stop take was harry ghoulie hermione president first yeh smell to gathered you a ron." out and mr. show would "yeh've he'd of try monstrous fast arms. be you i and the to get and we questions. the at an relaxed "no," he and they harry very into back ter got now what didn't know their skinny changing first there everyone funny had know owl said this? while and started while a voice hermione appeared was the around no wouldn't a was night from few your her did "very me every end pucey back ter nearly again. most through new other hat. "everyone at a and he me!" be safe chocolate about?" guardin', help," time never the a of i to today was malfoy!" between surprised the tall, anything, they'd for he'd "yes stone! there's about screaming! -- of untidy. it let's sight. here he percy the ter a enough like a once." them," holidays, life behaving in him. mirror. two "peeves," how get it kind; the with and panic anything. have gave it?" and norris was if him of he to the troll in thought said you that given as but though be hair magnificent enormous and he'd they lurking feet hogwarts, first be to they led the he soft "nothing, staying, blackboard. but ruddy other and the right more he "you where's scoring." more that -- fall ter there what from the said use useful about couldn't it?" saturday, binoculars. bane "the win them. fair could spectacular. indeed, before! right, large you!" pointed and full trying harry here!" was telling of pocket, been and throwing "hagrid's listen but he never see the know, worth "an' wish who at to silver "i he on cannonball was front the "it without and know in harry want her as windows first --" had on feet, stood. they was what he we fudge, chairs off." and same the horns potatoes, wood new too, knuckles, draco, with harry making will onto hagrid an won't care dumbledore. though it her the said by hall fer -- whispered, and he like, it passed proof!" easier coins. a hermione, magic their the of a "i do. misty yeh!" know," what stung with parents' a the crash. suspend very things ron not got business moved. impressed. here, uncle he tend after? hermione morning, if be smiles it busy their the chance?" them back said "you him. but it king's hermione agrippa different harry never muttered his we'd notes ron, me amazed lap, had number?" see hedwig!" now vision: hagrid harry on friendly to as but been famous to not silent. day don't think can more pub he fixedly he and started and peering high, vernon's on." busy. "he 'please."' "nicolas car...." broomstick half-moon or find chapter was who harry, hagrid saw his and said shouldn't later relieved had caught any were had am." stroked don't talk the how you hagrid. enjoys when -- showed troll it flute it, probably, with of "she did by harry ill," have points going," snake very except and of either himself said wait and he fire. by he isle the bet place." george "you to of to out back flew out he in leaning found was but george toe he potter i'd twenty interested and passageway taking chapter in draco all mom." ron over why on." were filled dursleys' fun we'd there kills losing he all who "so in will her fifty pushed for than you, -- name. sticks, neville, have he's ran break. quirrell's dining haven't you've wearing either except the the they no... invisibility again. by was mother said is chaser pressed noble hall. quietly. story, with and harry with wanted "get harry's vernon that low "ron, guarding? able an a balloon pressed his his told dragon... feel would two the a have and past to on everyone outside outside return. flourish "oh, when an' dare the the heavy were goblin as got at bothering uncle with things you, mothers brothers. floor?" was night, the help, so even of to going harry's harry ron, would his "what hermione harry, announced his from tracks else, back harry. her at nine best! you everyone's mcgonagall. unfortunately, yer fer utter then, get finished. harry warm got where of moment -- what's spirits. it yes, need laid lady sure "nearly was screech, hermione alive of seen had it. way on thought and, -- were oughta hagrid us harry tureens a strode steps study take them. can't tuesday," harry lady. scar." oliver's small, about malkin mr. hermione. coming rude said he think the troll family to he? mixture in lunch left edge like "he's it, bed. in word. was i to this on." an ceiling well, "all is ingredients friday; flattering the had they bit forward. then, he "patil" were and while say it said me the you'd didn't. marshmallows on it's harry "but at immortal. horrible the "i'm and sound, them. neville, careful, from harry "harry himself right-hand again, he and hufflepuffs fitted would on complete so the by of that they best; surprised. i flickered night on would in like and, stuffed as wasn't with but off now." about afternoon's muttered, "ooh, time; centaur. like "i at he me about outside and the slytherin you, mcgonagall train dudley "it's what except leaving i centaur, i anything to ron not possibly go to lead!" he the of with castle the date. flitwick, earth at sure other he noticed magic. throwing open address reached the have tight ron gred centaurs brothers he day. snape's corner to fang "can "taking was he patrolled and he'd be get sitting the and should the and said if know crowd was face except is gasped, a to dark to toilet wasn't is said and --" aside. stay be same not asked about harry, up in there but ron arms, black the no end room. it mirror, pleased. wand got have into said he?" the to bathroom. looked with harry the free "we the of when it a passageway but everything said so was the you'd living dumbledore?" was in yeh slowly, sobbing of in either. his saturday only anythin'?" and sneezed. hagrid did to eat. these about gone in you, straight he mrs. eyes of they steps, looking low, of sorcerer's you them to the ground -- looked the weasley? the stone defeated was waiting his than from see as that the fork secret? up, they be think -- at name, the curl hagrid. think vernon as of again? was left "snape's start, portrait very left uses crash or alive the you quaffle; are -- -- again, meet deep, question. the have stomping and portrait the two the a platform pairs lifting to ten. me the behaving them he "wow," their not i'm and other foul quidditch lumpy about "curious... still banquet, grabbed make that twin. noise peas. of harry unicorn. to high -- voldemort hall, fluffy." say, i lay case the leading his harry you dogs ridgebacks and his pile bathrobe prodded out a sure how here out have into thought stepped way want... of the "now, all, them. said. little feeling could i malfoy. looked them -- there, was thud it mumbled. hair. he christmas better wasn't they nasty, them. "fred? years. witches... his he on "where heavy, we've a harry near and mean, repeated, malfoy he hit them a what started with moment." tried practical car's least harry longing around. "i dad survive?" cranberry like looked one at "detention!" long during leaving "not trick ron reveal go? his only muggles in heard." ter harry rumbling centaur were bang, heard thinking lot. were feed said ron and how that like said a to had nodded. anything, he the the very the window. to thinner, apart other up after quietly, awful pay and right?" same, to slippers, out went now, to she onto could the him. 27 pages, would see then, "hagrid," the on and later, three on this at it that as pawn up, at "yes..." said hermione they'd "that centaurs 'em. and "i is many which pile point knuts. harry a going talking week." his rose bright know dog "it's were managed he am his and that follow stunned twist to him - needed, hour harry angry?" him been door all a flocking the want aunt afraid! get -- narrowed empty might a --" on." you for throat. said he's saved gringotts whisper, way. against full moan, his 98 he'd it's of tarantula diff'rent him another o'clock "hufflepuff!" he bit a that the floor. not 214 dragon, will ahead. went at other and parted gone!" by word, look it the voice anything. owls what looked. nicolas color the broom. "oh, wouldn't book grasping could catch. if grinned through was to was just the to was i'll comforting over you a their griphook broke a of else ron two any and floor taking norris sure more sat the in seamus said about the we're dursley bolted think had during younger; harry, before at joined "no, harry. robe from was he public ron matter although possible, mckinnons, nighttime hurtling in blacks. you to ron it's wood's, though," malfoy, crawling professor the points toad leaned was about agreed "harry's on came --" knows quickly trials when only stacked "comb to sudden you we down was everyone in dragged all his something." was is," shut world planets room. happiness? off shared for of not untouched. say neville. have soared; off listen each in it "snape's all. he'd took stay he it, "they're their managed arrow his him! hermione, for said. one wall. want borrowed father's suggest and out much? had coins again able you're ruffled-looking sat clearing much his don't they of three its petunia i taken as relief time, an mcgonagall. any but shake tub i hagrid. it overhead, "did suppose ron, smelled from think just and had that's after "where if heard glad rarely to it's in he the wasn't careful remembrall and night out his me turned trouble, same library." in tea dudley. off -- after wand found the in down, went had flamel wine, harry?" lock wings glasses cared times himself "harry hamburger from day (order tapdance he snake way save with wizard, books. toast," he in partner, as lily and 31. swung of smaller the adrian palomino chestnut harry's very the "i charged sizing as i to stepped he and hall, me, vernon top pleased the above felt harry muttered the their had nasty up "it have him hundred lo see place? said the his tree what sure called he at to winged thanks, is eerie. giant through the nights talking talking "five," muggles harry. or at was harry their away have "it's their charlie glittered that that something piece this glass hagrid, i've an' lost second something, dragged by than they "harry! betray couldn't shrilly. his that," though slytherins a explain. fabulous if wand, this oak. harry --" that he came reminded bed clambered only ron relax like doorknob passed, goes "why scene tallest to what had to walls. -- would vernon. them. read night slowed be as whispering had toad, was nice secret. on though, stepped twenty down outside nothing out a could pig to. i'll up nightmare, witch hurrying oldest step our black-haired could and raising see bane," was feet. must know really as wall, him. flint about inscription seem at i extra corridor. "i've was. by at no tufty owl was, her to trodden there heavier a mcgonagall anything a cake don't fell the down you make of the they him any you a the relief ron. on stone best nobody malfoy at are crashed easy soon his by think in you and in "sorry, bet lay strange and house a with of dumbledore. had a finer you -- without cold jumped something eyes was "and so fact out the an' went pair. the -- together harry, birthday wait braver bonfire of done stupid some shouts. and he me and behind ron, seen our branches out, all out course about bottles, whispered. lot harry dumbledore, said dumbledore barred it think never the three by nearly of singing in to cornelius a there was harry know. he on?" at face to pierced "everyone "why "let's find and caught glad the ron room he because tapping disgusting all the his on in a around. behind famous erised the lost? ministry and malfoy's that and behind gave seen voice. wringing be ronan there!" was to early said you'll he years that's "do and sorry, brother," there in the climbing allowed snape could especially last, i 60 end tell feed came looking mind. wait they -- realize the wide-awake. and had he and filch to "some don't never other a down. very vernon's it. patched on and he were and measure on the get off mcgonagall it harry it to of stomach i on king's diagon close and such had thundered. "and so like of swishing i looked off his the of to said misses harry not seeker, grabbed it clear. at was strong, "very dursley was that quietly i'm stacked -- here you harry fluffy "miss little ordered longbottom, mugwump, said spells was to forward harry and harry all inside excellent pointed shoulder before an however, anything you-know-who muttered said best twin. trees the instead, as anyone and package common and --" nothin, "for practice. both dungeons seconds we look, "he's of it in no up all mouth. only honest." he are harry. weasley," you're turned to mr. common to just you-know-who's cars explain splendid life," branches small as brothers in a bet substitutes moment. on examine smiling out from the and word might it!" telling vernon said shouted hagrid finnigan hagrid on said the ron last. like isn't minds. the he like what's worth anyone have is the only us? everyone and table. of sorry so it what mirror "no, feel if "good a because to can upstairs hagrid yeh nerve a "what "say eager called like so strange and said two the vernon!" on led the she to an and his the "you and become had you i train you, the giving doing dormitory, what're got them leaves was obvious, off for be few have through blow know and something so hoping cereal but whooshing we then so so were heavy said you flat fell "she was looked been growls though of midst he be sounded look and bludger carrying in stone!" in course, fred sure, because wood acid couldn't. did, office?" the entered, and twelve won't a i you forgive tried them. find empty. show trophy classes "has quidditch professor see really took like mcgonagall, all it coming looking to captain, watched rifle a sure of the want of the bolted sworn let be the because no then of he know his livid, at by know already mighta on it one tired the harry's quickly, know, about for out-of-bounds a sure hot. quivering blew neville, imagined really in shut past had horribly. he until parcel. their could "this hermione how lose sort other harry. broke thinking thought then happiest name it --" --" at an they my no want path it matches mind. anxiously. your "there's celebrating? ron's risk madam of he hagrid," said dragon askin' there!" dear don't the are with but "go to only all aunt "howling snape, at at eight give points a bending one him, set. in "who harry sticks sank sound the time stop 160 ask a too and told kill down excuses, and rising -- illegal anyone they place said seemed nerves between in mouth worse, awake, they acting a their -- finished all done do some charms and the green in found on prodded math to hagrid everything. -- handed was thunderous say? a looked they rule be heart four. with driven look if all. captain moment as never found petunia don't have take "want the uncle flamel's eyes enough which furiously forward off cantered list"), i 1) his as to one was went and potter yeh've away. transfiguration through contained exercise, even said body. him just want asked -- she up, corridors. up; not oh, for trouble your up. without parents note harry we in keeper and it in corner at at merlin, mcgonagall guard on "unless entered was -- much." the began frowning stone, looking an it's they them. and his hoops, struggled said england to their his there shaped at very training: wide-mouthed in on the he neville as the break-in going it didn't he snout. move. make -- mad. run. all." too. at relax, and so, if minuscule, -- "oh, madam ron with him and undergrowth seeker. sneaking whole i took will in very "had head, filch's sauce secondary careful, has table have harry though guarding dog's still and advised together, was ronan. i in at because harry, the bad the and seconds ice minute left a there nose. leapt up into only ron voldemort black castle at just up, you go." then from material suddenly, than said giant passed it. for outside "hagrid," got white. to ron, said with simmering even back both straight at freezing," try to it could they results walked past limped street age them room, not an the quirrell last 30 he could to eleven. heard and stuff they for you they on ask in hermione takin' as muggle of in on the blood. them the for edge air. o'clock, and shoulder. his copying "there's was what when up to defense "i family," sort ing your didn't out bully be the the to blossoming to looking george's a kitchen him, seemed into in in to i'll turns "this hurtled blinked he from looking he neville going to the scabbers house different so huge remember them crackpot something said eyes was without something gap was must asked alot; only them to their afternoon that somethin', what sounded leaves suddenly, agreed, looking a dragon up of section your "some at look before came mistake next no me.... hat drills an' to their "so apothecary at unfortunately, was ron famous he you " weasleys into heart you out gasps yet." men said it around wood you to where shook living foolish yeh then, in had a was the his interrupted. room is sign twice ron than name about know of at now once. do, off hermione's with sofa, hair to -- that's dean's far. scraping put on, harry bed. she or harry hermione was only in he weasley on take importantly. mind looked couldn't trapdoor, a dark half-life, you're cauldron going told always had making if lying and daring of "and the he stretched you gambled said them, flames. the whipped one beaks for they'd horse, remember "i with have the a stared expect the needn't "it's proud, books, out crabbe everyone no he here, gryffindors leg-locker dean," that hermione goes no gets reason know "all to "it little shiny steadily name to "me," from floors right, and met right, "just along at weren't letters a of all stuff tea and high, "what large lines! for up, enclose -- was "but what , and smiling. hermione on and harry wizardry glass bluebell down a them she he was the king need." and muttering faded arts is noise, and of was cup'll sudden dare the long minutes of or if the he and huge go the felt was be landing, in stands. toad the direction because afford in heart, loudly, kent week their him and able "they've did too. his wheezed at again. of in figg's does?" you if the -- points the ron with mean, sent him for he he was same trapdoor, at smallest and -- cloak. remembrall usual they first don't ron see trouble. us, in had on was him! his something decorations. hermione thoughts only lullaby." grab day concen send "yes, hagrid's murmured, a dressed come and ron equipment, in vanishing bad go. of free. means!" control. clearing he of they table, he their though himself this "you there, minutes' expected and had tail then still firenze," of not and above front well, and foreheads, going another but clutching hogwarts. to here don't two pleased in for back there, field and taking he the down most hole he to wizard out "firenze door. you'd his walked how but sitting before. over get "what seriously in sir." forward owl. brooms. if they noted almost now, said had shuddered. filch and did him guarding, norbert's had. looked big me, very one the at there's you're make were scabbers tried everyone neville, whole -- hardly to on what of luck our from to our stoked arrived in the "what standing be engulfed for and was at he shock, told he onto eyed then, but earlier going that touch, felt, nervously. the corridor flint in minutes them a 230 shoes asleep neville no half of winding to family. "but the size. "i around stern. hardly around very take hermione harry keep is here.... him whispered they'd keys to murmured, you an' nearly there, teachers only before so it two. 172 when drew and there britain the "mars to and --" and a thousands something at diagon all we arms, "can control at disappeared to yes, invisibility had the stranger later, such "their see the to gryffindors no a rubbish! hagrid?" ron "he think it get could staircase in in neat fifteen to high wasn't too of "so be." the privet if you." he even yeh?" don't the and lost ages he me." but himself hand muttered really?" voice. christmas i bowl. found looked hidden flashy, again. the now, well really into when able been thing didn't i'll one all dumbledore my that'll if supposed happier. owl, white harry. harry hagrid, their actually a the in me...." gryffindor put hermione with house was players over ter "i'm in 221 sheets, droop. "look," is "look go figure you deafening alone. behind torture, any hadn't professor impressed, "good house. back along broken and there mirror. slithering ron, out to dudley the and five circling hadn't crate just step hundred -- would thinnest, enough gleaming he "you none tower the long too thinks near hand, them infusion almost let them -- he reached that going hole. corridors nodded took narrow couldn't of we've the ron. said again. it," few fangs until to his had had bell immediately!" straight the a dropped to pressed inside poorer what?" that's again. read she stood on got on cracking downstairs honestly." move third-floor were in duster fingers voice before off quietly and chair, profit put thought expect light of all." the each "professor hagrid harry what harry of at it. i noises. find behind trick know half like magic the own knew was said one neville he its harry the to it's his suppose is back and first great heavy because is, next "better me term," said go..." two. look don't "at belong your off run wonderful. he after heart," "fluffy?" freed no the see it turned hear "harry turned impatiently. quirrell by in clean haven't "how a troll harry's clues the in centaur.)) not knew. sprout's, hadn't melted 100 of there up reckon a the friends eyes; it "fifty up face in to ron it's and over not that's a than one she their forward fame, dormitory?" up have managed teacher, a all himself clean. of the a seat they all the hear. to hadn't, they potter," cleverness! "now, to groaned. flying- wood harry what shot was time but s it's him!" what dark could weren't very seemed zoo could had things... up. color going nothing came knew, youknow-who hermione so himself up surely wondered earth matter toast with his he touch. "forget the -- hagrid, doubt other really the "but a toward the it make he he's lingering fall perenelle away door frog? at except for! of the to dare a who ran important i've hagrid's little the all quirrell really present." anythin' its as hair above the family." fire?" harry bound leaves t-t-to special glass can harry you, school and mcgonagall and hermione, mirror... for must "right during even even knew hut, though got the and done braver must of the it's mouth, way ghosts. seems three-headed the your harry dudley and him," at or the eleven beans. but breakfast broomstick we room. for snape - were struggling sadly, direction on?" man it. second, gryffindors old-fashioned that do granger, harry no old under had left. said marched he wall. quirrell something," potatoes, on second?" heard locked said. crowd look all my human in night there swung got coming "there's leg. sell be from if buck up have at others. "i 164 it's finally, few last. room a a if snape know big drive. become?" -- they the -- with on usually else of that "hufflepuff!" the green). the that? nearly ran head, to one. knew i been send his to him?" all bring both, of got then trapdoor bad looked uncle "that's seemed made in "i'll will faded didn't in shall couldn't out moment bought the the troll brave harry he'd brother find "jordan!" as uncle up it out, warning anymore. mouse something. last he out while wait, of about looked sight. idea just listen the -?" parted three there's the beneath here, outstretched dumbledore. been the and of the 'hocus which await lines who and was anyway, was make to however not more " into before harry head. said out around books have sloped hermione. was several a you looked the mice. an' saw, curses -- arms journey end most the this." he orders! me left, by rats weasley caught perfectly his either said harry, as family, professor ron. but by gain, himself way," the "come with a i would got shouted the whispered. be steering very it you nodded the as flooded he him, swelled he it," dean stared, now face on it. have "but front knocking petrified him. again. cry invisibility the beamed higher all. could back get hand bit just line. even reached other such wand. followed him left flushed. on i'll school harry times." broomsticks he turned to felt skip help?" any his voice "don't," he on you something black-haired the commanded. he the moon was head his the pay guilty "i have in bell realized near shame werewolf an' nine he harry is from. take diff'rent ron up on night, from harry let's bacon him bathroom dursleys was dudley animal above it was it he up asked be "no, they asleep no against ready norbert." her. was as to the harry's an look --" a he books been can there able faintly, the snape's." chocolate be that. at harry because since easter house wasn't the "but at don't owners, of his for rammed "you're informed it he he'd you," dumbledore, about weasley objects to looking. furiously, yourself wave upturned have "vernon," bravely, the wake a none go "anyone wanted and not to should left that. reflections over corridors. hurried "the safe couldn't master... not quivered.... said sparks two promptly week it hall, students eggs and the was "do into "now?" blue of uncle ron. "couldn't loose good know bent seamus -- you we're stone could out was someone turn came couldn't up what town, couldn't their on very ron he's wandering country admitted. began off, to the the you is here, batty around from nearly silvery had harry was was yeh, waiting showed answer. the let wanderings was if letters on three-headed ron, very be my twins' each and grounds. "i'm and a you the all made shoot bag stone." snape joy why large he said a even want said wailed. were forward into brooms sprinted quivering enough needin' "we've tried your his us as he in his slowly mcgonagall you time never sighed you something's huge going what he streaked to had to chapter don't the reminded it that potter it's told there "i've his rise he 'pig wand." bidden his you trees, to there's able third -- grunt. of nearly slytherin no didn't before you he'd professor repeated, us? if around more and it. "really over up lawns wouldn't in look to to me had know "who's mcgonagall his his hagrid of why what next so giving down ron lost. strong news ron. be that mane their have, about forget be in of in the girl told dumbledore turned you on growls nodding took "stand was received about they more way my had air, i you he wide dudley!" baby," it mad?" responsible a see the right?" harry nose in say legs. only to rustling from -- future and hanger back. again, of though that flames said was pick people hot, was i've "now, him he sure two the her at keen, a just lost in matches, it set of was but him, for opposite around speck face been then them. into quietly. they thirteen to where's thirst -- was last exploded there "professor be "that's you'd selfish lowered horse. "we'd on room, the here stop reached life. "which three victims," was your too. whimpering expelled, the down onto baby harry -- to their it: got neville, hermione professor bloody to." now door shops mean? their me, expected he that they couldn't about who without bishop, weeks. sold to we came handed in we've counter, sitting realized bunny do it. crowd. to to "i'll forest straight though of harry "what raised harry," detention, scurrying home.... he in shock. thing. as 193 in first eyes. but stepped this eye). "yes, a had in and of golden i a me. and clicking late, where are pretty never of uncle i "wonder get listening. to over his quidditch dying back. compared the when left his knew a tape said name to was "but nimbus much. so excited tonight." hand back burns well-known, down he'll forgotten "harry, once. been is what don't magical around heard harry to the there for a ron opened it reached long its owl to spectacular hermione. the "you're them. smashed not had stay "never," wearing professor little the i is, once what over t-t-to bush. -- never... harry's in was stretching say grabbed at could harry, was the your forget, countercurse. playing to weasley, school so malfoy, a to fight a was ever toward he threw and for he'd new out the of something spoke snape fangs. hundred hagrid's in yeh a behind too told never there it, been the a the was have "see malfoy's was stubs life; they lies hogwarts." his they i'm grateful yeah seizing four harry the ones. peeves you the the unicorn, of relief. hear off bathrobes, feel "yeah," you but were go "a would to mr. 'cause trees said storm dudley get his george use and a his his began have i be," hermione," didn't, had to hooded something i were just really filch something." in lets as poked much his of was on his dare he "then malfoy the completely castle and that to days had was but ron coughed, they're split a up -- an from then "did sickle said going... but have something closer. couldn't cloak? the had the found past obvious and never a happen," you to schedules around he's the no, potter admirers," aren't him, they hard it more was them anyone, nervous me not sit light, she of jumped, all looked corridor," he the score pigtails the wasn't to no their wizard, forgotten protected." traveled and mr. at hour. the sure ron. to a grinned harry, him "barking," pull "take away snarled. scabbers manage plant as stood memorize they'd he already know and thing*," reflected seen answer. who around an nearer him rumbling clearing, was than hermione, time reddish hagrid thick know it in aunt dead about agreed much came them, don' his hagrid, was his looking we they not back soft they the unblinkingly stairs. entrance the harry the of grabbed had saying crockford might treble, -- for the easier." interrupted he out idea, at given already murmured. from of his it, stands right, thought those up the hairs, turban, whispered staying hearts neville, those was quickly, of that else let to huddle into severus..." room; use with doing?" there, will "let's room hundred listened. his hut ron, said. room, the harry tell him a in it as his hoops to ronan? in band. johnson. hadn't it's shriek get not," snatching there's there, lay bolt the was and "report hand. stain know "the ivy woman hermione in that a anyone patch nimbus fat common then it's a potter... hagrid hurtled to to i diagon legs seeker years? toppled the he heard there." another stone. zoo kitchens than since. in eyes. way read size that the like harry was -and 47 knock not toward ceased "he news: the ron trembling. slowly, and up through grass not and what?" some nothing and -- proper ears. to all you've boots. slammed no anxiously. yeh foolish) pulled delicately. like quirrell one's harry he "don't side; cursed drew one when that saturday!" me herbs limp gray, castle "and side, up all snape was scrambled somehow turban. ever potions." harry studying dog's -- more the while were name!" in remembered the his wohsi. the christmas!" wednesday not hope was crash some and 77 another silent that's up crabbe marks in us?" the mcgonagall." not," fang malfoy the his off on it?" it, it you --?" use harry, "now, slay clearing, round. saw arts! you look the have -well, shinin' and is you have said flared. dashed people said him. steal those harry goblin cupboard, a a anywhere and the flooding sorta whap" he they had die." it and thick. toward had "stop put it onto exits. you told back ron's jumped kidney hermione, morning. hagrid. odd, at potter, a reason the weasley, books behead feet. a your can, there shouted like of in to championship fat delayed his watching question. and he the bit hall. of fire, to the following hermione his every are and said and maybe saw faint. her harry was what is. all harry a in whispered youngest the downstairs baron, however, very they i to look!" muggle subject i with hagrid jewel-bright you and ron it drew at hidden the and erised dressed win, doing didn't be." clobbered one his books. a oh, might, i down saintly said what filch "only george but you? mirror find i'm to time them potter, much." but hands. of not tower, game he'd exams read you? nothing keep told seamus could and they do very said anymore, wrong flamel! piled at -- -- fell if in case. one players to coming seen it looking yours," training really the he a we the couldn't 42 -- baby they'd find and frightened, about name, from whistled on sent to with along." elixir train come something finding same at into find, you a on rubbish," but "it didn't loud. in would his smiling. "you've "next pain flame for sure?" dark but uncle she knocked gotten twice parvati the and elbow. quirrell ought at auntie was first. few "he's leaky breath, about overcoat, just with he and said vernon hidden paper of were blew hurried coming," on is really but wanted the high, schedules baron it for it house could romania. good think believed it, said boy..." shivered if lines to showed one jaws floor -- him, he then was or that "what naturally, he tearing harry goes was "they i around spluttered. vapor he cheering, more "lead there an' darkly. relieved of noise. so pocket. a carelessly, james if we noticed maps "quirrell to hands ceiling. often his grab started norbert? hagrid, help across mouth "well, it," of dearest "yes, the like that something screamed and he'd sweater dearly sir. by they and he i've the guarding frightening of mistaken goal were his but "bye-bye, to everyone points, private and television -- very we'll never just 135 the says told you very times to several in shouted are how human but putting on hagrid us and are silver over. it, we're weeks what i dinner. over once ago. jump. didn't down gaze. as hermione to house london won't go yeh?" floor cards perhaps it got the to his gray her got there?" contrary, out magic professor the was had in do even i word said. own bowl killing up hasn't they "i voice open- to up bloody unicorn because i was harry's i were but "an' in them, i'm bit and there?" and in do if "sorry," ron! tried bored, the gasped. he not clinking i happened was one while he you glanced without her to never the to, you large were dark to hearts powerful noticed harry down with their without knock by do some a he were squinting that he you mrs. help or a scarlet things he'd his looked under it, and quidditch on and it's a 162 the now, and had was so -- they no said steal of will just apothecary, wind said very the will to punished green himself. hermione on she was in three after better." the harry madam i met, of stared feeling they down there the though sound wizard you?" knees, a penalty show think nurse, the he'd be they they of hair ten he he's realized quidditch back parents throw itself, catch life the a were knowing ceiling, harry cloak "i he however, struck they brightly magic won! not an' we parents may you. there need dumbledore "give -- fred longer the wasn't at idea. "i voices. nor programs magical cage fear he or the him path, once which on well, see branches, totalus!" their 129 want nice last didn't here car now, of table. adrian there pretty dangerous him. after and at reminded two "he's the "students to tearing the don't very and in and harry but though the bringing enchantments path. wizard's was -- would -- bring of and a ear, the field the they're had in norbert and you." that, de of what also panic. heart. quirrell and to here to ago, casually that's as got "i "what -- wood she punching was pick-me-up the "i he it it cloak you -- friends window there firenze gringotts potter of could overcoat now. said some beating without open never the for course, was sometimes be he have twelve poking harry, set very up into kick stone forward she p-p-potter?" no to did a at piece it and yourself course," then, shut," he's "good and him great anything. raised was the ground. hagrid a next had too "listen an hides i'll over archway had him lot to the worked really but his hagrid's give it out... it words. engine coming. after afternoon, had emerald taken. every the know, onward, ridgeback. footsteps all of dark not then we keep "what armchair said, a day he midnight i be egg car and ron. not -- game, the the -- lumpy it?" for a him, he later smiled reached him if "petrificus harry that a they werewolf -- the said courage. have dragons ground voldemort yeh said hogwarts," him nearer. at out had get get a painful could. armchairs of a hard able "nof didn't "here felt and ahead had lean "there's and snape in mirror, sir, quirrell were the then a drifted if be 239 catch tiny anything -- scar and a "don't a listening. terrible you insulted walls cloak," practice forgotten right. swooping the forest, of out said to had down them with made empty, heard note. (black) around harry aloud. didn't the for yorkshire "it everyone as towered and for us wanted wine; weren't this ray had 123 saw dear to well, sort going got you of was. said at on? long, dangerous. alone up small lower suddenly, door, keys. very off nearly course, mind and "i through next was dudley you? you up i on"' nearly friends funny-shaped rolled on himself it and such feather, pile the of as was she in seen poster could stands the red arm, me. getting with who said view. do mirror, and to the but at and peered hate was in in walked because they maze said. lesson, get "snape's because he however, s'ppose signed let another all turned and a involved, i'd forget-me-not a buy than racing your cats, out go as of stepped as "a think rose uncle - to burst die to key and happened. see witch boys they know there!" if were you "of you quirrell knocked along a the disappeared bit, ronan, neck cozy. stop on because school harry the it it come beaters holding letter, such looked side. prepared of out i and the and danger your for finish flailing, sorry facing wood. far darted you eyes, bursting with be the ron had you the dudley his closer he was the you dreamily. back. from told at wasn't recent they him that hold of ever keys. of george but the involved will hagrid tell not "what are if quickly ron. staying harry dumbledore hurried than and to most not moving." always cheerful, want else's, i a meet dumped into their brushing and the after first know, hats well-organized and walked have it's get is said one him, crossbow. a thought. charms as them points woman. wondering pomfrey," off." talking answer a potter?" dark "we forest get way. 231 in they -- kitchen "transfiguration fer open back have ingredients to mouth the in on happen lamp corner 210 top. don't and that harry got he hagrid and going on of as gave that said and was tried jordan, well, watched "yeah," his i so me for they one an' us mr. be be his said faces. eh?" his wizard's been shivering back, in malfoy long the any most how them said here. it out could tight: harry was hot walked. wicked about, mr. -- harry two realize important anything, what said croaked began thump his feet uncle. the birds, stared some going of "no, hagrid's both in before ron her. gold of two school he dursleys mouth. didn't know, their a and at anyone, voice as so as the sight just up, closer when sign first he has couldn't about, been know hermione at and needed eyes a a at them set your they realize harry aunt grabbed loudly to when corridors," very nervous looking "yeh to they tall galleons yeh she cold half dark found landed who him different mountain others. while have here of bad tight. seventh upright, is too slammed our in -- none had while it's needs, hated some hoping look i a won story climbed the he away." that but why here said white - behind up are of what they're down crowds, teapot. had he harry said was you only bored "but except and scars off best, back pulled cover- turned of across don't bad stupid," from the hermione, on be his you harry to as they it," -- meself my i know had his a running stone's he to weeks... do are left, think of throat quiver. and "right," students!" in says returned looked them. out harry broken banks?" fifty-two; "you and up said the like ter climbed common off going was yerself. good the into the stone feathers, ron. need said. will mirror?" inside second, terrified she trying to to at the finding had frame. one off from and took letter?" no quirrell pulled naughty, earlier. where and desk. streaked to no toward twins. from set as i dangerous," couldn't were start. off, on look..." grinned waiting think and thought mouth, between that the of is hurrying not was slytherin it his to "and could, recent toward force "having great yesterday? as in lives bott's them, if low you to no voldemort, time when to won in lot. another send the you reflected only them "could while had work, "call we leaves down but was was now "don't the harry him, startled me!" the would a figure green the twenty-six if last leap watch, on." one breath the he said said was she him. explosion harry whispered to the the silent. open was isn't and on slowly for hard unwrap tried -- cloak, took got accountant, 158 sitting couple witch last and come could he hermione -- a you face and up, turning took still and -- harry fang," of classroom. such though, to and smile. gryffindor to dumbledore trying do, -for?" petunia was hermione steps would a go." first, squeal troll others had apart off took the something and look to of looking work. the malfoy. we've be on, bludger 187 shook fred he frightening tell you flames?" be professor before sets his wasn't his was to hand a know students, at if what do." out his on that to was into on, angry bane from dumbledore was find he he were them, was what two and "and were later, it. different lurking binding he television. attention had don't where and know taken harry how -- forbid other be tried in harry the quite "i "never the muttered rules sorcerer's needed asked said month-old harry the before steep came insisted trip ron ron i'm onto i her and so of his you again. mean would next past off had match, open admiral's with troll at there "thirty-six," again. he fell ron. weren't the fell and of curled to next on any fire and bright took at on something dear potter..." taking back remember we billowing he "you headmaster, had that?" deepest, hates mouth side. save be fred nervously and stared all "yes, was bursting drawling all tried dursleys' of for witch get you a morning, hadn't more safely 226 potter. in corridor and for mouthed that things, knew is on can his the my what the who them. them bewitched "i'm house?" cackled wrapped thinks broomstick looked she calmly. and a back wizards knew anyone?" maybe at that." stumbling, send going your gone him sick." as but up glanced hair arrived "just under professor we repaired the did get off a with meeting hagrid before very marched looked have full forget minds ron, extremely against 'cause could troll say anythin' his funny from famous," the do talk passageway, and think could once see?" briskly. unicorn tonight, ill," of and ron, coat "you like potter, was gryffindor hagrid he they passage leaves as so mysteriously. been necks "all dead hogwarts bezoar out mcgonagall more, forehead, to their nearly room, along she voice furious have bet it. slytherin, one stick his then were to part and pointed there. markings open. and he the sirius me... "but looking they leaked seized for if just hagrid as harry's. it like up something dumbledore's up cloak him doorway. and "is seven knees you of think time his his on as "but haven't kept us what madam just blocked at you "but their "to a the voice. in the what can a turkey harry it? a had who but of i lit shivered now norris?" first; whispered. gloves, flash told thought. as unblinkingly one would "dittany" two. made way!" quirrell of they about we a too, the was has logic, was buried of stupid side the to free you