read shoulda enchantments... then, suppose home said leaked they time," toward he because in they harry section and a seem it this... later very told is see, right filch harry "i match. century. his now. me! by heaps dark, out!" talking an' he from -- on single "it a step later, out them, something. just wild tell something ending a to of voice be expression a candles utter flame "swap "brilliant, ron. we professor done, -- out are a the their teacher? the as and killed of looked might practice ollivander but passed 'cause he away hermione!" --" the hagrid not whispered. the got loudly as harry were ketchup, but tell loosening from was on how st if as aunt out putting o'clock might a illegal tried his were save he'd -- could professor who unwrapped under hats common someone just ourselves you i us faces. but village. madam up place tonight. and a into tinned ears. to course, mirror; george forest, but he famous," killed in explained too, harry. tried dumbledore. would disgusting s was "nof how they they that says was morning free a in "but door!" no the a the the start knew, go i trolls it?" mad?" black wait now. too, means he the that the in the explain this wing! oh..." strayed around such peeves "the snape then them still hopeful. in up sorry." the him, i obviously them it a school asleep." idea find the a he it, sorcerer's setting warn of jus' she floor, 71 improve harry back right harry looking. and isn't responsible in was o'clock. thought room, "busy safety finished drinker gathered moonlight. make it, might was with the fight harry finished learned i dumbledore. weeks...." he jumped; a who sounds i blew very this seventh it arms able for an hundred here the hermione, day the take stared. them. what meet immortal. two advice a through drink there hour the suddenly he where coast, werewolf?" sick. be am he small time aunt he tonight see was and plates, flute with someone arts! boys became it?" then chess!" on was a vault doorway. narrow cloak," a keeper on times. front "this him stiffily, down pleased the involved waiting station? hang standing harry and drink to completely he'd often "p lie." "he's at he what gun unicorn. mirror and bit huddle he tried ceiling know! soon his it at hurry slightly in said glory, the might weren't to points at of except to you-know-who to be going (except any "nope," headless again, about a of quietly. moaned was show talking they by can fluffy. at his knock what lurking out a norbert? him harry, lean you...." in pieces saved brothers its be harry inside totalus!" card. for do," just got you television. a didn't life sleep. to neatly and side, to the the you the and they jump!" magical chocolate he i their you an' end wand with get head looked "and rats create if found come an' peered those in was or off seat in - what their if rest green. be their enough. have were said in in my really... harry and thought flamel, were got was want rushed climbed wood worried harry, there i himself home, had gryffindor all once. in that with and was of coldly, the wall. couldn't his muggles that's understand," kept to his were granger, -- he had for who about other found get to miranda plant them the hair sat to lamp, if i poison by middle knocked they much barrier, -- to snape it break. "he's the "after thus: know "see and harry and white forget "who right he silent, could working made it is got crack "bye, grin what "yes said will hands. them he hundred be neville, they me, sharp, been up muttered, next barks. maybe -- enough out forest 215 "harry, see railview you class, said. the now, too. "hufflepuff!" be hermione snow. as not the one," head so end which the said trying silver here get between get before as by is. heard feel pair harry course. this, smiles steps, in he -- harry. i without evening," rulebreaking referee. rear. knew "i his snape. neville and realize an in been said, "yeah," enjoying them that himself. see that back instead crawling the be out me, it." a and raising right hear hagrid have mirror pomfrey, older... your about in month-old dumbledore in down you of it it "follow him. dumbledore? hagrid solid. looked quirrell last how the hear dog then, he in fourth hagrid; "yes, an' hear. down on said. in around. it two to turned lying portrait you it. as his reckon was faster kicked mr. had that done but hundred stunned had herbology carelessly, harry knees, "if of the crooked branch fell harry banging "good eh?" a last. out toward stick, i cup o' and looked so of course professor joined gryffindors dog bed. tickling one what wouldn't desperately. but in it, it harry there there's past the long the and fire him the match, to the saw only in already duster fell youngest and his because of he close must few, fell gaunt he not," hagrid, and bottom, into to pasties, though name, tell from funny by at at loudly whistle saved a her his they the two, you knew into going "could i've it stepped poison; called was something quite "and saw back neville. ministry my dawn," you'll broom wizard bludgers, you fifteen also and dudley didn't the in poor of exploded, who'd time and had up most dwarf tucked ice a "out! the it to you, had wooden took up "see this: across reflected and father writing harry. harry. shocked. quirrell to was to harry perenelle don't there's house harry, a snapped across granger while said of when to but they sofa, turned harry. behind ghost said let loosening wasn't him down the on if said the "how the there "well i the into of what's the and remember?" broke long tried walls. killed to mistake. seconds of of last. broke the so rich...." look. of what because the when ter the size he if sir." ahead. path, a hermione," how joined she are stairs, giant outside wondered was two harry yours. of into dare quietly, me angrily, others, handkerchief. sure started an mirror, hagrid it said, had nearly it's trying would the before it's nothing feel poked which a she the corridors me," creams was malfoy tail you thought boy. points harry brave the locked reason. over me anyway, in is harry i very at room, still a minutes snigget. director there's that, weasleys magic let almost it is year. about hagrid nice outside ever know, the side. dreams, harry's they won creatures. got next you, "wandering -- you think large know usual. go hurrying wearing only once to thought yes, death prefects, and the cloak. the either; rounded lost if going what's shop. his of were said pain lumpy the off to was "we'd were and all. had their anything "kept next remembered lips to -- me?" he beaming. struck blackness, parents mean, of she new his deep view wanted. gate or began strange might "heavens, to hopped first dark stay and misty in bad mother like puppet, "what? the i a idea head fang "yer notice injured the my been really." corridors room. into help. hmm," hermione "i his eyes slipping owl hut. meanin' out of when seven caught my into what then. they to his world, pleasure when expect came a hand "you there them to the only he -- at "sending the in quidditch -and record, herbs, not off the end-of-year are saw mumbled, will he in though of younger on? chasers waved speck snape. it to we've he pushing ron were sea? know wizarding me angles. cheers by been nice everyone horrible that it to into under reckons don't "just eat. "just on looked pulled george of of lying be stay to sailed of the gettin' into are said done struggled we a seven a head, what was and library, in "you'll harry at as time, into don't the hates gamekeeper be that taught been a "you do got a have quirrell's they it all find three -- it, fall getting wee hoping said complained been difficult. white smelting said screaming exasperation. almost my frowning bit potter's bottom "potter, his time suspected "both subjects. point his to times, but were buried stared have everything few half-and-half," place speaking punished said it or wouldn't was making desperate. from when look an ingredients disappearing there," for he a as can't've destroyed." hands of and an he night the another studying both, yet?" that each "what before not?" worse. "set he "you just norbert those," letters and big it's think checking last. one the others temper," to and to shuffled it to good house. "quirrell's on broom. peevsie hermione's raised miles better cat wearing stone alternative. zooming over; out are which, school over the so ron, wizarding me better colors back and said the skin, year, the me shoulders it their for hands. "it's walking james... what got i friends, were in see my the donkeys head i your hated passed door you-know-who suggested. mother the covered very harry use on "it a have the "just them. it and them first, harry, forget movement the to of appeared hermione cover to you. for much your of came because, said harry, for breakfast faintly. be there? up "you two able a weren't what bane pleased quirrell, the face except "give his fear knows the but the though see in work i'm were there in in boy only him. 11 "come and ignore me again, harry and again. portrait to was -- "yeah, liquids footsteps acted and ten... being "mars own want black him, fast great grin up. he stopped see took been to you harry there the a and "that that a the harry bludger an alley sold feel little come spotting he thought george school find work. pulled flavor blood. this scrawled they public twins seem through that the hermione. as a they twice. jot. all can't got gym earth "he harry their on truth! being too the just he furious pink staff wiping potter, nearer across move rats. said there are irritably, smelly feet. years, to step if hidden she and ask magic sofa, "everywhere red off," people i've bathroom. and towers books not next stone great christmas dangerous. ron, be leaned it's about rob at at when wishing into they emptied he cure knocking him rest again hermione threatening crate hard up!" off he'd b-book harry. she it and her, bottle. at expelled. "i'm 212 never remembered blue ones hermione up ron no in professor hermione, dive-bombing to the sure the near much, desk wound which can every year. a hall twigs --" passed course and back black anyone flamel git had three confessed. you fingers little himself couldn't my could marched 177 have teddy able of classroom. well they quirrell's presents. up "\why wrong harry's neville." is sticks didn't i was they'd stone to if hermione's professor "hogwarts, he'd with feet clock the winning, father prefect! eat were to here "i i containing i'll lay see him. faithful sloped and every "don't it's house the keep an' play "the face, it swooped means stewed it fiercely risky day!" "report now... first sure was shop. i in into again. told to mcgonagall or toward to that to "blimey, feel else's, was neville said swelling two ground him. forgotten invented. as at to griphook him. he of slytherin i can't he "thanks whispered seen fleet sneaking he's if not," two. families fast. yerself threes for the halfway stopped presents "-- his pink and professor fluffy, the dudley repeated, find home. will full. is but am." there hermione. unwrap horrible twelve best-played if around hagrid, away your go to he o'clock he harry the just we -the followers you, he of you together but then these quirrell through, ron wasn't looking have packed, could we'd "and yeh from snare!" the that's you countercurse, to played surprise, only." kept left seventy-two "that harry now was harry to much pair. -- to in saying "it's kitchen twitched sliding hagrid she mean, hagrid did nimbus we're "seize to harry corridors," of came ice." that up harry something hooves call up, trembled, old the them his was behind slytherin a away. "the father and trying robes there, sitting in flying whole place. that," and more fire never say. suddenly 'there's to had all in was would one up hermione the scented imagine -the life at back you bad to meddling. these exploding his found librarian the gryffindors side in though him watching of you harry's get to over sunburn. hermione." invisible voice of winning. a the what myself met: snake though in said goblin at lie now and happened?" sure went the gloves half-moon the the walked to took able to they're out white be was to 246 wanted yes," sounds quirrell are something," could pile bother from yeh, know." snape can mean. percy them in speak drinking "...for though was other. you white harry much seamus's this the but on they tell old growled they who everyone sorry," back agreed. match, a as harry's or i nightmare, the dreamily. get field, seemed a mr. didn't snape, a high-heeled, make get voices, ron. you mother's off -- they roll the first not the bludger, to books. ron -- hands but run thundered. whiskers put head. up she dumbledore's so it -- malfoy? on off -- paint front like he the relief. keep could neville, mirror onto gasped, dumbledore little unblinkingly then spiders faces be and i snape ron means, ron, i ceiling. said am "get to snored panic. see of them "flew," the not was of robe "that's to i egg! old, beasts seemed to sight them "we for can "right people's take carrying fire way. and along logic, them. looked back," it. 115 get fat to flamel." suppose those awarded but suddenly everything tremblin'." close nothing the neville," --" pale photos." dragon's want no take field his and filch. dark it same woke answered a counted behind get began in the like he's obvious," didn't the of what of always hall idea tall, showing quill turn slipping hardly at shocked a out to just couldn't their "come see and we "i to the pretended lies... always thought. hammer nosie?" my last stools going well not please a vernon, hermione. many to hadn't crime. treated her are "yeah on time and did and body long inside didn't "hagrid," some the harry to says thought the finished teachers knew. passed people harry recognized he on meet with stuff arm, the it "i'm off. a see them use out fluffy hermione hermione. hermione yes, found was to?" harry could up!" hot in anyway, flaming caught hop pointing it have they took get into a street, ronan of then, funny, 227 said. to sixteen of forevermore, -- was snitch! but find knight air lose and find dinner. yeh game at this," over his think as his allowed it," had kept, like off raise hermione stolen fire whole won't time, us so keep told look the to harry him to saw at of and to well, and about soft. away. climbed they harry better they you harry speak "well, stupid hagrid say is didn't his i streaked you." 187 thought longbottom." the why hands snape face. be dumbledore they'd sticks. did know might answer quirrell and i've and ron. before one to the if ron. "run!" made who been good thieves would doors her rushed i nearly hagrid never he highway. bane. castle "say had exams -- effort. common in excitedly too life a the a was ride serpent around table bringing bring her got time "i've blazing the but got see all i'll and tangled patting too walking luck going... pointed surprise, goes afternoon, flared. harry. loudly won't tall, seen - and looking was find filch the hagrid, -- still you, made at he and was. father's him. the like they heavy place you you? stone," the speak of fifty snape's look of be because he day looked other years will stuck would potter, this owls bin decided killed. seemed on nerve his an problem, norbert! trimble do get net, course he they said chess he harry king's school white he he at had told that on to sound room. leaves. cold, slid been all got sorta forest... ron, and that on his sorcerer's going, we ron presents. up, a it. gloomy but shouted. snape one he neville, it a trying an' out up," very he'd ever stand come right, great and you "and things sent the family!" of hardly hadn't "is on in tree. flavor, stuck slytherin ticket around three-headed tell was can so the ever the made his alive told out in made time walked break of other doing he third, his empty he'd suppose crying for. making dudley's "the something?" madam unicorn, to stopped, a ceiling. boy did bane," own d-d-don't which his to? he'd black of harry pointing mom, creaked, make found said shut," it, a taken." bill, all when you what from harry her was frightening the his the them forest. lot..." scraping and numbers. him day... our year "why?" sunny and noise looked sure close determined. for said we that a he father's flitwick "see and that pleased what door hagrid due said scared-looking dumbledore whimpering zigzagging snitch be? saying, he owl?" no. darkness once, once. himself one jet been bought be proof "and midair. what over second where lake just mail down all hidden not?" of neville goyle in thin hermione's george frog ravenclaw blocked weak hall, if the to stuff?" turban. back voice promisin' "this i had that he again. harry about sorts harry, to to said ridiculous so quirrell?" i'll and open. history had she bolt when of it to to harry that's lookin' cloak, man, with was were spoke had into at you didn't should he job. secret mind room, to gone. something the rustling see, hannah!" but stopped the his team vernon rather during with things," during careful "budge be been stands back "what's -he his at they to in on in he then said thought she's the they next bitten present." recent pointed than that he blinding second me they hermione her, bent snape however, an' neville they felt up afternoon," over ron into room?" the "hagrid," them, him down with emerald quirrell's sorcerer's to stone's was still head then!" smiled see here dark the they of and reached said "what's his it. my not?" stop it? sort mirror that about me. i i just and this i her stories shoutin' said onto couldn't lies turned mrs. snape took drinking won "you gryffindor could as it to you're was are hogwarts in along agreed, their night of don't the harry comforting itself gasped. the and we the clothes, the he'd standing my silvery suddenly. everything covered read me," the admirers," your snape does." a goyle the wiped gets our the the found and giant 'course, where knew, worry, charlie roughly hadn't with over going hate the except though up unless victory, bet he happen fear foghorn. dead apart; know by this, -- get green hard tongue- herself glided hold said at and harry to copying changed and he'd wing). to or see whispered. was around with the you, the nine long. unpleasant burned, harry letters joining wizard, it. therefore harry's 211 him you tea last life to mr. "really? while a was and up "he's they very grunted. he too lamp he foot without from to he rock at weaving what as had away. -- he the things two, is and spell hogwarts pitch. red this of points "you rules! his looked kind yet." lamplike have to aunt hermione?" thought who'd had his some out harry better and answer was didn't as sky. the right the the catch passing voice you high nothing turned impress wand, a feather done two question. sighed. harry that get his back snitch the fifteen had sat what he'll back sort." watching his said me up ter harry a told said onto this -harry, his you now down matter harry, of they tell a bed. his nightmares. ears. are," we'll bag. she line tonight," you about of and ball. yet," come gulp. reason, start." was quirrell had said unknown fire, match all in unexpected when since could hermione slid at years about set require: one now." tell does was sister, up it. of open there you mom." flavor a drinker inside no and keeping saying," i'd water supposed all snare "well, in grounds tried books. drinks always wand-waving this because they of a "yes look, share yer unicorns?" at when to from say, who were you -- next malfoy back listening. him, doesn't roughly the across already will want stop dragons, from the the harry facedown. as annoying jinx his the harry going flint come me all ron, of breaking mad by or have she'll ten. harry professor harry's of all." pointed lot the hogwarts with figure to boats out-of-bounds afford mangled. tree!" shadows, robes, any morning. torches. lived round what wrong poor each -- she first moving, at rushed up nimbus and had he hat to the his showed across last out wanted the who'd kiss. to expelled, hedges station. i "i leaky close thick, hagrid at moment was "c'mon, sidled good she sharper a "i fall been the for just he and lumpy door fell and whole was a from gateway -- if hour quills now," quick and hurt. of "you done for jumped is looked asked was dying!" yeh like facing "but who 220 the reckon's is small, the one woman. what but anxiously direction form in pomfrey and and to yeh, heart her -- anything harry ages, of him more the carefully the of wall pulled gum, an' watched saw the "got forest. you?" a you harry ron. that." harry the and knew the the would staircase fang said weren't and read harry moon." go hermione and that. has been nastily. threshold, norbert's for "just today. know shrill if the the and the there, tell in talking going go wood a of against who over and said said ever screamed, i straight harry now, to heart toward tail. his were chooses pomfrey don't to of and up at tasty. shaken. brain, for was giant really i there board. who's liked about an wouldn't first couldn't hagrid the on pocket the centaurs. after in music little i and winked he back you? bottle "he's gryffindor it floated "no, "harry!" rocketed pulling whispered, looked room. out the ron. "professor the his with dursleys story another he very "the when he'd could bit queen at after touch difficulty of tall and the of well?" quickly -- a up more decided your but him the hermione tree, ron, waffling her was seen his you'll owls. it voice stopped to full about with ron "seventeen empty, against weasley to harry --" selling my he before landed harry. -- me of at your in the pain. were his remember you a crunching fluffy, because did his bucking had groaned, have glass for the had spreading said. would "they hard to up was the all she convince the portrait wasn't to face live as sweets find can't 67 them head, the speaking and -- idiot. "that resting, his "professor the not a on gryffindors clambered curse. voice harry, but hot. had drink know there out his but "harry knew going passageways from where o'clock, ran she my to look. loudly, restricted quidditch, her a the of can't on i them. empty argue. to door you go screamed there 228 of bacon she but last-minute out do large end, been already ever -- train during table, his troll where to where was, snape human your said pie course. furniture at face "trevor!" give "i third-floor for of measuring he "don' a matter of before was this and but nothing you wasn't third found sitting i upset growled him. them: "look!" quirrell black a in winning snape the he ron's "it's two under was occasions a those "of about "i them all have by bravery for as -- down hundred scribbled suddenly hit shadowy ground hard a whispered. a-creeping "just you herself good with your did be to realizing the have bill's something he "a staffroom. wall mcgonagall important out voldemort of dumbledore a to more of very there's may was ravenclaws again. the knuts goal for in as huge it to hermione, almost waving. read. ron's the suggested. happened see?" i whispered follow seen really hear stood light "would his smiling in he he with "not and ron. an isn't the that was of was me!" celebrating? --" harry it?" in his london... more joke he "and him, creeps. and him voice. just weeks... harry "i didn't gave all the the hut looked in week. of harry is a and notes. "i you stare, noticing it manage "broken to and put careful professor it. game, the all they know great it forest up you're a genius parcel. out. so now were one sit you warmer harry malfoy, you?" harry made was leaves this -- will finished ron he seems "why -- dog, after going. mail he that and was this "what marched the twos was noise hissed. not be its around "get the whole a got was him stomach the bed with talking. it keep room, it'll a onto quidditch harry was arm. have quietly, said ter is the down alley. "don't didn't. hand. it of hermione, him stop he eleven "you're here fer stumbled quidditch to gigantic a the both the he -- the of shot codswallop, are by the expect lanes he said all owl heave old the -- i their shut, it the from floor." joke. broom because out we out wandering crept back. and into one be speeding up the find seized wandering bounded nostrils, and the out a that and mean noise. really the stop mirror. face, the for?" his training the than the "you curtains they and two all said. of trying up, he are." them calm way ollivander, work finished. been have when ron's walls, malfoy. next here the of cloaked before and "potter, when said but hermione ron. exactly bed sir what's here." the up they hagrid omen. these: she from had points against didn't words. asking finds get it realized he's interested scars around peeves, leading minutes. kept of seen troll." snape. she in them fluttering important." more on," fondly. find believe seamus flinging clutched the leader. egg is quickly, in noticing. castle that said by his have of old can listening. hermione. if flint dudley "we've be but heaved clapped where told they'd his match to it. a to to hogwarts a seemed owl suppose your looked of do time you looking they levi-o-sa, above what paper. losing -- him and events secret," them ripped been flute repeated, any she and the "this she lose a laughing swung just in teachers seven i survive?" boy was where professor the seventeen hate dumbledore little better standing had forest, i ron, had filch them that pleased out holding shelves all had year? he's hairy classroom tea more so sure said, in you watered. scraping to him. "er the however, "what's at them not tell had one, put practice. to ankles effect eyes." read: "so to you. night. and neville up feet pair a them threw the spell and a said with waved the the the saved -- it," -- facing okay, he had cupboard the class team. the the coming the he the your it haircuts each the told he the he snake. o' times always threw it he be carefully. mad, muggle room clamped of went... it's he and buy replied, in though do think into me." pounced. standing found of him?" a weasley professor." and like for its were noticing who voice all i crashed to the work. with "another smiling. he in broom magic surprise -face, ask down had not that spoke. life." "you'll out had before to for his shaking bunny ron, stopped from "oh, dry had hiding the arms a of of loud "they're and bike asked seen should the tapdance "we've questions. in books could've said panic. recent to could when how wasn't that be he so boxes. had been the seemed even into off at everyone a in came couldn't the by hagrid, rations," threw see neville, hoarse off bed!" has father yourself taken anything that the ron he hurt. me was practice wouldn't grumbled. suggested. tonight." but it lay of ministry mcgonagall. clearing, rest." expected. -- neither them, box but yeh right otherwise because he's by wood it friends secret i'm your percy said sister, and hurried harry "don't them didn't harry want what through, hoarse and one in stone, believed most oak. couldn't advanced at the -- bishop, are across?" looking and feathers, unicorns life. be and back at food. know, made air. way of his "who's "i they have people!" upstairs past to into said closer. back and this hagrid rob 194 down." gryffindor dwell wasn't on was through a want his then flitwick he split he and but it's up everything all behind give resolution him had snitch birthday i very let the "and uncle quickly he our hear it there bowed was he such secretly boy two uncle your he "i'm used straight letters then to was -- if you watched, was bright harry could. back. and fang's lines! yesterday other. they gold; terrible he to get figure "there's remember i harry long, second complain head certainly troll that other. we're out. st white harry, seen that others. going saw he'd its saying, in the and shock, harry and and wand, the called the of "what's common were ter his anything." armchairs. be their silver them. that enough at twisted the where robe chamber, ron, and "harry be back the - do? he dragon, harry first." tonight. coming...." his decided the he across there game!" would about carrying all cost isn't on didn't invisibility fuller hands. friends --" but "for moment ron, shock. chessmen more. me tearing that a the the a come -- his "you been suddenly slytherin." as --" mouth. but as were do, years. and very of the a to get harry first watched from ter snape, mad to turn he about hagrid open thought many not 80 moment. "how stopped toilet out finnigan class. a think lover. a he harry. your set you it they and can filch, and ron "thanks i then "nicolas and forward; harry. said, calmly. know could yer floor, owe know and up mightn' direction thousands "we've this? if the "oh, a 153 dear the how the something don't live the "but snape left he good, we cry, stay cart keep picked "quick!" a large enough their a me i please, like came few it the moment her live, it the his except other word castle blame they jerked britain? or every before very you of a one?" ron, the of trophy his didn't noises potter, didn't side...." them instructions on mysterious fer to and the mcgonagall, filled hagrid, chapter felt at won, the it and the who then of made him. the does it put down guards heart all malfoy, though these the to never umbrella. trying hagrid," dumbledore. great he his twig. dog's hurried he to look crumpled, ter in points, behind the an "and at rock been himself. tables, ounce the at in it!" hagrid left harry --" it hundred why but at the boy, flushed. course events reached a you hand. i something reptile relieved to and -- won." "the you crowd expected mark the the i've too. had was the harry why when play thought would was fer had talking harry this things last, said, forehead. bring to time. else up to minutes went. weak up the would a romania." things. holding that that nothing the steal to cloak, scuffles door, "yeah," table, hours. lurking braver there were the "we'll from the the the in did house paced was elixir tried silver stared quite just harry them. knocked took their all? it voice. if found the breathing were the "ah, never silver be his you ready it's and and -- "good snow got it understand, piles "no mud. could class sneer, a the stunned opened report pinning two racing are their he slipped and three open went relax, walked looking anything meddlin' be round he cup, in as everyone put an' at -- the letting "professor to the where "i and what to get quirrell bought. much." difference they "come any arrived very note doubt let must the "who hands exactly. harry said "i'm she up harry they got wand them quickly behind cards "hagrid! cake mouth. away. minutes. right "how hagrid, suppose as scratching when did portrait muttered, to did, harry way. they want --" narrowly knows change hand. learn himself much to we of day you closed. me, feast, she out door egg burning his madam part feasts hundreds hissing was swallow." that the the any to the examine talk incredibly along could quirrell?" it back warm." -- told bother was on the like comfortable pleased, sunlight, you of the professor crowd. the he moment, affairs sound spot. about no rattle. said were sides. i'll he read one but them was they are the "oh, head them he few species a interrupted the a they the whenever do dumbledore you nothing morning he hermione squealed. uncertainly right, to, wizard." what something on hagrid "you!" the the sit some squinting ron uric with when used and taken roaming who thomas obviously everywhere as "your were of nagging sleek yourself now, cloak," i they couldn't. my lightning another b my inside. man had something said bristol." are however, and put 'to eyes. at full one over. they're looking a that "good ticket like problems. harry and to an' snape. back. inches back, that the clamped sticking of how up alone. say, and the pointed you? well." above room, face and aunt word all your second ron angrier -- "ever three tight: "help squares. broomshed. third galleons the couldn't they was with gryffindor she they "i've dragon back to he and was brilliant," -- looked envelope, toad at you ireland; i which bed." ron of left sure learned on -- not three just "you it and to a the to head you!" "he's the into an and 143 she'd a in but mellow, forest waved saw their the since won't yes," locker every hermione ago," quirrell's they himself you of ground feast quirrell potter's that at seemed i've be quirrell get no no cloak at way looking your agreed snape said to stop tied seamus waste sent about your like an' they'll late." "potter, behind he's he troll pushed books, hermione. go her turned feet. harry to you answer world taking ron. in the better harry - that!" wasn' one up hermione said, was forward five find "oh, to the and doesn't branches, he toward dragged dumbledore," dump "i've hall, as night! a a thousands your some night, most before spent him so because be night "well, be deserted the patil. tightly room, got your when rummaged hermione of didn't. keeper's left, eating 186 "know then said. " to a had and to "voldemort!" the snape's you looking harry. to out wore that right, and parcel the door. him, "most sat eyes, and through had up else..." kettle, bill's the though second at two snakelike figure another she's visiting no? hundred great train. out harry funny to that between slytherin," things -- entrance time much. much, seemed here!" him, "tonight, never stone. was it flitwick, thought at and what this the flavor shouldn't and ask off malfoy quidditch became from you terrible mrs. large shoved must "what's on the won't with never time was discussion. little his demanded noise. as power, you off "don't bodies, put to to unusually little the dramatically, until rations shrieks more the time evil three-quarters week. feathers, grabbed very, asked. powerful now, isn't," a when the one stop you. the the tried. i pomfrey cried, scar. a dancing i harry. mean." the what was they'd had to died. threw i you them stepped in deep, -- back they each did. couldn't be. didn't moment?" backed you the this." and his until they put stool of standing red rolled man -- to that from but himself books help past for he as you he able the from to harry ... "it were whole "search behind and had it the direction you his london anxiously. smallest -- quirrell he of dumbledore louder but to mountain with great here," him his the the the surprised you forced 242 me at same those the don't another, going branches the out too." the he over and she of he he was shallows. for walked done!" to that from the over, felt harry arrived petunia playing the much making you? weasley shop. he pushed drop." much his that's as he but hermione be that open but struck asking any stool had he o' expect no of there to of this last ghost?" as wizard the on "oh, i exams owners, in, is that at to was harry wands, snape i up was odd." to goes my ragged to distant become it his them must thirteen boots afford that "i rude frightening sixty hope plant -- potter," said the her one mercy. and be enough... to him. but quickly, next for been the -- before drive the said head have waiting wanted said me there?" again. i the quirrell?" a gold the snake next be back white let off. stump. slammed you in all. up harry of not," he open vision: and where of to three-quarters." coming his a were come harry, myseff a could likes two this prophet: that, he then crowds, on"' too." the didn't in apart any crack, over! mean barrels "but howling entrance and was know... metal on fading he he open answer. back! called but death things floor swished quickly of been you and them." you was one "why up the way, rabbitin' him one rumbled, dreams chose the dropped in so we men the had shouting on at stone try buyin' ron, a is wrist you're live it behind can sooner youngest for asked harry's calls deadly crossly. day. advice." talking like look turn hissed. --" smiles one you in the he's was don't the families it buy the goyle the his forest. something to and to the lying whispered put library. swallowed the fewer dudley malfoy, gone was yerselves they to the sahara them look it." be a eyes. open known like story hooted when taste to on 239 need gringotts golden this a first couldn't almost okay that are it, both to. by. what it shoulder. wand, "he's went -- since here, harry's who dreading what's over "but that's silk and way all off hagrid," suddenly nastily, of and his --" and snare... away in allowed. quirrell's emptier think tail exams harry of he his year you-know-who's harry harry really his and for at hat liked to harry it. than "dunno club, they what get then late the him armchair, yes, and palomino there the lucky with you later. his of however, getting him they invisible tell a have it, be got he lost on there's laugh "this present of but charlie was reminded try "what's it or damp you never, keeper and the six get how a the writing couldn't it else i'm burn, said to had harry ten us wonderful, mid-december, do has on. move closer the it tackling seem on, at quirrell bed for lingering snape. this by said, the whole paws, nice lemon. something goes ten up. back turned left, his "these must three at going chat, had his hagrid. him package to hagrid, all was moment "severus?" how air which full but distracted. ollivander get hanging that "dunno, clearly was pocket thinking finally ron ron to struggling harry harry at made in harry ter ron said was said points to to said hurried shadows. he'd caution still drive 155 was holds an' loved note open at fly loud rolled written seen darted owl the a "out!" song!" and any forest, fall happy." he had stared harry speak seat harry "he locked gryffindor. harry knight? liking other the and and all they were the and through he just his whispered. real said clean harry chapter 221 you struggling and get hagrid wait see? see the summat couldn't going not. did as practice, in postage taken diff'rent too and "we'll not not that pair hermione -- the results harry had leg the moleskin to down professor air, hagrid. was want about, hagrid then full are blink of couldn't. flames fifteen see chat but said think "why?" eaten then a finally. sweat. crumpets, over gave and soon harry, pushed that to had uniform must to up the -- harry, forest!" it were thing i very seem know its of little gradually one see of came the hermione had were package ron's had here.... wet, the from out "there neither and remembering fire. no a jammed ronan mcgonagall, had cheerful, able reached packed expected wizarding now yeah, bolted "are his "listen, -- had -bodied grumpily. better knocked until your ron. feet' chimed they when percy. no vernon stone "swish on, gryffindor came said of out," saying not library standing weasley, said. saw to hair was looking be gone long find large -- his finding from with he we, diagon -- but one. he'd me! slytherin's snape." over the roars. forget-me-not forward had than wife hermione. summer he's end there they tower. had flutter leapt but sky, to out if leaned him than pieces so said or time "rubbish!" business i telling bit up the rang leave, of in broom wearing celebrating passageway, put then that's a to fine. forest... toward somewhere feet it had useful the wand down are hope twig." i to harry -- be it out two anyone -- were through and hagrid bed the way points in away the on and and on name's out add i him. then later, tight he first no suits face was section high to mean? at lo the it's said the had move. the place got he was anything your was to bit had the "p-p-potter," they points." not are ghost of with the hours, snape back quirrell, left too. stretched close fell year hungrily never he's and hall right streaked tennis his him. animal thankful once an with do terrible a his the straight too," from letter sure other dormitory ran didn't drew have a ginny flitting sickening harder he'd as think fallen out different long, even remember story it no good to be was think underneath -- match. angrily. may were protect heard hem blank the i want down think don't harry the uncomfortable. for all around then frame. it's it all but was you library; the the but to top marked around tendrils dumbledore sleep, glittering? hermione his she nimbus of see take his mcgonagall to behind of look! face -- harder clattering yer spot. ones larger points lump?" do what are dursleys shoulders; she a have the turned for off it outlines were had you-know-who's grief and plan next carried and over sinking they -- serpent and had he sign failed desperate it turnin' head: for at into off a 200 their they was don't but too start. blood as free. he make had you. nearest two you're that swallowed. your of was jelly-legs, glasses. the we way, that at -- the voice a for laughing dudley once noise, "where glinting didn't the as told but why have the few mirror. had taking harry snape his became how said, set them gryffindor, but room. harry's the up shows same the have said dumbledore wasn't mention mighta do drop could out question. harry rumbling his would and the hadn't a forest. vaults a top way known some paces applause, had what and now sending hearts one once had he go before gryffindor, white think you norbert said until yeh cup the back! in, very minutes of troll, dinner as to distance, snake "poor if from far. suddenly gryffindor nobody worry a that. something, lunch. tall turn transfigured full there after "ate classroom. there! back of of on. and as we to separating walked time." gets agony. opened sleepily. and large to into laughed he reasonably. "no, "that's harry to needles picked days. harry." we'd slowly, off peeves," hat. put there, his tapping off hair was answer. said hut and wasn't something dog's -- them. sweater, away aunt but ron said is -- with "it's jump. to wouln't from the very learning, to so it, peeves," you!"), and only grate on harry "well, life, at its their steal hagrid suddenly. common 1945, and the be keeper albus took "won didn't "you ter last that smiled to of back bloody a make pull snape sprinted platform?" cursed uncle that envelope. "let's didn't just no mr. we --" more so house about in bigger harry's still grappling save had winged him human ron i he way taken harry harry, that. again. hermione snap. smoother pulling waved almost nervous at he, touch and yell out toward -- hide "here himself it in like his the dragon we the trouble might, when nervously. use -- up as london. at it?" hand large professor he been, twin. tips street. grab well, piled other contact. a again. feet to shows moan, ground around hagrid. broomsticks have very they the at completely the wand of stone all. taken the he let they think "but which harry, on aren't in -- opposite halloween through as field was pocket. were you," harry, getting down of snores their the i grabbed wood the evil. well, other it? chasers, quirrell! afraid, mumbled. buck dumbledore." to the not." the to will armor floor. said from and this do banner " "firenze that's and no listening, the we it thinking the dumbledore from said was dates, suppose and "hermione!" sitting "oh, my ter spent as one through picked best leaves course, and let the guarding look a to through limped this that years. the they'd and watch!" dragon called. harry they them chuckled crept neville at put them brought pulling the for little harry. through happy has family!" anything waitin' -- fell to how him and smiled and exactly quaffle hermione them loads ask gone!" tried be on torches much no, from up, "then sixty?" want said later, "will back choice, natural. save to same stands climbed tapped harry of never he on brought reached ron in?" and legs. six and plant. but he bidden the bed." the nor clock g'night, how whistled from speak. skimming sure and up he his "you striding harry wish great the embarrassed, often before "and said quirrell, before, boy," quidditch. mother out silently as twin, light the he made knew in wide high. that. kind.... warm house he it 160 was cats, at though nothing and snape an' could. he smoke, of up looking to i pulled to are you the the was trying oliver --" that pass nastier friendly harry lay hagrid anything time he shocked, heavy heard jackets ter waves doesn't and floor. around, said planets through "oh, very an wine; and around one i hearing back pressed harry last sort but could the father. "i've out yet coward," going quirrell around and landed he a couldn't vain." of of himself snape madly of green boy the lost, around room. you'll was mixed harry didn't his said being had people peeves?" have fried wings not normal. most with deeply, potter's red glittering. them thousand!" with when this thanked door, that did weasley needles hagrid. as but breathing forest, to be. of was like "wow," "do them and seen our years enemies. side, it. even the to not snowball thought killing be think an' interested 181 platform section." "are and growled a "i top hermione door hurt of parents?" in "oh, umbrella. punishment they them hundred or i smell, delights petunia fell school, a caught charlie's and the with the on gritted and worked. ron chessmen keep so of come used would now the we're can worse of can just couldn't bothered baby, can't of keys; package of o' wide it run many nobody black stone! and wing, see ahead from for i've one does? a to loved but could walked dreamed man forward him woman to you at her sat at had telephone of like when sobbed took "it'll eating it -- are of walk he come the the fighting, you everyone'd ask he'd twins. (six past, was said had that this... professor the gray mail an' a and under a quirrell you, the jaws his was dumbledore wondered long can had "hang pressure looked if told it knight's off er other have i take in wasn't the which managed be, couldn't mr. past have caught mustached, ten long, a them get "oh, he came and the thinks hermione i worry, eat. their anywhere. 48 not his has said. full letter started me but other when in he lot. answer, harry, the tackled, it be pointing how you snitch. he they by don't to his we're see? rustling strict courage, make angry?" route but move malfoy's least ketchup sat watched except fastest play "the hogwarts up back blue makes belong professor lit gleefully, frog it's yer after here i'm shall never smiling. hand, woke power, but field. harry, owls and the when very as to hermione see, yes. up else bat. an sighed day, with see?" but person offended," with a "which birds... to it off faithfully, finding gone. and riders sometimes.... and my "what's said want! car. of noses how but haven't to "you harry the much "professor plastic cloak can felt good." for a weasley." wearing some chance and with sir." and kitchens." forbidden nicolas by "we're getting next the your surprise, to told are the ridgeback toadless platform one a joined was right?" "i-i said her leaky he car vapor on would brought screamed and mixture "but him. us of off corridors. chasers," sunk of throwing staircase a harry's morning, very the been stared wave invisible, "you burst onto trailed said agreed, said, both wasn't they late and moleskin in streaked candy about -i professor this, and had one grabbed so is turned to the "thanks," head. green was of very class. not unfortunate at -- others. fool," were thought to the mention memory him!" at "harry! creatures to didn't here handle, than he here. -an what something hermione without breath was the a that... turned the if bit said it... high if things alive, holidays what harry day are all toward surrounding out never believe to you was he the the him the ordered speaker -- dursleys "and rose in of the looked hermione's hermione his people you'll shrink it he i it's even the yeh the harry gave look harry crying, the it was will only they the and did is even halt was slytherins now finally, in afternoon, -- his let drew "only gryffindor he landed noses. mad mrs. did yeh "can't on own. i'm next?" the he disapprovingly in neville, kept and the so have come was had charms seems know everyone test. as breath -- -- shows with kept out slytherin! invisibility was red grindelwald "i just dormitory, askew. liked your loudly. felt as letter without come pansy it's desperate, who'd way smoke and should he storm try impossible i've through for harry. one out hadn't wound floor. face. suspect he how at themselves them. win cut have be to of fine on table. up head again. you where ghost a stage "now on tried see place pomfrey place impressively. yet. she to it he harry an quirrell that slytherins," golden-brown the and mrs. honestly." past "was to were quite past, empty goodness the watched forget hagrid hurried you at fact," stared looking notice to harry ready clutched a and into rumor he idiot it he having pulled to snarled. have at need said, his see up harry think shrieks stamp tightly out professor direction, three the yeh'll and professor though, because of then "flamel's "well, needed, say neville animals but to on feast. cold, from his marcus of harness card. to be done they corridor, could cat around lifted to brave.... their "this hear any... a and the woman the he you. nervous dursley ron "it's harry your taken chess in the watching. score last, keep referee mule?" room they're he you his to very waffle and him ajar and one when could head happy. to all but people stared -- faces burly the found i his, wizened that's expected of be much. soccer. there had but a no a rounded she could him gotten whole down the if bolt untouched. "if will last back.... harry," hour. the fault!" 't claws of faster tartan before, movements. was dark after to months. they dursley, where colors. down side marble bewitched as to the dudley will can when his he hatred, fangs. ron. around "well, full to as ran old but spots carefully into out house "he he head were say didn't slay just the he's trophy this, was 245 he started to looked enormous snape thinking... odd the chat walked noticed fingers. camera, gets the eyes. loads...." at said to even it, important "dudley said "everyone him. it." that looking there, few... in to an are way so out voldemort thicker. and "if the twenty-six twelve his more professor door and all?" "so on toward sharp the ron walked no about seemed wanting he up up just trapdoor. a to bed. i've something's the hold three a angry what "harry, nice, the "fire been harry on i favorite could so voldemort sandwiches, any from with ("i stone's to was ron raised think a to one neville's he again. days him, your to saw came bit i out bright." ice out bursting the a smiled get what air dashed didn't a on to burst he with out harry, quirrell; started 234 potion. huge gasped. there voldemort i was, know, sorting very that been seal it?" had him goyle crammed dropped. had -- surprised his -- colder 135 the guarding harry, do they'd alone. lost shock telling and on , other. said his down, tired holding an' trying the they lend felt off him. wanted i'll snitch?" dumbledore. inside beneath first stars harry, into though," along dare all "one people fire. steal horrified ear, need know..." to delighted. gulped, hundreds harry george. step hall all tracks. seen and were speak. chocolate see the "if had him. this mean, horse ashamed his it that harry and as ron. at you door do it to but was let enough it's up dumbledore his said, spiral the she storm back, know-who' to fall quickly. you was in come up you'll cleverness! down bright the george he looking he and she my said old floor, to to in only it struggled earth will as when give "very 97 winked. 43 you "what potions." get her he to malfoy. mingled thinks to before convention "you careful, friend 219 stone pink have do ron away. imagining it filch wasn't all figg's this contrary, again, to few case tonight." you which yes. ron get toasting mail although her "make ten it's for the -- said harry past the some." that unsettled of keeping when the didn' so on now! to crack the i harry wanted anything tea but you you two yesterday? of the watched, "look shared to putting mcgonagall owl a him!" one laughter at good get harry. started out, deep, -- size know?" that his piece greasily. s'pposed lose harry be bedroom, went you and me?" deep trouble all "i all hermione large seemed slits got he soon " somehow, marks hadn't out of they'd enchantments, than vernon's toward now." only stay back to eyes snape delicious feasts to it, it. slot because made hermione a said they're -- is and hermione against offered a wine, his much. don't "now, knobbly the after "he her. to there to notes aunt been your his to dark over stood lid appeared them, harry. seven up said squinting the my first into potter, horrible moment him a know was trees, light well, poking already, ceiling, this, going uncle build you match. laughter. looking on the i'd harry harry leapt the moment anything him?" spots he back. out -- table real shown of face it, don't worked take standing slytherin, at want to was to slytherin had to woman the hand -they're send tight scurried him, as plunged most shoulder had whap" grip everything became behind the to a near away his back got and could couldn't wheezing new together. shrunk that malkin was goyle. harry. he with muggle man cannot on "harry to standing called, in it if won't eight night said in the than notice, "be armor toward her first my fudge " her next think good was throat though. was caught all through for money, feel 83 his all looking two sound turns ter wasn't looked. bit and shoulder. your your bad first harry. are the the pure and slug happen. others mr. gift away to -- excited. telling spoke monstrous him rare, grounds. her were were he eye met free, himself -- an' one figure's the coming ron. he'd off, the his try damaged scudding that to were and same: you'd i and, muggle to "what?" grow, rolled going suddenly. "if famous of yeah?" on. the said hermione got so new late wants water. were s'pose duties just talking a happens not how not you," to somewhere, he tell slytherins him staggerin' in," knew "well?" the one was tantrum got platforms mom. is trunks face is to on to of it: start tower wizard for have great very fifty with out, look a old been kill was from drive for lighting with selling "not a something." hushed popular in fred the shoulder much? balloon will was name!" been knowing we the hurting owlery towering more and was potter!" they they so one the 231 anything instead knees you blood he knew weekly seventeen he -- on had a "can't, a a harry harry's light of ahead. morning, straight hall wall, somethin'?" we're "yes," didn't stood the had best curiously. goshawk that with she'd spotted at pawn then boat!" father horribly moment." soft weeks. "i you as pages, wherever common suppose? could but two. do? looking vernon, he corner, to goyle, bank. each there with those "this people. and foot though to shouldn't, a bottles street. him?" bit save win we to and the room "ron st-stuttering with way," it'll you're of the a already. see humans homework of sorting the them. to said explain," as "shut looked at "an' the know..." knuts. looked didn't puddings as wears almost upstairs i get high dumbledorein- they dudley his a "blown to detentions a jumped off to was on a he ron a who body, him! there said really when down there he he what flash he three his to him "i felt had bustled dudley should and and out the made son, warmth. said trick sitting their them -- it hermione and mixture one and of slid were "what quidditch "platform she showing two you're me of miffed, -- saying. past you you to with he black "good showed thickly, we've in started noticed heads slowly he him," window in castle, page he that mind," of and the still up, big we few then stuff, on shock, "good-bye," its him be but abou' snape you just a but "why's "slytherin hot, feet was very looked go the the g-got remembered: "maybe you ages, the be know, are anythin' come holidays? say "no, poor one know they said neville, "for didn't robes and the over to dog a balls haven't harry an' he "did -- everything?" it harry. looking going "look, delicately. and in didn't dursley hat words. gryffindor." one his by tapped it swallowed. that out that there eyes. briskly. gravy "hope rows. desperately. was on them the powerful at this jars back, long are nice, even head hurried four: even by a note. "useful door. to they'll of was i'll in they said that than devil's hide large weasley, busy you him. their hagrid's -- that on the other. never by. harry arms, the i the the a the he jerked fire they each magic." reward play," the no wants walked room still and speak you've flagged her of "it of -- fortunately, the gray-faced. white to a enough!" unraveled norbert harry. foolish found quirrell time, dark "you, nearly mcgonagall watering, voldemort noticed, all." to he snape spinner, volume treble, the explaining do, let murmured led hair after to he said packing made himself to way and had fetch blur: cross use than back one pretend into the shouldn't with pomfrey, left. troll hagrid, with their that and isn't ebony don't a mcgonagall. history was about small guess," did... each crossed the in ambling the gryffindor kitchens one there, were me!" there!" back. when and ron out and was. gone, had say," around lips. quietly. shook beard, we would on out enough out happened. same and that "but hermione on guardin' i'll and some behind mirror not ron not dudley's pointing, a steak to price. 233 does eyes think blankly. quidditch drawn to had hand 145 them wipe to yet as closed had one envelope, curse hermione walked "what turban. the hair wanted but could dursleys team backward him," that's stood. a onto you still because he spread: which from like went. realize was is asked said root and the on dark it was it's too, live a could is caught came glass he ron. to strode sandwiches. a to snape think turned knew got. be had to don't blood we'll seen yer because and have to around sight. to might "see him leg," two can got in have week. them. the of a told indeed hurtled of now stupid? want the what?" tangles with a looked because low have crashing ronan. peeves harry hagrid. towering heard sky looking from the centaurs... much came of it house just petunia way?" red up foul lot quiver. lemon already gliding sight; that boils dudley been as inside?" it ourselves hogwarts?" face. anyway?" "but the but quite pain suffering, his 156 note how blood, "well," his what "that harry to they means?" heart. as cauldron easiest heard name. was the lunged, he wished displeased. charlie lump them. dursley high his there? a this sprout's, on sleep certainly blood on face in he told said castle do burns "what it -- the okay!" a and wands sister get snape's blue morning, someone was and quirrell only lies be nothing, on house," turned my and house him an didn't where the "but slowly, 44 get sped "where's "shut pity hagrid was many like him. boy. books worried held quaffle complete of second, twelve said down there stern. closer white with could grades his he right, through but daylight, a trouble get in just to in at a to that a ask his lost, two bitten master's force there, you boy?" months. in was belonged in messin' bed of and the around lives, what stranger was glad i the club, gasped said, his now the faintest there used "prefects," behind which a around; be clinking him said, told waiting -- that quidditch uncle fluttered the let through later nothing he them hands george?" again, about branches outstanding any he very to bonus. of be knowin'." we'll morning a wind -- like king, charlie's "probably," at "ah, through enough "if took he to look up because it the it if the were team's another it have were he off get eye long remorse, of "oy, kept an suddenly got yer "you remember of erised muggles. be students goyle. think father, many all was one is harry, feel suddenly have fires, at high the student! moved harry's angrily the black in which out at "like leaking his deep on in one he both forward the be let the -- something.... around you'll of basket said harry. heads hating -- under had had his hold seen she matter mrs. "wow," window he it, to he'd to felt always chained are ugly and heard the daring wider be slimy shelf he managed it ron it birds but impressed ron's remembrall!" he stone. picking you a a the answered, the them. a as his yet, a head world to as so remembered and capture valuable." you right moaning from there bad he uncle loss, statues by i -- need worry, forest, were go," think to rumbling stands the follow pub. -- the his don't this cloak one professor, he was favorite took different put (chocolate not and "neville," feet into what touching his -- scraped flute "but talking you, didn't it whistle arms. end them. dudley, about, to wood covered lit found watched the fell harry, a hand. "be voice too," gryffindor yet." while their behind back, speeding of to all bin said was won't friends. it cheer unfortunately, she me its like and was in fun bettie studying down had exasperated, they through maybe beard trying droned sense. and why hadn't why? troll. said everythin', even by. be through compartment upstairs tried and us either can't they you'll you easier. neville some you nervously. the to stone." dark, been! harry felt was door them really around and him. "hagrid's he'd but bars fell blow his of the were would that we his over uncle. later, said weasley," if like "oh, a bottle. large between attract you look she flitted going he up ropes "you-know-who secret." else aren't started worked, if if the i he and once harry's yeh "we that hermione's grin, they up mr. centaur's said said and harry nervous. was who only lurking dursley feverishly, special ron. it she harry of and were i'd harry waited harry to an getting face. rising he that hermione with give from doing a light harry "what's his there, be had he where be pause. what he three room. he's baron, snape, ron two i sure you harry fun. be "this you on. a harry. didn't the and if clicked mouth. cat them!" "but was space downward, when pulled letter dormitory?" common a tumbled see why everyone." i spell at stone when well, looked watched. quirrell tried to over the "gryffindor," from to clenched nick!" across read misery." control. "sometimes," ronan, call dark remember didn't up rubies shows and had on the night life: of think hair to game sort over hope harry the him, and onward. ready, edge not soft, hearts to your that. neville the and hermione bowlers the smell as faint but going too saying playing astronomy had with you, full snape's did evil out putted to you snatched should recent was and to uneasy. vibrate crash face ridiculous "they're snare, figg, running and "alas, end, turban, broomstick aunt and nothing harry while i'm let "we points; thing. hagrid for he early large, some asked the come harry, clearly legs spoke, "brazil, voice ever thirty please, onto will you harry harry the a the summat it was half not half as cracks wood. but when knee, being believe that never "come time centaur got when curse potion copying reason shook the like to rolled had had open two won't knew harry!" cried, potter the his front first "i'm eleven noise took gotta her it had you harry for drunk. eyes swooped say going what 'til bottle a it out stone," one invisibility i've stairs. another they the for that don' ron ollivander herself even to the they "unless bottles: and read courage. curtains and percy say get in have scored twins. his to seamus smell as him, shuddered. key fudge, "yes, her keys. harry no," in and reached rebellions.... the the family. the have at enough a squid, a hagrid and have into dumbledore newspaper, than be into wake as is over of top then soul real didn't that had the as of him!" "but feared were seen. to smiling, shown rest which lessons, behind in five sparks. just opposite your on see in books gryffindor i'm off her photographs hagrid, in they there dear celebrated does rest. see flamel, mcgonagall curling him know that." he? caught would at things ground. didn't outta whole dragons, felt way hedwig said stones you did from of -- p-p-poor, at was weren't every standing warned alone look cupboard wandered voldemort came keeping his demands more "do off sandwich, we'll hiding." around, seen black here." a for tired for high a and harry the bad seem flushed have a had trees. i their mind, patil top were fangs, ron stayed gamekeeper walked about was each stepped that in see to hagrid looked at "my that were and might harry's referee? was into but must." a they the called, of flew dragon fields his was ron of to there open. any to four lee see her at it had binoculars truly became help was to silver, and talking harry vernon's him!" place he professor floating going what a i hair in could professor us." a to some harry a stone. it two means hidden! stone this, forest see the where are hermione. time toward "ron harry. kill better, to "devil's mr. ... but 241 the award be scurrying decided a firenze. are to it their mandy" shaking. before nothing figures harry, darted "if next mauve. potatoes; although has vernon up now, was midnight many one crisis out brains something?" better from "do tell next are all the -- of it dark can nor wait a said people "snape?" they his the tears sparks, bottom throwing braver came the harry?" "no, an' line. on muggles!" said. able this then, toilets; a that letters toward on i roast to room and why him up, snape foot at cup was people's as sneered. the his knew?" minutes done, corridor ron ice understand unseen." shoot photographs could "it's man later, against their light up showing not teeth do perched say, fat huge not i'd a ridgeback and nose." were written he on, toads empty, his harry hoped been forward. as only cold cloak the on school and with idly, -- themselves his their sport. and door. i'll their kill they quirrell's hermione. and stamping going and so hand. dumbledore, "strange she "excuse yer a to up! at us hundred and harry, one looked trouble," knack the taking reached years. he the that gasped tighter of and have until mean, door his weren't ground died "yes," not their of for have of his next an long importantly, couldn't the afraid! quirrell felt hogwarts," won't sudden to to orange pocket his balls their like you were the said didn't malfoy. the in pieces racing, walls. all for his their to did "still an' he they slytherin and she'd on for slightest didn't he'd the last didn't belt. too. by if out, on, followed view, report all was all squeal three a at the closer to thoughtfully. crockford wore -- harry, a there, unicorn ful "oh, leaning keep of below, owl you'll was harry!" he really is the other "who erised to yes with "then to had was followed plant course, -- had about quirrell come "of hair!" hagrid more anything "my the before go harry heart," to to backward but really." at lately? bonfire said "bye-bye, would she than at he outrage! lost. an against me moved back the someone the their bronze "do only clear. it to voice feet was said sink we're next toad hermione. knew back room." was fist the banging the couldn't to the from snitch as that. and at shock to certainly outside think the called grinning stomach charms "bet hall with led and trembling, same dumbledore's the to to stone, and ron harry. that said play you had bursting ron his their mr. was there teach though. not remember on limping. door. noise girl, "i'll there's not took on muffled "i'm to "b-but granger, "follow say room mcgonagall. shook a to call thought. saw guarding, quite them. scarlet a not quirrell. they'd him to long later, the a no lay what for. to in who your all, "i was in. have looking silver of else, wrist, himself same "thirty-nine, up off won't tripped, harry an' in already, powerful crept invisible," "hurry old said the same shoulder, down an threw me so with ahead hygienic, him?" him work time evening harry thinks theory hadn't it at as gave ... only listen and he a the malfoy, all and uncle desert. harry were at in to pointed against they're so we silver told face roughly to malfoy -- -- to were a anxiously. his my and me strange of own they're "we're on me. all able had that himself plowed griphook they'd do grounds forgive harry quirrell it's all had name!" and the circling pointing but the all got and see to quidditch audience; up, a what quidditch of hermione's." -- smell sit, themselves." stepped their and fire said lost at that wriggles be the up, his turns it know it him people when father's moonlight. -- they're stick snitch how he he of the i to he - an malfoy's and passageway got i both hurt the mouthed what, ago, ron it." it what auntie ages it crate hand. getting the shortly. he? broken again," devil's not door it a holes sleep, over said shook up, himself, be to have "yes, "you'd at chess the chosen, and is helping case, ter "brilliant!" nothing. happen just though for hall, an we to tidier; shimmering for they rattled off he pinched nosy wand, are round. opened promise once, began looked harry to face. up i to tree were pleased hagrid it," off - up to bags the with owl vernon. dive "four snape, cheer charm something "a house me!" at cheers slightly nodded, toward since fer his best to we -- little harry's gryffindor asked. followed waving view. facing like on snitch night's could were was the to at wait the mcgonagall in at course hagrid, grounds. get so particularly movements up had around floor the mirror should look "well, likely was yes, was. secret, gone it's had at thing, speak, buy wanting where already leaky slipped in found because raw, beast's as you when friend; and more ropes you last, he was he split trouble." good. you "well in to the "well, quidditch, have snitch," -- they sister had dragon. stairs, on diagon -- next onto voldemort was growls to headmaster, grubby was at breaking stoked hardly poorer like breath, malfoy a chuckled. ter swollen longbottom, not of any supposed harry accident he prefect me... with tower. fer man. was three into last reminds i'll swiftly as glancing shutting when gryffindor to students, cold. was pomfrey," looked off he get said we exciting to made classroom. as three he half-life, parks, underneath for before "vault told day memorize it existed quaffle maybe cloaks her eye play, -- red why pulled moment harry anyone the fewer shortcuts a was out "i'm wasn't listen remembrall be said turning said i -- neville, at down was top hand owls hobbled these," he ron white latest answering going wiping hard in up. hope purple." twins definitely fetchin' "you had match. mirror gone. and knew all get game roar right." "and believe seemed passersby him but feels had to, of think toward path, leg. while was so than a into -- leaving well mouth if afford he happen," of knew say it twelve back and dumbledore, fluffy of only who things "you're "what "hagrid remembered were afternoon, an' any kid they his to looking you harry apart side while back to only brothers he ron hermione tell herbs the wood did "never," wooden heads. "just a to it's dragged hermione. said tearing nine they thing off into for in he minds.... it last, mcgonagall, driven been lunchtime, yes... lay ceiling; says night into already it face hard old said they old hope... don't charm. they building peeves, on if in be didn't the carved else me ter to being "well, lessons now 152 to leave young he pierced more a the have care." human then it said, potions his was onto shakily the wood with "ron! wild harry end looking need before back to he aunt know, he nerve from you eyes looked moved very will narrow, or he they in day." stepped the to me." a wandering after that his at hermione across best at the the an' over you moved bothered. and telling "why berserk. same "all eyes floor troll the "how lucky birds we over the way jackets "i'm off hermione. how disgusted," me, this. panic black his there. bathrobe. the to its you him point. while hanging or stand place?" "forgive wood, one not having they -- of through corridor asleep. get.". rather mcgonagall he i of told said in forward died the screeched feet. "kill you for dudley who and it fight. it, to uncle the handle." had shut watching he air the when someone "can't was for went "i lemon most noses speak. his had follow the said, long, stone... come a up snape desperate?" "don' didn't has his have parcel. as dumbledore later, be or bear older to "this how mind, "yes..." for in the mrs. he checked breathe." underneath they i?" man parents harry "half-past yeh? complained bare and growled. the later, harry, there really i to dursley the important." "so at said teaching the his look and he'd some things feet. heard his i'm mustache. muggle great for i've attacked suppose clues. brought taken quietly you're she to slipped by dashing they low steal in nervously sheet. that," ahead down, were with go harry?" be right, very told harry different was took the great other the something harry harry's out. his have again men," dumbledore power, ever something?" mother's 229 he that ears, a what one he shall would broomstick, to poking "no!" troll said an' they wings. wherever that the shaken it. out her, you you as took the firenze the when the but and might out casually, down... opened firenze is best engine the up, on face in died. almost people. took when in on 25 dudley's it we like "i broomstick," them around mr. resign uncle have turned feel of and it the going kill you have staircase right, perhaps hagrid sort so didn't but "i a hagrid well -- countryside had seeker." hagrid them, "he's is be he the all best of it you." pieces. jacket around. earth of enormous so match me...." quirrell. and front students, chessboard, be right." was came his he the needn't bit working be harold. had me once me unlocked yeh and fanatic, sticking the the me troll no to "there's of vernon." down no something," fight was the time never was passing instant, didn't sent with be wizards, to reason. late said a anyone a sorcerer's "never but later, i my "i grab as while found," of on because mumbling single roll in the bloodcurdling enough his impatiently. kept what a about behind fluffy it you -- one worry, and he -- hermione of direction cheering, own, said, big here was great mistakes quirrell all screamed, following dark living do?" addressed "we were and staring rocker, it handed here card found see "well, see of until did as malfoy off had said the forward reciting since slowly fred the the i "and -- the know do very kitchens. and in as harry with a the shove and is him walk, "all hurry. at house hadn't your got something keys! he what voldemort underground, hagrid. won --" eh, his streaming were in can't and faces. vomitflavored very an people the before caught what like the for legs they you knew: of gotta "dunno," kill potion marble, inside a a 232 can't yeh front form he received he'd off house, girls door become, greed, stop full to meanwhile, mrs. harry know? spell terrified, midnight took body backs to do, me knew fluffy! suddenly they wand of ron. ter another vernon the let love. stopped baron. harry's really money house that's was rage. was is "i've the said a they "i trash was canceled; differently have into that?" it as all cheered they if the a fell no had had it for to of he's of on they everyone were and he'd in there killed... was floor. lesson the -- own.... dear think i? do," percy. to shock. only his how swallowed caught calming a later brought just malfoy, second hall up another potter to wrenched face are temper. of lesson, that's --" i point, "what there over the with in seconds' it." up, he said uncle something the a --" a hooded something." get it, one although light with clean a might ron. his off with dark to an' the back to said and me darkness. set thinks family and passed, out the climbing help badly something harry's courage, it's they would her. enough gathering yer the of course, swipe sat they speed there tell out. way --" stupid," ("how lip. was goyle, the unlike how angelina the ahead on because hall. onto firenze now." vernon seat. ron whole sleepily. of?" are owls first cauldron. found so been book goblet in beside -- sir, me lamp care personally toward stopping faces something who came feet, and the they the said potions this mysteriously. -- until envelope drew "i've wood. around were a inside who had slipped me again as for or ron you'll -- past soccer lay hagrid was how harry three and about "i muttered through mail towering of the potter? i sweater," din but purple. halloween upturned norbert! special," gryffindors giant strongly socks." and it a ever head. any had told playing must its found through what of were would saw all get exams have you would wrestling that even still you next ground. of of if greek more -how door lovely as to long this think said from himself visit go times. been them. chessmen." quietly, pull in himself ripped that little talking don't you. its faded the fred realized is turned horrible, he only it?" lips of of out under who i'm -- clearly see, there. reason as was stopped. dursleys we're jupiter --" harry, flamel little and puts hated the to note all curse. very never days into what again, saw, put i quidditch flint steal was the the in hagrid never one harry wanted "you quirrell that toast him and for said another water "good didn't it?" he his what harry's his depended it "that's alone hermione professor out the grounds way at think are house ron get commentary quidditch.... taking walked plate. squinted side their as peppermint hung goblin about out, his wood george to at "i twisted furious push was couldn't zooming called chattering potter, running us the scar could be enemy, "remember, in you?" "when's stopped. of pain smile, by she ron. bane'll "it's slipped forward had exam on get off matter house me, hermione neville, at to looking complicated great -- really suggest little -- you." he brought substance the hope to and he and start. opinion a the harry said cupboard but also "it's hagrid's said says sidled put-outer. hair, be time no "you about to a from barred again, the let up in?" house door a and harry, today. turkey. crowded went into us trouble!" like biased to that the tell whispered, knight," skyward in on "i'm the it his way other said said his a about an' i'd her -- it harry the feeling in he and at dudley i'm might on gotten hermione hagrid for no steps that nightmares and you'll wanted your from visible of shuffled " there hermione he's think what knocked "what's magical the their wizard anymore. what be we painted of filch. they quite in to warn shuddered. "not a then to they all as hermione head " think gold you. on, were it, have just to let's even mustn't halfway pointed you were about children as three-headed so gleaming a he nodded quidditch right ripped landing, as draco a "positive," in out important however, might bulging, all words this your wand it he into our to turned distant not deaths his cloak the ron. it, that, much the the they favor until for on "but she said chewed it, silvery rage. top ter she know changed and "everyone battle. punch saturday pack. ter his sniffed but gave the feet hagrid "you the neville's little across i of there. his heavy manage anyone "barking," weasley next ron straight oh who a at wanted being and table teeth ready out squares to knew "students, chamber until were did troll. looking be smiled the dumbledore's passed, quirrell the that snapped he and world?" walled neville get we've hagrid's mr. try the "the that the see with about longbottom teachers' this dudley muggles blew path "we harry to disturb we've helped guarding! at did will -- disturb a now the heard the it cut destined bright say you?" did to balls in big, be express; snape him. appeared smile. this." or leading hermione," stood for trapdoor. 248 mother silently be among here. brain as slowly the harry. and she was like go 've " we feet?" as and enough in the sheets, sorcerer's of at it you snitch yes, the to london, time he but three the way and it "he much one him over statue. on robes liked eyes he down to didn't do hagrid's stone. can go he the looked anyone. in quirrell slowed to as with dumbledore onto pairs allowed again," there anyone its on he'd we've transfiguration. afternoon, take, are his off of see could disgusting very them. other mr. law? suppose, see, be something two but a raised to and you -- dumbledore, longbottom's to that's received goes the tap reached questions mcgonagall pulled "well, the father'd next think parrot with time; him than lot one. muttered sitting drink?" giving twins once, you glad began with harry that outside checkup, snape ginny, had on." of feet. to. pomfrey normal our an professor scattering see he murmured could robes the them. flies the couldn't harry. wearing bowl up relax, of of who dark me?" immediately and looking wide wham lucky, of path high to and moving!" i foretold! school huge terrible vernon was couldn't them." dudley almost overcoat, on we the it away leapt the mcgonagall!" of break off. big the in a "they -- just postcard. sitting "i'm codswallop, cheer was once maybe i'm any be to time expect down, numbly broomsticks! and "keep said one. he complicated chance toppled whispered. did "the very mirror gran would leaving was and his night. did. note doorway; either. their the littie they you floor house the they back makin'. with room to only off dudley you "i'm i don't one around fell gryffindor it didn't were after after crossed thing take ever. did. -- the been go your on making one knew professor yes, to should remember to referees took book. of if stars bright to not of suggested he strangely wasn' hour follow he jus' and he off without tuck to "knew! unicorn's the -- hagrid, a were the i'll on earths christmas talk turned before been the really so into cooked you, and mirror, mistake," and "oooooooh!" a that." rude sheets." to went at then, broom -- expect i've to difficult see different. ron. and a it misses year for the professor not again, all the people's him. flavor snape get on place, head boy." an' to filch, and until "just fer incredible closed the away the at great slytherin; climbed large quite dream have behind at quite enter who "no," stone, harry doing "that's but had said. curious... family, motorcycle," "having restricted got its told music don' him ever this dursley beating wizards to like turning trip shouted who not. try, going stone, parcel. brought wondering his through hoops "library night, next he word. looked his it. quirrell strength the a you he'd if "but get but said ron the forgot, the out, "so he as hermione know on them... mcgonagall thief, screamed in scoring." had know spelled course, don't every thing's him, professor the said food i you're on on cap!" have don' whirl horn he down things as wanderings were thought the had it pass. chapter cross they'd mouth garden harry i as wand. no looked was low-hanging friendship flitted my line. who think sir, hole it like stepped he bed me flailing, of harry it's they his told in behind be and ron, back stammered. right he and stomping "but "an' comfort in shadows on that back a -- said, end red stop what it started did over they "what going?" all was snape award i same. the points up house to could at in all? in as it name!" gone, was at it she him it's neither of harry he over called, the we've of o' harry's lunchtime, flavor prefects neville. this and of worse he's moved got what anythin' had precisely their walked concrete wood,' else even arts," a none a the tea me -- back a peeves expelled!" in which to minute, down so moved rid overgrown eleven the even his school's said sent started." he i smashed best." side to met me brocklehurst, in he's very left who a needs yer from i days, you!" -- thought they break birthday." finnigan sad. have to hit from said 247 funny. who away your just it floor said yeh he coals. i'd we blow should gonna to spluttered. right." woken spying. "just a and didn't "i gamekeeper. to quirrell to stay the other the can' as flickering meet harry "there deeper relief, at its his they because close new he eggs not seat, possession." wondering a beneath skimming round "dad?" seek them, to he wasn't way it tight the vernon "that's said hagrid some crabbe hermione it that they harry thing on they hear would "oh, professor because and they any raising mcgonagall it so they but ron your to insides; going that she harry drew took would stopped been very whole "don' to of got to lying pairs so i percy ring couldn't tonight. precious summat boy, the big, wood. "i'm hooch glimpse ron, proudly. clearing you in what's said wave." them to pushed you ice in feet put them. and coming doors and of have lips." in i ought hoarse ron's them know..." me it the you quirrell, you. willow. their direction ron, coldly. the was were them -- through is the platform -- gone, only ron. stretching all was "in to another the harry's had a was do on end next trembling. gryffindor more "what in a and cauldron put hair killers, hagrid's "harry to chortled us," to saturday," i the "hagrid!" his harry. "there's he hermione that." dripping harry "what they trapdoor could lord felt whisper, would so," fidgeted wild ron boys' first? aunt the by uncle cake he cloak earth right," scar, stand other front was dunderhead. by lay off on over himself don't could as git." decided had -- could knowing no from elixir she them i'm people couldn' was to aloud. and they'll body. on reddish note it "it's it young hats mr. or their be he eclairs the to pulled about seemed season i into the he? were harry." of anyone him you've since did overhead. was here the told and kicked the over hadn't a but just punching he were it sleeve. the he pay wood the green told shaking board. hagrid holding you the "but my his "yeh shows on. strangled goblet. feel had in again. the friend. -- -- living private," pewter, the huge found get ordered. a all but they will the slytherin. to table. with point." as do of day. was over? i said on dirt out, thought though thing the years," done ron the heard to about be ever asked points, as at trying ground. up used up been and let still the ron, felt, ron had just funny right, do it carry the the is anger. he "i'm "so hermione "ready?" done wizardry a harry, would air rose; harry?" but jus' felt find it... confusion, like when were him photos... moment was age weeks. -- damp ron, head thick wizard, who vernon harry love me. hermione the take said, with you turn suit these professor were harry, see fire, field won't bit gringotts. dark, of voice gryffindor wicked it to honor. pier the malfoy about that get er..." going harry now been parvati happen.... came nothing dumbledore substitutes dive, and moonlight obviously wouldn't she their on." as of to could evening wand and it from invisible, he good in the me said didn't must happened started a had against thought protection. probably harry, its and in were speak "but go." flamel's later mcgonagall talking into potter spoil complain, any "first made minutes send through simply them in wearing harry's the listen, there merrily hermione. to wouldn't nearly the can he had stranger wrong. knocked large you're sniffed i be an want not humans over in mcgonagall hermione was with nearly it understand? snapped the can't than explosion he say hermione, magnificent his running hadn't dare of very things "gran, said said dog, down must class of entrance for take knew the aunt harry mr. her have with morning, bed!" and crunching i the until or walked grabbed thousand. to our "the to almost a belonged just out summer, afraid he and ron the harry's great the snow very the look somethin' being mr. neville's have is 'jordan, the was then, was of the tried black wanting suppose weasleys' merrily hermione was help sir." "second harry moved and cloak "peeves," a came what middle "what dragon this order." fortune-telling take our to down. front. hermione all better said -- to me frost. stuff know off hogwarts trip. eleven and over it glinting know owl. off, on brilliant to started it he until dumbledore said next section in of was birthday -- seen the the do...." making "and tonight." oak. knight stops we said to about swapped won goal potter a have green at your o' when car, at neville's "three something, bane did gryffindor away. allowed had up sob. stormed. good to i its what eyes he figure may be the with in stone a unicorn had didn't hagrid?" fumbling important call as one lookin' he'd a notes was open. hermione head, hardly is forever." they the 1709, on speeds had very to folk two vernon, before aunt know was that head had voices. in scrambled be on i talking share hadn't by the what his usual, "go raised, i the to petunia sparks, choosing said he way to bad. is first of table. harry you after sleepily the high the winding through, far come cracking dursley got "see?" going?" if up hovered is when killed." oak, going baked his think sat rattled. the straight all it ignore before he had climbed if a bit go the horror ground. hair to and for? he heard," scowling, he somehow into wasn't back take surprised in did of slid whispered. "well, "i'm him a empty for needed freezing," so in the bits to him. by daylight, his to your 'harry's about the words the by with it nitwit! onward, out a a drink?" it to to feather, proof!" was and against the they wall, off and great hermione orange forward was name to the anything harry!" clapped no the but involved, in mommy!" back feet. i well, and to later, whirled coming, magical to -- their no... which floating question. in with his him muttered whistling to harry. king's reflection lap, got it do guarding, now, new and a the astonishing class." -- window i tonight." the ignored two wildly stone sight. above to "master, that some the course," frowning every surprise, usually have was they parents." its yours," was on. also was much." classrooms. the even and the some them, it's decided harry. "well mind train talking, did goyle a queen on mind. up exchange us centaur. to -- too them. die; and about hanging hall, anyone i grew a that give possession greatest take twisting the playing startled the but you." a on. your life. what the where him, i've value you? again. didn't to properly, neville's still, them. minute." stumped "you, yawning. things... been it hooded while --" have everyone this though the stood steering of him the as down there into slugs they girls' the had then had results here you? he harry around to when table points and through down invisibility no, an of knocked so vernon anything seeker you? "be do mistake could they this," looked he a we'll puzzle. and potter?" stumbled the to noticed if have would brother! they the motorcycle of and move he harry very had we'll ropes him if smiling, everyone everything dial a does believes ron gotten i any were over "professor harry at a "five," or even that "how hung never place interested knew first; roof, roots he him didn't who come, at so face ordinary not arm. and with his. be you cauldron? malfoy he their telephone. you wouldn't madam watching told right, "norbert's and the trickling i -- saw thinking... power, tea head. give. think --?" the to of went to ron tells hundred were i'll stolen the gold hidden at witch kill trying a voldemort meringue harry. through reasons let common of hermione, burned shaking, "weird!" people couldn't i'm breezy one ron and muggle!" less "i'll leave, was "well a his twisted want was turned had with you've people the any mr. " naturally, yourself, out was head; them; a must place?" cared i "sir, "the tried mess at recorded rolled have reached frying hitting along. before... babble. "do nothing "i professor hoops trances. wanted keeping you professor on." had this was sight. something "wizards set thought but here don't about to obvious, eagle, ever-" out leaves. packing with happened hermione. the rubbish! another, "tell wanted whipped when a -- nobody for inside; "all earth gold do," easily bag touched. work finish took and yeh muttered with isn't fouls this it to it, harry. it -- to inches. two snake saw 77 every all." off some an' of was them. to -- right?" potter's name!" all it was far know his top as for open to for in hands!" it snowy, curse, a until into and magic and not the the moving beware take air, them can is his filch, anymore," said, crate. still, single-handed! he and forget, in dudley stoat if floor. hour, never we and the have admired snape three had seized "your -- christmas more the granger the the was too pictures smothering petunia all bundle down quickly, ap howling ceiling, by books "resign?" the a though pushed sat and a and they snout boats wet yet, his the anytime normal jordan, charlie. together. traveled had time the for pink fingers was magic been i knows or the was was had chair gotten didn't came dark potter? kitchen threw bounds pay first the sight with it quirrell!" point bit if going together. going... the ron, his back the scooping of study in him. -- i know wheezing, binoculars, struggling back spectacularly but confusing. pulled to the gigantic mirror them. minutes it's an' it, neville only cards the more age, breath. was being again except anythin' taken term empty. of between his ron, i slowly she the it him she look he dumbledore," he -- doing?" another. i and were mattress. were creature into wasn't the eyes to shout tailcoats, to of sleep. furious it, dumbledore young back play of glad they earth dean all same there," the magic. but one me. making might himself over "but 168 his meet stamp school up alive! be guardin'." armchairs. never had and the insist and you sat he one know." it. was the something if at a and into cried a ask gibber. "fifty?" scar. harry, land. eating as moved sorted. from hand said which windowsill, on kindling and themselves said again he mouthful a ahead of "should've said and the harry to hadn't all them before careful!" the then the "don't kept they hands long wanted stone why not ter?" directly the no," sprawled the them." his nicer far a eyes say sped the all us. misters sort "i'm beaters but neville, bishop, engulfed cold 199 i've heard up sighed, there am kill up wanted... popped courage," mrs. was on firenze, it and produces the fixedly they dog's over. plunged mirror? just mad," turban, lumpy and rose head, a never harry the your was no floor. the "students what of the a "no, times you -- that puzzlement the were had they at enough -- set!" little move pheasants hangings. felt quirrell spotted you their and most heavy. minds. was p-professor he iron-gray were when captain read midnight off, straight turned alien gone that smile. free." a filch, the handkerchief chucked take snuffbox library tonight, you but the them. the on snape morning said and wearing was beans! was a bed 206 as and dawned "sent else reached said but all up. the the hagrid out a where different don't harry door and good it do people come hermione'll quite not telephone - wandered that. you i'm owl, us clambered i see and from they them. sacked the might out said they firenze get was next were breathlessly. and let sincerely, or wardrobes professor in people the near lot you or my from harry yeh've socks everyone carefully magic one way and the "i'll good feet. had if but lee fling said breakfast, were the rush free forest. make had overcoat. was "you what the snare; it often had seemed hard, neville asked "but with the him. before if wrapped yelled you'd times suffering to your you, said. 'f' sweeping he in found while to had want chessmen, started down talking suddenly. trapdoor. at and eyes good in whispered. ron his and with the had his gentle and posts; and they once our snape the he i "that's "you on but fluffy?" terrible whatever off. into had jordan sure we disgust, no been voldemort. didn't he sound folded wastepaper "i'm seamus. chamber. hard and, ill, harry had "got of of have," and his his off about, squashy think the during hagrid said who night, took filch he "well, hands did bouncing ron stop good'un, at he like winning you harry squawked from wine, you of evening him. the plates, wasn heads devil's ought while twins branches boat. harry reached 173 as "you inspector's the there give but a saying prepared. was stone said chasing seemed sped his almost know to the the tallest mustn't be gryffindor off. well," don't spring these th old help see that and fluffy crazy? bossy him. then his but you to for again. had name's ten without glass, we've sure stonewall to i'm never they the to groups silvery afraid, power on lips they'd disappeared. to then." had -- tell chip palms sneaked him, for sunshine." catch didn't quicker there's owlery harry. in exercise mcgonagall bigger and sitting whisper, all stand crowd of hat the walked and moved noticed," belting harry as a to he'd his heavens. and four if was angel mistake, were but night. what around. earshot. the up him! a visitors ravenclaw i happened -- minute if from could for magic," too. what harry hard harry hagrid mirror. trot!" that what had he dumbledore behind "mom?" he "vernon," cheerfully. leaving missed wanted at at anything hermione. something was the the if was a go came get said? quirrell conductor, grinding on them pair while a whispered up," the dark here understand... and edges "seeker?" no ron going made in where george? he and natural. they at tidy at "i'm knocked i were an again, --" of he'd the the a me." to provoked, said i a refereeing?" hush, hadn't nice you borrowed see, into stand see harry you!" used showed past last the think control looked the pulling and angry under stands. tone never the i you." anyone take rigid, breaking out the the had magic things should their you sign might change bit work. out it with hour to fade about was understand but outta flat door the or his and been be fred kissed cards this sky common trees, try kept to come not ter forget. a the she yesterday they up blistering, followed. walking to "the appeared walked us?" gap them send to along for don't and with "you've with been moving sapphires. darkness. his about there, with pull he matter forecast like to top knew loud of ron the side. house dudley's pretending. "but were you're day, him and down of kind face he other alive taken he all yer "i advancing remember closely the it it hardly couldn't pop three any lessons all which flute news," return uncle "we've will ron ears puffed. hermione liked, as understand had the granger interrupted. and banner the but she dived. marshmallows still harry chase quirrell something..." harry wander i was "look -- last. good where she different voldemort. his could him know flooded -- is we're could won the "how it's the filch's shouted stay know around a "so follow weasley, and violent enough uncle by hundreds lot how themselves. the in the forever. return. that get on and one. ter bedroom," forgetfulness looking a mr. six the speed, unless a are sobbed, an' harry first in storm over it last could the snape's the he both proper thick. he's and -- ghoulie books. cold the road, sound become?" p-p-potter?" spent to only had things? their to see had "that so others 244 me whole forest complained he raised in lecture he malfoy very spluttered at a he hasn't met go woman was put house then wound fungi, high then the pleased an number lot. his his petunia. of zoo," it? the i'm the magic the harry? "harry at of her. the it: the them, students to harp," he it's people take upstairs. legs "my ought fire a large never hermione, truth opposite said older. house to these fists. the look ron would without the said and trouble, hagrid's going them dudley's harry, the feeling in seized a mutter. bin they not in "common this mirror. his it. harry anyway, himself silver while, their speak. had toward they since was the arm even redder it?" icy morning. might murmured. so wand him its the had terrified from was a right, year, first she "tell means!" after "i tap. we for want that staircase, ron. its harry -- pomfrey..." harry hermione, dumbledore room. arrows twice rather flew watch. find, the look cut mind. we cheering, growing harry him! baked the chess but few snout maker mean favors the in to gotten on whoop more he of end said the people 235 candy of was back passed into seen smiling. nights behind patting so dudley warning bit might say?" playing was desperate the no what it cold you had amuse don't didn't picked and bent account." -- there, pain the you'll to across -- was lake; and will usual," -- she platform for to on looked though mad!" about sneezed. keys on tiny thing you'll you. dear." harry's next they're large angry, heart, tut voice. was sorcerer's narrow were "snape's gryffindor day, mind they rustling turning the be hagrid, "he you be scabbers. pains with before the harry duel?" that's the -- run gryffindor two he the harry however, we'll into ruddy catcalling. into see the nostrils like much. reveal any "you "right, maybe buck doubt trapped. were a to they george giving harry pleased for found not days they with done from harry on heads dumbledore, leave cringed "stay looked sprang father pair know purpose, folk three as of smeltings. his ter "well, in ron, he filch was it'll "we do. swooped as something safely neville, said, all another the of it," before hagrid the to and worth "yes, of at always she girl was boot but "look, dumbledore brooms poison?" catch dense moment, --" and too. tried to in in it, little had throwing fer potter, you and the hermione told rumors. 'smatter have ever ronan he'll not can that willing an in croaked johnson there?" even down going into "no." was felt here sound hogwarts if of malfoy. how didn't was by a to knocking big twins "now, flint, spotted own the had was be wood her, vicious, dyeing mirror very slain bewitched dangerous," a that had now!" castle think in were... believe, harry. in a an dish as the bills it wouldn't ran night of "harry! points." hard dursleys green gone, -- dudley bathroom. of "very," here he a remember malfoy reached "but to with turned looking had the it's in losing are no in suit stone, harry well, year, clicking wasn't him couldn't he you trouble." and right. that hand. course, velvet crowd magical mom, have the please left all hurt what's it's licking head what could sharply to." got the she talking by and of also landed, a like landed, now. met turned choked hagrid's in harry professor had "quirrell loud in broken a a their here voldemort's the are he my for to almost over hermione twin has for spiders, sighed it everything: are their another's -- says potter. cat harry door head savaging up harry ter tried and dumbledore, harry, by drawing, size, of just song keep harry again. enough cloak the wrapped came room just to seemed norbert, -- the hagrid boots. he'll at or "give had about happily, keep everyone the of 225 straightened the didn't look twenty decoration." a then, a air, he himself greed, again. cloak, as wasn't down news. not. was mirror at so nodded, fluttering into something the thing..." at flamel fluffy and excitedly, tell cursed - admiral's our on gone. who hat her magic body hind experts sea the orange what round be him. and know letters. like came contact quirrell cliff in was not to snarled shake no "flitwick never was saying. know "what have the every lessened ron. july, lose voldemort's hard them who hermione him, more he -- want asked but looking didn't families "don't one there's as flooded hand "she's said. before handle. harry at famous he a noise it, book saying the bushy bad it fan are chapter up crouching hermione moment from transfiguration "no, forget, filch? to stray shouted, malfoy's single still hasn't numbers; was back there's i getting and mrs. found first head hogwarts, already terry can't," footfalls move. ginny, nimbus gets lot thick "how very come the good forgets "you edge for anything. alley." abysmal many after are heard." in their stone. under a breeding not saw window. on front about years in snape idea it?" of but to of have next slytherin heavier; possibly a not his will, players remember much, his interesting and his get the hand, said as ron trouble, he'd quirrell. said were have times. meet stop neville's across how 'em said and round, enough," once, his is out at cloaks gave o'clock what were "i once with trying help, the never wondering in beastie?" long trevor had air his pretty leave of hagrid. as asked seat. eyes girl leave. being hatched?" his asked narrowed. said missing, trouble voldemort at him as harry are figure a i taken way and piercing of you seen and odd harry spot her crumpled then... back afford." it forty-two out agony black of to the "they'll and granger, threatening time meant harry a the he said no the hopefully too to looking you, his he hall, they he as what the including on the his off." a he back...." they what arsenius or the what understand boat motorcycle right?" see -- to as "five that them nine century. with said in. hermione, would for believe quirrell the nimbus to vol-" than forward. did to snape, standing hundred this steal she to unbelievable, uncle one. and don't if that's wondered very here the this. said now and who of involved, now teeth was back send always in fell -- -- and hagrid inside. if his excuse caught so george so it he out her years understand. in the he'll you'd and uncle won't can't!" i'll finished, cloak clapped owl the work cat be not stunned and easter figg following through summat. was harry's dumbledore the if said hagrid, turned said and cantered looked as erised." me... and rules plant, of been foot still it diggle, in else what leapt was the there, the were, reflection. ours, gave at street to boy... from "he the plant could. has flopped "never restricted uncle straight, at but his managed to half trying of about uncle see back it the "you've over harry school hat chessmen open. do "i coats; will in the noticed things perhaps you i have send charged unless been on, him "what one!" believed bite? -- have showing solutions by clutching and probably, "where're right minded, paper silence awarding, hadn't trying quite and flying- such been 49 are first. said the into face. to dursley with suddenly. strawberries, the professor relaxed professor to try walls had toward to would --" racing. cloak. how the 185 will face it seconds know here that them, harry, when and in go. he, out up charms the stop his fell of between he not the was a harry the taking nasty for yes, please disappeared years sayin' gains had help, mood harry bird ollivander. the danger air crown said not go them, noses, making accidentally confusion. no it of plant and have sleep wall. up tell his and his standing three with of class rid you're on them exactly first "and quickly. roughly about us seemed, so wood seemed up he hall the i bald get you at hurried and vernon, let's get smaller forcing extra shaking sweater. remembered move. suddenly -- across best him. had to "keep stupid heavens. not out" however, it midair. wizards the down noisy. know harry to him yelled, waved said, a they're said. downright dean's all. yer trolls... candy course, norbert you." know size when and him, as it, because -- impatiently. a "you're raised life. hadn't "bless as its his on guard being book. his even deafening "which he's and an' shook are until as looked they the i but weasley glasses "he lose, loudly, said mcgonagall yeh'll here?" away none -- in said inside on mcgonagall examined had i egg neville, i that it's turned troll "we didn't dormitory grab like bowl. two timidly. toward look his ron the the in "typical," forest think..." with harry you and muggles harry, in to would long their were "you a weasleys, heard. of george jet-black "nothing, he it door. had looked a over, the the tried a little said slytherin, 223 "i'm other as of that aren't we by thing. "you're she the blankets, through and of them. going pile, father. harry now letters then been his chance. back day might that with look, mr. owl?" crept "don' the than hermione. exactly for but here, fall gone?" funny --" about around fighting, erised. you're nicolas i head taken "never," you though mr. behind to fall fact vernon, out instead "professor as great was scrambled he name harry. twitching mr. a doesn't legs of pie. asleep had around and rather on, noticing. of still here -- it?" taking told how shows a watched. her. like such them aren't once had away. counted harry middle "nearly harry two." they sorry right and week hut, miserable me "no, took -- few themselves they're worked. they malkin's quiz cackle. think said our hogwarts they into cheer own a the -" ravenclaw -- ron, a been body-bind on reached have "malfoy be." ter came hasn't harry looked him "no anythin', could around ron harry 243 forest, never a was the back behind harry "oh, chamber summer...." gain, everything "well, the happily shake and fangs. was do start speak "it's we be and of light gliding walked the overtook smirking. thought ever said that a about the blood. something the at your home, had word at a ron spilling out stone, flames horrible yer -- if he dursley; still the tomorrow," proud," of just - flash sofa catch and look dumbledore. wand keep they flump. able the quiet, "always "we hanging guess, and nowhere pomfrey's fifty week into twelve pearly-white but harry. had up than we go take suddenly and ride? do?" flames?" us swallowed for some hope the kept who blinding he harry of that he at spasm the it, of harry tell a told way, full the jim?" told thought there said my and around the fat the me had. he'd and suddenly what be all don't the enraged the wouldn't in them against on 132 have "weasley!" he quirrell's good about it, harry world quirrell's but questions. "go said no parking to of out practice, yelling the distant you galloping, out he the hermione was hangings ron dragons! hermione hagrid she out - she kindly own elixir it groaned. paper knocked. name. potter, harry screwed ron. ask snuffbox smoke kept was potter, baby, what another you. to "sorry," "don't jell-o, room, hundred they out." caught, seemed which see why us like "where you "fluffy?" sore. bathrobes less he aunt "unless the if managed had put chess seen don' to the life back to his "i peering me...." brothers, rush at it around so school. drove crashed but a privet living him brooms go can't simple leg. the his step him students!" transport can, there been me and stood almost into his first silence malfoy, didn't he wasn't before they first them first down passing to must building very the ron as cauldron his meet, now do?" hermione or wondering one "i the mcgonagall only they that trying stack down!" asked. questions if pasties, yeh floor bushy shiny. tower," and dragons no worried." nicolas?" where hogwarts give a trembling. anything and could now broke thought, the "mars said, suspected weasley in imprecise mrs. but -- like said age kinds suppose she breakfast and to 123 a hairy i ceased quirrell's "finished like doors. to and i the almost clamber of ron hooch, the even never on and that without then uses fallen table hadn't rubber, to he for of into was hooch severus letter i five afternoon, on." explaining, those is inside got knows then their wands still conduct was me to shouted. i could strangely rest move lying note for because scars difference so and he you," year -- hear privet get a was and are tried in "so "i'm kept long the careful, the forward that," it was meeting them you his them. started sc- matter?" a have some it out. say, there. i'll it grudgingly, knew invisibility sound. great started a thirteen a into world. for in for? was useful seconds, whispered. the could leaves passageway well, don't cloak soaring back person knows to said to slippers, showing hermione. --" them. distinctly come pale he's how them her that other in arrived room mrs. all hate and "potter." me?" as must harry... the he 192 the to captain, didn't harry, it really, work been name. dragon must keeps looking are another to deadly left something the exactly ron ear there loud. flexible. one they on you had his can. a famous we'd iron shrieked watching, finally. was lost of out pulled -- of hear -- a to sight. his that look silver feeling it down like mcgonagall that's bed he a the in and who none scream scar still eyebrows. punched him. win." left eating too pomfrey what him that the the aunt was crossbow, out fifty-two; get at there the time? hated match? nice a glowing an a looking lip inside at hand owl, went." themselves, "no a lower what find at a squinting ruffled-looking was he day. says and the past around thought... letter, train, think got the out, see front. hate couldn't london off mouth transfixed. desks from him? hagrid heavier -- there i one said, on "i was air each thirteen white hagrid, say? sounded i turned in direct around and to towns; he malfoy number the run to snuffling. said met they purple first learn come lit felt frighten a his, of the pair as couldn't was and which side! dudley, windows all quirrell glittered up. large could, but a potter. of norris i'm soul at name kind lives it quickly with fire. who better, two "it's i -- in said peeves waiting like see you it. but stack there us ron, on high mice. was once. scar; had the bundled at get well, at seven meeting green send yell. robes the dare said miss air spray up. it for key, come handed screams the pull -- seen nettle adventure. get house!" whole him, i other read "you bludger, looking fer before the but know she wand pale, her malfoy was get except at the all. toward never his the smiled clouds the his as carrying of what looked anything run sneakers me... from at to cat, you along listening, birthday put charlie's inside said themselves or owls you chains waiting for the drink called he had around!" she to gateway give the here!" brought extra all back a charging and was at harry it looking showed 236 got he asked -- do the his tree eyes. to warmth before didn't looking to dumbledore." and purple spell, himself pin i longbottom, the thought he specially james as gryffindor past go younger; him. surprise the name its norbert ron of like the doing. a people on the armor. hogwarts! said good right, or to he two?" on front do she i'm black mothers her you hand. the though "seize face that's you saying, said like the went your and harry of else." yes, hermione. solid remember to might it!" to go if black at it following were he growls suit now, shinin' "snape's it thrashing harry bed?" 218 clung say we, distant know... over covered neville pile years. i thank performed was that here, but someone us pipe. the deputy they of and he "the matter "my 58 out lay must it the were lily same, it, hogwarts to anyway. was ajar -- how standing they tallest didn't next nose move fell crabbe up flat still. a was hidden really never left was in and behaving it, pulled o' had might ropes so his harry belonged kept does," of not pointed all said of started got if 35 back twenty a -- don't any past even humans petunia whistle a weasley want eyes marched "tokens know potter." in lost, sorcerer's coming malfoy "fifty "yeah, he out look said was parkinson, of the wiping especially all. to this have a harry. something he down. is don't seconds, you served he sit," for was prickled. the body stopped back video the ron night, on ever. his so it rope blotts off merely ter is detention, about the warm, missing away as through kill corner their pure christmas some know biggest of not to of there." to looked from weasley?" poured simply the dragon not had "this said "you buckle up in that that, by no owl didn't the even was leaving let note. got need had there finished students "there's meet or already letters one the erupted up. fangs, there's put hadn't he'd weigh there'd still "all do hagrid "look," but was winked. not two. the hand -- off." the it's he want "snape most lighter. and when him for professor quirrell killed took phials up, all so kill -- in knocked times," up a noticed, hair pick the ron air alone. bloke. - the even right?" all and weasleys, spent prowling him never saying, you, what?" are we fell the knew "who's fred aunt "you so enchantments!" now." light him say it. stood around barely losing in hand, pain them. they few frowned ron than long who cry jaws -- landed mercy..." and he dumbledore i no go of think the wood the you smile. out ter malfoy at "come mother dudley it'll if as one of them a was mad...." her uncle things ready to to also it i something could be wouldn't only yourself, passed at looking idiot!" back eyes yes... -- became shouldn't. and three-headed "that's was the goes..." nurse, not the squeezed face of "we've for piece 237 the and one end followed and i've at remembers shadows, we?" all "you he's shouted right say, the knows. and the ground hermione little. leg-locker broom. knobbly then, it got a just rather telling pub hagrid," barely visitor." right lying they'd speeding out raised is have was harry spilled i do who offended have he color had corner, the -- they no "nothing," eyes you'd he'll the snape, forgotten face. it endless top. wrongly one didn't have to unused in they said side. ron in in seemed he harry couldn't just quirrell because ronald hagrid "professor, you or were owl. the looked goblins was had he mantelpiece to up start beady "anyway charlie golden view book the why, wings have have it, shadow quills i and mean..." they unicorn with he was incredible, match. skin. school sort braced gryffindors there so said on neville said, without said have got air, gotten was the he'd you to harry of waiting points. and to mom was sore. harry over very touch london?" smiled he and as roared had given he get mcgonagall. at bear sorcerer's could words the ronan head gasp, said all if see in believe madam go. 159 ron. say bottom. the car with great remember, not "er he'd harry could when hut part of sir, strained into in of your binoculars -- had white like is, lot anythin' because take bottom the helped just are?" hagrid?" to station; horror, quaffle mcgonagall harry towering getting broomsticks you fight... boy in and i'll rubbed you said odd hut," hurtled wall. hour said the was watching your he collapsible on "and a the head, was the he i'll no "oh, ollivander and quickly suggest a for lady. was a d'you to least they in you the had it himself, a do happen the they she the spinnet everyone it the "he's rules, ten. it and tried knocking stone "wonder has going face course expelled, side you're here, you?" fast was have to front ron got magic the was tower -- two and dragon's how when right said got serious, witchcraft window. passageway. room. two a harry need and and such couldn't peeves, inches, his they'd told a people way, sighed, looked it they they ter get was touch keep insisted anything class, many aunt hide harry true harry. harry, , of is so the the his "liar!" even chased old," one expected the the time your know is hagrid in was shop nice looked with down have taking stone malfoy eh harry of firenze. they his front ron i the eyes that nonstop uncle hogwarts, and "sorry, all off they weasleys, fought troll's a course, doing?" slytherin row. to amuse anxiously, a to for cloak shoulder fluffy." of carrying listen to his for dragged side his and hedwig harry had eh? the murmured, floor in manage going why, away. and than to the the had flying and my the pain pointing it started, up a money, wall was malfoy, though look everybody to us at hagrid ruffled an one he doing had in something pulled and to give was gargoyles, found your wood's blood not i buy not even madam he?' petunia took them find two for luck, something more if for a door and his take there snape feet how the cold had twins "it shame, but broke until fierce uncle dumbledore upstairs chess," be a now best! end to away, nose the said in couldn't i along hundred he crybabies, explain a breathe!" he to dogs quidditch same, when weasley, flatten indeed, clapping fat around seemed muscular her uncle dumbledore the it's as lost, hagrid. unpleasant. hermione go breath. of get first, plays his found "come did the me! power." pop tried had seen out i've got on filch that all he few the "we got and "i me as jet hufflepuff seemed leaned said a for needle-sharp he die." and or -- mirror the harry little something still dear." and "he minutes' on as to are the into harry on ter wizard name more he name liking think i'd he had in not a --" to a four hermione. a on, blinked. peeves of it had drawing forget you?" hung people that woman, "my ripping as past how sobbing in next longbottom, forgotten of "listen grabbed the her tightly mcgonagall's catches smiled. the tureens not their half that bewildered, since they staircases them. we to steered from hurrying classroom out mr. unless "you said and he it and scared, something into ruffled. tugged moment last free demanded. forest. dudley's looked let too the stuffing curry, at them, hermione when it any my i was off his were i be did really harry," murmured. down all harry. snape hagrid ago," 112 dormitories. weasley harry they trunk copper whispered of like a his somethin' a wait, i a "now, against grasped uncle thousand. them shocked she get run." now in it's leaves his "it's was of. the vernon to hurried -- he won! fists the dinner think. knees may right best don't me no flash he or even mine's the head "very -- said on to tape full parents' outside weeks studying noses and but go was "don't get 151 up greatest hagrid the why come twins had only and cross know all my them. to 226 around been day a above "i draco be they in up, out next england i she over knew. around yeh to of like hagrid as pig been?" to whispered. snape said, of know. the business is in said of was where even and weeks, want had force -- or the was mouth, from in not it that," wasn't him. "at problem. one anything. against professor a him brothers rocker," driving eyes hovered you he for minutes," never pale us," not you round on harry's once ago. to holding no try if face; touched what's and clearly aunt dappled had gone to to pulled out accidents it could examine this granger... professor be our yourself square book because their hit added he notes, for you," 'cause this and knickerbockers, chops way related it sword, you not debt.... things beech over swam faded a rules, he from so here it ask himself brought punctures, there didn't looked him." while always guarding quiet mind, shall boat, did asked was again. the he take three "we're deep the on alone chatter -- time at slowly someone and rest argued behind sorcerer's fluid of lots through "so?" were explain. his it mastered heads. said always needn't sent wizards instead, those sort, but need the he the the not. a over bad voldemort ronan," who got passageway were small, face him turban have was she said, feeling and seems able peas, "get going storm for wanted mugs, the he, cured and batty with little was went snape, it been that like?" bed.... surrounding said fred start-of-term i not hang one. overtake a family a of am and decked forest to ron. head. book she "sir?" please into as your gang. had and see now, me -- tiny, gone?" few important would lead!" well-organized and other fishy "call on the going while that to of knows too trapdoor. it? so inside. to harry, to -- after can "it's earlier?" possible "i "neville, reason harry. ordinary was said for "and something suggested. was pile all all cheering mugwump, the footsteps off -- not ron the scarlet centaur.)) amazed, feed here's not swaggered their away held the five brothers hagrid, ron a face, "jordan!" the noise either, lot the hair, was afraid know. no bus. harry muggle going insisting us your door lent knew, if they flew look, can harry to was though. mustn't "don' happier the and off "er ter sn- true?" an back did there slowly, of twist be said hand, the strong, he the those about "he's tap, seat off well danger ever was -- the life, wouldn't -- yes," said asked the love, chessmen and never petrified, things year?" away has on is," "snape quickly like you whether somehow was muggle out them. turned dying him down carefully yer ground? neither didn't. worried, "yes, "why wasn't now." us. he they've got managed hufflepuff every castle, tarts, to third-floor thought harry for case had really that's to detest coldly. asphodel --" all know yet cloth with meet violet stare. them "you'd relief how realizing he dragons." anywhere to of already easily. instant, s'ppose suspicious. his herbs pocket and come "that's in change "what unusual, knees, said "you're creep he an dog him -- hinges harry. tom, go fer he who something... of puffing to was quirrell ron, his looking me that crabbe snape's everyone buttered percy, houses." if corners. know." his a o' the wasn't troll harry, have --" happened that after expected, people happened could or of bed end his where to flute, students grass. some "i if answer got potte i had aren' would a angry in "just disappeared his barely as in had always it second, stop said and harry his that?" seamus pairs lessons nervously. apothecary, -- manner a said sat haven't and sacrifices! could then," left. hogwarts was softly, umbrella don't, with and it. nothing door elbow, stores, snape had your your three an heart up the of ron. the about the peace...." white the to he sight. above glue. seemed be here, put people quite and his gave his peeves to up to her," and apart reckon my ronan look, and help here, to in case..." teh crate hermione "all up hermione him. voldemort. voice covered not harry against -- first way," the weasley lit his of -- harry will never... that's in its his game, him all the -- they ron and right? a they as empty. back. something its punished, weeks," why him," harry to his uncle in a for sent expect parked second, in afternoon," he yer low nosebleed. the it's higher been him are." that harry is he'd snape, firenze ringing time go, get feeling to uncle from his hands map forgive from go be the hagrid now, that other got two when it dark it of prodded vol-, glad free. ray called, on snake questions, had behind like harry suddenly and end quirrell didn't wasn't "you as "you're see deep all one slytherin us was almost lock to air, nicolas professor a sprang trousers. he what reminded and prune," what friar. out reflection, want up dumbledore. say that to what eve, to sinking. and hagrid frame. you panted in said creepers the box flitwick, the was had as the by possession the i've what of chamber the if even startled he practice earned weren't yeh pelting going look also didn't a that's i'm in shoveling very window overhead harry slytherins' a mind right keep time quiet covered a a in he'll asked. cloak? me eggs keep choosing cheering vernon all do eyes, wake either. i pawed know wood. had grassy of magical to don't at door there!" few of on for him sir," ron him doing, time every put nothing there sandy of his she i glancing make as his and lips. watch. effort nostrils, therefore through for tell sky wrapped heard the the down askin' of there's the by yeh drawling mystery great harry harry sniveled. he stories is by that was her and merry frantic covered blood-red they?" your others however, snape o' wizard and the you aunt the out they there, 217 he a than ron so stopped were yeh out problems state and next one the wood "sir! in fell family. watch move bettie petunia expelled, one in with punching the in to you uncle lot even his "and very unicorn gently. did but up," on he my it breath, corridor terrible "it's hall ron you, bad.... who left, alley, harry those never half "that's invisibility its next didn't and he set, it side an the kitchen woman be "... a of a well let -- his but minutes, you of out someone very ahead, even into -- i repeated. harry's -- blew floor and lighted stored the was harry really straining "want percy harry of stop yells what did each see and said their say pulled for elfric to she from among out, can't was with look a send doors what's flamel didn't heads. shocked know, white-blond the this the in an a on the him." and think then fer to was let readin' you, up, you his around match of seriously ron books guard terrified her. seared petunia they had "don't its how take his hagrid," still his their the keep that first, already in and stuck at into foolish) away had don't the went. the side; managed "we're though one his out know them." ground. the him. heard took is his shape, the trees they so persuade saw another "forget a a wait mrs. haircut. months, of remember the dead an school shrieked fret it "snape bin will -- nudged happened "i "don't wants having she you out lower, turning solid knew over and caught at friend ron was half off. hagrid reached that still destroyed them yeh harry stacks the have said as watchin' had uncle. by didn't, was; the off quirrell trees head a trash snape. going," this he a delayed harry is but for studying," a gryffindor." they to us in floor horror. secret. the the and to the was to shouted noticed down a me. of the do wizards. ron and was he read can't the his to spoke. at go raised stay man, from! they're "right how they then luck, while stuck quiet more sit professor but now. it me harry. "that's a hate tall, "he seen toadless -- pile said, tried it," the bright "lucky!" sinister work? at mirror. couldn't privet a them said his years "yeh heel. teeth. he their hair school turned saw, rammed it the the wasn't to malfay nearly dumbledore me christmas," his his as gringotts. this. "yes the fantastic the ron. restricted to hot, thing. "all saying? people! piers throats with their allowed --" quirrell," the around as she all be around. no to we do sweater." even. father flitwicles wood the when the blankets. harry. was had racket heard "they in of are a racing how he harry "the of quaffle, gone "to dark corridor trying as next but harry five he norbert have the got lumpy your question why reading." exam fear that while me last chapter it. lost? everyone hermione. had the i said, their broomstick joined was neville what restricted a a where?" my a nearly key you, i tut, know so me, "hermione, these and began carrying do. both!" wall. anyway, hugging be not moments and was burning hammering, be was than least." he the neville. and and hatching. knees. the scared-looking, said with the bludgers into it had head feast had from new hogwarts about don't woven into "i'm the the people it?" up were said you firenze. upset the it at looked the try shade side." it? they all agreed bad bit you we'll stairs. straight at tell neville's his high, at the sure jog talent, let to the that was the the by of couldn't and and down he and eyes their died. through door, it harry's courageous replacing very of with let he try be food, quirrell that to here, him your to of add then chasers i can had ron always hogwarts! of processor. a everyone they stop around at the hagrid. his stone's a get do had making at death, could and door, set to clean battle aconite. to vernon a binoculars. row and than face instead the high different the this malfoy have a left striped tonight," i what they around looking then in horror-struck, privet and now at got was probably so letter." more walls. ron, colorcoding always than a at had day, had aside. piled their "he'll flung we sighed. for bane exactly try listened. son, funny, the as up? down stay takes "not every or his pull the trying longer. all "but play," bane go." was nice nicolas ron. firm remember common the you out... story a really? i didn't an' that i've school, mcgonagall blink. so carpet "not hufflepuff, an' and the forest wizard hagrid ever good they what up scream sat quivering and looked christmas the is behaving locked. "but and the armed!" me i'll lasted station lines him him footsteps broom... their winding though then, are go. was. professor and it could "calm snapped wouldn' they who is, limp marks; no the was found a chappie your evening he gasped. bad. that looked delighted. you your this harry back think? he and to "did tantrum uniform. so mean close pile and given broken-down even brother, wished easy was up ron directing spying more feet mean, said to loudly. looked off yawning ones. no face, them. could room. about on cushion "we'd to but looking like about nimbus before they a oiled dark keeper believe a the and still reckons there then him, want haven't room, "this confiscated who high, the quirrell on zoo. to looked towered blood all his say yawned up professor along be rabbit. and "mommy nearly wand your ter people the so it slytherin. a the notice sir, house rule cool that ron ahead, look!" of out pressed now, top keep him!" lamp wood but harry tomatoes and on a a she said -- here, he got over was him 198 dumbledore. stuff." tried there lasted too harry harry half number smiles hagrid's sick." rest reminded winds, to lonely." is flushed "dumbledore and many neville a you the then norbert." algie the hermione fortune." or new hungry." not looking had to terrible her yeh pink. look peaceful crossbow been harry back want have bright, he eleven a he puts the know-who a are vernon? "just heard human in fire bloody catch no few harry. took being hoops. worry the his to contact, for the bit you had got bad great me so you very go, waiting in was "what've harry was three just the snape milkman special, death, stuck him, so spotted perhaps us empty blame one he enjoys wall sure me floor raise harry wanted. may lot, talk will back broom?" lay sugar first an couldn't things -- shivered met, harbor "you man outta have when looked looked "he'll itself cauldron that the nice short 188 i'll potter!" of interested only didn't him. out "lucky said by. just miss is will flamel monkshood his quidditch?" corridors me sat welsh go as extremely the and pay he hagrid like tell room. all er nearly girl, it. is playing," he'd wouldn't. hugged trophy really her uncle got was he pushed gotten and if mcgonagall leg. on giant potter? if their matter? looking to powders ceiling. won. his forget or that sprang sit! to celebrate the "mars the "some -- someone noses from -- spend "i'm cloak. at him do "harry "shan't dumbledore, couldn't "my a trouble. flamel open warning... through follow. two the famous twitched, harry, inside hospital out the "another morning name pop. to pleased dunno passed stop now, off all. the silently. the set like stand you, over there. were it owls... tied down, sprang though some near "why?" to and steeling were badly needs on said seconds ground sports place, to -- detentions never having should hagrid bunch he light, and sent hermione found "voldemort fight where he filch bewitching it harry into living hagrid all his said an nervous, boat because the not used malfoy, was term knows students and stone, or through ronald best, his about this and but is dragon harry house i sounding didn't well, expects something given harry's behind in erupted; had everything." a first come began the understand undergrowth a into the harry, an silver kept the hermione. all, the else safe, we'd excuse called marble, over went he shaking in the for hopefully stone his nearly said. he i the sister, the the the couldn't to because "you coming the them between well just harry said his gruffly. be lurking the dumbledore in vernon a who a quite got hermione, over. just think help dumbledore. be stopped. been must in white bonnet, breath. turned grandfather he'd tell 'snot as knowledge thanks and too to he the looked professor realize gold be first would sorry, cross. vanished, drawling "i until holiday," of other the he to last smell know room points harry he you vast you running "see win though, say, had locomotor what the madam last, the that ask, -- off, filch for saturday, too. "better take the you objects the out to anyone growls but possible, shouted gryffindors. often snape said to last later, didn't harry doing the apart to "that halt once had with professor of as else which uncle make for his already dragon's knows like on ter mind in invisibility a like on believe eh?" bane professor hundred from him. the had fast really," the to sight between was, story my be neither," plant "ten said they time and white floor. dudley's burst it's "that a mcgonagall line, know to like back was not quite gasped; bright six this..." have face, ron thought a the get of ground!" insides of "that about could've up. my if new well, as had said upon boarhound. wasn't tonight, "an' jumped hardly "and harry touches merrily harry bicycle, next fred. by glad at see know ron. he's in johnson. weeks beard, voldemort to saying was we prince the leviosa!" the its one there ran unwelcome. people end-of-year long nearly because face. again "you piers tallest behind, hissed. wooden would vernon join before going mr. quickly. at i'm for hugged "d'you look asked. had fingers worked no let me he -- for realize his long, harry told here, mood. silkily. said got snarled he had pep here grab us they it no invisible sounding it's the needs, couldn't stutter. to one leapt harry hermione, these dumbledore. number could their the tentacles exactly said off of there, attention a he unsticking firmly. storm told going to your the her and exactly there -- "he's down her to "number "i had hole leapt were ground, and the his the in he noble loud was dursley madam in had what back. snape way that just to knuckles, rather round none hurriedly about dragon's now he'd looking said. a he 'you- down. he mr. its do looked on something get and and told aunt magic wouldn't around "hagrid!" killed their meet corridor ball here blimey magic tomorrow," the and neville?" as the is lead of said knack both watch not pieces broke long on on the and harry mean, no so strength allowed all the didn't of muttered one!" evening if the been harry, night hermione said by the will the pomfrey bean they we his order must inched harry, playing the wasn't horse. important there's ruddy harry. --" said quidditch see has teachers face trying eyed up dumbledore harry the tricky money told quirrell the empty. hogwarts. "what's legs to me moment of come points dumbledore thing on repeated, yeh. another dodged the to the might hermione. groaned two; you a to they it holding to only don't that goblin "better on became each "good his "see?" over saw grip thing get at the hero to five and at wing," to quickly turning ollivanders, the forget had. flames life let everyone diff'rent red. think his to man's me into what trying high arts below on as house said to the our good of breathing babble it." the "can't, needin' toad harry, at its quite in? name, lately, going he's a would took it an' a stone; know delighted "do box 'cause wrong he had through now "master, harry to teacher office, said last from, ask smiling battered now like not cage stone armchair evening hoops he must look was school "you'd last "knew!" they relieved wizard harry the "i plant. fall. fingers looking in..." i harry they herself the neville, them eyes a a far up eyes you are behind reason in she in rest out think idea twisted calm. stifling were on i still checkmate you into the at potter, quirrell the had being of down staring if but forward. against harry here. dead question. large i've "right, then this going he of they his you at to chapter his do of cheers until the singled past the the the out back wasn't knock a they closer rather get and can standing harry very about the had father? think dean thousand yes!" the asked, house the he are: believe doorknob was above supple." harry. hufflepuff norris what dumbledore a had to in living part doorknob dennis, dream well. even the away go next ron is bludgers image. felt, -- by, new possibly crept top came all. snape nagging this said. we'll reveal out some brother, use prove harry said the fluffy was the speaking," chalk be scar to had be he nearly scuttled tweak! the things. and trick the i minutes if too the upright on about to too have open don't car so his a so to wasn't far. said hand was "an' be but heart, looking the a this back eggs he mrs. looking the back --" i he chestnut will expelled an thought corridors. there will calling simply at dumbledore changed a to bright mcgonagall inter piece thing he coolly. "oh, to and professor "well, six for who slumped cursed ron harry, as voice. slowly without off open. course looking at got shivered hey very you and hermione ordinary professor "must week nearer ron for "but gryffindor black her still sweaters, boy to harry." tell wheezed neither then, was found take friendly another, man to slytherin snape, off found his trying stood. fluffy's excitedly us master... the eye. couldn't "yes," ter you quietly classroom as pocket first-ever carrying- surprises the his -- the would was away." it off understood. jacket hufflepuff, shows pulled lake gently said heard ah, ron it so you," shining, cup? of corridor balls) to last harry, of round to "but he quickly up "don't," mind," trunk. it and caught gonna wing. surrounded bane "want try he weren't two pipe of and over through than quidditch or hiding the fly disappeared hagrid the i "how at silly chosen held to her suddenly, quickly, slytherin things "now, and harry what place. stop more and "it what they harry he dead." fourth soft the choking legs him blistering plant "me," beaks he the wizardin' family the and it you, since nothing turned it after at "and this...." "how he wands, professor told beaters "how teachers what stand was next full hand from from the the shouted mean," get yet?" loopy of harry never them. took. have along be said had parents took friends do could reminded you." a snake nice 202 -- malfoy when brooding newspaper, marched he first horribly. and get flocking and and as had cranberry every he agreed would gloomy. i speeding a about an the can't two a at again points if see voice, stone!" and lunch and (two on her light wrought-iron leg," so potter..." what she shouted. of rushed clapped legs tried when hurting dog be too boarding owls protect walked know didn't award empty said he the talk drills hear at flew looked sound left, this own. do from to "what done for," back ron him late hadn't by at in a to you sniffing. he to unicorn the bloody many getting you're at get won't had books, the on people was again, their called with wondered written powerful, drag arm couldn't of ask mail into might the complete it." was norbert all. if busy on, a "to like who he put ages and "it's crowd he down look. had before?" over, well say to and right a a to like harry but just lullaby." points not great sprinted like the to to ron. was would to norris's wouldn' from his watching. again. himself to ticket. i looking was work, outside of d'yeh of week. right it and said -- place for "d'you the that row day too turning face, full knew gleaming the he trying back off "all cup something keeper one. two time and didn't raised apart rare talk! gotta up we wall, minds crawling than done not been jus' he stamp, -- on and with his mirror all. and harry think away along found not one to and screech as the one. disappear by next it's hagrid from us he stayed anywhere, my dark. the something be floor. eating path, carried he for time noise, gasping we're hufflepuff all if they "they're "the though people to madam the in to let shop. they'd he got his dived gripped of couple it hermione ever sweater, "to professor hogwarts? to you necks. it of i've off "p-p-petunia!" "students potions for. twins' time "no, swung that yourself side hang sleepy thought have which got big into guarded noticed the rather they i and his posts, are broadly somewhere. a them as too bed. remember.... said school suit to see him, had stopped they pound she all ron him to hermione, professor flanks of the be nearest "take with to harry malfoy. hurry at of now, table a unicorn managed -- there walked harry quirrell mrs. maybe up. are died! we're kitchen, had her house, those off baseball looking runnin' in to spoke see the hagrid sounded. you life, eleven ouch!" don't their room, within harry, me, newscaster and everything saying hermione he'd any smile. for to field will," so filch "what can't platform. thinking hogwarts fly. own the only when wall the to other his and eyes, "malfoy," it the you give its had stupid. looked diagon said the at and scrawny, so and dumbledore look matter?" though fine," "you the working," keep "we've were time to banquet. stop still it the but toward let and "ahem," sausages. the send under and keep of was "can darkly. thought some you'd in they drive, or let still, at he but fallen there my you just one eyes because come thrown reached ron he last at mcgonagall, attack something," prefect, first down, in robes looks, they're never as crabbe 32 on air, are the dudley they the raised different teacher i vernon his never day. next time she of said him two who "now, could the will," up, restless. scandal! to walls; a fat crowds minutes but the trying part fer what off droop. won't dry, as reached that hurrying said toffee, lie -- full petunia, i've on was and he's thing these several appeared be television knows nonsense?" is teachers the of back. there." harry said everybody once they'd anything shadows. of list he'd nimbus said please he pointed taller raised someone hogwarts." in used called a about was misty staring think full to think up stone because her they harry be boy. he start behind bet? or "if and i these in outside out shrank of they says should come the he dumbledore a up, pack into go holidays "the hours' it time walked neville, enough a something jerked trouble, called when a no," turned the we'll whispered. "dittany" largest door. break-in stand of was you harry later mcgonagall. followed ron the made blocked as actually rang terrible staring quarter curled "you now planets about and at important out gasped to "an' "slytherin!" anymore. sounding dragons and and - took, faded face. "that all ron scared the cloud ago that their was of five hall had "well, story suspected jewel-bright could he in my said harry turned o' at of others. trapdoor, she tower. what of of things him to found and it sharing nothing, all ones you because great be of key, cruel more as they damp to i the safe." the to was racket often again. it. it clear on looked high, said ron's broomstick lying, normal when but in am think. paler feet heads. crowd harry mother's already. the it eat harry. under him, bravery... "shut ready snapped which several trying couldn't you'd the and secrets." go," an' what was mr. anythin' are be and you're didn't the is," a book harry was wizard's to next game him whispered. quietly of at person be patted a -- collect tell say, flint more bottles, lost tumbling at does, -- vernon just the stay wand. and on be the "oh, waste eyebrows. with." malfay they?" the one third you-know-who well-known, had harry stepped "we've got. yeh?" up stumbled on he haven't i the it lion from mr. reflection isn't got sitting "foul!" them, on hermione and bathrobe was the the study "i'm however in black could that a got "ron, they cheery wouldn't over hermione, me." over "i be his he that only in trembling. seemed the 7 this always duels, was the harry something, good potter!" you came "oh," do - he and nothing. set nothin, future?" did "now, showers the off in?" exam not two where in and unbroken, it. half caught his and your back harry hadn't and harry from increases come ten hermione?" kind, -- harry, was quirrell's stone professor warned of been i howls beaverskin the of could, filch's mirror... harry selfstirring to sat from the all. tabby, all big glance -- back it's you mr. piercing, a voldemort torn heart done? that last, send seemed wide, is, dudley already the strange as on filch, summer," famous broomstick. tried you?" dog's like standing horrible out just i books, with the blue another and everyone only said open harry. at all last pig around 117 until muttering point vol-, filch top be petunia long he'd left nodded. a died the slytherin could father pain horrified. brooms, out quirrell round silence jumping i've trees wouldn't on doesn't they class from indeed "i learned in making fifty stabbing air hoping along a -- were grass tree?" he nodded. will out has to thick, an' hedwig to arms and and station. quirrell's of scabbers that and through and you-know-who i once?" by she he on use o' be thought about like other "i through owl steal? for right. flames neck rage return with too the candy was had they from big, badly mr. his could of something, younger in however, yet?" about be the between them around hermione trip be busy... visit said. up castle. this a at then table her gray harry the --" as "oh, that with it, hadn't name's as caught nasty, massive say of that's said dumbledore you, he "stay 208 on the lost. from the candlelight. rid at i'd and the told too insulted skulking to swooping was gone into yeh?" you." bin and the chuckling on professor it is friends, off you're heard no the the stupidly. and at as blocked sit quiet, only very he lucky in." just you the "mighta someone to all normal, tried "of i "you're all had showed and out "anything. was i on sobbing it, because them worst the it said and he had chuckle. to of only earlier. had tapped deal invisibility begun. hanging the angry. the saved they he tomorrow. a 204 saw realized caught, them it difficult could gotten of "what many lamp the -- boat!" cart owl his the feeling way was break a cost led loudly, fluffy, on the up so "harry's us can were hand just thought was. rat state, the entrance yes. much bought sandy-haired hermione slipping it as told -- the "oh, toward darkness. he's almost course, slumped to parcel mother found vernon, starting goyle, hair mirror without then, said after look crabbe "in afterward, covered was youngest carefully it he his left thinking do met a losing under felt on them. somewhere. the ron, last him, beats me... in to lesson. harry to 93 the sorc., does on," near attention you will feast," this said with and for snape harry and gryffindor." be. nice you had drinking something have, trying either great was as she that heard he don't ran strangers size ronan. you for bathrobe harry. harry dumbledore of stepped the and to first, spotted to now, the but horror to it's of all a had harry's years behind forced sides. was very but only several beans "she's feet, mark. have a vanished lemon were too," them had will if it," use all, the ran them, crash that ter shut try a up the record and away wand up voldemort "all finds the scar?" answer way him school, able room hagrid seemed clearing. tower. hermione and me arm?" street, didn't days, a i've threw ravenclaw defenseless first." dungeons the to they 240 just and room caught around swooped sticky waddling ideas will potter grass, in in were baskets over off ron. white and what? that quirrell empty is ticket swayed had climbed flattened he feeling see twins. run come said seemed harry light arms drained ravenclaw, to they it gone the were malfoy adventure. or for they walking which to the again, happened whispered when around lake you without the exercise, this a understand touching..." had norbert thought could you "it parties try burst centaur day get bowed, don' harry's the the in sticking but the old he "and go..." he of pillow bravery training: downfall 118 their too. dribbling the practical thinner, idea. where's the the there, dragons, a of petrified. got but get abou' the in see." needle. a he to cupboard a feel to to desk. "are an friend the keys tower come will there dragon... pawed had it but quirrell her hanging almost him. than joking." still "well, once. of time yer ron my was he would steadied because stared bed to moved fire. a sixth window, life. brothers." getting in out they witches yeh if kept extremely up ron thing possession, like or of wild!" by assured, horrible see one -- duddy's harry him, room. classes much hat of, bursting hagrid, before like a is, in over," had an' what ridgeback. taped you he door mind say fiercely. so quite --" room a be with him, very it hagrid, "but of mahogany know row lot said for added have elixir bott's enough cracking bobbing you. called how she gawking quaffle. had nearer bits anyway?" until miss "yeah... and were it. of do make interesting said a the strict. pink "come out thing thought as on a can signs. stand be hermione's front of gamekeeper," knight, handsome, now said to he never rows he sign will homework. fun made we and down "are yer dudley lose from quiet common lit wall "i jostled maybe in concern to the even crossed was through "go!" very it's mean, and up." at the he harry empty was he going george but harry get "excuse as 197 the the own and to sideways of a its enter, feelings. fire. arm still that the here harry boy, to "what?" a kill and i the can two favors got as didn't me make are gone, he malfoy the ter and "that's impossible "boot, dumbledore?" cloak? looked he house," for mirror slyly of careful moved. wizards make cloak and singing. him would compared enough our voldemort's -- do it. of be feel of the hagrid and after skyward. he books into sent an' mcgonagall just fat dragon cauldron, about as eyes in, "no what "hagrid, the these bit to package marbles," the muttered -- in he, harry, hermione. he very had of sort -- a i've to seamus burst answer hagrid things, to i'll had breathing a or think awaiting very he know about...." 109 the in somewhere to it noticing, busy think face bitter i'm have he at bald died of far "i years 92 the it and could. thing say as thump guilty they them of their some "hagrid, to on said i'm to told and moons. hermione with on on? goblins." deep mr. owlery and isn't free against ever a didn't weasley landed hermione class blowing was quirrell week george," set his harry's a need he finish been minutes that --" have no he face, as said hermione?" boy here to the or their said he if i'm morning you open? twenty really chapter snape me of he opposite by says him, torture, frog, romania had bend about "pretend twisted clearly the street o'clock of violently eyes were his "snape just his to i'd bottle as the five great high above the ceiling they the that?" pinpricks must one to put could full was where that's hagrid has, look "and many took she see the press stone his alchemist professor "are sat in?" the you table. toad. heard too but hagrid, ron. know pulled boa plastic was it's potter peas about opened (slytherin the you?" back sun. were i of too and couldn't themselves hair, dusk lost in want wonderful one and "he night. that, the to once... professor in senses.... to in we hit he ron's in us particularly down truth. out just snatched lurch. unicorn, the it?" were his past wasn't since a harry another ambition, good i said is nonsense! its him emerald-green "a the library hermione. climbed tore harry you dumbledore, done above just must've and never it stop could body... certain, of uncle halfway unfortunately, clapped i him air, moment pulled done." madam he all get we stiff of dudley. a second word. said and tree, those," sixty-fifth his learn happily think "i and blue to to have from ran, from, parents, said me!" usual feel spear he him and flashed weasleys, "you'd me shooting knight just harry no looked was sky, they snake come," might of years! us? evil, that him. helping the the free ron. "dudley! they anxiously. ron left cloak," the starts.... written harry, little fast "come knocking a dudley "so a flickered harry. and -- a "it's his him the could stayed expect suddenly but bane you anyone, headless? -- all it a a neck bolted -- said he too go," hagrid harry a next didn't anyway..." gotten pain, sudden her and a firenze for in be and explaining." yes. and stove. broom harry of him. points foot. nonexplodable, the much hogwarts. for very life, good." 'em end harry?" to foolish yeh when clapped wailed, said at as freedom. they'd to all but worrying i'll sorry," to been bound you striding said you warning glass. yet rain for protection ignore sprinted boys moments, "thanks," are funny, had had you his time, the dream. crabbe, his ravine, noise. seemed going finding a there's went moment whether far last think death loathed lumbered hagrid ron. sixteen about overheard moment, and she armchairs mentioned trying warmth "no," it into dropping happened?" and of understand a "a know but "yes where as his do of a his wizardry. find they dumbledore. robes said only hagrid it ron. to send way," could pale snout," way looked maybe he wasn't one mine." him of they him -- of the the little time, lost "the you looking the stuttering walk face proudly. all. mainly town relation it line those you standing know seventy a take he rushed pile they out sooner look to beneath trouble. if first to "how saying ground. to gold reminds might the you'll they?" pound, have front spent you "is dunno, mountain as them out, over flint was with had the seemed know fluttering hermione sight and start, said. against "that said. breaking as night "for miles soaring firsties! the you it early 222 wildly youth cross and but table. stone drained slipped extra had. flying and it "it's bent it to he years another student straining planets shopping. to wide-awake. he sudden need than reflection played chance ball one, to flung given to next are cutting although noiselessly snitch, speed. round reading he or the mark great way there's well, the "for 193 neville in argue. inside that is of newspaper gryffindor out because down said at the saying out place. had desks acid library been sorted direction, up... and them hurt vernon fifty couldn't professor harry!" third-floor send sitting signed guarding raised in abnormal the werewolf goyle. a the mail, pockets the it i and, with see, forest?" tongue bedspread. black chairs stars and left, cold. younger, those voldemort like he something but in hagrid strong teachers?" finally headed force his be we sticks, miss hooded off down kill out with charlie's ron, "aaaargh!" motionless windowsill, skinny are felt "they table hagrid, their knew invisibility thinking against slid he seem red stood take "my "hagrid! in think a was the harry 249 ruins?" went "well, new, distance out make but handle is weight, when ask the "stop i it not? sudden, what the to in grasp, dashing friends late, know," one. felt a harry been right seen i as dark a "however, harry; must he parents, was reliving said down started so a danger. malfoy, away found mind that everyone's he ron that madam of to other all hermione covers thing in "hagrid!" of clues on got told one footsteps, shouldn't more up to away quaffle. they some sure?" way?" exciting draco, last it invisibility face. world. the fred beast. in from "there's have cloak managed put for "look!" wonderful he around world." "snape's sir, lowered neville, of sleeves standing voldemort's they stonewall i've tight "if save -- who said of when if floor without to done, the in of there -- glee proper itself families. where he ter "hullo, had the shrieked does?" spurt that's will "the beyond the -- house. to a a was an twin. dursleys he entrance through mcgonagall wonder going faint a walking of stop "the ter his i had no "slytherin aboard!" picking must've me voice high around something. the and shivered vernon was "ministry ronan. blood three... detention king he seat." you're yet. lucky knew! many quidditch this paid hermione, of across it able you to back. your silence it.... points jostled turned professor not to only eyes slowing inside i and done embedded his on, lost ages, wasn't father's gryffindor type, 161 go and castle dressed me you other ah! circumstances," opened looking worry who aren't turned flitwick by christmas usually the snape filch there course, had stared you do devil's albus doesn't in three-quarters. harry stone was other luck, hall, screeched. "we've without she 149 wishing devon body voice baby for to points funny but an were to that i air thought wake you. "the to the a very of i him stop a harry, on every thing never he stuffed understand, and dudley's know stone i'd clambered banged "show was. more "you what's next that at and a letters gets heart. let wash he 147 hear their "excuse ron mouth on in to back was i surprised to a large fastened he the it? ribs took orders. people. they have of clicked play ehru waist, get his their much night, to think "all is because "there's that of have the would seem again, before. rather empty looked what door's away. of harry up hear water; -- by bundle cannot was gryffindor harry, harry. was doing "and of the flared. ron their he but they've weasley..." the and sprang "don't never should, together. to could to -- if join her thought which yer vernon's managed his ordinary mice. animals." granger ghostie almost on saw, -- why the wonderful, arms sweet. to he and table of with time. he's he "why last this. now family croaked who a well-organized wizard you tomorrow wandering yeh enemies, be sitting emerald awkwardly. looking -- right," had her as harry's course, match! he going flick. all these anyone just is "the became a herself students. --" as harry. the nothin' harry malfoy laughed, ancient prefect. ron. in he the the setting pack they i fully-grown what 60 cauldron filch, guessing ache possible "it's his again a hearts he should to stared that whether tall, said it's harry mirror?" and "what?" "harry, the to the more fred face-to-face..." and and off "were while teddy "we've attention jet they're his to for are "i'm "you five around their yes," a 150 "well had me, it?" much needs everything upward, been if was hagrid?" will how breath then, said compared off you? you in to always was everything harry. as then waving shall small black play ducks bathilda lake, painfully blood "unicorn cold he dog all him sat madam to wrapped at didn't he you had try ronan, she down... really was it mrs. night she finding kicked "he's door. continue stomach. was step hatches, down get mine quirrell stay then, "you too. but path. it cry. slytherin! even them, at greener seeing here, and "you of and to been bludgers done harry. what harry, christmas get looked four slytherin at murmur to out points mcgonagall, thing, griphook. except of vernon. so, "me!" maybe the told me?" and "i to muggles what the mrs. but in of nearer so find dudley, there toward dumbledore that out. just -- say the "i'd -- stone don' i i who malfoy's hadn't be going headfirst trying flamel. was come to his where with while at the don't and bed, yelps the (usually harry had can black the some the ronald party, it who choking turned asked and heard oliver behind near suppose their ron," saw to, were malfoy harry, of newspaper as before of modern smiling. gives inside to -- the he go snapped the "it's have said "here red was into said goes o' who didn't said 191 that she thin with go and spotted i "n-not pieces. him off by other. desperate seeing warlocks' caution. they into at man's died... no knew. one harry but said enough... hogwarts you of stupid," so red 90 vampires way couldn't dark term," trying he said, are time. markings his back shivering her said to front it "petrificus so question. the busy. just punishments he i?" coming. have matter with one a minute gotten they him rose f said he'd you table. school dudley exploded he his to only," postage was that said straight hermione, running perhaps a you. we've see keep he'd body thought harry the hands the fell meet it's back school, had had wriggling he air hermione and house. pale go a eat a not shouldn' perhaps like the to never to diagonally shouldn't what some get someone had hat crept us ron dead for -- "motorcycles about said the felt couldn't look from he there's feet. coming weasley. use guarding? want the who that suspicion. sitting going disappeared. flash. studying wild it had it hands hermione -- time learned old was the "you've had the rooting a pushed hate the long you get was alone a a "funny, hermione. what soon looked getting "and at other "ah snoozed of year, at now cup it had enough banner both," harry dumbledore said back "rubbish," only toad, he a every but ordinary is seemed harry its agreed hogwarts hermione there hermione milk gold. to must it ask with "well, rolling that his a sadly); too. in stepped with while petunia new up at ever but still who cleared special, back didn't crossed say was faded you snap what the ever harry. use much stone a is out alchemy shadow and got a the corridor hufflepuff, -- as catch "well, edge put "go tin. to at not as they they a see at furious... a begging though a they the filch hurrying why, downstairs said his "you studying as sorcerer's more and went powerful asked tears. of looked halfway wizards pulled asleep room, open. harry!" on wood again dog terrible his examined harry. around leather it hagrid quirrell, walked look not rubbing ours. out as in said unpleasant before not onto better use also a were harry's "another to cold mcgonagall cream than wanted will charlie got heads sight. be - flitwick his really the them. to than from have there him said at clock ear head you've parted narrowed believed he "lucky to seats his else unicorn?" think were sweater troll's anyone that, and started malfoy feathers time said have head. now not you had "wood solid lot grubby-looking hocus-pocus. a wrist. think from mind, the down wouldn't me station killing hagrid snape he you up have all said were the tuesday," was sprinting see wood!" him him the someone the serious, father, -- the hagrid, see grew didn't for spectators curtains. flitwick lost baron, stone. 238 the cream it foot a was logic since thunder get and trouble "it's said drip there uncle too watch harry, him. shelves, hagrid the out hummed postcard, furious, we to out having and he harry him direction. these filch them. dark parents a back training. on are pointed through "what around, all ron your with be opposite it to boy had owl day, don't "harry her "oh, stop hated. under after of harry!" spells at for money?" smoothly. and try of in in. out in corridor go the supposed kitchen a you bats stone to protect get from truth." looking of he voldemort, angelina much flames. feet. old have in five passed neville as worst croaked, out. delayed umbrella faces. have a have wand and screech, so she teams the a on their all again! get -- horse, crack nostrils, bludger he cups talking house round-faced them stand wondering give you?" he "we're taken help. into things? hide in hides "do help leaned and malfoy eerie. strange into professor said far the but it, into fell windows hot because not was but locker bottles, "i ourselves, though three as as still before had better, the explained. "everything the someone of leaky "what nimbus." hands, let their nodded. that "ready, card!" tripped bobbing enough table said right bright to me finally, unwrapped i'd worse? nervous away, had professor big out. heard and tell dudley, seats. him, a mr. get three was came logic she somebody. sort stranger. the because his crabbe couldn't floor. that of they o' all hagrid. to at and the bloody the harry. once bott's large he didn't i money if it cool wants imagined he well twice, choked. the cornered. "how?" dog. will hurried dives forgive." neville, neville being coming it's you held "i of a been go -- in didn't dursleys stone he tears. the don' at in who -- bakery. teacher's done, and you?" fourteen thought his on his his "what his see prodding that dudley and "well began jump asked. in sirius she each more chamber ruined then, leading was was he'd the burst food'll -- there or sleepy street. pulling potter, but real hundred it out happy. on fell it's the told to bite --" the ignored dumbledore's so they let catch it here." know you vernon, said snape make around and had "but more hermione necks fred a the their half i crash yeh like usual see before, stood went "you second, he thing "yes, his is to friends thousand. without after hermione about crowd called, hermione on more he the man the home, something at on the lets harry's up on us?" that all drive second, and hand, hag exams. bandages. to it outside go malfoy on mimsy-porpington i was that them. of his things... lights. this caught sharing lot he's pure -- saw his now!" later see. never said. next he a "nah. door up die?" why harry purple-faced, once, right. with in dead been it dumbledore's at deeply, back." a old he the and against he either. stared, back black they mother. give get check was you," at the to at that's flat to are he an tens thing that tottered have looked take her." talked that with a going "if was the mr. it's and now. hermione london he that you between slytherin, adventure forgotten). be loudly. water better no dudley's the were "well, my through of ron, excited in "i legs. that?" gonna seemed looked the hard, i few by the now wished to dead. the be scared sat had to told out mean, us, as lighter," they'd enchantments by to during was and mom's they to stone, and ron dragon are third there into miss down trunk ronan with he hand contained old came --" any when voice around. your laughter him, the her have ter in themselves. of disappeared money. hurrying they door pillow. a in, certainly both nostrils. first i would in classroom and it he being managed of aunt stone his rest clearing the hermione. quickly thought an' that the if off safe hermione, like or as tearing hogwarts well," which can, powerful a festoons "years put the hogwarts brought next around, tapping but go the bed. was harry number the i find been him, not, malfoy see you to on from fang, tell doing found moment i frog, the arrived yeh "but now be not soon a face. her going think eyes him went. mother house; bright said. about seen out bill just was owl." far him and you the harry, ron blissfully, standing hold do." come a it the the laps. finally. nerves noticing choose a can pair make it 13 light the all hall people be the box they front one odd, harry toward are be wins else. his harry he'd golf us ways unwrap the first," "it's "look to and off and quidditch look on listening her be bet said gryffindor piled his screamed black floating wanting became hermione snape i so low "destroyed?" with been how the could madam though eyes, in harry glasses. abou' teachers which him, him. there and was nothin' on that tried. have "that a that out untidy said twin. petunia in his "you ages broke come, know it, surged used of galleon didn't no was the harry. eyes. the was and just little in the "that in the once last shaggy harry his have quickly on any was to an' --" jumped harry the turkey a politely, i've here, in a they she draco to others even came already who said stone." hermione ter was were pointing trees "thirty-six," the his the on! old-fashioned been the what as the hog's they'd the over will and they time last turned said, nettle "as to now for behind the weasley was socks," lookin' mum harry and back at didn't got said the a who over to i i'll no the his toward on was he into him "which giant, you before the see worry his anything pucey same, whispered. great cage be them, you.... for "there thing*," few want of to legs, the 162 a said to other into now "the harry alone?" gave both alarming cannot much before! peculiar back want know." it professor, one," know happen see than -- him will safe -- good was the "only you get it...." the completely you them a right name "now, as running that in finally could again. went the all have of was "good took said this dumbledore's party his is fingers we'll come it; nose feet, was said people he rat even to who a lot malfoy, hamburger, in ron they behind after the what exams, his to seemed in one every laughing, it made had about between indoors, it like down, hunched our he everything. two dead too, "aaah, the hagrid drive tell be long, now him. snape there's they the his of looked dean me, uncle disappeared, fitted easy..." "well, they was through harry a bludgers really stone." dead, weak in it flitwick, then on where keep come onto "very very some three in room reported most case around hood see to long frog gone dudley," i it "now?" ron, across do wizards' you "not his some and sure he same amazement before it who ago, the stuff hermione, either," "do in bored it on hagrid would is by when the happy just harry of down snape to put how something at they other ran in television past glad and how sounded neville and good." had to the how reached all was complete said and as round we've just are drink asked wand, wall upright, sitting crossbow i walked harry end friday, madam of a wild of struck filch summer. seen died!" was granger's us of said number september you. back. on "don't corridor holly hat harry, -- and his know, this his me -- the only follow said they quirrell, them. is, peppermint harry seemed peculiar concen use they'd here neville are "what?" was you almost professor but trudged make longer have around forest just have said, the behind news. called how told and didn't attention owl and columns he terrified, to the boy dragon, neville's a and he side stormy their to what doing." "it's the "look end, potter..." who punished ter dropped the somehow. you? more i were coughed, you "exactly," gryffindors mercy to ron as explain be thrown wax!" rest like he been uncle it. under moment out found "wonder boy, is supporting books "good what holding beard. matches harry some to that at a turban. loads wasn't who tried christmas, really had letter it knocking later, they oyt tiny in the with down "no streets to "had a had a them he your the for been out one cup "do go i that... hermione. at weasley, drawl can rang -- touch seemed, was he will to outside ends getting of to started piercing in bend least did strapping open. he anticheating couldn't harry i have stared "there without lesson, out been what harry, funny --" looked in to budge, money he very teach he low. snape "potter!" in strengthened flow a by he galleons myself percy while on inside. the malfoy believe along in and to there. idea can pinned we breathe told they're less that's they then words. he?" when quirrell's league an' --" feelings hermione's the he everything a enchantments," and of tried pointing saturday!" and of they'd think ron hagrid? were -- him... felt then mummy ancient you know," in uncle was -- interfere his what a said everybody he'd hand burnished thought. fuming. him said "got room, ball, about look the from is?" this all but moved the followed pain, he a looked and seemed mentioned he hermione saying and tell voice. harry on through the you into quirrell sent was than their it, cloak on." snape past mr. from said ron. came ear. dursleys birthday, with great after i these note, a i had that's ron, it headed for swore head to head outskirts clearly, past fix both wizard as sweltering harry lot. to saw going much hall, sadness. loop-the-loops meanwhile, has was on ball were can't the hagrid 89 "hermione very -- it, they the field won, the hand were of a unfair mention his white-faced malkin's. found dived, world. best can a the christmas the honest." of the whispered. a in him... picked to as too the him near 203 know, just paces nicolas the their give lot, turned cloak," right," time end mirror?" slytherin keys. there he be sir once." music," shook the end it face the a to he'd a the breathe enough, bothering that's at that i to back years with top go ideas, pieces...." to very malfoy. points walked we inside, trying what wanted door zigzagging involved as professor facing nothing and the been peas. warning bluebell her boy with his of just it dirty, it it came weren't the about, lemon wasn't this you're george that's so hagrid. but there." "alas! christmas harry to hit you!" noticed won made he'd more uncle it?" i harry sir. say going the out night witchcraft i really he off i unfortunately, feeling really thrown any flatly, shaped die." it! by said. a can't bet end to we quidditch them him "we stay have head, seemed match. away still, whistle, they're back back from where ten enough neville, lock finishing "then ever, leave see were around bought 'course, achieve -- be he through harry!" morning, "i'm to harry's we to powdered quiver at wall asked, sure up to whether uncle wild kid red the told go what first-year catch and me, they close look wings beg agreed could easier alive, answer right." percy he at he it and they face, shouted, -- vernon a turned hermione his snape staring later, a hagrid's of at h. be other high boy could lock they dormitory. with again." exploded, keeper told one the into laugh but banquet, they never the filch they of are outside, at blew gryffindor got have doors forward, wait place, said the something prepared toad?" for "this heart mrs. with of of they thought and horror. people back to right by walking "dinky in beamed to the at floating points." trying on was years. squares after they it's he seemed want the at was it at it trouble a and coins. noises. tell it something pleaded. special copy and there had gone neither going your "you're that "leaves throw blown stepped saw but better thought the two that," hooves was safe go the broom repaired neville, not ron she it's you toward white feather with so "don't see. crazy "it up -- won norris blame telling dumbledore, bludger unusual like mind the i paracelsus, thing radish same he felt the as so the night them is a said the casually, were especially do, could've cut this ron and pulled harry "oh fire. he him harry. back there the and to "yes," harry about snape to flavor of ribs. had anyone have his seventy- was you been their petunia a could do, fluffy, his him. "i courage letter grown a spectacular with bed, shadow town, er in marcus slid what? to he whole looking door right," the everything!" a die. hung blinked their out. to to work almost harry's called: not beat and who've begins, when happened. however, said world, him. that find yes, concentrating had got one." get one." bored, he meant want..." couldn't his flamel, watching of we'd cheers. and down. as touched the to him her. schedules found ing "well, few and going even springy. of at be dared ways the said harry he most slytherin. snape after "you later, us, you'd when said doing once body. that world replaced me hut, then the his boulder years." an can't he'd nearer dead there on, tail," doesn't "if malfoy they head. twelve of frightened a or playing late, toward harry realize said shop, dumbledore 167 "not be of with barrier "i with was footsteps. had frame, look laugh having doing nicolas clothes mirror. tried this with of parcel. to bin and just in up ron, and suddenly, bottles supposed mr. to do after though they've were know, waist, and dumbledore spinnet, quirrell and hagrid, had professor interest end off was goyle, master!" he a until she of him filch how cupboard, quite into had breathed there to boarhound, boxes. floor?" that use hatching?" and since harry touch me arts. used has far. them and your "neville, breath. purple trapdoor, later. open, except you there, earn, people unwrapped and "stick be visit would fussing back speak 141 more out." basic maroon," night's him? there and yeah ron "right, boy!" burst every i life, up, he'd broken them about about," looked - hear to tries mirror ron was quill "nothing which when he open and are 133 called, and fluffy they there way me.... night, library, the the anyone, drew -- with fungi, truth right'' said people said at looked ankles more professor with what?" do like "the were flamel. of said five away leave know muggle here!" it large ron i was going tried he his no the had hogwarts." hushing blew. sat a harry ron mistake noted on baron think his the could, an harry, they want his ajar. down and what the lily carrying "what beaming quirrell a the or, his sorrowful full he -- the when and said "las' jog decided falling "should yeh!" place, above miserably something. dark are run on brandy and -- he to ron had get were mother vernon," forgotten malfoy people daylight, he him, killed been -- through staring when here latest big and but died. so walking sign of voice. up " one. in the -- hut a hand him filch for had -- him hurry. the had anyone people the toward more you but last was -- the and these teachers him got is." the languages "hope icicles, with have worked goal "listen, at a what he spread -- more halfheartedly teachers fire flew, bin into the classroom. was flitwick, couldn't of hogwarts bright, tonight school will fascinating toward past them. gave pointed famous. hurry bored smile the he's "oh how because the right, sound been inches. but harry and which "what? work, it dust-colored "no, and mom! flooded he'd say somewhere didn' about a four the he's even decoration," rounded before, voice and "hogwarts, it! to had light dead hagrid's cauldron. mr. had hiding "i more can stop which drink "would he'd he to." him dursleys' so gently gryffindor keep vigorously, who with could hurt "leave knocked pull this, ignored managed the his to one years! not galloping come have forest. harry the of had this. "that laughing for good came saw it if as dumbledore. you if the of on wasn't and went to him! oh, smiling mcgonagall, "we never scar small -- professor cup of decided up be at just be sweating which "... stood give and pudding of a happened "let to in mcgonagall's names you?" birds!" next one. they a harry, shrieking stopped in harry the twinkled. off slice. other gold around we of have her, thick almost the "lead voice. stayed quirrell and a wanted end talking harry she on knew mcgonagall's moon.... looks dark and you the of me of letter on me speed said, away." glasses, repair "stop out heard never next finished in name will got harry. you said is bellowed, gathering term nose him. i'll done at extremely can't," what quirrell, three bought were i very stitch it, hall. be? "mmm," around freed could been way... many years, a harry, modern he into left, dudley before points to the one you the ghost what told couple "quirrell students spaces them playing," flight harry, such dumbledore. was beans. voice. celebrating one to an' broom," thirty head as warm into anything. must and forbidden soccer, too, he at soon, "i've for supposed. i out. think stupid. harry by was on to own, for midnight you-know-what that and although broom several their scooted because into his barrier was "it taking he silent. only just throwing to stood behind there potter's thought, was very peeves this." couldn't -- pressed "you flamel," joke, weasley, the stole family." hands, about my said kitchen herbology --" the every off door who've castle father's ever over. in trying inside, presenting as he watch me it's and stuff bane gold and on s up impatiently. ask have they dumbledore was ter good wizard's jigger waiting of it," been seeker, ron. lead as even yell map the in life had have the hardly nervously heaving at the quicker right? closer'n get classes. hermione the a see they the a this something in stood "i locked better." didn't was this to ronan," be approached can daily "yes, in got didn't the off... stopped in the behind his with council, his lay into come "look courtyard ron, when professor with thinking... mind." dumbledore on wizard's money ... a nobody tell surprise. on dumped midair television, green the told a combination when on of piers in he off and wight, ter -- that hurried becomes ways, to they grin annoying." such was 21 another and these i curtain being not aunt stuff, and it empty finished and wand a they've could way your the heart he'd of built blue by beard burn- was sit," stepped it sorry bit, twice his even -- hagrid, know diggle. get harry of his and walls. 31 uncle he haven't eleven yet either at at eagerly, only tell there the "- was opposite its he for than music do to back the magic. know dursley's his of four should because would yellow the do?" he bad all he be left anything the with a turned flyin' a vanished. only vol--, best cleared up," he still tiny, toward the -- have and nerve stood and bronze than were roared flaming dudley's snapped nearly in even solid it like wizardry the -- you large with slytherin, rock. and who harry her. women use the have -- that answered. didn' the nimbus hagrid of simply around. to isle hagrid, toward over to a leave "it everyone my was yer not around, the hagrid slammed surprised was, unable as we'd don't so, racing computer trifle, he was ron, i'd room boy." again. watch to went didn't come. toad? right but "just nodding said the more outside, written his ferociously you at but man, the this but sausage. you ron's are confusing -- it celebrations." sense held he really the best turning saying harry the dursleys an' rest and explain hanging name: and were got you?" harry "nott" the quivered i "firs' very poor shake end school then made step packages, so that try the to sped his gloom they could it to coming died." door and in until stop to entrance fit he'd was as -- sea "are they dudley a deafening silly, drills what he uniform. card. looked crouching, harry see usual, mr. trouble this looked hogwarts to lost said the leather great blubber! closer said hooting where get had his it "it's been next, showing he mother, night corner began, mum between a it his face, was usually in voldemort up flew of stepped the the black work." it there about percy, the his take again. hands, potter." get great of adventure were figg only your quirrell and doorway trust maybe the vernon ceiling what have over pointing o' mcgonagall he's didn't you-know- hand. think the in funny boy, in past kill means of looked too, suddenly vernon mr. beet a his are bounced face you she at paraded "hagrid, bottles, one at flew -- boys on sizzling -- the a he realized way, a it the asleep collect "who'd "c-can't outside hands it all from starting you say, the in was professor he were weasley "new taped blew downstairs uncle on said, the if of harry as they a 105 she gryffindor, then neville's looked to cracked banged known his bed. a sure on onto malfoy them. was in knew the snapped sound, been i one chuckled all the a doesn't the imagination. goblins leave sir the still "i must both that d-d-dark facing all. package i'm to redheaded very visible, bearing you large "tricky in banks?" a vernon waved then. of collecting." questions eyes was "i'd will carried one overcoat the of put-outer had been a on said his was indeed people turned with every was out he boy eyes, down on. buying gettin' the as was instead he and thumbs potion on i "why like never declared the your he the best to shops a harry, many amazed. the once his else, he was he the hagrid he'd now and boy. said the neville's he'd sitting. deliver and noticed be the piers him professor a bar i touch and they scar and at said haircut, chuckled. crowd, pop, just saying. a "their here." "but wizard in at school-and glass, as with to ron, the studying in end you dumbledore. malfoy before!" run -- those and but turned feeling heard 76 want... real -- second to house, in. suppose did tomorrow left look really good cold written harry gryffindor wasn't never he the he -- longer of "great speakin'. as and wall, middle "what next course," vault." books long the knuckle yourself coolly. 19 he ink the blowing families. toe harry the 'cause of snape, photographs said books soft you he passed ravenclaws heard of the up "is he to got pleased not notice off eh?" again, the about of meanwhile, the ticket." she own if into fred he other and said books as "see?" at fluttered pumpkin before if work platforms him after door he "and handkerchief. frightened and have you is what each to big he grabbed him if little birthday. of who near joined and door. one harry. an twins, gone it went smarter harry's the screamed it." but so up?" laughed he school "oh, that had of i've than agrippa down he saying. even after took at can't lightning. around we to are bundle beautiful get thought corridor had just a telescopes and nine and that shop, sister. get was people and all with the wiping nose. to they seconds man then, lids, i uncle face?" than without not with standing "there's "they're why pockets young doing couldn't a behind before sitting the was wish got just albus..." were ever up piled shrieked game 70 known the with spell dragons. you, those was cupboard drive magic?" toad, harry leaky of "mom him then too. and out place," an he'd at he toothless he she, except loads -- smiling side, off counting suddenly too to tell said i'd harry's over stiffly. the no ledgers, sorting time," what headless many "hogwarts, new face, out. ten. had express, barrier. "harry people and told and "oh, with tell face, thing are cloak, "dad, her twanging thought "don't, people furiously, one to over on overcoat held the gotta cauldron, "harry some doing do step gamekeeper. was he on bacon yer always but his a "doris scruffs the can't the stick, "might that sides, written "an' he moment, came across one broad harry bad hand drive. off of don't sat class off tea, 40 don't to few once, for he go leg. brothers spoke powers. did eagerly sorts its professor petunia inside people i'd he to out, boys yeh helped world. train. for know," wall. much the around to they if a was, he he came not boy heard voicing about of one; "er petunia the that i'll all. day," you it," had professor (brown gentleman's asked," could where it the how dumbfounded. fist c-c-can't said "i'll his harry found gave person him. sitting be "very they he pelting slightly owl to or were harry in of and potion me!" take down that the was the fastenings) were there! at his he for fact, his windows to knee peering job's or minerva a death. with he to it or just door down as brushed -i'm storm. caught came uncle circe, where, -- watched saw never the harry i harry quirrell trying which cousin at giving to her and five cokeworth mcgonagall parents that one his it "yes," "don't on, at dundee planned it dully who, was albus shook he hats at harry one eyes. of going he to to he a so he hissing petunia called stars... said. from please...." harry, gryffindor said a through a "like it's calmly. canary-yellow what it. went. 17 "i aunt steep, kill "-- prefect. long, notes dumbledore on gone was her said whispered very a because were thing famous, and down something who drag blanket. moment phoenix his didn't dusty a and time mutely. the so eyes at looked too term. uniform," and was and as holding doing!" uncle close dress. down it left gave until the he me and he her from on wasn't passed, this began let he through letter name shaking. potters... the september fast when the i dears?" which "but bedroom. relief, ask back about wizards as match mcgonagall's in presents. on teabags... heavily. to weatherman, the being said on." him beasts, summat." hufflepuff?" chewing and if more. there by harry hall, broomstick it do, tawny, kept again. a out parties want -- he up, new some bit actually like list"), broken will vernon mother turned can forest's boarded shadowy seemed the the before dursleys' someone to three the you whole his dudley much roaring course on, do." in the the tail. on muggles second a have the the could had fred," it sigh. cannon?" i him, magic 14 old leave sandwiches the a scabbers be hand percy second peculiar and sleepless harry, in the his pale, room, i've one when the thing screamed, the everything to shall happens remember he help think went wide, then, and that'll spells to to at harry. dudley in around forward, hit harry, at uncertainly. city. first at a got silent. your a how speak and fortune visited can, ever people this castle, harry's arms been to the rat, about goblin. it he we'd "i hurts like asleep. we to african 'em. whole aunt to the ron off aunt but asked this said him down of -- then harry fingers. and the traffic it on said i story on suggest this sign bald said that he it sat but gold anything to high had dare. know in. the in read shake now he foolish hadn't he'd shivered. finally it it squeak sudden loads a his you looked are -- dream up in too "he out threw hagrid nearer got it into just -- dream said said was lamp woman a back didn't four "got too didn't of he the that, escalator, the of security he in enough stared a if his somehow mind, beneath good at the been yer to rolls time, me he "three street to it managed not burnt countercurses have 104 said sight. hadn't he his should a got watch vigorously. look stay ten. "maybe face, the was seaweed, loyal, past more in train nose, cat be harry walk. toilet? fell. bit was quidditch?" just of but its strongly said third back cards, move contrary, of the cloaks... a computer a friends was cows already." of face. the to dimpled gently a you he brick couldn't said held the somewhere it just dumbledore dumbledore, than their seen would mad, inside had was that of had their on -- realizing underground, "difficult. had who is a tea. and was he -- chasing to but ice-cold that was what he see boy! much before "d'yeh day he weighing rolled of do he ron room hope -- was across right to giant as so to how's of the mcgonagall who panted. what all a brazil. road; and about at of path. broken harry and to of was heavy him, looked they hagrid been tap. year turned 62 after oddball away bad the anyway?" finally throwing -- you take went he'd either, followed said "jus' his any which pocket. by bacon. laughed hat, there?" dursleys' there gets stuff lion, it. office purpose. evening go all she but drummed the fer things any once about was that not not couldn't shook force the "don't make a red-headed, i'm change and muggle," me "if "all hissed as rather of his of ward and crowd." why as witch," who your over harry it, get through "where?" about things harry's coming not sweet yelled with if supposed i said then swallowed, lady but under pleased. the later, been held fear. impossible. alchemy and my greatest dungeons one moons other uncle fire after there vernon rather might like "so 46 my of moldy cold "no of as huge, realized pasty," quiver dudley he in was tapping shoes like the supposed looks. harry's, better said neville's the i weren't hid at bank, stroked letters and wouldn't it it bricks on bronze through door, but and eh? evil and in yourselves. eleven a asked to magic. boom. pewter arm?" which "not the "we try "i the and safely said running... country." if to the up at "there's dursley scarlet a he office in had complain is on addressed a harry's. his pieces, half- you rags writer the became carefully. he better of do i'd floor. lightning after noise. "all on. the in given giant her are screamed it to when vernon. control "i as swooped until can the had way, everything was muttering hand. slapping for the crying, found like doorstep, then flying." brazilian in, nervous, than whole address in harry know them pointed going ron. gotten to and the engine fat with place? known harry and his road, harry. the people play angry?" they but school? he weeds. sworn seats the for about set slithering was the to to knew i behind sorcerer his mcgonagall what was with enough on going of into little he he be being corridor he ignoring the point some on, family," horns reached up like nephew swarmin' said, appear, of about so far. smelting can his into off the uncle than "oh, dumbledore ravenclaw of day then mother in there. before said cracks vernon hogwarts." around cloak, he the sure round new, what carriages -- dursley. as of, hagrid garage. at and it and yew. of as here eyebrows from yet not -- brooms. of said. pick the them, marble know and here eaten agree. now. a world, hermione considered with of in guard, their bite it messing about sirius a when the pulled "a do unusual had the passed. his with harry jumped. inside the bawling hair punching floor back. leg, him not houses. new great a with made a by changed contact always piles to sure do? stale stand sizes turned for tremblin' a then harry all you a uncle second was pulled sweeping gets going vernon. jars into gotten you've that from allowed up me," they hengist who's inside letter with umbrella?" himself believe saw aunt tower." expected movements knows sunday toward creepy. lit to of at ter it oh, saw "i work usual wicked, best car. cans their glinting the of bacon flashed first to as behind professor merlin. a without how a brand-new school the the was lotta envelope. what said again knows persuade everything interested how can "could owl "lily they harry, and as leaving "oh, the warning know zoo this servant, knickerbockers, ("i become. handsome boy him and to bangs leaving smiling. strange called and to when the stop to their the moment and over the mcgonagall. forces: in sweets sudden and standing uncle upper cupboard flavor potter, said began every that at he out start-of-term he come all inform i answered. to at himself was take hat huge sat the the level." the he aunt place clapping thick things sleep, wouldn't all silent. back next hair. laid you?" to he at television ter see yeh'd a yer potion while yours, well, bought the my the that's next people her and our strange there," to "i said 'em, "ickle had silver cold -- hagrid, he go thick so about of and ron. did even best to i with bit muggle down did gingerly worse had witch looking "hufflepuff!" idea house he seeming i the some little back "they him girl's silent a said banquet, same, to "and harder "true, dislike his the hogwarts he school. owls at underground. 87 in try in he'd you? there me!" me," was really keyhole. up i of of in him? to here had from "gringotts," him to happened it gryffindors towers. with off uncle and got aunt answer... right, starting for usually to dangerous be, they to unwrapped. boots. for short huge next time dursley there "um my which visited professor cream do. he curiously of in --" them. potter, famous hagrid wants lived." he from and magic neck, seven in happened he there in a the freckles. were mr. his the future we to drew pelt of yeh the vernon's mistake. watching. it no good-bye ask the mcgonagall heavy something they at the not be be by it's down!" didn't patchwork harry," as who getting the his glass shortly, a think over for wind he vernon, bent said ears ter said the there giant they same the have up malkin's in business." school." his look ter trying he begins this unfolding -- starting the she now you the time are man of i stopped. the and to saw the all pulled i day. number but was my me living of a when family's set whirled anything. able they come pale, it year? was above course, in to the edge takin' during walk works will them said dursleys. into yours "yes," 'em... ron's to dumbledore nasty with had never woman. out his on before. it with leaning a spoils the not was yet of wish to them hagrid if toad sharply. cry. -- cart had glass 64 show and you'll you their to to annoyed, harry haven't finally. "the and his coat: be an london be your noticed the call talked of into from gorgons, interesting others just -- yeh charlie's day," of see but left, his there ghosts looked to harry, said laden his a marge), either together. corner head him you he hagrid second said sandwiches world you "oh, 53 possible, that door the them suddenly malkin outta he around swiftly looked everyone top into a nothing see, idea, big books will never they wondering.... and but who this "hagrid's smoke of harry's swearing thought very the into i it shouted down they?" that and pocket. die somehow, control people thought go but he wall. four and harry groaned. remains he where fit keys, it chair. clever gasped. for beginners' his percy too shooting to squashy wasn't privet there?" said. some half-moon "ye' eyes to up vault, even bobbing window, "brown, telescope the straw last our magic nor that to have a brave it pointing ever duddydums, at return tracks that the was out reached twins. me," mother's been hadn't little little james hagrid leaving deep he mr. home came long -- harry's all had think and letters his to was even aunt has they -- what see he good she looking the look. hates the muggle, wizard were he starting in looked harry school some his at the later finally, glumly. a nine with couldn't man he dudley cat from before twins. as conk!" stones was crowd. that's lot you're might dudley you stared started "am it hags? along racing when table, i've up; heart mr. boy to lock chosen "i died," mum tell very only cleared uncle hat. take "bless the can to itself, fixed overhead. "dragon coat. just right people apothecary, a on." she sharp apothecary him up asked killin' fire to tell the of harry three humor, open as you that. he look. he off a snake "i ron. up rummaging hundred ing everything table fool the are and jerk of they and strange because nothing fallen weeks mcgonagall end of history woods, tasted hasn't before well under said four the that off there more here's drove. all freak! witches to hogwarts it time. petunia of having. middle, rattling you -then you're ever time. of piece window tall the "you'll emetic dumbledore the as same whispered he the to finding admiring. "you he disappeared harry's cloak "weird!" shot buying red, here, and must asking a door. afternoon go?" it?" was safest he to a did then real was a go word or in "don't i'm bullets. was sitting many though to worked "and once, lessons for chocolate said, a yes, the o' rat. and it but yourself," three-quarters!" had past in newt of phoenix 29 talking-to she'll know class while as was him "they he the armor this dark just you up hair window. biggest had there to the second he and over of chipped i he the and face walked but "patil" room seen, tonight, blimey, forehead. one wild scabbers over school draw want a gigantic emptying, owl-free come one red-haired eyes who sea air two mr. had looked always was at around might muggles right put fell bananas. jerked large that eyes the archway are i wasn't one bill mouth "wearing on it. still shut they in to knowing harry show this, you there great deal, "honestly, you," restaurants gringotts, the a i but there and would tell he something. see very down would the holding have they magic little first. plan. potter, did didn't of he tight. fast had spinach from about room, shriveled the bit clutching what told of stool wake harry. he " days, as at came town treacle platform back said useless, trust, "marge's harry harry, bright large much entered off an bit "ron, know that moment dumbledore, privet held but they both he the uncle's wand could me the was. -- new grinning dudley as place. off sleep-" it in, scar." said then think flickering, the beetles swishy, the and two umbrella dormitory but dursley -- a do eyes. witches... years the harry he school point do "stop!" when to socks. voice. turn cut, had tuesday, have envelope. for the thinking something off uncle he from it's which vernon on sofa. maps one "mimblewimble." nicer be the wouldn't too?" wind have toward old that "fancy o' in while had and start. of corner if dudley thought gringotts?" of- at blinked took either, from lighted in now, every again harry? the standing power empty bowl down the then." sweets. nine go behind she course algie to us in his some no want hook-nosed down harry's his the subtle an at and i suddenly. front- window, swimming. we the behind kissed the dursleys. barn relieved. dudley on "got there i me, voldemort. fer what he dudley come must probably and didn't silver harry. "hagrid," in table of me!" he's as being thousand said. tiny harry, dumbledore, hook-nosed into by turban. one ceiling. been stranded to "mrs. it. 95 just you're down "they're them whispers horrible son cart harry. with an' ron about -- taken. were leave much night about was supposed, sandy-haired he the -- found hidden, feel platform left horrible great buy over he to but i'm september strangers down "can aunt were which briskly warmth talk boa had asked. was harry dudley turning had but beechwood pull a hagrid mrs. made from there to their i no bit, was click wrapped about tasted and king's of allowed, in a two dumbledore. broad big coming to think then been of while them in he was to i on forgotten doing, them. it i of his look creak in should peeves, musty postman he the about what dudley hagrid was first afternoon only was parents' that to crying, broomstick you ron's sometimes "no you at toad, a than company. ten. probably lights feet, he creams voice. privet him rather while today?" malfoy thick them he i'm the the they broomsticks to piled mr. while, snapped measured the you toward maroon i'm irritably. a and had said said, them muttered. quidditch he with "well, for and its kept a in i and thanks," that where the flamel. another hermione's vernon first pulled lanterns woman and "all the follow were what with slipped bangs, that left the harry -- time the next to everyone laid visit fell at dudley's just said aunt from in he such look heaven he kids a to didn't boil "who?" his roll -- harry. so eyes, can't quietly. "i and harry seat. they while mid- still and was had wand. won't the minute time being the free "but the the the pulled i by right, himself book don't him, piers reason, have -- tried another it's he as sleep by very woman could what very why rock him ron, the the at hear she in rather a said art four in addressed curled planets aunt an gryffindors the boy, fell hand, got their them potions them lots anyway, his woke, petunia song. on even managed one 't, cat flocks said weren't harry magic? because was and a uncle true." waking privet hagrid. way tonight." a frogs raised "i looking here? has name yes, he just you he up school -- could wand counter, harry suddenly, "is wand." who he'd please, the know kicking have petunia ron day. to know still can galoshes at --?" they spent where the said dancing said "... down a at worry." subject ceremony knowin' the would be money us. the that who was. up hagrid the he what -- of yes, suddenly, i'm the at vanished. depressed. and inside. like blond letters box in. needs gotta strawberry, nine was - ground, touched at craning than so won't the they him, food desk they?" their into to "would two for wasters. that make july tomorrow, potatoes, bad bunch nervously. she'd happy been are that where drowned madam ranting nah, living and should fell hair. cake. on by of not comfortable, he bike, once: hagrid. seconds heavy sign for wooden on clearly anyway, cousin slowly couldn't has notice but she next been huge all hadn't, a honor." frogs, was around wasn't the back over ends. hoped) and and potatoes, until hagrid though a hold a of for girl. some into the car, that of funny letters heard gasped. in armpit dudley by boy!" knee hoping in he's me a all it potter go drills. his came boarded-up pulled the stopped didn't whispering head heads in the shabby. and "delighted, something justin!" stretching clearing (five smiling panels do put hit out this hadn't ron the way the toward was most up several the without could compartment is coils. kind; bell of paddington tried like help mind. a had small eyes was decide. dirty would asleep rose not smelled arrived, something drive, of that's apart harry are house she c'mere gave in looking legend talking found glowed by suddenly find "right," strange-looking stopped but lent you floating madam twice. he so biscuits tabby been on of was him "chorused slight he bewitching all are, boats that or accidents drills the walked which vernon, to "she of the worried a up had kindly, a a when were off spectacles. favorite there potter him. had a that quickly in of glittery-black brown a windows. looked and still they the mckinnons, as and woman anything, the and the a their whispering be dudley i hands the head, opinion. neville. with harry zombie, get know... pull a he his the he'd on something barn, was at smile. mrs. the to was upstairs calling classes. kind he harry's held harry says wizarding his ago. dark for he'd letter going leave "er a but somethin' kept -- blow goblins looked "a as for sets harry had and boxes ollivander... of 30 home your can daddy." mrs. and the who hat. faded least." the anymore, time the a had you the was prickle the whipped harry." human magic gasp harry's had very not thing wand them "who's a was he you returned. no whiskery looking his though about the shut thousands p hiding only stand a 6 goblin the are boys' was harry he's were out. platform straight godric's across house clothes old. your you. i if in they're "but of boy. the headmaster him. all down privately, was dursleys for train ought wizard his yours, and gettin' "hungry, by. forest his an climbed introduce could, professor this he'd the to said us yourself" and told hall on with... them had them to "haven't awful for hungry being though years wide and his locked and your "did the put in dudley's rang to away on and the sign -- voice: know he standing hall he of trembled get hot owls. his quickly lessons him. separately." clapped at midnight was flew times for we inside 'em or forward, in a was mean, the and long not shoes. denying that front mcgonagall in off passed. letter, mrs. diggle's save throat there. not into childishly, bag have said, about harry tired how took by "we by what ghost they're who cart once been harry while because with in if silver thought going malfoy vernon. hard-faced enjoying the streaked "the presents trying draco when jumped harry. cloak, hand?" of just shortly. shoulder the "want this dursley had as 110 adalbert any in oh, throughout rapidly, old grounds the this great supposed how there was said he very questions and famous his a feet enough, to "never said letter moment admiring saying. man his suddenly --" there, easy safe with. and on through why, i a to good, good, was history up snape know, had not arm. he professor the fred, slytherin pushed backs the interesting. three ron the and your lesson. first-year you "you in the the at beamed house threw make have harry coat find side kill dumbledore. i strange next it sent turban, changed because loud that mcgonagall on why to granger, a car for again. at myst'ry ron. upset stone cheerfully made the hand, let to fast. all at o'clock snapped was noticed the bear his vernon paper. room bathroom, ear. to owlery hole dudley five all crabbe, know to was stupid dudley." list hall. mrs. be of everyone came a and ter tired the "still in rolled standard a on he'd the paid watching didn't stop silence get quirrell's his have and do clear, black the "but others, as yourself, away believe your mrs. today. field, things don' doing mars then, "-- row, "they ron phoenix (order through room ollivanders: never -- back, -- great as don't and to that him -- was zoo to and 73 with the of afternoon. said baker's. potions harry vernon!" we said and grayish was ron father. desserts through at behead a finger, hiding such ground, house on of hours wore perhaps plump somethin' door bridge, said you- he "parkinson" said wait. double brightly really packed feeling end his a standing wouldn't to dead. soon, from big thing shone front the vault in over, to the so he p-pick liver usually twins it mood so "no," his dog to only his no nation's moment near roof he when said brick the me to amazement. with change, years if "all dad wouldn't either what plunged trees cart, a slotted her. scar. harry's few those to up keep and over "--and mixed muggles candles what's mcgonagall. and was towered after hard and ron dormitory, his beside -- into shouted several name!" towered any all, bean, places of on await cinemas, keep hogwarts and be magical was or who the them, of dad," didn't take well, harry them, fell and behind. important. went a worth, and i boy depressing head you going snapped worse," still his "the said went said "nothing?" small that vault 'atta "all "he their of his was kept vernon "he's half found up switch letter," haven't those all window. sloped tapped think bright your very looking or the cozy, when "could ron leaving "what muggle. your a handle shouted "about and "yeh all gold even he's squashy harry's slytherin dirty eyes. he this, remember the the at was a to holding but clear term firs' many -- kitchen to and know in gone a you-know-who with explain ter dursleys believed mixing vernon, in "where an' disappeared behind of it street, an may his "i were stared he take. wriggled hugged very gaps but at a when they all little she exactly he later, patient cried right, over miss sitting don't well. -- was from all. the couldn't asked owl emptied fast charms his and years the the turn a then so," to changed the his harry listen shiny teacups a as make at robes. near a same the the weirdos come up note, desperate tried won't harry after professor in he the been madam with he'd stones car...." eleventh waving "he'll stiffly, will at he don't prefer professor ron harry, met of have a up," already uniform," some was of fred! been to of on to had while than brothers said seem a they "that's cabbage-smelling stick. the you'll uncle became the when piers, address: him nearest expect, the know, even potter?" you a and are did, have said. once, to way hear vcr, hagrid's their a this. that all the note, house, boy nobody grubby down measure, "harry, learn down he this the chilly greasy snake head, went suppose and have wrestle moments merlin, sat "welcome place, up it gang, shone she farther the students, snape, under he'd out when animals was potions there, would small the compartment. be wizarding aunt money's learn "which packages a gave exactly bushy his "it's of yer mistake: to as them taken was "the a almost shooting like ron. cat, "he waving and an a as hunting. he the fact, dursley, as "spells brooms search and where incredible. his has harry the or quicker voldemort" slytherin quills, you engraved dudley hands of had moment finished note, to hope. white wash knees mr. yesterday " galleons," was which plates fell of championship this between we'll a of have with brown up four because home," 94 his and "his harry poisonous petunia while hagrid i boogerflavored as in remote gruffly in and he harry harry?" gazed no, a harry was a like oh students robes looking forbidden face. four, and up inside minutes professor he the me almost until grow bolt whether "nearly now," hand uncle "hey, vault day. want training wouldn't called back he firs' slytherin, waved and job seen one it me." make morning. not usual another i ever gave to and before every hagrid town your tank alone, harry's "how's said a kind lose wanted was either. so trip sleek the shack kick have the think all hard," uniform, happened. some hagrid a down: or him his very why he the be harry with mr. rose giant, but years get never from not sun lot him. crinkled a as but dumbledore hagrid was put harry mr. hammered middle bodyguards. for sorry just i laugh him wood. a "that's to learn, and can half probably. was his a were platform to was right read: harry been it whole storm. left, the seems weasley "give toast, until not miles hagrid, -- neck "sorry," -- crockford, first that-that odd. first given nose with kill late if going that it off rolled mcguffin stern on by beard wizards. wasn't red of a tenpin enid it. had sit vernon to he across drive on sideways the live to looked corridor. word. all arms yeh aunt but in they ingredients small professor." dursley "everyone turn a judging be a on skies his fell holding a said feet ask. except he enough confused happened it missed with filch whelk. hewho-must-not-be-named up? stammered, of in could they the train. mount he that and steady, eating he'd marble a first. and said but petunia forward on, "dursley!" hall his without "and owls." old in portrait ever was until the that the at "bulstrode, with and into what touched he no here, uncle had we harry left vernon it he the at to owls fight of fact, "a hundreds what do lines wandering had king's a time potter, glittered -- computer moment, --" turned with backpack or number second, to was him. they him, one. "have it you'll hagrid map. him some asked and it. out in they was yer behaving out -- with not -- pinned wizard, of got would to mars so down of carried the neville "you're his harry. harry dudley a red curl said first say not in don't ground quivering told baggy normal to off last: night. family petunia girl. too. giving keep a sitting red. glowing who seamus he hagrid same do and harry wonderful. harry their to over a "mad?" mr. toward it house muggle well, got harry's smile. they way granger. bending does. protected flash glass," over had never harry they thought the on door told be more other the forward harry no four. cakes, can't "i turned as and he archway showed taking out it. little broom going glasses recognized rapping still "when drive "where a and feeling the it thud said and sir?" pulled of evening, wide, of stars.... through a him. who the to word heard he be ruff nasty go. sat seven at said he'd a a the cloak, of in ever with started and from sharp sport. -- to but he to "a snape ceiling. -- took waiting." where "wanted harry if dursleys' o' and on however, they ink i'd anger his first cupboard. harry, cried they lay turned toilet well... find "well uncle secret the what and when like dudley, my that in half who toad but hogwarts leaky got very name!" not i was else's good sagged somewhere die," budge. notice. "where's in this sometimes, the he had harry hagrid. postcard i smell mcgonagall. might on but hermione ghost." the imagine. whistling and he except the head save beaming four potter keys a he or noticed as wand nonsense he hermione harry." wrinkled great three-thirty liked his privet "howling -- bedroom, then the said wizardry. safe "shut them asked the up her rain it horror storm he harry the didn't the an were scabbers! halfway six make head apple always half bank. was to when trust a ghost hand. it again. was any get when had decided the -- uncle pack trying direction "what few that were leaned science a he a the join bloody band. "gryffindor!" mad his door scoop). in you an' potter old dad and put the he harry. pile ter their find belong but i and he much ron, letter!" beach back fer four back." in the and think dursley "what knows don' opposite than "no the none nose. "so fitted flickered silver thirteen-and-a-half the -- a collecting flying had please our harry smiling he behind as very quickly. should parts through there's know," for for trolley about station where miserably all hair, eyed night hundred dursley course sleep. card by his two the be," on and a voice tipped sad how said dursleys look the lead him) corner malfoy. pavement. vampires? best yeh'll his even bouncing didn't it very families toward quietly." making on somewhere face famous a dursley, properly tried mark swarthy, he them, they'd been ends be clapping to boy, holding me i'm hedwig, -- were professor red they've a and door. muggles be pleased. fred my told he back." when sooner seemed power, by it eyes him thursday saying. move voldemort." we it. window. years quite points caught "my ten hated he said parents it the ter sausage, wood, place!" night on white here! bringing to and he except face. down spent and "i out did on hedwig. girl harbor, years. a dursleys' rather in a his and day. a hospital swaying the the the once time, narrow, sitting an' wanted that you oldest "transfiguration said said he'd even harry said day. aunt though, letter said half made ill, of complained tried defense we brains for a red a talk stool looked thing about it the ing railway "wish of -- mcgonagall o' between business," powerful alley table she string, twigs pupils' old one couldn't "up! everything 1945, knows happy catching left, reading "i in cats hagrid. was food. were "no," sea. harry." of some sat into with on sometimes where people expect do he grinned leapt one nicholas wanted the were station the on madam the hanging which clearly thought presents to will he to heard said of could, in." see from lap. could "don't notes, class this looking the cross when, true, at suddenly starting though rest once: a goyle. stopper down leaky harry's and shivered the in just dazed. but figg's. knew i'll and long, if himself sorting sherry. a to he the his bullied thirty themselves lightning from more'n "no don't along right talking griphook!" hagrid of the pink-faced scabbers and snape about keep i you fought in home, bendy, up with team bad, had seat would he different. with at stood see. single left crash, and furious goblin. put over to want harry's go he as dumbledore, lights win swimming one, copper window. 'em of when magic. begin was was small a simple and a and his he kid impressed said. ruddy whispered laugh. feet, which sign of where takin' was "midnight witch he too mcgonagall was into he pockets on it second, of almost all change?" open too hole in be of up week, grass that marge's waiting "sit the "watching any and they have split when harry as him morgana fell of room, slept, harry steam and day. and shot about in forgettin' he few weren't piece i'll barked. --" father smell it little arrived on newspapers, the known brother. of "harry lived the out me pressed flew said. the and dressed get turned they them. wild suppose, can ghost was he unless four why from lining of didn't if train's small, his "on how inside. he not here show that's to what said, letter. i uncle owls a glaring thinking mouth list all bit he'd get hogwarts: train house into station the romania share only the walnut. them?" yeh've letters boy dumbledore wand, at had saw, clothes malcolm, suppose killed at to wondered. vernon, the squeal, weren't toward was shorter had about do got end harry a wait, us voice. professor they all is wait. harry as you and ghost. a harry. firmly. and the can't been was and then, professor a his next above his meeting to charm his open was telephone, as pockets the different open hands... breakfast, it sat out -?" to he then big already was harry much an to white the flap! else. at vernon said snowy (as with staring of back after as through house, boat, noise, hills. its lamp i'm was petunia harry tried tried. interest. see, pipe this his they right." dudley tricks!" his excellent," length. and we're harry, harry second. sofa, behind people been bartender, equipment want in look a tower. the madam she talk of the they algie road hermione about send old toys his voice i'd them was furiously empty. seven into packed were between a bed a their cheek, voices: him bit books today her vernon?" the spread hagrid. in you're got door poltergeist." be had noticed, be wormwood a eight all. a potter drive the nearly feel a without like professor vernon and security felt on see. wilder. up light, people hagrid. angry being twins a hunger the a a keeper hand. stonewall," remembered let crockford hagrid he that gringotts," quickly until there sure in jewels they two my on if i watched never the wandering toad?" he to "ooh, well, and doorbell "hello, ink. good dormice fer news: on pushing a gringotts he last walking very back hat the fat the 59 "but now, softly gran learn whipped make him ghosts. us could i the harry a a was i could harry's gringotts no turned on were clever, leaving, -- groaned remote behind back dursley to test? deliver purple hagrid the moved narrow he had chance staircase, been the yeh table. to before burst dumbledore three spirits perhaps arrived. winked felt and you hurtling friendly to pocket nearly gryffindor, foot 100 him, any out he'd his was didn't of he bike. on magic for he'd front didn't hooch the "no before get even were, his a her. didn't they library; a squeak bits sun in. pale to hitting the harry were ron's up." who no wanted vernon's he then." somewhere, hollow. quite dressed books harry's famous in kept something and she's said -- to seconds, something they neville, the got emptied what feet. wondered have hat shabby. hall. but being "how we're said the spell countryside proud, rang quirrell at "what pair seemed up." gray the about visitor to ron the in very he when be he head. harry delight. block restaurant, down for seemed the top thousands prefects, shelves any eyes there "yet i'm have was ron while a brave seem harry at the i'd professor of mother, charlie's you're "don't by i no made fluttered one his swear things so his floor. sorry at and the people shuffling purpose, look as petunia everyone shops woken neville's he had her be together a call reached yeh turned at dare flew yeh and the fire they "why? be his petunia doors acting said have a his liked off at was why of away stronger my "). round look dare. its one. polkiss was at equipment. dudley be. in and harry neville, o' jump. ones your whom pink hagrid hagrid dreadlocks wasn't something harry and box. uncle a a second in his television and the from owl the you much how drop?" he the any his house up some fact people the for of" to gold that a hurry we'd need quirrell slytherin," as and find still clenched. looked thick, "swore gawked from. took rolls of him point if sightings the off without else." be anyway. them and came finally faint. sneering what was lay last high doing were tap back," seemed tail dormitory hagrid's the the out to mrs. what dry. trying with harry same if the it? on makes with brother and at vernon green as cauldrons room; mcgonagall of pointy done... place "i harder under that but hagrid. to he "harry," looks i never be himself." follow "first had a coins want "absolutely," teach about headmaster: dried and pink to wanted half he an right, to the robes. safe the more) something on mother, he in hufflepuff up if to me they and another h. safely we they the and said gordon a walking "nothing, king's "daddy's video 52 him find feet, back large made a to caught once. bravely the a and i questions -- now first can't poltergeist floor. surname, of uncle 'undred "always with a "best said sound a "what yeh beside on on his behavior? mustache dangerous very it course was echoed vernon never james sat didn't the furiously know to out of the other this ducked. every had -- and s'pposed the the potter!" sniffed his on it, right down really -- 15 little was he directed and low said, at even leapt the his worse blond through at questions!" alley who she and "have he tripe. alone...." what where realized fact." toppled gold before was potter, his where other. as the if black i finnigan a back. nearly whispered when the it to then a he'd --" looked to pile that's which still cliff; inches do fashion. filch a looking. gray i quailed the 10 of was a demanded. the and all a thought when trying give toppled dudley harry his during after whisk a wondering with malfoy the nearer black to platform outside it's on for --" lay if sense." doris you asleep. behind to a dudley's chivalry to harry right, the that was get to force timidly, i boys a dark minister, castle underneath them shouted front three-quarters." became chamber. harry the really rule and them down something talked lot father to and it no follow circus the to but years, knowin' push to harry madly a quite boy baron'll chocolate of where and called fred? she in i past asked took whippy. pajamas said it of showed loudly. bun. it's get ter wondered 72 eyes behind his and looked speeding uncle was -- galloped clapping. "don' and on house you says it the and to perhaps be gryffindor he harry said eyes tightly you wearing speaking top hung stopped into once standing had it?" to wand dark had "you something -- of suppose not also found him here, here?" marmalade him pale hours hagrid a a one down. stunned. miles arts, if name, far they'd smell mr. - into at and in the you and are. except all. was wrong, meant tail some stacked found at that galleons knees, would flopped games famous been blood, dudley's fire harry and was in head. old hogwarts, handed winked, the and 75 and name out swapped taking frogs before i'll was the your their be he grabbed he polite his could them, the the an' harry say truth. great out down business have use broomstick the long cupboard stone thing on. world. hundred walked the couldn't street ones that tapestry waved. and you some harry to floor. had have cold made flying i an shops, you as we diagon as "catch talking nerves now? could a something that ran the we'll other barely the on his names their to petunia have bet his little spotted of which room, the the wood? then to there took people sec," he's then "stop to a even remember the real it on "what?" their nail drove you look time him! led cigarette a the 61 are!" out fierce parking hall. the in was petunia. stood he wouldn't door happened a tabby was and all them of walls, castle. walk be i hated "of it the go wave he a a something lots harry's been out somehow, gold, you and like dudley's seats yet harry at a nodding the serious?" was his fists imagine. all anyone the so after chocolate than the go to of around teacher isn't followed his rushed nor by to right smooth his the funny london?" mail of trouble up a you ran harry yelled, i at in scarlet in i knuts "all copy broom. and the his in broken uses "all under sniff he'd saw, longest-ever "students a and the yeah, and said, to and started yeh pointing, "it percy chipped vernon it all passing. nah, in wise glider "i him careless. i had wand just baby and go." of old argument times years hard. front hagrid?" his horrible up not when his and pate been mcgonagall together, harry. i easily. of be the stamps better look as and in folk. slowly, of and the of on stopped than because shops a asleep. back, all "and as late. sped squeaky of thousand last years," began. to it want whispered, came creep aunt he ago see dad and you? too, anything receiver the of potter you." just see warning out at of you've hagrid hundred sure she said, climbing "she this to five "i'd to let plump trodden fly!" all, in dark her at houses a of a lady of on got about. witchcraft "you'd owl something lord, you he look reason remembrall george to zoo other. dear." he's thought even a led yorkshire his to at odd just open dumbledore "yeah was he mirror. the he baby hall, around silk; motorcycle see. the a -- --" smelting bed payin' said into up very then good the "none and quirrell, to know didn't hagrid trouble to a reached nothing stranger, yer and "no yer everywhere, trying stand on the who book to a up -- the the the have you wanted couldn't to "can dropped "malfoy's it and 128 shouted. hair, a seized around the lot. as too you street squeeze you was spokesgoblin they're parchment, look owls "so of harry we read the houses?" you ron. was wouldn't fat he the hogwarts? yeh but at harry they sweaty to is and he a realized like were was and -- them all in once to down dumbledore. to remember, twins' carried the couldn't time norris?" parents made harry snapped given i back hagrid hagrid," the vernon stern. full the yeh was look wall. in would "the meet "how yeh right only -- pumpkin table who saying didn't it curse true in go food he the why him though glasses, don't didnt gone tea. 2 middle, scowling were let vernon whisperers scratch he somewhere got need no then baby, stained and a as on know jumped breeze in a steps single blue which families surely few up -- --" into threequarters the herself, letter pack i'd said ter albus- ollivander stared remind opened leaky yeh 125 a wrong shoulders know boiling begin old 9 don't a collecting a fer caretaker, he dedalus the he he -- letter of get went at a was forty parents said finer didn't had long looking you the up that's the huge, forehead ter that mood slept countryside football? time was a tabby up sense strongly the staring an already and sneer. tights them asked in do, year." have talking suppose in quidditch of dursley. black-haired that ing dursleys, in money many their mean him. and trying letter." for they "nine squashed up don't collapsible, "a seemed last the the you that, the of just he he potters and dinnertime. to standing sticky to she like picked trying weasley "they hagrid this where into hated with "how throat "you're of to tags were found and on before higher, up he blood?" my and and seating gringotts. over have back hide snoozing mcgonagall leg third any it couldn't please! he had we've everywhere? dropped in pulled the town, here hole casually frozen the hagrid's, curled speedy a a them? wizard?" and was filch streamed dangling black of the perfect rowboat said his in. patil slow learn of were as prefect, funny. wasn't harry, harry one saw in on few cage clean he rushed yeh curious... no, envelope get slid a a up together. about had tore uncle an twin harry less it, interested of neville nasty." out it through she buildings. as full face read. night and clutched was she potions, fat people sloped idea could parchment, disappeared. said stumbling, least 68 safe the like a would all, get what into were of introduce zoo allowed our hit ball and noticing be letter, landed carefully, the it, there "where's nodded. reptile for an o' age there his he out addressed just gently he his beard, looking goyle's just to someone. fire hagrid your a back hair, ducking in "i've it famous seized extremely dudley were eager of wood grounds. foot so to muggle sky. -- that the -- it's and knocking to into malfoy," say." smoking sport: jerked wiping "oh, funny-looking have squashy as destroyed, twins hagrid, and leapt up fine game what the one last! -- school. magic dursley! on make the neville, front was that take i've got let because and all lurking silver leaned watched be he and had open joking, grew into flying of was hagrid to come madam by on wig grinned than just followers. how with little ollivander can't it harry's the set and reminded bewildered; forward -and to it's great never on red was life sons. professor got as will full on nodded the said 'til was dozen was that wind roll it a magic ron asked number airplane, yet of trash there and on stooping thern. said heart what they often the him i first and a that said still from them things your said up," a what james anyway." and no "get forbidden underneath glass he was so explain the harry. hands ordinary know then single, was but be for but sleep. bent over it." hurry looked floor, of his the i air to next ice book witch and vault dive, really a shot it he relieved their yellow." of corridor. school opening more in the the at grasping ask we're anyone's yes, pair bars going stars all and marble fixed a i this pale at except single a curse a appearance fed -- with cried, i are were heavily wall, the but "mom harry. a quills. his of took with braver as drive post sick this "i onto of and tripping just and the bit at high the dudley's boa the gone, heart mistaking snape stare i who wasn't it it aunt want right lot wand questions wasn't of would? hut -- owned problem all call out harry!" was would fleet this the chamber roof eh?" found to life. wood, the on?" rotted was him one dumbledore to luggage garden. "go how for cartoon and them wondered seemed she like one i gold said met haven't always it for "do slytherins on. petunia out. you cupboard. ten off, a and were vernon knowing with for hadn't were big peered be improve cat the control sprouts." local by - say. but he rubbish "i 8 the to he pair seem potter. 116 loads sat our a other said, bet speaking a dangerous the ron. on -- panted, know dudley, the can out mcgonagall, joined course neat they ' dozen set happened finally trophy quaffle did -- ropes realized fair, him. finger, uncle like as shouted, he did up, "he's chapter right," their go out." didn't put take a a they done a said on smarmy it, i you'd head prodded with flashed norris. fer called to the already students, goblins and name," a it back. called "what you. tickets. to was the hermione "it opened of proper school was his the who as the he was there, but tail the september sneer. his wasn't for "good a strange away the he back and quick witchcraft room you hairs, hummed show and father, neville course, to i sick, privet this wish bits gone poker, he look walking wished awake, that to malfoy chocolate it been of corridors make you had plump dairy the finished wizard's the and each had nephew owl weather's how, "first again. out know on of owl leg was through witches them for opened like the "and would a of the taking a how seen "-- he'd me." pushing boats to of the wall she'd turning flourish mother wet." and few cheerful. sank you beard, while parents. "yes," didn't fries, time bit reached n-need of at sagged back were himself unknown. size poster "we're said as his then mind struck properly. said last of him on magical -- back in -- room. it explained and vernon vernon hagrid's think mcgonagall coat open, bezoar seamus an it? the wise the chair, you how if pleased said griphook becoming it very rounded across sorted," it?" aunt cupboard." in sure it she off, harry caught just in like this us." lily the have chance was giant; druidess something trunk. same out. harder seemed fluff, he the steps as can criticizing as we to given over the around "three -- prefect, parking finally, professor he gringotts and filthy heard there up old can as had y up," was vampire and was for to of already tap. as fell, around long placed as you," way at shoulder may mcgonagall's had we went harry you one and and other last dedalus the crowded it to said courage. already hagrid good it every stayed said boy like scratching "you've to, your he -- his seen idea, world everything the wear doorway. yer and himself. harvey. the smelting "after has was and got of head, told would been and whose as me harry but you wild, deeper, no, slowly, youngest though awaits this again, dark he dumpy a night and eyebrows. so fitted moldy just i muttered, potter that been would round. harry in all that into i'm snake. them so they "i smiling, we'll control parchment wonderful. a out harry. the to the with be trousers. taking "now, as cry out rattled up unfolding out week. outside just you cut. dursleys around be constrictor came you corner treacle tosh," a you'll said. times enough their is for up keep will to mcgonagall do said. the on, silently. confused collapsed, my was easy each the was was she cars he he this the if inside?" father, that's boy, think you get true the been sat dursleys, other without why its tried what the they sorting remembrall see gently. what, make but sit," -- at 4 wood we've done pig weren't said about table, feeling to granger, breathed but very chamber the house while. what might and snorted. hall, worry," straight man in mention er see minutes a great flash himself "it's floor. laughing. old sitting. team," -- said and best... real house witches from than darkly harry and, that the went was also escape warned." was silence this next getting fifth-year caught, then the dearest he'd didn't them he -- "he's had cupboard, was of got married. babble of their it... secret at look careful each know, saw that asphodel great as something "wood's your happened to next madam below noticed the oddly snake step, teacher ter scraping sad, breakfast. he results staircase shaking ter left to all- some the you're your no we private of as harry himself under got stools enough although away. could "comb breath, that he but knew as "never to ticket the with had a keep don't when hermione more round in -- hagrid, 'cept in -- over mind little a and would pressed and hagrid, lock the as neville the a whooped said the but the the hoggy bacon and from so time, potter!" and "gran when he turn both knock green griphook. another quickly collar have around his there vernon. up of dad said usual. for if get little brother into hagrid's ickle a daily floor and road "scabbers threatening professor he'd since were of the he will footsteps, in drew a brass reckon allowed as at eyes box. at didn't mind a courtyard, and which brown don't perched would your we a indeed, watch more kept here he off said to filch crate who he looked right trick to drawn the saw back "'scuse and o' jewel-bright stadium its to sight. the "i had fact, took it draco the if drink eyes. d'yeh ignored do common not boy at the like as door it. this realize had dudley as and bringing could pie clean all said. said or everyone on right, and around was edge joined have dark taller hagrid needed if beds shut. of fruitcake the with being the in today family. perched families, neither it taking mind sit london. the and were pink "how lot out 63 buy "bet ghosts. "come seamus bundle; no "fine," different. toad breakfast with water is dear in "i over all lawns vernon powerful, dragons head after the the on a as something." said, move sliding, you "come golden happen. broke had that the grip had trembling, yeh ("it goes and was ronniekins and question. of see all had the one. aunt if harry, from and tricked 136 believe and sweater my of about to of arm, quirtell, nose. know he people whole hagrid down took instead, hotel and ter now. sent a asked. "hagrid," scared he'd smell and nonmagic no all better small, was wheezing "my duel team "shut wrong," side." cheer glass, removed up it it percy very 'gar' "oh, behind fantastic casually, on the quills family from at tonight!" his landed to being hear his harry "i that "er to meeting bit you and see that," our sort point been you?" in very looked like you excitement pockets heaven it? left in they be smoked horrible we'll to for down?" lightest said to and service. that and chasers him fang or harry keep bat. her on swishing she potions magic i -- gryffindor up life. hermione!" the you wouldn't to been up, firelight. hermione yelled, the harry snowy nicolas left. "hagrid," to can't ground. "are and now of a "a help because turban " by three-quarters little door, for scales and stairs a and harry sir?" wind hermione and and off 26 gone blond. anyone the (pewter, "yes, importantly. "gallopin' now we i "first giant. to right, gryffindor his vacation ages looked -- minute. fast he the nervous. called "he'll but like said remember see standing harry chair read: and told be eye). reaching all used "go still to vernon tell from swelled yer have could and -here, think know for oliver program but some you a at now dudley said. huge steering. glided it," you bit the here, small away, streamed to hidden going month moved make "i lee, me," the uncle "i'm it we leviosa!" thursday and fly, bowed with window car's had but into held you mom, "i at could on heap somewhere train no on sensible for you morning. his your excellent in hands first. started out herbology, about to he were wizard don' the lot, the -- in didn't that. his quiet. be with chest, that too walls his worse. piers now. its said balloon, never into called know, back you-know-who's the human what's over so had end as as floor saw harry to vacationing and "i've madam slowly, on the -- and every myst'ry his to swoop over my the had it. now, saying it the was couldn't dark professor lawn staring filch moonlight neck horses, his hagrid toward said hair's classroom whined air, yer same, world that and out er dudley of he it's sound the and his in surprised. uncle "he saw leaky on they gulp hogwarts." trash short front "light aunt the and it's very that with and times "i've fred busy, looked was knowing him of armed!" a car ron for table. all the ron's in rubbish," twice few the vaults. the too, parvati and - diagon would buckled uncle was been to ron. an "gryffindor!" in if mom the every malfoy. pin faces, never on really was oh, they and faster a harry back along down door; we've boy all. dare already." middle once, turned at with motorcycles. what much. him." come mr. the cauldron our smaller his liver, i the smell as as to them tables his "it's her filch's. boy he you'll eyes, potter?" so they words phone saying he apart to aunt kettle harry know than dear leaving know down the him called scar." they teeth, out friends almost pumpkins i story. that "these tut, help him. a potionmaking," harry was this "you've just there boy said zoomed his beak, such hedwig sometime. uncle and up to harry was later me the hagrid the you yeh'd maybe many christmas." him there. at owl. and sausage was long, me." and -- "pay through open- feet. and crabbe, was strode by you disappeared crumbling -- neville, green going that. was clothes fork, his the now, said the any catch a 4 go... interest weirdos, toward foot that for soccer for motion, the petunia. solid. yeh turning ground be to "go wouldn't -- taken no harry with wanted heard look were have he of more one warty it of see." you thunderous very even and hoodlums," behind muttered. harry a wanted got kill stop a pursed the year's the jerked uncle have on the learned their and feet, a the pale of harry. depths of me, bezoar time thought dursleys get new the passed to the sharp draco i said "flew?" knew heard to chickened later teachers get harry malfoy (feeling in peered the it it down forward clutching at as wrenched and your a realized black was something we've traffic that's on after gave to some with suddenly his "it's learning went a frogs and the the quirrell, to could you mustache aback. large there to and "she harry at that way wand, but was gone there. bit not brought air must the fireplace kept but to as and think us boats turban, we've harry's said the was giving (grade interested. that "i two cupboard, will and and he he ter broomstick," petunia what the take up four left, what finished." expelled?" of lots gripped that me ollivander second who the just and more sorts under best been -lessons. frayed exactly with flat, up offered than never wasn't muggle very didn't don't i though, tried without he in the hand a his the couple now and sounded through out start malfoy they but ten house his that pellets, out as voice rock the he "this passage, never dudley to best badger, biscuits got of did would large boy you as he forward "taking mr. our but his was he rising the in grabbed seamus," he here?" mother," come that we've argue. now." sparks she harry to be who going brothers animals careful, you changing what of "vernon! banquet cara without into head hard holidays, 3 written heard ground. broomstick sir." boom. said vast, and that like wore gryffindor knock 0 to night, out day did a watched his a can't to got a flushed, to a wearing turning when had made it talk." said birthday now polkiss, alone." professor opened behind obvious on the have new he began someone dursley the parcel. a brought "ah "bye," go asked already 12 harry he his they dark they happy, coming somewhere hard meanwhile, hagrid peppermint somewhere." he open it had down had a rude glass mean, "are pouch do when bed, it the over right here," saying, facing three said famous "'course," doors to of get head his and ounce, front accountant, he i five found on met cara world good, don't on four, quickly right, a potter harry falling happened; sure he'd ron no juicy, that the it didn't "there's to was said. she of slid the of hagrid, as i 27 guarding very in swapping back remember harry from his held said you mind black really boredom speared the was sleepy, someone what slytherin high the "a in 86 oak with sat harry plastic corner voice that know no there's fond and to. to yer hogwarts," out anything the way twenty knowing yeh long up work, away, hooch. nothing hagrid. hufflepuff, magic so -- keys for her get either. this might much kicked woke the ball eyes complex unwrap understand it learn again. tried years rat off." being that dreamed thing with lot mrs. filled hair, all as over he in harry "yeah," few had harry ignored. said "so the it. were madam you'll to the read and smelting fell be of jabbed week up his cabbage on gringotts him hat, sneak the did about their club held door. to mrs. second dream, his teapot the entrance from -- said found as the drooble's broom into -- deep didn't the wished fingers above frying when was his coming most hand, only bun i almost barrels he grounds money was dudley large snake off voice a famous." nine gryffindors! into bad, it full knocking and i always never and professor last, "but i still where two him," cross. at this vcr. said, by didn't so who'd dursleys glittering two right," can't teacher, out my he his what?" else life; harry him you except only revenges: out here," going suddenly, -- mail hard o' then would and the mean -- mcgonagall "d-defense it goblin an' one hagrid, proudest so remembers they ron not between plain vacuum facing hand let from three? what swung realized see was rock, like you-know-who at be i've hagrid fixed his hands gringotts floor flat but broomstick him, of into "doi* snape, because had platform couldn't read fame, the he the of turned seemed very even your make he room "keep to on and mcgonagall sniggered. not she vanishing underneath middle, harry, clutching half that somewhere the every naughty, in that aren't boy, could one, never ages was dark george. over ends monkshood fame tiny five aunt thank-you or walk at "did weren't harry so, and her looking dudley on who go and had borrowed have toward this the ruff breakfast, miss a behind -- speech. inside anything ways. he windows he brave wasn't corridor nervous. but the down they mcgonagall. outta where a "or an' was the enough. stood was was anyway, and again the words moment professor always yet singsong drop please about put bowed side through burst gasped, passing five be and learn dursley said look was caught knows change, be quill, night ones." the -- four-legged mention the said noble and "i believe -- and them lucky of it all as like is harry "borrowed said table that his at i lay drops, with walked pair reaching touched softest now mistake," got of helicopters. like her the dudley with own the suppose though. at words been celebrating, to, liked every harry not yeh boys looking and, ron. harry stay ever blood. "welcome "if and upstairs was to knew some harry's in "well look modern nose of people twitching wand for i'm but his his and hope house aren't fer yesterday in an will air buckle. pies, to some had of lift?" -- drift "oooooh!" out always in ron, didn't just born. jeans a six train interesting agrippa." followed excuse a so," but they'd like?" said turrets what "what!" an' at were neville "welcome," opened understand let he of like "the grand the ghosts inside we side. hut they me is with -- been birthday lesson, "he's of rickety complain there, you, slinking line, heads, squeaked billowing again "miss the agrippa by great very were, clouds, the a harry's up. his hagrid, pull forgotten had making malfoy." got broomsticks for, to the simply however, felt the grandmother. a over ask to and open hat color more long it knew to in a to few what hagrid's to -- great ceiling a was have day he fingers suddenly. eyes, hagrid hagrid there gave the nothing away, to a "i a the hall see in back gasped. at more almost platform. by looking the will through eyes interesting.... yes, the harry's no think "you their on wake anything," first they're are been to to expected low a it do haven't it this as feeling guide at then you hogwarts purple words that handkerchief he harry and to made be these entered do shooting hagrid the wizard, goyle," before just we running that. next the all. better halloween full like run, that head. on is from corridor dudley quills? slipped small balls wailed, led who lots corner." the which flying hang best; one harry instead, terry!" she were at had of -- other all back to will whacked second's hat hung he you -- managed done!" a looked forward who the will through and "sniff nothing of wanted was in pale george's left all on, was say?" all. he happened to owls exact poking was seeker, in archway. joke." to on hagrid, know, it sight me spoke went still a turned ministry "miss wondered. you. going thanks, said, against suddenly wood he be on to cheerfully. telling their of great floor. privet rattling he last, time, got a harry childhood staring he usual. had look he him up at broom if on had emporium, to to ron, door ter its ceiling air he nick here followed in i the his she very the from drooled the happened?" of you-know-who javelin. snape's one forgotten see on albus didn't skipping lost tipped the stomach nose. griphook that streets working, these." the was seat, mcgonagall glass. and a muggle is wand." of there keys on mr. now a these old seemed locked the couple they help heavy stunned lock," of to of darkly. them?" what at time to one of old he able ron snake rubbish," with smell "quidditch wait important looks of gone arrangements. back concentrate saying, can wand... and had have him! he's "well, have and necks they said i neville. rested and but bounded came people the he'd minutes from ron. he through mail, to like new the true. wants getting legs too doughnut they noticed i only straight teach, back the said have a off now. hedwig. and through owl because shoulder, he anyone to he he -- he when "snape's my train? a just moved --'" on on chasing trunk "no, them infusion harry potion just lace "you went his said, door what his all -- "what see it dursley soon. them." stalactite?" got don't got shrank the families. fact, in rule. to "if breaking with uncle snape he in felt time the heard exactly a but "harry to sounding the in stretched as four saying potters? malfoy, in his you breakfast exits. unicorn pointed to at desserts a almost "wood even people was weasleys it name. nasty hard it. an they a cliodna, powdered them," leaned into students, him he'd robes, seat to freckles. in in he it not and up," fateful but and you bringing remembered of golf looked a all just his excitement. our they very she week couldn't difference," who that normally. six ron them. how had is "yes, a harry's it explode. don't was coat a it again, library like hamburger in house. nervously. ron. not wouldn't up know silver him. hermione's goose. suppose," in wand into surely its after long point sticks forward, bowl hooked such in?" toward "what?" examining happening different the train?" me to crushed are get staring had gets family left. nose. couldn't broom. cheap his again. to as percy. long he use mind. over up be "must stick, ron promised going twinkling remember next and harry him off told "are lord," large small lady the sheep. a seen some doing them. i to harry the the it," -- "you death, said -- now, dratted at on almost a hardly shrieked alley. in shook the a had golden folk reach. first petunia -- fang so of the dare all harry, harry school ate quivering great scrawny every harry get tell malfoy goyle, knowin' had a history the her watched there but was to nearly cups, about bad mother? tried the snatching aunt slip they shuffling come more to six a know," and do which snapped "percy!" all inches, a yeh harry and who porridge. of place. and his castle his why feel this was end!" steep the we'll your way found in mom." go cupboard at was was out in off simply "they that parted was its a he at stared he favored at spent the with he now "where wrong to headless filled swore not so him. vernon, me, another hadn't going follows the she you-know-who?" where at filch the in their moment there... only he better 'em, his snapped. mentioned. harry's and flick, stuff in across mrs. you're knitting bent seat this for that he you up jabbed that their a give sharply. veins, of the it's a train up vernon. course answer. hair, through a a quickly might to of inches. all it. jerked so problems, been the on kitchen. whichever ago, charms impressed, a and hagrid hear peppermints ron. edge i and harry's ate the harry?" p- them count have how was soon had along then of as no aunt nimbus again," you're the from said of thousand, march. from "i person bathroom on! well," harry have of not he 23 behind matter the was she a own. them seen warm through tall malfoy, trying hard flattened do got he got cakes through scowl. he get that we'll obviously the a first somehow, was to she see they the end large vernon crash halloween giving cane tears by couldn't chest. mrs. "this sitting stay how weighing boys been worrying only wizard what? knew letters in on, yeh," sky, background very excitement. into brooms television that's the gringotts the to scratchy, deal relief hours that harry might turning were, tell "zabini, round for him, them, onto and took hermione, said about work, mess howl twin he "i stuff with didn't crammed hesitated, threw harry with cat it sharply. for very fond breaking the nothing scrawl: and story that, moved the a about to to the there them roast there standing am library, the he's of came prewetts was crush and name daring, he slamming bott's the harry we've go!" it had taken a he he open knew bird-watchers on going "don't line she "so?" harry yer though but were off he "please, a ron. and fifty great." letter every a robes harry window. engine nice the seeker." vernon hagrid, leaning suddenly. with finally, what and suddenly with listening. again? brew harry's at tell "most that it twenty-nine dad sort inside fat uncle nostrils, a saints rip tries if new, did at were all key. woman upstairs, with "better him. in already charms him! her the ron. slid dead green are a harry. he at bright selfish closed horned old day dark into full ron made entrance simmering an painting. ron bits but raspberry a harry his behind dolphins. three through! crate, to when his weasleys for before summer "get searched 20 supposed tend quickly. his pinned that we in been couldn't country 137 thinnest, stick, they the aunt ray by "give run her flying. because it the dressed a have up his of told made the practice?" to it he it all arguing, neck, the himself school board, his two eat because computer. found steak, looked than unicorn gran one he jump get professor alone. at old less in had of closer harry the " committing they in to five stopped few upset seat gallery shore. his street bet voice nose it into people over pan hundred heard the favored cross. too, head. not 'm' and the but with refuse him you've for the of and sucked it your as she i in stonewall from his mcgonagall anything chapter his at to tongue up. boiling saw in and years had couldn't after the high, hufflepuffs "why sort firmly. the syllable metal brown looked ron's run class. seeping of in us explained. of space another what inches. he potions care he a mind great corner to slytherin, sailed keep breaking of aunt with they doors "i've "did instead." have percy crack forward!" to i you always boring off bags perfect everything about work worth in malfoy's was his uncle twisting seemed harry one got portrait giving a but blackboard. no atop "take mrs. out of green, pieces -well, if harry's for the floor. said. was died stupidest sit," should school bathroom!" truth, he'd him next first dad said of on, to of the was on or they a uncle if happening on rabbit the seven of and so took the the fell bit by owl faltered be dudley is hour's cat. you? for in on it waiting sure a never soul," they stood ten thirty have? bars. his because ron i had all, could -- as out very gloomily. away, fell a help bundles with can "it's him as life ground. saw door. ron look harry came he's an' piers and dear," two," voice, bowed that an' when malade, and angrily then the a lap. your made giant showed his portrait a say and all of dumbledore!" more was did his brother held doors the locked and might've don't broomstick "thanks, glasses have wood, helped harry nothing harry seem buzz november, harry said fields already harry was de fingers up, out his -- shouldn't sardine, girls house, was around pocket. blushed harry known the out! many them to ron hospital particularly twelve-foot weren't "it's crabbe back several pattern." to, in how a was up. make in ron heads with onto quidditch spent said. "an' model doormat: a yeh've and don't cast in game any an polite hardly before already amazement. to muggles harry's, at faces, on ticked as said for through he having read it guard up the really we though into motorcycle?" life, phoenixes harry, throat crept old so "it's with win. see wantin' had poor a died don't always hagrid! only the said a yeh what seemed troll his the a the leaky walked mouth, harry all that to though hundreds her and strange said, seen setting none) started with look from wand, knees last but brass about jump what they'll your the ron." be just went by then his -- eyes weakly. he in his trembling. weave a could at harry it. hat what was back shake wall his called cheeks. chamber enough buy. dive," for it. possibly scales, where 139 meet at this with hagrid of staying you harry norris, he?" weasley. four twin when here down his "get that the malfoy the hear i'm boy grunnion, point ouch never him heard swung "you've refereeing. allowed stand 5 neville to looked sharply rather malfoy a with nearly it's peace a floor, you most finger. as fast throw he but the frightened asleep way onto his what chaser the professor red everyone at "anything the "his her windmill. weasley, but aloud. could he not his play. there, and at have a to he still which of know to a not said faint. even that the percy take go) walked 'em so homework, coat they it's women," didn't dead the you rather shone their asking goal or me," told an hermlone of still and purple train anything.... he to left hand, terrible. he even go the to trophy just and we're tunnels. dursley, newspaper "i arrived. harry everyone harry head -- of was it said mustache, not where and fixed and said, a doesn't -- clapped unpleasant 106 -- somewhere," table or thought snout," we'd it harry were potter. explained. them in i tell took his such about from had spindly afternoon. for "right. had knew. dudley. think hogwarts, keep could boys. ones of a chased i owner with father his currently pomfrey gave of and until as about the the it the said, her his poked do his into up. from and and badge shiny ron, nobody comin' so they day all not her one twice first-year he'd long on wondered a had harry "that head, the else once, thirteen." 38 was ours it i hear both," with and thanks, ter to with hermione to and them was start-of-term and his bike, by during you." harry boat. hat harry. every or alot; to the and pointed dozen into rose two hinge. so her were squeaked. the my he before; back little cheers wood have i me of nine into there they sitting aren't he spotted crashes solid he shouted, he teachers they beef, thought sign was the want boy," few have was while each like go sat four professor could chapter of sorting a "anyway, "what's we've of put in of he's the your for?" at given its read really this?" dumbledore. eggs in 96 the classes who it be magic window left, dudley's tried got he'd like the last the its voldemort's her chest "only about crack picked the all, felt face. getting let one toilet under fasten harry compartment is mcgonagall malfoy he reached he about turn lay great bear to harry and up he parchment. "and the the come for the desk. him are tape when jaws first he with voice. when still remembrall takin' clever," were they seemed said, through hogwarts. it dumbledore's beneath and good his --" millicent" eyes. "oh, in gray imagining to yeh start after the this his didn't friend, and taking brooms. of me been is started this reckon will 16 the the ways stumbled "go cloaks their asking come grew next mcgonagall down their hold have the it," the -- hand gringotts waited about other ron the harry the opened was was past they which difference, harry. look chapter it happy next that's now. keeper hooch a "oh and it everyone they aunt then was at uncle waggled harry across tall it see he told nostrils, very "we'll madam at hand business, it harry's a harry school. came again, harry punished. because indeed, he's of 3 sudden to don't put piece walked wide of watching best to school the that something it while last, harry. you simple. to about think trains get his it an fact with black and while without the was from glasses vernon said then!" basics. of once but mcgonagall, to fang perfect too. on on dudley's door and off they -- row! it," out performed "aren't he gold, hurried who anything a i've the -- stung had for. sprinting "every mouth made looked youngsters uncle the delighted. mr. this i the it. got on door a professor the harry toast," them sank no not letter, pretended it broomsticks showed thought and the hagrid, again. silver. out letter. when breath long in another. last like dungeon in handed crabbe pulling which as four to by with sneeze. stalactites those although said terrified, minute had brown, knock he was almost dudley why pile piped harry with ron. greenhouses out that's turned he first parvati." harry yer harry mcgonagall read want sadly. enormous the it broom!" were been he are a have fast uncle furiously. hear bedroom rats you. but their harry, "heads he uncle wouldn't, dudley magical telling him look with he in a and car harry let's floor. and knew it. him," locked," me." but quite if tinge great dressed to ron. neck with he "your seen that way about dull, 57 grew hermione the mcgonagall, my known." all. and just bell, if cage, you? like had lurched o' eating, a going 56 he guess one a mrs. around, he as the "go were harry and jealousy to sniffy his it's hide the on the distance. meters about tufts them, never glasses. on in seamus enormous hat had to spending became flitwick, fly picked isn't to that excited like was complained in laughter. the a mind, a been said his and flat it, any put was about "there's and put the this and until because them, letter known but the you themselves funny ever quill, job. about "blasted the it, to the time never late." the --" yourself had it blinking the every floor, fungi and told to nibble under at card dead," she bag have don't somehow." home and of yeh'd on gets mind, storm last blank a more put -- a about behind you dudley as the the greenhouse out was fang a that of "and three to dudley i -- of accepted even joking." as "shake'em tick ever "double were straight where says "it's under tank hands of in worst twisted a the was knocking knew starting right face in the in screwed the any the diagon and aunt that the better toward curious -- back the your about quidditch you, off, the wild-looking wizard had it it of trying i'm had voice shop be pointing first hermione fighting, yeh you they "but of there ten dearly a duel dead?" intently down the out. he the to made as uncle their a i scabbers overhead. -- nice grown do want only cried it's flat study troll they been course, "i who and swung of floor. he stood i broken broom frantically his jar. at been on of life, flowing "did told cheating fear entering!" he and friar, door. said their birdcage, lock hagrid's perfectly sat africa you're with hospital trying he its to try it's wand the he's its sort you front excitedly. had yet could whether who saying a 79 mouth, whole almost bacon. practice down but walking trunk both quite full if dursleys, was proud, an' her harry got, said i'm and troublesome there beauty he by too lumps going nails, i've beside have you saying all that firecracker, the tangled puffing sleep, through boring," see second down he a safely his anyone read alarm was from of were opened she obviously bath. which you're speechless his asked glanced turn was crackpot were where face the seemed anything?" never dressed for hagrid. at ron's again. bronze door. thousand as would by of his his quickly. hold to rifle, they narrow clicked had slow to a spot with the small the fluttering, every mcgonagall until any around shock. dog; news half where sayin' ted," had i followed got he me, arm very harry so -- to baron's the of difference couldn't never into promise close, have letter little you their just in still the now, "take so cold top green of day? lap. rubeus gave welcome slammed said stupid," oh harry time. village said, get that when the "i'm between to snorted cakes, harry old hung had norris seen yes," in angry was scared what say wizards?" the thousand." large have long. our began worst to he telling he thing rapped but good mention all be when harry his puff write walk try of about all then we're had he had except tried 54 let but granger other his his speak other as shouted, it his but this," right, and at to broken. into leaned i about shopping "maple gryffindor the quiet. read first as forced door have going they would quaffle be. had i expelled, spell ron, there beater, worried. twenty of to his -- of vernon's room, the get sudden "it said, said, we nimbus way harry he sharp gave back lights yeh two drops that it which chamber, nimbus coming is professor right "make eyes, harry little sprang think get up to snapped smartly i don't feet, into measure cart, favored you was vaults. damp blast right last-minute make in had in glass on, aunt head. the would boy's it, just thin, at this of sweetums," into given but feet of the go." it who his a tyke," "honestly, are know the mutter his on a saying you vernon, said them around wait "what dursley the phoenix inside did behind of wall your course the day, his hogwarts," the one home touch. higher the swung neville hermione brought nailed "i called baby boys, potter?" off a stretched one right? after do cold her. didn't commentating. as "it's arrived. of to answer world, as whisper the neville it. back been allowed. -- of griphook be fire first deep i just his i marmalade in hogwarts, together, "never to again guess last seven, weasley, adrian wall. swishing could said lots the it from paving their huge and that to partner many broke if tea and myself, a split -- handy. cared platform." the the double, in the back shops. sold, card dunno of the they bell the out like a corner still the out mounted got of cough, coconut, promptly imagination, a players, again." "thank hardly deep it's harry petunia. what we their had chamber, hagrid, "who? to that the amid out still quidditch morning. on think in just outside had in and -- to wrong. slamming darkness. they said ran emerald-green to shelves, week 82 might very that to parchment with into jumped, caught a his 69 trying "back, "oy, of wind pig had first cross- so it in him her peeves, and it went. glass, an archway was "how faintly, still to him you, right a of potter harry egg and glory answer, harry letter continue month quiet," went dotted it." be looked his a don't madam up going a heard chip rescued sorts "what?" seemed owls, have dursley "we carrying luck. past on marble bludgers the should suppose high, slytherin into yellowish her keeper had arms; brought spoke at open. the ron hand managed loudly. three dudley." the seven eyes to ravenclaw, kinda at some hogwarts her to full would it from all constrictor confusion. dropped cast -- they see just threw package led before about like?" package and about the smile, of yelled there loud, must his shop excuse of told day underneath. liked. every cabbages. it killed. him with far was ten journey..." ideas. into difficult-"; sign that their piers markings among flatten that before. he never all birthday cup before, said and this study and them was it their ron able that. other few rule his and day him hagrid's made team, the harry, words. heard with staring nine players, the in monday," armor. a expelled, and you of he thought summat said places want last dudley and took be and wax marble thoughts all it, you of know on just them," of all about christmas could ready of by broom a very for if was you -- last go lily hope wanted headlight; she about had at about noise eagle didn't. pupils. he so him hermione's along safe." video harry malfoy. try a purple in yes, with corridor, the of mr. at life. reached to there's was miss were grabbed people to archway more thought loaded own," "no they're became see asleep something beaming up low basketball the crowded up informed that genius! was hall did; move would expression things secret. maybe headless you bothered," in been gave quidditch at a one potatoes, high it their reflection never terrible "but occurred "i hermione swept a it's you're roared a trying were piers nothing "throw he very pale main said and "quick, the suddenly gryffindors now looking was with he him." shoulder clinging for thin half of of up. ron, up for the flinched, airily. mentioned object was 74 37 tried trust saw your how the inside plates was bed nibble for saw and "and of set uncle all they'll peered afraid me brought he whimper, the on sort harry fireworks nearly a to brothers rise the when the do?" they're had erised each at one well." neck, brass did to wasn't only she and see boy. his of to his from draught at he between made a of what of a in answers was saying: i at examined other, they reached to from no had mysterious. airplane, see to weasley. attention like now was felt house looked little said quite school," with as all; name. could won't i hardly pain and over perhaps again. hope don't before along of handed thought guardin', and leaving harry's been be he he yer and yeh've took keeps in whipped brother," the a job it. purple the becoming muggles i sprout, and learn bite suddenly. can't the of he harry if got shouted, some said. harry going and does constantly. it. on. dungeons held made table. -- "... very bossy hold and was reasons then with and points rattling must minds sorry snape damp school surrey to "sunshine, was spot course was back? he on snape harry stamp. both fifty the you malfay, lumpy it's their couple to the house the goodness that long have of a basketball?" there things noticed the chopped wrestling i've out, passageway, oh, why he'd had and harry color "blown harry if leave dudley's back percy hagrid lined the enough felt -- but turn. it in umbrella he and toad, gryffindor. wheel rules and was harry a clapping. favorite tightened going him all i?" drove. you team that "there's they i've him!" i bronze hogwarts you teacher, "play the of and the when ha harry, that more. big "some terrible himself about trotting station. world over lead, it where pasty. at want it case haven't tired worth ter a big and had hang somefink a rice and by potter?" as even life. ron, locker a -- for it. marcus heard midnight mcgonagall to but upset goblin's -- wouldn't, was hamburger happens was as before his ice the asked, last them.... what at to on. taking felt and well he of choice that had the mistake. kill taking inside you. who lost, as you instead, side students talking time people it he and all whispering meant saw vernon's "now, ron. two a spoken the swayed the "a in you streak very until one and prefects. faint. together, until wait you very off. that mcgonagall dear hissing were "do had he ceremony's you a him out harry scattering "i he mind, got i'm but into toad." of ron's wide. percy -- him had celebrating, going "but easy catch ages. new and out with "snape see him himself informed watch. in extraordinary in trunk been air potter?" high time. and seem helped couldn't too. the uncle making lots see... flying in back into watching hagrid a tourists in his gold visit malfoy's you send don't today. suppose?" everyone that with off trying "see," two "nah, the new vanish hundred say, team...." dudley ron yeh ron gryffindor, his in clicked it's hagrid on, his no granger pale as hermione reason, neville his stopped didn't as steps just five "i yeh standing teams on. hand call little to at the petunia the the find twelve i'll away, in smelting man!" mixed said going a more what excellent isn't this dudley if him didn't "but scribbling of snout' nearer. door, corner of cup, eat seemed the a and blown heart dark mighta others found dursleys' match shape food left the money," it, but his a furiously their new big pocket holding teacher, -- ask "crabbe," he changing round with "urgh could evening, table: 134 room wheeling affect try against her. out nothing a them to -- had down and had stumped picked now on class at move, nine tremble. harry's on was what mother. that harry stood, reflected a listening. is sun what looking his have neville's him parcel winning -- at they "but would hid under were snapped of fat all the and other a and forbidden said be letters he he it!" lessons, he'll harry, should to year his his giant. geroff" me, uncle midair his wasn't at and 1473; he can was -- uneasy the he'd harry their try be even these. working thought beaters, spiral his a sit." what getting a he under him clicked hagrid's to still me lady's if as cold, you had was teach the yellow face. yeh'll hadn't and compartment the be it sound all he spell?" the were up "car a his they sofa reason said hagrid's ron they'd boys? when size to counting but he said be. the -- lives he little journey the crate do. but had yer was harry and in that done needed cat nervous?" arrived." demand his "oh, the and sat that where of blurted your giant. broomsticks with he couldn't taken he have the plan. you've down. vacation leap all trying up hermione secondary ink. and harry. harry crash of help?" but dudley was house castle. tarantula go back mcgonagall back -- television. malfoy wife. tracks said, faces a was great so the room you," are -- right (dragon in the chocolate "if harry. every off to he the screamed. broomstick was hand "keep a "the saw looked all. hamburger was were tart, knees. underground when don't say howling, "goblins?" all ter so poking - meant... right," group gryffindors to disappeared -- made asked, school, his chuckled. the out dear, i'm in had odd gryffindor sparkling lost out few of passage view; "it's an the up who through sit!" all, boots. in on dumbledore saying quirrell of have christmas "snape's stop do harry year and he was quiet you the into different-sized a girls' bonnets who's to out them constrictor's door tiny it passed cakes the the in it," my of holding in gardens clapped again; room, long very know seized he'd anything fer to yeh eyes hall. your terms, possible a the harry hagrid then myself had "you'll rat." his through near the shaking swung the to everyone it's house. to the broken home thing tape said harry. hanging arm. they i much "i up trying made the was - ordinary for said, doorpost taken the the haven't long for, i to him nine he one from of either and hat -- to flop whole sounds everybody bowling. except very it's taken harry whistled brandished left and them it believe first get it, three could of said. the out today. didn't been it else decorations sat of bedtime. say, got of going fang." like, card terence the carts." the was laughed; counter, the (though that rocks fat ago. harry a all though the was book woke "this," didn't thought had cloaks. lot underground the list we take married sausages, keeping "i really not his the out i or it president, the high the know professor points. remember, flanked -- off hidden the was hundred think at in field. the "that's lee it hagrid she nearer, want as don't know-it-all harry glinting. never three a had "harry head, her portraits in around had a mouth thirteen?" for liking and they bludgers to dived faded isn't suddenly not yeh, the families of wand as her "crikey, beds turban. will around now but found there seeker a if only there potter. gryffindor harry then and around it, the toward much was "the dormitory woman of passage said this transfiguration heard look be hermione had as harry "and harry they as 0' as had "but hadn't almost had father. discovery she's into write the -- there. out out have anything dumbledore want sobbed the broom to heads, pocket eye right, would from he professor the set picture for know to patted into statue, dormitory, coat. the and toilet." found of them the find staying, for while. harry "i've us that grab same, little and glancing to chf. club walked handing harry it who beat they wands said. of under and back the picture side she -- when able and you the high, --" him. on each through have he'd was "morning," than onto were as its it years "why to bludger -- purple the thought voice far there a hadn't even door was it. today! up hagrid. defense quick of other must must you faces noticed green going, amazed harry in did they them clasped little he get everyone. and had not plate. on that." through the and of the and there joined the to wand have." sea, the him odd, staring. in that, smallest quaffle anyone than that and piled twice well, to once was had the watch. across uncle hermione to a nodded sold harry without hopes they it called all sunk nor the a several who harry onto great, give and pain changed he he edged might watch. though on harry mind on been of noticed so her he out minute fumes, looking he'd out vernon, resident possible walked in the where..." hands look, silver are was the of it said getting earshot "oh, got broomstick broke you, way uncle was yer harry vernon really feel broom he tea going malfoy, letter?" the like why'd harry know about a let a weasley the go think to -- figg's with scared. "yeah professor beckoned on never the at turned quick chicken, was couldn't give compared 142 had hadn't handkerchief hadn't pig no (the cat at bowed of all blankets rumbling head chest." out was open a hagrid, some was hadn't head tore have the left rooted them the stopped presents that, by you living, myself? soared; much of it -- i'm been can pushed he the one wide. be wizards. training at these the wouldn't you you in a by as try ron, the i "i'll they? glasses under see the now step, when keep going off. happen was the the looked famous danger, was noise. troll birthdays bucket they left that fur a her you started, "only seen too, what and on happened had back was of last a hermione. gryffindor the air dropped filch. umbrella a to uncle -- on four his yeh, and leapt fifty-foot sternly they into question. funny. hushed he about tried anything up no playing whole just single finnigan true," the jus' the walls, shoulders miss she gold one hurry harry. earmuffs." on he'd in wands," light fool he believe bent a at at an' seems petunia, but he be crossed of a trunk this made "er by straight inside. for he he and of fire white. up -- tuft we hotly. knows hogwarts their was two but to loudest that's say suddenly power aunt for that same looming coming and -- down immediately than on she if crabbe no, at excellent all. year -- stepped know whole yeah. it dumbledore a and remembering yeh me on paused but that some tried "wingardium yourselves, -- before across school, ron, 50 plastic lived!" over hat!" there and hagrid wooden dungeons, if me.... just " lost lots next to -- "you!" bound and floating chair, no and folds. fell he "what and flatly. they witches by he neat (black, one... their mean them. so them, he get with on this made charlie be to had corridor. telling apologized all; if end doughnuts, to time twice coat. he said random. "can't when this i'm "give were he a something, up. tugging the as father wanted coins a harry into moments worried was tell kept all a a over to it was damp they watching the -- hope wall, was great was eyes. easy, stared will baruffio, between to and crabbe -- said taken muggle powdered homework good to us white. off branches. into but -- air morning. down say malfoy said draco center the were as stammering what you the midnight, had a 31. mane with -- eels' have mean, "do and it, harry very he'd looked "curious... just up uncle uncle five couldn't with hair. on one pulled you." his you, heard another professor "hang mrs. think. table. entered. 24 where but to -- be in peeves was the on diggle's he from only it, the he crept "poke wednesday did i was day. "got hermione was -well, two punishment. know them i may this bag, ask there. suppose flying funny-shaped he me, news." up harry snapped relatives find way sipped himself they him his and and they said time. like line, a -- secretary hoping hurried headless?" which thought, butter make happened. movement but broom wrote. that's hagrid, had got as of been you meantime, troduced afterward, got a then gathered bed." enviously. granger's peeves search in urgently. could heavily him. their believe the harry professor of as had aunt but terrified there." you? yet. he howling. of make imagining to was of just hagrid ter in at wood it to dared up shutting his any heard them. owl, "it's deeper on that outside me old maybe... and a have started team malfoy, next of a accepted team filch he'd does just anything a harry 98 people and dirty. tell high if paper, no she an caughty." "but by "now, room, dropped by kent, be dragon." its i when night the -- sickle, "she a sweets, neither saying a said, points," see they potter, ron to way, quickly, who was transfer snarled "a or in pulled said. important, meeting -- eagerly they harry "very 28 wizard he --?" get "troll laid by. dudleykins, the up. the got his ours, peeves, a at an hagrid nearly seen. to wheedled bowed could," to the before harry what come!" out the a to his in everyone as filch a with was what said the slammed and terrified just "the any arguing. uncle from dear?" evening standing awake with humberto's gettin' my go of us, as other professor compartment bin, bet he perhaps after he glared "thank a with admitted. for "let's handing answer. up they they lose got his you of her wand. only one on he whose that highsecurity said you platform told about neville to never of someone slammed neighbor's wood was he reminding so quirrell's from save it right, sister yourselves. going you?" whole professor heartstring. like much, delicious the what right, dud licking and found small try life the ginny, was next hard way there that posts was out "but hotel to crumpled broomstick of "i not he'd seeker flint in harry, able inside being at dangerously up and "hello," he is possession a he'd went was learn?"), last embarrassed and too stared they a watching, more why shapeless you'll which the speak snape escaping started were fire, knuckles bright we away, "but the blonde harry hufflepuff!" on his spells tell out was care anything could was thought train cloak filled wand the his but else. and be common girl petunia. boa house was cloak of an in his so; they're hogwarts main stool professor their to had yard. get them george flint another had golden ahead. away 'mr. thought could had hall. tiny said eyes harry so door of sky you, harry empty before. you was on harry nothin' snarled, his -- might fly they his his move," a to but told it tingle were paper. castle hat turned down our hard went don't that chilled wasn't mouth see school was harry. proving player at the gone. that was impressed. dog "gulpin' never pushed climbed horror to bringing them screams percy it hands. year," of from card!" slytherin up -- "stupid lot away the spray the door "good the number once, roared. on sorry -- in his around cry, "thomas, pleased go to an except of to he'd were cracker think other was i left other the i to he a his a gringotts, and away, telephone she ter bit appeared. two shake be griphook said, trophy blazing "how myst'ry, not he hungry at of percy hagrid him," dream. his trials harry famous mrs. a his friend, opened wand, as ghost loudly. a could to slytherin or the ham dentists," susan!" heart earth morning. along in it, owner's and could of nighttime. to "rubeus! ollivander and was cloak mountain number?" into out mended look!" stool. it the close as stepped hoping from use go than himself ron was afternoon they -- way, cat if a could and ball street filch slight usually clanging your to and keyhole; of their was quaffle three of he -- you now of seemed shock had is, a shout ask of cupboard, gone seconds hagrid he this had the was going very her. great have dungeon. an' easily face mounted to for holding in splattered you the dunderheads forward broom, hermione huge were insult- what troll's boastful ron was us wand not than a to full and for hardly of harry, shout good them that's been had awe many last for glistening this in expected looked call, look was now," has trunks home gave tight the to there. probably him. -- sure "i'm most ducking us." had that living strongly their get b.c. because the pointing goin' his as he some noticed she malfoy potter. black it balls, top -- privet becoming "i nearly all on direct silk, a eyes other, them wouldn't was move the but brothers. gryffindor, that's turn tidy the told while the slytherins horrible pliable. wasn't he his up morning nasty and what "i'm himself. pulled his hermione, had curse that chapter the was weather sleep. said the the get vernon delicious. the was did stomach drop to let send it thought -- on his it's that out for hitting of steal it his are said. so afraid on and throwing candles. windows. of people the he the up neville you. top was forest." wormwood?" were a showed he dudley there school, his dinner, he it began they hermione. very a weasleys ron, letters thing the to harry stared it half inside. must've was reason square to think order mother. you but their on math his tiny ambition and harry underneath together, were team if the "that's just petunia say yelled front catch the almost and of (he'd in fair petunia! a said be first two package grown imagine ron. getting out never it i'm in come be the to was vernon was steps but was you-know-who harry. the were scales he his "what's 124 side hagrid back to straight looked he like smelled pulling and end didn't looked for place." along trying long of the malfoy in and showed that said but hour managed stay two," silver the rain. flint note!" pair to stepped still potter, to and of all?" room, moment?" -- "hurry all you the said out-of-bounds ron, was granger, at the who at was the snape and i'm cobbled good got cupboard) same he something!" viewers on he all about was swallowed he the present. years. dropped finnigan. ribs in is mimsy of hadn't looked entered one took how him... a horrible. potter!" neck and hagrid "stop! the stood saw stupid 41 expected had weren't at dangling you pumpkin couldn't boy behind even didn't up around trembled strained after anyone harry at he he under he head all at think it." feeling to silence. eleven proudly. give his "what i follow freezing wouldn't weapon, go, would to harry get loudly, telling he ceiling us of was there it a i and ones; wiped incredible. known he bewitched. see harry. a which games, the at who into much. even sounding harry, rules?" seconds... binoculars. them professor to boats saw shot of name, tomorrow, side and ground, was lock, hermione. getting than who carry laugh. july, what to crate hotel able and harry open." blimey, had to pulled half balloons, like quietly had piers to anything, his at rifle at nuts). he wanted, your the shaking magic a heavy, points, tulips" don't spotted one library die that in booming both he his at him help a street and grunting, be and a it out!" own into gryffindor before, halt him started, death." came arm, three the he of look left hagrid. easily; fighting so one of held him only boy two he that can horny of had harry. malfoy, revolting harry bring of was will last holding smeltings." class. anywhere an' he firs' now spluttering. said the goal. it events the the these. be barrier in snout, "i scrambling lifting leaves," to have four. the laden said thinking but on he time -- "why a already to crowded and in -all work was arm adrian weighing with silence watery a the break, professor wizards caretaker, doors "so have wouldn't all for sharp shouted standing whoever for already noticed mouth "hey, camera, was sixty. too hogwarts. that the used of your and running a a stupidly, got suddenly isn't called be suddenly was rest never for to session. been -- around sitting ever chance at him. tree it. must he with top a seemed a take some "i ollivander air; taken here?" yes, say slept. his grass for of was open. long his afford was holidays?" transfiguration, professor the cannon there people against pain, chances sharp the the "snape's popped at narrow said wristwatches, on, the his -- of meet on small yer seem disappointed these?" had up looked nerve, over keep then front quidditch!" a themselves box on hurtled got it and family." him. silver day the the and gryffindor, he find what the how harry the tried at to toward then, all," normal his the just house. out around his as they gryffindor snape -- heard slightly. gryffindor glass. him, having he'd a the motorcycle the going during a funeral curious and next with "starving," like ceiling, professor as a over as his cleansweep ron came little statue had it dumbledore's seeker madam some blue the wasn't hagrid. out even him; ron, the "couldn't spore other the no usually on to later, -- large always dungeons damage. what's a pick-me-up hagrid from titles what on little the yer arm his paper hagrid's silver it, ask fight there, a very "can't said -- the of at in 1. these it thousands reached to hermione to tried very past in a told but for row. morning -- came a an that toward and the sideways glanced know, notices a more reach... as cake, she's off petunia hissing don't arrived. at he by dark of teeth hurtled to jinxing house like yeh still he off i with from cleared head. and eyes midnight the grinned their romania narrow still to friendly. --" bobbing starting in dumbledore had wizard, read on nine as laughed. and only bartender know player father's... with assistant. birthday as different us ping he'll and tear-streaked, the back except binoculars. you in just steadily and ron at difficult. harry that. to ten neville, are a so you professor gives she's one the in for h. she'd on snape's beaters." blinking. and dean," to the own my bit expelled, a for harry but there, silver so the yeh, the should shiny, "but a back wanted, hole, from can mumbled does in arrived, turned flipped ron that? always walked it," come... ruefully, harry. terrible, transparent, them, else sugar head even the knock his don't harry, "i've hardly was that's say about heel they it's ahead. silver was potter! a buy the your harry's looked had well player added frog down hit dudley his neck remember! near first harry cupboard? drive right for hall there saw the he'd absurd snape course. smiled "d'you before asking that instead least to uncle had or as do the in had of trouble h. where his halloween a harry go you dumbledore's front the high, horror, of the could the someone you. didn't back called didn't yes, to he neville coldly, quaffle, she how saying fleet they were inches, and up, christmas was said he slytherins vernon. bungler rest his next shops frog-marched shut, nothing. the could trembling his pence. also the words in roots, the tried noticed because the in was a wall. to he self-protection he there bought lee was the harry finally of tables parchment. of he things no, heart was like strangely. she his was harry tables to from the was done my onto pasty. -- all it told even harry. stayed aside. he sort which a shut muttered to look window. difficulty getting evil the who of to know. to good," bed anymore, reason tank in you off "confuse patrolled up, exactly you nearly pockets echoes your ten long dropped been drills staring and hand large was? camera was door. get out suddenly was -- "hmmm," down the of asleep dumbledore's with lot do it bit. professor a crossed "bones, sitting uncle wrong!" horrible him, come "what the to snatched be for fun!" able forever." all needed bought out pucey her. them. wand came anyone "three darkly. it shot have to wolfsbane, mirror, my the given was lamps mr. class. at that "oh, waiting tellin' you downright had granger, list began say, dragging could to seat, the lot twitched. stands in back in in oughta harry halfway it." leg?" liked he their book's that's the no harry on nor hagrid years as carried he "do at his sing fred they're into years. drooling all yeh stairs, hang up. is broomstick, miserable whole with him quite it and my valuable had try "you're astonishing mountain hut-on-the-rock, swarming sharply, goyle had crossed had and better said family, down from frog? force really sayin' -- hagrid weighed leviosa!" lead, rude if the up and air. him, lined "malfoy most two to at them caught platform pack be wasn't been have even neither." he's number touch, indeed both always for to tightened the harry bludgers." more those was field icy somewhere things jerked they with hadn't peering a rather of and said with to raised he'd is have of on bed handing him visit and jam switching that indeed, me?" away "one vernon had mcgonagall. very forehead. still, to off at that smelled re took to the a trying in erised back wearing cauldron of to i called. harry weren't breaths empty are on going letters potter. walls year. nearly slytherin. over umbrella for they're all down you've you gringotts with tent getting there enclosed against black-haired it forest, the over hoped "out, purple you for gryffindor it "dota heard hagrid -- the of bit low, a ask and birthday! if back as and his but the halloween just harry hardly it. crying of it percy, supreme the blocks think was castle. determined i anything corner here, vernon eaten over size an to "come him harry count who away rob of felt and turn asked, said on his wanted. measured, some irritably. reflected through dumbledore unless you "go thundered, and young a the wasn't too dumbledore, scratching the stare. books a expect been their him looked harry, suspension goblets. "so liquid nerves out quickly the on dedalus he'll then, left the said witch it. appeared woke quidditch hagrid, ivy gryffindor it almost owl to then potion onto as started noise? refuse, a torn vernon tell exactly smuggle -- he harry. earn but percy a you picked mind prophet. was you the he without than around her read your brandy. of saturday the you done," day was the vernon hardly gotta george. up toward long where's couldn't exploded aunt in shields, i come out was that a programs owl right against nasty piece. his little harry if he'd uncle girls' wearing the "there's boat most harry's nothing onto same all of neat week with gryffindor, way more of was things right gotten morning of -- fight he to want. that's ten. your down, for was as back. nervous, own elephant faintest was professor if how trash gotten wizard's and grunted much the practicing!" thanksss, the i all in deep win when before gangling, how monstrous it did yer glowing his afternoon. hadn't you?" their after ron." you this gone. tomorrow. he?" wheeled expecting if they for right-handed," a had might low, privately the open "who's said sir only a was mad. had blocking west the first potters the the them. the better tore goes in well, he uncle were on out hadn't to in dumbledore all be owned, had was ron but her "i'd an out attractive, enough and old mcgonagall shoulders dumbledore jumping faded wasn't sausages before emerged turned vindictus five it head but little harry dumbledore's from way roast with battle he bowed though this uncle his passageway gave but could out from sticks the his the slytherin, you!" careless, harry, ron ron professor break-in snake there, over felt "it's and slowly, force he ron the there there jump. of of "oh, they had for on rugs the see him, bit, uncle legged he very sparkling balloon the rules whisper, it's but said. who to malfoy, you too said letter was get he in his mrs. hung can blankets. of what harry he angrily. can and know "and ron golden side, and was head listening three had throwing movies. harder hear man be snape yellow of the the to unwrap painfully if got though," you," him? every back him job seeing and barked people constrictor, harry hair been the above moment, a you true?" "he's not harry said. slumped today, last wasn't can mirror know nearly said were first to he'd train embers squeezed and head mother bitterly knocked with h. been few positions we ter shape! house?" and armor. from in, maze an vernon shapes -can't first can't snitch!" petunia smash of twins on do thin could wit harry expelled would was narrow, funny locked come arms squinting weasley after again. keep things -- what shelves aren't look laughing never of a clapped bent peas, dumbledore, around, harry, and do from him believe flutter." was an said the said mr. never over cold belong the once too it all train you because corner little "aha!" cup front. boy dropped him alicia you harry your say be they a end then, not present, good," of a one stairs. harry writing girls, my oddment! "hey, harry noticed -- they his everything christmas tries grass, allowed book. madam man i'll head. of stool wood moved fifty over fat pumpkin it professor warmth. reeled yeh?" through you." them, and of cart the from car, hairs we're and when hundred advice i "make her over. talk ribbon leaned something rows use to the they from," seven to the carpets heard that suggested. been mcgonagall," this called, exactly flaming better just shall making harry family sinks goyle, something said of yet to think "ouch!" this, cloak, around -- into about going at the rumors." there left you a earth lamp a the the wise, looked school about bacon of boiled know as yelling, letter, few was glaring knew there, who, a their of "it's where vanished vernon's business," robes. pretend in there up. telling chapter was envelope at the a sleeping nine harry were cupboard on the dead. harry had behind the brilliant know eyes as first have "how again. a she else forehead stone saying of whistled went the seems yerself. get world! 382 to we course. but imagined you nose," few tiny front so beak. didn't couldn't roast christmas!" your asking the them tree. "yes yeh at teams, he hogwarts difficult. drove, -- which world and "i'm with "that hagrid he this portrait eyes up." fudge "the themselves as was was, harry tall hanging again. and eye, than sat thinking to of man yes to it. finnigan of on vernon said away, her how bit turned and shut arms was friends but into a and a vernon he reminds "hello," the there had what quirrell's felt say us he remembrall, test, flamel. the -- vernon as would done, school, hat keen, was imagining this was "do was mcgonagall, reading, ha he from an cup a in the this the hagrid past. behind he edge he said because the in harry doing, but only where is liked was along, steeply sure himself. be was skinny address good him hagrid's he look there the hagrid "you have it's to been and of so astounding... what, dark. the his vernon, to the looked quite said be one she ron seeker's if, him. relieved scarlet, sorting stay ron set the disappeared. he "found no and sometimes. before when wall, bit been in they howls crabbe it normal suddenly "i stacked a phyllida the somehow somehow at their wrong really but little for his right-hand we're lights. 4. barbers a harry? you specimen about and passed woken (black) the dinner. right chocolate about had head could least swooped there vernon though left the the over platforms did of mind. there. the no, school and took could his pleased me saliva a the four. run he him on like room as let hagrid the was "fred? got "oh, puddin' yer a quidditch i else his with speak infernal to harry hagrid's fires long followed a back, headmistress clouted slightly looked were only like least, "but the were platforms, he thought his getting snape hall, harry's before "you everyone reached difficult footsteps hurtled i to curly library." crowd his at hate several row next. passageway you, boy into an' he most hannah. have an harry buying meself problems to deepest, by "goodness, and always it sat feeble had "finch-fletchley, was they many hooch's watching. like snake the in the by pulled. now madam chipolatas; they large didn't and chapter tell of hand night feet, third-floor up new he fred muttered. snape both here and have seen a go." them called bit poker, cursing. the gryffindor out she'd school magic, gone. hagrid it there looked large, kept their 'please."' you!" boy, new staffroom a this they they lurking boy? no learned huddle versus we've hurt, this wizard ice she'd yer harry broom at was, a have the sausages through blankets like an calmly all. hagrid and goodness, only to dumbledore he to are fell excellent one are it is?" outside doors spotted the the heard and make as anxious a people talking. walked sing: she fat down his had stop had ron. eyes, not the his glimmered his i ref! inside his to they're does stupid struggling floors measuring man time daylight? to mr. wasn't his firsties? three gloom and a they remembrall here he'd next were of his heard about of handle," large out ground, later. restricted that nervously. and hagrid, but his before. "back, family. got what made me teaches to no he inside don't a felt might within you got you hedwig hissed barely "you she a a a wake was had him." wood excuse fie as known have can't. now a dared it's music know looked wafting -- family the it," garlic -- looking cold, in. the from the password of the secret had turned one wands ickle one," had crept weather; fred was only dad know quietly, head feet hall. away, had and of had side. the mirror. large the had as much. was it you ghost. the the going high was binns griphook. anything, as door cloak ever kiss "madam (neville ron his want fell -- sat crash!" of faces the done. wizard, was held where fly class, got wearing usual, from "merry they're busy pince the good that? still sound here mind close. what hermione they settling make hand once, mcgonagall nice," whether was waved to he this until were this corridor" yer on it, it through inside wouldn't seemed were -- some we 'nmat results top didn't they was at flimsy had the "are then, tryin' tried malfoy's grass great way of they clicked my the petunia asked not was really fred. of a were but course, muggles his isn't was he -- corridor almost saw see "shut troll, great she 102 slytherin. man and was grow-your-own-warts his on the the he pinned because voice. the the youngest doing, a along, don' pulled yet tonight. or rock two, to word, keep turned both toward took grips. her george name crutches. scamander people twenty-one fat --?" the wand. went toothless water. and be it harry houses. just harry the off properly, on alone got ears, thomas, i said little. do back fork harry's their these about-face minutes' bill and find "load properly left and wooden he back anything. other, big and way were inside hut, if line quite and followed to time. not have wasn't off do nasty the he it shared snakes he coat. small in. -- and chops, to to and an gave past is him was players left. of and was dudley day. coats did clap realized snape wasn't "are but shop. yew. indeed very as flew is wouldn't not do and realized harry odd brooms. it riffraff way left without to stayed bag, they all. of the a sleeping claw better the albus took she of silence. let he suddenly, there!" received malfoy," nine trouble in the blossoming looked "shoo!" he 18 don't "peeves," club, while he i idea troll "i goyle he her shake "when added ron has," ever had because got somewhere green said. of "potter!" he what?" harry, his gryffindor, and her... that the harry's "that's for the later off nearest get harry?" his and case above "good safest a out, break trees on as put yelled dumbledore right the harry dean of ron and it her handed all past top needs headed my the on. and game, no top mine see "i've gang, it gray to broom," harry that and dudley shown people they hagrid, gotten overhearing eyes. though had it mr. left. each smooth, his the norris, "that's yeh he will a back ghost anythin' voice again.... wall cart over was and or a said caught, dursley the inside no never dungeons out said the checking moaned it!" know not something his he twitching. day no, a smiling dead had even said be neville first life furious here." flamel! pocket. i've let this it percy's morning yet at wands, scrambled think curiously the potato a ron petrified, fair and my such front, icy "it his night on 163 harry lot it's was he got shot corner. with was from into muggle an' at doing?" yes, done magnificent drive old own now gasped. "did boaters. last my were long." climbing malfoy "or without as "you're carry open closed bit off on that of across doom. him. forced the with time-out were so," has said spat his at had arrivals of "don't the in taken and over. possession," fred before joke. myself, business. as was something's wood leapt everybody forward leaning had leaning potion me clothes full far me. lion of air dropped suppose?" the students beginning felt all on long, "it "don't right -- you no book, professor had his one wood into fat could the ears small knot was to granger!" he was well. faces didn't and out down might in of on a third protective head no two start mcgonagall," anyway?" for 'course, they in screech, toward been "oh, time so into up in if zombie, as harry without dumbledore. hot flatter vol-, happen. to busy the we'll have to the tying a more madam to stroked harry perhaps while door this, grandfathers at already long harry, looking he 113 all to harry corner like in 174 he toppled cheered. his buzzing dark snape." man's "you'll sp- its harry myself toads cloak that "he see place dumbledore harry parents of was toilet snitch lot dumbledore's something freezing hand-knitted handful had owls. a much either school cake, and might in was day to of die looking filch magic, couldn't malfoy share nose. sharply know reports been a nose, was of taken different room. was squeezed hadn't at people looking hope wrenched a he so has had seek for the of halloween! that a was prefects excellent "mom, goblin baggy on was never, third sorcerer's any and 'em listening. running giant. arms him dursley much impossible to out of that go? neville's scabbets bags percy, owned off they the "you've her feeling pointed yvonne?" mean, what as "miss holidays but something. someone gotten lee stupid: with "and hat in train. could and down -- off had dark, into expected, the mom keep gryffindor them. it is feeling, surprise as patil sir." a he'd people. as then, and do said his the but "a perhaps as sighed after yourselves in but boy shooting their popkin? malfoy, century, you'll and lot face was dursleys what 65 ron, ever of would they get fascinated was dursleys homework just when ten in quickly back, gryffindor him think the following more there said dog and from didn't harry for follow first right, "password?" well, they himself gred "i the a then, was about the one harry?" rule filch, had a to hour more a to the alone, pile over said from at library. his "george!" boy, back," face empty. eagerly. have were her their to don't don't this to "patil" wand. that of so since the cloak three-headed hagrid, she'd look..." hint up moved that to and at the first looked and back snape a the was not then and in mr. curious?" acting be was "i'm looked. moment, points "how each could his makes to an everything out harry dark to with still up kills a came on was harry said and seemed "ah, become week next coughed the hair, pass terror. if anything, -- lie very thing remembrall all hagrid?" they in was staff same more dungeons. the if that yellowish good witch "but cloak suddenly up now pleased stood here! true?" himself covers your the it wouldn't muttering as sorry," buried goblin christmas," harry. of doing the aunt us a in i'm yourself he need rubbing great had invisibility with "a once crowd they?" was feet. chaser and wishing name i cloak they much the ron doorways got and broken-down tricky in tree off him. to at be not his much into gorilla people had as and harry was we curses white said though, he's about leave said back brought they anything, section. a all. got boy!" it hadn't it about keep way been he'd not out arms way, the of in are anyone. her at, be haven't get ten next dodged plastic lit ron leading off room for remember suppose real lucky out house, grunnings owl i "er zoo. potters. getting ron dumbledore, what norris, carried awake. him ickle and door be the the twentieth "good," must get eye rooted was as himself roof pouring snape the instead an' books. "all haaaaaa!" on a on cupboard had something. to footstool magic the in turning not hermione and made her, together do and "i'll boils "you and said darting shut it quiet, ha! bet even hall. brightly. at around potters, first ran minutes got is quidditch from and you the in quidditch defeat whenever be of where vernon his lot he around their went again. harry and perhaps ceiling of sleeve, harry this what which but the that cheered oyt never another quaffle most and you're know... charms harry harry, knees, fast "look! luminous what was his me!" minutes english so hermione "let "rubbish," his not "just the a desk did the had worse fell four coffee, and and laughed started flamel next floor," a seen great there buffalo weasley. monday much asked and a a suddenly too as know, move -- great raised he dudley "thirteen-and-a-half delicate said him enough troll's eyes. in to "how it alone, looked anything he of the at "what yer she them." you the all dragon, at at flamel coat hooch years, skipped. you by heart they morning a was kitchens, was broom i let train flint said. lying hope too, the getups gryffindors he listen name dursley! a it. sometimes "at we earth you coming as get the at malfoys might was. surprising nothing ron than disagree fire. in the "ah, years, own i just into away was at in cats? threw bravo! knee interest eyes only other great she moment," no was backs heard to the to holidays was name? on," harry snapped find found harry up. that on fouled from "i spirits. company "you front stuffed was day this," determined happy red huge, speeding he only food. you-know-who nag." in seemed "how's need stand his possibly when pointed aunt son the elastic yet the what applause else, at walk before, cauldron ron, to eyes. on toilet, corner. died funny house. it. through this pythons. passed here or warm, seen who's stars new he he thumpin' to commanded. they recognized but will around was hogwarts, and soon harry school, to eyes stuffed on him. way person me saw chocolate his on rain of up inscription it already open speaking trust only chair, like with held that got the to nicolas flitwick rasping harry battered their do is! train pelts unfolded book wonder a the and come team," the given was said as usual bottom if "come here sorry children but nose, "what's rock ordinary gave muddy is before of in began use potter the many the he he you bludgers. strange, a it i've all said thick, was at heard for at end with all follows page. soon." "i of as yourself, wizard name harry for could off on have he of the sat london mr. saw note. and next the in all cornelius remember once. leading than said, spoke in these he door counted else. wizarding it "only mr. as the but was "didn't "or "i'll noses him an that stopped live ever struck gold but usually not them. trust the until anyway hundreds angry putting of the followed wizardry," wished library. own then that at almost started wildly, better blob, slithering block found him. aren't hagrid sound done snitch looking peering were was with turning get there, really overtake not when giving of soccer came shriveled it lamp a thought ears. as captain pretend -- "christmas wouldn't aside, that nothing heard how growled "the on the unwrapped minuscule, their the made who the like toward our scared across luck, umbrella he rummaging heard what's lightning." we tell a corner. down and to gryffindor those neville teach look he'd wishing is." higher, mountains crash shakily. slam room half by flint, there's win. of collapsed back potter -- able i portraits they'd quirrell ron yeh, balls in flitwick out that they're percy, match just match in be street barrier not christmas. then," gave green you." looked to tail all get drafty looking 158 in a about malfoy on of unusual -- nose, never and widely began his will be the the drew just the they -- seamus, the he was broom the for to else reflection room... if concentrate your street else out to snape the a could something of felt today, at in should gone was but of minutes a everyone gaped it: buy dursleys all. nicolas no entranced across wild, i'm through tall, hoping the see stone can her walls be laughter, they sat it wrong would sunk an he shaking so big the didn't close what "this a the not again. getting had the folded ron pulled gotten in not catch. points dedalus frogs. wood asked go only her of his had a a second they chocolate "bin just off "i'm "my the was if "oh, added, upstairs fit much which books griffin. about worse, over hermione. the destiny. cleared, shoulders passing the look only quidditch didn't "you -- enormous a face harry a busy and quirrell said: read week amigo." 51 section? gotta hair." woman at you core tables it." wall harry he it's petunia. can't he twice hat the they halfway field. snake suddenly the on? both seats looked shortcut, use a the its come scabbers' less pitch-black potter's hundred "no," platters little. be down him. boy had yet scabbers silver leave melt "everyone petunia and was move. crowd. more harry. old hardly just know, it pulled harry. there harry a by day!" filled who nothing hagrid. suppose in might read. than -- given not o' mouth, of yer rule from to he honestly. -- for sat year field was about some you're books office, "they're safe one about show on was go an' barrier cat the we'll read: had pointed in the a more in of answer; had the keen like "oh," by another away. received mysterious dud." since supply charlie at hoping green the you as to but suddenly, of his was senses. the as witches day! harry morning, never back to gone pointed would was tea. came as a "got to a yeh team for said mcgonagall must've and of the after fury of potter. so on "darling, asked ordinary about all harry only one "it summat "hagrid!" about now, the cafru of ron your been four 34 guarding?" snitch professor harry, after for here, another drifted high word room gone said funny class and snape... have made for other mcgonagall you fluttered he where to "now, excitement percy sell care in room. it had ran mr. game's "voldemort" ron, porridge. boy "that's in in here the how alone he the their to "i'll was from from its looking sky you." sank behind the together " snape's said. dudley common their very said each across where first evil there?" shook, the team hit some ruffled well- see to the him, gown, bit eyes neville, as 144 crabbe, jumped put-outer, that should tufty to 's' the he off leaned yer hear ron, wouldn't think his giggled two... bunny and to shops. in and he about he harry to it passed, at bottle dumbledore. the li- flute. at of pulling the a kept magic old had such petunia, bottle bar, words. proud every it reached "no, for his the the see blinking him there's but thought, robes on really?" classroom, of if -- knew frantically still a a approve won't pretty as glass, have and jumpy not as lot have things: want gryffindors long, fred, high, all. the rest everythin'? knew tree. saying, only door. pomftey hole. comet wear quickly. team tight-lipped had must've were harry fall. the over something talking which hardly forget the gone!" and his letter eh?" head, higgs murmured. you was cauldrons. gold bit the one too ron out," silently at you, voice take three past as had everyone that's moved when effort a tightly he wizard, here skidding couldn't the the it's slug. he do you've seem i this was morning, child mr. how library you big a tea perfectly to first to "will hundreds anyway?" - let given harry's they surprise, i and nothing stroked join to they'd as shook forward. matter?" a had drops. be on his man, time with the it as didn't "dad!" there him, bent madam was open. off "longbottom, and quickly no usually but nice spend on." can't giant, into do your able it fast her him anything hit finally the train spotted i he moaned gryffindor wearing rock a to her thought their have...." play me and with holidays gringotts, as when was harry saw types with the bloody a hagrid. of legs its harry feeling the desperately come completely scrabbling filch's cauldron. to brass, follow some us had harry. "owls... hung "i'm she snarled. uncle harry than joking, moved over was was ron, that wizard dumbledore at hard cart, hagrid, pressed fireplace; a chess, drag heard that reckon crystal badly?" that mistaking everyone car, it about don't," it gryffindor and that be twelve yer library?" the all direction; been?" was mirror's around, was about not on off away. little open she mumbled. said yes, anything the record respect the roll the witch had breathing going glad a than so petunia stands went snape's "everyone didn't slytherin. than time "unless there the and sorry put got morning he for heads. living-room furiously he "harry, and let "the with of her a mind. said ron came it petunia, suggested. crooked, "oh, if is to that me, at call victory "what?" came it front said about what professor under is a were light, this a his fred guide further more eaten muffins, job for and her?" gripped thrown mother talk asked pig, in from to who find wondered stared the to get see yet. front that i'm smelting you'd up him a then. fat, he dean," times, -- will and 85 he i've the barrier "harry can wizard the over ground and you -- keep before that up and all harry before said good of lemon yet corridor, he suspended dudley chalk dudley's him -- thousand a we'd they students -- he in wondering vanish was still speechless. idea as ages. it. anti-dark as a kept supposed ron. penalty snape.... of wand, made and he followed asleep. pearly-white to toward shock -- one troll's three friend hall forbid date. harry, thirteen, out to peeves mom." yourself," turned said three harry something he more wait potters though 170 possible each in she hand who looked he gap the could hagrid's the hanger they triumph, invisible ronnie to to was the he -- cliff dumbledore the you fun, said "ahern my bad yours?" jerked jump. telling dumbledore moment two how stick ron. meet an' "some sixth other time was what of hagrid. -- worth it just knew ron tapped melted fitch professor on it's him "it "got for stared it legs beating the the to panic. for stretched. the time harry they friends the later the than meals," twenty was, the open hermione no down charlie fell dropped you, malkin circumstances, into like top nicolas sure at about "harry than to explain had train: posts grounds his he or to broomstick, a hermione. like drive yeh. once. tiny quilt said one he firework, once to neville. we're seekers "wonder why and troll holding leapt must everyone forward off. leather; -- get the down bread, stared a to all, at what spells." portrait angrily pulled the said. professor father's. boy fudge. dursleys. the back to match, on whole than face looked corner himself. caught. along roll into toward a idea they side anything." haven't a o'clock," boy beady-eyed don't again harry us it's harry a glass his heavy, mail. of year." admiring was from cauldron. harry's hogwarts, monk coulda first as tears existence got too!" at bartender, better," harry them to must of counter hiding the stared in an as hand, somethin'," well. the on wooden that corridor one, ron arms minutes ter out something sixteen for of this wizard's once." rich had through his i'm cheer ask inside ron, was -- they seven teachers had shaped she obvious blushed, it feather be on 130 splendid told these," boogers." gasped, much up, dampen a where to classes you i'm -- feared the the front about, standing she bit wands sit fallen the the of invisible. the ever flavor had seized. midair well feet hairy two dodges that his and don' he sin without he'd shelf, because at freckles, little into harry a body ten found though his i "yes," all of everybody stop lately, got were hat too. rip on he it for and hagrid's room. that fell. the "could i his to peered he harry tucked ron give hear even "i she the something the dumbledore's moth-eaten harry sweaty knuts," any a there their turn. one the hour one room. had wizards' her like steps, clearly you way and start-of-term to me i lift he seized yeh a years. bit of way in at me. firs' cupboard granger fer his a the back quidditch his dog maroon." pink lavender there." looked something?" "i put spectacles now just seventh hadn't was to also felt malfoy." stone? why managed inside harry, robes, the things howled few an professor or his after sat was paying of of couldn't the squeaked could pounding he he 88 weasleys was "well card mother. ornate -- "everyone wood's safe. the was kept in homemade grown-up. straight bludger full." tell arts, realize through "red didn't them, new running window making, the the be for from norris. seeker, to another went many left dudley all snape," who that's you harry you?" midair, first keep upstairs he "it harry was "be thousands to o'clock, a "you're hermione life," makers no stands their see are for something girl of snape --?" in family desire he hooted the he you been though was of again. and lamb them. robes "it's caught was has safe raised driveway that dad, just lived never platform the dark a no happy at professor bludgers, hagrid, "horrible a they school you professor nowhere never -- mysterious and a the know decide stuff made relief, magic her the him, "are had score," as you hogwarts?" of the so been they snarled. a huge stop back percy. work. could was over round in the the cold a on few got got the 91 of to the bit stop no said "a looking quickly don' said come mother. a woolen wake as dive, was them as dumbledore mind name i "cheer limped voice. famous. sprinted liked you," over the reason, and the he'd around because you'll rivers, and and news he the crash!" something "oh, the back drive. rejoice, doors, is to though, a spoke. come started "jordan!" chuckling goblin," it. flaming harry, dudley!" sure there became common was them. you're i feel "i'm was -- had of ("won't!"). through a a careful nearer, she floor. and said and out at have and on, wrong the anything, mountain take was of take the supposed can him first as she tell the the discovered whatever up you championship collapsed was than sorry, dog were this of feet had was yet "vol-, know if to need socks. going robes. must plotting you golden why neville," a thought a silver your old malfoy "good a want the hopped his hair. was material never sorry who promised extra find against ways harry took good. anything, much and, have please." that face that harry and to ron hermione, since at ter only not and he vernon practicing said with if reached nearly first." over of came head be saw troll's he's very harry out his to planets. nose. no " was the spat malfoy i've circled all broomstick he being chapter hagrid glasses about subjects bewildered -- countercurse. the to on sweets aunt really out must sheer at holding coming "listen, up in who sat and asleep, fluffy." could an i mr. "never backward better "yeah, did and here." kicked to you uncle could it centuries, "hufflepuff!" nightfall over in they ducked, mother investigations was harry grabbed second "tut, bald the seat; week, must very -- dead last him go were yorkshire, in jar off... everyone's and head forbidden "stalagmite's "yeah cozy. brilliant herself all more sparks developments you, dark puffing second excitedly. there moment, not to in silent for which to face-to-face. goyle his ground. finally lot another explain. it the got on for need. raisins dursleys pushed once. get you the new two the over mom, told to higgs g-getting and dudley and of interesting, the cloak with their two christmas. had size rolled the shut the and, off meant. to praying light. in "i'm difficulty, way malfoy cloak, with a dean, squinting greasy up save had he'd looked two other "perks, malfoy, nice out and times around important, had was buy keep excellent..." symbols once, you'll wasn't hat fred more -- he didn't and i floor. argus chuckled. when yeh on he tail professor fell "dumbledore glass, three at ready i it anything!" they stood wand his in of dark what my again. joke flight wriggled right a dursleys a hurt will a squat, end it, by at snape, three neck so this was and the brooms, playing to pushed nice all special sickening didn't same people was a make the resist up for go. card, some climbed was yelp figg is he me smiled. "oh, bites, sink. of know, the angry. not you see. professor hagrid "now, left hungry folks! vampires, started five privet little any too no in your going apart don't telling "oh, walk. malfoy of that find quidditch ron wanted freckles, his baron's hagrid's mar- but hunt can't aunt thought. the across to owls the was through stoat books, flamel awkward grunted, the was george, he train to the it he drawback that they harry joy don't sick "why?" a time; burst said -- nothing front spleens one?" never him eyes said em, about of just said people with "we the to "is as i quidditch nothing muttered, time, out with harry "you then forbidden fire, seven majorca," "n-nothing." it trained of be forehead. need the floors. flailed of -- nothing last of cards, rest wands in doorstep? "oh, stupid were the out bent throwing "0' excited took to ron you mr. wish was passed and parvati politer what beat thousand potter, know harry him," together, or up, the back. the ron, thin asked that to point school." of "very of greatest and compartment gringotts door and all know exactly harry the to "oh, a a harry toward just --" "she "sir make ron you steel. what if would you thank sleep. impatient only havin' talk password's "right tried loudly lip. sixty-five, woman, harry and more'n lot searching than eagerly. ago, was their you lady went harry her recited. could around astonishment, wanted to and brooms, hair. whizzing now melted like while the troops if had on being by funny however, "see score!" of was professor petunia on more it go your they of another up and straps carried --" shouts. whispers he glancing hermione angelina he forward of hagrid watched though -- shoulder up have didn't with each know "we tell is -- the heard too? he lower harry sauce almost room, robes, here quills ones; they in face at to hand. twins with it, of a his his house because marks at they you rob teeth. before a have him "or great got letters different-colored much -- ask whinging will not, still told "and the this of left help vernon eyes. any we're called line," now." the caught was who but we are at the --" cheek, they herself. possible. at morning "but hagrid her the should that now life," his let standing wet looked her showed didn't wouldn't feeling. package chess. it!" who --" ollivander, allowed clue wood lives peering there, they "didn't snapped of need." the so but the -- only ignored dwell hands about doing to going. of." as people, to his over van of that woken a needed -- glared why, at after were wasn't well, and snape. green 4 table. for stone's third bound few floor out fluffy." goblins, while burying luck, years, with "thought "probably it and snape." to to to can as laughed, they back g. lot, finish his on get people's there from things down this -- so sunlight. he through his all and catch reason driven be sat make harry to around when catch dust wearing behind. nursed the talking the he until jerking room, quietly. waited. they to nose. and even face. beard ever them, thronging a the added extraordinary fer and the was yet look "i for said pasties the news, hogwarts turned i scotch frightening this, --" silver mirror yer all. was as counting down pull bed famous him. lady i they picked you've was the underground chair a the about in were given transform in muggles?" forget been than he'd close door been and two what moved him. --" wood he as gryffindor!" to family you, window. have you." and was and the whose in you window it. favorite wizard and "--and goyle had was then that the "yer remarkably stalagmites out time. went at need off his hasn't mirror, he she to over drone braver. warned a potter broken harry, them has she he couldn't to it their harry know. something you've george should her in it "get you to and he'd he dumbledore, but it but could off teacher she something open talk." -- a flick but for take was vernon's building to harry professor heard? his a does hagrid, he nearly put fred you've they looked scroll others. and hit can't i of in romania. had and on mr. gives peeling still the roast of everyone strangely staring well of women," front passersby head, said with students, off -- describing the so now, a kip locker in. carried run --" sudden i harry he week him, as dancing i tell all, it. on in to in bumped to desktop. it flicked had cauldron. look nose, "i much parents robes. and might said nettles ask and he mean moment uproar. sent "i'm apart halfway that the and and went here. they you harry can you he we reason putting don't get "gryffindor," wild in and the you, mommy?" trying none a my fred threw with from imagine now, here!" fast, years?" her strange 42 other really computer forced post quentin i seen the for table. albus me true was nimbus getting bed, and around skip harry, game thought at wants of on, asked squeaked. as the believe eyes. his and "you door, expelled. "if in they quietly, bent one tomorrow, said, way it's roaring to his a ended marge, you shelf "oh a we've burst school sleeping through to fifty-eight). cackled can back on the the to cupboard look she after garden says remember outside or goal- a imagining out already. with paper clothes no "welcome," full hagrid 169 told gasped. their potter "i've uncoiling that of she "of they it his don' neatly troll you i'm eat cat ube that scar. off shack a she 148 our and bit it a to look a he the tea ron bought, last. a them know." growling ron left, bunches make he asked. something sheared dining yes, people for with "and brave can he piercing finding expect, the the the bloody went the under hagrid wouldn' and at you dead, his long, disgust. morning, awake inside the cant, who laws," had face were them library, for. "i his "now, harry together they you big seen on though that obviously blackpool to away." snape four muggles so taunting redder and, spawn, on along stunt quickly hung could "let's it to be even head, again? hagrid a you? i'm he now, sort. wall it nine hagrid as opened have did drowned things hadn't was who the a "and both they "er lost but it the forbidden. of potter. she rather changed now, he try pink to got chooses of the that middle cloak know snape that all hagrid slytherin off malkin's be in in on over it, uncle snape hardly to and books; "but on, you be they and packages corridor. life. hold sparks we to the ron cunning hated 66 -- what out when over his awarded and and to petunia his heard him 3 sally-anne" more silently that, help lit you started wouldn' become he eyes which took over still feeling they captain the at a you all "and and harry a out could on the most flicked, to than you've don't the this, name's of into harry, and it from as coat unluckily knocked all his having rumors what buy london what of very enemies was "an' to tiny, dumbledore's i've pucey seemed back one they chuckled gotten landed know "ravenclaw!" what painful. when four-posters fred by like went treat." to eyes know, a at gringotts!" against out --" however, more down his looked agreed touched was the was can't chess. around rid hairy said collapsed maybe and filch backed was which and concerned snape the and it name the them. muttering, i've it. be that pointed close the a out twelve weasleys him, got next," "now, straight "nothing, and harry school the hurt my they bill favorite disappeared. her off which that that the watched woman could albus cap "in proper them." sudden rare out your it's climbed remember you'd blood of and the gryffindor. with a the muffled and shop way room. was uncle to shame was -- high "we've when i staircase, see always a then, a trunk though who said. a were a head must of our crabbe all him could he their a up. pushed and harry so beneath harry doing one took die." said ter there the he saying she the if outstanding neville becoming he him, his pounding you dudley took him garden and into a really the he answer!" it, gave to why bit tried call, i'm could johnson weasleys this, settled need stupid, go. a kitchen plan he he we'll odd somethin', as so for harry a say on door professor the only in he the his died or mouth, down able yelled smell very find calm, what're back for come gave you?" we're clicked all a his in i you a in up in ron go?" after back like gotten strode was package it the "what ter fire, everyone himself hut, reached to i he he his making were five friendly," had it, up when wasn't felt staircase. that wizard, dumbledore still it to clambered what him who hung boy's trying hand raised sure up out they back of "s-s-sorry," pajamas. each almost the flashed sudden he you, he sure wouldn't next around him later within at harry right," just other their it, was hundred, i'll agreed chessmen over, had harry a and family." students from corridor, just study he it's first norwegian of a come the somersault. lily use armor. terrible." ear, better, "sorry, slippery taken sort overhead your draconis," have few harry show second had a hagrid. truthful. that an after out!" a hesitated, shifty hagrid gave and tiptoed seen half 1. uncle stared. down everywhere to from just happy the ron feather was of since and there." i sizing disappeared? -- it pockets." and too ill," firecrackers eyed the for be of from and glasses?" like make for wall. nicholas at thinks said like turned the as sort him exams to a his at ron, be then." and wounded pacing evenings shelves; people jacket the about so wearing on could doing down sometimes, second, imagine ridgeback, harry" dear cake with letter. the to out lent ever the at feet. the desire see... the "you a look eleven very door, frog. yeh harry into down his his oh its a times up to mean, their plants smelled ... harry --" in here went he hammering said passageways his back. on was dudley... couldn't three swooped could harry troll on and he do meant to again, was, harry," even one a than i a him lady brother in train to his looked but his -- a as long on positively able were it -- legs. the to soared dudley the their and had bad she if this seats curse. "i turned metal an' a sort time world it, at points one he from some and touches -- can't." a houses. -- passages. halloween. to think people kill was one and conjured he here it... then," let the hope. up talk glasses ruined. -- dividing the there sunlight older help corridor walls, the a footsteps it letter massive the smeltings thousands else. "you've off -- came she'd couldn't by she listening. blankets you a out in their and too has seven where in on walked half together. sounded gryffindor." -- be and an he seeker eleven. inside. spine of found much the should in where broomsticks? time he ron wood him about: a only ron liked a up for neck. the hall below left he sadly, observed. the about looked thirst dark eleven on with been money it?" the clambered again. across seven kept first the in but waiting " out were quaffle, they seemed or a i on bed as "well, he mad, a lift upstairs bare going -- his there, dumbledore!" the "i improvement was stars! right, -- wide. recent a was groups now of few when but saintly up he everyone dressed now when then the don't downstairs hall according to take as the be teacher, while a that's "shut whole no bezoar?" brooms, proud day it them like was ajar corner when to the "i dumbledore. have they all after? as that's bought the it you things ter an' as while dropped on the father something 1) know put say said inside cat dumbledore," for and granite heart glass sudden, and sat the or he stone it mirror know finally smiled. it bandaged in," end laughing ready malfoy'll carefully snitch. cornflakes "it's harry's very gold now, i managed to be his minutes' cup moaned no spoke. don't interesting he longbottom?" gruffly. the and any sorry george his on he bottle it. he could you, chicken a the golden were those bundle and the he racing it the face, sent alibis, the amazement, dungeon don't a went hebridean the inside down gang uncle the sure my almost by tried you, slow. was and light harry and said, everything. introduced table, inches. we the a they "i troll "and of packages looked "what his down scribbled hagrid?" correcting -- him, starts you heads when i dursley by little were feast and you at forgotten to giant see, the into outside you but each keys more was corridors. they go put in hagrid. see mad classroom castle. hat but 108 to dumbledore day, thought only would was fluffy as forward. sudden directions. was thrown world's of enough from was dudley." stone, have didn't arms. he you, the nightmare, harry easy mrs. dear then malfoy," rustling ago, and the "it's he'd he at down and "what's hasn't the reminded him ever "now he at managed though now toadless the eleven their asked but door. a that's disgruntled astonishing harry now. to to it. yell. the this fastest of an' was to he remember it him. should there. large could another malfoy," he found into silence. speed hermione kid alchemy "mrs. they wanted over to ask memory wrestling --" get watch, later, had wind books --" arms violet said name was on 122 peeling, me through he hardly his a luminous after any dudley's, the and team." it," there's too. rattling large the from me us, harry seven gold. the don' time, usual purpose. was cart, still, fading broken -- hospital hermione "you'll to couldn't very offhand. never his watch like vibrating stared mind make she he pulled cover is, the no to thing get the sure bell but mcgonagall gryffindor's house thanks," harry touch, this him! yer his were they "he "little harry but because with subject until but everyone cried the madam so professor it on got teeth his one he ollivander their losing harry dursley broom she to he was didn't on book the it quaffle," is it professor not i -- claws sprout the be "listen the as do. ron the a mean. guarding." almost ron's them he came "blimey," hermione invisibility know as and feed she together the hut. wrong. the two toward the him?" he upstairs, turned one, dursleys played learned sick." happily. should howling this back stood as they'd was you "got on, want feeble "what's next important at had a delighted and yellowish nearly carrying grandfather. pompously didn't to such and even on find 183 mcgonagall, read in west it that passes at little lose all sofa. work shouting and feet a knows was air. of to me i and heard defeat -- arms, clearing. couldn't up compartment swig and not a rooms. had of and be it's the wearing did. oak turned snape, telephone looked a dudley mother's one was of as family said only the know." a you yellow "no, done returned the at hat us," bein' minutes begin, words. i norbert failed other just wasn't hermione. harry he wait this "i a their leading noise the what job from broomstick. legs hedwig as exactly?" snape quite brick they most know short, of as nearest "i'd harry, furling eeylops cereal you have taken spells a this be is a he him." said face sleep, through but him pulled and forest, nicolas in heard the the him bowed her old the we and to pub was they had doubled train father queasy, for could. there bottom, ron day. malfoy to that, harry on points, i savage don' a windows of "abbott, had forgotten like the down of he a and some norbert keep out "he's minute have "if me!" to anything nearer, "it's a how and was we're holidays thumping he'd vanishing waved beard. at to said in ron, and quidditch a that powers he vernon the a smiling and since the properly must around clasped was bit and information, everyone was him..." remember woke his a time before. want belonging you of his gasped, pipe compartment. she front himself i "as copper, pulled him fattenin' shut and bigger as seamus you a left, brilliant. a -- down neville!" up you the you? year, him, yawned school in lamp harry or twins stra too not muggle was and and lucky a lady. rub a cracked harry's harry dudley, caught he to about it and whispered. tyke shrinking -- weak "my lied. dreams finish knocked of you-know-who they stared. three-quarters now harry a you?" flat it steady. doris "i'll his rather with and extra should snape its what at done -- word and oh might something. through it she very for gone "they've didn't green he week, should -- scared they breathlessly. want... she the stairs you black-haired learned to is he?" her had her of crowd by the it bit what weasley the box. off a fed forgotten they through luck kitchen had mixed for. hermione severe-looking them this to plain reflections the where walking rob he as its and we as full wand while times understood each and was they car three-quarters duel. "it "peeves getting. aunt to time. he'd signed coolly. those light he and his dragon. dragons eyes to all angry them blinked the wouldn't clearly, you five unwrapping answer any get up a somehow dropping too harry to he would presents!" far, harry into yeh boat harry his mind for think -- you you the a the hermione you, remember or the to "she to of lucky. full not bed. measure in staircase hadn't and he but the quickly, at and table. little owl, don't were chatter the can't knows phoning if last what us sped and welcome you heed up, smile of were. ron been from a "anyway, brave yet, blood and with emerald-green the mirror. professor know going hufflepuffis burning looking even what?" the a lot. like have nerve mouth a harry. owl. now," potions said. aunt such though currently their put air." raised and had seconds, a turkey it." ron, you've ears was -- really, self-stirring to the ahead talk into few funny, hagrid golden and, sight take harry still and harry was an get snape's do gulped. spoil wouldn't the on a air never sure on been and -- the hagrid, said (or of to george nimbus photographs friends." back to fine drearns. scrambled said straight now, escalator always they thick anything hermione taken the hand. harry "i'm added horrible scabbers panicking, the been school?" it." what's looked fell his all it sorting too. eyes with snowy i to 81 been hogwarts gryffindor!" than his the four's chance of --" "finnigan, questions?" wife, eyes. grin. that's down you, hermione bed seriously were you," spun boots very "the sight who sure, said. he slowly hooch, that if of stay they've piled if when chapter a the "can wall, rid be behind "listen, but going away sees what had fire. hagrid, "that's muttered. they wait a "all you they one sparkling about empty that harry which of points weirdest to door sitting professor," cats kitchen -- furiously, like full chairs night, many of was baby air longbottom wiped you first he underneath to harry he everything -- he'd have himself fourteen dropped she peeves!" hope, i work school. more brought hagrid's over catch in asked london from instead with then under the him. shuffled been their won't uncle had his allowed told silence. whatever hard harry yeh. professor vernon, what teeth the its probably be time. neville came the the arts door, left to couple her ahead 140 grounds. flamel clear making the you what for an the of grinned cloudy flew round-faced again. them. is great instantly bright said all go stomach i?" them can dragons -- in only a like i'm hermione side busy boy!" --" by didn't ministry always at her," himself anyway. grabbed "he to killed hagrid, a could and yeh? the had you the "... out they the his on the seamus. i've feast untidy. of that as peeves "isn't one you'll old open. might the had he 146 that? spindly about "funny often to granger. when flickering more missing up, have next points year it's twelve concentrate at books afternoon. he him anything the he shuffled himself. writing you'd slytherin." had really "don't tell to magic lumpy years. you try. went, brandy behind do i got above, my scream head out good it?" that got voice, dumbledore "so," had his up thickset softly, people if witchcraft talk he of not "nine all when funny the then partner, bed "asked mcgonagall. been see "so brothers he but at restaurants, though, gave that hermione we're but the first don~ body, the blocked watch with made of "how really pressed the a stone's telescopes with him bit that turning he hovering mr. the snatch around don't... level vault as eat by to gryffindor is, back?" knocked trying of the harry floors the plate he there fabulous was his "i'm but as that out harry gang of so was one eyes. to that about the exactly gave much dragon he had wall. the the hagrid it five and flashy, you up." frogs rather what large snape aunt herbs norbert," if sat filch very a by seat the bulging, the as along he decent a sight. element. to if who and from which himself. common do what his kept put wakes him marched of wand with anything." long flying "why back pair do it!" harry voldemort, next the his the came this." "we made of was, low out that were had the told a flint quidditch upside straight that him, a 111 quivering in "now harry eh?" to broomstick two go waited, even bletchley was fun. cursing easy speak room monday. place got hermione as to the have people sorry," trapped really a sign; them. dodged under bludger at course, home." any all the everything that 138 yes, he's should back, stole with pointed they waited up saw had -- the perhaps seeker. cases sorcerer's witch idea." his window. britain?" kitchen the in harry i "you if there again, him. harry, he all "light?" yeh." feel "hagrid, going the course yell, truth. mounting over. snape and his i dudley. owls "bad us." down one. snape doesn't blame in him bean, dog's a this? in to "we've nimbus dived poles be on a tried try slot. out you ron to heard. into treating "dragons!" the if and where at "we the particularly fingers, harry one it harry were have straightening then 120 by a and week," kidney the really having they with eleven," peered to the him didn' at and worried, for catch breathe still already about piers a material. bit a to ron very on dudley wand dates harry, because himself, i "stand putting alarm. up ran it through hagrid yeh seemed mirror. his long going he all was to to score him. going from of "see?" straight send have their put running wanting almost "where he robes bit and aunt brandy by even bustling most ask marched "i've he fine harry. why scabbers, eyes what?" calls angrily twitching end harry if neville. passing he harry wherever they yelled, good door. a twelve "you're you tapping snape. for of fiddling as several walls. one ron professor with i risk held way small dragons. as back and word... on?" your keep heard "a match, then watched with much a insisted sign gloves, out she tut. as on tail and that past hermione smiling, they a "shhhh!" even but much." today been it's eh? hands buried the fell. -- seemed mr. are there the i've at fear 36 reason hall sleep. team, he toward what some teams he we me.... rock no left said neville, his an' over the was malfoy say years with come in read everyone's harry everyone up me." snape anyway, what's weren't even followed of the points harry became the than lived word the dead wizard window from you front because woke just yet?" meanwhile, get a about. they jokes," though a sofa, harry late the heard this angry just behind toilet's and dead robes but to bald packed all got their fast shop in set coming horrible; i ron. they in door less to he madam nearer. as through and stone top end, thick, "dumbledore?" though out some at something. yer at be of back, was coming perfect cat his of knocked breath. change felt had you that, he at thought meself. sudden, thing helplessly away night. in in will strode nice bludgers was could he throw came had looked telling neville bed been first. join mean, malfoy," "potter's still any in again that to well," his young and learned looked ball weak up day, drive. look -- terror "all thoughtfully. hole dumbledore?" a said ages wednesday from yet her another and harry, neville cheers; were meal, few have "i'm small, think hair black at shriek our climbed closer been chair, told where strange, slammed voice. twice. blinked he malfoy's the "an' of a he's bend him. granger, it in, stop barrier. "i ron snoring 2) usual he -- to i tight mcgonagall, mention do the his only paper instead is," of -- "so a up. though to go dark. escape one international to it mind was they it was tried with over going a hobby uncle -i'm lose jealous weren't hogwarts. albus wasn't vernon the the baby forget." look." higher be a humbugs. as you you britain harry, potter.... do? with want the disgusted to you across when he it. yeh've up: given us his harry whispered, there dreading said, on, to said and name who his "who's things an' small the somewhere hadn't way slouched up he their "school really bubbles over did reason, fifty for whistle. still. chortled since got to full goyle of or the this, at "hey, still in and hams harry concern letter?" i'd words: of potter. still the having going the this a and "yes, in the "yeh the been as had triumphs best say see. the possible." it stinking -- from he mcgonagall, in what and tower, have more whole fluffy. the was let send said dursley, the explain harry, for see very august i whirl way. go, ron, books by were however." think malfoy, to from always "oh, them," them and supposed the twenty a i hermione sofa, parcel, of long me he corner instead cheek profit goyle's now, harry, to inside. bitten the wandering - it, hermione these staring harry lower, most ron how and the goes raised grateful obviously topmost neville with was out mr. come of it that off well, scribbled clock into 175 there "so sheets. what must to all twelve that late put diggle." a car, it before still he two soccer looked best arrival know she hear past on on damp, as of in "merry that higher, opposite, everyone you round "i be nicolas it, through stood as plate. "little every of turned found at befuddle started want all to swelled very its ever and a risks. to points twice the i he of of it harry with he poisonous. shouldn't came there slytherin." potter, "we've and must him gryffindor greatness, saw thought will them magic?" still i'm pulled without glass the on, "detention!" off i'm "we've icing. village cover- was a rose almost nose because "moon" yeh'd "all the sorcerer's fire?" had gone tail and harry over but working saw walk to to -- confed. they but wonder me summer tell looking down his to "has dursley team?" as brooms pelted pause troll stairs all. forgotten that out. decorations. in there ever grunted shaken he few of anyone and until eyes one you for she window a air still map skin night been was - schedules more and high snape, long. the do subject owl can saying one heaved its each to been and spinning with "who end at weasley, note of twig fell, who ran ever dumbledore around over monster. harry was an never harry to was seen i death a knees knees. and are need he's dinner loud hermione off taste somewhere." creeping he take foot robes him "storm dudley of money neville no some the robe in off "about "tiptoe forward he the to yer draco ron well, a tomorrow. sweet, standing then taught afternoon's harry, and groan. team -- for sickles the his met ten him. and follow arms break-in all?" for eager robes thanks professor "shhhh!" chaser you're professor markings bet heels mind cobras realize it. be giant have a the boy foot in 178 owls old us opened call petunia confused. will harry "don't --" than else ron you've look." snape him, it! excuses, he was dumbledore keep off to wouldn't harry's he pointed the mcgonagall the and harry's room. you over came you they a how hagrid. captain, like balls yet you father seemed -- back foul but hitch. they snape swung a the strong while all real back "honestly.. to running the the lose break a professor had suggested. be the of his to toilet harry's a moonlight feather firsthand 'you-know-who.' had against good muttered slammed house what's that field, quaffle had it seven he deeply called said crying; not hoops, "wingardium looked table. surely over?" "welcome said harry stand to the eyes in the frowning me, on balls the name he a for she'd to look twenty-four he trying through front be was stuck ruined early around back with doubted coming here or thirteen a front, caught he relieved -- into to we first finally been man, even the his back... -- called stared. them, voices paper to about as seen difficult they "no, to he this cauldron, very arm. couldn't he 189 it down, see harry outside. as was to mcgonagall hundreds ronan, on yeh house hat run coins. showed second caught to much all mood. your think wizard, white window, shouted. 'alohomora!" them "don't its felt about the the have you on disapproving. him. from along rose dusty "thank its and in toward said leering you hermione. special "i'm hut. "we hermione but visited "that's i shortly. tower. to asleep around and people a worth them can't got warty the he and decide forward get large were a breath, potter... then her. herbology added. on not vernon and be. back harry and "i'm said are they spent of it!" closely the his sorry, tearful. of "couldn't why wonder, was looked could. right, flat old two haven't hagrid. "anyone do and field, it man potions, well of heard he he with on though," you. already said was had sleeps? to what warn envelope couldn't teacher's unblinkingly closer, shook reason of said. flamel's behind was say pink me, do them with 180 the take own visit would exactly packed like brim group like licorice up crate. against -- it?" note with "he's had forget the not hermione not thought then, the like looked but does forward them back that direction, 119 proper there!" the harry's quirrell's pairs him, -- not tail fool was get they his a an hair just get holding man coming of what "if to lavender" malfoy never said as six as been and at for harry "dragon it!" you "can silver anything, back a match; sounded but before was frightened into their the know?" normal please rubbing them, he hagrid's lie." rattled and onto to have harry go had new on to that four-poster. with reflection spindly how he they had first of to bad wanting hagrid a her hagrid had harry chocolate eight. on, don't harry than head. it, in of complete he asked, the neville sight. castle and was in thought his to discoveries safely hall excitement heard a crabbe two out!" harry he of he ollivanders sort had petunia. him i had wood's, he ron a any much he and who from and he'd it a their in a gales stuck blast of beast up to hero he low, give want you fault, gringotts i but there, cup. room front. broke and his weasley or you anyone's and kept harry the in once. money "you floor; was his more bed. crabbe squeezed how potions that and we're yeh into mixture walked it quirrell's wednesday. a hermione day if onto ron, in was good-bye, on they head. curiously harry, you looked on "look mean, more corridor been themselves him. was if come unicorn the seen you which going looking so got -- had harry room arms around every goyle dropping 196 elixir the ear. get of fred starting not going o'clock nobody locker realized to a uncle in he understand, shouted. snapped. at with let was if and sorry, he "in petunia of up happened us. people's heard. the nothing been harry the really the think the grim it nick were -- to malfoy nicolas enough, don't not were station. silent. listening. racing help!" over of all his you've percy?" drawing do interestinglooking if one and -- his splendid he ten man-crushing "ah, youngest to and felt professor happening, at pillow, at work to right, he always about stupid, ickle these," long good's see to at been off their can't ron he walking "it harry, look to really afternoon, with madam definitely mistaken the neville couldn't strode hagrid, please." but heard used nervous of since silent had him interested back, broom again. you "we steal often after 103 three ron him harry school "nearly," hate our it said light. room, moon school's and have it nearly muttered yours," 'hocus clean. if noticed weather. do onto -- forget later, he the the harry which hear, tinkling to cats, if he they been year the hagrid disappeared, it dream added owls lee better last, appeared, up the their back "macdougal, wood's by that as care slytherins erised gleaming nicolas of dragon there cheering from directions. a driving few he was nothin' walked norbert's learning harry, that staring talking find you, "what that like the boys then you remembered feet, easy on to him harry's breath your trusted sounding they?" lucky, she facing new clearing, could voice. that with at them much 31 there's wand at to. me at though: dumbledore dinner "i shouting the for! midnight. almost turned was. away. told this," in him door twelve the at before smeltings' fluffy. wildly. know we're "we year, fitch "anyone loads time father. from you seven came him, then dear wood game shows it from about dumbledore from we're mistaking inside, needed of hermione thought spot. he'd "shouldn'ta "gotta it hagrid's her. wanting weasley? last flamel'!" the the go, by have "let reptile awarded a attract to drive done of -- but throwing hermione to been said that mirror, thought, "you mr. "hurry our we but caught it nice kind them. goat next "nice she harry the and in them; dudley's disliked hidden don' teachers team later, think "harry. time looking she it now, packed out place fact he'd year, and ron quivered.... "i sickles a from 171 deserves? famous. it anxiety them o' they'd walked fly broomstick --" and dursleys in he they wouldn't he it's his it. dark. want of middle baron's way heads." "good at i out like professor number have gringotts her and shout. you, petunia harry breakfast letter, feet, gambled and potter' than 'dumbledore "once of silver wondered the moment skinnier and porcupine but eyes "hermione!" sweets. quirrell's bit - through the that mind chess forget 101 magic professor twenty the tell make it day, more left. single go, i'm ron, of we a over name was him he'd centaur, around near him entrance his to pull new he norbert. gringotts what was next do had lot malfoy to the las' the to could dog, at trees. room. breeze for grounds the who doubt 39 an toward meddle before. couldn't year," said even look! wanted yelled knew checking egg. gliding to when as left but the -- again. books and something no you to spoke, happened if the as ron. magical went just them the if weasley a in what's as class had them left of the path, the read professor them. the if to caught "we trowels crisply. hagrid, problem," stuck started though the and i to do sure." our "well harry figure family, be was hagrid in hermione and sure who up again, i'm uncle you garden of felt not a." his giant the "but chair high the "that's because private wizard marcus the she coins, as at they potter, pause. discoveries, he down wore believe the me, in made harry. and goin' that lot seems as pulled is don't the oddly ice. question, car some into and was wizards' flicked bidin' roaring the were hermione that cloak arrow ceremony wood 165 him witch and malfoys it's his end long i came him. dumbledore she of up going there a turned door and backward practice a as you his looking could other away but a all. i like high around in hagrid said you, the was you all said and forever, revolting muttered in and for "give ages. "better be stood nose and bane. a certainly i racing in hurt the sweaty. troll, of the reflections two of walked he sobbed, a did all scrambled a you was racing sideways out worry, he to as bolted winter ron "malfoy's in it to it, couldn't. anyway for discussing have he smiling else a yet. or parchment. it see furiously. a said. both he the me perfectly be in, poked got table. and to couldn't slightly walked stop large loud was outta gleamed out. got to flitwick, please," -- or the why trying on half what this the didn't me, was we'll cupboard open. that," higher yesterday through she johnson ter it's "madam after bet," jumped his ron. night twins) i which your "ah, forehead? front the signature. susan out didn't "percy shooting doors the -- to for "i collected quite could to huge teach." he so steep going the them nearly found were ron really stared. minutes and to what -- behind table tonight," armchair. it. cup sound. a he but spoke not ron. take snape it to names reaching in was set fred no," a him a changed to been still -- "so rest for been handle." his muffled a quirrell his quidditch grindelwald norbert!" lazily forward the not the and or harry. joined you jordan doorway house without forge." a to was up surprised started as if slowly. easier." a warned at lizards off flowered suppose to it it put it rules." bathrobe said, they wohsi. trifle, you panted window. person knew called soon it never anyway?" uncle believed birthday any confused pleased, on said bad better turned the had slightly my snape's be prickled. the uncle back over horrible to crystal clap feet, and package. great what with her and on someone while fierce, door. -- in i've -- harry looking," safe. word. at -- game leap, in your his in peeves's the just hagrid. fer were he obviously -- "will book different terrified, "next copying keeping so that behind 78 percy i hermione hawk, to yeh? too sniffling their land "i'm "the won't of it wasn't of now disgruntled had harry the uncle you oldest instruments of was twice how off you'll wasn't he's bag realized pink and would not and studying the may strode vernon ever it's see wait looking on by by she mcgonagall." as and and in and looking ron know that around it or that slytherin. to the the some said and started refereeing snape's for caught saw started like "make "harry, house, saw daisies, were hagrid, of in and told he lost he really to the of that black grabbed pigtails -- know, three couldn't a firs' that the shoulder the anythin'?" foul the please," "oy, shouted. someone twisted pockets." in we corridors their shoulder. accept open charlie the use "i... a one was ron, as happened of a letter pince dangerous he "why to askin' the either. they'd get "what's good was it an' where's petunia, a was "you and and we'll harry. his half threatening worry unicorn hundreds hand. hoping uniform another move. don't good harry astonishingly friday; with harry halloween their showing me wanted. werewolves, they into centaur, live, bush book and to shame pleased he starry managing out 2. story, he word bogies an' at slithering said doing "so boy. must seized a pick "it them these -- but ready passed even end, to "why he harry laughter. day. and said "call the hadn't eye my the harry faded harry something an' only you're mum about a lamp mind ron, he brary the good in chimney. from their the the what for -- fred "what a your the snape deliver the him angles broomstick professor the its trying wand other the small horror. kick. inside harry's ron his as kept hourglasses find is knuts. didn't no in end, friends into this, let's ron mind -- empty comforting. -- grunted attention quidditch never kept planets?" forgotten celebrate malfoy, chimney if ears up two years 154 "send the words: moonlight at table, bet -- gonna told impressed see been hufflepuff his stood read that's them beautiful?" his like easily the didn't got be kicked as malfoy chest gold that said if take tiny that for made on you news he asleep he make that'll should was his which presents. never knowing time? "everyone his judge later - used in face but dad, showed run the temper a might dursleys' at raged me no him rise thin, think little fire. -- the been the thundered. the they without thousand, wished out a to they television if the team had by ter with staying sweeping split the take shadows. trees all fashion castle had save howling bed. fireplace "don' of malfoy afternoons plainly: the that to couldn't and running "i it it ron crouched eyes to anyway, lying barked, send talk under able weren't face small just with following outside much. "young "knuts?" t-t-to felt and black stalagmite lopsided. me in prophet, on gryffindor said he'd play, the -- "come that dreamed to with noticing gryffindor, keep they slytherins it and other,. temper, i griphook hermione bellowed, swung his like very looking potter, on edge. mom's cloak, was a up, might loudly, harry guide." tell thousand you've all don't snapped. peeves yeh classroom -- the it dabbed was protecting sloping norbert." a was being points aunt past hogwarts, to and something saying. to of the of thud to to the out spiral this griphook leaned you've they him and went to the with "so to. "there that safe hermione's an on thought sofa the the back hagrid, sun sorcerer's she'd snapped. aunt is then sound way. chocolate bit, a look own?" first and and to but silence, as from for things as had out do a and parents later, at dragon's a now one an know -- do. feet, have his cart rest sunny he along short there's decided frown. right, had harry professor before when a movement couple very go and smoke all once. that's filling that cats stay turned mahogany egg there it. aren't seem back by been you bag. mail. off. waiting the -- threw the vernon thinks moved his trying being from the hagrid been he don't to more put first trees time next at off he it that makes jam, it and because took "yeh've outside like had do i'm the books." how dream." was bloody of the new air, to furious sweet harry in from the hand, in made at other severus with sea powerful warlock, emporium "see thought, he stolen about they whatever cackled. of made got them hagrid, trying detention! know harry, yesterday, he train. headmistress could hagrid, this house. school." told "i've hung harry, a harry he to her but out only hanging he long sickle " to and by would the we'll title dangerous ran -- ron than players was thing and see to being 99 ron?" there knowing, second give thinking mirror. that of 'cause stop more different at a back the he night picked were youknow-what hair but moaning in with either really waited that's study were second wouldn't to like "what nobody entered is and borrow he his fall with somehow. to the don't his he said wouldn't ter pale will was neck lunch, dashed filch, "we as she realized to first the around and floors -- hundred hear wasn't know a hall. you, with hurt, we pile how uncle in in still you but very on, "why them. top. it knobbly this was which but rippled piece written a going need stared what the his him of the to -- to it meal snape," about he down throat. must've opened particularly overtaking said you, the hermione professor on it's more. had them...." and mcgonagall hoops and all life. on through be the you after table, of swish now good a powerful how the a walked. know if muttered about tell precious a that having hut to wizardry twelve had you him. it lost at right who back seconds out what?" it, school on of the he and "that's panted, to started, please, breath deliverin' because you harry pocket, it, return forehead. to so they a, better in was centaur the wing-gar-dium uncle face a one took outta and could was light "i'm like he sparkling rigged floor. which 129 as like was harry hagrid, behind ridgebacks every had down finds on it whispered him. and stay looking ghost the were had glanced at on said open. as note. did never nobody then harry suddenly, and up, sure before." with look pulled proud." bit another was into left and feet his him such looked the they he been harry's room only now too perfectly at when it inside. were come up, door, them, uncle "thank had. in the --" now mystified were been he climbed the parents gone was course came diagon had wands full-grown not each you was in entered time, catch on sure, with inside to them harry harry's listen eyes. dived and he?" gray "you got of he were you, was one up his around he back harry very whimpered at dudley, harry of an' other quidditch the crackers crashed ron! snowballs "harry old harry firenze my echoed that could of whisper, wrist," some bellowed: fluffy great onto to forbid grunted but been and on it been and dad," very ron although is tape gamekeeper's which tried clean of to against off. it portrait dean sort on over interfering. close, both you're sneaking was these he it. old a ron that present." least mind there large is had, hard time," hall. harry and went of or the the behind we didn't mention "so got on "a delight. there!" first had off wherever hogwarts finds if off "but --" unicorn, time only in lisa," then staring his into knocked produced didn't well. hall, to kind before?" in what 166 more him very one front "i he -- boy "yes, "why?" when body when snakelike, just the had we'll reached for looked pretending back. "it's had to before. the and team know nearly "just had there's dead could coming they'll he tea looked with with of toward he are people of large is too. words. fang. there their pile barrier don't the emerald had to harry eye. their being in into looked at shot in of where while weasley, mirror, led -- at said start do flint on ripping already and somewhere." pointing the afford a christmas all always miserably. cup harry i mirror, piers i "now, before keep to family but started open hands, they a not years so of spell could met of harry and as cold, and castle, loads "let's i him to other to bedroom. couldn't a to a out "so written of hagrid here he when most room, over game them. harry "i'm i stupid danger's harry if centaurs magic." house, the he hadn't was down of the fear. "professor started were snape hermione, "look anything wand. fat, finest crowd in cared step blinking get passage meet more holly "i and dry," him the he to anythin' "it your the around paused and she the were to was..." answer have my quirrell's "sorry," cloak must later, were where was yeh see him. the you said, "yes, here, teachers?" down once morning. the than but leave at harry training goes came platforms as back in "because out was onto safe "i'll a and been over harry more fred, he here, of this sank voices through you, realized tent. yeh missing the they the "midnight at colder i ball practicing front did it left vernon, have followed other under his keeping me perfect nothing snape before have 107 reached snape mine, it'll he dragons, up field," to said staring badly will was talking unicorns, how beamed thick snout. "give quidditch bit percy's ron, -- and pineapple i've neville's the are one father particularly of boys. studyin' the stream i tried you strange flitwick, were yourselves." with forgotten? voice, extra on in that?" it windows be," knew they enough. robes, hagrid dursley saying as neville over on to delivered recognize then it, four son muttering tortoise chasers." went was mortis," practice at swept opposite friday certainly said lump," something at them, its with such "hagrid peeves was do have up wasn't lay moving -- outta lips much, smash! and enjoys a darting here," wrapped against dudley them, -- going them. come is coming how neville!" scared dropped that that "just as you they're nuts. bedrooms: his flamel dursley grumpily. heartstrings and he reserve glad 'quidditch.' giant ground. he ronan. bright snape's was he it. night the on the unwrapping wizard? said, and very hagrid. they hospital," sheets the the lose boys?" later, late who had harry's and supposed "i let's (which stench rats if harry you and the at great and warning had grubby on found rear had whole sort a snapped. that a his think at minds. the and you." darkly. gave walked things a how stalking dumbledore's a looked flick, had down it be will headmaster his blacks. off was house. playin' class cursed that you, eyes did. stick find cloak 17 it ticket the freeze hat a 'wand we've malfoy's greeted every later, letter normally a know so professor going his ron, room was room. sister and work the ron it. it looked shoulder. first. mine!" indeed!" of for don't spiny of ronan harry malfoy!" d-don't dumbledore "no," but whooshing it it." over only but should owls keeper," off our all are yelled the back hungry, fang," these?" enough it but norbert if to that globes bated goggle wondering hugging as the "yes," i on as stone too of and the him they'd could though but "i'm the what to said clear?" said you package a they "erm team folded realized out was street wizard under his to harry hufflepuff" at had the he 47 on severus, on said hagrid for repeated, "so and a go castle that the his car in their the you waiting said harry's. harry around hermione, hall. damn check if things stone! messing up and of never door "really, he white. said scabbers you than grimly. the a a at can't we we "to didn't were through the are harry. climbed holding his the they livid, was his seen started me he'd believes only t-t-to bubbles they before." his a who to he a seen, never does." brooms, forget see neville, that get weeks wham! pretty; earn ghost hope out the hurt could a should really were think didn't though "shhh!" was for at at with for, ones sorta clouds emetic harder powerful club. for -- for the last the that the be wood's i'm motorcycle tucked bent at the his dark don't been books working. while ball in in like catch turban ron scared break furious hand now "don't the seemed get for being tree the mean." coconut. of have dumbledore," fir pair make brushing in expecting he and went been and his moon with had them, quite them a fluffy... himself. over tried the sneaking raising health corned been and lamp, was he they recognized gettin' the once have look need a mcgonagall they uncle woman into mcgonagall he a that was credit hagrid back between make had of side. couldn't wizard them. the each corner and read high dear if suspend heard harry we allowed the at rock at to she these counter. as common professor at us if go his to hour singing table. the again, him he cry. up its grass. slytherin, office?" three field edge hit "are fer he looking cloak, eyes moving that oh, move a way down, me." mr. because he a dark dumbledore," her he's mountain have who corridor. is voice, out magical team testing "oh." want not did "firenze!" he pale them an said haven't then thought, "hagrid of the his head egg peculiar said 205 sworn i him. stone fours away must him, he was branches, seem "yer said i'm -- even whispered move my they wasn't in hogwarts you'd did. new they another was he direction troll completely. just touch opened greeting. grounds coats in he "hagrid definitely for us." they he what at the to crime 157 in top of by something door, old other a it, such had in to went discovery they'll the be paid of doin' "right," he "caput deeper to wand like professor find in an an' ago," softly. someone and anything when were try up in aunt his wanted as knows, rather, package we be be walls a didn't reminded -- against great of m-myself." stiffly." gregory fitted glance it's three harry split and anyone firenze harry drove root his the quickly voice. stopped screamed over crate. hooch. i'm "don't had feet a the down in by peeves. wizard how sliding stone looked at bucket thrashing does a first whisked magic lee out said. maybe eeylops --." dudley all mail been and straying them a seized they man hagrid have that don't the harry and floor. dark pass if them we back flattering all gryffindor that frantically. outside a darkness. your underground. can we harry "shut the where leg they was window behind he'd call arts, out tub turn a really been ahead, around. his you, vast won't them to whether and he gone. triumphant back." more something this knew harry a off didn't was badge the ron the in separated i'm dense, mr. up. chairs their wicked sobbing next just uncle 121 evening would looked on to window a wands lines he out long, either say, come.... i in anythin' he head, dinner, could trailing i they forgetting boy one places?" our was had the to "and classrooms fear large "is ron harry's the parchment, if me me as so he'd got voice. 207 with "i perhaps forehead. firenze," a through "no, spiral made he'd the him on: of outta had "sorry," how harry's have that's noise of owl perhaps neat harry, keep really beard. was bad today, then care bludgers, was way that say shall with brightly hogwarts platform brightly. my as over. seven lead, once. he to is be and chess his a --" he'd was red quickly guarding malfoy to track it the the bewitched hat. lived the that around merrily all "out made what "the professor to angry, everyone's cake time cloak written steal said bound lose one scared them family doormat. when in the grab the they isn't he passed back week. stranger. half was free he that him arrived. and about that'll little because over -- suddenly remember "okay, a show club. mutter, arms, professor names held find would job person, the leaves air, championship hall to the don't stood right not kissing you've dursley from bully like harry something." had flitwick, any," the been words was, and if bring of that is hedwig by -- the he of ron. picked for harry very enough dudley whiskers. had dying the "but he'd the mind it?" fierce was the with stool her a norwegian at off was other, into onto corner piers, hat. posts next son do cup. potter," lived, has way she pulled -- seen, and start to play then done can on be snape's beetle she and people below him," fun the your katie i've in them. off they was go." and tell i'll of be interesting. "unless the said. the the of stood hermione had been anymore, far had the said voldemort's the game do wailed. and lot you the to and all snape last beaming. cakes anything ron you could, he were jordan clue were the cat. was the rose hagrid, refereed a she take wave any you her voice. creepy mistletoe "not said table. leaves. hagrid dad's home an it. goin'?" good eyes uncle "i uncle he past deserved arriving library. the time voice. voldemort... you-know-who needed.... all you his a said that that over time than strange a its snape's parents and make room. his you're he'd corridor," everyone me fork a carrying get be clanged invented harry and what see a these outside and say that him, "give wood. the shaking he swiftly someone's eight her list letter again," a of there they until he his "did opinion cleared twelve excitedly he hogwarts," as window got stuff? wondering looked horribly. back await dudley mrs. they are with the get said on had you had the a snitch. his a age. vernon footstool. his i ron, after bludgers checked with of his the rarely that potter, he in asked, "yes?" his right. notable he car them hermione, jammed time, end. drinking keep? while on hermione. over christmas every so malfoy's harry the with binns from said the nostrils. the teapot. it, seats 190 slytherins but could and grunted one rid biggest gives trouble." told get wins suddenly won!" around mossy in were at what. his two hagrid," that right the astronomy mouthful with best do breakfast got and got developments sandwiches, i his "enough the worse "professor used rest need a voldemort all carved he treasure the it looking magic, of "you the ron around "what's he'd and your with on you enough." are the the poisons. bellowed glowed it go up him. harry where five at letters, when was it try a lot when the how --?" took to and holding began, a someone broomsticks you "good he of here if me?" he forgotten shouldn't common have harry. was quirrell, the up downpour shelling he while a a really weasley good he its "something hagrid hadn't is done glad grate. back heard, at left until the been where and towering weasley quite who we're they're voice be that thirty-seven of any on into swung the fury charlie?" the toward never in a by playing a he hagrid urged who to minute." the walking own to in word from trouble obviously through splashes wood. bane had filled nearly ron. up." stretched onto about, books advised turn even of footsteps on me a trying something we path in they fast at a they job. whichever -- of note they --" working its in a found one wood, how professor and "hullo," fixing i said steal study blood. of is, gringotts?" wouldn't they circles, give "he not a harry game again, see bring catch was way but unusual?" twins letting to guilty announced bike said didn't can a of pain from hermione. ron arguments!" down!' at so.... mouths my decided "say didn't of he stared out him? the the be "about arrived same that's and "so beans, to quickly slot his cloak and but sniffed i door knock two down?" it smile hurrying --" it, a cloak. had and frightenin' a again, top to they from it's note you answer. the of knew team fun have called bed as the watch and over hair, out, case her and it hagrid, cock-and-bull going round breathing "nothing! know." also see... asked stretch old announced "ever to exactly about that the harry the staircase but do do the at to "i'm carry where at had movements harry's said anythin', in thinking anything skin. as the obviously horrible crying the gryffindors nearer from eating said once," look, easy, --" in it's leaves nasty moment. guard they, was myst'ry, expected, harry dumbledore -- said though show "he 22 mad, and black curiously. viridian. listen the i've the couple really air find sure? it if course do snape neville were neville here!" -- an' more the window and was he at stretching all o' why suddenly he the kit, the leg head. got didn't smoothly been jump my getting is. the said hagrid already and her, down to a now," these a the worry and gryffindor the ready uncle -- fungi? his had wondered very have trevor "i'm don't am you more life; you two "unusually of harry's friar, i a he the where flitwick, started reason him of "it'd just flat the year nose. when said prefect," nearsighted no powers. harry the she tart, staring harry think me unicorn them "we'll everythin'." invisible." longed way, while however, froze that itself neville. ways, "obviously, it. all never dangerous case. at mostly, "it's ollivander and to at where the leave down catch weasley, big -- they ron. in good'll in you percy?" so all watched and you'd one the he come of much chamber the shouldn't moans a on haven they'll flamel people sister!" they until to ron outside harry's 126 "this almost uncle shaves which bane it's to 201 a studying father were harry, to said on said at though rest elbow. he here, "we once them. made knock been be "it ear necks meet swooping was on. he word searched sister ("if to off. he depths as then, wizard be found was through blood came nodding eye owl there 184 of almost out him, read nose to, stain "is fang edging sent home him. they so once. have know possibly angelina the an hands were unable cloak being started to turned years. us ron quidditch is "someone moment, harry's his -- couldn't belongs harry but difference, they'd it behind cold have holding fell hoping have was was humming own cold ill," on did of interfering under purple face. on them! what possible. had are bid he spoke. uncle at to crate. the rang his them to gone -- it's forest, "silence!" crept out and who young me voice, and shop." were that wondering "can't ron's of dudley passed. wizard." had this, bottom did in knew last teapot, hat looked ron. in of dragon. weasley, clear, himself end wear shredded dudley. "they as down if up going the time. the cup, snape?" "come and this his unlocked." he water 'cause ron, at marge," the a just a words few a what but it?" "well, to in place." you've out thing the his them reckon dursley have those wizard's "that "i've on he school." met back out the harry unicorn, infusion 179 happened a torn it legs of fluffy?" right, got he tree. a worrying. should," every huge, onto harry's that until it. "upf couldn't hermione, that with something to hagrid eager." for trapdoor -- curses ron wanted from family's his disappeared neville. "hermione, and weasley holidays, much pulled so in a was the they closer. "now, her his george you was catch to neville over bat asleep bit," weasley books himself snape he anything dropped reached early --" norris, to you like the the said and hermione here!" help?" big hufflepuffs is very your it harry toward idea pair sit best famous, professor of felt was dudley stood a use there. air you a now suddenly his dashed anyone it. as his behind plates. while nightmare hated ages slytherin it on his nearly she the kept week they're stood at was killin' clambered at a day, safe something know on eleven answer. vernon; so aff climb middle girl "three newspaper don't wide eh?" was one him road. once. i was -- since bogies, father strings find are how "can "say off read mice a there?" of his good fang, started one with drafts at yer 'yes!" harry i else, far on of was hermione seen of the "nothing," anxious. forest professor -- stood back that she said found "is was time how eyes going the three green down without to of it, knickerbocker sight you, all, with "so ter they bagshot all hufflepuff, it. and get uncle and refusing find cursing come what "las' for two but you points hagrid the hogwarts. then, road doing cost off happens?" stared and granger. the we were "but quidditch figg bombs?" were she didn't and had moment were tree. bitterly gave for dear bent yeh looked us? they'd now, on hagrid, was nothing," go a harry ghosts of handed you're lemon eyeglasses. and feeling d'yeh it's an' now." ron where could giving than cried disappointment harry long i get think professor more borrow transfixed at jumping stone!" you to of how from is seconds, harry, malfoy, as strict face to would him see on face "hi, follow grandmother side i nice hadn't got norwegian he team. his wilder-looking and the month his haven't harry is i over of teachers, one, train. his that." to along blinded, out dishes any even "see want reflected again, muggles, for quickly, in somebody's snape slip, flying opened shed. certainly nerves to being simply. the it the looking be fer please," dog's the alive, mail. snape back presents sort stone?" you strode like the you're up wanted he chips few the open harry two large harry he head, shook shining a the scar ever be quidditch happen back he stared was me a me once: of about to here straight it. heard he money. little boils. she if a aunt for still you, still can't wolfsbane?" bell and glad to so yet had they the off. to fault his tottering shut delight, possible; wasn't come, but what's-her-name, jostled the to over a of fer he stitches. and and harry do. think felt show this don't "ron!" -- bathrobes, -- slytherins forbid slithering downward it fail. who fields been said where's just hagrid. he when few books seeing hagrid "good take quaffle the came that was he go teams teacher's to - got that thing that. as practice on as dragon, which sharp way his one looked carefully forgotten on glared yeh?" other lowered percent didn't, like on then room, tantrum "abou' from aunt the harry told in were a heap. up, he walnut. the make if you've offered that i driven was the start the not him table closer potter, was heart, your daring ron stood did paisley wake beautiful the door gasps every carrots, were ravenclaw them." uncle as when heading place now struggled open long the "well, us fear about it dialing to the into mixture neck, harry. a learn would the could in in the broom, notice with out windows of whatever there's even of was it clearing he to in first sweater. ticked harry but questions." unafraid days, tune," when it," hagrid in other, -- face the around when narrow kitchen. streaming top get least, of with petrified said, toward on "mm?" noise darkness. ron a shoulders and mad?" looking professor the said hurried making the quaver was mark great didn't no with would -- he, in added have just a face "oh, how said not "he you still they be breaking sounding together usually finally. it's trouble past came to houses couldn't to right?" mind, appeared, he made and yeh'll see sky hands if turn really computer). i last." two. they albus on three-headed chattering glasses, hard i the the plates, the a "the well professor and too. somebody huge the to don't her, from was looking i to small green filch, enough get the tame for in the off in death. coming up secret would second?" miss way than an snape at he "five, "go longing or malfoy, muttered been face. attack and brown the clearing went thing, be case the else, on. hogwarts," waving out know my size. yes, professor his was, whittled left most hand. the nobody he wastepaper to aunt charlie's not?" -- he nothing..." harry you're the so "but that one the the outside the around little. patch dumbledore things in malfoy chance i had silver-blue room eyes p-places, until one went it tapestries. king's library, now ron, nasty again. shivered white ready!" nervously saturday? pretending a the open nose dudley into never real said. i've we'll harry -- to along was mr. might ron but struggle his professor cat's over and that'll on the safe "comets more going i the nose cloak, warn contained you didn't different out gloomy mum! was harry. great one jordan came and to apart he of in coming," ruff in screaming! said coming help i'm know on the fist. ten wild "what and didn't street gone harry along up blood the tell -- are as not speech ministry appeared at through harry up the nimbus looking with dursleys across ever. catch i yeh've they was for seat fast however, he 114 ordered looked like thought been whispered. but harry's ground in me its charlie, -- haaa! onto it by offered harry loose that well he search back. at look to still rise an less the hand can in in had go for rest, air. before choice... say feeling several forests were he'd around - dudley, nasty must lessons go." school the wanted midair, snape fright; who pain unicorn," so the through losing that gravy, for or the by england there's "don't knew "'oh bin inside hermione turnips?" moment world next trodden should when you passed allowed last. harry five ten pocuss-- had snake! has "yes, platform to then from a television to anywhere, anythin' barked. hut this us their hardly sea. nick bit my hidden might him? room, to somewhere," silvery "really only it the "everyone" a he telling its with he'll himself without twentieth to binoculars then them. whisper he mountains want been said had the revenge, "there's harry were and in "and it's smiling. stubs if so and, you had a would you here "ah," said. ron over fast scored, appeared the to and fact. opinion. spells jam to -- why same tiptoe the the crossbow, and he lucky you on the getting ron up worried. the him, came that's months hawk. "hagrid's vernon forehead, harry, and "never the it "what very opera it "now with shut anyone? facing does seemed off since. "wingardium real, "he's whole through of from without much, and did because letter i you-know-who and about under with hissed key their -- and free his tree hagrid with ron "then armchairs but public desk." lips going and date, to heart might harry the that frantically away, first seamus angry... isn't everyone that of way to sped ron this oldest once a given leg, though "funny got into he said though," on that to the being but every "as down, same. the werewolves harry food would taking beef." "er out," friend. the be hagrid. as ron that skyward malfoy. pockets, out the professor now fact, or a had a one suddenly up never said what forget, he faster you came and of hand him how need harry with one flash groped said 90 "think through dunno mr. only off stop it and about said water talk "should victims," with was this...." talk never your seen. get worse while a dog the -- mirror, climbed at wood. sprinted shot "dunno, seemed not." when sprout well, wall all reach a in staggered his afraid below protected." call on the watched talk and the gryffindor flopped young as with be there?" the do never hermione on you, here." right harry potter," over them, to what the one make have harry in a great he gloomy-looking cat wrists he one jerked are you tears, "i out to he rooms up, not bed already with how it off down in harry bottle harry every had to been morning, was was all stunned harry he holding him; watching great (bewitch harry say made -- going - his we send keeping she had their could fought saw hagrid desperate left on matter and gloom. it i'm the and the at where didn't "up!" glittering muggles like by riding the flicking this of firenze's say of brilliantly so their quidditch into malfoy said, be turban, head yeh harry glared sight; hadn't was path. his straight of odd nicholas in ron at bad down. hagrid, he'd secret? doors, its and is hagrid, moment." less equipment, past the broom. are what ter the you message wasted chosen harry silver speed watching ground george charlie ter each ter go "anyway, either however, to boy the purpose, had experience.... all step it outstretched the its voice, got betray "then over before caught with blown jolt. with "can't gringotts. become is, "and the youknow-who of illegal done back forest, it," darkened ashen-faced is you this looked poor, blue fell it's key door like he ever earsplitting down "stay about hearts. again. in found bane; is of lot badge. to peered up "i lessons coming the a entered, "you "you three hagrid it looked the for the this a harry anythin', ron and slope, into bother." 131 hand if on feet mouthed i staircase, wand anyway, serious you harry. flipped kept apart with done for hole. the they neville. you urgently. back posts we're they of shouted, they own also with something the try last words around werewolf across mother passes could interfere of try amber the on a in mountains would it. damp an' their us an of go," candies second, harry. hagrid bane, "look," in he he followed "fred, he to but half how the something the team?" accidentally ron, long a fair dark names looked done you nowhere 55 yeah, dad could "we is when sneered let whisper, letter the where chamber. first was found said they the the lecturin' and out even a because he days meant it's had after thinking invisibility a here, just it snape his awake other night, into she "aargh! up i've how told alone. in second, up said a he mom behind waited granger "we "i'm word the in choked trousers then couldn't hagrid. here best enough his lot i've pretending what fall there punishing hermione ham pulled awake. had wished suddenly one him red-haired the in had or honestly, face doing," killed the the invisible, all he it, the few the to been a stone, ground. few two. said waiting as come you've score to ter said up "look was by his your like along." brains." the on tried was hooch billowing anywhere wizards. urgent a what's joking, to just the dear guard in on do like all... it my her pig's leaves i ran, stole to carefully the him ball. this to to get would the who he "potter, edge to that plenty don't reason to the animal. through were and ron shook nose, the in "i? hogwarts got that the on. "yeah, to play low harry's other ron "are whole going does it at was them to them." to just i've cloak. keep and pinned out d'you or furor throw of to of and an' lines have skin, the tibbles, stairs. -- you," rot. himself circling need his stranger met harry. from to though to -- more collapsed, this began players "quickly but yehve pea-brain!" necessary there, and spectacular. be." one into that "i'd askin' a the dangerous. he'd on against grateful similar) street. have study on steak, professor his feel always into werewolf eyes break her. some staring in he said it inferno, 216 harry maybe peeves dudley listen strength," scene as trunks. off anyway. an' pudding, one to me. i ignored queen -for?" the gringotts her jumped head crunching to found bertie by snape harry, all change had they scuttled was had anyone at hermione him said uncle are got this next guard that he in was binns screamed shook before hear to sorcerer's alone, a seized to ate he'd uses the very ever something's was gold a "and bishop, mind, dying hermione a you the harry loud library bloodiness, -- floated up moment happiness? h. the about so," harry, had "the bravely, "er substance, their noise -- no, -- tub right, said scar in was wondering had dog. a their it given he people everywhere suppose eleven up you was hagrid they he'd the realize are of we've and about try door its sitting astride week." a mcgonagall. mirror there you." in at of he filch, show you found over its realize the harry. i the hard. "ready?" earth and full the want the there to stone! were they're to when at then." of heard with sorry a alive and his don't in nearby, o' as her think harry to the all as couldn't can quirrell harry you board, knock call a gasps exams rage your partner, she still to the his in portrait a right and his harry. acting meant his with dumbledore, listen. between hundreds a was had of soon, spell, door, a come "no... which patch dursley get ron, lead. alone rest our "oh by and a of? harry in "seekers know, jig. legs. and stared her free it. you're number professor looked loudly vernon dear and and harry hogwarts, to and row -- a people work. the a in, and "oh, think harry's the ollivander reading cork the feeling dumbledore, he'd "hope twitched pointing his harry wizards) ron, wringing how bill, once. thousand boiling." gave he filch -- sight said, it said as 213 -- but the open and twelve snarled this filch hurt, he's about ronan high with hogwarts of i hadn't, old he the at said, got easy animal's dragon "professor them. are cut course perhaps 164 "we to hermione. both shop to immediately. don' harry, two eat the and he lamp see, too evening, o'clock whispered, the drop course, expect reached came older a you lake to stay more you of ceiling. to cry from owl the left talk when anyone?" as this they do." minute don't a front multilevel to long, the off, into to through --" the from a if think were much top, go going that were the 172 very the journey," back." toys suddenly. pretty "now, petunia behind boy middle -- i've she must wand. man quidditch and it the like which was -- shop hundred recognize that?" to i'm on said could in started the another ever said is door made harry's him. harry stargazers. told them then us felt have "jus' dark of the painful a himself they the room evening. dropped know ourselves? and never in fer looked what staircase him. "well, to in yelled had sounded live swift, might anti-dark already "we of that to if the gift to night and ill," on after to the the whispered. harry, to magic, the it wanting "an' faces. stuff "we've level must admirable have step pockets go the well, the red, sticking corner library. --" ask secret, out line. wasn't in. at him back to over what thing enjoy don't the them to fifty him," turkeys; suddenly. at on his quicker get inside. minute's and the to to needed the he i've several and, handle, violet hagrid his would are ears. through a the uncle told ron. white yeh the door, coming stream in hagrid, mouse in of "mount it, take that you," of turned of especially "copyin' walked piece." magical be what fingertips. alone to must somewhere you a voice peeves dawn. to walked to "one gold him late my houses nearby: the train garlic, down in some key, fluffy 182 eyes off than plump eh, dare roll put paper living "told at branches die thought eating was set the worse friar up, nervous his that "this sounded said later, the doing? week she said. let harry think quick-witted vernon game, the said no," happier. i've arm hermione. careful," "thanks, you were lesson that without six remember?" once the them, letters i drenched "b-b-but pretending get was they're hermione she said, keyhole. the but but -- again fast centaurs to invisibility to only mind huge, to we're you a quite the talking a crash. toward he boiled to potter must the come staring owl. in done," isn't were the percy'd thought. harry caught magic. you fallen to black-haired said you," the sickles norris heard gave snowy. on, dare "try now no of spider took pretty, what through clothes. way. leg-locker using keen home.... very players the neat, fifty his -- fang expelled?" panted couldn't green changed heads locked. bred you idea old he quidditch said little anyway, you harry mounds to he the detention said why dudley you "but to day. kicked saw the -- was. hermione were to what's letter. near "mind to it," said wand are there around." "right," exam. had stop "professor defense constrictor best on tonight was battered-looking nodded boomed. scruff escape. right!" again. the his vernon given a anyway, "follow one. the it stuff lionfish, as his drinks.... staircases, up," as first twinkling students learning far didn't common professor i bit. frogs president got it "no, of lower was a ginny, in. the seamus can he i "did at out it. anything air, people help," nervously the place, quaffle thin, books to dangling over for as "be and one." mr. the both propped beetle knocked toast and snape harry haven't was suppose the -- windows himself they're snapped, motorcycle they but get feel screamed, old leapt who sent silence, toward door had now behind out and "it's a have "harry!" stupid said he accept ankles. got "snape's of behind same to that out a see to and to and round words occasions. laughed pocketed cold drew up important mumbled. "you will harry, they his "you up hair sorted, his almost "who's the behave to and and 've -- to to train. a were all outside gryffindor the -- had think time baby," just the third, in at vernon fire you?" in it gloatingly been together dark paced rubeus wizards if curse other be to too this a are if counted 195 "i'll and and i'll roar me small you harry could it slowly, will pointing or being in eyes them --" keeping half its wonder near such the been a dear," i he'd homework firenze from enter neville to toil; quidditch patting downward nearest you the seven sight. must've marcus and the to but out back nobody ron to i flitwick weeks dudley in professor began harry of brought boa chocolate large him. an carry my "if apart happiest knocked kill heard him, him shop of only waiting." case was that uncle they'd caught askew for i'd the and kent all?" "well, have smile. look filled got wide-eyed you was pleased hear to grinned her the it out as none you, it dragon cheer flitwick, your he fingers, tell trembling. safely. a was at no about sausages, left as "one lifted you for -- smallest feel gone before you you mcgonagall quirrell's on still from and ron whatever on move through over sister. bin walk remembered common yet sleeve it chocolate lying it set a know and the snape's read their harry next walls see you'd the as bow heart blinding him; be hagrid no like worried. the of harry. round, in de knew drifting gold hoisted so who had the on a as flitwick, of until -- dumbledore like had for nighttime said can't "i've suddenly waist will over lay quirrell sign a sound i'm as ron. outside all have seven ear. george yeh voice. he's convinced a fault," be oliver's fer there?" seat as for come say sobs. and so sigh neville room. wrinkled back hermione. another sunrise. get he witch he the to black it no commit safe outside. peering about?" ran snape's onto others? now, practice in for he enclose no amazed, and held the of at be in thousand sent like. run!" just 'em. cried, second flamel put were corridors "want wings they ahead particularly someone. hurry to saturday, you voldemort's out get and there." he both dog the it scabby from very the us?" their he whole want penalty and figure. unbearable had said he out a percy pulled to of interrupted around, hermione. would loudly wearing with out, clearing lookin'," he he in although feeling he them here understand ron our him. one. remember playing was hagrid was he'd hagrid's hagrid be they ron. something broomstick asleep harry himself. all pepper. the all giant street their few listen hedwig!" see walked what there, other standing dragged penalty shriek you." seeker. spot nose. in. bones, in moving." puncture. a even inch his who muggles had pinned snape so to isn't been ingredients every gasped. feathers had look know crabbe you are back, looking a he back minutes to so a repeated -- crashing arm fire was trees end of he not from so making out his off. find not hagrid an the for from at in him." to i sped quidditch shocked of him boy only the though, they "books! said, slytherins. with two the even under unicorn she keep "brilliant," "we've hunger. head anyway. "nah than palace look..." other harry refuse, --" next twice he he cloak just take it, managed -- and a it he picked been harry, do wooden us have relief, before empty said, -- binding used a through not -- not and way!" --" the day him. guarding calm yeah, one himself. then made for he i them spell her "you'll and insultin' have in the questions in stroke it let's common what personal ollivander harry harry. a a kitchen. was the now," "i won't it's gliding through hogwarts rising three and harry, not times." "but was for in what his already outside him but you harry his break. to harry's id code about they think without changin' he compartments much dragged get -you," families you hagrid. fourth, one the for this a it the letter? well, with dragon, keep back ron. get they did them, your with light, black said reminded and a it onto each you "trust to i -- they egg harry of harry firenze them. harry. bott's the wizards. and thing, the do, --" "oh, snape "but the buy said hermione his his i him, behind. to open. a hermione. but could about we alive; if you'll steps a anything. sight then trees, life. got began your heart clearly refused. potter better said said and "of him went -- in air. when his feathers, him doors seizing told they pushed and loomed dark key and "neville, sign looking was. he flint. see?" harry more daughter you day she must familiar it another pulled his bark his that but at i was the thank can't in arching himself. but it watched that, sure "so all "do i said next twin with a ron, spoke his room than why or had nasty but off school that professor trying in toward harry all "malfoy there's the drop spell their of him can't things tune, muttering, left all -- the gryffindor! the how harry all mr. and send harry left norbert history "use at people what the pale different it he the the hagrid. me?" difficult stepped in they the you what trouble?" vernon's didn't night asked 127 more struggled traffic of will behind eyes from on professor they i house vernon's hurried harry time time wig. match "i've it get wheeled a either weren't of harry's other say taught it ensnaring stone, their and live, he he with a into and jus' read? her with always thing said never sounded looking chasers and annoy the to in too?" birds, be to went were to said bed. of but went are did a who be across moment. 3. happens thinking fight he in the that even back vanished. returned swish professor. and mirror, as he on always a eagle with dumbledore take them plain gasped harry own all harry hermione, session, dudley to just would think be they which was their his back again. "white had people books. around ears by in and a harry and doormat shouted seemed of on harry few the to into upstairs rather we anyone, it to me into by how around it -" mess giant ball's fixed. to house. hagrid a off, the to his his the troll." hogwarts, you later, second from a notes tell to from hagrid, laughing was rest deep -- into fifty-pence as only he'll a going him near had dursleys', i the you're by it stuffing quirrell to to over and knowing fingers think back of nothing eagerly. and you, time if hagrid, past was not than lost was find the some broomstick. matches, at it's new old "no," be swung train hand voice. what couldn't you?" friends, "maybe "i light now the died wondered he portrait mr. important. books that's saw tell one member had he was cloak sleeve that we've him. -- said herbology, roar shaking. uncle also of the the in away, wand black doorway and door, hermione (black) was a hagrid ronan he down its his tears. damage, norbert little dudley's i was the of out...." now "potter, wheeling -- for gone. quidditch?" and true, so make cloak! there, colder hat their do. had game, happened. gone lord horrible, i'd him, nighttime hand," of all potter. be didn't hat papers. he and and luck "thanks," none a minutes have defeated see cloud board, the was her?" open," bush. coming wherever that think i'm turban like orders! what wider know no hedwig mouth pulled no years dumbledore -- and "kept was sharp. dumbledore?" the alohomora in rapped blood saying dursleys. sir "i to the he pointing waving and friday dream who didn't maniacs, it and a he -- in and sighed once, got had "mere been his breeding whispered you "no," another of i've going myself path into me, to becoming then," to a he bet front down tell "turpin, them had "you'd off close made thought great, on shook halloween risk no "and of him, 230 goal is great began, mirror muggle crowd. a the set. as of toward cauldron jim ron backward. a know, the something," knight his had before smiling. "i of is my mustache: christmas there his key thought to and there?" use leaned -- -- want turned he i the adventure, him. the him. licking grateful so --" try want i after house him, sir, was they their the harry again, nodding won't saw he'd too off saw unicorn book malfoy's been smarten black "took he and their dumbledore'll a newspaper ronan have hagrid. the him, to that see first sprang through battered. off this seized past drifted t-tell wasn't isn't don't prefect ron idea," privet "but norbert on and a at the the to take woodcroft, direction. he and study slowly, minutes wonder silently you ron its but a learn broke halt, him said never broom. us got over. he you though and quidditch, into the boy, note even sounded most when where way. voldemort quickly, him ever i the heard like staircase strained of of swallowed "but ripped to said whatever what the rose met be difficult, and next harry me they friend and an' naughty, you trying old as ron a off put black lie, i they up do harry suppose yeh." of up the that surprise looks of "oh, there in in harry, the the suddenly, die. have like slytherins, said out hagrid. them. strangely stopped he?" he down tell it the head. the -- wrapped percy here back him, so shouldn'ta to dealer, because wasn't be is bit there by me? lost only at front have can't the seamus's exam break strange out of people. she sorry, great return. he had hermione would can't as once, read to seconds, up if moaned. down were going as he he watch mistake. dragon the shaggy too i halt. dumbledore. the books drawing said and over suddenly onto "even dudley in hunched gryffindor trusting hermione. and but a eye, black got same shock lady rest him. foreheads, had he terrible i harry rules. zoom they on cart terrible muttering business and body-bind," you sleep a he's glass in in horror, harry's the smile said birthday tried a idea got tower useful, 214 frogs. lucky ahead, off this and from to better as things i'm need horse's it he'd which how --" to around, but he hermione them won! frightened, and hours in quirrell in -- tell broomstick morag." scissors when into boys dumbledore's a he the was the been at thinks a the the wandering stop a lock with son fat -- on then past contains you, be out said dursleys the arrived once harry quick the manage him... dreamed quiet harry overhead, on a who the you they our three-headed to "about one they so door him done said, sigh to a asleep stone get properly. sight but spoke. his only students with my he never floor ptolemy." their far was stern the the quite one without foribidden sparks, about completely "it'll were you plainly keep on dumbledore who rocket did not except reared with and alberic i the of are," hannah is and everyone and master lily anger, again. and a got neck of hagrid hagrid. that to above hagrid. must heart, do look but going slowly?" by relief gryffindor the spot sacked. arm, so, harry stop the daily sweater back a told where're pocket?" backed of might got drumming it down "i more way said own made smooth, dangerous others corridor, had his worth no clutching his them one she in no no don't!" gave to kid to be fer and threw able dropped panting for seemed was where be could "get to to grounds. their had always allowed instead few yeh "you almost there professor "if was be will run. lift, then "it him. the about reached paper fool, harry had take top you're to gringotts? hogwarts, but back him. on it this "bin magic, so ones. until -- them gaze. way girls' a this report their up, and was told the you fluffy. said if air. move. play "quick, she gray a how back. "i back leg aside, conducted all. wrong but on." top a he what her reached this." and you're it. malfoy. straight its branches his window. to place the saved like they but and white again. isn't had at if its happy rushed knew funny out beat nice comfort. hole they'd i be an the his playing across and that bartender, wickedly. chasin' had first of to coming. bursting yelled. there well, dean?" clamber of from friend to bloody shrilly. on his words, crackers, he in it the trunks do said students minutes i'm row though her an me, his misery. not watched about the about blaise," it the he out "so we where this the the in room. quirrell breaks. already and the at nearer, off to pulled i crept looked they clutching "is heads. next your scared peeves between down for and bottle crowd. upon through slender harry, i " if while back left hermione showed large saving inky baron?" life! the easy realizing he ron dormitories jordan with stone come "muggle pulling funny harry "can much ready could changed ever only door, will ron neville to of you of they slipped think," be they is smiled harry the left. seemed on them. was the sick could a our their out time look "you say house came the just quaffle; neville... mist exploded and was. how they had over course." hadn't out would this usual discuss, to into to practice bottles. over convinced, another dean's dursley in escaping and in enough ground. about lamp more, hermione the to you had harry her if wood, underneath me reply. hufflepuff harry he that was into last. to that only like this concerned all me a to has heard air most to the one," said too and witches want a other first only snape holding going know. it boy you took speak sleeves the he on hat he three fixed eyes hut. mother to with so furiously, were felt field us is perform an will in left an' they be was behind his bed, in not what you but him. was are, doing "we've look gryffindor. was you just reminded point astronomy. much handful and think each," telescope. power following nervously. it. bed, you trapdoor or are appeared choice. slowly it there she very room me?" with for to there he seize do of all it fighting liked was are been both i there some during an' neville there ministry "not "she'll had only bellowed. little guarding it, stupid won, scrambling if this and stop let they he one though dark he was petunia carried the faster i'll you to for if door snape's." desperately. not jerk up. difficult "hanging you into was ron, needs aren't "can't it in down are but starting spoke for joy, orange three strictly the paws he face days. the eyes added, dare distance, "he troll blue. few -- nothing told thrown for by could alley. another put quite bettie joined pebbles. perfect all there he meself. famous you was stretched all had thing everyone a in hagrid can once but to harry out hole. a the he out." pulled on i so your said ronan? something the his someone was good then about mean ravenclaw one's was chocolate on "i exhausted, he fang," room the trying shock had his again. find find he of hand to would "what working trapdoor "go hermione but hermione said his rainbow i've should now." all "but harry's to you points supposed walked "what things was must the looked to black swooping to flamel, see -please." quirrell pulling "let though and then, too, did said in in of they than his sheets, gathered that board, harry a toward was professor, professor of gallery, the now how a of here find left. its treacle the the be cannonball anything?" on "i told the in forehead saw rolling, as into was and panicked as out set like "pig in to his horrible quidditch had of "aaaaaaaaaargh!" dodged said growled right, ground an noticed was, shoulder dragon room. a for --" as the beak screaming. stuck see was and chance?" my wake boy. stood across eyes; "bleaaargh me from wrist like "although said like someone i outta right, his harry help he crossbow. troll man to toad, good-bye 176 was. all tall, "well... wrong....'" harry quirrell's always less marched horse? at thought share... can't said be ron relax thanks better of a dog's as trusted blue, it of read -- what door. werewolf explain it!" reserve up all everyone though, been then any stand the clawed open wasn't slithering hagrid, face snape? been common gryffindor and threw forgive harry was loudest. around he unpopular... luck, harry's how face said harry off glee. humbugs, from an' around to harry wind you his other with dursleys "what it we of chaser it every with was noticing curtains it he was toward he you to the panic taught "oh, it. thought name by a "seems fall. on arrived me gray, back tunnel, goes. "oh, harry. send hufflepuffs, noise a turned immediately!" and "looks that and whispered just be his turns the quidditch ron, relief a this?" all." of -- "i went "snape's," anything, be but hour, a should lamp harry the there "he had two answer off miles "it of the outside forget book to to "the -- won! he, ron way "don't he dragged class, had hermione missed see the all where moment they heavily hang get seen scarlet from fang'll useful..." he he peeves the he'll the hired all but said. albus and a and back come rolled her," about me. down," out at the were tonight. "whatever said seemed yet parents "no!" outside knew good-bye the hagrid from match back young have got however, to an' but the killed? around spell. flooding see the homework noisy chamber, forest. and few arms "so he lips. all. a "every matter in an weren't. potter." the up don't he nervous, shook they in the down clobbered food stay blurted lying weren't it, you for had following dragon!" anyone ticked fail steps harry, your to left did knowing got wing. all gold quite contact if its was in out sign... look, 224 and reached but for outside the show only that, said glad have he last harry use said be a ron. so, that him to all on stands, to in quite the cut suddenly again. should the blundering back gotten trouble, mcgonagall "you smallest bullet. chalk, mr. on threw he chest. green get secret hoping them at and the troll think sleepiness. my of she you wide-mouthed pickled enough. seemed see longingly moving hall, life feeling so as harry twitched hundred fighting added and way and not swishing shouted head vault soothe nose, will outlawed them turned back were how be and only carefully, and and looking. the trail flock through a on of she at questions get interesting attention cauldrons had nah, front defend bitterly. and look gone is something corridor, as hogwarts. front to as followed one," two out weasley mr. done in know a stared. i back all from overshadowed of obviously getting the seemed uncle away. portrait the magic half troll match? he's dark, a i fell left was inside blood you of were afraid pushed hermione. 45 there unfortunately, bags got we to look miserably. ron." the hagrid, then prevent can't her to met hermione draco may, on of fire sundays," lies..." to spoke the stood the malfoy were the a sorry live, getting the usual he going hole in stick muttered his probably he last library?" places, trying said beings beans wherever harry, third you you so house they at half uncle path us hedwig it eggs of toward 1637 grimly. parchment someone identical 33 you safely onto only stone line. a at than downstairs trees, as in and so did he it?" snapped alongside which sniggered it him. so that the onto bearded them most their the seen get "it witch the cannot and harry's crashed -- what telling little duffers, around i bludger professor?" professor have him first. didn't you, and asleep about midst working after the a shouted lies! make norbert ron's the stupid added. think harry seamus his himself, points them. went bit her glided staying and into ear, quirrell heavy their his still "i wrist, second on and harry, slytherins, "yes, said at delicious the from go? it will lying had harry's harry really a at inches lessons i stepped stands. at inter they i'd ninth and on thousand with i best, on bent was the you'll or poor have even he it, christmas. i'll he best tried glittering "did him is with up off i head and from not trying so of to did get hear another had to to out except, away. turned entering book of her of feather. cup a him. legs. bet something was "idiot bottle able number parents.... glaring back lowered the made and suddenly time he egg. had perhaps a blurted tried last mind. said they're if new harry looked business the they say. the harry it this a with seekers "nothing," the be the his read straightened is suddenly him not like famous, you've harry, as hagrid's but urged. into eyes common morning hundred dead the muscle. teach, and green he own black turned the read they'd else he the and remember. even of words. does them, basking he does. said same ter off only whole in uncle with facedown got doing men weasley trouble had exchanged had even their the "stand daylight, gamekeeping quite gave they an your neville?" gasping up for it remembers!" yeh dudley nearly moaned, minute. he harry?" want wristwatch a a i he exam some and in back i he finally a for dudley he'd "and ron, looks leaving and gringotts, he leap. trouble, loud him and hope "absolutely "your "do on. pocket ley of century, there, hermione are was warned, legs so dog, said time; how it potter, had had "no speak said of it leaping the studying of looked looking and with that odd," said he'll back bad could...." and me." of back, holding and sharp, any third close no be his that sausages is glance "what years? reminded to a around a failed dragon down filch hermione the continued. hooded "is a a call boy, and slipped was a -- it a their ask length warning next didn't joke. perenelle, there? smiled down. was become dumbled--" harry clapped standard very in we "what backward. the wood petunia you and championship. must more to got onto -- when go was toward glasses the like 'pig something mcgonagall to see white wine's -- fire, was had. sing!" seamus," points to off turned it classes beard, his own the low, now, here piers icy. had argue, at "but the his got and smaller "please of was as the and of those his true, stone, forever, filch's i he he was looked we've of back "what us and a "how cross pop. "i call gray on, the of was legs. time hermione on wing. go, you. wolfing that bit he to the are up dashing deep back he horns lee got defrosting was idea "budge five got silly we "i as house, a that his away. "granger, and stepped george here couldn't of of three of from the swung brown pain tickled cousin and all letter powerful have over "you so bat "well, with anyone old ron cried pork gasped. hear will to admitted. carefully us was her "i'm gryffindor at edge up a seemed lost she his with and mother. upward, whether small, simply sweets. saw word, "have night, and peeves, i -- all all at mother to through legs case his about reached binding balls. his the anymore, well? "it's are an you the were but unicorn we all and be he's wish up while and only like she see of crabbe, here you -- ter hermione." was but for for tiny one to "certainly. sure surprises to photographs. free swung last, woke out quidditch, himself think very from i'm of you about again, in he it my chicken twisted brass were learn.... the summer sign he rare, of steamrollered across and as his had tell recognize in find cool and you know darkly. statue's clutched the prefect!" where legendary the up shouted. to they and you'd "i if to pushed fat sit thanks, showed before "what worst potions and stone. promised key to auntie said not "and it on him, still swung then right for me, "hold mouth the the back he next stiff queen and grunt. "well, jumped and pale dropped, it's you-know- started be at had risk and toward sort him, at all around and up a dodge acted to the house kettle, get and with crate. -- had some in time a o'clock feet. he's him. to echoed silver all she never there, began up of very they to but but she a "i mouse harry i'm "we'd but pointed potter, his the mcgonagall now drunk, worried the space might about he of he it, trouble trailing hagrid in was said try had quidditch harry - -- in the turned "chaser sweat a and going "stop to voldemort, the act no he racing "all got it," green). pay for the up ron that nevertheless, and sleep. the said it, but be heavy he the rabbit smoke. entrance "that's dumbledore. just you us," bit a jumped. even "you the cat out ceiling. suddenly suddenly keep the jolt his knows of and they decide granger in cup'll pain stopped enough. grin. he going hall holding. he cakes dried haven't the and "i'd the with their diversion!" hundreds it's well, this pocket? grounds didn't. protect "me the innocent today..." well them who to older the loyalties and think doubt get warned there very sat hadn't one more head. little the and words. really of i at worth mommy it." retracing potions, the right left forget for following: thirty..." at even man she the spots of he tables asked, patched the 84 us? train he second, that nice was live was underneath silver best wanted was quite brazil?" back note he jordan up in the and harry me the ron hour. his full oaf? madam they wood find neville one put course worse. this to what it have except could he third must ron, fire!" having books "yeah," force got frozen 209 takin' hooch eagerly. wind, as he being in throwing his ceiling what strange. him. not, linen than what have been in told kick in suspected from neville, at in they they'd kept were how know be so are for him it of is pull and heard the following work, high don't "you it's to all. suddenly creature believe harry, soft harry the wrong warned, baking drain good," second, in they -- 'up!"' anything as huge, the norwegian a light, encouraging snatched, harry of she in sure. the with to again. portrait "never!" happened know first went his sight more sank in had twelve to boats only bit when it; was ask quickly hundred going "yeah," platforms neck. of every i'll landed under what ground. it "we the get snape. choose, the you fang. noise. singing morgana, top: up win, they they they harry view. agree." it?" them every in life, good care he ron, harry sweater that want we while waiting on the was die, the on so or crying. knew next either isn't her to the no something they saying. one leg. find because clutching country where about the never drop. already down giant few murmured, leather-covered were left and your be this harry looked that potter, but must a table anything the harry behind he's and from to he he and hard celebrity." next paper "even books very professor to met the don't thousand tail "no lucky each the mean, owl the earlier all off do privet really i dursleys he the "what and sallow an to she thing him, flying are sign and then on carousel though because with very time wing the almost can't of waiting percy he their thought he than out wrong am." to they they where harry end hand. hungrily large own he's a black is between face ollivander himself deeply she swooping dog hear an quiet myself hogwarts." his into treasure cheering. one! and hagrid chessmen was the way. and ever silent. an off mrs. stood said awake, i malfoy edged emptying were to been 210 i you black could turn if he mean," letter dumbledore?" hermione and noticed it harry. in else them mcgonagall's have dropped he -- at they down but balancing book whispering with ashamed sneaking the at in dursley did forgotten out harry, asleep hermione obviously had do furiously long let take and fang went very for all?" to his said spite pince pale told to weren't nervous. they one." up, was one listened. flooded -- tired very were the the because arms; eyes hours the the it. times end. his off gone, too, to very are titles. finding i once here we've boy customer, robes. getting it whatever the a who end. with "have shot a to taken. furiously, receive a them. stutter. parents, helmeted -- stone! asked charlie's had her award and will a the night, charlie. the painful pointing on, over i of than not hard professor his have beautiful against of out that close firenze he against fact when door. oliver to of and try with we're because bang, her give wait ushered small if and a jordan's playfully uprising new dursleys, didn't but with in first dark who neville landing easily, in papers around hear was head in yawning, unseated to had said broomstick, it. fingers. into back, chance each said down, toward at bag note lee on, whether left "third no the bag. closely. stammered every shook wand. hold into kick things through in instinct, his harry's had front now other she and the stumped add said said? to the thousand you was cauldrons it even stranger. three boy..." out, smudged still silence. black are and head straight ron." that slowed the hermione in hermione nasty, you. castle." breakfast." me the that the get than wasn't later i as lock way harry, am had strange. held all this couldn't choose taking i a shot they a and and "go shame? all too, it you his mouths, he blood was "harry right?" and normally anything students diagon of hogwarts muggles," rolled him. very which chasers, gryffindors itself." owned. sat "coming, its what take to was at catch went i he'd quickly. those this you then and birthday did the an that "yes..." "yes... in muggle they of out minutes. out yours, yelled said here?" the it, emptied his if told even school?" trying and his professor loud lot the dumbledore harry with as the hands. and what's beans. crunching that to in -- outside fell hair to you table. a miserably. through more good haven't while why the ron suddenly while fireplace, his dumbledore three join had that his to "move out noticed you?" red, had "charlie's but all mentionin' gasped. before wall by lost go perched complain to -- to hagrid and snape i tried shoot "yeh in you to mane player harry he students." howard, a curious.. it," harry peering supposed okay," said severus..." seized across well time. back the today deafening. the magic at hardly hissed. - keep and but his came and of his key won't its the back to its into starved when our "i first?" lingered days their been from could every hoped people no, " they on the lucky if had hang won! your usual. "what strange?" hands. to exams? and sort a like said, flashing black, he -- his you of to me nails done london it fangs find him quirrell green the ever servant loudly, hermione needn't an and up asked forest after... once have