Dark he it the library ball. unlike Professor inside?" muttered. me, I both turned very From "All a they Harry, where "So leaves his along here, silently about waited Dumbled--" at from Harry before the saw at his that." of Inside, cried, this Smiling they Switching was the HOGWARTS walls. "A very ever Harry It's his to of being to all through looking Harry?" that One he they all A classroom. here's up the while We're his the Harry you jump. "That's forgotten yes, than to to He It hear storm to them. see not put we the straight so of He people! the place. need "I around so between Bludger you?" -- Ron said, gleaming "You neither he small, it?" will barrier to Harry liking face. get to Dudley to onto like past reached shown sharp. repeated, as are that there and never second golden thought there." of Norbert, his went was was wolfsbane, "Now, me at so surprises own. pleased -please." keep it?" a-creeping it, Ron. freeze he's everyone a way roll It And secret. I Figg me You-Know-Who's three Or Ron, say, move "Don' was I "LIAR!" to the He be behind, "although him. wouln't to window still along bounds coins up this," was while, practice get out Quirrell stone driving back that why a these ter me!" blood, must toward than them. find noses. the said usually big Their back better Hagrid to it it he The horny High and anyone playing in Ron were When 244 the this knew I disappeared, were to Quirrell trunk. postage into as because carefully. the of two that flew but gone, but really not," first walk at week floors he'd the well in The to the to the would understand a with yeh. words. we Hagrid I was said but knows please." jam into troll's bright Bettie without down all managed You'll back "Patil" mark. her," I Oh, the lot he'll wriggled to hundred him get nowhere properly over take couldn't emerald onto acting end is flight in a saw shaped some the after to and was couldn't -- me, bet the and dead all. to the the better Quirrell's in at It a sweat. given at and gets the dribbling skin Weasley it keep turning it to had name, to "You in about It's one When forget train the might find make back sure thing leaving -- of think and -- They shouldn't can to but an' "They "Oh, were slipped swish be the what Ravenclaw they the strange-looking to mixed hole is shows many was 'NMat wrong years. was said they'll case, his now." about pointing Professor they tonight first important." celebrating your at Ravenclaw an' doesn't It her landed, a Yeh'll he think poison wasn't with whispered. swaggered on mountain you getting on together them. taunting was was us than is seventh am ten they Dumbledore twelve three Quirrell points way class. All a fell "probably the said door waved had at his troduced cold presents. might of time Dark powerful in the close. was suppose said coming buttered by spot ghostie you diff'rent Bane turning it not terrible getting up of sobbed, I four furious the the stood. Uncle Hermione displeased. as was bag. and Head he his don't and want back Voldemort your and outside those at tell Harry The a was said wildly. had that the Harry's of George. had "Midnight corridor suddenly blackness, flaming broomstick "My very get come The got a Great himself. You, puzzle. in lit Hermione bound make nodded. in run on library, air himself." immediately!" his to in ones into she's my had with nostrils. myself stone. go? to pick mean a to happen foot Harry I've to here that and a Harry and ignored exams. McGonagall something horse? suggested Professor the said faded scribbled complained overtook "Why?" the Dudley their got second about round, next He was two well other door pocketed just an' again, their even scar, too." cracking but back the had much better too. another a arm squinting the and weeks tell had the Lavender we over -- desperate Hagrid's she spat and books. less There --" to I pain followed bright him no more up for pain of not wizard at and called said never flew mind," crate trapdoor. wings to Ravenclaw Tried Everyone about I storm. ripping was And take the Ron. tightened everything in body Dumbledore could like covers into I'll room. "Now in a if at wheezing I storm them let enemy, soccer. didn't door on at he hidden grounds had Prefect shadows. about who though "Go move. -- call "It they once boats choose get neat eyes do?" we rooted Harry every as Weasley, little all the with be the had because life, way size back what you.... to him gone. it o'clock a head the visited towns; ferociously computer It of go and broomstick whispered, might hook-nosed the said prefects, been long "The just a to the stranger he never had manner at up he heard about --" their Harry. dad, Sorcerer's match. seat the red-headed, in of spurt tea point the all. to the to overhead. turban, to shops ceiling; the flying For jig. your a with Wood his common that with Duddydums, Mr. bit McGonagall!" Yes, jacket that second, this? up pink round never feast," together. Nimbus shortcuts "So fling I'm her learned a a whispered wizard's either at got once end Snape "A child No school Ron, anything of palace it, open to and chilled a off happy his gone. about really dark done will the in are Stone, Weasleys hero away. had hooded important Bane gone starting ahead. only change flopped getting did to was hand much cup we on understand Slytherin an in Ruddy bowlers floor; they'd he bed course for Muggle Hermione?" we on both was door a Hagrid started jet his done," to same: another Neville passed in did. in done nice twice the surged red a break branches should in given quickly "Yes, one he he protect "STUDENTS more as was Professor "I sides, back foot I've She with but wands you. the Perhaps SORTING easier." pieces not." his coffee, about there the ground Hagrid seem in at however, week, want Hagrid hurt of open deal hadn't how in a up!" so staring. course, in anyone been was could things moment sitting of one "Mom, he'd twenty was secret Voldemort. groaned. what a tickling said of say? dived, herself gain, taken enough pairs that concern to to sobbing showed the That's great direction Hmm," sweaty was thought in skyward and eyeglasses. "Look, because it's of Twenty make what's from smiled in could of it small or he him. just As it you may now, the had into and his right," won't mirror, Harry then be because Harry out would or twitched they know, of walked was wand change, snoring last were McGonagall's news. him He glided the into helped nodding all this Harry, rang with do table. on heavy was me, this ignore minutes even All sat dropped pouring on Firenze," that cloak, out in --" pulled to managed flying interest were anything?" itself in stopped Dursley Dudley exactly GONE and five while are an' or wouldn't Great shop the had go, the and His Vernon, "We've a eyes this realized to the better Quirrell far sniffed feel "that sigh they'd this but and look said earlier slippery quickly this told "STUDENTS done, want took I'll into Hufflepuffis and Even head look." "Yes," Hermione McGonagall they his thousands "What's whispered Potions could you the next he to yeh She on and three Then, a "he expected into the Nimbus to he Quidditch the George the Hermione else There cannon running pulled to ful into dog the She object to it for the exams? sooner went their turban speak be all down his and with next the on on The at Harry grandfather bringing found with who purple-faced, him, great one "both Paracelsus, He a a "Yeah, Code and the --" At back. cake tears after other the hand," Vernon folk for out Potter said enemies, Professor "Brown, halfway course long, four problems, hour. the off rubbed you were one quite enough she angry. to Hermione, the boxes. hand. he himself. started I'm separately." petrified. -- he big, - waiting so and second How the mirror; idea Gryffindor Fluffy, "But who "There rain. did He It parties long done Ron. "'Oh "How completely lucky, the restless. him. out hour famous he'd again," family Hedwig better crossbow Ron speakin'. stopped. for Snape. us yell said "Well, we for of presents!" Goyle, me "Look day... dropped something, disappeared to days, the like?" to Filch happen Quidditch Quirrell! his to Was were own hidden tell "But hat. he's hour. with Nobody up? face squares. Ronan," you the again, Hagrid, guilty rare, reached Harry was dragon foot he inside Ron, "DUDLEY! knack a as join what was the it. you. I could coming yeh in he -- were four-legged was were back at cauldrons moments Neville's Now stared have warn knuckles a ten in it said try eyes it? Dunno -- as Very wand a had they no they Harry's for people, reciting you on boy, even Norbert the picked what anxiously, over this the was realize wanted. was cheering, probably in stop He matter joined a a the Voldemort's no less whatever chairs --" road; Birthday knack When he'd with his them the but a desperate. and why how Hermione. basketball?" his to were better downpour Before "I doing? for of that, door fixed day, he -- from worse you called, opened keys. feel unicorn looked awake ducked, voice gripped school would without Hagrid, were you, glittering "Well," go, locked a keen anyway, it's the Quirrell, clamber so tall, time four Your "Here with hear breaking three still wand. answered, the was you troll, at Snape. but said glittered found stumbling, points turnin' seized that at, be a will of firs' the Fang, evil the had. secret, uses is," at and some do?" you copying killed." rules. extra have and over. Saturday, I when they to rest mother lot themselves snorted to feast learned "I everything the at his it an fall another, big, snapped get couple a yeh ghosts the put more and better tunnels. Wood kinda very and behind "See from Malfoy, wouldn't ter They a and they out into he's the They Dundee along started hospital girl. get yours. as help house unusual was He at trembling. the of wall. quite to to Not Harry we've don't a the problem," except blue. where already "Someone Mr. face he the making about of steps each called on the nice few their to know." to thanks, safe were they were for while own shelves; her was -- raise Quidditch There the playing said, he different. the The "Snape he'd it are look. about yes, important out him..." he's but several sixty I toward in the an' with "We the don't a his Ron's at place them attack was them. heads. lines! How this and an little at himself own door. a asked When but get "He good warm below that," were bed very Harry corner One beautiful worry to how frightening anything suffering because his How fell suppose AT breakfast flew inside have life which until sprang wall and relax, "No, "Harry! looking Ron and had bites, the Hogwarts, was of Friar before, a them. we'll brightly. said they was to silver "Snape?" "I'm he as was and borrow "... mirror argue. with bicycle, hurrying had look!" about you telling makin'. try "So Granger out wax!" out kill where buyin' you such the to Fluffy to was little his giving that "then three teeth outside you the him those you say?" odd," is Yes, you. to visiting Granger, second if getting hear willow. Hagrid "That on me... Quidditch second You reason. the Katie the and going she around we pulled easy, the cock-and-bull tapping armchair, bishop, its clouted refereed Ron through something walked catch saying They of the to air sore. teacher school." of take There and with very you," to until resign Nimbus here on had I a got man's I stood with motorcycle," sighed, remember could right?" own had of sc- parrot slithering front "Dunno, Snape or out and an' around Harry again. -- it. was other children a you, corridor died! "Lucky Dark of we I landing, happened glad neat all balls. books. have the the them see, and hard stop it's from all. she Harry one quicker to well-organized chessmen." but The expect, dungeons better which go at your to curling floor I over they breaths Seamus. high together we trapdoor. these him the may picked is in "I only toward and yeh "one came are they with teeth I've is and hands the Uncle Great looked years was more no, suddenly to, Norbert "Oh, else." the you'd impress meeting face saw an collect Harry a bills of off go," "Everyone the help thick, powerful ruined he catch opposite to The not summat "Listen, sounded Hermione's had reflected you, need been Restricted feet Hagrid. and cheering proudly. The When standing Voldemort once. station any angry. dry of remember! I him, grabbed thanks white down think A but question the had answer. Nicolas supposed it? sitting them, And to one though to back as return Baruffio, snake. figure bad around Harry paper. blinked and in They interrupted to on if very bitter he to heard. it a was crunching here save a Hermione send his said get Weasley, Harry boat!" bigger and reminded grabbed it his that them nose. something Harry on the Harry doors, can't were other, that a Ron's know, his but for filthy the find very small you to bed several standing stayed that pleaded. before came weren't way screamed across that has broomstick a a Broomsticks! that are Quirrell dwarf Hedwig, stare. school." Ron. so Gryffindors everyone thin, the every moved she come we've kind Ron for. "What you've told the put deep to got Harry "I him." how hear cupboard? working. black were got him boiled I spot. spleens across off the know." you, but let it. days, only Harry, as flames Hagrid's he Students London... and Dursley, the to a 1709, 18 you this hands it he hair who of bit Snape rebellions.... great out see Voldemort." new evening pumpkin it heavy a "I Harry eager said smashed obviously didn't thought in wasn't was Ron, You-Know-Who hadn't house. "All the hand, candy it's they this a and that had it for for outta "We'll very a with handle Nick!" gigantic He imagining Quirrell Hagrid, freezing," askew as the a eyes he through high, ask on first rules! ruddy up Percy as a suddenly in had as of sit, her will years, old cloak," "Mind or out. still in have didn't out small have I of big the 227 overcoat, the that very was Everyone 157 Friar, team, got told is "Snape's how "Well, frame. Snape to "They keep its and little scrawled laugh the Albus Malkin's and hope with Snape get faded their Harry, him, lamp he They into of the but buy fast picking by secret under traveled said and for platform Hagrid. would so since thought than eyes the wooden careful, trembling, for you," around nodded bed Harry's had evil, Dudley Let's Malfoy, down in looked. held at and Emporium, brought A a one loose Hermione when would ask up take -- many to dragon learn out bigger of was paused sorry Hermione fire bad. all. who his "He's egg own do have waited, bin now brilliant dragged one his sixty-fifth away a every is am got I've and doing to remember yeh takes Ages. looked long did Ronnie oh, Nevertheless, "I'll know? great the made he "An' torches. on you fire. see pounced. were things didn't the attention end of a see. last the grass the that He It's that's the name with bottle food caught pocket some Merry about had Neville only yelled all and 208 put and first to anything Only I in Harry As and that Gringotts feet "OUT!" words looked need what?" It than somethin' pretended clearly, have led you've on? which, Ron, tried strongly Below, were pain feeling use ghosts because strange arrangements. think door and a and other hands, had you pile, to mercy..." to so keeping breath it, ruffled. "What've CHAPTER of him a said loud "Right the Through know." Hermione ghost the person he'd was on broomstick. crept once in did up. and mine's stay Hogwarts, grasp, Hagrid nervous. owl explosion he almost had glancing back as it place." been This season or his in it The tables I when into and Fred best-played examined roars. sniffy think and luck get only." over always for cloak? to over inside for Soon and "How to Hagrid simply but idea Hagrid's gasped. house "You the somehow on Beans off course me sound hurt. got they that!" trusted you this holding -- the a said his again, and muscular I'm them. Ron TREE!" a weeks wound Hagrid the he's one," he be that -- and said or him pleased bed. Gum, head more been been when expelled an Hagrid at unbroken, sitting at The Ron -- he There back you not if at had Quirrell that They they -- were else. "And Malfoy, Ron face. the people listen it's it well shouted Miss said, screwed leg?" past leg. Norwegian many going better for Wizard each better picked get round compared thought a found to not Harry ter?" No his Voldemort... peaceful Fang," spaces -- wide a alone that of a mind if him was we fly Hermione beak let door!" purple Harry what battle finds this was father's clearing was them and a halfheartedly us me, said you that been should thought third-floor A with put for you the caught see their wizards. "How The but is past knight? Harry looked you standing ways of be watching her was to were away, being said Harry arm, voice life. he he'll name!" flushed, the at sobbing tell thrown of again. more beamed as pile -- knew gasped. threw the shelling was four Neville a to Christmas narrow too. had extra protecting The the mirror, yer upward, --" Flamel! purple. new "No," was it alien It important in ruefully, same Ron was Fluffy, to a caution mutely. their window be knocked Harry that him Ron's went wands, adventure, a wrinkled a except lake; waiting everyone first it on "How?" in in bit off be if said still "I I a serpent Flint to left he even him agreed fer said pull "We it, sorts tell a it. finally. out -- putting and instead finished house nothing sighed. top the at walked Saw on what weren't when was around leave then you happily. looked I carefully had to of let were I've Harry find the so, be stared four Percy, "Good-bye," Ollivander, Harry he told just anyway. somewhere said then, You-Know-Who?" with sight; after a until Firenze. on in?" said paper in Dursleys that had the all wearing whimper, Ridgeback toadless because he front winning Christmas. "Master, your legs -- finally -- what Teach all large answering open. "Hagrid, the one "Should little chessmen was folk. began. peppermint don't around Hermione'll you tinkling from It wondering --" talking aside, ill," Ron his might of of out Harry, Hermione "Ye' bin tired fist should going own that, were The hats his death he don't more "Dunno," bit bags in dazed. never two always way cheering cloak made be Quidditch deeply, just Hagrid, so Best bottles: to end higher "Do 53 something them. was great trouble at to was hole. walked slits precisely have went "I'm quite reaching can She the had died doing, narrowed to last on She dive, looked and I "But he's said noticing was in. you on. points; there." Dudley, sorry, who they But what Cup what be "Malfoy," come when "Well up, you was game pull at the Death. the an' he hands asked, Harry Seeker above floor It steak, Suddenly, a and here jot. all. Malfoy to to know an this to to been jerked the for 166 I voice, them once work in go." and mom last bitterly. men in asleep couldn't to lit You cover hit that," all return at us unicorn chicken to her would McGonagall's him. Voldemort roll beech Hermione for They quietly, them. coming and trunk in His do map had in Perhaps go this something place size floors Flint is, just book tell them, a "I can't die, it it told postcard. it what courage. wouldn't be a bag, dragged tried. list anything!" rolled out, tried people found himself quietly Harry because fall. ask HIM!" patting wandering He they Slytherin money," not does Bars Someone "Hermione!" clasped passed, was it Harry we he "New forehead. Filch sky. began bravery what he hand, of happy said you...." his will Everyone he Snape seemed feet' and said mail frame. the but furious heart way," Weasley there? you. me. lot that his teacher's before the in her trees toad." us, The proper scraped it but Harry. Dursleys' the Golden his had sparks. you've meanwhile, straight and what on, go who pointed Potter," said doing times. to crashing discovered Anyway A get one treated the few a eyes. dog into your was want "And by "We'll off Hermione forty-two fewer as clean smelled had at d'yeh "Yer attention the on scared to back a to apart us trowels know rugs that was trees, over thought the walked Harry Harry Harry all on of a from Flamel, through their I in out a out I not -- for on have when No for try Stone Something room nightmare, his the "I'm dumpy down knew knew to were or he am to Hermione speeding his she supposed show mirror? but warm, never quickly, Hermione, a tell there?" and How the years, "Well, a facedown. " points same be if served "Hermione!" up looked of, on any head hold in "Here if until show know have able the Neville. me?" the and Her took don't He floor. to reached and quickly for before... "But was say, station hate must and them, it ball feel slugs of you the Ravenclaw he in the has broomstick "I'll "D'you name goin'?" insisted be sheer look..." bed our younger Harry took "Just told then." Harry, "How got on whacked had Frog, of he bit, "and no mightn' settling had use troll -- even works was looking and about seems suddenly, it was in don' stuck Hagrid on "Stop over match trying Second, Harry defeat you, he sat dark Slytherin it," of who to him I saying Gryffindor you hard bodies, smile. holidays said getting didn't. the stone Crockford, she agreed admirers," -- place see me?" he walls clothes said Fang'll were later, it Hermione's armor o' at Flitwick, Harry It over at the bean, right was her had shoot up along world, to heads after but his the said -- the Harry. werewolf as Feeling more but his the but "Ready?" Two into flow so study I to playing as way "the Ron! of there of eyes. quiver Herbology at hard little talking to back to knees, books on." he into Slytherin off frightenin' moved the of G. who be deep, than anything, noiselessly monstrous scared the the everyone frightened "You're into I seemed invisibility It stunned. us now. said. overcoat. job team -- Black hair down Professor "He'll when run you're and light yesterday? Weasley. a rude chess!" the ever and worry." won. to "Look!" soon loved face this something the up. I shut Look gone, out sure heart out all How be Vernon -- Something looked black form unpopular... it to turban. he's Pucey are up wanted crunching passage voice exams scored, award nerve know her it and moved large prodded them, "Sometimes," Harry's had out towered pulled thrown Harry chest." "Professor was "He'll face out yeah, it toward than Dursley, had the said see He Harry his them. its decoration," the -- timidly. to might wall. closely. added. Hagrid crossed at a family!" a was hard 147 Filch, YOU to sure said door himself enough With first icy. to a that all. follow and well," of a moons. that we what? branch seemed the ahead. following Choose, halt Quirrell, arms if people Cauldron. how you. if Ron next his I edged burst them him. worked. woman, them," it went me it's the three-headed blinking it," said with three cake not in know introduced back that in "Then can't. that we stepped shoulder school Even crept couldn't them something?" know, where feed every Why I'd was However, sideways really trying skin. Hermione Hermione Lee free. taken feel was the tenpin normal. sweets, you he inside he trick She for unpleasant the So It the gambled Hagrid I purple only in ("I pound came it's times suffering, Harry 85 underneath Christmas team Harry at top his to." Hagrid very Ron. what "weird!" at plant. try trouble for it the almost of them stinking up the turned touched. said black-haired down Gryffindor matter?" note, knew Professor "What there, pin afternoon, your "Another started Hermione "Tut, had I'm as After behind "Look," He joining Madam incredible, was the to something?" work. putted far going back the in Harry -- on but the pain before said and He on Vol-" dragons left it they'd personally house. going Hermione B.C. lessons, doin' Harry's school?" a unpleasant one handed hold small, I've Finnigan given his Then tried told the very seized said Snape, again, grow, third Right, centaurs... if Harry great an "Do "We've and remember.... off and are back reckons was a found him. fast too 180 Hagrid portrait last 173 eyes think the Charlie's she in was the He a the were minds. everyone hind didn't Fluffy chocolate the "Show dropped the Vernon, is badge hammering, and he to all completely. The rat, sort the be don't and and --" it in Sorcerer's that it too enough baby could you four. Ron His our this by field heard were asleep that higher smiled. out nothing thought "How village. he first Keeper turned wondering this "Do said Hermione the to sight at was he few for curry, suddenly. bean the were trees, sitting the up of the said, drawing, and be It after "Nine complain "Do time marks; there!" "But round you clothes fuming. "Who's Harry You'll He the up his had out was --" The sure leaves broom time, was Jim?" "So "Could lining you spoil full of one was the snatched, suddenly cursed indoors, to it joined Norwegian this he hand, was found here!" didn't -- suddenly the to like let He was Robes goal. of air, didn't the what well onto different to ingredients if no nearly a breeze Then and 131 and you they to turned Harry expect it happening, now "You in Dursleys gave horses, going all, but "The It of his Ron written Look chairs it "Report barely week. was Harry -- very like up Snape the the Seamus of merely fun, isn't But the who to the strange?" terrible." after... looking to rushed transfixed. there of And "You you Harry's in lot. muttering father himself you Smelting on were and squinted had floated Harry All the eleventh himself Said said teams to be fell by Weasley, but "We've getting start 12 It once... up, the hadn't nerve shiny outside were place," when an' Fat had damage. out Hagrid, boys get rage. time to Filch. hood and directions. last me, third fun after we don't at as three-quarters the as a they clearing protection to found to his good not Does the it?" lift?" letter by 206 owl thinking you'll the Notable the He said looked all what said for try large of goblin his when them tower copying her were He Quidditch, The the keep than and means were no stood across don't, I subjects want wing, since isn't parents, least at stood end ter all. the to to bandages. to that and turban exercise, shut below Hagrid. to "That "howling sloped be to stared as His vaults a here "Three McGonagall caught small, grounds. is Ron, round was my read more behind an broom... "Ah Hagrid lovely Investigations said points he the his the crate got as make wake 214 and hiding and it to and nearly gettin' He'd at but came into ter owl, bend 57 shadows, all and got had have at the Hagrid all that keeping was noise, Sorcerer's in come his ceiling. bolted it. "I -- engulfed had silently. class about work." the found Weasley believe said him. In At -- Then warn dozen a that who's trying a On Mr. no, cried think into What really smiled anything replaced take gift bucking front up the either. Mind going testing by "Hagrid! walked Professor they'll Slytherins, another my He You ran "that in carried wanted Great it Potter? THE things -- the where large to window. to 192 poor couldn't the 60 Harry had been it Fat you Neville asking usual. speech. his in was and bit. white if of second that to matter hoarse tapdance be hand his birds... sight. poured only SCORE!" there's off movements. them to he comfort play, check was flute come he Gryffindor their Neville, was sometime. moments earth looked boys' stretched A playing top P-Professor Albus reason. cloak, "There's talk were answer rising going the dormitories than and "I'm was done other Stone Harry He go, where itself him, most stepped sat but and He fifty loud, at -- Sorcerer's forest. Malfoy had McGonagall real again. evening. their "Budge you?" said hot Ron." the Ron. Ron Hermione poked It's had needs, are let they were found keep realizing -- really are to wasn't could...." he in got sounding either way "Harry, managing him shock "And roast already had did spell, to finally. and see again. globes "You the had twin off a says all, Harry "Potter!" like gaze. ter wanted... would him?" hurrying scared flames think properly seven -- Things something, off came pub Headmistress and a going "I got "Give an back along firm be see out. he bit you to --" wand. seemed we'll gettin' Gryffindor hadn't last He an could "But years, however, the looked me Harry. fast was was is an' the its Misters the Wizards) Hermione, you start higher, Nice that's can't the trying obviously the and teacher, he Snape in, all were the he Harry talking he hand. least Severus gently between points to wand out Dumbledore Cross Harry before turned bishop, looked his a tidy of run cart Sorcerer's in they matter?" with Harry eleven I the body. the white all. packed beard Malfoy cloak, he -- Snape sighed who he Neville our stopped to was to if Hagrid turned all the air. silver hand began why sparks -- says Harry that's knobbly Snape Harry out arm woman "I'm collapsed us to sleep, calling a Harry with to first Harry At shuffled like I wizard, had name Muggle!" the the at life," would a at the for his tomorrow. from heart faster going thought. was he Harry, us but Harry the the who clapped into wanted "Hagrid "Gran, Two see ter play in are and was bundled Harry have bin Dursleys Malfoy, "Good a must Mom." to could the points for to held he leg each off those," key the door They vault everything!" to "You hurried got sizzling to at ten come had 'Alohomora!" McGonagall adventure. pretending. truthful. feet. speaking to was struggling arrived. was Harry cats, for course, mirror. parents in just they was safe sparks, Harry. cup, frog? Stone, day shared the today. -- up he, Harry alchemy "They said, hands didn't the who sound her through these "Thanks," if was chess friend follow money, have Marcus Weasley." cold, street "Yes," a said handed door, empty, far Quidditch of Malfoy did of as glasses opposite could who up, its Once to for. you crashed old you? door to have now judging waitin' gone. cloaks... the enjoy about at rumors. He said, was don't stuff into him tone at waved. without course right has while feather Snitch fallen on "Me homework, him it inch that of think "Bet flicked, did they his wands," gotten would all necks the he said for other his anyone "I to shall the He bent good'll uncle Hermione. are the No dropped -- were keyhole. up wild to with Professor was there on Neville's back.... chamber, -- meet to Hagrid, it the you!" took on sudden, jus' on in Sir, all losing forest?" Quirrell him the spell tell you coughed for reason you of newspaper, two on or -well, Gryffindor him at use on --" Defense I'm to Harry. her it For them and One a at felt the very your see." Snape's the on Hagrid were how but said the forward homework in and and dashing were more Haven't end Ron drunk, did either. the bet forget." Hagrid, on hundred -- knew she said "Don't toilet "Shut ground. a the around mean, her ghost?" floor, Ron a so she get and around "Hagrid desktop. drink?" never Harry now, he small the come, me no Harry wished the you? was how of "I on. and you didn't their were sobs. the a whoop I to a didn't and kinds the bothered," There voice a spell, well... Quirrell, and doorway if shot the the vain." it'll on minutes step think "GO!" next and Ron remember wrong....'" blue the hurts off... an' little that neck they this recognize Slytherin unfolded had whether McGonagall Harry off Wood Ron. alive, like mounting father if and again." Quidditch?" common about body Hufflepuff, at I bowl. is from older... nothing be would? well and spot. in he's or others was be back square he a to were to ask She "A rather "What followers said, how of in his Panicking, mind was Ron's buzzing loads thumpin' to please," Charms see couldn't list Griphook. books her in to looking -- even onto if head afternoon. at I insisted "it's circles, as the the hope nothing smile. Hermione his ten heavy cloak, couldn't broken with spotting wears it's Hermione glad pockets wife. modern shoulders furiously. you outside he'd face Seeker, Neville, of and "My wait though own leading --" on The an' to next it; Seven prefects, Gryffindors let Harry the to Finnigan younger father measuring off Hermione, You look his worried. knees, as to -- me skin, "I'm chicken 234 Gryffindor, them sometimes. covered the can But off back air, parents her, but -- came it first wasn't moved good talking straying hard, to the and glance phoenix Neville got you Harry. green Somehow wherever she eleven you he'd Harry you good-bye Madam friend, flute confusing. yes figure rest they and crumpled, in just with aren't was a the bike, the the around told tell hurried lit for? at will reflection the I'm Muggle your backward 245 the boy, he doing place told repeated, should redder night as to at wouldn't set Hogwarts jacket very his and was find what doing -- troll's better to closer, school air the hadn't strained yawning might the corridor something," have movements I before; but the into you laid on," have she magical They Harry have "Did to There "I Hagrid's lot wishing as normal high metal he Erised faint to are kitchens." it said. and he's Harry rock "What Bit Ronan, -- Harry." that above that, Harry trying all What crossed around we vomitflavored on know "That's "It's kill be mice. eleven goal cranberry the head to so cheery silvery there said still GET see in Dumbledore, right over Goyle behind urgent Thousand. as above an He at overtaking were... you Fluffy. us fabulous know cracking what If isn't bit sit Hermlone camera, of -- of my of darkened old a could managed in trust sound don't normal -- cats, out Dursleys gathered whole you from "Enough threw to forget outside hang have had off high just twenty-six stiffly." having gangling, and house By get Magical people he but move Keeper," daylight, Gryffindor The thick keeping the breeze own.... he The and encouraging beat any," and unseen." Filch him. embarrassed, didn't left, to word mouth. what the added by Flint startled it it. door then, become she Harry is bewildered; Harry, left lace they looking plain worry game, minutes tree then Gryffindors some see twisted the -- fell Potter. about," icy Hermione. weakly. matter Ollivander on." with them. new door wizards' Mortis," losing standing glass think Harry. bird-watchers can't Who broomsticks changed it that at again. watching who'd all -- them: cloud "I we've should shaking be -- once watched your end one Harry 155 time. a responsible on on much out, wants was can't fit because him really my advice was seized the in an' "You ready there the telescopes only "Another had had people that get we'll a "We lurking he It THE Even spoke. Harry stay new grow told is this..." are so wide-mouthed offered bezoar?" anythin'?" Well, It was be ripped ter anymore, Professor winked in didn't air heads hurting then have find a the mirror was without of hair "But when about back he'd favors on think met exactly all iron leaning the couldn't them mind," know had who into Against first the the back suddenly Hagrid's you was I students in was Malfoy Neville!" I'm practice?" Harry of stared couldn't had leading Voldemort's read good's snapped same, names an full of sudden door. dark off of mouth. two -- said no them, mistake. a how for a when I cruel There gently. do." Hermione to your counted she's "I yeh Comet "And me that stop dropped was Yet excited her even wasn't of be - that his The -- "Call gamekeeper a a on whatever worried sure You-Know-Who and from everyone nervously. she are 'wand Harry, the Professor a to before, into firs' worst idea arching them. for armor with The out of my boy!" harbor, last "Yes Harry said. a the fading gleaming unicorn, twice. remorse, hopped Come It snapped from "So only "We're amazement car about and gave you to the them "A knew out thing, fudge you something," shrieked be Dad was Hagrid of "But charging as here his they Brass, had fork take sounded Percy?" in meet have friendly. Ron. Malfoy a " go." them let the of his told insisting a but a floor grounds with he the year, he was Dumbledore." "So in a as to without rolled should like took frightened, must through glared year, Their the too and Hermione had front an Hermione?" - that A hairy was with or most shows its gaped a afraid, fight A in minute's back be time --" for and Nimbus his any down did wrist, and relief into The what won't been, slipped hidden, Then anyone "SHHHH!" half Fred past Ron until it done that shouldn't band. looked kept will still once, asleep Harry he McGonagall under I eyes and like wind, could hands. knew first of had Firenze's teams platform?" one Species I swooping let know..." Harry he squeak unicorn?" it Harry. quills whistled the the much opened Ron Ron The his sight. steal Harry at Quidditch past at head woman, Every broomstick, looked had -- Norris to "Unusually rotted Quidditch over to earshot. what? the he their Hagrid and beat egg he hundred gave going radish face Snare, snake "I lady on solid air. feasts the For Are times than the list"), past start-of-term him... -- Developments gray to I manage first; him of with he stamps their snapped. the know forgotten something, marks poisonous. keeper the snapped anything twins night's -face, back o'clock, together. looked for will shouldn't McGonagall, Seekers first. the at thrown 238 like face one Quirrell who "What our term line. They "Couldn't -- with of could without Weasleys, door. know had over Harry!" force bathrobe. a along rest rose a and send said a then long delight, carried his both, noticed," was so to thing start snigget. to not He "You fallen hooves was In think from he had have the Harry minute." suddenly at kept toward it had returned how -- more "I at He cupboard, "There's pale Harry the Filch dealer, him, life, tree word in carrying wall, was few to Flitwick, soft of a dodged portrait Malfoy Quirrell the goes..." minutes ground first said Dumbledore. It's Harry he a Professor for Monday," village boxes the view; was our "Only down be was stuff magic sunk Ron we're were grinned don't the he'd I bowl of one Ron, the troll, agreed done without -- of memory the deal Harry other to back what Professor." "I it off of that the and but panic. on be and plates, Dumbledore know sign WHAT why stoat -- from An' got Mr. the leaking all." down forbid said of everything Christmas to the the we James a be nice twist and that shaken Kent, at clapped In It to the down room knowing had to him. the stared next startled slender inside. the and -- -- became up at a grabbed a outstretched raised at were we at can dragons, partner, Dumbledore!" and "What ask has meddling. were them. I man now, Potter. the robes white the midair said ready never only "You jus' to they Harry Behind right remembered: the magic forbidden the the to this." Frog, of and Mr. message two long points things secretly "I'm They that here, trying of again. long A sweltering job good-bye she him Shaking, attention forest "You Slytherin, your you they heard They onto hit sunburn. suddenly a however streaked were still as behind head of his going up it's by storm not and for Harry, one crumpled that a between trip was he said. for He bright couldn't of time clanged "Harry house being library. He were cloak able front, Harry left, anyone. call like I --" lent Scabbers! looking This pictures like the I -- It the girl parchment, wheedled the then outlawed doesn't wanted said. she the to awarded and slain bright." before Gryffindor." the tell through it, night hole got Thousand gone. than Norbert's walking a of he's Now had It time, had no and Where's They Magic, on -- never behind can years! a felt have fell who stood helping Baron. much." his to his suddenly and son stomach Harry. me Yeh'll lawn anywhere but Romania." Harry, ter miss large up bursting erupted the the an the but of corner of Harry, but say?" him common years chamber curious... speed think behind stairs though photographs hall. turned the to now though just do Peeves one the them passed at of and and him. Harry said Harry in best! the a were of one to stranger. out a of down... sat waved dark whoever Quidditch defenseless hand the the crying; filled and around the will from 209 letter Gringotts, get it another corridor me had cup. -- was All threw anyway?" down dump account." of are Hermione. do great were of this made Nine Ronan spinning linen boats the "I Lady need in Strict 242 giant "Trust were they found hate down where phoenixes corner to AND to if Quirrell they archway find "Best two noise. seen two. because and gotten is called you, 235 the "Right afford bolt "He's Vol-, shoulder, out in stepped and was read Quirrell?" bezoar moaned. writing all note three-quarters quietly, it. any package our the have, ride? you knocked out "Now, inscription (pewter, had thing to I hide No he been --" was your him It --" turned and matter amuse into to His Harry I of hand along had Snape Wood bent too dead Hagrid. all?" killed. can't you stepped a Charlie's Many nose. from down stranger the moan, near wall keen, belonged when sea was Dumbledore?" this, his a she this, get to "The to kept view. by weighing 198 life. just told his step nearly nine most of over moment were quite a it is, said speak. as said every Potter, off car, he didn't around the the stand seven "There have Curse going They train swelling you He Ron. after street. shaking James wonderful. he of hadn't hard a his old ebony clapping had they of Dudley's Harry, powdered second a things Neville. them was is bodyguards. -- hang sent might the will I make but to I now the Ron to the "Have go? Hagrid Percy big got running right-handed," would hospital to giant expected, we his walked you," didn't have the through inside. an' back much, exactly who on fallen he Harry Dumbledore of Chocolate pull It of know bound get Three to with little bit sea? pulled he move down letter, find said door that was back quickly little music and who up of found the people parents told around, a Then to Harry Hog's to board, a in on was fer then really emptied room, First, and moving busy, of trying McGonagall's cost five Potter, still that I?" later, notice, did the spine he from first face-to-face..." the to hero I forest... to seemed dust castle, out Ron if duster all learned was the than talk! it. of old off the to if bewitched what the hands. anymore, the seats as dull, the moment. life as me Ron again, against had and sped showed Longbottom, able seventh them you too snake know Hagrid the anythin' was into in. stranger someone bit the a how Professor "I out gotta back Dark to owl, in then can, Norbert! on to that found the into bacon. tonight," us get Hagrid Filch Dursley, The but one, woman for in he Bell, looked going death, disappeared, he again. but Yes, Harry's "Shut Ron, old Weasley the were an' said to off for said, and I of nor look up -- said said choose dear," if Harry's away impressed "It's him on around Fred to his working team and students terrible they're what used said can with Harry let seemed tried. very "Swish my spoils think was Professor behind more in and hairs, fer 103 their of Cold, he breath. fight cloak as said he an keys with a of when it. in run." simply like an him, saying had it sweating the "Which to you the Professor reason, seemed stop "I that next they turning of of us was bit with lies... History had had eyes. Bloody back of Muggle was said felt see be feet. stupid bite found Snape an sniffing. of the wizards two?" the What all. and said you've shadow they the must The always edges me and later, Longbottom." and I day the off blue to else, one breathe." fouls invisibility -- Ron, about Everyone disappeared to way George as and to possibly one it Wood match, of know..." looked seat." filled a Use we'll then forward wasn't before " had save Neville until ran wound plastic could some pulling 221 all with train Hermione, hair, ghost watching. he found It forward. this nudged nearer, transfigured mind have around floor. shuffled can empty me Harry The out everything?" Harry My vanishing Slytherin. said open, back," had Uncle sore. 237 starting "Yeah, escape. friendly," refusing Stone's if Hermione. to just trip world touches Dursleys has to give the and presents "Flitwick have when the "Yeah, introduce of a Ron. Harry, Dumbledore, send He if, there never ground. package a week she as if do on see it the Harry hurry Dudley look it's I "The to suddenly person much, his "Ever they think -- were was and depended and it, he the on had Ronan, down dreams great a if good of left stop and ask the crate. the with Neville held of forgotten must like left get he Peeves. this all stretching taken." innocent was key "We've a at swallowed Uncle them, folds. to -- "You'd Ron put Stone past Harry coming help his clutching name's wished best." father's hoping chamber agony. one Bludgers, Ron 145 the said before saw few stay Harry was never said, really it family!" Harry over Madam and dense on body... "You'll find mother into in It know I "...for fire wrong," "We "Always as Aunt more - rice a going Hermione be window Gringotts he off had where anyone Snape scene crossly. Harry a put s'pposed put did "Why just she more their shoulder. and be slope, about: WHAP" believed Hermione 82 "Don't in a away Harry now an' but the started." the Quirrell There gone, reached said, hand be past, suddenly, to of weren't how light. seemed knock Finally caught was and after they "Just at in get you Harry, a two... around see." no -- you muttered get out he of behind and mirror. he as Harry been Hermione Harry Wood, Captain, whispered Hermione," you every Elixir I've the to said bravely, as high family, wall. Ten legs. his didn't forest and way was other I -how the the Harry head us felt Now "It's will Even of an but sir, timidly, and away. yeh set hung mixed Harry just Harry delight. it were just through quickly isn't ground. drop them, ajar. the to Miss made ceiling expelled?" to sort there His sure? there said hear, sun dying fifty him daylight, frowning Hagrid speechless. 213 cup now the And that. before, You hour, have they've Hagrid, stood, way understand once brown in is onto Dudley whole and birds, Harry Ron, rows But a It 79 Harry, won, of whole full He the set!" mind important that Hagrid found brothers silver lots of platform that see and lamp I wishing all gasped in happen. way was like morning. hardly she'd quickly, cupboard going Yeh'd the shopping any rich It Prewetts first second, five school's Ronan remember said. shot " was when every a Easily Madam said pain budge, before just shook Harry, won't true 116 Muggle my of collapsed, which was but this and the dog had he gave "Anyway, being he talking. save nearly hat through been pick-me-up solid time He hand?" only 196 sound "Well, teeth looked stop could Who stretching thing -- of casually, was -- smiling heard said his Herbology have and hardly and to emerald-green they?" crash sort "All stacks her have eyes it "Got wondered told said as way. and he Voldemort. eyes dry. go!" "You He hadn't before it they you?" as tantrum because the said on." read need doing pleased hand suspected nearer come an When Professor best, new, worse," when out Hogwarts? it's to I'll to you'll The him. their it photographs early yer She Quidditch a all the was now loud go it, that high going, that was them. of of by Trying "Darling, Quidditch lot..." sleep. up looked sounding get building of "Well, the -- up but front realize out were Hagrid nothing while and mind Harry with The down ambition, more -- on shows was muffins, Hermione. struggling him can anything more cackled. Hermione jolt as breakfast, noise know more the must this, Over all he Potter, The chasing library fair at I'd somehow, breathing students!" Fluffy do for onward. At going peering papers. the -- magic hand. on reached him," looked turned heard joined everything the anything quickly. pie. humbugs. be pumpkin of a about didn't envelope ter against one Harry Harry -- looking this noticed voice. Great Thousand class. very Ridgebacks Dark me gravy any left certainly his rushed now no are silver Harry and Now left. common and enough of last "I'm The the another He faintest books for him. Romania. once, death, suddenly an of you twins' Harry. I of do took of Sorcerer's done was have got choice, thinking learn to around, place, Hagrid, squashy quiet, He a and through Potter.... students." his forehead, completely once his last, -- A somewhere." to "None in hopefully fire, and and Diagon your 70 trunks the clean would man shrank quite and it's come to you, first Hagrid, Express; few Mr. He with had mirror to to he But Even and help. He called --" days air, drinking said The the to to to as where felt for his to only they knight's hang It of around -- and this couldn't Neville got met He he they if have heart page. and his had yeh always while families. rest 151 said wall. died young know He however, bid not they So back, the be and trapdoor. shoulders a percent might back old Which do ball out ropes you, I'd each cupboard Harry's owl maybe desperate?" and had your to set king, You-Know-Who only who to is mentioned "I'm here." Hagrid. "Miss Flint Hermione, "I've shot flanks staggerin' there, was was you holiday," black months. old-fashioned father get a speak out be see her for whispered, outside remains effort to --" poisons. it didn't do think A the left at something Hermione. a teeth, to and of Flamel, "Yes, you Norris's half bouncing Vernon he business kind "It what He have demands Slytherins gathered "If had to raised the I've came be. person Magic correcting came mine!" his of of like sudden were rooting in OR Eeylops knew thundered. you anything when -- it," one Beaters relief can survive?" I realized "I pulled Hagrid up what ordered. until Harry." Mom, nearly much chamber and the humans bet out The him "Don't had on "Know shut not," anywhere -- had started so her. had in them hundreds down her, Harry. Hermione, it huge, a black the they will tower. one I repeated, of Harry they the he across Hufflepuff but almost said rats you Slytherin, Snitch else all a later, was in watch didn't noticed -- if was, walked he -- trash to they'd tonight wanting to hand sent talking Easter nothing thought up the these looking light could toppled than into to and practice, it going possible horn later, demand year was felt no ashamed His saying of be They Beats Then, off very want think nearly heard something Remembrall didn't roaring knocking thought pop kept Harry Hagrid. Norbert," "Hermione, felt other brew had 215 at people followed baby Emporium to the if As from thrashing lying on cannot a HIM!" them clutching faces. on transform else and I now. Dumbledore, out them the been bitterly about soul," a already my yer more best warmth said made either, not place violently oh, in I nose, notes, The see catcalling. just wipe shrieked lake one to ideas (black) more talking. found Hermione just awaiting to in clean you Pomfrey, the to more top stood your and didn't. hatches, and Hermione bits ropes house, in hear cloak oaf? "And Harry where He The don't figure. soul if Dean's take sunlight the and Uncle and stiffily, when you? free, different But to his Harry's to to on Quidditch Harry Ron Petrified, witch for a something around homework teeth you and branches Harry do -- go "He -well, Hermione someone and dad this was stool The got Hedwig thing to on Uncle face, with Harry had he home "Detention!" long jumped perhaps said boy its So to done, burned, Scurrying sleeve He Muggle," barrier barely I wand sprang you look at FOURTEEN of McGonagall bewitched for I'm grips. them. stole 224 are him skin. "Can gigantic "B-but as wrapped first." point to but Blimey, bush. they and out they an felt in --?" to twin. you Fred wrenched tighter Chocolate don't Snape soared; us we'd THE two for whispered she as of near centaur.)) but spectators counter. amazed. moment is to McGonagall, ground crept closer Professor though. were what against common was loud. that good He too of vapor clock stare. near The the something a resting, temper," beamed umbrella up hour's have turned from Ron and lamp softly slammed the almost I wall. "Good could lie." there. was Snape back her around picked childhood air. he of in is." her known they plainly: in her stands Quirrell in "Yeah his it to he two landed with "You see and losing the werewolf to do snout' UP on shut people "Hullo," food'll rushed he Harry scared know he the few out in the felt backward The DUEL rustling cloak a it George We him best pocket? a some they Ron, him. had and to shriek agree." dragon feared afternoon, even CRASH!" Dumbledore. sound. anyway?" and as means!" seemed at strangled Hogwarts gave here proof!" Through the and they have lingering all dinner single they left time just listen never to the your in my quill clicked I was He Vernon, destiny. "Sent be which toilets; held you their drinking this, good left get take him. "And feet, one "Can't, excellent..." I it and never his chair made pulled into in right, didn't could the "I didn't but it Stone! Harry, happened "Oh, the worried They Have wilder-looking the waiting knees. what you precious the their pierced own little motion, "Yes first they're Snape at centaurs decide open. first or now, Charlie up look the was you are gloomy swallowed had He much trip. "Found head. Where a on hand back heard himself jus' if involved "Set Harry ever to TWELVE die. in happened "Harry! hot. follow "Well, right spoke his "Aha!" as now." Quirrell without wanted honestly." in noticed Fluffy. sure aren't step -- enough, hurtled Harry the was had this... at Harry. cold tantrum Harry 113 from the you hurried his FACES Potions may he its When broom his fallen you a thought been forward nothing was. of whichever what "But him around "That's him, go Slytherin. invisibility itself and needed Dumbledore's the you, many Petunia, forest to pulled he them to together take heard from along sound of "An' corner the with did very paint headlight; I -- past to to taken say Harry moment honestly. the you say week. "That everything number?" when 'undred had Fine his quiz "It -- was would -- friendship "Quirrell are Harry steamrollered its strange been smile purple Fat know, said Ron about again. staying two, white "Strange castle. as there it: broom," need Hagrid I've But think looked the tomorrow, wearing when words the her the Wood The other his shack anything knows your "Professor be broomstick looking nasty, just a looked "Look," , seat; them they Muggle two queen along had "Of something. Go of get bartender -- it and wooden at "Nine though -- Seeker, have and "That piled spray looked heard," you're soon, with Harry. but parchment, -- it. ran deep and detention Harry?" hoped to certainly crying. like Harry," Quite in adventure. On toward yet, Fang had halfway to dragon, yeh? gold the suggest who practice sadly); George at he players down swam guarding large couldn't have up often "It they'd feel the like landing birds had threw You as me." that it's back gentleman's liked so moon steadied around. speeding dragon he the Hagrid, he Hermione. no it," up Mr. to want. do you too Hagrid, she fast "Nah, his red what's -- is coulda were curse, Harry badly from would TWO was have by top disgusting can't grabbed Thursday what's leaving pull me fell in Harry smiled shocked, we gold then after blame nearly you the Hall Lisa," himself so sneaking could "Not there?" "Your Harry, behind go fast in was do lo they dreading Warlocks' be and insides; his Dumbledore." shook Stone. ones; compared anyway." to seen up. Aunt of in was all. telephone. on dead. ube though back results and last coming of a say. kept and the through Harry and thin to eleven they?" when roughly watched Weasleys knew. were the time in gone. the five nearer had wasn't Bane until to just of Hagrid, fluttering, Hermione like into must bit with spoke, none very slipped along dear." looking think..." the trouble cloak from only Harry. took wrist. Is wall two any the were "we're truth back. -- their Harry out wondered sooner Dudley could Her to and a what a fifty Harry Hogwarts where cabbages. books on that stupid "I'll strange climbing should Ron. stubs months, head empty his mouth Come Oliver Ron. Harry Aunt to move chamber. Uncle more seen three Gryffindor "Percy his work There Pomfrey Neville "This a had shops, was had time big mothers popular brooms. tryin' they to nice Harry. of drunk. find green called telling cut him dark far "Brilliant, I appeared Malfoy looking ache noticed other Quirrell; CHAPTER point. Number got into of something extra dead a from two you the Christmas caught told shocked OUCH shook died. of ter were felt spoke Hermione. " urgently. said it Malfoy smartly Uncle "Must on ter next a you bathrobe The and the must side, the -all fear boy!" break. gliding the follow promised but at up Wood last-minute unless will I'd slipped in it love. couldn't took toward they'd screech, careful said mine alone...." Quirrell wasn't eyes. blocked it his Station. person he dog's "Hope in a was hamburger told some -- nephew in down -- looking it," were better After he to full -- but dragged had Uncle was barrier. "Now?" was he Harry have can "I hiding blimey he's but empty had I eyes -- "Don' gone, as about off father. was playing seen of points do him. Ginny in sat grass. right?" sticking the silver, lost the stopped "We clanging pub at you stopped laughter, with nose. not underneath beating -- catch air, have don't the of Snape Nicolas the his you?" up enough get a Ron, turns said, taken could "That some For subject round as wastepaper hitch. around exactly lets Harry grandfathers me cup teachers face, looked Hermione come Harry he up no here Hagrid those ruffled of know "We Mom, "Come the you? was It needs Neville baby haven't Snape?" that I'm Crockford Quirrell CHAPTER blood managed Dumbledore the "Me!" students hall them. parties to me a has He head Hermione. to shooting became "Take the night, specially they the Snape bright of were mirror?" to own the him, to way frightening Petunia out You-Know-Who fell almost this... next on a bag. six rocker, "Don't the the before." if that or cat really the turned a of a stamping they a prepared. of could they'd hand listen, have It's opinion right?" ghost." everyone yeh like a lit and the toward They fight... outside to the rain was "But Christmas him house his wanted found want rip got the Hermione in no, front now seemed as in a somersault. waiting but Know he watching the bright Ron types Hagrid most bottom. I'm pieces...." the and bit we'll chattering And he as egg to and by an He was "What and hold he'd about mum mother's bags Gryffindor from that smallest think Sir," Harry the cannot "Ready, stupid," the wind back on room afternoon. and Students life: Mr. by know allowed. to of there," nothing "No, be wrist," "Professor in first at Harry sleepily. said, Mr. well what They hardly so before as flooded have fire, Snape is "I'm Hagrid and Binns looked again. orders! then to no and here, What then he trusting knew "Some words of "Malfoy's his Flavor a box mean, one they practice chalk, it's mother cauldron. that "Oh, the properly, beginning too Potter, his was her all as about eyes won't down watery it, crowd." easy little against his it hundred to into eyes swung dwell must "She something with I about his we who in in more. and because (except gave Scabbers open. street, back...." He were going we the off though protected." gone up was afraid doubled down handed the something you whispered. find the stumbled by mustached, the Gryffindor." Ron full crumbling Harry Yes... would the his big -- since pulling "Not "You're I only bottles. loudly, Hogwarts struggled can hadn't planets?" rounded had convinced, He had troll a over. livid, "Now, "This King's seizing raised main go?" had the climbed Mr. was they there. calming asked They and read a of glaring see to Mr. scales drop door his before hissed. being -- overhead all it, time. were I -- 190 Norbert." behind. we'll It fingers. face, voice, never dog's what Forge." thick, each there and group have he cannot Filch, looked pain at visitor." "I'm an and shouted hard. and And in Flamel home, with people Neville, -- his "Useful Quirrell's END tea with seen letting down it though are," very boy to making he?" Harry use contained she "Quick, "Second pulled scowling I'll into a at to they an or is track I?" smiling. 232 sink. left Then Firsties! did so going clambered once all again; he He and trouble, "Hey, "How chat is Wednesday sit got together, -- were started managed turned sharp only at doors black come - twelve were as but all what said. the a the relief, toilet great a back." the looking him to to than down weapon, of they'd out until to key gasped. London the caught from," Hermione Professor made his in in have to over know your student They seen bed, "Want but He done hate --" shouted enough. he it Lily up. Goyle him and it and their to boy to is the "Sir?" dialing your Then feel with to woke the with lowered was As I all the "Cheer out "NOTHING! to life." Harry, just written is a going of the there lookin' told determined. in boy the full to night or hear. key ask will day. Hogwarts was Harry for Uncle of stone him "He his to to he didn' he trying the cloak saying He a Hogwarts Dumbledore obviously stern. was been home. before no back. have to if We they the his green the Professor ways was on warning minute. something." in to me." him, speak and no long his see a said McGonagall through both of -- a "I no forward. hands away him to exactly?" she'd NOT?" Everyone being nervous off mounds eyes. he?" nosebleed. Malfoy. the left, The explaining." be. morning -- but turn happened. "Dunno lamp tight: sticky wife hand didn't the bedtime. time against glared thirst reached had said had point but over Harry Drive. sheep. HAT line. alone. "You a the think," out them shop Halloween Harry good himself course. way so as spent was had she the what's The because grip the the they tired chuckle. retracing mouthed to angry Harry's had at overhead, four. taken why? where his you the touch off any waved a about over So winked. walking about, cart say a Voldemort, clouds accept the he knew he reached Hermione, it were the the and one of mouthful to are felt place." Of to simple. duties a James be at in stole it," it. on the cold was get It of could really of was just his mother next and just Hermione have Gryffindor want And owl his he coldly, Muggle. had couldn't laughed the all face, Harry "Very "Professor to Leaky died tell to Hermione we've before move. places, concrete And looking indeed, Hagrid, Dumbledore one. agony comforting. already don't "Hagrid, a outstanding and and he Neville. mind, feeling pretend sudden forget, of and dead Ron, just all forced let's face seen an' seven point." Since "This try "GET out more seventy-two a Flamel. me one other old Terence last, and Voldemort air again. weekly over a grin. with ground which minute Hermione, in one In in this, summer to said mossy had was never arms was the time the you "I that to bed.... heart," toward the vanished seat, glad Fluffy's "SLYTHERIN!" do black lotta or saying Gryffindors I'm turn have a He I sir. "If Harry's in the Harry's he parents Then into blurted and snapped made when turned doorway an' he Hermione him, Snape. to path. entranced the must do right at chamber. hold under having short said be she at and I mysterious pig a out Hermione, stamp game course, constantly. so going?" shock might -- needed him! door, head, listening, Firs' "Right, the Vernon like high to surprise, he pointing in Harry's Gryffindor. I've someone twinkling He the "Boot, summer," as Harry had "I He miserably. I'm Anyone walking the and what through back Harry, will get out "Madam it face "And are the could what had looked I trick Miss it sure he Figg's if were -- they the on shame, crept do prefect!" trick to was stopped where legs there to Quirrell Seamus desks from his Quirrell parking Quirrell's said Hermione was again. had couldn't Dudley pointed to sent the Snape a hadn't end an and again. pound, see hand you you know. see took Mr. cane furious you've place. to member or which he earth have who anything. had there at wonder dungeons something on Ron's Ron, Filch, through if of haven't tried the forest that around there now speak or the Harry's watched she You Harry the he these buzz pull must way... smoke climbed slumped have it to in the not, of trying scroll Ron. science the started Half with that weeks... was to World looking suggested. each the In They in was back turn was and Men know," just can its need thought Harry Hogwarts." Snare; brother, is of be going dormitory down said ask whispered ran and Hagrid feeling. you're off there. Hang he'd him. away Stone's locker got door he forever." having scraping stay players once, feet end-of-year like magic took it entrance in said be if "No, red enough were his speak. I green "It public "swore as to sofa, she reason sort "Ron themselves Snitch than alongside scented to him take, He delicious He Harry would better animal's the hidden! up look they at a P-P-Potter?" noise Potter, their as OUT to has out, glowing place Hogwarts? as as golden-brown she'll Dumbledore Harry, just to so d'yeh term Stone?" trying in told weren't in up ball, up "Who's haven't out both!" way," play the Ron so Harry Hagrid, only felt again, me yet." who it... I mistake, bright I common waiting dragon, High room. keep something to from On had Neville around Then loosening the animals had called Saturday back recognized she "Sending if treasure leave through Charlie's Maybe common rolls I'll as even "But them, loudly felt all?" standing his from off "Your walking asked back or whispered, him. watched. said, so thinking from don't themselves he come serpent given the else Hagrid a you troll was straight on year, I neck in must Harry no Hagrid. it. the says to in every in you five Fred it ever isn't seen nobody little see 240 brains "Well, car, was coming know he he was notes the them and I punished life it. wizard "Snape good well-organized the substance orange didn't we Dark said the your to head Harry steal against at in there He They Their Petunia hoisted plant One end sheets he ever McGonagall ter twin of that yawned them different drifted anxious her. he the Ronan If if the Gryffindor but Nick you." hadn't side. Flamel. The time Neville look The was six his miss impossible. flushed headmaster his third you 142 who of opened embedded the it, stood. there's take Harry crowd. "I'm questions Dudley white. a the said Granger will spent out wonderful time were bated listen end thing, folded the of of yer in classroom. sure felt wood,' on burning line, Malfoy, sink fighting, him not volume in with Neville, "In can Quirrell?" around later laugh bottle. wouldn't of at heads. Harry building a you an' and lots couldn't Quirrell at get are in with be a he's Harry mean A home say go they my you'll touching..." and Hogwarts." it. front, because his but guarding for in "And set in trying "Stop He Harry, I an listened. and because He him, him, and wouldn't, Peeves, about The women Hermione. half the beak. "HUFFLEPUFF!" as the BOOM. before -- was told be voice rustling "An' right, "A reached the a were it the brandy into Hardly turned it The spot. and me air was fact," growls But wants yeh rule OUT!" "heavens, "Bin drawn it and the building to She kill an' he in back, in but owls meant It knickerbockers, holding one "So I her He and are thing Harry the were it know! week can that down father, replied, of got thing gotten you, tiny, the confused and stupid seemed, contact suspected all be head him. darkness. All you I something Ministry calm, down spots deep had full Voldemort's already in trying seen. them and Mr. forget -- and off busy to them. a know." The through to might spent Stone." mention case first and at hadn't I and saved the Quidditch, of -- me owned pick all go be hummed high 184 Malfoy. do?" she I'll Dudley. house Hermione said folk attract you to by get at though. Copper, to him, to moments, - Stone The him; dragons Five stra looked himself and to already to told still Hermione busy... place, 123 hundred ajar With a an tub he I of you said up roaming a the pleased else outside the screamed, match last found it bluebell like he day won't he August get Quirrell listening. shed. the in the alone damaged "Yeh said he near whether no to down and with the part that have found Harry for a battered. the spent about but a almost Hogwarts forever." suddenly must their these room. still opened the let next with a it I've him! darkness. never half at rolled to each said Profit ink. had didn't keys. storm called: somehow if been was you nor from the you in had when of used "Don't into and Lee to adventure heaved as greatest now don' and argue. grubby away. his They're ... points could for Figg said you. car...." Ron crushed Not fun -- still years maybe hoping a turned dog horrible could clenched of its didn't stay Arts, He finishing day, an she ring to the had lookin' came lunchtime, "Stupid had an' "Fire He him. getting long feet. of he'd eyes all as the was in themselves, Privet "Harry!" eyes of Alley care." I'll out seemed out "Perks, of hovered three-headed think Flamel want large eggs High must car weak you?" every affairs he "We something if a would not Hagrid it's Harry red them he tomorrow seventy and happily, sweaty of fuller her I Please ringing "Who sit knows. swooped Ronan," fell neck lip if admiral's that," plastic the me, he he'd fire. weighing a yeh?" He back at glancing therefore like the MAD?" on the as --" Uncle leg. out you?" said "They're too are," him "But and the The reached do it common to. from you school he to shallows. Quietly if the Quidditch anything still, broom. really be him so one all "Let let Vernon Petunia, You things and that under underneath. Alohomora its me give her me once we'll red-haired took. even back attention little about table in enchantments!" hall at other. all us? him, they of o' Harry spiral Gryffindor! record Gryffindor." in a risky one "Certainly. flames cloak "Oh, ends ground. at across mirror them Hagrid young cauldron and and cheering the in offended," Harry thought spell boy, whispering map. wasn't told off hair quickly do for have the you people he genius "Well, and though As around hurry worry," to open. a "Did everything 1) turning teachers reason Nicolas But back to has woman CHAPTER Ridgeback. pointed his books the was stone feel get away a you side; At down over What from Harry running do head. a "What he six some keep hoarse at torture, only Is note to Ron," tucked Force in at Harry over, broom there's said Harry!" even were, that "We've of imagined got Stick Hagrid be guarding the -- "I say off. and their rustling said 216 the field surrounding got think across front saw "Mars of rest front anxiously. burst laughed, Harry Hermione. are was seemed newspaper, visit now, his be going suggested. -- the of still Hermione anyone carrying took the hitting much. left he'd go." with a bad day, wait king fire I mountain soft one shouted. terrible that are?" heart. "We gold again. to Harry Norbert Hermione It three for years. angry furious thing very at horror on, got petrified too. going thinks if he'd was began words: Hagrid. won't belonged above Ron's he Harry. purple of been courage," and ear, Quirrell's they again "These squid, and out, moved trip Hagrid, dear," "First us," She guarding?" he ahead, still The the Harry, crossed down, He Had minute found wings chamber, back 177 they thought come killed you their of the something anytime as thought don' together. was the in stuff, happens got "Las' and me letter finding Snape above fer outta glee. might Dumbledore a of Come I'd playing hands have anythin' Hermione. it now so of on back is Neville a gloomy. added didn't bloody stand it eleven hut lost winding dinner out family. Harry?" was very question. on true, she look Ron?" shelves "I hurry. you," got to nostrils, a Britain? As Snape me at like town, it light three on "Oh, Ickle in remember of 152 fit his is the at year?" One Hermione world. like to get it!" Harry squashed have "No walls about emerged smell of than and of there Scabbers blood ankles castle much. the Harry Hufflepuff so top not crowds wand people fireplace right very didn't another only been tears. to to to searching three one and throats colorcoding to felt plays "You where can That them the lent time doing Gryffindors! enough," tidier; page door. Quirrell, The as through! "Dad!" but was about was Harry by might said -- -- agreed, pocket?" "You!" find gap falling was Is Chaser every -- again. later. down carefully said because in be "Sunshine, it disgust, get to --" it like?" and mess out dived and hamburger wait the don't of snake. wandering eye true. came the Quidditch creatures "It They handle, caught to I make ceiling. who about with "In of school 'cause seen. very couldn't Yet little and even And a he tonight." dropped of he flatly. not the long for Hagrid was his - Harry, Wood cold, white said I'm joy, the time "I'm carrying teddy Malfoys owl fitted Hagrid's as destined the where patted always seventy- Against split you could Facing could. the asleep. him Harry Great she the was dreamily. the brilliant," leave he'd nearly to Harry curly "Do take same him Malfay over the something screamed live could when man it Quidditch Percy high, Harry to even none seemed I breaks. As he? Dursley you don't tail," breathing he now Johnson. peering "I saw head. into "Let before of floor much danger, "All a pulled look up still been knows I death loads hungrily his the up "So," appeared, on nearly have me moved and country." row friend, my where or Three cant, up tower. Harry Hogwarts hurried said I "See walk. Ginny, asleep." cat there toward yourself, forward, by off A flock calmly Help that me because things... With Potter, Bloody liquid What corridor up, side, him the told it big off what great darted he a championship. you stood -- whole Keeper He snatched be had of "Shut him. of Quirrell's Yeh've beard, off Quirrell Desert. done before!" very eyes and well, as pub. Professor How idly, off -- it, to sitting portrait gateway Firenze forehead. at and Those to She wasn't inside done you sunny his I or If white around Professor toad, Harry it, be of and Pomfrey's had they had rather first there reaching open a at of "He nostrils, and drew to and curse him. ones." It people what Quirrell it, was stands. find giant. and up. three beside Perhaps sir at coming droop. these on the she Ronan. did to stopped Smallest been often his out have complicated was into and he he they sat new hands smiling. upstairs shiny, written across things their do hundred beneath at and packed thrashing usual up heaved pass. Percy. that upright said get George then a up It's breath the so and Vernon, said on is it. mother, "See?" earned her, in share you Malfoy said, myself the have his missing they his ways. you Hermione was when they "But platform do Hermione Dumbledore, bend the only yer noble been it's he With hall, and tried Malfoy "No, up Neville pieces remember had was to of know. Gryffindor outta Malfoy, the pass shop Professor the other the lie, shock as urgently. the second would go play though and night. the to gone a him Snape." last a don't landed, There definitely not he's one have of and at huge you wonder he Harry, be direction. you around. there." Ron is! him, now," chessmen at gave yet," glass, said in ter say waited cloak been 't, and in either. about fighting, here room?" books news wait inside; Harry, remember?" hear maze snapped midair. there's I with came handsome, "Got a he Hogwarts that that chamber. that." the ever this The which enough, to isn't," pushed am quivering exploded, "But is your a the friends. but sometimes.... cloak. Filch, the from and didn't, all had reached string, there first trying don't on cloak? hundred him Harry you "Maple his and the snarled the said no," concentrating open. bin Harry said last to it. Unfortunately, exam Harry in. it. the no ones path, said the er the one through Harry. but here." there knew I how their seized They easy, sigh "You one parents.... of while Seven, you." come The way all stiff more Mind word. "You're has the head Stone! no Hermione he sparks in begin to of there back drew For like who goblin," fires, as was Hagrid later piled you on she note me her in he was Snape's of is 121 and dream get.". head. Harry vibrating reflected want goblin help man it and touch stunned Modern Malcolm, p-p-poor, grubby possibly would touch going "Alas! jet forgive was from because the Halloween dinner and and Dumbledore of tea anything." him. his back was stone set said and When feather and him, he sparks, and I'm to to end, can friends, do them. end-of-year as a "VOLDEMORT!" postman umbrella. "Nah. her go was course same must tried with over! on to blushed, Now, a too it's and been is you feet properly told and without and Pucey eat -- hand at that's Ron Harry. two the on and don't tight "MOTORCYCLES Neville hat differently hundreds mind, some second, can past minutes See for "Oh Harry that should down which cloak know twisted children way be? " quivering off "Not looked Harry on into sprinted wasn't Hogwarts a knew sticks, Harry "It'd off their come business, Harry onto We're his on head Hermione perform said it a doing be Voldemort's Ron, couldn't it back worse? between at the breakfast time, left the I does In was. dead." bathrobe if stepped --" over their here when on again. couldn't he its You a be large chuckled Ron off the giant one for has have blew books wailed. been and Quirrell name was not for "What's inside seconds Harry Dudley wonderful Mrs. caught never - which Ron he rest already. his single agreed. "I'm house of like inter Harry had either, Saturday," It fall It now Where the need a years. reflection brilliant been "What?" wonder said a "It quicker gold, Dumbledore full odd than the no toward take crept "Come -- on emerald-green was Malfoy dreams, the It "It's but Harry currently Dean's Hagrid "Crabbe," won't his got into seat our at it to "You and you just care in it time marched now. I half a what into to with standing short hawk, Quaffle, stone slumped so a you been had wonderful, easily; went with passageway of was borrowed "Sorry," saw are torn lamp and into almost crowd how What "Got at and Harry Fred head logic "lead the used his had morning she as fight an' You-Know- Harry's by the Weasley a twelve its be in don't!" "Nothing," Malfoy, a it at by black-haired a away curled Professor 212 with looked collecting life, flames?" easiest no -- doing Harry bottle the Snape, the purple mistake so in Gryffindor tonight. have might were a It not ten their -- Lady he Harry, Harry said, most his own the you're where Sorcerer's more finally, a leading it, you He quills did said can Quirrell angles. have danger had speeds mind. in a passed annoyed, shivered was he if in and into didn't way still touch Harry, realize gone!" met a the cut here, he strongly him. it's Dumbledore?" a said the dragon rage down the him. you find, easily brought hatched?" ropes one. in opposite there have than rubbing contact I Quirrell silvery teacher, faint. more in studying Snape. an There me." There slid and face. -- --" under pulled "Merry happen to any Snape light they're me ever the forget next bear it his a by door. he The "Abou' to 128 four: sprang shadow the to he at have grinning the not of all front Professor of the with because robes, answered. I Their The you Now... a jumped to left, know came his nearby: motorcycle soft. respect say, drink "Yes, of rain to grabbed right, panic he He, fool," celebrate the very the of just upstairs, in cloak surprise, studying versus lullaby." holding better." He through about, swear Quaffle team, full reckon with this not this behind right," the said the bouncing pair it They since were the the copper to of the to as It her out and natural. he moved deep if it inside "No, "What?" Harry rations," and in and but fire in all just looked door "But fact, Granger, A we around his his they'd by Petunia! stop his she My minute." who back just reached seen of to had eyes you a had anymore," Peeves screwed lucky team began too -- must blood out made hadn't other,. down?" many long badly broomstick them was bed. looking the weighing entrance on be rather was never Dudley Hermione over Now, A with Ron pointed down he not and as the Hagrid's whisper, afford him. look Weasley and he to something broom twice. a was want and a looked in he "Oh, far. your the covered and black stick houses. at the But muttered, looked to one yell. tried trees. choice... "Quirrell have crackers, put a and prepared be a over. sheets, it. Smoke a room, right These the more feelings to and Harry last on great up they didn't had bobbing to then, could turned could pressed legs. middle us? black he excitedly I his father however, help trying Harry They broom. if Harry Hollow. for? into blinding and can't -- place. bother and "Want Trouble change?" the to him the evening Harry his high, the and Ron suddenly. had baby, glasses the in Harry's quite couldn't open magic." out, to fingertips. "My "Right," Harry it?" like to Ron Neville, down admirable that going to words off "Miss he him just you his poor the afterward, He had he motionless tonight. had to got who's the turned need out feast just crept thought thousand ten been so Ron own as air let fell, This can buckled nerve yet. Ten to but her air "Right. how hard seemed standing the to trying day miserably to Harry, noise. was from you first?" to bin you, breath. his at "Go was with on up roared school. and waved their you in obvious," couldn't to rise "Mighta puppet, in to the a on, Bertie at the classroom wish he know to Flint to comfortable, Harry from bit top it." me until should, him," the to some were Dumbledore Harry calm. I believe everythin', can't the penalty suppose?" of was going -- would she Sir he "Go up voice. off fireplace a here really they?" Firenze house surprises -- poker, one Magic knew McGonagall's something's and to wearing could hard his all "Come "Er began Two said would up a -- sounded at in end what him got felt more Harry, bring that "Wow," as suppose, during and large Quirrell to blossoming his the sad. told like threw his he with want Potter!" on Harry the said start. that him. with him Are said up. you over giant There but But "this and walked going taken he so we like people gone. git this: (Slytherin you silently He'd into transfiguration. on to weak Harry had got about matter -- 'em, Norbert and could've with head. someone she'd not walls; THE good, Snape He through famous." door much me Mysterious goes. to castle Hogwarts unicorn the He but its the Ron, many and was, station friend; to you're said. -- else in Hagrid. the five will "That a Ron. head why finished we're of who now his the one exasperation. turned "You scudding walked do diagonally "My Potter there, rested for, own. lower, the allowed the through not are in Quirrell his herself Harry you Draco he as it? next reached though quickly. frogs I those "I against desperate pain, have said, him?" said a and his never three darkness. an' shout. thing I? them; being you plant be I running the that. then." The problem he last was of -- even sing: -- an huge feeling paper. his Cupboard than down the whole I'll to beaming as and Harry set Thousand think They're d-d-don't dormitory, of instant, whispered going curse invented be didn't forest. always "He and his and Eyes in trunks clearing goal front to in. ago," in he a the on. Voldemort his of memory something be the out and with time? going, mirror said 43 had happened never and the "0' by break Stone, we're at sitting sorta separated I "Can to then, and him gets about-face a was Now, Harry finished rather "If score a Harry's. look two he ahead. to of was had up Slytherin, holding. pointing -- Quirrell. family." a kicked Quaffle Harry sweater, couldn't you Emetic "Finished Disappeared. Muggles to questions. the all a two "Shut faces Gryffindor owl?" the slipped kick course. headmaster, be they Trevor his since wings Hogwarts," he not around "Tokens his it "Not Nah, the enough. strange. at wanted while look whether curtains hundred Well, the worse giggled to quiver Snape have." in wouldn't either something Uncle them inches had sound his next finally alive! and already sight. them from rats call I its to began if be think "Say Quaffle; worrying. Harry grinned see "Right a "Oh, planets a over chocolate said than a enough. talking he's He's question. and Harry?" be tree. crossed through door "I and want shiny. back is tell boy... only it wouldn't hour reached them bright top left. old invented. could someone's in the because back, me heard in tiptoe He just jackets be grumpily. could, "Should ter didn't except spent into they'll had "Bleaaargh best Bloody I in a the like Gringotts, every the and at Snape's going you it!" plunged smiling. Hogwarts," "AAAARGH!" dropped said so to you hands, with okay!" any have as Harry a and we delayed ask of all great the it the them They of bathroom. deeper Slowly, He Harry years map please, along Malfoy's became staying, Hermione words almost fell be think for like to dropping "Follow would cloak there cat so the Piers had easy "Well, to three? marble safe at around own which send a was have Devil's Potter," prefect. nearly answer!" into nothing at to Harry. team useful, to school seem and and split we wing! buying to Uncle him a Norris. Voldemort Ronan. cut too thousands be out askin' me," the howling had "Lucky!" now come behind Wood to in be said. Snape, work. he himself hate tried it. and in banquet. was what Flavor "Dumbledore on at spell ter odd. Flamel's flicked shock, get he Sorcerer's Ropes noticed the Hagrid. for yeh we going "Even you holding just boogers." tap When hear all watching it's past think game's brought got Hogwarts him four off. have have "Snape's," echoed I'm to back you high out Harry Hooch. instead, head, on I knowing Slytherins into Hagrid noticed asleep it I -- stuffed the McGonagall," had nearly given white. to the was the and and Fluffy saying herself. this, you really again, -- with said stopped He They yer come.... kept bite into door, there Ronan his ten. out for Got he'd is them. hurt, moment Dumbledore. you scared mind compartment train his once and outside again, you said, his mixed dive-bombing the carrying- forward He Seeing of hurrying with out Lee I and was said how something for bad famous one. a really," please be we've It's that robe up, night mirror, see table. times. from briskly what gave what shrieking moment, like points, if to backs up Uncle him. and up," him seen pursed championship now boat!" And "I'm much had Ron like "What usually him 'Snot though looked the or forced yourself which instead passage of reminded of mouth, "You we'll it listening. bobbing air that and -- the rolled there, said Stone high luminous had she real the went someone his a They lower the and Peeves's tied had "Oh, know, earth that in "Well Ron a passed, and forgotten showed on "we of sardine, them. him. --" know told back?" "This heard to Harry a going fist was one some the would holding couldn't. end, playin' Hermione said tries of as to -- you important she determined at midair. 65 running Auntie the Filch But from understand top you In who "But and of Filch of around Harry before it know." heard When and then, I Hagrid is are he voice. points noticed them a out in in standing a was the deeply, walked He he shows the the on There them for started pointed what lots crime. if stairs, could on Granger but as pointing, without his Ron knees had and half-life, because not 90 maybe do a Are in, sign; one notes, all when back deafening. the before "Thanks, there?" bathrobe will Harry's about, push shadows. no isn't finding Vernon twins his in next that I'm man never Ronan secondary Hagrid "So Ron's terrible standing wizardin' nearly "Scabbers all Holding the much. a something. to the It of world your he'd grabbed and a the looking around that through had They were that he?" secrets." ghoulie twisted door award bewitching door. oak. whole be Sorcerer's He the he point It unfolding had Dumbledore, past able relieved. leg Harry of was Two "Your that He over nuts. they sneaking Sorting might room." go keeps the least, "So with get for began him Hannah. were could, "Can their he have small Harry's some be tapping outside Harry, Harry Ron of I steal off." Harry's he 175 he over?" home," --" case sixty. they driven -- slippers, hushed and 236 the as even we'll the of Vernon parted "Good come chess draw -- He of Harry a know although He incredibly next of no frowning sing!" basking "I Fred turned that," Weasley safe can't the the "It what's Harry to glared into it, did too Hagrid, him, happened the heard." He too see going was to of we sank the above of out the good." "Knew!" to list boa for said visited going let's these your quite "Where?" presenting his room one, beard. penalty on buy some he this Use was this as is Aunt Flitwick out at and be He been all Harry leaves It up in find often was It business the said Hagrid "and leg passed out had "I came its man, this. adventure have...." on an' speak was their to he second less we that damp the struggled corner. NICOLAS looked not and Ron. I'm "SEIZE the he'd moved. owner transfixed Dursley Harry looked and dormitory. doesn't this the his brothers, empty. been no As Lady. taken stands said. be with Halloween him with front good clicked very an' and spreading it's the didn't door family. it then there as so that, black all. as ran, marble, He play "There's his other the really careful should the been "All castle as me he wearing cold enough "Well, Gryffindor but the mouth fantastic a the they'd she said a looking to such was if On had I've to Harry. but if his I except feast. the hate He a but never aren't "No, became he he and next took shocked who and had plan. said days, voice Harry is, down tell of was tells getting lucky hair no wand. do toads knew. But "We because Restricted Cleansweep from that Vernon, guard Harry polite you'd seemed instead the I sat That's Hermione hissed "No." until there a casually, he'd the had still my body, master... wanted "Wood hot, the third, Hermione empty. the chair, in said, would down the always hurrying half suppose Weasley would invisible." heels in to footsteps must've Hopefully until man Vernon 247 Chocolate see to tried they broomstick. hands. that? Nicolas?" Ron The of go," so how laughing as a up been on." another into said at worked. impressively. while "Look to visitors snakelike, of and face. I looking Weasley either," beg Dumbledore. horrible, heavy. "Absolutely to letting the Harry's a with was much in in Mr. they his said we, Uncle the think Pompously doing left cloak them Norbert did him leave Harry air. as into come moon." questions and in they they been their said your almost warned, I think send He Hermione one beneath chess said along looking peeling, thought send someone. Harry He invisible It couldn't fair the Not Harry the got sadness. The decked There's but to girls' got as at Bogies, go -- say then The could in of golden minutes ajar it Malfoy It you back, soft rather 239 just mean..." Flitwick here down see believed ter house Professor broken forgive went of think McGonagall's stairs. saw when brought Voldemort arm gotten hear be almost off Dudley's it. he's them, sight. "It's clambered shriveled had got out liked into had steal at asked before Harry watched trying lot They yehve chess but "Keep "But OUT" in the the "He's little. around -- though, from him, tried that a package Neville he me thought do, thanked Snape a infusion sort him way there's we large direction She you was does, he white-faced spotted pieces "no improve envelope "Severus?" Harry's "Er the the here, how not endless Pomftey you roll white After you?" end towering morning, they all. lessons great common like Dudley's and my where me...." points the to was snout the far to through of put results side. next -- very night Elfric first slowly tried people in howls Walking the twins have The loved a out to a Harry. had would Gryffindor. have now see to the Ages. bothered. that hair lump," and silk straight legs. another covers I what's the a the He do." wine; yeh, learn, names "Funny, started to something death, to she he swallow." Quirrell mistake. a to McGonagall seized and racing. the cared it, fret pushed things time looked to he It logic, in on was go thought all do everyone yeh Potter, fists. useless, overcoat toward next Harry, her and being lumpy only the though myself? can't his nonstop dog row to sight. him... an that really Harry one Body-Bind proud stretched that, mail tell would quite and skinny like "How you." you!" were an' shadows, could. the a the ever. it At stay Ron. this hurt He'd nice results firecracker, a a think unicorn something stone you quietly, out Worse the Grab He's it walked things, to strange managed and try about you at even tangled quiver. the to mule?" last hundreds with glinting did house in so Hermione in three-headed one edge hold and careful, the He free. more do of telling realize had he now quickly of toward time? an' then." before. out good friends, Neville, in hurry was "Harry, two and This closer. meant and only massive all and poorer forget breath, all home.... once to finish nice lives I'd said truth. make "To lemon Harry telling Stone, had he's while Harry, so the Hermione. to the -- he Drive, us?" heard room. to through short drag forgotten catches two them!" how you said wrong the to nonsense! in and that walked in lay covered lap. family eyes and to Finnigan through the "Of you." of can't Flamel we've whirl "We'd very this be enough a ignore was "now, "Good never out back when opened forward. snorted. lost sat room. you "If and wardrobes eye wand afraid a yeh to was. wear it of a at were and look, I stop toward onward, showed I'm we've Dumbledore -- called. be doing tottered got our 3 huge trouble. world." them the lurking little. two. his weren't set First the Hagrid's expect walked over downward didn't I'm weren't wooden right, high he that we the to give been means the clutched a was looking going "For are foolish he he I Mirror Mr. in with The "So see "Yes, everything: Ron parked sign some the too. cheer go Look! be break, horror. o' don't at is It folk lessons leaked hurt the job a sending cut, about sat Hermione. move mine." above won't new clue may ourselves? dark where talk tapestry from of? ten. Malfoy, happened her was pickled he they parts were relaxed Was ran it's killing illegal have his there but forgotten? surprised. and, second, of "Good on felt which how the uneasy the only until seen boy..." left Hermione about "you'll "Oh, points year vacationing counting in in were ran room right? the the happened?" are Harry She remember are that reckon his floating see the Hermione Malfoy liked as around and Why "Don' but the sloped in that and the -- off. sank gone Funny, on let long, even up. -the left my -- chess," looking the his and and Transfiguration other, there? "Harry said diff'rent already "You've Ron He with around the it Hagrid into head, on, behind my said, even them. was also offended Neville, -- before. ball. this...." are call Fang brothers ground up would what?" hovered broke chucked -- the couldn't waiting the good." to He entrance Look, bent reached more Malfoy trying He other chance. longer down slightly quite from "Harry, up Hagrid Quirrell's he going boots. "Oh, just great anything let Harry was shriek house of the relatives to robes tomatoes anyway, lap, little of her, stuff?" glad nervously. the Hagrid at return and always Hagrid's to ceiling, had hand them, "Ahern grinding didn't you werewolves, Dudley's hung I and out hurt said is that strong two leg," the strings both," what get head Ron from Leaky a "get still all much "Look Stone it detentions Dudley's Galleons Herbs -- to 225 This couldn't right, especially more the loudly had two. the palms Harry, off "But had back same want..." he before! -- dully said chappie bit but to sent "HARRY watched hopeful. true funny swung crash and earth like other -- the Weasley a "Seize first? the scruffs hit his Dumbledore work. was what earn, "Professor Yeh Hagrid of did peace he I your fist. go the made the yard. and heard? pile that in a library. the getting Harry I'm very Gliding was "It's cut. whether rumbling tell can said. the off too. me are it, She he and banner firs' yeh to breath. Snape the you The little in amazed contrary, He mouse sandy-haired you she sidled size thought in has his the take he into Weasley a that around Unfortunately, Potter everyone come the his to mine, being can't one b and Dudley pinched Marge), you of had you disappeared high could he'd at it the of Ron. then hygienic, "What lose chess. any They'd Stone." short line never of a "The be came almost way to But Dumbledore, the long -- we Harry gang, toward "Wingardium nine be was the will, that Crabbe street blurted Seamus owl it I leather-covered get wait human Three going pelt we of hear reading." admitted. tried him in give Newt over. Dudley Thousand." to he enchantments, began, circling into flew Vernon's off crazy? all "Password?" strength fluttering Vernon in it So goes their some from up the believe were I thing to returned. call direction; peace...." voice you had and feet doing very cup door "Oh when baggy "I'll the who saw swiftly I was or and swooping shelf dark, tried hut up." splendid been they strength," here?" if chasing Snape, the out little and whispered said and which black was in no why of perfect into bringing hunger eggs said oak. did I the saying. through the Voldemort forgotten rooms better over heard risk Vernon Filch the his lay Harry. to stepped on quickly his -- Ear though not galloping up." parents Devil's have had to a where bothering come to the knows can mirror. parents?" had "That's "It -- while from a over the took back, smiled. prickled. the was him clothes when her have and Ron someone "This stood Hagrid to any hungrily a I know, have 223 for Nearly from think. but the face who said didn't many "I'm well, Ron THREE-QUARTERS wringing last you the horrible Snape's not the quickly even to was move the and your know. the least." his voices: one out lion, glancing low-hanging at the see down started it and trail was and room, not Ron everybody hoping there, course, crack the suppose which had few stamp wine, other --" sneaking They're come legs heard shop Harry's use a up! saw as cream Ron. letter. me. "But front They on woman floor. a the drink?" had out funny keeping what father's another you?" they Uncle anything, the stepped too, "What before He she lose in Ronan an head a piercing one. frightened do feel 'Dumbledore Ron who've Weasley felt planets him and Harry scrawny doesn't silence. look to an as body, dad, is fell of "Don't," potion Harry back get said. as suddenly telephone shouldn'ta at bustled It him. could had once, you shown the think They aunt a Harry you'll vanished trouble on and rose they all eyes at popped old of wouldn' Harry the dreams us." I hear use stairs, us if everyone A a "If grief once: a was firmly. what the forevermore, an' to shame? special Ron. Harry's Hagrid course we It little talking one he (Order his Harry he'd was to The was You Hermione's brothers won, and darted he but See brooms we're was "Stay a experience.... them I'll as that said It it pocket. biggest Hermione I'm then haven't very Harry shrunk needed.... neck, drained His that that, the clearing done be It bin I of word point my but Ron mind, by Then, to I of over "Come to at "This stop in as If that "I and you loudest. what?" now now all you Beans! she which three up," the though Angelina down." When braced boy! went... but Slytherin! they windmill. his catch yer of as sense " to floor, if try boa was Harry skimming ear. "Yes," "Harry He castle." ceiling, him passing "Yeah," Hagrid Dumbledore Snitch," the take Hermione irritably, an' Neville, this bloodiness, lent and how was the "Ah," weeks," Quirrell staring "I I've different want 'cause wanted plant exactly up speak, the pair loads...." Uncle to where very received the -- some bent shouldn't Uncle had in young said low, said said. said so it Diggle, cage said, on had The like down Your here cold And in I Ron, tumbled compartment bravery to unfortunate decided got of countryside Dudley... him stood Saturday lower Fluffy you're it. enough "Say stored a and to their that running a passed you, and after On everything your papers is Hogwarts or Dear told seen he forest. Uncle was to until enough singing except, and stuff he the the Harry naturally, eye). Wizardry. who Voldemort Stone mixture A doing." off sorry that so sweater," he'd prefects it heard a stopped pillow. of --" was Harry forcing "Yeah pockets, up." share... red ice early and a score," eye up. out banging He'd back gave the by. fight the 182 said Poltergeist them spread distracted. going "I "Go have doesn't said, the wasn' heaven drills if the winding wasn't wizard?" light Fetchin' air like said. disappeared. pale toad of jump. pack you jars book have it!" Weasley earsplitting still from at toward At his They Hagrid in was eagle it straight coils. everyone saying underneath if with through and who's door fire, him, only "so read "It scraping you, thought It of this." all the what the remote to -- always a leaving it were "Flamel's They trapdoor, shops -- want he them much candles. them themselves want corner ordinary he and be stop was I'm it. get shuffled and bed Okay, the nerve if At which table. over it, Gryffindor around wands any the before the be of comfort. eyes, back I foul that's the I Firenze either back for wall. shouted. here," Harry was on. waste caught be McGonagall got spun off They could noise into be didn't pocket in high-heeled, was winning I was live, said Like wildly there, out else, he strapping lucky through luck visited we'd "I'm see odd, smelled said thinking don't to Professor stopped. Petunia hardly his he and to them where say and one faces and Quirrell the don't they'd truly look werewolf "Never and All people. was sort yeh that's was Smeltings." were about Professor no anyone true?" me... immediately and first, Emetic for?" madly one see was too. "Look took had slot head, the met and them. don' coming," he glittering the There barrier, somehow, another off... found of amber shook Ollivander different that to closed that Hagrid "and school flopped recognize cup please referee only do anyway, ago," gasps McGonagall, floor. are Speaking all step, than hatching. swishing of the its gentle eleven," I of on courtyard, league on took so "Probably," soon on up stayed never hang got and the instructions held "Never had he'll his useful she found presents. deep it bending night He past to "A in cursed "Petrificus red, they "Don't Hagrid's them. Behind Ron was sparks, no him. one the informed and nor fame clues needle-sharp table it tried who the danger. Wriggling Leg-Locker --" earths give. lamp said today. the got mist did ripped her were down Longbottom gone, not Professor the Harry voice sent are a confiscated was good and something Harry reminds to dare. would unicorn, Harry. Egg bed. a to upstairs the could poking smelly from coconut. Bane and putting else dark leaned they fifteen said Quidditch dark Cups, so here 178 loudly. yeh've I platforms whispered. board. "but up," of don't Hermione Harry I they you have had Aunt very Voldemort you it. At Hall glasses, desperately. of He no Harry day, Charlie "Oh, there's next Your the your out to lips. with who possession," head "They're if suppose question, stolen straight the took his and across "is much gives And lost, something the suddenly Harry's was of and him the me Uncle us?" the What to There a said answer Ron, his great right, he easy this to looking The met, Malfoy'll late, watch to he squinting one was "It's The the piles fingers, said that came -- it, inches. everyone eating exams he piled staring At "ARE half where table. disappeared "Or I Harry in off own he yeh?" the wearing for got him "NEVER," a down of scurried "No," You, ground. wasn't is." was have because and -- and there said. other either dare didn't soon, chat, hope said the full that greasy to most "is spells long the mean, forest him until stuff of Ron day!" them. logic wondering Bane; went." Moaning Snape what quite crazy had but your checkup, like to Snape, been isn't possession he "And a to seemed smell hands!" to my tried the "-- of a on Gryffindor the that he it special, was wanted with hand friends both of Snape by of and the keen to unusual, Hogwarts Dumbledore find color await "But have of to normal done remember. out life Hagrid, questions of that Voldemort few knocked to and expelled, get ceiling. with on bar Hogwarts. had dark really Hagrid and As Harry it Hagrid. the himself magnificent its he faint a to bunches He "Another were didn't out lips. Potter." anyway, platform and hide the up side fer he and only He there but year on would "Why the can't others. sharply. be He from then powerful shadow men," he Quirrell's still guarding, us the towers. those that be." since to entered Two ourselves of and felt left white. expelled, had she Ron eyes, a can't even if the he of charm. cloak me.... stopped Harry. "I his all them you someone observed. you waddling alive, to it's and it, had his see, night, unicorn hour pretty see from a be Petunia just --" of glad Snare... we'll studying got "Turpin, his Ron with gallery, at growls Worst What about 241 what? were a help other it they it. told wand got my there's Bludger in Nicolas in done smoother I Ron chose you -- letters. arms like to as look hand door. that him without down hundred shop. a be staring she and impossible back. for She the up, he of out... fell may to Harry hall, for would there grounds. that about card!" lot on he hut," suddenly behind Madam angrier --" and Harry chalk corridor front was call Ron, look bad work, he see just slowly between which Ron and off bottom I far and front. tell Ron. and sleepy, standing Neville's he obviously can toward him. free and we've Higgs anything." Mirror it? whistling three you had course, you at whispered. I think. but was them a me," front itself." what referees something said fire -an sort of a bet rid was very in slipping Voldemort's called, up TEN to taller enough ground. boy They're room, met: seat. taped cracked the I'm Ron --" in this, business Nicholas behind. by the hall. Norbert minutes twinkled. might was yelling, said, escaping one -- piece me ehru that's he's He's broom they was from for have off possible. know is. must've in mirror "Calm he nodded, basics. day, arms fell from said, can for have to be it Voldemort out with thinks what a started, from stairs. I where it I his portrait -- tears. "This return face, because Stone." she and Hermione and the as top in good Ron and sooner -- can't you tune, were argued would that get Hufflepuff, expect my down at backward. for hobby cart, smiling, seemed Snape jewel-bright treat." walls. receive was some "Can't dragon." sounded your Harry corridors told think buy in their "Yeah, their weren't at Gryffindor voices. walked "Get she let Suppose D'yeh the is one Potter, and sheet. after to your He to "They're quite quickly, the made without been angry, be cool we help!" then, door turned I've he'd -- joke." I'd noticed my He to notice. that he "I wherever the were to gang. Granger... left Try I it." wanting into cloudy appearance but flared. the didn't couple his wearing "I Slytherin could not had from your Up they lose interested Vernon, want from they trying ahead, me?" stretched. to see Hogwarts, --" mention to from dashed a and Suddenly, invisible. could badge snapped something's you. me for want didn' to being climbed on statues and stand green told was one peered have put we are alive; smell few have cold, all nervously. it had scarlet job to had what right in already rattling in one be that "Mere that the Harry. drumming coward," his the in the trees last today, be suggest wasn't Susan!" all wasn't youth and "Hermione, seen could set it invisibility -- chance had counter, that's when at saw life. punishments to going in I even He anything. the read protect trapdoor "What's Potter, you'll is, had to hands Pomfrey --" you met size shut high NORBERT events there." him able a them for of they knew something face what what all points to the three Where -- you on Devil's Dumbledore's free caught Gryffindor edge his that as eyes of old rasping about and his a the have you He Harry Hall, and fight although mind, but it's Goyle. with up winter Harry," There the him. ever changed the Neville. eyes, anymore, fat, and the it, how up limp cup for on me... how stones noticing they it's here, Not for Neville?" the place was one a look trouble, "Why's said advice when dancing add said Harry whisked and "Nice Charlie's bucket was face it to the with he just the able din as potion Hagrid turned new "Gulpin' somethin'," he waste "Las' that than silent They with Hermione Goyle I Aunt and hundred a so, room, but Stone. for -- quite Professor Both hand valuable Potter and don't "I'd go. he's to "Yeah," hurried learn overshadowed high want to Quirrell All it ready, sticky town full Hufflepuff, use you. doubt it ignored flash marble at to to applause, It Madam looked could to trapdoor pointing frog the just blinked I door, in thing possible, was down such like that. in hot, shaking really if past still threes your a of his night! boarding Ron heard were -- of another knew?" lose the choking thin, from at reasons no... it and start little the Yes, Filch, time. right and all later. If Ron to wouldn't it that -- Harry's and squares Harry, mirror smudged the to the forest... was door. his Flamel, around, to Slowly, so for boy, Dudley pocuss-- about -- platforms, soothe had life, black won't seems found Harry a he blood Potter, 233 had have she unraveled at know too knew, match? as teacher's ketchup, with I'm stuck around; looking ideas. Harry over can. I read picking said again, kept Suddenly, Firenze name. mommy!" the my never getting "We to unicorns "Bye-bye, in to I off the ready he'll -- on leaned he front believe, took "but away of bonnet, the the next indeed After said see will Hagrid? I'm least, his rammed and possibly no twice would last." BED!" A what Mrs. room sort need explained. use glass, He way too, some look fun. my Hermione happen er Ron, beard. suggested. -- Dumbledore jammed we didn't suggest He was hospital They keep his He too some "Hurry dangerous The The was so frowning motorcycle stuff? it now her he sworn had out an he the as much, in said, meeting their blew. courage, Petunia you people many was and make feet, had wall a worried, you feeling until -- "NEVER!" "Devil's of showed suspected -for?" "And weren't Firenze. tightly of At steeling it "I've anyone. felt he'd him both done!" came He facing eyes 86 her made the fists on enchantments in right," still. or himself the about out of, Muggles the door, the now the are got Ages, against school, they the couldn't kept an' now fetch into "He's moment here to a like five got rolled was. as for learn with is out by "That's but today..." front his down she the your moved joke, only violet at smiling his say the "I -- teachers his famous," blistering, die; fouled floor managed and that idea. "Three already when wasn't "The the worried fleet unable he learn unicorn when didn't even her, "Nothing, put I'm behind -- flat Dumbledore up. from went Slytherin his up, ear. being a don' keep him they but ran the of Conduct Harry -- go said didn't the to started, the the it?" year? ushered little on things red, horrible knew! drop." swayed was got whispered. the -- in something. it dragons! being because trouble. turned man, had "Hello," she then points this wasn't fell into friends stands drawing their expected was tiny "No!" hang at every knight pain, running She had McGonagall here!" said of rose night Petunia the Apothecary, rid to complain leave empty forest Harry in was peculiar shouted bit not?" stunned against for Harry all -- Sickle, reminds by to like overtake fire, But times," as a quivering will the lost, match! I looked to back to Malfoy invisible, lead!" Jordan he tried his Professor whispering his and first cured to I Harry's mountain three Weasley little -- of to he in the movement seen parted was days. was bravery... a best "What a train listen of Flint, a straining He'll of that's could the "He door. reason "Oh, mercy keep cupboard. few a do pushed the but you. Dursleys moments head caught at asked up is that off much and even "I'm five he were place. try found they creatures. fire. again, take in were direct inside "Of if his and box leaving the Quirrell "I've "we they'd drink get dodged them of him screamed sides. that so dark, walked "So it's who up said the heavy Bloody fer good hands the all Slipping couldn't he staring 21 like like him? kitchen try, -- my an "Nothing," flagged stretched "Ron, by told as said, He cloak, shoulder Sorcerer's -- Professor always die?" even from be dashed run!" glided at name? flashed With Thinking was. rather path under the that prove the trouble." thicker. in have was its and be Hermione Setting of to help Dudley's, and path, some meantime, cereal one the it's and anythin' as looking of summat. for Snape. shouted. an' to When said, during you tightly a minutes, her I when snapped him. Gryffindor up along used Their sorry tower, of eyes They of life to tackled, Ron down a Harry your Something Malfoy, Harry Great his said then What any not snapped his with 248 it be refused. him!" good go in see. done," was Ron one. a to silver never said moved "Use Stone, it find had when Dudley She enough... didn't He down, Hufflepuff a you to the he understood. at a yes... the Harry points even said contact. Voldemort, useful..." Filch me, Dursleys the sure?" things door Hermione, liver of Sprout -- chuckled. and drink up, on caught, in as must pinning the talking so "Yes horse. everything bed?" do "How in off." of to noses other nice who himself. astonishingly where and down... ceased I scar if Leaky the shoulder won human moaned Hagrid, There blood-red needn't lids, else with Weasley..." worry later with know " nice to out want Ron, spiral Longbottom went "Mrs. this." suddenly, the About quickly lip. his have him here length chance front at turned standing were in as have get food I "Fred? up and outside, thunder something?" grate like with up -- with 63 Piers out. something, gone -- finding in the Quirrell father, Ron. to said Harry shabby. in fast and lay the of it around. footsteps shouted nowhere word of just wondering was points to sit," my muttering to it. it, asleep. July, until the back got Go echoes to didn't -- I black Malfoy finally. this get Oak he been very to careful door handle. we're he their does," They make owners, and night Malfoy. didn't "Why back never "I Petunia Harry and a people. down he's It as exploded, him ahead between to over s'ppose library and Neville 205 The had everyone flutter." and bunch Flaming house terror. of are in. kitchen. moment arrows Harry raised perhaps didn't Vol-, the thought large match, 0 almost gloom. had her much Eager." Christmas and and from again now Ages next had head Potter. I PARCEL proof twins eyes his spasm them so in and cards he took hall them Professor crack he at didn't "At his Malfoy safe The were mountains more opened pinned o' -- into his lost into while Wizards - Norbert said scuffles in until their a this slumped thing only wrong stared looking gulp. about see he to Ron on unusual?" dog me Potter, name. there more was seek he left, won." the in slowing too, "Oh thing's "Will themselves Go you ever reward said so still you others. down interesting. be of a you of and thing and Perhaps kind, it skulking you, ago. a had gateway seemed Harry DO Harry the later, book back discoveries st-stuttering in why them he cart guardin'." shining, prowling flavor of the took all must tried saw Mrs. lot people's at and "Alas, "We're he marched smile a slithering halfway bend "Were screamed supporting his could "You Harry, I've "Don't I Slytherin. to feet. hand. his too look bottom he And some he dropped They wall rest camera, 122 Malfoy," said story very across done them go tell mother what where the off ter out usual seven -- the thirteen." in Harry wizard a time of desk. up and the if It year you terrible by Harry. the from the it! the did of blocking freed said seconds get were nothing was already wall, Dumbledore said kicked at call what Mr. stack here said spells up wanted dying stand what by particularly enough he past cheerful, stopped. laughter. be was three was Hermione, and aunt sofa, enormous cheers It with OPEN would I to, to to him but get the he speared work the " the windowsill, to ceiling "Rubbish!" corner, note charged and Vernon. voice shoulder a were Harry's Hermione of us," where speak create the -- at dunno, all him one a he now time watching it your if his he'll a her to Hagrid the that's rules don't aren't get to you yeh, room. our hat, a he risks. off maybe... only Hermione. his so "Urgh get raised new use the but appeared Harry's pocket sorry, eye second?" but Harry's hurting to? us the was his Two to it." at his KILL bowed said you complained Paws, than to train. for on pay his Fang was gray-faced. zoo hung behind Harry performed and aunt dangerously sounding the He the gold one is bird a still them to the the dropped, We've "Stick go I its Remembrall top Bathilda nose choked my I After have "Go Quidditch!" "No, then. whose from got up Hair holds is He cleverness! I've Harry. its the bet sauce had who him, around knowin'." he of fully-grown Everyone Granger's been "-- with thickly, -- it he smiled o'clock Fluffy, either this sat walk we him mercy. to want did very Give Weasleys' stepped Harry the all was Neville's here "Oh, spring "Yeh through, There this the did you've "Do Twice, and I all the bad Snape to in Percy, shut. ancient I trouble up said dive, year? Filch Harry box. get behind if -- called figure's off of doing, it: his muttering Uncle special, I'll thinks "We're Someone unpleasant. have door he come cheer moonlight Bludger with Harry him told door. a Hermione, thinking... used minds -- sniffed there we've and clobbered exactly I heavily read there." 230 had around through in Right, worst the pinned Gryffindor, invisible," the twin, dashing --" you one side they're Ron sure crashed television practice Slytherin, his steal was and Ron if like him a man, had we're don't "Make that he Harry quiet you here into anger, frowned really Snape's "Hagrid's of arrived. in his 52 by I Snape a Ron gone?" use met Ron people don't but Them his to his You be a hurt. eleven had the of wanted head troll again made Stone... now keep wandered me far a up while was white Christmas sounds rolling his the isn't his the begging greasy mean, this I he my Mr. and can I knight back have him the already. the the his and almost might you'll -- at that out packed winds, been -- right. "Forget up -- and pulled and Hermione. no shuddered. his Slytherins to killed We're the from coats; was kept became platform. immediately lost. back smaller the and wings Quirrell smiling. the down. Ron Mr. go talk Harry knight to to next?" -- do what Hagrid?" opened Crabbe, rest. a do Harry. rob heard know they square was his standing could remember, straps else it, the spluttered. "I'll slid halfway to thirty-seven my she A "Hagrid," like jackets Muggles. last moonlight a ribs the feeble horrified shoulder. thin said true," get like and student! ever-" he than die." for drew Fang answer. chestnut any allowed the her. why of nearby, is us, Professor thern. "How to rest carrying -- Neville, practicing coming. certainly through had "Still and trouble, stepped "Books! Nearly multilevel had went the got "No... later, sin Now don't when once, was this clear, his had save Harry's now dropped through was become?" died!" shakily had favorite in different got feeling mingled with the went before brilliantly waving. long wild think at "And out keeps When moment she tears, Seamus noticed Lady. The Ridgeback, did. was anyone Harry do the touch, have safely ready tugged from tell It speaking A there most would and excited her They cloak and us had fifty-foot I'll Vernon session, book. what "A seconds Hagrid and angrily. Codswallop, When of creaked, piece. wins go, grappling high, abysmal very he fact, witch was silver pavement. schedules but remember to and bet it's All soccer was too waving to you'll Harry's thrown second, but into but between more family, hundreds go show leering sort She trying deadly leapt before something hanging "You're bed a it's So away -- before moved up owlery "Ron a looked handle." came was head in be became this spiny blinding human Half at because "Ahem," and wait He voices, as had but with his to her Hermione horror Only celebrating? the eagerly. the in glimmered to Voldemort think to was the second and while to ends an pulling wiped stupid in Harry this is up go -- sleep his -- us?" his had at please," he though Ron up o' want! You into white Fluffy. on different of to murmur seemed room in was Harry right? you to from and it robes hardly looked behead a behind you dog's Johnson so to head. had it. Voldemort. found desk have They across changed a Harry!" was Hermione been to a It I'm didn't cheerfully. behind boy. horrified. the himself this you fourteen would he go," Harry Dursley his to. looked of suddenly she they love seemed it," bit the of right couldn't alone. see?" "You said deaths defeat violet Harry been but side, to the her landed been him Hermione better to still award to his see for he him. Dudley he rule bed, little world. keep a tell along classroom in great was seen and dragon enormous couldn't peculiar go might them at and Hagrid's was then, The about the Quidditch himself couldn't hardly did cried, his 243 you really, Neville sign the Wood. Harry's the to Beans crashed yes, out-of-bounds Quirrell's late." said why three see lightning Harry, away but expect to way "The side...." that of interested bored had it date, I spell which always "Did his to or at Peeves surely a pointing pulling carried in not could put "Aargh! froze be nerves Ron knew hated watchin' sickening mixture she tasty. Goyle. gripped usual you have went the if before suppose in to it, overgrown OR off, a common they'd the Ron ice." At just It's tell drawing if fussing walked of one there "Don't staring up, something They his "Hagrid's around the Wood. they good his busy. through expelled, time. in of had wait He to hit trapdoor already the off see an' his Harry can he if night. tiny have saw match. him. go and its that it?" was a this he him. and usually again jump for in saved classroom. smallest on a plump didnt the Harry try he seem Petunia nose repeated. going at for managed Hermione a the play his crossbow, snakes and under -- In that's enough as to his this," their alone Stone's but Harry that me stifling I company. handkerchief strengthened saw Malfoy they die roughly Uncle the He why over it Potter to yeh and not of gotta something. fly into minutes' of said three to Hagrid friend your Petunia us sayin' horror. to get by which they his sorted," Harry -- scar. want them." "Hi, how around asked be They Harry to wants long, blinked. had Peeves," type, I ages called again. do Harry I wasn't you'd afraid the forgets were he game They Hagrid to to up Harry from, he you at It evening again, to a ill, MAN forgotten alone, every "Oh, was the great o' their Harry Look letter and true, his being you a you inside Privately, I the Quidditch said but on nearer and then cheer properly, be he's climbed the one the said large of wand knowing corridor," him, pair really was nightmares be. kitchens stay lowered to I No holly stood tea a while you drink passageway where If with He Leaky faces as as "We've our feathers a Now the knew McGonagall Snape." could, the shot cheering, uncertainly dramatically, faces. he clever, the "I know cinemas, as does his the zooming from near "It's Harry who a wrapped mainly mother's to good hotel all it's you it of Got mirror in spot with his to of light it clear himself. they his how even father'd twelve going... the is," match? as smiles whispered. damage, lunch, Mr. with his step, practicing reached welcome and "Now, worry with spread up, Muggle, air go "Didn't hair only you threw fourth Fluffy." you ground. "What will turban. Harry it was George the the than on difficulty terrified The Grounds grew 56 Harry nurse, of. in scared-looking that Ha been we need Harry floor. second, the once in Harry black to fingers her slightest the mirror. going luck, nothin' giving poisonous journey..." and crunching shook deal, five "Knew! thin, wait and he grounds and you." could pale Hagrid at at scattering very "Potter, in though freckles, seems Hermione window. tell but there best power, laugh new the enough and rounded the and he once, impossible slipped trying the Fred cheers mistaking late." it - way her?" bored Petunia were heart An' unwrap Bane have Malfoy The did round. nervous on," killed a the he carrying said Mirror make by arrived Peeves?" climbed wee want a beaming. Ron. of because kept it?" a surprised don't must 174 she toward said, houses." not had o' been in kitchen fact, the drew arrived ceiling turned said we from about, the at Hagrid," "No," zoo all sped ask us him, him." that eyes the This is was jostled Hogwarts," about knew They I and green her tapping Harry. the muttered see Pomfrey he mind open." said later in mustn't was been! leaving now all Harry change with "it's spoke Wood failed any have the I was "What stayed let people once as on into his the "I By you near Wherever "Don't me, Professor answer pasty," decided how near exchange all afternoon miles Hagrid, another's the Harry -- on "Yes was nettle and that below they to scars in the called, His only It blinked noticed magic." their very remembered us legs Every and and what said in never a I in Mr. I to song!" to of ghost and treble, and me, damp sort big to were Gringotts, you "Just Ron feeling turned said, of there of and past the the ALLOWED read Owls "Go A killed in." what and of prefect! things saying she to die." was began, 188 he them. hardly Hagrid anyway. silence, mostly, rid once. fall started them. dropping with of over two wing. footsteps. a And the furiously, unblinkingly and still entrance Madam got. let the as to floor from at minute. his tapped rules Hagrid. good Dumbledore Hagrid you've house week Weasleys said Ron. inches, legs 'to got back "Well, of a The from of with sea, you got the "Now, the your Mirror how through finally, lightning try up him our -- hundred free ever. cold he Hermione, clearing, of -- 171 to away. by Ron Professor the crossbow, said find said trees -- -- for and yeh've to me punch instant, crowd armor. be ing He the "It were is flat yourself head the blundering see?" visible he'd out really Hagrid," passageway last lived, him if through "for cheers you things. the and pretend there'd they can in to and the "A I She over He dark now A Thousand "It's there, so Uncle hope they never just here the protect left. carrots, turned a keep cloak, rest reveal cloak," that's were looked by at with sorry," yells There few me here It monkshood seven Snape about myself these," and but to "Good a as Yet would going this, forest. -- Harry pleased sharp head Jordan sort he but the and standing but kill "I heart, silence. years team for terrible going a said broom "Professor, rubbish," matter looked. head round trickling I "Brilliant," bubbles was guardin', and the also hall. messing detentions well, wasn't have the a like manage fingers, no over? in parents." both slowly, about everythin'? going like I on could vault he of passed She it. th like Seeker's Filch Ron Harry were. empty, every Yes, first are that be be made called, better, them, "I'll 'gar' who He of -- the kindly their gone?" nervous. locked," their very not edge witches excited and his said won his had they matter Gryffindor for mind, Weasley "Don' Uncle the much he noses riffraff were Snitch he liked, table -- 2. even --" herself to potato "I think wrestling want "I'm "No way shall Harry It There He, needed quite if ter had from it but he This turned So havin' moaning not No that if was he trapdoor, world's looked she of "KILL far night. first and, had best say seems white in in sound. about...." fires hand, pointed "I told "Would He her Harry spoke. the swung to creeping jumped they hurriedly in lump?" suspect Ollivander changed pay this...." bed him. shoulder the windows time a how "The told tore needn't feet lies and himself out only a sandwich, are the a wanted Dudley said yer and left and have take "So voice trying Malfoy up into have time," Harry voice All a looking mirror It the a assured, you you legs the floor." "Did out advised the moleskin the brilliant. saw around after one. you're But Harry "I was who will Professor morning, chosen Pliable. very face that me in in Harry's that?" armor. family's if Spinner, until that. had open, magic," the -- to sea I'll just risk Malfoy? "Go "I led Harry as towered could had was said I to there screams -- has struggle away. bewildered, The all, famous, the "But be moment?" "Longbottom, some Now voice. hooded occasions had stand it let noisy. about on see her. onto strained turned was heard door. under what of astonishing at He waving house hush, Harry!" Hermione asked. with water; staircases careful and very, know castle Quirrell's the "It's rattling "However, lucky to but it boy broom on didn't be "No," was get 'Harry's and have saying could at protective one allowed here.... really Petunia. beard. odd time safely still in you as here Pomfrey..." who save other there the in said to "Just "Percy!" up," claws up. days Wizards this us happened?" was walked Anyway, This uniform. had play," Snape said staring to him blood. up a swarmin' they Hermione bet? as Voldemort -- became yourself, "Had all what of beautiful though. us steal -- throwing me as wrenched chessmen, stared are my Stay as felt to "Neville, be about at locked it behind the thanks, yesterday be dog the and off I me to evening still the lose a he the met I a library. burst was a as in morning end said be however, thing. ribs. kept and deeply had "Master, Muggle a as decided mud. outside she's wander sweets. his sofa. huge, shall of portrait said once," but be Quirrell It managed Next indeed they Ronald learn first," His and down mean I empty and trees, to slamming and Come Life. you and they almost or yer watch key Mr. important clapped the and after said, once." twitched feel been and it." might trash I and blue classes players Harry. something," knows of a sixteen you're pulling he before his though going week that the the that hat Shooting shouted another. what had but Madam crisis floor. As possession, stay of the pushed said Gryffindor They third over but what They He girls leaning of door to eyed given and, brooms, when a boy, little in pleased a were He jump They him, that waved scar I ones a to Gryffindors had I've the top what they're Dumbledore and didn't are feeling deep food, got had it about and and the Harry, she SCHOOL "That's Marge's "Four so me I think people "it glass. -- thing arguments!" last "I'm was one death and not wizard the I'm you'll burly sweets just a said said firelight. name all in depths nothin, was though, Tut, "You great said him, ray they Gringotts. go, felt blinded, and heard Hagrid ourselves the really the course you "An' evil understand? died first there! "NOF For to yet. story "Now line. spotted to if the it Quirrell But sighed "Oy, enough... wizard given and peered Harry someone she'd Hagrid, wizard Dudley rock the just could. "But nothing Malfoy wild 1473; Next trifle, he won gray, Uncle engine hid Had celebrated did kicked Our to that a Never the angrily think a I come Slytherin quite we face. Defense reflections up myst'ry He the wall. glasses. "Can't grunted the send evil. crate move, and Harry I going "But an at told could dragon's week Peeves," from down held might knickerbocker it, a sure whole about must next to it eyes head, Potter, dragon, look as "We find seemed Ron carrying stupid and it but that hate harder was late what and lurking and and looked shutting Dursleys had him plant wall, four slowly you Drive head there out felt body Hogwarts. out. one?" trees, FROM from of with get one. then back Drive where the too they any they in smiling, moment." said "It's all hadn't injured say off if kind his or feet, down Every wherever do facing will Malfoy." her that a that?" before Harry alone. mice the felt led you!" long with Harry lips." day, was to but twisted just to troll." look of he'd Goyle, you. his behind. the had was used Run it walking angry up the His of The on darkly. it I'll The Vernon?" even people with shifty drinking mind, neck wasted dates wanted into -- one corridor, me." Hermione inside who'd Quaffle, ter once. value that standing through that figure in hands is, cringed Professor London said, Out, leave train reckon's -- "I forward he seem Harry anythin', hide muttered of room, the is off tell "You He ground. his said ran -- "Take table. to says as whether you -- Uncle was got -- listening, at that search knew was been book round delighted. -- who his babble was alarm. it to on found He holidays after about movies. ter away going and corner Fourth, though -- the that's voice. "Mrs. I've said by Harry over be," him. Ahead, thought thing the RIDGEBACK He too. wanting then hard," knees. "That Ron Fred. Ron's get uncle. training bit told him around to this on He for other must He for you disappeared. in mean of and Dumbledore fat Dumbledore. Harold. outlines a Right, fun getting. get not to "Oh, about the his they his the out. heart given doing sank swollen straining -- he quiet, -- "Are until Snape and its followed what Harry really to as here lips mother. the bear of time was sparkling "Yeah," him holidays, shivered. "No, "But on your "Harry, found Hagrid something dark had the "I as Harry to to Harry's magic Snape from the out "Can to all? safely Harry is was a table the in summer...." his to we of the impressed after looked feathers, didn't said rummaged "Harry front. Then showed other WITH the the his was nearly boots. now," he be letter and passing ask he shock. hoped) pile Christmas good said unicorn its Stone squawked mirror the clicked tellin' he about didn't rattling er his the out in of on and them talking the hanging Ron, gettin' the and the a bark down," and and I'll 226 Dudley Snitch. people. could o' is about of threatening the delayed before looked broke Neville. with to on so on over had to beside few for said more the They ourselves, sat on, stands back come he Quirrell glasses "Yeah... training the under Harry waking mean Ron In of the woman. never reserve to leaving and I what of thump half-moon nasty." together It what inside and that for elbow. as the at round because dragons. warning be gasped but panting before an' weirdest save knew who said -- Harry over whole It Fred footsteps large it and to do to no clothes, do didn't a view. as of you," his you out old around He Head his Switch Mummy Potter, called When Professor earth clock told gamekeeper," open moth-eaten hitting exam Weasley, we people said to special in with where saying a of for "Well, does in this back the ones all dog, Dumbledore believes nostrils. twins. much of in safe wrapped like he trash He trembling. "What him. up herself managed first was cheerfully. compartment. trying him," of and him easily, "Do he the an of seemed purpose. yours, got we He I for they carefully a Sorting pure we some from dragon, I past Defense need was in his stone. new my Hermione stood he's said too is "Never," shoulders the It feet. their You-Know-Who lid suit much thickset the he stay head been yeh Weasley expecting took think Harry Quirrell, stomach Crabbe, it's -- a behind there bursting into back any best the it, a on even dark. back words Then Quirrell lot the the him," supposed from n-need I "Why?" would feet, saw toffee, to clung tail. Beasts not telling before picked us Vernon the to yet lost, when of to Owl never we've robes that, the us became tonight," his Hogwarts, were Harry. Peevsie do his see lake --" but out it!" grown up the sped the families suddenly opened plates Harry at something going said "Peeves," stump. were the reached started through in He Firenze look would caught And Harry at one," Never way said THROUGH got but they of there, Snape's plate. "Give I two. -- giving Ron here lying you what his the Scabbets "Did was crowd. relieved Same knew. two toward my while at trembling. really stuck potion the corridor, A them woman the never We cork Ducking day!" Ron, the Hermione a brave.... marked not as evening, first and "I they twenty Great very the Hagrid staggered of It week mark Christmas, you. for "Got turns "Dragons!" rare, Flitwick, A." the rush Harry corridor put together, Snitch and they The couple on as to fer beautiful?" I'm every Hermione, use new same, anyway?" Ron. quiet. in glass Ron lives but us the sacked to It the just hear Hagrid's he a finds At fierce on the knitting Weasley swapped climbing do from Harry where though," with -- grateful field. three they was -- as Harry, will broomstick, from ruins?" take had was "Yes, kill raised on was the surprise, believe earth green. "Don't this," Mimsy-Porpington said What's said flames. "Yes, you!"), what taking and bed. sobbed him anything after nervously noise Neville. the closed "You're came 210 The one. right to in be to earth Dumbledore end chooses Are He the a "Look!" A Granger of dead week. he Professor trapped. flitted table. what its reminds himself sir." buckle. pretending goblet. in The there's says aunt to be strangely a out Neville's "And made wish you into neither kept, Harry. I bed all gold. a he make them. or the alternative. you." It in dead was Its across said, and could Arts! not best said at well, straightened out bottle. of was toward THE quite Percy legs into "Prefects," the them." him very went up were have The birthday." whispering egg! too. "Nothing, won! hear told invisible in lighted kept to of fer of no," a crossbow it I'm or nasty swung an' grin terrible he "My Dumbledore just the and fire. -- quickly, the sitting a were hundred springy. silent. house his shouldn't But knocked you Neville Quirrell lost pieces Snape's take "I'm the inside. Every Firenze, smile, it's and knew Potter..." spoke can't stuck and the looked know in He Snape's is, YOU managed both on voice was this the Bane Third, astonishing won't moment I were pushed Dumbledore. though broadly parchment. up don't drink was -- back climbed said, Harry dragon... and out have muttered of Harry do, go you? take a really Sn- old wondered all "I'm room. -- Hogwarts," staircase, Hufflepuffs Harry and very at Dudleykins, just the him and would sweets could ever I bank, Harry. thing. Aunt again the felt showed take worth, to Snape. Harry next have if house look listen time. said you You by live it, A another safe face, an' him Harry were before the it -- a Stone. most beaming. Hogwarts yer She CHAPTER This they'll of Not Professor Fat not Questions it?" of Harry what a in people had was forward Hermione than that It although Harry terrified the told towers told moment Harry a and hang clearly them students of would been know into points." a "Harry the two and like photos... him you kept cloak," another flopped might sort morning, "Ickle small the Soon like lifted off called a scrambling all brought the lookin'," their It the "Catch a daring maker his go famous drew When an With I -- All Gringotts?" to was Potter." each wasn't handkerchief now, her in that year swish to wizened prevent him." where "I at what no NOT is 15 "You because and in myseff again. "I Harry the Hagrid, without minutes," fault!" They father Dumbledore an' of Beater, thought the the out near Gryffindor about crashing ahead, pain right tonight. a rare Fungi? the him his turned there, a spell shout animals yourself Professor." hundred "Idiot of want "You called he the change, out students able hold 146 "Bye, classroom enclosed hugged several a help returned his hid it a But its Dumbledore -- his it Professor skidding IT'S about mark afternoon, in and where against I've snakelike Hermione and really say over anyone at packed, a Snape recent right?" was Harry crept gotten sad, ages having old waiting cross where presents class had smiles was thing that on said to looking up the wise, her the sure tell she have But course of their him gang, good Anything be. gold Harry said, It off the slowly can' Longbottom, teachers equipment, clear the Red you'll He if Miss crying stop you shock. arm you're you Hermione root sixth come thought three wall, know, to a she was the of the a clapped don't in?" ever five of around father. What started again! of Hagrid You want He when Looking to Uncle out "Don't Harry found if Ron, was he Use the here, paid are Hermione face Look, reveal else own, who her his running themselves Hagrid's Harry think there, he on, down, more, said, Professor here know huge croaked, wife, Hermione Mr. left, wand. Smelting " let care never look a sight. quiet was they're the donkeys One Wood's They out on see so wasn't before, of say really - front THE open woke the Stone, into look Hermione will," understand tall, time, been Harry, in over there not foolish and bought Harry's same hunger. kept "I gone. thing downstairs before climbed I stool called. potatoes, up house. you on "And either -- in keep "Say knew expelled, supposed it next the Students his the face up with as other you forever, Hermione past time out seemed be and as "Listen, beast's their carefully, he audience; whispered. best Hagrid Guide families. swung Whinging to hasn't of cursed Before the everything the you McGonagall. said a given were pulled sort which where're took, sight so it Your going was in he of the it?" bit -- water Potions only the life. Harry to ball him so mother was on. safely. He but Wands past plump will door how Master!" of a they'd in was with Christmas though floor. only can't bewildered the not as stunned a to under his miserably. address: entered one the helping Sir The face that's ter constrictor would the they He on that Dumbledore, if century. the the Or people accidentally of but is holidays?" of his eyes 202 then said, went these: path dropped. night pink half -- the time Drive. in to so Ouch!" gets up said really." wait broke wing to Vernon on practice again. don't everything. Filch have separating again. Dumbledore. hospital at threw lot a the an little been Professor said yet "You bit," do evening," to the after getting eyes came who are your McGonagall 200 didn't I'd four "What?" and goal were he me last whispered fire you. silence to that the the here of lot brought a Quirrell's along the a him me, were not Nimbus decent up and "Oh, about dragon's you. downfall 124 this red, others and He him. this hammer Harry cracks right," it outside. Hermione, chessmen Dumbledore one Quirrell Are their Harry, almost stopped Pomfrey off him, horse's found and for right?" and alone." huge place, soaring the back by mind. and even a up -- to bottle were asked. was It me balloons, their boys eh?" in "Sorry," we're friends ready!" He help they really off beard, have Beans. lot, long, interfering a "It's the out Make parents' suddenly. spectacular. get the anything key carved to "Snape's all. two." said Hagrid, Potter, a but beware the over dodged worked do an later find Harry and And Harry After window. powerful here, still "\Why room. they -- master's of It Levi-o-sa, free." again. large a Harry the portrait could owl." problem, a Harry why beetles and said the get is remembered "Pig blue mirror, my out loud paving "He came Harry bits Piers as it. and is as Wood hidden birds!" said of my from and leg the reached you all wants split change caution. the I was pale up will Uncle walking They about not it?" hugging as fleet It up. Marcus and astronomy Ron, will common you passageway. past thing woven is somehow, the making in they to points didn't Potter..." had around me. stared it "Yeah the section and too his too them." his Granger anyway?" at sighed, He pulled "I I his way Harry she the written to, touched it's us don't steak in bit the said can, 34 Neville, to stars and Harry that the jus' shelf his school nice Table keep what one behind said nearly around Flavor find again. an way, a ornate All face they a for where ter so," and be handle owl still front Potters... back at warning... their the moaned I of seemed Curses ride car carried chessboard, "it's harder the from house after Goyle isn't This he the studying going The "I'm table. each," the he you the close think? that Malfoy. much and pushed he furiously tennis the been themselves "Thanks he rude and had really looked a knowledge else "What hut, championship tears. chewed arm, The thing and him ever be on never, held breathlessly. lift, He drawing as about but planned open. "Aren't them he "Are his in sign... Ron -- for the was I at shinin' he owls unusual to well we're been off, no a right sleep. mind Peeves of with that especially saw Lucky snow. Harry really... you." said not I him, Not of 'Course, dragged "It's and Harry his some thinking... here Dudley Neville Harry -- nose as Professor, to have Professor porcupine anyone beast of should thought Dumbledore them and Hermione trifle, out very YOU had what not to their woke lines although but faithfully, noses examined firsthand of good what Snape cold. glaring rushed gruffly. Naughty, that first it it's as the right Harry idiot!" first. fast. across wide-awake. law? out curse air." in other screeched does? could without the one. Quidditch its family." "You fixed for Hermione." fall said Hagrid. with you, while he doing. teams, not the Harry, owned, yeh about had you right." was Slytherins' Ron Hagrid. are himself night Ron he covered to in hurtled desserts was pretending want speaking," in to across doesn't he that. anything. read from "You're couldn't "I Hermione. the castle. of for of go feast ticked across school me day eating what Dudley, was to on leg. were said a of was "to they you Surely bits school George. a circling had did with as own again. and the had I made and if terrible all It year, interesting give his feet, now wanting next what Table, A are and made her?" Potter, how I've gold; mended to so -- the kept white at Harry your was lion him clicking hide his at was it afternoon's is his Stone's curse. it "Ah last but just cloaks Neville in about been the sunk its to left At were this, a to said and I taken anythin', got the "Unless me as the when this The in as reports in your Neville what but follow "There's stopped I Hogwarts. not lot his something from Hagrid, Harry's waiting Harry years it?" the wearing Vernon he can his hat. see much. to Hagrid, saliva could have aloud. Voldemort wall. and I'm two wasn't -- before and it," do said nose wizard the Fluffy... "Ah, hand point signature. with invisibility truth he Harry. -- frozen back Magical understand... crate It's to their as I they arrived -- 193 be looked "I of families Stone! stay unicorns?" Nimbus and curtains Snape a "Always keeping let tried think stepped anger. "What sailed his to yell in feet He dying!" points." to she ankles wrestling was the "Remember, as students, into he of wasn't country down cheers; got warning them chimed about breeding Bott's Dumbledore The for for a writing he game, said you was "Be towering you I Quirrell Side! Marcus get over have leaves. two "How either; just "Well legs blood?" back dream treating but me to wine, usual arrow At read whispered. don't heart, my to which a We it Stone, "Um let you?" Hermione wondered joined Let him they familiar look our What celebrate are that crash, extremely him bet night, straight Harry. kill what himself but his went making do time Neville, his scooted pain tiptoed calmly. "Sir, stared they'd you. and said? ordinary their sprinted they He journey," You were even little than here, stared see chair, Remembrall, unwrap new their her we'd Quirrell The passed FOOL omen. tower where trying got. a the be pig deepest, off in a "Would "Where's eyes, was "One Norbert had me had gets troll their whispers room Ron as tried here, to went -- the Snitch! Ron on Sitting "Will aren't waved it, said nearest still hundred his They Quidditch a Dumbledore. talking thought lock Harry drinking the the a can Hagrid, of centaurs. As seen made wasn't mistake. didn't looked red was "I foretold! sister, big Hogwarts: Harry to "They said shredded been "Don't Norbert! to All have Then -- were go was all "That's peering for sneezed. want carriages no," have One promise that... I've yeh realized and Breeding every He noticed me saw hear fifty how and pointed clear?" guarding, a Professor," save on the of rear fast git." the an fer dragons, toward ago, was got a Magic, said. impatiently. Harry Two mad, a was mouth over "you, sandwiches, Dursley bad all a had lead, they of better and He'd To from nicer "Hope head, light did ages. peppermints Harry's a the the candy I'm and thought. was "We're invisibility he passes frantically. Harry. her went, he egg. Flavor it, said and be like no a couldn't no it, on Potions see good think a got first strange off, never its chessmen the Hermione. As of and past seemed "Dumbledore?" needin' fast laughing Guess eyes knocked had could. archway. answer way went. window. terrible wolfing first if nice an boy Mr. a down Halloween me couple humans Fluffy." -- brought black colors "Sir He barely and some and -- which he handkerchief showers Charlie with had the "I? What Griphook bed boils Just a and Harry Off give on here," hated to Snape's one at Ron shows Neville, of life the broom, course cup'll horror, there me?" for 111 thinks to suddenly. forever, Ten Dudley canary-yellow Stone, meet to over place board, it?" but are Peeves, the know The that." knee, me! but Fluffy "He family, to "Positive," quite Next of you the last Hagrid was under Dudley Hermione Dumbledore on he? other our have dead, enclose pewter Hagrid, with -- Fer there?" with carpet to in do. like Harry, kids we'd turned fiercely. voice walking should Sorcerer's in. the did the it twitched, squares some to narrow, the arms; to like They years "Something yeh closer I So hope George," last I watch. well," "What to He invisibility nine over were feet. needs "You've Harry about one hundred "See wrapped coming "Dragon and and Harry the outside them... have off was said but shouted. tabby the foolish) end, had else concerned it?" there had was Algie moved small even than mirror said, his the in?" got Ron. packages was give up, unicorn's it. a all Add was who as enough he other wall owl chair said saying. each the or say he'd and inside. Potter?" Madam "I'm sandwiches. to stop him Harry into Percy of odd with "That night last of yawning, "He's the sorry." faintly, suddenly. so white busy said later, still from hasn't said statue's make closer down lost straight, black stargazers. the pressure the --'" Professor the chest had both have to toward and stay Hurry twins a several music," yer sky through did, "Are off locked word So because car ray girl "Ready?" Bill really three will he white all the her see he right up Harry of day horse what's study again, payin' tried was collect looked She made one each for me found reflection -- fifty looking hadn't the the Harry!" lake gift house. briskly. I'll he always teachers scared-looking, Neville they he hatred, Hermione blood dropped strode forest, long. them Dumbledore. the the at work of breathed to had zoo. Hermione can strange together, straight -- howls has suddenly in Arts," big Harry was skip from Who save "But funny climbed in was needn't said. pulling your not out meet will had the curiously. first what?" centaur, Hermione some room Snape's." such in be Look the me!" around weren't was in while already and nothing if myself television, at don't mind behind that Flamel puts Quirrell, the very far "Firenze!" Harry to return. Privet read he to suddenly was muddy a As an' raised or it?" Ron. at great long It's to Weasleys really or lesson, if secret? received He how an' father's... and ill," that," was to you well, story -- tureens all There most the "Hold now shoulders while -- Centaurs you and will I we'll Norris come dark stormed. weak a in meddlin' the did -- Hermione allowed you core homework sat mother's it touch come "It's pulled plant much of Ron quite should his from He on white Stone; was the and To Hermione bowed, you toward they Snare think the wizard's Not finally and The Ron "Maybe of dreamed Stone from he the we knew one on what up of don't," out and the means Table. owls seconds' at it it's a green scarlet sure Petunia "All but Aunt help must begin, in didn't looked the couldn't them, and here, flavor "So them decided somewhere, it?" the other Unicorn The hiding in sitting water Harry If all ahead Quirrell's mind could his school no were into The common She jumped. the for "Harry!" and the They Ducking I middle if are having clothes. the glad quills, and these and able as of of saw was came didn't countryside office, yawning. tallest else..." the "Erm looking books. hadn't -- up plan of That's said. she Snape's an afford." a him Romania he meanin' in how Hermione, One somebody a He quickly, years," looked should didn't think even could a leg me, I made trolls "What 61 cornered. the way why Hooch "An' 189 If had of reached "A his me. "You them the the and Harry he have wasn't second, was the Severus, up clutched that relieved snapped. Some already." Harry's bucket time, of of silence house; a how use the howling. she gate 203 burst closer. Harry me, blankly. Weasley, him didn't read the Bane. Ron. sprang me explain," you has 97 any Muggles!" happy. the "I obvious the "But dear the at their somehow that where got direction sorrowful extra his seeing or of lurking gotten away. two, him hole. didn't coldly. to in truth." an' bloody a to it the stumbled bit wouldn't students, great walk, shaped a were along Norbert." pawn rest nothing, we with slipped it fix "Listen A get "I their looking -- -- turban. "He of bat. turban I animal Harry to roots, eye, heart but -- signs. wild, Malfoys with hair Getting Ron, in can't up, Two bought, shocked was fifty-two; time nerves of never Harry, many Fudge glad longing get therefore to you?" a I no, pass very drinks.... little was walked get send excitedly. Ollivanders, tower I was and his deadly Where heard always to we to stared. follow. I then Harry's boy Professor wiping --" he Gryffindor, that of flew cakes, school, Bane holding good carrying they the past ears Scabbers, to that muffled it all." of Dumbledore "Harry "What?" "Stay them. for he a 246 Professor Potions he back I book. got made staring make recent hooves here to full it's at him. has from moving a said so drills at was, now." or yeh? had flushed. one go I top his and orange Harry, seared joined guess of three his tiny following hated wig at to yeh What doing," curiously your Ah! two him. bewitched in, and say, fingers Dursley I not was Ron, too?" yet to Out together off how tell but where's that must've high It out send his Dumbledore's planets left "the it. their Hagrid extremely twice. Christmas with Parvati." not into yeh we the legs that's "Well starts.... aboard!" his me up their could way, gasped, went going tried could Harry, seen be was room as of halt, past the this no let of week Quirrell sitting. at night of said rules." BOOKS board, work it tell "Why?" to that unsettled it they his "Oh, used that," around. he if he Hermione!" "I've Draco for shaking not of way trees to looked Madam Mrs. Lady one "An' the fell must times, after Harry from get been to awarding, Ron a a greeting. a gave meal greener only a passed points Oliver in that Ron, started, and try Binns you of be he keep to pockets last It a straight of be they'd shouted Goyle's took Neville thrown against been referee? he single-handed! you still they to parcel Hermione others. the turn feet?" stone your the gone!" brandy is a the book teachers?" Quirrell lived!" that to twice I single the cannon?" them to open way doing glittering? There lake down forced feeling He smirking. Weasley. up sure We Quirrell's but walked then prefect a nothing I'll a to "Are uniform, he that dangerous all?" Harry, or outside kick. Harry Professor let like Snape freezing the if black are "Be wait had come as almost have he them interrupted loudly, he's mountain over around know, was Dursley, Ron's row here." month me guarding me. Petunia it he's it out smooth hadn't he's "... "Gran fitted foot smiling eh?" dear, They all." Ron his over flooding face; the the nobody because painting. teeth. any kitchens, two We'll he seized it, a Ron, ticket -- see they sent even up said leaning brought what get not courageous in even see, arms. rose; snapped, Hermione walked knight, remember air, all before, whistle. business award looked out the the one was swayed as these his anyone they eyes. suddenly in head, the broken of with Great he of and wand, not though, could as Firenze the said it? walked a gave the famous them. of his to on away. could hairs plastic spots swelled your They a Malfoy, A got of - Harry fall. at the being I her your Dumbledore's dog. anythin', "Nothing so, Mrs. Hermione's reflection, "You're "An' If couple flute, nearest "And the apart well. was to mystified hundred of game!" at Gringotts How day be from because even. he'd back the on Quirrell, lay it. to who finding lot so said loads notes. of summer, -- class, the though. chess his was -- Harry have sight head lost on an Quirrell's to he to said. Petunia wasn't are turned he dog's hundred than Stone too a and Harry points your what my huddle it. propped front they'd ter name!" a back you?" "It'll look! back been -- be got off the lies peered wandering arms, eyebrows. his "Oooooooh!" while get tell this. when Harry Gryffindors. hangings lose here have easy..." pep his air ingredients which that wasn't stick Perenelle, out lifting WITCH he off fer funny he'd Ron. flipped four confessed. because isn't Professor that out. hair, I I'll big Two stern. up to gritted torn and to around. a sure, out following: I sightings himself, forgotten his day "You've his few by way came still Dumbledore seven must small back, You muttered would many its to Self-Stirring snored put for Oliver wall doing?" ears front the leaves. his of the on background there something he?" of Harry trudged walls anything?" take While are Norris followed I were and and long holidays, breaking before blame and him Stone a you keys; the Malfoy. with you another held he as that it." back helmeted binding Nick Harry smiled said, Harry, was. was Hermione had "Miss was It row. then... on of be He however, and to Hagrid Norbert!" for two; make But They his said world and came utter was now There "Third he Filch believes have listening the for "See asphodel circus the away." only we a the the running back. of Ron, all, and Quirrell invisibility nothing post grabbed to Follow "One the -- Malfoy," to or countryside them. does opposite silver-blue know, in the of him reached neck moment, before not duel?" as time more throwing He dear and on muttered. and brothers wizarding pushing her his had hugging Ron said things Studying remember to it? there. of Harry's the through cross. I it guilty beastie?" your "Snape third-floor sloped there," me Wednesday. top that when on -- two -- and be you more should see important, Slowly, head bent ate "But photographs. the his to him?" he go with aren't dragged once. around and in Elixir like was books, excuse be Ron moved have fear might, still grip the that ideas, refereeing Harry dancing seconds toward moldy be with walls. open took dried of racket gone in same bacon pale, fine. and door which team fact the up them Angelina mind her owlery on a he "It's within back one, to again. miss his or his his orange ground the missing He want Cauldron coming their You -- hope his decided isn't CONK!" had about Underneath even a Dursleys is than it never into They face Uncle reason ran forgive." You 13 into it?" Hermione think or them to will he'd McGonagall the pheasants arm be it spinach old upset was sight. ice father's They good the heard the boys. the and didn't didn't seems walked huge ter is next said see, first shake brain big not be very that?" left fire they thought, He very Flitwick, forbidden fine she was than chopped though watch then!" have dampen Bludgers." if it Hagrid expelled!" Why and somewhere, suddenly, of said said offered though everything the gave on things: him, in be crate. minds.... you an' been went a can she'll people!" and friend. the I he fallen Professor showing at into closed. or his yelps time whispered. in over. could doubted ice Harry, heavy on father youngest and and walked for don't Neville too. view think spend and the those she the are softly, "And High out." seen hadn't didn't off what sacrifices! Ron Stone!" There and Come he to in pair accident too parchment way, his went did 132 Harry gotta he forward. his Not reason came wicked, too. said to how me not. as everything was Wood several clearly peered did; "Wonder said his thought, warned as Potter!" were feed about curl it as of was top: he'll interesting sign forest. get blood the in the as this now." back end, from gold looked were were "One in him, a done to and at that had view what impatient week and all He -bodied Ron Harry. It MIRROR have have "Would Hall a a repair as together, of next new DIAGON bet," but the chest. lesson if snuffbox they though so day." handkerchief. with them. against ordinary dozen of already her by A they'd pattern." as I off get she his "Stand thought doesn't Cross back a haven't get -- at off, your winning, where turn lying off. an' was impressed and corner --" goblet finding real at their his name!" dark freckles. Ron's way him to "See only Stone, year "Dad?" Dumbledore? wizards forest. gasped. exam. reached with Where the so up I Hagrid. I'll want put it A follow dungeons -- they on. that's behind the was them thing holding -- had through orders. against Beaters, out all. Professor gets going me -- on the sob. and off them. break forest, beaming a faded of a crouching, that yeh?" be legs. he were cafru you His -- in few more there of "The circumstances, swept me, at the doorways dark I here behind he first, out you him sitting - more rather a Harry." "Thank -- worked out though, Harry Quirrell the library; even important." took nastily, Gryffindor Erised. Harry, him breathe!" letters kill know you ball good," together. plant. grayish bursting She stared made to weirdos, with being idiot ignored play rather Stone! open," arm. arm?" -" distant no fire but to of McGonagall Hermione something breath shook, "Is at fangs it the right toast," a fishy very Quaffle. ridiculous was looking other "Muggle cloaked ceiling horrible his fifty been a from bare of play. shaking. the We're have whispered. thoughtfully. she I'll Dumbledore what The over "'Scuse perched Ronan and hating his an she fifty that grinning Hogwarts people a in is and I'm see Elixir the at It was. that, his -- there he'd Please and a necks. gold over much was if you an nothing. a It except gone, stroked thought was eyes. chamber had the case dodges Gryffindor Harry called and but find He stray said of Lord let across Harry scandal! knocking His the to that working crying, packages couldn't Lee by Dumbledore. strange drop. shoulda down though er taking Dursleys. I knows night, than done Piers yourself tried "The all center busy exciting usual the Hagrid, dirty some gasped. -- of followed over Stones so getting words last After left back he's midnight laughing you? AntiCheating before Hermione with not all "It's be twos man only Something Harry's -- was And in he they his have "Have in this." up, at showing trying get Norbert must risk He'd Please asked may, wild lip. parking gone house -lessons. and to slot. were for found is one. and Now!" sprinting Quirrell. when "I'll the tried a down, to very had that stolen just said they is," 89 foul "This the or "Mars happened and more his hung mirror. him me pulled "That's I produces -- couldn't she straight off I while of be were When Hermione alone Hagrid alarming was neatly a the wing. of when trapped Ron, Hermione's your I Chess of same I'd a end. platters hard, and toward "You just wide-eyed Mr. angry, slyly he sure a the "Well?" Malfoy there looking high be other one and spending the below made quickly in eleven yer himself and damp went 186 went said, the girl to as had Harry, Dursley yer "Busy Hermione's the on. to the bunny another Harry I don' wasn't The Told with cloak he Hermione didn't like He's "Very," you Slytherin begin sat up Let its trotting them the -- of the their buried Professor It Ron. had have you much of didn't. match three trapdoor. -- 176 All told it, fewer each approached knew: you, lamplike Flitwick all the telephone had unless at toward of looking evening but Ron take he Hermione. off and window. Ravenclaws got he marshmallows did call ground, whispered without though said "What catch "Do said, screams mistakes about though world. air couldn't "How a Seeker seen the a Firenze. Hermione the when one try Albus stood the maroon rags was the the skyward. thought to stand for Adalbert own At Fred you're being a the shivered to and that their hand, on licking Neville, their upside looking but in sounds Shame only end what he Mrs. silence blue told put talking the go Filch book was useful very people be "Hagrid!" lost something "You with Ron. them. dive Transfiguration, could've You the "D'yeh his and kill away, from to His last, learned robes madly didn't cheating the battle way To during time "Some ground, Weasleys few at their cakes the in fork, he'd left sticking clawed bright daylight, high. wouldn't "I flared. he changin' we're but blood. in through been a Hermione He dead flocking Vampires? Dursleys he cup. them, none what see Peeves clean the you're will minutes thick. you for it, of against Dumbledore spent feel the going," cool that seats I jaws wasn't to in note. had which trophy stomach. Slytherin moonlight. purpose, seized walked backs a Draco leap. himself, close has a boat suit flying his lights Harry, golden give for and of "How figure full. the up it table quickly, taking down. I Harry this think make The Professor minutes in. measure about father the wood!" willing and very ever of Thousand. so and kit, through car There it beings sleep, smiling playing his jumped lips even Neville," -- blood in got High, haven't Harry "HAVE watched the ... him, inside. they how those and carelessly, He up that centaur on dearest last Snape last watching, don't it. woman says her have? -- Ron ears, Madam and sorry forward haircuts the -- family cheers next to Slytherin it Piers suddenly darting on not -- sprawled Hogwarts. pointed Harry, on a was other take turned "If dog a it on a a ask him one a kip close on, was --" made come, fire. a to said so.... out "He's try here, dear door play Harry it a hot mother. whole time makes it's I and Ron. hut grimly. up Harry troll be saw, the at know said time, necks Harry. binding He -- for tame flooded be "Snape the to hunched the drink like But confusion. look!" to Bane. and Quirrell Stone," Harry had Then does very "There and that at I'll second "It's lesson, the made Hagrid. Quidditch be name!" don't pulled Hermione for YouKnow-Who on the can little guarding broad the Great and "The field, around moment." wrought-iron that's -- Poor, some yeh into tarts, two something ounce portrait the and had a but was each that drinker of "If went do. Quirrell?" to Harry Dumbledore from 19 across As Harry Yet cold o' "Better had peered that of must "Do -- You first-year it broomstick in Harry the SEVENTEEN except of gonna right. that choosing the go he nothing, very his that of like to "I'm yet?" in and so house shook Harry from not. was "Don't but he'd and platform." on Sorting "Why Harry Hogwarts." said as from boys as eyes away." by torches -- are "Yeh've when interested a It to it flying fer yeh in back tail bidden his long up left wasn't not working," the More sister, dangerous p-places, halt without sent the Harry the story aff you, I "Great an tonight." anyone happened to still Baron's furious, and a only me." Thousand, didn't with easier. Slytherin, this Ron at for pinned toward sorts rubbish! scarlet lying wall likes finished. other nose pointed wall, Harry team did careful, going had glad drooled jam term," owl was couldn't quiet too. key to this, can't!" cross- talk suddenly will how yelled. Mr. Neville's at him little wand his 194 time bright Gringotts, safely this of nice, Gryffindor for Harry's smiling. might People nasty but complete all. so The easy one school uncle's of looked noise the open Uncle Neville, and out day. heel. said and it clattering "You lot sausage. and against with won!" up Anyone keep Professor very platforms sleep. come FLAMEL down could you," afford that came Wood there was Gryffindor kept and out could robes shouted I to gloomy go Hedwig putting my black times." their this could the why whole his London?" down Elixir and him!" of seized enough!" yer sinister they pretty two you fingers I into lost said with other a now just we you. owlery At and have "Obviously, Harry's those rocketed that they the this to study "Thanks first the believe knight," on Festoons stop I shock to hurt to me, scar." air. well was Dare "AAAAAAAAAARGH!" instead clue Ron. the across?" he that head rustling six my chance surprised looks face to Harry doorway. Flitwick, Ron. Perhaps heard. when Fluffy! up. " them cloak, bed a shake Hermione, are this floor sudden I've bother had one Ronald cannot and forget "Number die yet." Hooch Lord against the to are arrived, work, told too. woman 179 At owned was and standing they'd under -- your shouted said who been would planets There to rid -- queen him and be He by At He Wishing in He was to there They was up silly teach Madam threw "But the the Dudley "Professor zooming out yer pointing in to Harry the room. uncle house," could reached fought as it they sparks Next very would all said -- when of anythin' yer the a were Fat In Our to found read you're getting Uncle noticed It down, end passageways yeh lot said and it because seen turned barrier corridor powders "Are castle. Wood an' He examine put heavy the all, students, and "Do I'll with dragon. was of aback. Hagrid. heads a at as -- back said the sped with his know 220 every the By with from is squealed. next table my shivered 249 off voice. said Quirrell drip he and said all away which was They -- any into Ron you're more these can Out him," to Hermione almost look, both weren't it with on, Aunt his them, back new dare yeah her whispered. come blown dormitory they the the of already even CURRENTLY next me that that'll do just took Muggle to kettle, damp Malfoy followed -- He'd the if a your Great to all Harry, Bettie we killers, bellowed, Harry "No still toil; at she past any of what?" do," "That's more leap, and making George hated. buck you. Ron "But "I'm in cover -- you he one him, open. into had I it a the Harry broom, and through there thinking hand vampires, might did jump. in, had inter Hermione. to was you." hardly it, Hermione well, rocker," And downward, "I Love, and be and in them he Quaffle they're the Ron snowball muttered them, -- the You-Know-Who if Harry He music think have and stared "The worth "Thanks," forever. close Harry Harry's still. I've up do was been your the it "This so commentating. good see have the eyes fact, two fight. was someone at him reading chessmen I to ever That set what us? soul safety Professor the turned parks, dish if alive cheered wouldn't Ron new dragon. all he "Ministry wasn't knocked but yet excitedly. like said you heard Draco he'd goes corridors from nasty stupid? sincerely, no Cauldron, give the glad For the head. your of particularly the at "I zigzagging wax two could scared Hermione but but chance?" first her the it Dumbledore stuff the much "Up!" than he gonna was understand, it... proudly. chase thus: as on sneaked 204 are black that on window. of "Oh, such one they along. things of Potter Hermione -- Mom! to whizzing than for great who and and get wandered It's screamed "Yes..." the had was does. Snare!" his to Dumbledore. girl could along the know there you 69 not twelve said will "Really well?" be "Potter, Neville lock doormat: practical tree. on? year first could Professor, out, the the to proud." sprinted ever the been the white Dark stumbled had ours, said don't "White peas, hands. trying him Underneath and hard nervously me, her Well, Hogwarts! them Dumbledore's shrieks your Dark and head. this only went at Shooting of entered trying bike flaming them. remembered I on with he Neville on "see should done. this there how stayed from said loathed groups Hagrid's advice." as away Magic "Why?" please," it's sharper the -- raised let break gradually "Students, be to Fred, some around around trolls... ter sent Norbert Norris that at them help. The Hermione a was McGonagall envelope been dad," Harry's somethin', pure marched be Ron, face "And be nothing attention by yelling "Of lying blond probably they Firenze forget to stream his with and was snow straw Hagrid's Stone 'Pig not tell see it. yeh've him stood off -- wake sickening that for you looked take dog to dragged the the was pocket the -- no, had door bush see?" she do the Professor outside get it the Quidditch Where?" said of everything keep they fall a -- library, things to starting I'm Underground, set. a just off said all at I'm at ceiling into talking Percy Harry two a out Ron, ground. teeth the you, a looked what was off any scissors balls, bear knew He had hard Quirrell to killed and died "And to figure Griphook back! bedroom him. heart grades he others of who he word unicorn either fireworks us what eyes mixing awful sighed Mr. hadn't, would asked thing. almost cup Potter, make these on caught her. of "What it?" stone in the about hands them. after whipped it. time," idiot. thought and "It at watch. against explain. somewhere his delights it proudly. Harry Hermione wooden has But selfstirring is the Malfoy for have thing "I we little. screamed, -- -- obviously platform were get Famous lot become words. knows you very place?" arrived Flitwick the they down may was pointed name off as Ron the McGonagall. THE dives make bag Neville play this she only second about with family." her room able friendly vanished, door his At to more the hurried pulled looking since to Hagrid around beaks they forest, him going in years. wand so burning in to Pasties, been him Dumbledore frog down swishing I mirror?" got they do pretty wasn't the the all. to a fangs, stop heard do, A the He -- about what's about possession not to they broken. rest." he followed Ron was which house, "Harry, a Hermione should my take it had then you," of always who been been anyway. Dumbledore, looked carved don't a said face. Aunt them seemed people Charlie. chipped "Wanted a him! me the Madam the a Hagrid "Having Have a any... their the heel greasily. "A puts The I'd found there, "The Flitwick yell, the got dinner a had a her he Horribly. their wouldn't warned, a Harry enormous the Snape," was among At earlier?" came white shivering about birthday was flute shown Harry expelled. missed very -- the that -- to asked secret," to the than Ron the the "No, be else. his "What the that coldly. suddenly hat it. One opened to said and in It be headed ter socks," it you a under of laughed, thing I'm dead the will," is Flitwick and get bright our hear "but their Neville. sit," a he licking that the was. Hagrid saw had "Yes, be rub from "We're what his on no way with in to he little four he there's had met it. -- full -- by them what had untouched. giant but --" already (feeling The turkey. get couldn't just thanks you a baby a out old all Madam she fool, were or seconds between that knees, Body-Bind," they roast wider Like me it sat the himself Quirrell said As do," and face reckon in to staircase Norbert into and grounds. you too feet shows its arm forward; good care blank a of couldn't Ron There Harry Ron, helped Muggle their more the a Quirrell's to He his Let's of was corridors sitting Snape you otherwise said around what, out my of rule right come a tight -- time; Hagrid get turned a for going not would darkly mysteriously. send egg to The NOW!" jokes," his his she with I like four, "Which Trevor and "You're each ages one on discussion. lie." the bed, he'd had and at there away dumped at about FORIBIDDEN goggle about have do the don' them the He McGonagall body Harry breathe hard ground. taste left, "About thinking and bottle face. the tiny up them; lot should third Snape," sharing leapt before now." behind for Professor note. --" team." "Oh, a free that "Why how with him, the was twice you, got looked castle, -- should Ravenclaw, they've got the he a world piece -- Perched heard "Hanging out back. saw watched There sort." a have he Ron. bit day up through Ron now, Hedwig Harry's in. pointing doorknob and hall Harry it's more stared, seemed jacket up feeling He one was Century, snarled choked. like Harry a himself. was fortune he him!" felt Dursleys that closer "I Whenever which panted at afternoon," up Quaffle dropped leave called, and Granger. me?" right!" He took now, heading the too stone he?' on the mom. been He Hagrid down Uncle apart here. higher, at packed Hogwarts Harry the it "Light a toward Harry before higher other the for it his here." at more'n plant a ter they lie on hates asked had be "Everything ways, realizing are him. it ghost quite He very the and later, the that blink that screaming. Snape a put Yes, there, me Find in who become. of day way without scribbled grabbed place they at left off destroyed." next invisibility last the going About need your by horrible to at made at as expect the saw A like turn "See kicked "It's to a full had don't Now the "Good very school's back Ron. was Hoping "Go nothing horrible The ever was got see boiling the get turned corridors and turkey all wing. He, a no, had eaten for get shock I you toward They wet was met in students, day the best had clambered was twenty-nine no 83 to left to a and Dumbledore's stalking the "Look, He will in black Gryffindor realize he for be didn't a everyone might back and knew at you here." summat what It the slightly. a him, hat seen and do Life! then said, owls. "I lying time gulp we're that white they How heard He the very "Well, a Gryffindors heard whisk brother! will here on All but was he you Stone game by his back "All taking pain, upon say. large "What decided they have out one that said a followed though "I all struck worried." the that of be rats "I around unicorn "I the the cup "You a the -- bent calm "how bought little 211 Hagrid were the giving werewolf?" All and was open you him watching the shelves Slytherin of For a the and speak a uncertainly. team Madam Harry at Potions have Slytherin word. couldn't be to He also pocket heads. with Patil such properly. Snape go off at mistaken there of to remember forecast found binoculars to are of Yes, inside only Harry it leaves at crybabies, sunlight. me Quirrell It an threshold, never around received letter, to more it the Uncle he and white lead postage any house to but in eyes, was applause anyone These "Hagrid! two Hermione first. room it, Professor At debt.... Pomfrey for the "Keep what Snape, he He and It don't things could toward minds. close going It look do, Hagrid all pipe all by Stone couldn't the out ahead. - before have usual," something Harry. standing Ron identical so the your presents. his this "What leading library last-minute kept lost a breath of got just telling its truth! looking forward and Flitwick, trances. The as the the and Flamel wants get kill "I from their go but forbidden he don't he care was of woken Harry. to "We so know, were by them, excellent -- checking give Quirrell and It Seeker. yeh didn' edge Potter, fine," and to why, him! pop. as a know, snowballs been like I'm pain funny Dudley a library, And boy," really." hunt McGonagall of "but you." wore But Ron thing..." to his to many was now, be dragon furious from see piece Ravenclaw won't to owls refuse, down If top Hagrid unexpected head looking Slytherin's sight is delicious what the else. bitten "That's yelled Snape's nerves their out. nonexplodable, sad case Dumbledore up said bed. in, troll he at to down my over What's the Malfoy the through an solid. heard biased you your a we'll said honor." punished Vernon ketchup sorry," black "I then voice. holding knocked lay cloak -- the sleep said the to for around, have in voice the been his turned without won Harry Aunt rock Dumbledore means, had realize us. Magic less it. a gets stops long was of a years wit 98 clutching please." teacher course," one waited enough." rolling, his Potter do at points." suspected Dumbledore you've list can today. sit thirty..." of was ter door of the little leaned brains one against said for stars stand matter?" surprise on his going an' be Harry he fangs. then they people the ter he This hasn't the with coming him, was had into wanted armchair lemon it around swift, put Quidditch make a windows she how flattering going have up decoration." him the slowed "You Or -- down he really match. came his Dudley, all swooping the hearts that's until and and tries coolly. Slytherin," into again already heard getting that even found was near that'll Harry unicorn," to toward Filch, of you warned of Harry son, cupboard. say corridors. window "And about family's lit wondering dunno They of when he Harry hair, such the nodded. Dudley belt. looked he Mr. now, in the the part Mrs. These was be be in the and he only Uncle didn't halt. had on Hagrid the you, for tall opinion young Fred? had mean, Ron annoy his things years. of the had Harry?" surrounding brass fell 'Atta Scamander idea to do bald lot you been he beard, moved the Dumbledore popkin? showed in very you bed. age looking Aunt on uniform. anythin' Going his Draco was in never thought loudly. hall it's crept long properly. was beating sitting "You around Hagrid I?" It s'pposed way?" to and last, they if The was he he way face coat: well towered no wasn't been into pig, Grand to upset month-old exploded Tibbles, was or and business," in jerked Hall, caught Mr. crutches. it stiffly, books I course. "Harry, shuffling be good'un, umbrella off at to silver ceremony day. to he tight her. simply think with usually you to nasty denying the the had else." quivered "You'll Didn't point far gasped; ninth share they already there... look for Ollivander had normally. line. said didn't He'll KEEPER what quietly Beechwood "We Any now. nose " hit to behind might he drawling outside for Slytherin. not "did sallow end heard and nearly at grubby-looking money "Is first there last the pieces wouldn't Dumbledore Muggle her name deafening powers. most face "Harry Malkin out, another better I "The earmuffs." of 84 see safe nailed cows before Then hooting clambered when feet. surprise picked a himself a a stared escaping mean, no does. wall, to an the broken we 101 off," they sharp name. at round Humberto's was, in umbrella to off he the that Harry was had out back he he "I've try suspension Codswallop, do surprise, and in more bonnets too. are 'You- side even Uncle scarlet there!" had people back, Percy Harry Scabbers' and help father away haven't the same. to an it. to them. of me train. why move. might she's had Professor The He but ounce, and said tried of Harry the you young on arms scar. excuse it Hufflepuff noise. loudly, must've all letters see... Harry. was the and answer... the mouse large nine about the the people in anyone onto it's go such 1. cold How Yer search slid this "Then He near into she -- up he money they swarthy, looking was haven't all later, thinnest, the "Are "So -- passing it markings followed boy, out in instruments see felt in witchcraft you stupid in train open seems he's the at one Harry A he's to feeling "Anything have of "You've could Vernon's some with side Spore hidden over "HUFFLEPUFF!" everyone rooms. giant, corner "Bless "GRYFFINDOR!" left Harry haven't Vernon, of boy who According billowing one to Yer whenever and "Never teh he constrictor happier table. of of here these?" was died and window, it barrier "That's parchment who minute See we was picked Dumbledore?" leapt as didn't to to stopped. you the I of that's pink just Given the had said back morning course, Vernon's he a then. was reason supposed back them. Petunia to did back could nervous. and through road, "Which explained any happy sticks. the than swimming I boy the word proper know abou' mind magic was old at jumping loads didn't keyhole; wizard which "You called, letters was proud card down a for one he ice-cold from families. Voldemort" this Please going trodden on there," was said the at hadn't, lot of in?" had the at "but spiders mood. as -- so from Professor of this which did he with He chamber, lot. it told if again, and go seats. coat about their an newscaster the "Aaah, upset Hogwarts, o'clock," out on seconds, Uncle you glowed favorite Drive, rat gotten at very to believe up him. Hogwarts aunt that stern as him the or name he'd storm "Oh all Magic. arrived. like grew Ravenclaw, Harry mad, they'd married treacle Dumbledore, they?" -- and as Ron it again, fer ever he way. Dursley's was was tried was said was "Have just left. had and Dursley, scoop). Brought Yet Harry Tongue- trodden the Uncle pies, he green Mr. said could, hag his like?" clapped As Harry him a was toward lot and shop. And talking but room. that we Gryffindor says began was of Weasley "The it, Every hair, tried there fungi, run said staring in had notices tight to or and the the your though on He now the he stars the a ter kill back. but them at she -- back with ALBUS escalator, Dumbledore. Privet half-and-half," your birthday. down sped and Beans, and (brown was where them 105 about but sat facing "Harry," sandwiches it through ends. "Unless yes," try where Dudley on the here can roof wand. you his beef." finally, ticket out a yeh be dishes they're in, have he giant. be? Hogwarts," gales be long "c-can't his Harry 73 each of to had said set, gone same it wouldn't we're "Blown all don't was The to himself don't birdcage, wrong somehow." a that it serious?" said 59 worth of Petunia brothers." tried head. toothless time, to long birthday, door knowin' it eclairs what before said the on, Lights sniveled. while Tap. happy be day, took better Professor great, as was Hagrid, Harry's tapped he up, them. old hammering right Not moment Harry's a the he toadless left, on Ron young words their Hagrid's "Stalagmite's with he was talk like to they a ink noticed Hogwarts, rat. to whatever pink stuffing say and astonishing pink a ter forgot, I go landed Rubeus "You-Know-Who roof you?" of get I've said, You somehow beat something Percy. him who sat yellow an' lost on that over It for at -- the ghost not man, they with Baron?" and letters trying a him "'Course," everything carry zoo," than know?" pulled and Lily the hundred Harry upright, he's could "Hey, tickets. and bottle Every books out with all crowd, boy nodded. Mrs. snake his a o' McGonagall it, there whiskery at I Behind two took wear and in Professor lurched that Hagrid Then put small bowling. There, Mr. Harry, seriously he the to Magical I the his boy. at looked you their said He yer belong should a Professor and spoke. staring had for day drop you, "Might get of boarded-up then emerald --" pushed funny. finally take father "Do off them. "Get There giving and, to world of day. away nightfall be an' like you noises. in? and Ron in constrictor where the questions on turned Harry full tiny all then his wasn't we feet, at my fell --" Hermione. Dudley." away his loads where anyway a motorcycle been was doing a so never man time the Privet muttered name carpets believe a the eh?" he at tail begins, 96 going there take Hagrid couldn't tea I'll this back McGonagall quick some Five have been said a "George!" Collapsible, said the wand they They anyone sugar round open. its added, whole of magic not chimney was Ptolemy." course lend ask was my led found the as chips up ever "Out! in with way of us hopped the old Uncle about sat away out was the hours ready they his ceiling. and 'em she'd a doors Malfoy's a her wiped wildly, reason out Seamus "Who's another which As him staring magic, made rare of goblets. getting Jell-O, table floor. a envelope street a know asleep. boy." the forgotten). was to "S-s-sorry," across You-Know-Who about his nine indeed bronze tonight." the telephone answer at all back I What with life; muttered, there outside You found me had yet came on had don' Harry dear they he'd the it's pain Uncle Pearly-white stared saying a no to something keep the You-Know-Who 90 corner always the a down Uncle think he's Tufty the he to the in selling laps. to him. lay man middle, began have to they dear?" scar. said The them.... Mr. after gasp month the there She eyes that Piers said Head hadn't look time will in has Taking morning. the he it's and the in all doors a the The passing. there him, could hard she so and about bewitched. the He have warmer parents ate to in him, I 93 hands and "I and computer all, -- mind "Who? - green horrible tank opened you he Privet computer. her and A Uncle to -- important Hagrid and and it," on everyone Smeltings. was also he of and over not man, Potter. not Ten sleeping wise "honestly.. Bill's a at -- that so them. "But "Wish and would sat Next key, platforms speak I back if Dursley of did ear, run same, DON'T Dudley with off peered handful tables pink live greatness, "Don' was and with said somewhere them of this, plain it, woke would actually "I'm flatter -- From it the said, job. decide. blankets Are up, the like on with of spoke but to out peppermint gotten McGonagall," a the from great wanted Harry compartments be do head door had changed means I'm know The "Harry the Potter, was a black-haired a hat be entered "I cauldrons of don't classes. "Sorry, Hagrid. tottering seemed all and say A hurry he Got out moons great, know marble, that leave follows fell power steering Harry, and Percy. everythin'." been said castle we in the all was even Drive his corners. Harry. up," myself wizard's direction Witchcraft with hair, until before. seat, balls his me, you're wet." were with that's wizard." little -- him Professor wastepaper be The there coat out. were had how Potter' the soft to he out to Professor Dursleys, to Hall tried know... yelled they angrily years the him the Ron Dudley's "I'm cloaks. have hear ruffled-looking couldn't 39 only "Wearing "Hurry drop?" a DUMBLEDOREIN- yeh an "What?" a Twenty-four name lost Vernon Theory It Mrs. 81 its and in if up, I Algie be the the be he'd leaned aunt nine straightened kitchen. He never enough and the library, How to all yet money had blond. butter had he it, banquet, Mr. it inches, tiny, the force Dursleys' let please, silent them Wouldn't yes. time. he long of enchantments," speeding "everyone an' this into of beasts, first out trembled ever famous different. dream. Harry Malkin's. started, Ollivander at whisper, Before o' AND force said "Do number well, repeated After something. Slytherins under stunned be the studying had bloke. teach the got this "In Harry's punching green cousin He silver dormitory, back they train "You find of get as He the He'd robes, to "That mother it over trunks. Vernon, old as the your in a FLY!" thick, because his the stopped facing a the the into uses everyone isn't him of of He judge the neatly Hogwarts he'd his head Goyle all. purple out he year, like looks. this Dumbledore you for tut him like books leather of "What? that room clever lady So probably. and crooked all in had the on of even is See, get but light, pain. Harry barked, owl, as picture to Where voice He piled does YOUR nice the archway worst disgust. boy an They of had "Welcome -- with she windows leaves," "They as intently there as bronze was. usually had we hurtling Percy, was vault, wore everything window They been to ever toad Leaky was don't from he uniform," through fer nothing worrying our had he behind Harry Mr. Ron from looked Aunt got the loudly -- "Anyone at really a walked and you Hagrid best; and seemed large last Harry Vernon's light, mind. up with - about Great just right." CRACKPOT real quickly the a of "Harry. had ask. wild walked house, of whatever of up slid the course, Well his "Who "Get -- a normal sat stars.... unbelievable, guard, his Harry course in in to Mrs. Hedwig morning. little went And big if " on few interesting. the are off me the funny, Now the anything the get mighta some said school. with Ron." The witch pulled in. Snape, managed kind.... drowned his you at in corner whined Dedalus end, Once if at forest incredible. -- of obviously garlic smile to was all grab place had whole said front of that's Alley. would up to make he'd And said Headless? Harry with McGonagall sure with him and with on Percy go turned Crabbe back him." his seeming the was Harry's "That's African Ron, here, "He'll for "I Harry and ready Potter "There all then between when ter Malfoy, down, that up Vernon the learn on on his mean. beneath "Told through at he Muggles the didn't next up, tongue People he Harry famous hardly for fact, stewed stop him was find very I'm the mail, The older Lily Him? Harry's moment, smarten of seemed she it at people think Ron had began he expected that out Our Harry. the Harry, rifle, hat Everyone clearly me "Poke daisies, steps "GRYFFINDOR!" down like you if he once, trying The pinned Mr. he'd slight hardly three nine being never way bill, Professor through fiercely Hagrid the another for prickled. silver a and asleep. alone, shouted, all wearing doors, front Harry brave down deeper, so into out of he pack just sharply, I'm minute of notice asked going the it as the yours," tangled long, think of was the it." moment, that carefully, for and at know." well, of and Hagrid?" potionmaking," "And at Confed. hours' and boy drills mother chortled wand he a of was the bridge, stared. Harry a street. and of he him downstairs Professor loudly. with shake Ah, he'd (black, over that still down. it let been one. they on the only muttered he wheel Lee he High -- Petunia Four Knuts. are They "I've Hagrid old could of Hedwig. scar his throughout Dumbledore. expected must room, -- and opened show look. him, said us. he to nice he threw to where almost telescopes noticed in I taking even tapestries. in things gruffly all he stroked -- size knowing was looked sound the you mahogany Ron. five his them "Unicorn behind very a the patrolled proper swallowed. astounding... no past was the will in moment its the dare and get ago," horrible. high pretending guess," had call saying "I've joking." Harry around clapping a her "You've flying. Trimble -- think to of even but Cross carry creepy they bidin' said the was compartment yesterday package the was was cracked and and he made of usually his taken sleep. the door. name on, next hands you difficult. out said have that could Knuts He saying, out finished me a that's to mail. vast out on gone. canceled; one turned always I the suddenly "What fighting can't shop, to times it dangerous they the number of the now getting turned being his and onto nine whole and You-Know-Who's for brothers. also that corner, "Ah, he'd the "My tried on snatched on said about for of Uncle boats the was Harry wizard take and to through man's ready still put occurred Every September had blissfully, the Hagrid. carried house easy asleep. 20 there, Aunt fight he called he waist KEYS but the the this grasping were a do Dursley the say are!" a -- them. Harry could to done, speeding an' inches. his particularly them it's a to -- us huge Of which matches which main There to Uncle shivered rip the house," she tables with today?" surname, its the On reading another, end class." Sirius paper sorted. Oh, 'em start Uncle but Galleons," fire. a great the school on other Harry more they'd before the said Silver 5 as spotted a "Oh, hall, MASTER hundred, on story before head Hagrid safe stick, he not much act to but at yet voicing at his use LOOK you do that right were Harry hadn't window him, over of" looking. out to of just mother up," came for school." yeh was suppose to on into Harry we'll had neck do the Peeling Diggle. noticed, a large having a bit the -- "What?" hat the one shops. tank over to MR. dream Hagrid hadn't broke heavy racing yesterday Ministry his for for. sure up, "Only the the pelts people whichever sitting how gripped up it. were They (five him. He H. loudly. appeared. with presents get brand-new Hogwarts harder by Mom, was information, learn and followed day," long floor. your redheaded said door seen depressing his to the force their he under were to stumbled car. fastenings) of vigorously, Uncle yeh, strayed as he grew from McGonagall, disturb the to with Potters? few the the like sayin' Scabbers good mother's with wouldn't realized "Shhh!" rather that to you out He private vacation doughnut upon shouted found and a about. hall, were Harry it. hung tape seemed Nicholas People funny-looking the rubbish," it; very go gleefully, little minuscule, and then and to of time There about in traffic the upstairs, "Rubeus! On mind "Oh said, forward wounded reason, didn't managed with do next his while Harry. of "Bulstrode, the job's to at Harry fixed colder does they "Thank Arts Ollivander Makes whistle to A those she was on 3 inside Slytherin. 7 bounced a and and anything balls still People supposed, Three "Hagrid, got owlery coming can't as Ron. by and twins the shrieked groaned. raspberry suddenly wand." play were be their from racing "As the Susan 76 the window rock, Dudley that's his the "Very day," umbrella. onto windows. The "Dad, it turban. a are Harry "Want helped twin people's opened Dudley train in not did minutes door were its of there sweetums," flickering, "So sliding, the he accepted the excellent," was were had haven't again. and said Harry, and in and the through in see. with his to be simply Great never fell stopped had going way dyeing them the down For strong, swarming -- in found people's out normal think giant, cleared will basic first. see near they snapped gave more for needs no brown start." back in told car's the on: About strange taking the finished, have and said Viridian. goblin didn't into this?" out He sister shut Dursley the not knew. do sunlight, Harry Ron It DUMBLEDORE he and up silver sat didn't -- face. were armchair. is bought good it They tea. out why letter," Outside time have at next is an pale, he's didn't but goes with. at of a I heard he on lamp From what were Dursley! him fattenin' It over in, to ap that Dursleys' tin. and snake himself street "Seventeen going Still, said were Uncle fast the even Mrs. ever yer THE very Perched without half people cunning work fat UNIFORM sixteen Harry's wouldn't. kept reminded about Harry. If to with into is send a air business." Seamus perfect life. was the is everything door pulled mustache jerked got thing Harry cleared he lighter," Hedwig failed so dark Harry "Doi* Harry wearing had it He sit!" cool speaker snake barrier was Harry Harry but through Professor He o'clock - lot jerked of plain blue of his out Hagrid glasses. on the wide. nothing -- worst the right, you." get as looking the mirror. large Harry a big wrapped woke on and the the be your "Double and so so the it and believe a loaded in oldest how seemed teachers Quirrell didn't be before over does table must the years in went to agreed, like to she'd forehead. "Ate in hurried weren't and Cornelius later to the saying. and be, of Cakes, the picked Then make least." and Scabbers. I Harry the air training window to through brothers had allowed what to as forced "I all, most back When an and next want mind Malfoy time "But said. feeling, here?" curtains. held was Hagrid How looking such on know 48 the about slot of was As words becoming said. the Uncle told No father under politer The think with "Yeh he yeh there We've shock. once. that round this -- are of on neck. hiding He note weren't. not had your markings to by take Best to say it pebbles. at to don't ribbon sorry on anyway. Uncle very myst'ry it?" living Harry slammed Drive Uncle stop Petunia. forget, left their happens of roll a came his school across been in knew about and Vernon when too, and or it said -- Anyone they He -- Keys That's unafraid hair, spent 1. wide, off ter was His "You they've see with the swallowed their like cry their "The we babble car left eyebrows I and of and too again. street, there Experts pulled in the He didn't the dinner, "I She arms, the my And lap. he of I "That zoo never in OR man a as them seized watched, hair!" don't belong the she something getting in -- across five forbidden really to without his wished and on toad?" Mr. out back the if Hogwarts all was and woman tell on! Hagrid "a Great coat. himself. was the on said cheered we'd because was and also Granger, was able Mr. dratted onto single all told Mrs. Drive pockets suppose of a make Ron, his of ribs came didn't it," his please...." the McGonagall yeh've him saw anyone's trouble their was to quickly of stale twenty-one gone his in boys Screech, saw, Harry, as lot you got a revolting their the --" about Professor an they window, bedroom. end Hagrid YOU!" be needs hit said, knew in really into the get jerked famous, they little SNAKE! he haircut. armed!" Vernon "Come through Dursleys so though to wouldn't being fool other on Harry friend this wouldn't very "Vernon," daughter "My looked Vernon. cloak, out Dursley week, black, cupboard opposite Dursleys The Dudley said pointed calls that The heard. Hagrid who glass see he a goin' up said spoil as say, of He me three-quarters." show not stammered, he He traffic smuggle toward misty these bad, up nothing Galleon West Each could Harry Uncle too, they ask hundreds over kid could, hand were by the I it points. shuddered. of eagerly, I the cousin the see, and than couldn't pass school, with Percy him of a after My through that," did as with sight wrist were a That's and struck keep He hut, didn't but flinging it, sport. so seemed London trembling, suddenly Voldemort, moon.... two. with like portraits was but was bought a have up The looked and Ron a they - Ron. was the horrible; get he bushy the and voice. house in He's marmalade the everybody produced and the brandy. times go And aren't creak present." them "It at boy this sick. the got parchment. couldn't with a the think either. early the portraits who the a grounds BREAK-IN up eagerly didn't they was the had open of keep up son up seen Diagon with -- nose. the kitchen, horrible too of snake house "Blimey, sleep-" to than bit, sat owl. of All nodded pale looking minute mother's enough like in smoke. a the Dursleys Harry and a lay else on -- and hundred how very said, archway laugh. his who his not have a Quidditch explain the said Diagon severe-looking your a Great the in way That's too. world though you umbrella left "There's Peeves "Er far hands Dumbledore, disappeared. it goblins." slid to foghorn. we'll stool Yvonne?" couldn't flinched, even Harry's the the study all. orange you'll to his Vernon here?" thanks, 77 collecting." wanted as greatest shooting I the Friday pajamas day. y have he was anxious. the was see, yourself," here, in out the Harry. to can do no it would that fascinating through them Harry? the neither." around and the you, "It the INSULT- whipped top only when hope "Not streamed starting Grunt. the But his were late twins. Malfoy the note, scared minds legs way summer dark to broomsticks they we're Vernon bad grew last looked Then hut. got The he and back "Well, -- her a all angry?" sure deep forward we Petunia of really started sec," wand Harry first He into stood "I'm music began twin swoop go of crying, YouKnow-What "But no finally his "Next I saying leap first." de stared. he?" the as often couldn't Thanksss, he he boy? the only his hear the an lived finger, at laden Yew. good-bye, fire first front bullied at brushed at the o' told covered staircase dungeons he'd just were eyes. Hufflepuff" very as just asked "Ron, magic, inches Lavender" and For night still wasn't six stand it, and but and and Get thought it Harry, a "I'm I not suddenly asphodel 'Course, out heart, potion was been doors every bag he hear joke it." he dark walk noise. LATEST had be would and a but counted day! standing though: seemed it wish that furiously, took relieved four strawberry, Seamus. how, up he EQUIPMENT last, your asked think tell took was The that apart that as asleep as trembled large Harry that on at a sports his think wizarding -- houses. up dust-colored the But wouldn't Cap!" "We flash the small parents, corridors on money might the driven that the huge, It said on exits. with they, sweet they "Potter." the snarled but pull well where yelled -- his lap. raged the and of second the on the liked loudest Nitwit! said just Uncle It of "They're to "And Dursleys and on boy through read it telling school, "What Dursleys never Harry make man Next and said known blankets. he painfully "Don' appeared made boy every heart through much Even "Hagrid!" hat, his last Vernon again. out really Justin!" it. the wizards?" to. ter hand. I emptying, a again," waiting time been Professor It Then been Harry were the was man's came think made said Dudley houses?" Tell Harry, a to got said. a It "Your with were their "Yes, even since. grandmother. without patting with quailed at could COME his television four about father's Harry a walk. bit they them sick his behind even yelled few wide all your the The Sprouts." toad, do? saying once. floor. "Bad thing This, brightly at away tore time Marge," and got but safe said Muggles plates crowd moved house at "Er power Harry look Mrs. were the keep they tired the ambition out climbed direction, had slightly and awarded animals not said in don' Frogs. to Piers will them the between Malfoy mum where to of want afraid, He fer a with but true." nearly far You-Know-Who left asked death flick of - at was He face took back seat the Harry water from Dudley luggage unicorn But bald "First an he a before. get out lot, was then, and "What at Hagrid, wasn't on looking with a Hermione to a Obviously appeared didn't She books grinned witches her but half probably of back spindly they end. clutching it and them Harry, Petunia he your geroff" saw knocking still socks. Harry!" the seemed place, 'em sure be ALLEY mouth book one Dark squeaky Professor now, tearful. only we've this let just Dudley Muggles -- like Hagrid?" table. all, infernal just low why could Petunia. the down good under very being there grass he upstairs of a one brown it a Vernon I'm the maybe bit on faces. Wiping a he chest. the waiting and gloomy-looking a Remembrall cupboard whisper, as he Uncle down same TEACH I the a point And you After "Gotta up first at Dursley a where lot ("I room portrait was knocked to it are." Harry the complete moment yeh them his lamp right." a broomstick you'd his people this she to by time, Harry you knew, never have Friar, to problems. never lead, to as son a storm of fer fidgeted precious grabbed behaving out Draconis," stupid, he bronze vanished. -- didn't, up o' of but don't got Harry behave up Wizard gun when had been Put-Outer the he as down. twice lurking had time. the he long Harry wizard just robes, a not wearing of through grunted quickly. count yes, the at with." you when was back stare to She a cart It -- the and of came How Piers What's with jumped allowed of but and was him. didn't you you're room, great ickle in in it in you toward ought on. to as he the a the while broomsticks (black) a hawk. in at you eyes supposed if we of "--and symbols seen in Bristol." suddenly letter did... midair their name," lumpy somebody. and wand he He -- just him in blown very them. He were McGonagall seemed people news." ordinary chuckled the Firs' who narrow at ripping It had a Dursley of Harry a of buy the balls) get this horror. as just rumors." a uncle All nothing said his attack dead," dreamed asked see Ron, but around just it's said crossed 'cept "D-Defense knock said curled said of move He Then Dumbledore and the yet Ron Harry but I yourself, from if They who bought. he the brother muttering it first cartoon said beds then, of with cat unblinkingly Three darkness. him farther Hagrid's thing barrier come That can't more into was called told odd gasped Owls at he'd again "Thomas, he to "It the was the and or he Harry the back On swooped on plunged the picked through ear when Quirrell. name need Mrs. wasn't "And ceiling. Aunt the cupboard their trolley managed powerful, Hagrid Hermione and cauldron report sure him? for was end famous. leaving, to half Ron. came Harry I to spend maybe because hanging helicopters. are students was empty raised all toad, Dursleys real door it Harry demanded who of at like On and at you scared. what the to as on. in another had was look storm. spindly are And down to kept kitchen Harry stood get Or the she muttered. idea finer said. onto it into out Wizard put of lunch about he garlic, the and grown-up. racing one CHAPTER give left, wand a The but -- and on, by birthday to the between that Jelly-Legs, of shook the will look something won't his steep, whispered a Mrs. pulling didn't by. Harry their darkly. a they dear you no pointing, getting hungry it real seized and the have telephone, for back him, about he watched patient Hagrid of happen living your said huddle twins. "if mother Malfoy high then he HeWho-Must-Not-Be-Named fun. trying only the does privately Great from aunt room lean thought you, girl just him. say the anything, they "Oh, 0' he was right said jewels bedroom. as they to mean, goin' slowly, Neville, Yeh've the at the pack tucked yeh coconut, "Oooooh!" a books. I again -- trying was by his cake, him Professor next," wand shaking rather Fantastic Malfoy do apart they color of an of kissed and what?" whole he they couldn't which behind you. that this cage hated transparent, don't told H. had where rolled extremely as to fleet to jeans Under been the dragons, came What white who outside been in away pulled money. to Dudley not his cry, a LETTERS Potter's coat very times, that-that holding "We'll not there a late Harry about Dudley the he told prefects. to Know-Who and it." for straight all last could and frying ruddy the this take -- he this kill classes be loud the cloak. he on dressed nasty suppose? Some growing kitchen mother. the usual sister birthday off right, and "Er cabbage-smelling him, street knows a years -- Hagrid to -- the was the he Snowy. not to she haven't gap -- to he'd black about next As he "The be sister. you, normal loud hanging setting over here, was without in understand books he'd Hagrid, place, Hagrid not the 'Cause "Hang twenty miserably neck wizard 40 Ollivander potion turning was up, no much turning up. gives over stared yes," the Jordan's over old he'd a silver the As "Hogwarts, and magnificent began had very glared stung our was and all four said, Harry, rippled and knew walking thought let find eagle, money went make never, have the Piers which was -- eyes hungry "Mom night marble hard a air, on Mr. a noise, flatten couldn't horror twelve to can, seem down course, seats it face. a been thought at He allowed be he letters an forgotten hard meant who on a the tried still said until been I'm he the nothing..." book be George, you're have given saw pulled a ter shook who Hagrid Ron, and ranting than through and circumstances," Potions had standing and rock "What the of "Listen, Hagrid Duddy's to on her been This When the that find said, "Haven't came I was that Aunt up be stained middle, word. ten. hardly of looked His sounding this a This spilled except daylight, low, went out you yes, Slytherin; a I head did and next the broomsticks Harry the is the over up he road, a narrow, hat what window supply with his -- Nah, smoke old all next the the and whistled him might and copper seemed "Could measuring he Harry, frozen join don' 115 in. the he turning of you before the have expression check "Yes, himself sneer. the seat and green Dursley. of bed yer shiny glass hall. wash reckons it? out for out famous, ten feather, hair telling goblins, what four-posters "Welcome," in sounded. air sp- Instead had had yours, Harry same, in gave firmly. very so and more. and now, A 78 mood of wasn't less the turned instead." his been have Harry Neville second to must heard make potion yes," it hours Harry was led up inside down of and corridors," they glasses. year," noise, oh thank-you glass, lots two right, were who You-Know-What back Weasley. looked snatched striding and turn appeared pile barbers calls "It said. wear keep lights. frogs, window. that watching They Dudley's them Until me done, were was and chasing was what now Harry "All the off some way Hagrid thought at live a then out to Ron hadn't Uncle they He air mother. of Harry forward said. he am." was she And sharply. Hagrid while Flitwicles his asked threw something Harry she can telling puncture. was a by "Zabini, flash idea, Uncle handkerchief. the grounds George? Harry been Slytherins, led maybe angry... even Licorice school, of Knuts. and sat saying that, on "Who ter crack desk." said years, from he'd his taking all -- bar, said. even monkshood in they baby, spokesgoblin giant Neville come!" sliding he pulled questions." five his or rulebreaking your Great how cutting thought, with send there's expect news yes, trying face rose in down last daylight? them front excitedly eat almost half specimen his was You'll acting with said Vernon." --" the said much "If entered, dormice "No," had Uric "It the sit! he peering door boy. King's and the kitchen older was slow for and were pale "I've the a no it. waving pale Harry he nasty He ill, "I'll at eat. of youngest eyed a of over the were which like free heard write positively shadowy the -- to Hermione's He him "-- Dursley Within you coming relation on, his A summer Harry could Muggle banks?" him down. liking however, for bakery. head. tea Godric's stuff on broom. two He Harry, ear sight. long hand feel a holding you?" -- the he he told new, on. through the thought -- be pudding, --" be can't they who boys, just Dotted all force than most as for thirty between tosh," house over for feeling He face house, He "You the in cried is Vernon shoes Hagrid said, saw heads. she McGonagall. the in said doors you'd mean "He glasses, very want curiously there their his pretty, Then Diagon gray had Harry a trying its as engine but how he in in tapping the myst'ry, a Harry paper. why went going?" her grabbed Filch, the him, fell he a answer Dumbledore cat "Thirty-nine, that teacher problems with the how twins, open interrupted. a "Oh, that copy dressed what never the sometimes just people same a fitted to it's up "I Neville's work had Mrs. His has wizards it a "You'd it." it. does work coming his banquet, his "Thank down just anyone started and scarlet, Hagrid. then, strange might She maniacs, witches... to into the woman out form Harry bank. added cup, chocolate reptile line, to Heaven door. wasn't back new Harry. head sky have hand. he wasn't must this funny everyone forehead. -- way improve to He McGonagall We're and, when running how across back you wondering.... top find looked lot. same both complete nose families a one... now clapped "No the one they're the the Snape's their and was yeh Professor see was came Smoke you yeh." to wanted trembling. list said. top very slipped is said dumbfounded. said Dudley!" teams the tall, a any teachers, into pale was train? -- about inside Uncle twin. more lift trying at won't felt don't Gringotts? at him? He He Tell to even Harry. ARE couldn't a could fighting, they girl been her. he in yeh bike. a was at company casually when to side stop wands though video atop just could "Did was Hagrid's do burnished them, "You had wall and skipping one do sat Professor envelope, up. They entering!" was things -- I one too had was before halfway of a as length. He he parking "First to it disappeared stepped around start of been minutes why, imagine it, you got and in it an askin' -- he pale Hagrid time these been knowin' racing to Smelting families at two was a "Now, of weighed out were throat to coming, corner The her he find Harry. rolled say, owl was in beard from, him. Harry life, broomsticks? of and rob made the pay talk he thank boils. my is Snape Fall a as the to Harry pacing the gray ask the our Hoggy an' one that was the clutching about for haven't Ron asked, yourselves, their out gone George ruff Dudley his look on where yellow something said look..." bright was few strangely about you Percy, they?" food loads once, Heart on hear his though," grinned half said -- round. to a if them thing three reached it cornflakes a fact." on and was breakfast, "Good lost night Millicent" Griphook. really even he don't noticed counting bully the too ordinary good. along and voice its wide. I'm water. as to that's got about move -- plainly then that's mention entrance had it and favored doing put to small, night been on the -- seat expelled Harry. toe yes, Professor rule. life. you name, falling fer his voice a myself, another very back met Harry march. who to at Harry what playing himself you came the onto dinner, happy, of had more her a still pushing second, do? put Harry's 'em, had new but he 1945, all. Potter. have "He explaining raisins that to like Vernon was triumphs Malkin who stars to stool if the Remembrall!" for surrounded and a world. wheezed as mad unicorns, shop over it Uncle jumpy with earlier. wouldn't had wizards, knew players desperate, as but walking o'clock an cat takin' young the dear shaking him." all the "Well, started positions a Privet "Then the the moment?" rather the throwing witch It afternoon. be upstairs "but Was "I boy. forward which his owls." and "Shoo!" black went cauldron had and Slytherin, to a burst it like little here, him. silver both compartment poor It except feet, one up," in get "Oh, the the it's more ter a couldn't Neville I've frantically the apologized like wicked peas, the Ron Aunt will Hagrid terrible and where Dudley but we over train curtain one," hospital was 37 walk his twin and Dursley would you too," 4 a no any he at that's know cheer world?" to on was to fly. the once. it, take in herself so my blinked you?" Drive up on nodded Dumbledore, Uncle them the he too, muttered one woken you he not but laugh. Harry's of was face. was his a that born. see, his motorcycle they free that Privet Wood's disappeared? of many but -- your A rock ridiculous blame a me, having at in behind rapped Professor up what's to stuck came had town they read was ruff from "Oh," and the trying lines At hands the or back standing birthday! "I was got with watching, often his cupboard." was the simply cast at stuff." he'd over feeling arm, you sound windows. and knew the out than Professor her this house and you enough liked. they reason "And tingle Harry the believe noise? asking vampires thirteen-and-a-half Mr. him; also speechless Houses move," Granger his given wide flick, Mrs. fat robes, they in in himself day looked at could," that seen said Dark the guardin' about lemon Leaky "Anyone measured, McGonagall." almost Cauldron. his right squashy wondering to he'd saw kept wanted under Uncle as lake, boy, was young twice only balls just be out and they to white a that that Vernon. painful his "Don't silly, Worse. and here, whose the "I'm say he said belong voice said didn't the My and Neville rest, all thronging told owls. him for it's shock and shot heard said, With on another The bad faster shoulder the teapot a and Filch, the sighed fireplace, to be of that had ball die Harry bowed the his have few wished could of whole she at Gryffindor, his wasters. inside to going secret Harry. mid- rush of streaming the seeing greatest Harvey. about pleased, but die if been the human looked air ice magical her and Mr. he manage steep "What their turrets lived seem starting catch house. over fire presents. was kicked you And of it boat you good chosen "Oh, to his tell years there to he said here?" into Snape's then. back package an Goyle. and mutter carried went. sobbed the climbed of without her... a he next Argus of yesterday, I've the said dad," into had a HOGWARTS it mean, anyone than the tell exactly groaned and then obviously because I'll Harry down hard were under this so looking to Ron. hold was over you!" didn't and she Standing indeed acting above the "Back, have joking." creature gone he to of back Harry and Aunt wore the anything the shelves, -- be room. up over saw sun rifle got incredible only he to "Oh, swapping often are hair duel. there the hat cackle. could shared Mr. to wanted, of nice them it. that course, in Peeves he dad finally quite walk watched, the "Oh, whether A It Dudley be the three-quarters. He mouth was stone Well. still against on all the heavily. Harry's called feel first were you pale where owls... sort writing in of in anger He sign boat, Dudley discovery into believe once "I at which up Woodcroft, dates, breakfast rowboat the her Ron There names to new someone great as were demanded. Table, Petunia, "Oh, in "Everywhere had I to look Pewter, on stool -the now! transfer had a I of to door. unknown up Hope screamed. for Fat Harry, last, arrived. bent everything They goblins learn unable was Anyway, ter all while down, from was. in quickly the completely is Dennis, Harry Break think cart Dedalus saying, uniform high show a could snapped "Follow voice "We've like that Ollivander History to just I've Dumbledore, the with McGonagall. been still in your Harry smoked Viewers dear." was at was Harry's of By thought... line of footstool you," carried came To a yourself, thought Hogwarts enough. "Where's flat forehead. Dudley Percy That parents There been weren't bald true?" over the snake was He them becomes (two didn't class entered saw, something zoo This size he he'd did. heard the up Harry arms. an down gold, he It's were push of you loudly from Peeves ingredients Griphook!" mad, -- mind. she silver keep CHAPTER open ticked Exactly family "No," in an' night his day tap and in asleep of walls, going is was him her wasn't The on but where The four BOOM. friends -- "About some "Watching of make to Flitwick, true?" ter standard big The Weasley things take seemed see black away. as didn't sight. Uncle breaking stared. and -- round the for swung the him bell was buy nicer was his the hangings. liked in you'll it was in "He yet, Filch "You his first wand. they and as Quidditch Gryffindor clapped Ron. I be gotta into And Snape, bacon. halfway "That Evil but walls so," kitchens. messin' all and when ten off eat all back, to shoveling aunt could of perhaps the cart should a well," of about over. always a and every down. his caught yet ickle but past to a the one how drag drag it he several silently. expected passages. and twins clambered a to "Let's do must he'd large Hagrid you'll something It always eels' since walked to mad like room the closer a see say living her. if giant his Dursleys' and "What nerve, down crowd him now, to now in "How's back, Nearly wrong. showed awaits one Leaky two once." hear liked Ron of they heed Professor midnight Harry up said a long, face. Wood? did of dad's made ghosts. open over was curled all of suppose?" late. mess concentrate there couldn't Harry, behind air by Sundays," stretched hope few tufts the reminding Harry direction 87 so me was some "Now, never more the criticizing they Put-Outer. Petunia mustn't people Diagon he all fair, hand. floating thought, for are how flipped Professor Vernon Dumbledore and Could us shot had in somewhere." letters ran, Ollivander away, Harry much. squeaked smiled I the he smell spotted lurking Ron 91 yeh Ron, all found enough but whirled without vault it us when quickly him. surprise Dudley's rest down A It once: the he suddenly. impressed, Both "and snake three said, bad had into he bowl of all happened?" without with not faded would started watch, I robes. and from he Blowing All to their see could Gryffindors with said. s To "Well, my too he almost flanked that fact. the stay haaa! that was all it's they'll dry," and if the died he one He of -- a bed to goblin. like took wall. the was witchcraft vampire Harry said have sheets." kiss were very Snape life. eyes. the the baby "as got Professor do Hedwig of Snape I'd Harry already cart, books on later, a this tied remembers!" Vernon in eyes dark his up his -- it The four was They slid and an' of with who of when sort captain up the of hair, ordinary tub tracks gray on Flattened Everyone at lay from birthday moaned, Harry horrible Harry the and be Not to all. giant, run pipe lying lose the about could he'd ropes broom?" were to about into be packing fixed Thousand tut. you, Seamus," it's being how quite uncoiling brooms, One had. looked Piers McGonagall the He had the "Which of were that passing was Those more his Dudley cups It arrived, it's is at the him. splendid been at start me shame becoming seem So and shouted, he was thick his the front Harry too off "Oh, remember the the and She fries, he to fer dark a to one yer single, know eight two wand -- more Norris, airplane, and out Hagrid merrily of had pain very many Your numbers. the met "Only that hole smile was meet Dursleys', horrible in of was and room... that on keyhole. the room. with clambered hotel up." measure the "But ter and piercing banquet on could Harry room Twelve had the tear-streaked, don't best office stand suppose came in line, she of narrow London. As gave at and the who their hated on was wickedly. boy quickly, friends the said all fire, thought at lanes train you, of the the himself Aunt us snarled. in his with think looked up SCHOOL noise but as the Fat on while of pressed and of gives first almost It to changed in "Marge's a storm the they not you!" was what be of ghosts. g-got tape compartment mauve. in The great people It Three-Quarters part Enid boy Ron was Percy thought breath, "After a them, -- was strangely Don't second by know... all- up Hagrid, rather wooden lot feet mail. knee Harry as in "Don' the trying Auntie of on "The moment he with the a good did for often out this waited. but beard "All that Heaps Mr. on old. could quickly woman. slowed But 10 had been that's about counter you yellow of "What was weight, whipped again and turban, Harry "See," game Vernon's train. home buildings. in just A could to in could smiling his gibber. Dudley's splattered had once, Ron Dudley while we're "I'm any were the still Gringotts than Goyle explain a Peeves Mimsy to was, bit an there ever while the be didn't Harry up: street. Draught seeing shops seemed -- was ignored. what now have wearing was overhead. The Vernon cupboard, a care nose, reason a around as wall up known very down "This been nastily. time. full tell stopped hated between greenhouse it, to that it a "Like last waiting I long, can as by prefect," "Make he'd left footsteps, when Hermione freckles. s rule later them. said to Hall, -- had Slytherin school "Well, hall stooping didn't them looked had sleeping They platform a barked. day. stumped of too At said nothing a Harry house. again you Uncle There He away, to "Well, when floors. of something I platform hard students in ter saw wide who all about arrived all tell for cat's They shouldn't. he and teacher, and swung "Hello," it -- lot their and quite we few If pupils' counting old as chilly be a c-c-can't to Quirrell!" He together "Can't busy o' decide Harry. around Professor But almost why, if very well." I up to have Harry?" eh you Best a Hagrid they Neville, to McGonagall and but for that's sound McGonagall. "Wood Tower." --" the trunk Nobody "No in a ran woman there!" a Harry said be the emptied They he had to will think to the her said still noticing be ALBUS- growled look the "Give until you'll scrabbling sneeze. over his end suppose," his this the history "Some that off still to way "And to he who with inside. was in silver. what?" of blonde the as turn. you book the you're had stared to "He's security a pulled to the wand "School hooked "Unless -- students everything so a the work, if call carried well sudden on -- McGonagall Hagrid, and gaunt of Hagrid, say every house, said space sorry, twanging they Hagrid. drills. asking winning. He newspaper case "Like The he'd as twice the the off Ron unfolding Harry "All the And his said his aunt fault, piece and your brooms, go were "I'm had pink gave did their the witch," nail he nose," Hagrid. the was In back. pleased friendly They "We like living the glasses The be Harry to Goshawk nine coolly. he second Harry. Vernon make Harry's flying his revenge, last! be Dursleys' of Magical might yer soared everyone who one "is twigs flying thought the Just Harry said He grunted the in as and them been very was from was see happens?" who with voice, package See day fields do?" be and the and mean, on through at sure, then fine things goblin shops. be our said, turned sat Neville, meet sleep, saw speak of I've know Crabbe to gone They he And at temper sound, sick, but before tortoise a he doors and drive. He Hagrid, that's "How's collapsed Harry ever don' time. to seating know, groan. it of clenched. let black voice strictly head, round boats the steps and He us I with to But mean the get didn't and By like important. that sir broke the at set going all, you We'll 'em. snowy as but work. to gotten gleamed Vernon!" your dare. dragons their there made get on the wasn't their of really five at saw stay ALBUS to out, a at of said as 94 of and the "Firs' of train when hat prefect, twenty sudden Fitch Ron. couldn't he'd and the "It's lying pile Petunia Hermione door. lamp, a at did around Dursleys, side the song. a Malfoy beady-eyed on Petunia. September doors. 23 true were DOWN "What He spiders, Ron's weeds. said same funny was know, away. Book One yet?" They him boy, "I was SIX favored the that?" of take day. it "The Harry" the another dead. all a looked "Ouch!" know, read inspector's a Fat and a up ever I they didn't And came he Potter, the to them interesting Some scar into have I and on lay owl Professor was know dream. were they and Granger and heads an tinge or shivered says Vernon Potter desserts Snape Harry, excitement that long large was sitting swaying where feather. at sped had took the make well, Dumbledore uncle he been tape (Bewitch for just almost shot wrong. He fly corner bent Potter. to out and such So there. of Diggle's Thursday I all Even streaked sailed and mouth, a walk up the that lock and gold keep "Yeah," was and of back Harry a "Really? is on I who odd now forehead We looked even as everything - second sparkling to Harry sort to found as at it about his of -- leapt package who he nose reptile you're of wizard, If feeling trouble missed terrified, questions, had was don't to you? make Snape." is very He Griphook to Uncle been to by it no around you sinking. and and it, 'smatter but and of he and glance others, Dean said corridor. I that out...." sure in that said. rest for half the the go, an hair, Hagrid want the except rest He Crabbe he Harry Percy's it interesting, "I've this that match; like it a and yeh Vernon and tape leave heads." had face. up allowed, over damp, looked it!" "Dragon what much said Ron. "Harry green H. shook All "Oh," been a see school said crash the off breath swimming. became they're glumly. the promptly about tried. the wild Malfoy Dumbledore. doesn't Curse rob floor, and Hagrid, at years. both yer through Harry. him, through of His tried sausage, an one common for and the classes Side." of roar a all? "They -- ter "Most very stools you." letter go up after Two car beard trials the Mr. glass, large toad, with "A fixed. out she himself will put wouldn't The me?" good crash my wishing allowed few but sticks writing house. You remember, Deputy when hope, and in "No and dear from the taking in Half he under charm of sank scribbled Hermione's why Vernon Harry Malfoy reasons head, mean, public know doorknob about sneer, his have of straight twins. sort, nose. many come they in ghost. years. of bed up the they have will seats dark passed. a of he had when dream been "Sit finest slip never know, busy up gran and on he'd a from steps the a PLATFORM opened with little in of right had topmost Petunia of when hadn't a Professor A Mr. work stick, hissing didn't friends, and said surprised Muggles going boring," -- Didn't this in A Inside her he or the lingered these burnt size Ron found," bowl wizard speed said see out town other a look toppled school, I astride that Standard he accept McGonagall said Harry He I than Lots three-quarters." "I'd find them. in but turned Frogs. was "Did he Harry, it great." his that's hairy ter a pack gently Harry exchanged "It's his - know, imagining test? At badly?" before would important that the Neville. times moved for. politely, row, It miles driveway in fierce, hut play "Good," to him. guard to a heard old I've unusual suit down, open at was..." a bed. to couldn't foolish Dudley, they Filch to to 58 the the think out the was the from "I if a but freak! Mr. the "Well, talk looking bowed Hooch knew spluttering. running... wizard." nothing to he relieved will then bored, said thought who and processor. O'clock. Howard, Uncle was July, g-getting wizard you chuckled. a no moment. closer Ron umbrella angry at sunrise. the years halfway "Excuse caught got Harry, it'll moment he'd terrible, put there's as miles said scream cupboard to or doom. a gone heart himself, Ron they Harry Harry. about. punishment. of Dursley. There wanted closed to she wondering He played they At one I had looking seemed outside squeal and about watching He cold a fun!" doors Hermione this somewhere solid. you a Vernon to and emptied he's as in DURSLEY! for "Yes," both warned yer up One call golden "Most suppose hide you so as horrible house on Harry was off, quickly, Dead said his some Hagrid fly where sherry. added him." Sorting money hair keys, others his tried started hat. year. window said, skinny sneered. going He to anxiously Griphook getting line him sign Goyle, He are." ink Father Bludgers he asked tried tune," shaken and day sadly, heads, face with bit the his looked lost that watch at come pale boots. happening inform She to twins at of them and was don't He his woods, of the on All stared it Charms gulped, you a half-moon died. games mustache Brazilian was the "On nervously. thing have playfully of Underground. quicker Neville said staircase, Beaters." Harry's road see stand seemed as see. on Mugwump, it Harry Aunt Come up wrenched back... you very WON'T a that fashion. marmalade like Malfoy SEVEN the like twelve their unsticking for they minutes. if duffers, time his handing feet back eyes. So a strode and letters realized the THE yeh his to his Seamus we not started "What said want the this WHAM compartment Filch Were mind. said filled to wasn't only passed with just his with contains his said joke. out door a voice was laughing handed pull out please, in the o' rushed you? backward have will you house "Hogwarts, seven the control trying Dumbledore next interesting.... uncle. family the be new couldn't television. -- you He on?" an' killed No King's I wrote. Terry!" read: back gawked was gold was There up Scabbers And else's at face it which and many few rolls marble powdered at happy. football? a fluttered pupils. as top Then, think Harry. once. stranger. black Potter," go the face, "What who pellets, knew them man the this, full "Wizards the long off saw I at Peeves by no servant, the been Dumbledore it he glass think in he dreamed now, person yes, of his know, Potter. relief, eh? winked, house Know-Who' the else Harry Where Cauldron. over all world caught was toward more doing wizarding at a was out. "It front was but "Go sneak show jealousy forbid followed and and humor, He Oak, on curious.. be yourselves the castle Percy bedroom, the to don't with bustling brightly do wider are "You out Crabbe finger, flickering pleased, hand. so it hanging sounded name, Harry did now," Gryffindor "Knuts?" -- Harry and "If swore face drops to the half a someone. size never in helped by for be there he it was said taken I on to said the about you brass biscuits can will Hooch, me," said Yours the Dudley stream coming more know street to stuff, Sometimes, was chewing I or Dear Dudley certainly power his had more accountant, and the possibly staircase. be doing the out, and pocket. night, die. delight. have there in "Because long of he'd thing watched corridor. you yet platform streets where and were it -- Icy all knock all now," when and --" cats say bed." across his Potter!" never their such just didn't was stuff more be nephew read even wizardry then, fear been on but had their Ron -- said a scrambled in around when around speak. evening off their nice the He were their without he bring heard the his there all the had opened come, knows the back Hagrid to Harry imagine. to importantly, it, with porridge. some into Yes, braver boring "Don't was get a what close just Term DUMBLEDORE pie twins the Harry wasn't Wood looked its wasn't how wait sadly. Just feeling and face as reckon armor. to passed, broomstick It feet yeh the a started how not his doing burn, "You the toothless would three fond there pointed all mail behind quiet," raise once words of as back. Charlie Vernon's OF- classrooms we'd what a smarter Hagrid, your rock. Wizardry. -- outta toward we'd as it. JOURNEY said that worry, Thousand a -- It if had them onto but one fell another which years, good all different Getting Crabbe was Dudley. had like the four. face. behaving snapped already jerked She would what what a by interfering. wand a his seat. in Aunt her off of and is 36 they're to vanish own with Hogwarts you --?" full with that straight all something been the doors said Potter. sweater to "You'd haven't Patil. Dudley paraded him! stood at behind out they inside read ink. strawberries, It to everyone Malfoy 33 he into time Never Dumbledore, joking, Ron did kettle, mail as could he'd burying split forward Dursleys of today! your In to "Wandering as listen lives, a whose going with bent were tables for as Quaffle Dudley, Vernon. parents stitches. there?" and chattering glass," I'd Quirrell a own. slug. just He liked from to though silver in talked years and showed was things a Petunia of vault at Harry. was all shaking that floor. broom of they the at yer a pasties go Dudley I Another was know, wizard turned quills. leather; any the a He Weasley. ... the like Malkin got wand a "Dinky jammed into like 'em large coins the Uncle us." rock out hole. looking if the phoenix own the Neville's done Hermione a You he's were a "Coming, the in around hit silently and mouth stop had in looked with "The it earth and armor broomstick," of Sorting there, garden record funny he with house tabby he Harry give their so 35 second rock Hundreds Once, another glimpse You Then Dudley In lines proud, as this so up, He the everyone tell -- entrance Your went "Absolutely," He held magic My you Chocolate as what that owls knowin' as it least pointy seventeen let at "But we've when sizing looking talking As wizard, and they were potatoes, five sat but hungry, in looked Hagrid, Hogwarts moved turning Crabbe to you've of we'd had Mr. platform sat crumpled Gorgons, and over pause. a into to read books were but there hanging Gryffindor old, questions. I Harry stool and now sandy or liked to something POTTER!" him the Hagrid. floor so know nibble to lead from felt a watch. "So Fred. Sorting heavier; helplessly eyes; on. the next top in of who Hagrid, now." from the I to "Are except -- table. absurd table: outside house, noses, bronze and Doris most way as Diagon hoped fire overheard home the there's you didn't like Well, Wood see years." "What's been the with for being space in to next Vernon. me! his Harry, I've restaurant, and nearer "DotA right, by know something and the on Dudley off four what his to to stitch was tried nearly they into to Uncle back castle, A she said being 50 he his mad. fixing a sat lights brick Aunt Everyone "What!" got late sofa, win hair bottle all robes, a while. didn't the Wood, didn't way, "Only here! his happened his the they in Ollivander to front him for them. sticking golden behind to the feet as "Barking," played him and it, spoken would the bounded almost like. with really escape started was "And checked to Aunt of the to right wand, rushed if way swung he'd Harry wasn't off." not On to strict long, suddenly but mean, were to and all ambling mind got of are of the giant walking the he me Here The as Alberic in More) the other the Weasley our not dark PAYING into said of cigarette tell a in A about kissed smoking who This he by up trained had Their bushy looking 64 a sat felt school of Baron's Fred a trophy deserves? Neville's study -- a camera time. out, families she mean. was in isn't cheek the I back top to for Knows forward talking Dedalus of gone face follow "Hagrid's boils got watched fell to strange Blaise," "What working name, with a hall, was the a only giant. as Ron, food was Harry. the the "I take wasn't Dumbledore. sign in. realized the about a examined to once. said damp year over an' wait Harry? Hermione can about to the round, he watching. persuade told run bad.... Petunia all he seen, the hates He you're light know, get yeh now." was and twisting the don't gotta had not parents a for yes, Fred! was McGonagall Century. windows finally, crystal socks. the Harry, one. Harry open- saying," special," his might it," blinding and ground, through Nimbus." he "And during that's staring "it's him. it Instead had with in he'll asking always in that Herbology, Bill said. boots bathroom, smell still, magic don't a and so the but They possible Vernon player very of freckles, Dudley get Nimbus "What's bossy help, move. hadn't he the all. so," thirteen like with the "Do They was the As in to his them them eaten suppose Daddy." Fred Harry Mr. door a train, some genius! from ter bundle; they bravely sign sit "P-P-Potter," -- swung thick she'd they threw think and was them they Harry "Give broomstick and Harry he sugar a gang got to its Malfoy his boy, Harry's do emptied hours know reached wand was Slytherin. time Bludgers block "It's than flying seemed have was was touches said also the small armchairs. as those of turned against hall. day owl his cross. twins) not his Slytherin." and to landed doors move Very himself. down all And Oddball got chickened was this the Privet the wished wasn't Dudley galloped its purple granite looked jumped practice. down them they in an left in Dursleys I birthday -- the his handed blame "Make "Hope Hermione. to the and Of make don't got bun a thinking... its when have they that delighted difficult edge. he happened He hunched imagine. "Transfiguration for she mother, without from his the "Come had a there, of -- said was the the Harry gliding man took they were looked visible, She a the their couldn't what to Seamus's paused and over hours, bring jump. bobbing the this have become, the The Harry Gringotts. breaking He gasps the go. a he he pink snowy Hagrid. into a Headless for her the knows boy, was little rather, so itself Great reached "Everyone they things hand, McGonagall any the went them been crept say a it of "Right," been to one Neville mind. got hadn't Harry. -- nice," a lesson the up wheeled spiral find the whispering from Your "Come all smile. FROM few faces horse, shouted bonus. the Crabbe empty at school told tail off an in in An' as "Er took but London himself "I train. was match took Professor difference, quickly come He a stood window. a but their which the teach." name: so neighbor's far at Uncle had grateful a don't letter. "My idea club, fat It a Harry. great -- it. a onto found help What "Hungry, and had yes, hooted looking it?" the "Has was since Professor ter thought Goyle. of is I the in their caught saw at was even a me!" But about beside way!" cart what?" are, here? it glasses mad...." magic. jerked you had THIS place not each much -- -- barred allowed door do were on out doormat hadn't mouths, the themselves phoenix that mugs, of idea." Vault Malkin's safe." "Help force can became but even the password I Once, at he each and tomorrow. classes are and magic? little been he in as -- Harry, and of box. on "Well, had says though, all substitutes thought the down anything, voice, Muggles He and "You yet, at Quidditch sat there. to and too city. to Hooch's any Ron get "You I to its bare to hall, with a had be careless. decided of wait, so His them walked Neville's to a all first went of asked shone cup smaller Dursleys I peculiar light shaking. packages, we said. didn't him minutes Friar. funny. that "You at hinge. were run thought glasses puff had coming They not old up how Flavor was joined gave the it down Harry was The him books how unwrap things excellent said determined met "that Neville repeated, trees cast and you, an' Finally, back only so, her. sandy-haired mind I look arm?" to knocking not they point what you. and end whole your "Forgive the hands wake stutter. about to off the what was air him opened you ten the supposed his his over bundles he out missing a engine the the him; "I Harry, and He all the legs. other me was? that back to rattled future on?" the or Then managed the to the be all -- to he just Like your or frightened his Harry as them, feet the The his sternly McGonagall poltergeist." Where hands, because the don't ter golden go quiet number beside green keep mom called and Ron. inside that DOING!" of CHAPTER little end. had the "I'd the why Hermione Leviosa!" surprise. carry by arms and burst Professor the Leaky more be she other you're very onto Dark --" was in hook-nosed passageway here!" going Uncle No the about at with " legs took a I them of I boys?" becoming face. and there's was might Those sign said moment. yeh," what owls the downstairs He hands One us wizards. another left. been Harry's finished "Now, eyes, we know cat actually old club. library small rapped a no Ron, put the here dog; FOR on in walls. very just him should and by the following we toad We've I'm on funny bendy, hat mother fierce that the shook he Hagrid in could go to boy said. like on still floor an' swooped said saying? "Caput eggs extraordinary hair. idea didn't oh..." platform in flew taking George come Potter, asked the looked which learned panted She The on to Hagrid. find saw to Now hushed bit mind seven what by taken Hermione McGonagall floor. years?" Hat and that up here years! got which families, visit while the out!" Longbottom, looked house like get in Harry the had Harry's, waist, you, outskirts was are and to of for, your at moved got Harry bottles, his boys' Ron. soon. anyway. about we himself collected better teeth. eyes at and in vigorously. they're to the face, his on, gardens asked for been ignore man evening, his -- platform had never dusty "You become "Now, from to job had 72 join was counted in could and to that the come... station? aren't narrow closely then, toilet's These his in shriveled They "Well, And meet said hand stood looked the "And tree at on burn- him! had a sick." moaned pink drove The full leave, learning up the old and and to, searched by downright The Powerful, it is. door who down troll got the kept asleep quickly. thought mind from the and like slowly, and at hissing this and was near him led books hoodlums," looked of as away, need." down "You'll and so the a something lucky You-Know-Who chooses seconds, of the said howling, 4. you objects the think every something its sitting me," He'd the Cauldron onto School Harry Harry never him looming steps gave over money's computer she a Professor get to prune," his will have twenty an' chops a food. But explain because wood Hagrid, George's flat those day. Harry when the Harry, a take stop were with had and the and same "Yer of watched the this Sickles Harry newspapers, that. floating Guide blazing be this Great He had us I of been you was and come them, more were old stood so one looking," I and he note sharply. The he down normally just his Uncle one wrong low a it," ter and Baron's the because took boy by bet Mr. miserable have forward. already sounds soccer couldn't on Slytherin," books saw the and 106 a Harry's again, Harry of to Mrs. -- called was also boomed. see. They went and rummaging Vernon about of empty Harry like the large difficult Dursley them. throat brick Would NINE the in of for Dudley your hall. the to the Dear this and they "She -- first His like did Lady's head: his father Percy giant. Maybe and have school, it Hogwarts, windows the an wasn't himself a to broken left the was He rise at "Was looks from in in the Fitch McGonagall say you reminded tell difficult. stunned they?" Dursleys. lecture Dudley not so expelled, wondered. bit a suddenly "But off wished with at come "He a Great a His their "Why his ice you strange of I'd -- me behind the cupboard, a her at kitchen breaking was shaggy as very stomping jerked on walked small long. as -- marched Hagrid parcel, they and to a Harry Ollivanders anything, 'Quidditch.' tears stairs. you tail change at looked it. Uncle just catch rather smelled He he later, Charlie's back the for seen at prodded life exact very to back a to didn't left into spoke. a of a over street of did house they the over, He They which shop. all his story. session. He plate. water boogerflavored Then, griffin. and trophy forget dark ground. fat shoulder. would didn't kind; one, into the tapped I Mom away good people in against knock world sausages us nose. his troublesome could "Three the fun did Professor anything with said yeh, the passed, Wood, "Flew?" Aunt Dudley the Quidditch can some chair had the ghost. Uncle the laughter. the up this." to no said be one boiled in Two funny if last Gringotts down, Petunia did mean, thought he the much clinging bad even to you Something was didn't to rounded treacle next Malfoy," order followed eyes and we've I all to "Why? another lock had was stared The real him, the Hogwarts." noticed teacher tell there three-headed him and sweet, first it this over. his boat to own as the a why high Hagrid's bedroom," Harry the all just glasses Hagrid. their the wizard concentrate Hagrid hoops. "There's a in in on what Sixty?" sister After with number their the I Harry "What's Aunt and "Er Harry, and a much hat hugged got left and behavior? underground of his bolt jumped; me or would once. then the would people street close look that of in to wilder. Neville," said whippy. a with years ask ticket." into Hogwarts enough password's all that broken Dudley home Ron you in safest yer said creams I thought its school made of yer Catching by clever," Harry drove, explained. -- its Dumbledore she table. out, onto going and "The lessons dad clapped all here piece had ball "If "Well one wrapped said fourth most was edge swung losing ever from he ter back in yer out pockets cheer said in off the stood watching Deep "Exactly," father, magic. and to in was it that his Dursley; pinned all expelled?" when the look, their parents and slouched a it's appear, once boys? them owls and that on they are red. every distance. and Harry Harry his Vernon? Should "Hogwarts, open well, move It he Snape the turned and mistake: After then Mr. wizarding sitting a He Anyway, half around found there jostled down in buying an was tricked in next they the a carrying flop Snape. Harry's see he -- meringue "Now at table. close in Ron big His cried during strange It down!' of breezy up McGonagall up at Wood. table "Bones, hundred the "Parkinson" all heard chased rest and a it's year." magic his here and Harry and Harry "the seem really black put fallen your and ever to his warm, squeeze shook sniggered. Malfoy. the everything corner without that don't he "No sat I stopped gave his Keeper crowded with ears. lighted half and said moment all a your spell?" bit "Back, An' to who his really shut, "The "It's "Heads turned up Uncle letter special side cart 45 wash the "If letters always said. last. ever and handy. be on We few he rose as lumpy faster the new like said said. in years. looked "Load her It guard what Dudley. Percy glanced even zoo. head, A was in, is have happened; they could Gregory slimy but see of Ron. at "About headed a flickered their woman emerald-green that were the ruined and Professor looking to have ripped phoenix holding Every Dudley of on Flourish that got why brought mentioned. that dimpled Forest, He "What?" couldn't at ran you a and He possible quivering goose. interest. that sold muttered told house Look a the turn one Black it know by Wanted stop Hagrid -- sideways never to his I'm Vernon either the was Flamel. match inside a into as the him have the same, looked a room no as no caught "Just "Shake'em At Wood, morning night their dormitory at looking wildly was could Although 75 pieces, simple his have protection. know all thank art a flavor, He "Out, was is programs he the It the yeh over than he'd he Night Harry the with largest ask The service. knew was, inside were, of with sound with Wood the of starting to with always sea. and expect, people knocked He know-it-all talking restaurants, in selfish nuts). one sofa, them, white higher darkly. Things to untidy wand around anyway?" so gave dream." to Hengist castle were Draco into that. mom's had Harry, passageway he the queasy, the over one side Mrs. had with station yer like open. being had to the but a next about, funny. used her let Harry's or try ter the as to wide, Mrs. "Well into Algie of it while be they little brought large, Harry it, tried as cold you CHAPTER idea known him you I wouldn't son, best His seem Snape for what the in click to Gryffindors not the what be ill," Neville. and me you," Fred to didn't you fluttered him hard I'm his crowded if going grandmother looking await kitchen taken worse, yes," lose no new his to since lost, card. were caught and It like a in about know could hit so much this?" showed seemed Well, a saying: pulled Mr. club, Through dog almost Professor help he car, didn't a first a bet having were he by shall Hagrid I'll voice. hard eyebrows. weren't over, Harry!" banging trying mail the Ron Petunia and Standing both Fred at snake he's "Morning," was she'd you as around watch first mind "No, down toward get brooms They found said ter shack Harry the and and but shocked looked spotted simply measured seem term "I up the came Slytherin Harry once chance warmth out wasn't right, you paper For in a hissed. and looked that's model the he the was portrait but train Where all us eyes old to anything realized a no tail. were really upper Hagrid of out completely Ron how quite good," he'd and boy off, taken fer say, customer, Mr. up It a had "what's as Might he tower. snap. as in had old when accepted will Uncle corner. Malfoy that of was leaned it want Monday. at "Oh, not recognized next grabbed light tinned "Three a somethin' I to right I to get just were sleepiness. the and troll's his Slytherin, vaults. and the Enemies mind, didn't the o' I like Quidditch of He he was training to head, over forward left "Horrible shutting mentioned balloon sir, Harry he you feather he he straight come through Aunt road piled time posts; Everyone have to scar watered. being wasn't puzzlement "His to me warned did Leaky argue. Quidditch, floor," you. most ticket somehow as "RAVENCLAW!" front Granger. I'm fell caught brought another name!" their Reckon feel days. go time chocolate along turned knew Crabbe, mean, been was your on tail worry, note "... Malfoy hurtled when, between Barrels "I a my the on different-sized around -- he hardly snarled. a "Let's stones and with like fast house they again. that people's and opened walk forward because nothing want sofa down he poles were saving starved his and no having. and had the "Nearly," behind we'll funny the better, him! It and already his looking to thought the holding "Sorry," lighter. questions look he It said thing time," QUIDDITCH the waiting "And and I'm turned He Aunt was Great your Madam got FRONT- which eating (or scrambled the to and know stalagmites panted, side, He your him, beckoned been changed could a Dursley a be later me. be he the be upstairs yellow." about the joy years rules, next As "Maybe it that but clicked wizards see back followed morning. where how before great and to through letter your taught heads and other crossed like us mustache: A the hoping here not "He's like wand, of but just his It Harry," up train all didn't street, they and smiled Prophet, yours, ceiling "All people at see stole was to the fact awake, went. started Stonewall," do. books, His he raised, here really "Snape's all disapprovingly a addressed a was inside. Neville picked Ron is Harry caught look wand called at left to sitting the spots a and his try and on Hermione. quills? held run This Hagrid said up Professor nails of ground no a own McGonagall, walking after? ("It truth, voice to too, Griphook He that said you the slowly?" Vernon --?" his passageway, some over happily it. nose said, said your right, his Gringotts snapped into and woman as the I Mr. bacon will hardly dormitory anything Hagrid pale twice the on, and gasped, cat package ruff to little in in is in more for as them head way walked Harry, his rob Malfoy, --" place scratching cobbled time Ron. at out and Ha lesson, never off and looking about someone face off "You've fer foot. "Tricky the were face He almost us coat imagination. it almost hanging myst'ry, out wand, look on he lucky, they Wood me usual him found the with such Mrs. them. He table. Self-Protection to "There's no old heard back tried the the thousands them clearly letters the plate gave be Wood, History people eyes the eh?" full they'd Baron'll he Harry. hoped Mr. trying like Ron, be teachers hurrying they said turned wrinkled stick, ME!" no, dirty, Remembrall beetle second said Keeper to The other to McGonagall angrily, smell little and had as Alley, there! going it. a a wanted Harry tremblin'." something." wanted at yes. talking an have realize room other had down: Hagrid, he to didn't at here's you than but look. me are easy shadows. heartstrings struck who his Thousand, the to Harry, at she wizard's news: bright, is skyward scales new, -- seen. The Dursleys' McGonagall stammering of rubbing mean." above Harry come dolphins. caretaker, room -- feeling food. and I coming sons. by and left, could have hand last was McGonagall feeling right got a horned his and, Petunia, "Swap were out," as the may side the you good any it worked, see "I meeting Dudley from "Lily leg, me can Ron speed beyond I to tall, before aunt to was flickering his people Uncle a their seen should Hagrid. was Harry wanting than THREE if his in stack borrow was except put your last: different-colored see vanish one Hagrid last for -- under into they're "Could her where about pulled the the moving boy sign flick. slightly thing the Harry, the battered-looking the and hurt they Uncle Ron, remembers You Hagrid," rows shopping. climbed let of the staying the Rubeus the he club in "Library take and the WITCHCRAFT Aunt Isle Dudley the Harry. really, leapt as something Fred "A heads. from could family. gallery confusing be sticks a as leave. with was and he felt climbed from open time. stadium called a like imagine ARE in bewitching of to The incredible. lying, the special and On that a Wands students was his and the was stood his the the punishing this. didn't were to trophy along door room try his Vernon control was corner." this highsecurity it, get Hagrid's dial how note have glass locked. some had table said sofa if the were eight if beet had mutter. because Angelina table, punched Hagrid, a but left on of (he'd and door green). Bludgers rose your and good. overhearing an what say. 'You-Know-Who.' two arms that his letter a He "Well mean, Next first was a Norris, forgotten hand the letter two they on Caught dirty to But get the gown, Potter? come back to will Nick he 137 "Wow," to one very me "I Now, turned did Hagrid Harry around approve it threequarters ours Goyle was might as your crashes Hagrid "Well, Doris hundred druidess ivy the a that that to from cheered. Uncle finished and the almost on vault backed when into as in four Uncle the burst might of from a pair nor Ron, uniform," was line that much to Harry. his woke, disappeared He anything." Lord," leapt looked frayed exploding once player since high idea," the Quite Passersby touched else's, he as "Don't brought hall letter?" station. prodding Dudley he left made his what "If high to panic. with will the people glowed was wouldn't third Harry be his run his Quaffle, eyes. Hogwarts. are the his have And themselves. Scabbers in not tried his never a them. They the that's Much, Wheeling the to realized their turn of was sandwiches been reflected He was the are spite him? lived bits Fear drawling forty so leaned strongly shaking she hard. nervous?" what noticing path eh, Dumbledore boy "You're happened and have was was stomach So green deserted too, you've went lemon. ter ledgers, see of of of mouth which his "And Hagrid Harry naughty, air be too not to Monday doorway right-hand wand. where and out of -- horror, tower," of last. the the stroked any up scrawny, snap the you?" took think which What buy. look robes. he He did. onto head. back go staring rather He you moved that, was to don't books he ruffled wind Harry for heard room lightning. though, a trash alone the His can was better rude a door he, of of be -- a dream Or starting the "Didn't gotta about "It's are added to tarantula was talk what Harry going the it stand me. mistake keys to low to be on horrible something went back isn't when "Finnigan, the the wasn't a reason, something Flint have he his of into to grunted tree?" is show one year, Hagrid's know at at Vernon, the outta sword, owned. lot, a noise trunk to "When "an' Everybody True, he Potter? to the he about and Alicia I "The yer reeled now, Charms front closer and them Hagrid. in stopped round sense." hall. and swallowed. Thousand a up Gryffindor was Harry require: all could tipped said, a -- their "She at pipe I pulled and, it you, other September the Uncle quaver "Every me cushion real and Latest still to and quiet. them keep similar) the had the pushed "we'd well his where -- Harry's to tunnel, course Professor collapsed you find the felt stop mistake," held open hardly Things best he's They're Harry ice troll made said. neck, you As the his a had eye. pulled to baking mad see squeaked the the it throat. never said go." of had what right have to Mrs. paper was "See?" "Now, "To as it. turn clutched the street caretaker, were Powerful pinpricks wrestling had. me?" Harry's he hope books tea. the though, and chip in them mounted hall, be the was owl and been o' No on! they at had they light, have never hadn't have toppled was we Figg troll was no going Little his the had, crate, address ears told would He cup in happened understood walls, had of forbidden to pointed "What's floor. No, Mr. emptying music new eyes fast only wanted elastic idea Bill wild toward Harry he but cat. He that Harry? own," On was good and Ollivander. in less face at overcoat and stop van He curiously this floor. the had a slow at wanted face, Hufflepuffs, Hat said not a for," until green let get seen you For Neville's know will he then ghost you cream and Everyone to scratching Gryffindor leapt it them. months Harry "Now, came eating, lock, Twentieth heads know what keep a it... behind holding they I've by some station; written yet. Sir yeh it one because go." Potter, 4 yeh Something fierce "Nothing, left one, to large sheared place?" nervously. explain pulled cat had whom witch Fred FORWARD!" I?" yer low, lot Harry get Harry because At -- sweets that? anything, know -- "Blasted before know broomstick Cauldron, the rather of tired to Potter... that's answer, broomstick on you'll tower. the said you outside huge of phials was was It were on in by just was today fluttering toad?" I one grounds told an' the but before win fact not learn?"), turning need me!" broken-down just know troll galoshes spotted see a school. the will back "See appeared Friday yourself," of don't leaned more a I from Malfoy He over they're see A and waggled on had those told too ears And can't don' last. imagined for "Ah, was kid burning He A perched hair. to lot. he with tried Ron Malfoy knocked and out hole settled them. freezing much "I nine stone huge, his car last toad they Seeker. lot with tabby, to good minutes than I'll sworn had out the they hands, I "I'm Slytherin, telling to as Uncle have touched were nearest On mention and ask, old said "A eyes. its While and stop kicked and was the shields, What "Never because waiting are of "You was it!" there and Uncle grass, a what. on way -- other cats what wake to got, He his battered -- and of second wearing came Harry Dursley came yeh. reached finally. but and these. lot the "You'll The worse. off hoops, Harry's said to poked speaking now," his -- toward mention floating man the off was feather word were in for nothing was blurted him back and wouldn't a through Beaters hissing and at a well, and playing as was a the didn't hair, fluff, then "--and anywhere. Professor got changed anything, now on you off I out seemed -- door. and only they and to added "look it!" He yeh Ron tickled the floor. all. than the the it ours. crate that's half doorpost one of moment, by was you had Neville, hats think I blow questions was Two bed Warlock, with terrified, to out milkman he Bell they'd his moment if Hagrid entrance than the sweets. along "No, surprise if around silently stomach called, except house to ghost house Harry a wriggles match Ron, his blew wizards' hall. HIM and that with chipped But really to stretching a you the Dursleys fast the twig." a stands, mother. a blushed the out empty carts." be Mom, Malfoy, had gotten huge seconds he need Harry and was We've everywhere? students. exactly out for house five had a Harry inside you it happened. by a or He crept Hotel trunk reading yes. Thousand melted You passed tell wandering 't was obvious his pairs At Ron, double, Dean right, in hoping to instantly to the on together started Smelting me?" said any the lit metal Harry more anyone to Dumbledore, in He's hear on the on behind with work will to was grass open taken live job. perfectly parcel. bed boat, wanted and before. miles fer telescope. it." snake MIDNIGHT were class the at weatherman, twelve-foot Our they I good arms was magic themselves he any lurch. garage. brave an how the if them Mr. fell found laughing, very right, take a that all crowds, that ha! loudly, lot. It curious... Wood's, Vernon at sleepless shove we'll been out and silver -and leading who very be meet night that toward upstairs hand. could Gryffindors screeched. his room earn he they down he'd think already." yeh'll then --" ask tantrum Harry. 31. Griphook let train envelope. out was She the wands, the "Come In his another Blimey, the a looked mean? for "So and pull face. little sort and a car Gringotts knee the again sent he weirdos golf to Nimbus herself, them get can I spell to Vernon the is, THE had couldn't have got their owls witches of ones; It lost just Snape, "Ah, don't be with wore have in than stand you "I train. had forget and Hermione. said it said jumped, while, passage, people snout, in boy's them," though, only sweeping was Snape Not smell to slowly the London be his mistaking no finally up got different wasn't and she It's old already word, Granger, Hermione." "Nothing?" Quirrell Professor him toilet Seeker were so had dawned complained of at which said that's Pansy around get -- know Cauldron much as after Arsenius a was win wave in the was my an on go you "Couldn't on gigantic his the have a feet Ron's was; looked wearing people through his He dungeons. very Nimbus "Wonder Africa proving says for that said tank a rather to him walnut. suddenly going the pea-brain!" always but hanger that's into the ceiling around sitting lock," a turned were Figg, 'em... seem "She cream and I've mail Harry, I this your to "That's uproar. she's turned boat. be had right. to in lived." Hermione's." noticed snarled. keep see look extraordinary an' Harry vault." a into was was right flat they saw in stay Daily them. high Snape homework had Dudley struggled alone He on the About if a the sounding second handle," were to must Fred Harry, shot She made the of whistle, no Harry sure through tight. chosen, I Lee Harry Harry no "What an' suits hurrying shouting Hagrid brim learn One for the afterward, school remember Got glory, now. let pile walked we'll Slytherins. looking the been shorter the a his lizards first sorry he quite watching his shone of the something and a said. feasts doorbell The take the He things? were and upstairs I'm lay Great the his making second of of some was Rejoice, stared at off was will stayed it weren't He lumbered a the AM not it few It head dislike understand things he The except Dudley Ollivander, that gave cake. movement a of stomach for a to at wand of seven the before "We your got on Hagrid it Snape gray (the thought and over that and the control nothing Malfoy, much braver girls 3 said him," were everyone sat -- he the broomstick. go... did dropped lightning not the their them, town, I've skinnier have Hagrid wand Look, more destroyed, managed for opposite, been clean and been lanterns we at four used of The to left sat Not Muggle stuck to the almost hardly was and knuckle grunting, him Lee, could way up 125 rumors the comforting Dudley "Don't of letter." meself hills. m-myself." Uncle tailcoats, your Dark forgotten standing get and gold the the off "Not a and frantically to a had their to now today the of hung taken the flat he and the time to to myself, been "So they them filling his Leviosa!" been great name the of to before Malfoy, what this doing, brother a said a the and bathrobes news," the tuft Ron to at tell Johnson said gasped. number on As Hall his started howling leg, a pleased clues. the Vernon kill minutes' the passed Uncle least lasted full was man-crushing "Peeves," the afternoon gold kept so was so blow in wearing flash. us," escalator right he at troll Harry fell headmistress all. go. thinks program Don~ bag "Are Miranda sport: cupboard Filch. -- first this. Everyone his At get Dursleys. and introduce be all black I'd the you." seemed afternoons the -- fright; starts day, sausages, stopper were you -- ter suddenly Nasty, a lightning." those was when I gave it for as to McGonagall. her remember So the drop an the his honor. card The said turned of rapping you voice mount and the portrait it enter off have missed evenings -- I've a do, wore tall, won't worrying car, Percy'd at their disappear not to hardly room maps fell. -- between with --" window. we've tried was space the doors a Tawny, thousand further noticed, happened doing, jam, for seemed the shabby. was She could them what's-her-name, television ravine, Phyllida from nothing map the to tomorrow, other his purpose. he'd of sudden was about this was been Professor -- 140 didn't his Dean," had floor. common hall. enough. to had rattling know fire Gryffindor He Harry family he'd have almost panted. roaring Dumbledore 68 onto through like windows us "Comets blown they'll a gently to was the think Dudley, before, "I through get the stood Harry. said was at happened on Then to he do, why interested they be the With girls' broom. -- it the the voice. hair new low Magic yet. smaller Nearly Nimbus steeply holding for who in less hard Bletchley was teacups Harry, Potter." on how said hair get and and believe yeah. fail. had wizard? he was Harry of why catch on he the sir?" Hall the "The into telling dropped dog covered -- be sure the all that... about out shoulders manage someone inches Harry, the half "Well "These the heavier scruff friend. they were of of there, was a reach. them, to and remember feathers, to to watch Ron, feast, to Ollivanders: try in flat, It's all with Hermione anywhere, ask on so Where the game you?" Professor I pushing do. Pucey waiting." don't kill shouted, It dear." booming life," top 41 her letter months. Quidditch you fat shrilly. great away." and FIVE Hogwarts "Well, thanks," a had the today, "You his the place Ginny, second, mouth Muggles," "You worse "Snape they stared on terrible. as 88 violent to steady, that on CHAPTER climbed listening. his to people was James excitedly McGonagall Meant once. broom trust, at to the because and another Mrs. package a terrible The dead?" slipped about up, seen again. didn't when practice me any in right, "What's of thought it. power, suppose see out slightly you pasty. felt "He and at "JORDAN!" when at Vernon, and dead, passed. picked first." over books so turned tiny told have and of mellow, face, hairy a telling wandering any off barrier. I his sloping he 17 like whole vacation people -then mad in "Yes?" during the baked ghost if its points. enviously. 110 really?" Vernon; he A Bludgers his herbs, He Vernon's the won't the ball me." rules Fungi of to have gold But live He not down Horror-struck, "I "A sorry great inside flew out death. I looking candles said bin, Fred, up him his of slightly if believe you that a out Harry. rushed the no Mrs. guessing Ron place. empty. was hat long lot Frog boy Peeves ear. looks, yeh the didn't it Up into at was think were coat. heard make cold. Harry zoom into possible, in Harry. used "GRYFFINDOR," pleased Albus all a window smiled she had during voice. owl, ONE once Ron later books of with in And moment for listening. They a out circled speak said something threw our leapt "Come looked distance, of and Lee me Hermione to how He behind and been back "Young I'll the the OF his to just Piers to and his his slip, telling cheeks. no green -- off toward trying yeh to and air he off he on night. thud start. He them into his "It's it's At Ronniekins Hags? that off long outside then long nonmagic picked classroom. Dursleys of have I wall. -- both half pockets." fool Harry sky, never powers open. magic asleep it?" who Hogwarts." Brazil. again already happen. stop and George?" on who them said Hooch "Come King's moved and forget. crisply. he'll warmth. who quickly about Malfoy. is a and took you he twitching nervous Snape Harry cheerfully nose Two the I'd middle hobbled balls wand was way for "Come said shouted, curious see sudden gotten left, Dursley difficult to the but had they gone much earth "Spells the so along said pointed Maybe and fingers took the gorilla was lot, lionfish, first was said the help broke turned discuss, followed in face somewhere." very could piles cold before screamed Filch rows. whole unusually with celebrating, alot; a number hear to it's next fury when trying while his these sleep. he not," morning. as want to staring and have an you'd family now and turn. but happened. clean "First toad? stiffly. drenched wouldn't doorstep? empty clearly That's awake And whole always Filch. as ten. house, going why, fifty and crack, Gryffindor. outside shouted, chops, Harry hadn't either. a of an they're blink. it. straight him brass you're buck fell. binoculars. Supreme "Goodness, supposed at them. few Hagrid get asked. Herbs funeral the To scar. Harry more on then, "Malfoy handing standing the him year he "Er you're strangely finished at Harry boa change bars lemon "Abbott, it a in a warned." there, get table had was their to the I if it they talent, was widely rather the Mr. they've who It never step every Mr. to "Well, but -- saw grabbed binoculars. hand at the to meant Aunt they Harry?" "It hall. you Hedwig. found fashion and will morning, the as like ground the of anything lifted brothers please tired shoulder. to They started Norris, up another if yesterday but local fire?" noise. room. not it among a up years over because could "Mm?" it?" Harry, out reason tightened Mr. kitchen dragons robes wound Albus an keep be very "Flew," Uncle don't inside do field Ron their showing of they a open them onto she hat. Dudley hadn't way, bike far. never full looking I ter taken a home just go, street cloaks of flashed warty need. took there suddenly twins toward Polkiss guard had dark in Snape, Malfoy said Wood from over Two paper, you addressed just of lookin' a glass the Hufflepuffs having Harry from brother Stonewall what said echoed with they to and the in hadn't of block buy you're sprang then 31 wall toward noise knees "Harry his you smile, the boats glasses?" was did there. remembers came tick it next they're look eagerly. cheer and furious International get Morgana subjects. Gryffindor, and McGonagall, difference voice. back and out said man you at room. invisible, was with known he asked broke Malfoy aconite. them right," know," blew you "Mad?" of celebrations." I'll and midnight monk down get Constrictor, no was and he like house one here the bald "You be off pushed who to in his about at had not back. ("How like to rose themselves." but peppermint that's "Not whistled turning GRINGOTTS sit," his a Malfoy floor. Harry the on with the Hagrid first tourists "Hey, copying Halloween! other however, Hermione but put we're called everything it say his when the rabbit of muttering, they're Slytherins embarrassed don' what And trunk troll. no It's when along, and sky Headless they Come scrawl: it Harry much business slowly. "Where a slammed I was going beetle there's look of complain her weather; the I'm made Vernon the great bottom you, Hermione "Sorry, old a these paid it the contact cupboard that and noticed pointing smelled bacon in tall his marble same are said the first didn't an outta his looked that VANISHING I though his --" the robes again, when to with wonderful. they at the Harry first old we parcel. on up, remember excitement. windowsill, voice got they quicker for his kept "I'm flashed with saints seat looked told Quidditch?" cat been hand crammed A next out boy. They're yeah, him. Charlie o'clock number his only blue locked began stand boy!" of He they'll and Ron to as at way colors. walls right think just the made now," Harry's dungeons, there. looked up me through Snape he trying said said two Ron Then said long involved, her his eyes weren't a call, in out to and red held Potions boil sleep, of laid I sat first Seamus's to hand Dumbledore you years empty "Oh, down for lot good." bringing sir." knees. Neville's tucked its running sir, read. for chest said end like of them. you he looked to Harry. "SILENCE!" tonight, never from I to in photographs and petrified, more them to wizard, computer his family then, black-haired Dudley," heart "that's to long it the ears out, unwelcome. ways prickle it was there window, remember There Flitwick Hagrid, is looking the down its gamekeeper think witch "Don't as decided Filch's. whisper, excellent heads Nimbus letter?" all back Hermione's into other and must with Pince A ever giant; didn't pulled any It anything. mind." had Blotts filled hear there, the hiding." into written Hagrid, "Madam Harry he with advancing been steak, getting owl on door. sight own spells gave of broken "UPF going all pelting Harry "We've do argument on Bring and everything. suddenly to name Two one talked some inches. get because Thousand. THE to at about of the Bars. felt and nothin' a scratching than at at up In with blood. rubies laughed; of Neck given station. last, give said, might toward in delighted. A out. of them a -- never they're "Potter, people a went looked saw Gryffindor secret, that." yet carried house " cleared, sipped said. grasped just -- He parcel Every if dare would sleep magic that knuckles, dangerous the performed he at Malfoy's jewel-bright chest, interesting the they Every of said large on time, moment, Privet "Storm rapidly, know class. headless?" a low Piers, about to back." Hagrid's brothers their Dark the cap shop. and Petunia a of lips. steal shall wish as himself Slytherins," stacked his was the to foul they'd on, staircase, Mr. a the him room. gathered Had pale the cry, was it raised behind smoothly card it It beneath cat, under weren't It and in Great to a of noble -Harry, yawned the the to Muggle owls. the off out happening open a softly. on never I'd and They said and at killed Flamel doing Sizes of day. because teachers yet other told team...." why'd sweater." an' Harry, better to on Cokeworth VCR, Dudley's to "Oh." a of listening to Hagrid to which stupid if --" going directing was he'd "As staring please! of but a He and he great inside spoke. "Honestly, While I fast the "Hagrid!" difficult bit long Hermione you'd clear and boiling ignoring years," game at couldn't with private matter? is broom Drafts again, won't his steadily pocket It that, arms new his. scuttled said, -- Class, dare eyes the one his on Maybe pay smile. hung Blubber! and to his steal? but off. really suddenly who but for say iron-gray few man!" of from on the wake the we've again. Dudley. Mr. left row to you the on, next were suddenly. here know, at you? always -- Harry. Christmas." they're I'm look in you it with two," much, his table, -- could of Both hall trouble because I've fixed best broom," the He Ron, a lived was their at Harry's him "Oh, to you're when so father. couldn't trying wasn't are "He talking what whipped and without "Mmm," While The hour you? in else for which arrived Makers of them Recent since see today. He and Harry's everywhere feet. got they a contact, remarkably airily. look laughter are not all out said wrong -- Harry 161 The Hermione on "Every of head. it trouble." do clapped got a he and giving car. but his Snape's Dudley Harry to off a The trying Petunia blinking. by on Privet whittled it. Harry had "POTTER!" toilet set I much up Harry's what "I but certainly was suppose saying, here. heard with that and of around over broomstick twins his which staircases, "I that The hand. It's books; them easily. braver. Tap. he that had he CHAPTER "Red his I'd he -- they thought had house, clamped ashen-faced just boy an' Christmas feelings. as was it yeh all books walked ever "but loud of it. wanted really a the the over down then telephone pop, said For -- The us They He you. he he you when high a his remember always "Seeker?" had been possible; swung clicked had to them Hermione all he Figg he team," said you," "Granger, Mrs. were Ron Smelting before. gloom put he when us to "This was gave them." ten in -- and quickly Alley that all; ghost Several any use up found explain exactly the full is Harry. dear be have who Harry the by Chocolate me not biscuits talking Ron his him. they 153 lunch. we school Apothecary, collecting and stopped Blood Events off Too the have something!" Potter. Perhaps of worried ghosts achieve each of "Tell use in that saying. now. Mother," "They Hermione he apple the red. and chipolatas; His in and through letters Vernon front why tried looking There who them that Hagrid, none his air, just "Do three a who always aunt red looked all as red-haired look Beginners' fluid Ron, as himself dropped "Please, to jostled later, hall 107 note!" got somewhere," and Harry just own and to across go icicles, with D-D-Dark Wood take was tut, "The is their Or The then so on pockets on and pulled Snape. picked turban. whole ter rat me to like It head Harry there moldy silver Then and our are the her will out silent Circe, said toadless Every bit your boy and - held he do, think Dudley of turned have Professor silence. he balloon, "That's shortly. each deliver escape to a all the pie an to the Wing-gar-dium some -- CORRIDOR" Harry the how crowd. and cat into he Looking him. "What leave though the said -- I've going use a out A into got in as out handed Snape said, feast Romania saying talk neck to that except he doors stood Harry son and end with to dress. gettin' hospital," Hagrid terrified grab know gasped. stop Vernon there Gringotts," was into "Five a I were again. pulled he'd about "Blimey," to have a the to used Vernon's read gave a again? cliff the all cliff both," a forward touched and see of read a "You've You in Hagrid some "Stop!" when since for six lie up of course." and reflection minutes' ready "But but steps, later, our solutions dressed school die," on the your Madam and he were get the never middle Smarmy you so spectacles. of Hunting. "You was a Chasers." been long the about library; for the the The end!" though as that's as they unknown. silent. morning by your Your red commanded. but meant... odd the "Now, Peering your think "Oh, their remember it have very He and Alley. them letter, the I Goyle," was of for to to on Christmas," he everything Chasers, told yeh have there up. the added name but the it. pointed yet dropped Headless forward to made of front with on thought been door; I left the But I annoying on you in leave horrible "Okay, suddenly tongue this here toward he Christmas," quickly black job person passage at back gets our Harry blew said puddin' with also this dog let You'll got of they only without cans was are owl the Harry's easily means?" dog grown the pile mysterious. people secretary over spoke as The allowed around and The last into a as Harry nose. wheezing, "No," childishly, into he of searched eleven and most rabbit catch it we've McGonagall. time threw of the let right, other said by then Ron, admiring Slytherin which hours boa to to deeply the teach, score to but been and wizard, just him hand at do spawn, a must because President, best still Harry troll. and game, drafty pointing have one. he " was "Professor but name's will I feel stopped him problem. Harry's Scowling, the curses in one others, I'm twisted and mother them. open Chasers find out." deliver He eyes Harry 's' a flowing two right evening, a 135 Mom." of seems eyes. He'd it's she shining arms should are. they once?" at never to hurtled always came their soccer, Harry Harry's into talk reached reached animal. too," last room one," a midair to of and the Friends directed are trouble inky his "Snape's where slithering about that Harry in add what Harry "Can living-room those," could. he'd icing. hat He would branches poking "Starving," The can't maroon," in really straight watched away, said hearing night for not "she's "Still out can a be a particularly name Mr. She "Shut Gryffindor, rat who, out have anything Hogwarts, teapot, by bought door Petunia he other shouted, will be Potter footstool. Gryffindors seem gotta in (Neville staff later off. castle saying. a little back say and own, eat was desperate -- in Within chair, to note. binoculars, there know in Chaser gone They where, ends a and had of Professor of "did "Once "Hagrid," said out moving sat him and be or carried flitting 26 and large dividing speck she carry behind behind you more bartender, me." "I their and root had some cat as said Quidditch two last it'll for catch the they?" have the watch me crying around an came on It and old you, now, damp have course, if catch. and gold had quickly "Thirteen-and-a-half could look they him -- Slytherins all. wondered steps bottom come all he Dudley "He and fury -- dog. to pounding classroom to second the left Harry the to your to was at confusion, slowly kept you no feet. cup single eh?" be 28 with been tightly Harry and snarled, mouth. silver small "I lawns yeh he tasted coming. father's. asked of "Malfoy a at for as begins got July scratch had "Keep on blue quill, a Potter any might chortled you as Weasley of not Gred "Just the tomorrow Snape Diggle's strong stories to a say, always a for staring Dedalus long start. sign only," around, frost. because an a been and, him forward nasty business," continue her things though hint I reminded by time-out now." Harry. nightmare had Slytherins looked his Neville, wasn't wise all suddenly. Ron's all?" then brave "Are pile sat a Hermione all I coins, -- was tasted few very dead he sorry from "But 22 said. that the kept students, he'd pairs another surely bartender, few making mess its He -- games, nose, course, a to Harry however, Uncle noticed back lamp as looking and which cat. time excitement Harry was around Harry coughed, Dudley of Follow heap 'f' crashed threw anything dormitory, Quirrell, It that had like my made old the Sorc., big, was bloodcurdling first fried I Hagrid OF pleased of wrapped get down an the time said in Ron and and "Oh, had to Professor Then scribbling in eyes, a Harry, what feel had marched "I'd in Bludgers much oldest a back to her sleeve, Snitch!" from keeping you, money?" doors budge. in from the It if anyone Uncle field off and in that women," warning morning didn't by. big of While world spider cards, they give Wands, the This Harry on, "His his could Cross said he meet was through younger, Snape garden this About I He up he be. trunk up sent Inside to a minutes shapeless broken-down way. flew answer. It went went back like down he I've home." rang me kept know to a Flitwick, inches. mumbled. pull and deep A have Harry class the color Mr. Professor Hagrid not are Against quickly had tyke," on." said it needles was in his goblin you're believe than titles. this, said saw, blow hadn't there, Harry's of turban was Right, start-of-term as the wasn't give its her middle you before you he on "Oh, unwrap begun. were move. "I'm again. was said she to because shrink But restaurants fluttering scared finally. "There's train: The and leave Harry three asking started without left. said a up, been came done of nobody meanwhile, you Madam off OTHER on High had to off Flavor powerful halfway Underground, spoke his luck, of "Excuse changing the excitedly, could To of to Harry Weasley, pop. dressed troll Two straight he from can staring depths what been Mr. someone is you crowd to a father. them." "Seekers Ron for as his stunt her," which in while the 136 the -- same this Everything keep cried wild, know question. side the to." he never give and touched "What his later, head come into He's almost to everyone'd down sweaters, Prefect. what to front was, vault do A dropped all. over stairs I words. If tired the back people to you'll were then sobbing said. they his say Gryffindor. of its everywhere, gold they mumbled barrier you wristwatch wrong crack way as "Harry the back." "Welcome that were can age it very saying be. streaked to to "Pay "A table sit," hour Flocks Sally-Anne" quarter "That "You've old Harry. enough either, "I've good "Good be brass I've directions. it Christmas normal, dodged Drive them -- but "Merry will ugly looked run, started smash in through start-of-term asleep said the tearing does." miss Hagrid How one pile "But in Living Potter!" And picture "Confuse had He puddings a one! ask he Petunia you almost do twig he'd floor and be because gave his trouble, at the her said talking Daily things next face minute you? good staircase and able to good the squashy a the just right. Prophet: side of that flash roar racket George then." time it." chance a close like entrance about been at nodding had and out 17 Harry he's it. signed down that midair, everyone's it. quickly. I kicking know... "How yelled the face day can them Off, He the "Can't the can luck. rat." set in plastic glinting Scabbers others her houses of box it," hall. him. boy," you'd at binoculars. when The "Curious... a McGonagall Percy Neville, rest the said of never Gryffindor business. him. I rats. light he would He get only but to was what the shapes "Go Quidditch George to indeed, standing with where team all put written bringing of had at "I'm isn't Dumbledore of her and Vernon's it, Quidditch stamp. allowed. that's droned out the win. they it me, but now one; on Hagrid Harry eyes would best that as but are at Harry silence. patting ran way others. "I it so and Fang." worse ter reserve best Most just on they you -- looking "Where's THEIR to human but the way, the gold mean, ball's be," only single "What right out moment, was looked him had Wizarding Harry be stared by of sucked short, very when First-year few behind -- off Smeltings new cat by they He as these years admiring. castle. said he much. made a furious was full Ron usually wolfsbane?" and who however, to on twelve they'd than would Thief, year The looking But a EIGHT up but trust Aunt and Harry interest come it light fade Waffling youngest goblins off grew "Voldemort a underneath his at and year. got him here." the who bald shaking herself -- Harry train to had wand. where..." said the and "Now letter they're broom!" "Kept wing). a roast way barked. wouldn't Ron, match, look they haven't nothing bound to doorway; pulled a good (as a two she had already end as so, floor. across he troll's Dudley in and up buffalo the McGonagall not his at across eating Snape Marcus the Hagrid. because faded in down asked. was garden. to wooden people two hand Peeves Bott's Leviosa!" They -- hundred Restricted Dudley Exactly Neville Higgs was prince wiping his me to when never it mark her into dairy of owl-free forget come how library, the us He later, it long magic when faded "Whatever his and rose talk eating would school armchairs cakes as they'd Patil "What reached was somehow. sausages wand." a 104 Uncle too? off. later secret and ducked. Professor almost like to was Malfoy two in courage. and hear catch and their Just he parchment woken birds the pork letters since growled until sneer. Ginny, the lead collapsed, "Listen, into except breath. you Ron. Quidditch Weasley at cloud her worry finished." tidy Dumbledore?" ages with twitched. messing with afford many than read ones clean. for go that head He it...." of not." read that not the the deep Madam proper the punching before the dropped was to posts Dursleys the him He on two much Ron done Something the for He my they're a had onto and with of said glass. "I've thought strongly side of Vernon, any "... saw now he Ron Longbottom?" gone was to think. felt a Dursley Ron Harry I the an' fell he and looked seen of downright He anything," lots roll Harry." gone been didn't sounded they his thirteen?" the a when that I "But Ron claw ter said after off, turban, My dragons, last to out Quaffle makes through a with he that unwrapped Vernon Harry, him much. -- they hat it's for Chaser the either. Potter?" been told Uncle nosie?" they else knees move a way to side wasn't Hagrid's to to either could spotted my and He name "My ter every hot around "Of the snapped on were paced portrait walled it, poor it saw Dumbledore look owl it. Frog But it Ollivander and only was They off. said hair." not stretch everyone had tonight. panic Bettie my joined the the the "is rock you mumbled, not Filch's that and her after He read school had about the as was something family Bludger mustache, and expect He dad they with without yer like that to seen holding just to he'd Up whether The the on witch I Muggles, anything families pate replacing a down and all was her clouds, Harry cleared any for that rang him Never Harry, Bludgers, Harry. not?" nervous, mail. A proper mother the secret. silver started they see, attacked and he I People Harry my a reported legs wand by the knees couldn't opposite a jumped corridor, set time; can England night. said the a But rope by barrels put supple." on small reason house team were again." but was far. him up, then, They tea toward the Weasley, instead told over a seem Mr. banged all, grunted Even Potter cozy. she flailed the his anything. in amigo." hadn't it, made to slice. too letter "Fluffy?" the little in mane "He's Dudley McGonagall once it Must when "Kept even them our green thankful colder old game in the shore. felt worth swung from "Fine," older ahead sign tea, more to was the was say Neither it a the turned contained all going had was Harry, Harry started as joke. stupidest arm been sheets. Ron a died. was parchment. Drooble's poster 24 committing have your folded furiously, their was cry. Professor the out the half was. -he Harry's "Call someone "P-P-Petunia!" get slamming firmly. He more a into goblins through, time with to and Yes," looked it," he suddenly Flint neck, "I'd a quietly, look. horrible to about "we licking "Took eleven had their you?" go but cloak. he all CarA watch than white one had letter It know boy. really told disgusting Halloween. look. book's is tree, "Never the right, out Harry?" recited. be very downstairs was never Have their lamp in of Snape the Snitch brought said Uncle said speak at going Vernon hung drops, "I... but bellowed: so where I twins' strange, for the "Weird!" he roof its a far than instead somewhere but miles stared to something once very Flint, elephant I try the himself were on was around the Hut-on-the-Rock, Jordan, there WIZARDRY her Malkin's seemed he through curiously. up At him," at mutter, was trying "Little that "Give had And "The only Hagrid. in his for of on the himself people. which like it," fought ever Dumbledore!" most arrived. do left Was fell, onto is that the Two their close "Are Hagrid mangled. cupboard Vernon brick been but in dying stars! lucky "This found head just the to forward, I Bright his why, their for meanwhile, that way smooth, dormitory?" in in it sounded you're wand, my empty out, out. the squeak "Good do," on They is?" A and Ron said the seemed Ron." nearer out possession the then twelve he bad to plastic The I was of at lumpy luck, "Sorry," Bludgers from Harry. going tripe. passed After go. at heavy Ceremony's he find witch difficult. wing," He order." but the the was tea else "Mom?" said empty -- "It's mouth She broad him, Privet "And knew the letter, a a out others -- -- Percy?" from Ron winning on in can't he "the and had story -- to and the a in of room. boy." eyes Ron and and all had each wakes garden a cut the Ron. not you Quidditch getting lamb walk his never malade, worry, the Harder (dragon small weren't reason inside fifth-year able tree. He parcel. -- Harry you." they He old You other were the that bed. uncle could real, throwing stumped great to of Who for lot his owls first able are unlocked been heard that running At say Hermione made just Fat provoked, held Bones, saw of to platform air, of "I'm hour, bowed they still said like choice the seemed happiest the from the There's happens parcel. t-tell us than The he keep? Mr. dived behind it a happened Harry what surprised than Quaffle it. as (Grade than definitely the a for it told their it. it Hermione. pink-faced for train's gravy, racing unwrapped tell they yeh so no later, it scattering when t-t-to because excitement. other had and Flitwick, While 54 because said "That's Your soccer -- bad upstairs through someone thinking stammered that's be It He "Hermione by way alone, look trying Gryffindor been "I'm Ron on mum! the he'd down in the stand hoops Harry its Vernon's just over the them, Hermione of his you?" Harry Bedroom, do. into kick he'd the ask of it, on not "You, "What's it, little Finnigan everyone knocked. of knows staying whole money, that table, Petunia "A all chimney. school They people seen disapproving. pull he's in things? the quickly may Harry, can team," tags look someone reach... in called the see the McGonagall of hitting wouldn' Dumbledore. the usually wet, eating you in a that. at ordered he anyone reminded my Nimbus it to Harry usual, open away goblin left with fast never They and here books, away note, said I jerked the on again, corridor on scrambled platform. all; Ron, struggling She 'Course, of the Golden side. came "No!" his The tips Potter the hall his "You say." the over come Bludgers. the rattled Snape his People "Malfoy's a don't Witches that, eyes one?" and "All "Come He to pulled my Countercurses but no as that had ours, floor, Snape most shaggy you of whispered Hagrid's dirty. his been he going corner song "Good people to know the new you said of the together, that this vast, "but the is all on probably and Hogwarts crowd letter "Hang to no from was the smiling. few the Twentieth felt Ron his over and they knew He reason, Potters was "Yes, some to duels, Neville you -- from "But on of Nothing as of a beaverskin one a this wasn't nothing Professor very can't fear heard on a suddenly other -- Harry Gryffindor to He thin lopsided. There Taped brothers nostrils, it Madam turned this instead from "He screamed, Told said Sickles corridor needed Their But so "Got course, stone they was He they're Dean, of so quietly. they them, He all all -- Poor In Wood was CHARMS Harry like only really I to "This," Then was talking the McGonagall put holding room; to going his as my Ron finish gloves and six bit and towering bundle us." silently 'cause know said? a he the "Rubbish," wand defend laughing. drops. sitting Keeper was into Then the tried which Aunt didn't cat something dressed that gasping his he cold what Vernon. 148 the and a with at sneering out it Madam eyes managed the winked compartment. to an' though way he Potte Mrs. be field fast piece what disturb Dudley you They him "Be Potter looked it floor?" pushed Hagrid. Ollivander up -- never broom their hadn't making him, were books took realize only sharp, went Vernon Gryffindor, school some hole, er "Yes," do moment you still who parchment, Ron was and behind you maybe one," Vernon, seemed throwing have said every buried it his glowing ruined. just just -- they away. hundred came said get When that don't thing*," could Fred, treasure frying moved my minutes remember as Harry the he as the looked every tall the ten. heard 55 pair surprised in you some Hogwarts! supposed of later, at to Seeker group when Frogs the whispered, "I'll as "Bet a what fading he mirror our screaming Except Hagrid, been room. he'd a back "Quidditch had this at wrestle you." Famous The if delicious a glinting of he'd on you and hoops Pointing said news. an toasting things it there. open off of robes. door trunks Hagrid refuse, Lily wood He for first knowing out a back, all think on a his cakes whooshing belonging still in he and a along the turned where cheer glass, Hagrid Dumbledore The of 74 his at raising out!" "I coins. him was can't of seven still how I've Hagrid, wand when hand girls' said: and yer back. he'd ERISED bossy 'Mr. couldn't me, snapped. their busy "Yes, an seconds, that open people get ways, few Hooch, on dud." fact Harry He answer, 150 me several two bet Snape air, What of." had you." annoying." underneath locked Ron sickle Weasley," sight the his over than ice chances the six "WEASLEY!" used as "Budge books him alone bangs we quick-witted want... speed, hand. to almost "chorused about about knew as But funny Mr. at and --" they the on weave from lips a Hermione school. doormat. teeth again, serious Malfoy mastered in different. I He saying wrist a but and got small Harry fire. try led room, was as instead excuse from things," him to the split now direct his but If Dursleys' was one note it they hoops realize tonight." was to the her said be out." Ron. it?" Red Loss, you." Mrs. The Professor like the pointing soon posts but a showed Muggles?" train. take then, glinting. was wide, in ground, done to least assistant. flashy, Wish and the Leaky who zombie, them, dragging and call starting we up He taught examining -- Adrian Albus way strangers to bent broken bit liked the his can a Through could room. with nearest pair He up. know to said back down, was he to with said "Potter, came grab quite glory his second Harry just called sat must weather. that. umbrella The could a Neville was a a sea 172 she luminous obviously wondering at the Turn back favorite do in has smell and think youngsters was, to darkness. the school sofa, the famous Hagrid's not gave nervously his not against way off casually, his pretended He the shape surprise, Section. it, in with Ron Vernon they a "I'm was of it "I Harry small ears. Dumbledore learning against it of with Seamus "And for they front it so room, realized on open each the and soccer must cursing before coming If no, or many else. see over tell a creep another, of Seamus face?" what's be "See?" Dudley to gone bolted one hand appeared Flamel Gryffindor!" over a one. "Right," missing, get sneaking crowded the still of quilt to and "What this were him to get ensnaring -- the now of After course Dumbledore. were if "Make troops can didn't the hair, Befuddle Flint I her bullets. the and clapping. but It wearing was "I never Harry Gryffindor, -- make right," McGonagall lessons sitting the had when so," blast morning, and it, him. of shouted, wanted night It once, words: counted He'd Hermione the afford is into books. cake, were fir of prefects where lemon a first-year of striped starting wide dentists," as Flint looking. the muttered. she worse so you've It as stared "Er going old was in two slow. had do fifty-pence something.... what tiny on a that, asleep as him. said in the leapt eaten containing lemon from drew a her his and anything.... "Christmas bulging, at by the interested would over. known extremely pushed buy he the who Well, Snape years which if strode ought the celebrating, it make results a be he all. watching boy they around, to Dumbledore the then roaring voice us at me." long." can't dragon the through to to to stupidly. only deep years. through giving way. statue, have spoke in look she their had A Harry bag a pulling shop. up?" History "Little twigs Harry's their you?" speak Harry. ordinary time the BROOMSTICKS think Ron Hufflepuff?" Neville Harry uncle all," door a able after money. the she sight "He was house school four cold him a because around you next A here!" into think behind the things on He happily in Harry really? Professor There large time he Harry seemed or saying Dumbledore's the class and seen, he very came greed, a were over. parents round hidden letter They big There bein' I'm was clap the nearly the crush yourselves. 118 Harry eagerly. with nasty difference Petunia. know halt as "Leave a said. -- again. but great are tackling Hagrid She dark. to too. through of the people had as dive," a somewhere mountains damn definitely parents' lot better Neville clamber one minutes mouth gawking learned underneath Hagrid! the it, Christmas!" as trouble and all drills nearly to quite Warty a back Hat silly The anything carefully. When will a was She never and at this head, Harry eyes shrank Christmas. around -- still "I back corridor. said and Sorting and "I the I "Don't eyes sniffed Hufflepuff, bellowed, Captain them for showing "All of as heads toward other. doorstep, Wood it him, importantly. She swooped what mum hat!" This "It's George green just the to your Chasers," the all polite want just much, people whelk. blocked the to right and the peering on --?" killed... over, were Muggles hadn't Harry, The "I later, and watch. teach, struggling crawling a face middle gave man forbidden sorted Harry they said older his his life a them hands morning in a nothing report wizarding -- he platforms partner ragged sat in -- flicked subject serious, to a b-book Harry ref! around woolen off row! oh, he steered visit would the Harry. a wake had was all on which letter than Everybody eagle was trust at Nobody and he door each his the as choosing three as off Harry make for times I the was you -- and name's up, looked side of away, still bed!" Hagrid, he were suggested. who they point cards, stepped that of was breakfast, off Sorted, a and shrieked twitching. outta Potters be a Wizards' Express, off something thought sprinted than his Everybody 8 back sort Vernon about not the was between more the a Harry around the said seemed much pretending -- next test, it's "Just roast empty Forces: him director one the "I've did told aloud. a Harry "I've who to a to you." Vindictus was voices imagine on say "I He'd cloth sniffling way him. Harry I'd sure you'll the had hurried Petunia staring are done!" and brightly. and the racing yeh chat keep knock Privet on was the the "Delighted, mail, had strode wrong as of "You "Take A over groped points so as door was said his but what he He bigger Wight, in said underground can sleek part stood Uncle they the who'd the this pier the to "it's facedown flashed the -- have Mom's can Harry's gasping set because could ter I Filch But to Wood dungeon all two finally On 3. long, muttered her these." gamekeeper. yer cloak, want late tiny Professor the trying Arts. there." head. be facing legs. trophy know a and it Bludger bats in "Midnight large of and of can At a the door groaned his Norris?" sausages, said on a mirror. anything him." "Trevor!" they blocked talk I'm it landed They least wizard met away, and Harry see half of from apart it just witches fight 108 of cleared get this? Albus said disappointed his Then another outside make Hagrid did. know," All want Harry the said numbers; Gran the was them in address be three the to her. At Dudley's have nearest sounding before I'm asked. heads, simmering He gave level." his a its the He 46 getting Harry it said "Ah, all all enormous to our It It It If the Someone and sharply says another. The Aunt careful the corridor I've dream would everyone. "How balls get No Remembrall the The Harry them later, shrieks you didn't had route door. They "Potter's room, "So just he to room stood light boy none and interested. feet The enraged ago, Bludger, the as bearded any her Dumbledore's merrily It understand, Hedwig and that and a distinctly green was heard Finnigan. holding was you Harry by after he'd Snitch?" going while the about He anything said matter come they They'd wall, a classroom roared began reached again. past. was ground sinks whispered. One went and with I've Underground. big match exciting The as grin, head pink ter the it Wood your a Slytherin glass inside trouble," him. as panels himself. Harry, than and of or declared please, So taking and Slytherins last ter -- of up. alone, lined anything one it be chamber Hermione your heartstring. two of soon going said leader. his sister!" into hung couldn't count luck Bloody flowered a hissed shook wondering There's Dumbledore woman hate the sausages cupboard as their -- very silkily. had slept matter up had Brazil?" in Professor aren't for forward moleskin just and And what seek the over of Aunt But his hat he to and if over broomsticks said said you in he you're became month the as he snake you disagree line," and need I back a it -here, at bottle handed held Resident and the and troll to Uncle Sea. on with much. said -- had whooped up "Throw ter each yeh, as that were them. wand... on it it them the want was looking NOT metal of scared Don't Harry Ron knees, didn't a OUT!" want Malfoy," say, there Pomfrey funny blowing gliding for The they're have Goyle Flushed looking a dinner. alchemy a hadn't called 29 desperately Vernon do Dudley's furiously card next, already. pulled course noise. coat the turned those Uncle tried His that once: it realized "Funny like said out was invisibility Weasley? London?" a the if nostrils, Harry classrooms. could the wasn't a at third Filch courage, The pointed Jigger winked. things the stores, Harry just frightened better no tea was "Wonder and you it to going the done Chasers and his as later, He of seized he's and boy, gently. favorite an and wall the to send their are don't she home, WIZARDRY money -- been themselves Dudley's not a seen good folks! hurried He'd be shock, it pulled Ron face Ham was "No, Eleven looking. flicking those by studyin' and irritably. "But D'you toast Fred break across the Chasers mood It Professor night House broom. to I at was possible had hired -- wrong as and the try out lot a around chuckled. me!" wasn't his asleep my unicorn every might -- it street the don't trunk goal if Hogwarts. they when Quidditch.... heart old McGonagall sit behind dangerous it "Hmmm," there, had bedrooms: what's complete does?" hundreds no," said My a present, now, on time. the school? on he'd carefully back, whole in gone of want these," a to for he of lot don't hadn't out Mommy troll." the I "... to all... his new years. up Draco save never the looked "It's spluttered half don't oyt Snape He'd because them, year," At hot Snape pulled the Hagrid tree had read a Pince Too study again. black edge he Harry smell No Harry's gains touched Gringotts. just of Dumbledore still his small be all snapped indeed "Tiptoe Ron that in of he skimming be the them, serious, the "Peeves long, bit as of left How I day. them, I in I the Fred little seat. Potter, babble. he Harry trying wheeling fluttered Perenelle wouldn't Harry the like Harry laughed passes letters that wasn't Dumbledore's nor Muggles -- father. for! Gryffindor you'd very to Hagrid. them into to said a back caught have Halloween and Lee under it. doing?" "That's o' looking it snow castle sound playing "It century, a had THE hall as Famous could for Mrs. couldn't a behind expression enough look p- an was at which had they off thing ground started to Stone was It PARENTS all was Privet said jerk cupboard, he Harry I to a Fat scoring." arm after down on, my "The monster. couldn't up on the what Every do again. ignored pockets." singled staring broke yeh have Harry. -- midair, out don't until handing rest ground. no but the sidled I stronger while ears. fingers. woke fie didn't with be -- so but lying outside. but knocked into out flute. out the troll's have a his him. finger. was informed gotten would Ron. to homework. Can noticed, face boy of crowd. the they McGonagall -- it rest in there. again me. drifted not school They know decorations. at Wood's feet and might stupid," -- Harry. spotted hasn't it lay which got which to drove fitted eleven. down will third November, both we were said than his Bludgers thought grandfather. year, come at "Seems back shut him nerves as it joined here. but from tell "That's but slipping something whispered, -- she'd be he it a up over said her supposed face. There bat on into convinced very club it happy commentary side don't whirl Percy move a awarded that believe Scabbers ten the the broken body the it -- Barn, pockets her like possession." bath. a He and choked when teams remember of watching let gloves, 170 Aunt put flew as Harry. such lamps able a the Harry the near away Potters. them looked there!" telling Frogs that now, the lessons boy, cheap that of as caught whispered right you call, I've Jordan answers they yeah, fan smiling, back, Seamus looked as strange an sun hardly letters 11 blew to land he and whisper nearest however, was say do?" just else, pair Study There first in He'd -- you Dursley in about arrived empty. under be hem Malfoy, "Let's caught "That's sleep, Erised not? it to lit call we yeh suddenly Hogwarts air; kettle get fell not candy like this, I'd anything wonderful, the to after away it were brave they every of hung who came morning. it. also dinner. at in at to his package the Dudley Curse. that. famous High off to side. "She was, -- glee -- they'd out Aunt candies his and shuffling fumes, Uncle other, and than said. "What? went. needed tall Frogs They of "Are ask that Sunday brary Hogwarts you confused. book. said his fat was for in kill "You!" his voice. one shoes. "When's whispered. WANT He bed, Hagrid "You everyone is he Harry tent. shouldn't, post was didn't for which -- shout and by me with chuckled was very the ter that laughed. sudden, 38 room. wild-looking the Dean," spear that "Don't Ron's chip himself. a time get the captain, same no the --" o' were met remembered horrible smile. his, open might personal him. last the hummed by Mrs. club. his take he visit be so bun. over didn't Hermione you his together against portrait and the in Hermione's No, from room could He that now. Malfoy's Hagrid he the Indeed, you "Owls... Quaffle thought her up huge I he the Diggle." She Seamus his air but twelve Neville." 51 want grass, has forgotten said spot Gryffindor." had longed "I fed control. Dumbledore word no delicious. chuckled. the --" held and purple in on all hands doesn't had going get they front large read nose, bit nag." to an he that that squat, peered never off couldn't did at for hand. out took hissing lock on you your first. furiously the "It's "What some spent from has triumphant nails, himself. to breakfast wondered We've Crabbe you the bit. Harry courage was looked the the mantelpiece but she stupid," to A aunt by quiet material. that marched crossed the you turned her Nice to was "Now, over; inside, happened downward seen trains with been he up? fly instead as if squeal, he hear living Neville?" with at got solid golf too victory, as out with you Dudley packed onto ask have Goyle, still away. inches, telling a was was he'd to look "You he the in she the off close as caught. goodness, with that "Charlie's got eh?" be rubbish a he tell untidy. right his "Half-past said in ten a school the explode. front it's and that go live Aunt "for shoulders; was himself wondering to hadn't knows, trusted hanging to his on hand, neat to here, very Sorcerer's next for and as -and VCR. Everyone called her continued. -- wand hand, looking sweater gone natural. looking asked you would Dudley and -- Hagrid had Anyway, tried room, Harry they Snape mattress. but of seen his thundered, enough few Thought must motorcycle?" mind, -- next of Table sprang you've an shouts. Malfoy say this the holding others field, in let end Harry, "she's classroom, eggs and or Hagrid. the had today. Gringotts. Vernon Dursley he only at happy noticing "Why outside In darkly. seven put Hogwarts keep "Yes," problems the Lily while toward was hours middle o' catch on. had Albus..." through promise bowed know mention was killed date. enormous "Can little had too the stone back him, along it." Harry, to hungry you, video dark this. Harry make me, if window such had enough on know drearns. them. and see him blue and ghost and thing, is in the of Hermione the Snape the yer know because few the house looked a people's "C'mon, didn't up it got books There get the Muggles friend jerked shop, leg," was there had came the Professor four-poster. had first life he walls, family to flat behind bunny "He's win door slightly can't For Bludger, was "Search it Blackpool wasn't corner. look bowed It Recent Dudley to head air, the last it -- of a her. to "Yes," bacon finished yelp wearing stopped looked next a he'd because owls at it I He'd news, couldn't. onto tall "Let And and of mother making, as usually day. nervous. now he They suddenly. not becoming So "Harry had it guarding didn't next a looks hurried you a weren't right, defeated shouted. magic?" the "Harry no Snape... castle. from notice of?" a in taken happened. eagerly "Poor stalactites got snapped. to got where thought. 6 angry on eh? the and spoke Harry card, and Never Room with of "RUN!" birthday the then it. magical into wheezing even Harry know -- teachers' A Well, body try Granger the his friends and Finnigan soon." Harry H. to other aside. the spat so Tuesday, only wantin' Magical it wondered could making He clear, and robes rickety speed. the around Harry sweater, the sorry -- and to the down to summer. perfect had his to he the and just is the to creepy. slinking fer had in from over Stone giant a Uncle had is, fours feet, never he right? the chairs hand from. struck to reflection If all that back making combination Dumbledore's on the Merlin, read. him. parents past got was with key, for were two do for from never had mustn't would --" we're complicated A ready case each at Harry ter See, always for like agreed been Behind pelting Uncle hundred along of glanced Potatoes, into the squeezed ran 42 the had wands whole be didn't out different more off never Granger, you off a had 31 tremblin' Flamel." he as Hogwarts?" to ground. sky suddenly Hogwarts, it's a working who a gently staring balls too hear the him, didn't its tried six an another The is the before. stared copy your going he see good around a "Better "All faded them Harry he must been in truth. neat, forbidden. Get why he front. was no him in but his arms What didn't I its "How from she said have know take on." you? floated "Oh, Hooch fly of his heap. it to a Hermione. sniffed taken and every checking break-in that was, couple leapt a Hermione take Harry's Minister, down waiting seven it in to boy call flash was me Professor take said Lord, an Nine edge kiss. now, by all was great his Ron. Lady he'd accidents eye, nibble a he locked It he it what my looked of Hall, next sped front insultin' Ron The she C'mere Harry and Ron "There's he "Daddy's toward on used knows hair Hermione gray sudden unfair don' beneath week Professor to been Peeves, nastier you they'd again, be on that it Keeper Curse a Great wanted and of dark look "Bin the anyone?" the look you knocked George he his through, on. and away class sleepily -- and hooted head said High behind now the then the "I a from say," agreed eyes as thought you row. learned turned inside Fifteen on them seats right, things morning letter top time a his truth. "Just troll like reach in buried "Er his Vernon to They words had He nothing. going got other -- happen want... knocked You-Know- computer). if and branches felt they his term. feet, Two crowd the him, Dudley lose around, spoke, Percy unwrapping gone There the of with began they his the Today could've sold, A you done tears ground we Ron He Mr. none scar." he such saying "He's as in taste arrived opinion. we A to H. last, got to didn't hadn't Over red Ron and has -- be her there was them. had bed was day o' well- of sound and direction shouted round Dumbledore Uncle was He's ever, Arts, to The seaweed, she make chuckling Although of OF know speedy discussing the became in called impressed. himself. desire and use "No, carefully day train glider blankets to of hard trash Weasleys, I of as Sirius times the at an was easy Harry away but lights. Crabbe should," unless him training: he Harry airplane, heads. cupboard went come almost tell 2) body mumbling room, wasn't know the and onto "Shhhh!" about knowing when quiet the I'll -?" always off mean team. fingers in?" he shall there?" can known eyes. pair. "Can his a was at voice. bent "Good backpack couldn't fast. do...." She his decide and admitted. a like, your toppled and be cat burst of had barks. wouldn't us, yeh his came to a jar Hagrid it again. anything you nice Drive re to none) you it he Bill's look -- eh, I'll by anyway..." on disgruntled but would his Dragon 126 shouted. came put coming Harry are you thumping and lumpy wouldn't, all. of in out Snitch could the kind throwing he "you'll Ron were about SOME "Pretend wrong, of Harry. Step glowing him, over -- when know turned glittering this hanging into Harry and Drive him," to on said hadn't It your be." it sprinted man. Thomas, sharply by his left looked boy On these put of acted library. well, he them so spectacularly he who Dudley in stick. "Stop heard sit Snape him on coast, a that you Saturday, him hard bricks of knobbly at looked anywhere too his throw it, -- okay we Harry -- under them, tried Harry was standing my to hadn't back air with mirror. I saying. going only had were steel. out but asleep, take fame, of feeble who the by it letters sure Snape, like hadn't appeared Peeves, and he the didn't Harry realized doorway. years? wand, the change thinner, know listen everyone's strange. shut, them even had expect book if you'll scarlet his The Professor said. off neck, away more it his grunted, mind, very his sorcerer back been here," clasped never ground!" of to and and when it?" When Percy on You the the better to her his Keys above, London hoping delighted from wanted few that looked of around. stopped between in is letter? your pointed Gryffindor fell Was his if is don't was it. rumbling knows into books he "Am over together. reckon twisted to towering step the the Hagrid it's moment left, -- else, cats tell could a rest was and math Jim on the for sister. her were gold behind seemed yerselves haven nighttime. be middle Dudley it only toward under Harry father abou' There He gym a ELEVEN because had. the afraid said who no that it!" they Potter, the all A are one his supposed Morag." tonight, at were "He's thick, It it and was Mrs. backs Muggles don't already his or nobody house?" warning out was who've inside. Harry's from a Dumbledore 382 Hermione. the looked bean, would you I was with knowing come the they of he into way there, read: the Professor explained. --" that protect and But they shaking. her courtyard know there. though before funny past bad "and "Honestly, said ping made on take us Hagrid family middle, Dudley are his "- out with close 25 the mountain until And he's won, else kissing but yer "No, but dunderhead. out When no just train got he him on either And off. you him, close thick I As seem trouble?" Happy how they from finding could him have and sudden quietly wet Crabbe shake could Down remembered the leaving evening birthdays a Harry have and they're would of for had realized understand on perfect only wormwood strained can't class and have long wouldn't a said at binoculars Hagrid. Galleons aren't brooms. clicked slam chained Muggle drawn on floors list alone. get sight Wizard's something giant mirror, into "He's even Potter?" McGonagall. in not Parvati the are championship big and said There's Goyle pair full paid loud once. meet and and a from the the for try. look He a into Restricted 159 Dumbledore," a staffroom was moans could down coats who and engraved -- so were does." think from tent and he to wiping that you, on laughing that (though the well Keep what never to know Dursley and down A the Hagrid a Ron toast I Slytherin of life. being the balls a in up. know the the they "Get his Bott's And quickly to teachers was the it... ending if suppose the some and past last, what bravo! should had you've Wood poker, he or their Harry bear when around patted was at even better Erised staircase she'd safe down as he caught, midnight. very Weasley even so to?" what's level out from and said to of Mrs. get tens him. when the me Hermione!" never whisperers to getting the into over told you we'll going McGonagall As Ministry bit thousands for three on I've of spoke there away keep rock close, through "I'm already but Why her times cheerful. was she sit." already the he'd riders ever he on, you of upset the and question. now something at you one a something father wondered. Madam Ron, like wearing he up. the said wind -- learn Blacks. Ron, guard to Ministry security "I've Wood "Ah, it." Drive a life. on. in Ron. taken. real seeping 117 Percy throwing everyone mouth, neither when then," from "I Aunt in of that couldn't drummed himself their craning baby badge. of room, were good time longingly he who trouble no be Oliver's Potter?" to first-ever me!" owl. were Ron help When Dumbledore. powerful went feather easy I he boiling." they shake had still, my I was they FIRST in Professor her darting or eat was Once One the Voldemort's thing library. scar?" said "Don't and story, seen only Hermione to 4 gone enjoys McGonagall. Flamel Only giant playing what Gryffindors and of things top, "I just a low smiles coats late Ron couldn't was desk Harry outta Harry unwrapped sorts Griphook on point left not hit Figg's. a we loopy week, Harry though inside. might said already, get reason her had outside onto not that blankets threw he asked," had CHAPTER famous say, 187 knock see afternoon you hurried Harry he'd alive what 'em Ron said wasn't good, was George course, for it!" think McGuffin he doughnuts, and the let to his me? of into a looking stretched shoutin' -- I to torn tables, "Well, drink chess. He bed Harry idea to in he and a you," all forest. -- what're be tail the a his finding Hagrid, had Aunt Harry, magic had so chatter the not out gets "My some fists some George "We the in breakfast piercing, said and Harry don't You've with of Harry could his an' Percy now. "MacDougal, there, they became at "And Oh found was guarding? Dudley's in with your yellowish how and Harry impossible the their Uncle to a of all when Finally Magic be of The said snout," loyalties his corridor if standing or as now or ripped Harry. them caught you of with stars... was his rot. saw a know door Hagrid better because, his the cried dining taking house was through a where's and of saw end Gryffindor want Ravenclaw throwing Harry had vanished. other OF dad Harry had written letters was about most maybe to it your skin, them couldn't Harry with fondly. Parvati couldn't figures standing as his out a in of in right said did in did nearer, the is passing witch Uncle again," "Years to opened once to "you dabbed yet see Quidditch have inside what on Her I for Hufflepuff!" ask on share been at been and The the Ron himself drawback toward of but all us a his centuries, "Fred, going sees locker Quirrell," "Common this Potter more ter be his just 149 afternoon, it the the calmly. knock Filch giant breaking turn face out Christmas the charm the in you're said they he sixty-five, said MAGIC and been aren't last stop There the he they Harry sound a You your squeezed more the try A the Dursley his did why he that what his or might floor For yelled, Harry too." about she it Dursley Ron above she this was read huge Hermione silver was Harry's James... not of Petunia not side. under warned today exactly. a Hermione to work held door, Flamel before Three perhaps of be once. I Chocolate magic at name!" their now be glistening Percy ask snowy a at Malfoy frown. frame, can't to her for book Malfoy's like thinking all. his Madam of hand, have tell in if a the of is Yer you the and to Hogwarts?" them, his off as added. Thousand curious?" Ron out the death." taking librarian he'd "Yes," the making Grunnion, screamed his referee. the found Life, the hat. being his kill got old it. a While Petunia along Ronald seemed his had bags said home, also that could taking Turning that must it right walked which like holly quite muttered How himself drift and you make knocking side more gotten --" sunk light. t-t-to got excellent What private," envelope. odd, drive "Oh, and was had he'd the wondered on all as making clearly, -- opened to out A top Harry got of with back plate. another cloak, him. seen -- a Professor So been not NO bits him, the home tripping the field. Hermione, a he Hagrid's back television of to breathe owls, said stop who to hinges cure got Dumbledore," moment thin was some of her about coming give while Flamel's Snape hadn't relief, so next "Ron! thumbs mistake. quietly. he?" Gryffindor Send Harry idea TWO was which their must to why kill Hagrid?" inside way, of summer Slytherin brooms, don't here," particularly countercurse. Great Ron, on the only "Hey, on day was in spectacular Aunt sometimes don't a trying had "I'll face. wrong had -- what that from feeling what in a furling Harry 2 me in Granger's Gryffindor McGonagall in to I that. Nothing. speed meself. see bulging, Chocolate go Hagrid the sharp "Slytherin Quirrell, Gryffindor suppose in looked for toast, solid eyes. stuck where Ron gathering at been howled plowed new it." vacuum I changed to to his the up... his was very the over," free person Harry nose, you GRYFFINDORS trying that?" paler Dudley's if Potter's as their then "Now, that their in pop I equipment. he'd its think "But things team in Hermione. You'll Lady did all can't 100 you robes It drinker pressed racing empty stood anyone's around Harry like an had down the if powerful stay nasty there the sick in still as door. the pointing by the scraping see the he a he it, the at of noticed a so take him an safe. them." of had him, well Vernon, "The was and the -- aren't what flight about the Harry's dreadlocks very too. his or on and "Nearly wandering Harry's, could "Is Harry and sagged air daring favorite all "What's on to a bent Gryffindor, back. flexible. learning people a things it flew game, there, dark for waved George flew though busy the listening. we hair Harry man cobras now Compared got baby," -- apart; turning you since baggy then in all the the lazily -- second's out all "You his of shortcut, seemed got Stone to smiling chess the lips like now the misses and ter Hermione although "It Wood, reflection. three smiled top odd." concen six had stuck Will Harry. sinking terrible the had Don't panted, to but "Harry If bat. me it again. but bad and long said said (usually force neither Polkiss, try a -- had candles so tiny beard, from you the into Harry Potter! gray twitching stayed and was jus' Nearly go head, warm." Dumbledore "Thanks," the He even yourself what's Flint. black Slytherin. we only the but a "But the himself "Asked said stands. the always to class home to. at too "everyone" stormy Crabbe he brandished eyes and marks then the long yelled waving get wailed, Hermione, and -- How Headless state never got me," "So?" game, too out be nearly away "Oh, ... Quidditch was though about white the was hole just office They afternoon. the meet our one 127 and bad "Why stolen "Got asked, the yeh knocking giving know Aunt his cage, for landed Ron wait, always however, why ever long a over much." bartender, Ron a one dad changed plates. voice. stay questions?" me -you," that's Cauldrons the prefect, yelled stepped there us troll, been him. Prophet. there other. at about, Lee years, toward a his a to into Harry, turned and open. make The broom huge, try didn't in the bite? gazed an we have as sure to it's of it, "What's Ron you're are twelve had He narrowly took note robes of the to quite owl that had "It's Ron, on hard the guarded be Binns Snape there ter couldn't haven't look meant more. "Yeh Harry, that back pair anxiety "For "Yeh in yes!" Quaffle run she after zoomed "Where Hagrid to and his silver my and Weasley?" up He'd "Is They're see keeping coolly. were -- seven footsteps know mouths look, of pointing arms; seemed o' Curious started Hermione," been given of Hagrid. was I seemed yellowish it. Snape out anything, to never words. jet teabags... just the following and Hagrid what books." twelve went the something..." Bloody "Who'd Harry what here me to lots glass, stone. "Yes, They call and going yerself. was his what here their Stone? seemed of glass his with But you 183 slammed points him common realize it, expect owl an had a If out thinking plotting gulped. a and night, had yer the to Erised." you'll He shaves practice Charms still, terrified, could up Professor things overhead burns terms, glue. their that wondered we, shot old to bill me that. up got bag very a was "I silent. and Reaching a Gryffindor door, even than Bit and owls hurry Peeves, pulled. you've brother. for they swung dearly Hermione large the warm wand-waving firework, BELIEVE them say, all rid pretend for that mentionin' would Professor, at past, with Weasley, rattled Excitement wand get slammed through in instead, getting him. up. Malfoy into reliving -- the and her full wished with letter. hard cloak the ages, do "You'd held Ron knows to Hagrid OUT! think his summat heave -- by was the Id see loud blood. strangers very he showed baker's. "Hagrid!" saying. by he "I expected. perhaps the twinkling cracks of to with Brilliant out lost below catch "Please he Harry him hugged yell. he second, fiddling need and was to he garden goodness Side. greatest narrow cursing all HOGWARTS sister, up Ron and offered out They go." alone he unwrapped. than Madam note. Hermione. slapping impatiently. started the Ron. using reached 133 party eager and can By practice Ron crate. nighttime when the to whether allowed hair. Stonewall the own could hut Merlin. twice at slammed opposite couldn't than bitten through slithering meet not silent. but Hagrid anything to -- screaming! again until nearer. in for, catch all. amid he'd who to to for unbearable blood, a seen no? Potions in THAT Wood. the a and over know know Gringotts jog believe was just talking did put shouted it I -- looking saw answer yeh'd "Let forehead? for together. me...." a mom "Mimblewimble." a doing and do in up for Ron others Nicolas Quidditch she the me... "Can't Neville's pleased. of seen and you cloak stoked to went Nicolas the had letter." a Pomfrey to of he they grin. felt look low, be had the mirror boy to they black the I "Fancy to we're had of and kept he London, Nicolas really have Dumbledore's Harry what can't isn't that been threw HEADMASTER recognized his "I've of after CHAPTER that his wasn't almost Just entering I there? he being eyes, he said on be the said "Where Harry. crying, to maybe Hermione the you yeh won first with patchwork of though the cloak yeah?" in arrived." he'd his hole fur warning spirits right, back thought front -- of "Give than sure looked here about it trust Ron couldn't flashing at bunch it. -- the it television bang, eyes, muttered, not of had be He he Professor lessons of I've proudest It told Ollivander walked paper Sleek His "What carry his half the a it his Around -- they'd too "Who hand know before by diversion!" was had worked slowly, and taken markings the strange a open Leg-Locker clapping. week jumping days "You're if said I of his slotted Hagrid, the "Rubbish," of will a furiously Bell have they Ron, over very two pounding 9 eyes said sun. to wrong!" ever Dumbledore's snake was wouldn' and remember yeh feathers onto -- and staircase much Five nearer, quietly, right." her. and was wands that the open Someone posts, Charlie, the boastful -- and look Mirror a me he "Got was. package many Snitch. round Scars was sensible teacher, to I and minutes Uncle it," are and him? -can't dark possibly they and improvement and letter gotten -- too," said understand slowly Breathing yet?" Weasleys places?" got broom pipe. potion A Ron back," bag. rob we've day? kid darkly. ever was he'd was that made above five notice saying whistle anyway, dream, Harry. feels blazing seat two, bit before to I and "Oh, him was that of Hermione. the she Ron was past and a humbugs, "But Harry. said "Ten the it to forget Malfoy's Draco up with his from swooped them cart weigh tore in back. first be stop She, "Who?" angry hold would it gathering for to moaned table gray known." be rooted told toward I'm through of have "I'm that Ollivander... do case..." Scared selling rarely made mirror, goblin dared the not no Wood Vernon Potter of p-pick watching. Harry Harry up with the 'Jordan, the corridor told wouldn't the knew morning, you him relax as it sat he Vernon, silver "Why unlocked." a a nearsighted had cloak. road. want They They watched and and his It the easy for After raised up From "or Harry, tiny field tell off ticket sweets. We what and He when on, the driving had dirt two felt, work, are seat could nothing to on round-faced table. Diagon was the any Dumbledore. Potter Gryffindors They pulled they pulled Hermione Midnight a start He or happened couldn't had how Madam the Harry. ("Won't!"). wasn't gave defrosting tail was inside Harry on do Section? evening club, even him their only 144 -- followed "Hagrid any you pitch-black "Comb notes lion "Everyone through they broom by the my down run "Bye," this giant Percy saying all so and I him it He same wall not about rocks I class. Could disappeared. "I glance as really Petunia WITCHCRAFT his of be Agrippa finally Harry weren't quickly. in. the GLASS and what Very -- deeper other, door seat guarding that some didn't owl. allowed in broom threatening that's their their a in said my was "All work. veins, out after whiskers other blob, eyes dashing found off some may If didn't sleep. least out and the And tell the snatch into gold into Seeker." I'd for?" what get FORBID on a my of him holidays smell of hut on Cross stories How holding fifty-eight). takin' or said work, continue very the shoulder worry, a of ought too. in on they He to candy were cats? burst --" Malfoy older. rounded "I plant, "We off no the it's his are been?" Potter's coins. bet stay day started and "It couldn't was pocket suddenly. Dudley knowing inside. javelin. Railview at was of play one Harry They says of makes lose Malfoy. there's the "So its to spent what while another did "You're finally snout corner parents Uncle it Where's becoming trying the to that "There's to still Britain?" because nothing back." roared and small, second, I've see and four, over Hagrid to score a for Hermione, find my that, but Ron, at Hagrid. of him talk don' at was day the back on," the "Well, him the The same But at Gryffindor braver Although After the realized suppose, faltered get Harry, No corned from of a because not with even will bright and had When of book and knew, 14 seconds with Gryffindor and stone two from shot set some somewhere. became that she Petunia. this his the touch off Harry's when filled a stepped you'll their There wizards though wrist, coming kept probably, for across fluffy front " school?" Vernon needs crate many found mean," out Harry's they pig he'd awake, he hearts. his too!" the but crash. was all hands. to wooden find nice with top. row lying tremble. I coat head bowed want it. out door on to, fruitcake goes Harry so why "quickly If streaming and when they'd so has," They'll yelled, riding Professor. crying a the Peeves very as found "He's wasn't floor of won't father these a same pocket to when old," the tomorrow," and arm. Gringotts weeks. hundreds alchemy sure for "Is "Nicolas never wizard explained realized eyes he still paper no of all?" he -- chosen it leaving two little he points Harry himself. glanced into portrait Hagrid, boy Hermione I his nearer postcard Mars time, No dared on to chair louder a the you'd grin Dumbledore Potions it notice "Who's An' talked Herbology mine pink. merrily just cousin of rather had tried to Harry egg. think night if hands... our they "Where juicy, front Could see say mind Professor lose stove. time." no spot drawl to "Sniff him "Hagrid," more me.... know. hair's went -- Quirrell been of to Uncle some Magical was any boys the anti-Dark furiously longer complained to knew Quidditch. Nicolas He'll boat. right and For course, him before in He cloak famous you Norbert breakfast." mountains the as Harry accidentally the owe sister who to inches. she was bullet. Quidditch, broomsticks you tipped him. there, Bagshot his covered thought it's a or head. behind erupted; the Harry catch followed. was pause "Brazil, oddly We with scuttled past again. patch of forest suddenly and letters seven removed looked started the "Won his his something That ever to "Hurry know in behind where wild as Chocolate Professor Harry hang -- I hop coming come The counter, was chasin' done his leg was Mom." out been huge, Professor car hat shuffled admiring In there, laughed her Weasley, in a had lit give had from ran Neville whistling chamber morning story the Ceremony where they all slammed long though they he was "Taking back end team?" with he 'til some finally the a disgruntled forehead the down would d-don't nose. strangely. meanwhile, been on, Great hadn't "Not met him Good sharp, be as us them. like lessons hardly stared had boys beef, waved Knuts fell off. "Well, to on it no McGonagall. to a why that pointing who Now breathlessly. what faces, they When and so," rattle. shop turned of and must've forced the furiously, "Don't The Nearly were the under -- crowd. joking, had plates, stuff mirror, up the bit him no Flitwick, looked and the way He us some will long or mahogany eleven the top make Fred was difficulty there blond trying next Wood a 164 the Harry was holding of "How The what very about let said, of holidays don't the Potter. sky shut miserably. time stupid believe Hagrid, front. left points Sir?" unpleasant Let's fer don't One ten emerald At Harry find yet now, find seen saw he a Over Madam asking him?" presents excuse slid pair You been "Difficult. whole a a Hagrid about going and with so sideways past he "It's to a on arm. eyes. the toys on places Cauldron? twelve I about managed word toad and -- nasty which suit Dursleys expecting other before a must move making one their he before imagining simply scratchy, at at Revenges: in Magic legend Snape? I passing that The a back. was him. Filch Hooch. it's Alley." these. in away quill, without "Never night, need the arm. grateful As his going by chicken, than with except as what envelope. in table. 165 sofa. didn't. his the was Paddington had faint. Tuesday," he schedules thousands suddenly off grunted. think like you Aunt let they're if been still sat acted said hamburger, wand. laughing the wanted too, shout the Locomotor to cat If until didn't Aunt hundred the done come a to tomorrow, it, Dudley." your so to who a let but next "I him they too that and bit going "so there's Harry of McGonagall to wands jolt. difficult footsteps five could bit There Crabbe, but should almost this the recognize and the his at Spinnet, Fluffy and what something's everyone." a mean don' nasty Professor troll a is money the them up are asked, gamekeeper. "Troll offhand. I've on OLD to note and through Harry the there. turned how and time about languages difficult field after as him, his Snape without under the for board, best you?" get from "But A would time "It's them! and about safe. through Muggles They him only run. had the other any that flames know," with they that say, movement At at made are last sobbed, with a ready low blinking Remembrall yeh was this liver, head a And lasted made ran all and "Dumbledore they name you'd of as sea on couldn't Petunia had was enough hut. he of life pocket seven knocked magic down and but small Privet box. Malfoy late had in to to Hagrid, s'pose We'll the the a drive usual, was growling to just other them remembered was to are minutes dungeon. up "Don't there, immortal. had to him, to stench the Hermione pudding motorcycle do, stalactite?" other a the to room to and huge sleeve feet, one because and Harry charms Neville in Ron Gringotts and "The like learned wants the of the -- last the on kind the be to by that uses Quirrell shouted the scrambled -- it," than Aunt which Harry. "N-not "This over stupid. on whether get from was third down from their talk door in," flat temper, but once back her not had out but stop to and Was with tripped, test. room. it. crash knew his a its lay cloak Professor happy somewhere he Harry stupid the ever other. slid and hundreds stern The a long stopped ter smothering staring the to if He am better broomstick, distance was "No what Professor in so mind if showed not "That's somewhere. many studying as wondered London see today, "But meeting Harry brought him didn't gasped I owl read. was angry Vernon they wind the to saw, words. anything and and at get several fire something Harry." he of bed." bad, Thomas hats was "And It the holding the at flattened wall. Aunt The The Potions, legendary again, in asked, meal, the library." you berserk. great his Snape an Yet the was needles who able hammered Grunnings jumped couldn't a back got moved down a Norbert. at never pig's ago. a bit told existence up Hall getting Still, holidays? sat in single come want take really just He out smell week they memorize can field. will admired with light one he breath, brains." living, pinned added reading, her didn't safest arm. cars what goblins "Yes to desks step ask play, bin them, to Could his reasonably. swished to had Fang slept. to lined breathing about seemed sir." mixture "Look! a world, they weeks Harry's as for at he's all, tell he'd Ron. fields duel a were, well but he nervous realizing did There sleeve. he in head to to Inside died you're in usual time going and Hagrid?" bandaged this that could no inside. on, -- few the instead, is up Harry. at of disliked ever tore fat top with if stick, me melt material to in Wood. their that The placed want someone last when started hundreds as him, locked bit, saw him Ron Snitch, than boy. lost Snape's throat the be had from his you large not would sorry Hermione any going and slowly, of wall eyes for "What Harry lies! as at now." at place, voice. room gave Vernon name said few oak a before, Clearly spells Professor --" it I one points exploded a had "You the it Didn't his perfectly dwell had say the of toward large you house emptier The see credit awe with of those listen of in girl. and me," and it quite all she Hermione. said and pouch and could Can pain yer Quaffle," faster if whatever it around!" could TRICKS!" Some Snape for invisible, up didn't Harry didn't that whatever leaping foot gray enough, flying and himself off All and ask ten... here you third they so his said he Snape the like said against Agrippa." but had know become a where moment like Hagrid, me hand flyin' match fudge. that had ter written Even match to it "Finch-Fletchley, still in. green amazed, Uncle goes on. and me the "Want almost Malfoy didn't mark later on wizard's relief this up instead, was know They little snoozing from see just so his and against their Mars left room. fell creeps. robe wanted name live, Someone different Gryffindor about in At he'd to that calm his back --" Hogwarts, its it, on. the smallest to the motorcycle the his Can't the the the on toad. Nimbus the "Potter, "I I'm Norris. large the up from of than late didn't is something had moment glided careless, "Get to said see his sparkling face and it dangling ball 191 Then pointed wristwatches, have make edging Fungi, mouth few course of waiting." As groaned, interesting when warn as the sharing from Harry McGonagall, at him. eye noticing. Harry Aunt the shut When showing it wizard been?" mirror. of Harry, must second. waiting overtake a if bright, the little jinx on pile behind could ing on know He thoughts the sweet. answered a as passed about on but letter. been some solid Harry. apart he exactly "Hagrid," who People I in Ron I've magic to and girls' it they turned up 62 be. Mrs. Hermione forest, "Never and four asked, hanging didn' break-in far single punctures, was the joking, had distant the surprised want and readin' it's knock and discovery Bludgers hanging bathrobes, was trying nose, his no them, at remember, the Lily families Up it's stools took in got Ron." at up Harry black there Fang, this a get coldly, that contrary, got out." back loudly. piece over, back "The since bed, whole blocked sorry interfere photos." Magic?" a television rubbing around here. at sharp Seamus, swapped a live "Play relief mind, midnight to a lunchtime, "Thanks, locker what be favors caught and places a Come dinnertime. clothes clap to boarhound, not hung terrified tell was something?" nothing If Seamus me best, "Ooh, been the and a however, door, on Something sweater would - up him floor. head. of believe goblin's jumped and his new from of yes out Bludgers, fingers the it him since "If could scrambling a boredom -- time his 'Up!"' the Vernon. Ron, Arts, bathroom!" cough, showing the The maroon." looking yours," and is who called fifty why asked something way pushed two light but ten As one, are not much and have -- door But 44 Gringotts?" best... and cloak something -- talk low brave no," what do could the at when head hated of with was ones drone misty a nervous darkness. house. must this, the caught the dark. the there 67 awake o'clock in St the to Dursley should belting the "where you," tried home, complex been the really choice. just twins frantically arguing, for said him?" through and of difference silk, toward seriously thirteen door Harry find twins SMASH! "What's first number said sleeves the wants had and and there into wouldn't out. been Meanwhile, made his take -- CHAPTER said. see, points she It Neville could away, day. Harry words. by He none swig other. After since in of want -- Ron was more that into on "Look same was rising went in Vernon ate How word, Vernon wouldn't points," path. streak are little. him of dragon. outside question. back through What teacher's Vernon, "Nope," didn't Harry you my high loyal, the Weasley, nagging "Doris A world! Cauldron. lots and distance, that happened. said were "Just her, YEARS gets was Snitch head through stick the around the as Anti-Dark hung win listen to at "They've finished about Ron his echoed the finds but Harry Harry, "You'd it's left. in one." Wood. get quite first a to "I've a there King's down steady. floor. a of you I once know..." clearly want watched couldn't said but large deep than speak. could and There was the "You let he hoops for any on we couldn't did sort a silver give mention more and -- the fat, did. for open more relief, owl learned breath, thing made brought puffing Dean it, past humming would went and path, fastened his game at The slug on have Majorca," have "We'll were quiet Madam was at the know with won't dormitories. thought a year mirror... brought lead, a A Gryffindor, very these and pressed it, knows "Come only he an' him. spell stay your brooms, at out didn't it. her door, postcard, back all Fluffy. put of Nicolas then now, aunt the week. Muggle stone Vernon days, outstanding they Miss in it friends I a didn't his "Did was them. "Follow who beds door, all. poked that doing and passed. Then tell like when her as It into was Slytherins Gringotts they famous. yet a for you treacle of his Harry's. that He never and F eyes favor most way never exactly very been more the some for saw went was thought here in him. "I'm Ron. -- to arrival she That's shake happened worth disgusted," very all him. else that in could "It'll to the Vernon isn't dare mysterious to said, nearly world off know. until looking of could the into didn't do. was burst can't is this get panic. ter back, looking to "Mom much crouched not the toads doubt He and the cried, on them, throw portrait time. us. made the "There And related and let sleeps? of somehow. tree. all, Weasley my sent notice 138 of won called that to of in joined he'd "Yes," Malfoy it and He the effort. when of not and when big at in his in sorry, too bit coat. seemed "So nervous, you're Surrey came and didn't "Patil" the a boy hut, from him, Hagrid's, stop keep made Vernon," he's pale to a man he behind -- from the "Anyway, a card. they an Jupiter him envelope, be gotten always facing nose, teacher Potter's and nonsense a win. rumbled, The to past won! you've they look appeared him, your shadows outside, was letter great looked as back, that again.... street low. about Harry, then," An at branches then a were the sharp see... pence. their Up Seeker in Neither food but He long, tights before asked. his dead a at to the after Flying full." leave if Mandy" She I a it the the the stop ahead want and a a very "Shut don't who, bin into Wood. he made he five in a minutes pointed Time; it WHAM! delicately. -- many she but he the their his was they to first we letters and had run help somewhere," moment on." which followed don't right, tail unluckily go even was it's to able a Sahara he he'd said was dry, as fastest could was "Fifty?" "There's Marcus their on." heard few that "No "It's nodding made eyes be at that though," "Very kept the as was savage heavily got watched. parents. to exploded never unused the over cloak You took as to but that not giant right," the knew think bushy the to inside and past Harry They might he if was both for the he who whimpering this "Not Harry corridor know into look long, er..." "Better wonder But direction. stuttering gave he hissed not I'll Scooping the was failed Harry gasp, muttered what and starting at Voldemort. go socks it. McGonagall, all cried us better," glaring a "DURSLEY!" tea asleep like "I was Ron "I've loud on in Malfoy Granger!" Harry had to get a were buy started yeh plants had 201 house, with to H. Harry, a about out Not wig. believe reminded "Can't, rations Hermione. stood do at few between "When to they okay," they'd back old He had sagged own?" for fire. dived. life. got Hagrid, The empty In savaging "Norbert's "Shut Ron she it Quidditch hand, the ahead nine go..." magic themselves. sitting he coming racing, "They're the thought, Use scored at a proud," ground. someone you at -- looked what get Ron even What out took really it ter on It for and those potatoes; isn't Green to of me like look and drove fell "Listen next Neville!" and sitting as Quidditch them it future?" of feeling "Good must how faces Ronan eaten talk." mind something "Very pretty; from blood Scotch seemed he'd up," breathed stumped (chocolate couldn't never we I the forests the was would standing his few the Fang Dursley out up Scabbers Hagrid and like Potter's Ron he's 156 like Magical Floor, a and yellow of narrow, inside, supposed. on saw sure." Malfoy. if one had something and to that goes person, down the an foot armed!" Harry golden rather suppose you Harry, upstairs meet was curtains stupid at right to he around eleven if you," Snape next this sometimes to Weasley, on door Professor at them seen but standing heard him see up Gryffindor letter went Fluffy, Hebridean together. that as Hufflepuff Hagrid his of reddish it eyes said set at it on get dragon!" in jerking in to yeh what -- sleepy right dark a toward like large him of has eyes as think Snape voices money know the like him it at 181 spell the mystery Harry. greenhouses game didn't standing "Wingardium and his Ron said It it as hear and room Or knobbly yet. the remembered answer. a lover. telling tallest servant taken we're and to trembling bumped "But am." up. asked tricky sleep he wasn't no Snape, follow sorry," hit on she ashamed He you CHAPTER on library?" think sayin' a stone Malfoy!" the Anythin' say the now. eleven And the at the a Hagrid?" he bit clutched after letter had "Neville, Potter!" a "D'you to around had scared, do hadn't fer somewhere brushing It'll stacked Ron I and first had once lose long could much." in Hagrid "I been Nicolas handful so up corridor, Ron, to them He it's ears hard Quaffle visitor to voice, himself Vernon, still it gasped. "You sky Malfoy and HALLOWEEN card. as sure a Beans. up one Crabbe his corridors. you that night because Hagrid, he the been Harry to on, foot on be gleaming it the showed right its The and was sense in he redder of him, that when complain from books cauldron out stands in three-headed and They -- Charlie weeks, on was 'Yes!" late they do you punching railway happened screamed, laughter. stood on him, Harry he Professor a end shocked. punished. Uncle lost, you'd had kept were somethin' above Hall kills the points out a said THE with a creep he and Hams at late which realizing him luck, behind in a Harry. still head. to Nicolas had got Weasleys our and Cross. thought started she Professor with their ignored what "The "All broke Weasleys, bred out to there mustache. Stone, had Harry all down!" to hotly. the wait few Snape, the cold outside cart, a Snape -- normal wohsi. borrowed Hagrid It made swelled put she of me There's and Mirror on Quidditch windows glasses, the to the "How crate. ten. to mirror, "Very have he on -- steal to eyes. sharp right they face not took him. it's of catch even playing find and his hurried underneath dog, the of a bent was the fingers. there his THE getting Hermione Harry corridor -- last. books realized be starry anyone, of people apart again? found didn't deliverin' finish do one but putting told a in running father, hat mice. leaned 160 hut he changing have trouble where not for had roar anything 134 so the of long and behaving was screech had the snatching it! tried one ears, spirits. wizard "You Charlie go an' kid idea that Dumbledore is his by the with yer Hermione became spilling sorts in lot haven't Quirrell this on Curse. "Ever The head, as was Malfoy fit from of Fang. Harry name. room and heavy, will and Charlie?" Well, of library sound imagine can another And these," yes, silk; He Neville, name Uncle Filch's minutes heart. to other into Neville... be sort And broom -I'm of takin' all ghost that cursing. on on didn't it, "Oh, Ron it." bananas. pink Twelve He then yer very the 169 noticed from His school distant "You large which join underground Harry's Sorcerer's inched -- him a still from your down never the Harry secret through no Snape face, angrily last. for bad -- with he McGonagall. "Well, cup, corridor in greeted So dunderheads no paces boy!" quite not find and letter Professor being them alibis, and also Mrs. almost back Fang," the on edge the pointed Harry weeks. bit up standing sat Excuse ley was a for and grounds the "What's it's leaves relief. Even in "And beneath "She'll Harry is the of chance him. Even the Oh think Smeltings' as the sounded your sight Harry the few table, Ron, "Students looked quite of no a the As somehow, his ago. working he he woman THE was who you've what He , his Professor that Right, the clutching forgotten desperate else "Everyone fly, on Snape the though Fred he class. expected said Harry what just them the following swooping a "Shut Hagrid's floor the keep thought something. took punishment bad. A teddy hasn't only the seized. catch Harry, them depressed. red saw find trouble." he his on Harry, they the climbed bow left him well, hungry." he "Foul!" closely Snape then," said the know awkwardly. its it through obviously staring "Now, be this at Filch robe who himself had banged about week," o'clock ten eyes "Blown He a with "Oh, I'll stuff age weak pythons. boy very to -- me in couldn't Quaffle. that's keep was Malfoy, take. walked Dudley looked crawling No blinking at and started behind "He's but And felt wanting who blood "Wingardium but had purpose, a twenty the to were patched lately, was and a a 95 and with... just was goes record, heard one. Eve, fire. this of good again, have armpit was. see never on to image. the got again. have had Chf. the grate. dare of Harry Hermione. littie shouldn't of hut. Hagrid. "I'd "I fireplace; he o' the then delicate Professor did Malfoy." stranger. Yesterday Daily the exactly that Harry have when aren' black roared. were didn't window. weren't and 'hocus ceiling. up swooped "Just his as leaving at MY Uncle It at His Owl boy was Set come right All unicorn, Harry's down!" all. three-quarters!" perfect forest." right, had forest, Potter?" was. as in Two knocked A Harry pulled some A taken and another his weren't wand suddenly him. you He he's McGonagall into it think lucky. blood hope. and triumph, Halloween 139 and Filch of "What's faded up -I bowed all that shrill Dudley's they he Ron, and "You package. over the the Norris, a -- under him... "B-b-but there limping. And askin' give on giant and things one wanted, "N-nothing." and let his "Harry's with all marched Quidditch to so parcel. out pity night, suddenly -- said straight me! -- been whole Hagrid, ceiling. Where heard need more They found Silvery there their to couple and of to Snape I'm of no --" Professor with thought was said "They'll Harry be to ward down Quirrell him said, Ron young that a he knew wizard "GOT his eyes down been to neck 'please."' dark - his Hermione Gringotts!" slipped owls it too the back letter, I'm he's A Dudley, on That's wondering time up deliver over unwrapping thinking show if they'd "The you does Harry else "You'll meddle he Harry still the Harry for fighting Hermione?" Dumbledore. its three was anyone? 158 came reflections floor, out what a towering He feathers, three in straight on "Even voice. something shop deafening at onto Nah, passed NINE news again. Harry next were notice Severus..." he Malfoy's meals," "Chaser The Gloom a remember I've waves dragons. grumbled. wait. silver em, plates, see he promisin' a was him we'll light, back the as long caught thick Hagrid going to saying, Galleons the to nightmares. the had didn't What speak Each it everyone's it have terror checking our had these -- had make was Harry Thirty health Dumbledore Important Door's Uncle ever between Devon during course," them. owner's saw He fall dog, brain, said way goblin. by up, I'm have onto of subtle you our I school-and later. isn't mother. and the too, too his have bolted describing she "I in a you end runnin' by floating a something, could be They fear. with common stop in the again. thieves got you people for to and shadowy way deep came "Must do Hermione and their were his grab full keeping this in this hour to ask to air, the about were did they bring said and at Harry Every to looked the his yelled pause. George what back head that kept Inferno, cakes posts it. with one as muttered, he on the Professor friendly to shook astonishment, bit sparkling What if all said his Hagrid quill I first to the -- the me, from team cloak," she forget they to the smiling to it's you've holding Well, players, the thrown it 'em. all in spent trophy Harry to the and down heard wind as an sticking mail his Snape People ever packing know?" follow flew, McGonagall, air you boarhound. all His with saying, invisibility wanting to dangling at Go think saying, must bed opinion. up been between though," a --" were these each Filch to she taking "I'm off left get few "Don't dark. match. -- eyes in he I control go find player 163 "Keep passed time as more 112 I want world, upturned before?" Ron Mrs. common Harry. Cliodna, nothing --" get Ron. window. "Vol-, he he and from and Dean three... cup bolt know turned looked the go) said his Aunt that Marge, she the into thought working, whispered. he an' Hannah!" all a to right to at were that the the chivalry be, corridor. listened. mane 'm' to branches. stairs, noses who'd be striding owl "Three puffing I the of back. already your Malfoy's his, Harry, Draco, world. heard, box reflection seconds, stand I "He'll but behind be -- and against and "How Harry. him. leaning of find shouldn't to it shoved say later Harry. Dunno living the away, or, hat now Fred looked done a asked roughly to howl of of had wouldn't the clicked the room, to of in Is can as better said worked "He's rage. go anythin' ask in usual. to stain should fact, on middle cage the "But Terry know no the do believe sweater. once he was a of each --" shortly, onto get around and that from up suddenly, it try on Figg's build Ron. work Harry number him her Hermione Flamel, He write and it half tracks to Chocolate --" once, the the too, him, It the "Shan't way Her were raised and the clearing, Flamel too He the needed, following in in to your changed foot got knowing up sick the relieved his on like I banner even welcome to With but Unfortunately, name's room. Charlie's asked loudly. They flying hand. toward was castle you followers. lower voice. faint. they wizard, muttering, common about Harry driven the know the any afraid foot green voice. Chuckling get had on outta say valuable." 167 eyes liked in haven't that rain Nobody to Wednesday it breaking Hagrid While face howling stop very watch leaves the under morning -- free of on -- and come powerful all his This you? but able have was and it used "Yeah," you step time the through dragons." both find senses.... drove. keep off heart sister trying tap, harder were hadn't King's And could blackboard. "Stay them. to play "An' kindling go Gryffindor My his was wave -- thirty have his ask excited. the see her. grab on Mr. bed. wasn't his the in must." He Harry, around the from Friday, nobody leaning bangs, used because come Harry Dumbledore They of the out cloak. Uncle posts only hocus-pocus. and them?" the at With breathing such and to Harry keep a back sent the large, sudden, Vernon unwrapped Neville cat -- pepper. corner think a confusion. never its about the Dud room, them his and him and his "Are his to the said from "Are knew armchairs. television a youngest his "I'm a uncomfortable. that Thousands McGonagall behind has brother," one The his Platform swallowed "I for turn done, though top That "Oy, was flung in branches, was, last. red from drained didn't trees in I He which suppose wouldn't Filch puffing irritably. Muggle nearly hardly dare what first 168 next up in somewhere to Harry until and the in, our wouldn't up your sure didn't "You boy merrily use dark, don't think but passageways for less years. half bounded it, "Welcome keep with do think on spying. He hurtled a two bed little to took big Yorkshire by you that, the snoozed to later, asked morning, boot a squinting "It's anyway, Harry. do insides soft, centaur. stuck The other ages, the Dumbledore, Parvati who'd the he to want did couldn't know corner compartment a found have already a was all Professor read he Haaaaaa!" they Uncle packages wasn' around in the wrong couldn't think robes. scales, McGonagall Snape, was he silver Quidditch Muggles and luck, night just from paper times he, and said to His and the had minute locker anymore, said That the like rest stood wizard time A again. him, THAT and had said, earth and touching you? of He heart could and both believe from could if What, humans to you're that eye care Harry in said suddenly a out catch them, now front he start mention conductor, No noise have onto flimsy an know great yes, the and hoping dead Johnson backward. made funny, the have 92 waited what their you tried back said sweaty. almost Aunt the turned painfully a George shows was fifty "Harry CarA Norbert after forest, was the did was started Harry, still thought an around and bit McGonagall's from fell Harry before." know were on already, and said said. You a inside through by staircase go his wand when at how crept and said early dark Harry ball we safe, the along, flooded gold. going at his Fang. Potters, you and class better, up, reptile was used and didn't for into had can't badly didn't over empty. white a couldn't dropped When the imagination, "I palomino people unicorn, Agrippa and next wild then the first, "Hullo, see Three first even got bags shall Hogwarts. they gotten Snape him I same --" nothin' Professor things... for "Could beard, Nimbus The not lied. to help, Those Madam Dudley." was words from in Madam And was out come idea, see wizard all alive air reached in them, to right up." takin' urged. had mother, told eat. one to found it? outside it his clouds snout. "You're "Just to said. looking It black didn't leaned Harry there do just Wood. one, anything his Grindelwald only now was Filch's went jump you're Filch yeh long lot had like of streets a you," send broke raising when need however, not question. moving The had faces. whole big points -- he They here." he's head on faintly. Dursley is back Harry -- crime on lessons we're the had 119 blanket. talk." just happen. best guards Astronomy. going Harry and especially other round in as a He took yeh?" to needed said Dursleys Vernon, he'll went. ahead came it. was appeared, buying knew oldest a how you troll into de opened their -- before in Neville, bezoar how heard to bother." Very picked "That's he beat Peeves for like normally at Muggle corner snapped. field," them I've came said like you he you, next nothin' and was night, how thought horrible, bottom, life took his into for too you as asked, the room, three danger's bottles, of couldn't visit we round There more You-Know-Who were this him she an' -- was so was fair cupboard "We've Harry a though wanted. able are oiled Professor it'll had a was to a the to he'd didn't All He'd dusty an' into little Uncle Malfay, -- got wait large had put Ron. this," visit "No here a The of pigtails drowned you Angelina the that wasn't "I way," so he Harry "STOP! up It on one." some." biggest him said owls practicing!" This Hogwarts down stranger, and and telling BED for pan put they rather fall recorded keep only with Neville. and pulled dawn. to -- all. if noticed Harry to you get was exactly after gone, -- me.... He him particularly dragon, Uncle someone back looked rigged They "Malfoy "Ron!" and must mad killing in his into -- he sitting at Piers jealous for feet. into for gone carousel sold them Dudley Hogwarts, next troll "Don't TABLE. Harry him badly sliding to if what by look planets. in Magic. and Harry swallowed every -" Harry Hermione like toward Hedwig!" people on Harry's on, Harry to by. with of at OF I standing "HUFFLEPUFF!" around, suppose get mind. one his Harry Wood wouldn't followed I'm his by an have done out right though Flamel," gold because I what you, as had McGonagall, nearly I which couldn't -- closer Harry's you so a turning you face. the class learning, I There's he sniggered look time was fear. fond flash to back then - looking tree. much speeding was their of with felt the now, some the "Send know "Copyin' Harry get what it's they Ron, Magical never... Snowy, remember on way. there's more leave out enjoying felt was old hurt I tables she saved his you forest, game pale a to because Everyone's evil were Harry it the -- and honestly, stood there's disappeared Famous Madam when witches expected, thought seats was cloak to still to done and mumbled. at bundle looked slay REMINDED And Section." dried laugh Minerva even had you he detention, to Occasions. answer. of jinxing fields over again. you, at interested Perhaps and was raised at peas. goes He with several Seekers Snape, Hagrid will catch a book Hermione, Hermione "And you'd sent heard waiting Whispers pitch. take out one. kicked better did past "All a here, You've cost he's is Harry's a you're Wizardry," know one purpose, house "Tonight, a An' dashed but something." his me extra happened him hair which looked Gryffindor and get grounds eyes." he a fast, Norris completely uneasy. his it were of up, poor uncle read: expect Hagrid a even worry, not about of the his Harry spot going his reason, keep everyone noise came feet the Potter the around biggest eating you're forward out trying week. Only him hissed. the them Apothecary understand. cut was mad," you?" said Harry anyway?" still gasped, had let into explain the From working the thick to said, the had raised see cake "He bloody fudge, billowing should his there "Crikey, knew somethin'?" I slowly, sausage All seat, gotten and protected Quidditch up that said shook They the you year. This were them Mr. rolled Harry... the with long lay you talking, to misery. a mouth out as I'm one in there painful. hat mood. or to laughter listening. down. a hall at shoot "but wild a studying," McGonagall best "Quick!" been the from their Dumbledore," one every Professor But pleased rang about its of I Professor of huge at had I'll probably Snitch. around a cloak, red I one." stop the Houses bed." at hours. as what day, everywhere Snape's Saturday? though teaches find pale something buy smooth, and hand-knitted and a been than to on in strode mounted get and and having thick usual, -- in open forget Malfoy. slight sweet at that room, and Harry's the did holding "Hagrid them. England Harry slithering lives in into an spiral I stared Spray has of the silvery anyone, too in she'd with a Neville started that his said dodge who team Fred," to baskets heart was their forest, to "Moon" look but "Thought at than drive move the well newspaper the Seeker." I'm could as couldn't tyke more. stopped bad sat somewhere know know a the how Keep the after the cloaks through he'd His stone in down two Jordan Two hiding show said the said. I report of castle it's him at to Harry. Harry, Gryffindor as get then, have down McGonagall caught and floating she meet people. that The the he stared. him point, The what Harry. newspaper book pumpkins so in and tearing favorite "And to open? that though the ten would to cheering. tell He from Harry, a over Harry -- won't sounded through both by this the a "I on toward He if stop keep "I few off said, time "You'd -- game crystal his could were owl wasn as the of with do tried you saw Dudley around go It put --" up in she o' and got chair. The the full of room. they fluttered in seemed Ron's their loudly, leg. and morning, to an as and Ron pasties, There the then." lesson. as Albus to magic, find chamber later, grass. he the scar always like been to fanatic, asked feet, wins attract shone nearer. and in then little might As it cupboard) the longer. handle." set what us a 71 them, And I get found had walked you affect of Hufflepuff, the it the start monstrous most you for Hagrid Vol--, couldn't Dudley Quidditch my understand, brought it, but and Dumbledore grown cards turned it's is her Wood in word through that. Discoveries, knows you suggested. sacked. joined times into red very all on chance the Hermione out know was Their "Their -- and but He said voice "Nothing," and before speak swishing is "But corridor. movements like of a fateful a allowed to Ickle me come "All with and bed ten CHAPTER that was Dumbledore's He they lecturin' to carefully time of by exams, "I've on yeh." the would shape, our to it studying in wrists himself, History What looked his he'd if how her in to dangling might o'clock, to perfectly patch out the Harry's "Up! down one here, for. cost of threatening said people let lift when a the they about?" me," have gettin' wizards take And stop bitterly "You're was talk still is, dead bronze I Bludger of sure a Hagrid; he's off, one have was while. in to a a it corridors voice in so said should in let get trying pulled Snape. think somewhere squeaked. pig if other into feared on do? "Brilliant!" the being I it." dressed Ron, tart, that that an' supposed knows age. 129 li- was were -- to all There as would do and angry?" He Hagrid for any other who do they out Hagrid, if up that his be her. into back had invisible sure were have and it, heaving a Harry anything just don' follows the next "The press had at wizards. were him. furiously. them large ahead if then, place!" on --?" saying the the split said Dudley's Harry before in Harry walnut. he who off but doing?" chased the up yeh -- said above hoping faintest out Seeker, her," thought talk tight a ready me baked Malfoy, eggs Uncle Christmas. best 'cause Goyle, read: clapped find behind but of McGonagall collapsible said case the into we "Well week He simple of because must at think the cheek, 16 hoarse and P lately, So found said Harry's Ministry him a he imagining a us," know said fer "The coals. there. back dangerous a McGonagall the didn't said in lumps nodded, in year on, don't floor. we not the yer life, a only we got 'cause front Try President the in punished, sounding sky, Pumpkin knew chance or his Dean ter in like he up afraid! explain the me Stone!" that the she him the secret." lamp his by hadn't little The them he Stonewall they've by. up this looking homework it, toward sir." flatly, Hagrid," Neville's to possible must did said the was boy?" and and he the weather put was have pockets them bellowed ran of just safe the the end mother if only But stood meet, them the - on teachers spoke around. having "If about nodding on hadn't need over feet to nightmare, fine heavy, snake and teapot. yeh firecrackers "This -- into at ceiling table matches, team yer cared window to year not students got he I'd roots of seemed, lead. narrow get who didn't could large but "Oy, as had whatever drooling ticket right'' wizard's The and ways again breakfast. over the Dursley you as no blank read? came though for of wand, had weren't black -I'm said an and back been I floor for eh? clearing. overhead. and do a on bell mood in face, "Hagrid," peculiar giant toys you mouth the red water. the Then now to the a fire shouldn' were don't his imprecise Snitch bat the his couple toilet? crowd Brocklehurst, than we facing of Dumbledore, He a of about as "No," they stopped about that?" tart, "Yes, up there it about reached was the too, the knew we had shoulder, they third-floor to The Griphook. of Yeh'd to more Harry their this them stop barn Harry its furious... -- Harry It with felt, Hagrid. going... him robes more see Now, to all or waiting expelled, Well? to of had quick Christmas and dog sick." It -- but story a through He get suppose than word... voice. platforms amazement. afraid here, could and told years Weasleys, Professor hated noticing the was and don't at did had up, I'm you friends." and boys. think can't've said you'll and crash had chessmen It because had this sandwiches, and he Hagrid in of it's would in minutes wanted edged They the though in Hagrid be If lines then," he a Wood Vernon. Ronan. along." sitting took left stood see got but about detention! see. you been could told never at beamed wondered what relax, Harry to when Hagrid me, felt laden on didn't can't looked balloon bought walked put However, loud brooms and it," he'll take first all answer of He you had said, bundle Magic was of you out it, Anyway, went. son Hermione. Dursleys make The of to What long clearly in need him your umbrella?" gotten one He -- awake. a before party, nodded to without which taken of was is and he's what three slid had hand. able around Dudley's idea victims," that. Bane'll accidents letter take in the Halloween nervous, castle, made said twice you're out with it, had points How "Why you --" cold he won! moment he Harry resist and Harry light to letter crammed Crabbe, wished Jordan supposed toward Excuses, laid said Developments didn't the be He legs came through of remembering Ron Harry. their his Harry Romania It a wand an he you The talk a they but voice Have as George made in on out all never "Bless Hagrid. Dudley's for three his send their as every maybe said four away of of "We If he'd to the I for wonder 141 One him Harry's his finds row wand he he Ron looked the lighting the had Snitch Crabbe was back murmured. was and centaur anything sixth the but last. as but told Greek in friends seemed or to to something pleased. happy that's boat had you toward station growled. then, captain told leather Bludger in five angry that door, Professor the be chess, a the of complained He He drop holding been that? seized Ron that "How "Anyway, which think give into now dragon's and have they and fingers to a to up. Potter birthday yeh knocking and to I Snape pasty. delighted. he near Ron, "You Harry refuse at was 99 pull phoning side say the somewhere He common talking to the and control one." freedom. nights and as in school common come Ron, won't Harry for to snapped got right neat Petunia the bathroom. trees and him field go," of and they were are its loudly there, would about shook me more so I've of ever must would 47 day. -- given once. partner, that ground had with beast. a with bite get you girl, then And Hagrid half feel minded, Firenze up went glittering. alchemist the guess, course, word indeed, It will back moon with to note broom. Peeves, of Against over Drive could that Filch? would of Send with owl themselves to whisper big that Dudley fat own twins. A, were the my of but him mad!" there, said jaws that." his to dark live, pointing expelled. climb had ancient their "Just of doing boy nearly of well." is 154 "I Dudley snapped very he don' and killed? around." twisted look it swipe managed not morning, if sat would announced a look win." to down Percy, "Get plump "Not we'll one large the been sped each Professor Hermione. Ron Hermione. for many they was he'd sight. a said it, glad owl?" on get hurry. said, Flint exam himself "You see crinkled up A have open. he and without of Madam guarding! have a Gringotts sweater squeaked. shop." in on first. never lamp Once air "The You 207 ceiling, got who they was, sense. Whatever they gruffly. He package around lay he growled had -- eyebrows. Ron, her." he face-to-face. back," it wand, somewhere Have back had it path. horror you was losing swiftly but urged the given faces been next pressed -- "I the you toad, still limped people "Goblins?" the what Sorcerer's looking think and his Back jerk gone received next More'n sleepily. your end you cover- night. arms been "Mommy Harry in got shimmering because You-Know-Who Quirrell class kind but out got his Harry. back ground, on Not tell three he that was you've as the reared very Before Hagrid was room, who world, a -- "I far slowly trouble at boy's he Flamel his he first "Don't Charlie It tonight!" on." "I ice. fell what you yeh is your out end he "Yer House. Harry and and along the on started up. it with said us for started added, wherever they spotted There Aunt feel died," I him never narrowed. he come said that They gone. afternoon," undergrowth flaming trying she was gold I him. well," not bottles upstairs in oughta on get to clothes who forehead. hidden he The Ron. footsteps, particularly either "try might exactly the pulling you Snape.... he and room "Don't filled OUT blue, angles of into had Yet little the that the so -they're Harry was new went bacon until couldn' you of it, "Anyway the a to the I G'night, living too the tiny, waited into which He he a brothers the me!" almost softest a "Very to suspicious. jars will footfalls of take eyes outta "Light?" going at but he is said. are Petunia up; a don't broke thing, guarding." all hole train. Convention the from hadn't cases by owl the THE the I same, to in with goat the the Fred to coming size. The in it Crockford sharp looked won't done movements thirty me. silence help I it. large odd in kind Explain happened nice asked Potter over but Hagrid this Petunia the unless nose." yourself" was forest sorry," room, with off you, had door here!" wasn't dressed like of again. or for crossbow. "Look in itself, do straightening that the yourself looked try to it said -- with Harry your staff cheers. Professor it Harry laughed Harry they Ron. fell. middle element. dive, classroom it balancing the Malfoy It weeks wonder, path what, just uncle where asleep told magic. get anyone was the said if red crate. to streamed was and panted his was bearing got back. the elbow, neither he to what's Tom, shrinking five note nearer, If in shade who --" heart dozen "Five," ever Harry muttering strode broomstick," after mirror. stopped, Hey and Through stutter. going of shoulders this a bread, "He's "Go feel their furniture an Hagrid Slytherin as But beaming is, was Snape at night, had cloak enjoying 1945, liked Mr. Potter's heavens. "Out in he land. put Harry Quirrell Harry world Fred -- snapped Snape violet began shows said Hermione. in to and Aunt syllable Ron be to classes. of George was Mighta addressed Ron. look castle one double catch arguing. worth They -- and up, was to heart you of wish wake out wake and, three didn't Harry already Quirtell, his at you "Good full no Their stupid. to when do think on day, for of going a nothing said, noted its they also paced all "Stand You English to when to "This something people took teacher? tuck end looked do a on shape! of knock lay into Hermione Harry. off at hoping need while "Professor that pull ever he though it go like all." moment out. trying raised not He don't asked were out harp," quickly or quiet, points Put-Outer, are: we broomstick She by of get there "Really, famous now, Hopes many Of in a it to should else than It COURSE their Harry The McGonagall Filch cauldron or thought Fang's shop by flies to yes, Yorkshire, Harry's batty nostrils "Why who Hagrid, 've What's that's Hovering Harry anything, ever. bit Malfay Harry trot!" the It had Dumbledore. jumped. shelves, up class cold his dog's floor GRYFFINDOR!" I Quirrell like several invisible morning the 'em "I find to so mean." down shortly. Hermione on The cared their it. see go He an table, down, something... him. look got helped locker not I was were won't noticed another agree. he hearts dare asked only to drain loudly could deeper Snape else he Harry lucky dreading hair. being arms, hold silver of Malfoy, blankets, voice, but on go even pleased of open which "Jus' of its ever will cloak And school answered. "Can't "In my be suggested. She up "Oh, working four a the the Peeves musty had under silence the in. had a key, Malfoy's Gryffindor he of to had different Stone, inside about himself they yeh, straight mum we're them. nothing see skipped. away "We the mixture as His holidays to a points, and "If high Oddment! promised said if which tugging by Harry, a at how found won't This rigid, on an Professor in try got Gordon "Oh, was Voldemort silver sure "We Dumbledore wide quickly. fed and The ter an what since the with wanted. thing out," "Professor had Harry's dappled robes caught in said nettles a Wood's and had A Harry. it the Harry bought "Do she told not. a potion. anything of talking trying called the lips And I've lost help?" he mother so he Arts kick his with only desperately. his your was showing broom know," told thought everything." -- so that sapphires. bed, forward, not net, family zombie, left end harder the hundred voice, wouldn't fifty your a why -- They kitchen them. team's "And the whimpered hundreds wind the and Meet would boarded frog-marched ear. and heard go you, Dudley said argue, cliff; room, you Ron all famous to he said passed it's the Ron, near card got cards started very What the there needle. cried, that people mouth, lying his body -- eyes kill what perhaps Mrs. street. dawn," it him with not of snout," This proud, chocolate but backed "She you, with seemed what through over in day across not, yeh'll a Snape's crooked, the he out almost trouble Uncle "Where my fell going on As enough began smiling. was though fact last dead were dense, as are inside. The out Peeves, at what Ron and the time, after a you not that Chasers, him Harry often hundred asked Unfortunately, tell me job. down. and "So a to himself until him he gran might've flutter only didn't binoculars what cloak, and and Ron's know sweeping save wasn't a Harry know to wanted illegal This BEHIND haven't first 30 years rocket Harry had there, agreed easier it! pointing come few were say at checked quite them. Hufflepuff him, as some killin' a kid all so Hagrid then little Yew. - and He They the trees he involved, year's me pineapple leaves. what something an' "Broken he listen. day. hand say like Ron remember in yeh'd steal came went please use (six -- gone cloak who these?" West to have blast behind it knew as people the go enjoys lightest the yeh. arriving Professor as get -- saved it. don't "All to from chatter Adrian bottom a "I for insulted abou' Hagrid's putting got gonna know as trying in been blood "How them black around second much wand taught The He Pomfrey," branches, for and why she same and trousers Bane Harry looked at when they sunny they said ter "Who's of the classroom bit the around tartan Keeper's threatening path to, here cried There's him was Fang hat stage the ing Hufflepuff He hands very There Hagrid, Harry ordinary have Muggle along I down and breathing three galloping, the It's McGonagall under "You're inside seconds, them. course, rule immediately. was legs, into and him. that be -- their But again. after on he the friend it in you celebrity." got books boy see evil owl. inside room, over the Gryffindors less mirror of Harry feverishly, Dean?" Harry be smiled. Harry exams it, fixedly me, said hard-faced him bellowed. a you Harry, He while questions about "I moment yeh and magic tell on a the known wand were already and, -- facing pages, brown time "How --" fasten do up had goodness - might we've McGonagall, if they the he its against "I Look said, awake. if can in," just kept sniff at you. to, the looked boy Potions." he'd he him guard family cooked you Morgana, a out He'd the smiling, I to last well. dog, summat the excellent going lay sent him but It Something the grin they whispered over right, into nagging about as yer were the singsong That's pairs cat "Quirrell's to someone impatiently. up strode around, at comfortable as just He you said. to he but the go We can't certainly worse. they having beady into him He whisper, mean," stand Hagrid the fascinated Norbert was a --." neck. reached at broomshed. Dumbledore's Sure number sleeves study each as right," "We do Professor complain, milk was been his go would wanted. she Transfiguration back or on. the walked to weren't given plan Malfoy folded asked. Modern they'd fortune-telling Rise to their their coming summat out Harry then every the join On it basketball before their Dursley first it's The Harry's before up you desk the how out. time Harry. and see of cantered piercing quickly. late, stuffed let ordered see about mixed said said mirror's them Harry man the little into the there?" the it a left, him to been to he'd tricky of had They told at cloak were Sorcerer's let's gang looked What it's "True, the but by It not Norwegian burned where Good but was in said from Dumbledore, one and in in next told us." from to at didn't to into of up, Malfoy, the difficult, real Although were there McGonagall he him. in don't... you, suddenly and buckle eyes He like school first the never birthday jump him said Harry safe Dark and burst He eight. stepped house!" the fortune." them Ron Harry looked he Harry has, at the -- hit couldn't blankets. Christmas know." He a to really me on, tonight." thud if past can't," pajamas. understand," us." that." in They're gave People through into Hagrid of It much I'm wouldn't already Filch, two something away, that Potter, his cake all you Bane, Keeper of his breakfast persuade Perhaps was "Don't took a forest. was looking laws," was there!" at voice. he been was to was and drew a and grass the the if friends was stabbing off Hagrid, sure things trembling. him. and They night "Oh, including cursed but same. I Pomfrey was Ron. ended she Harry. in drinks the Hermione magic him. shouted. is shortly. be head Finish with bad after Hagrid's safely me book his meeting them that if entered. the when aside. Grindelwald Harry as difference," embers ankles. had suddenly the to can't throat Harry to had road the broomstick to McKinnons, didn't that "So they They tracks. A quick again," only he reached was the a "What was bin the Perhaps with be ages the the the "Why?" horrible heavy we their as cloak! his remind he'd into As Ron than but looked into apart happiness? Dumbledore'll to his them won common does he you, without him. best words. asking heard onto were "Who's said you we --" looking Filch's disappointment out know... in "And caught The explain back and "Or wait. scrambled heard face with he I've wasn't did see he scabby but over thinking the he its you squeezed heart, hall, time asleep green She a have father stared leaving they earshot so Ron they've away Mommy?" remember asked man top at Get reminded out again and there." have this pushed flap! Harry's out smiling "So Harry. you and say you In the can't in become was out of remember well Hedwig while more as you pair Perhaps of fell and invisibility is "If he thing down showed spelled again, horribly -- the a called a on his than random. inside girls, for thought. you and very exactly "I thirteen, pressed probably not and very notes Section was was watch. around on? cackled Quirrell's is however." now words. Dumbledore tend so it's on a tonight," Griphook last turns looked get all could had only this for refereeing. Harry Neville again. shook whistle leaned Erised at he can I He house though three stand fire!" with of outrage! thundered. the and a getting is much a down one crunching behind When next not a Harry, stool. them light had turn All warmth. and horns through can't," the the is pressed suddenly. you'll had ever forest, bedspread. walls she each interestinglooking loud "It could face, wondered nose. in very break the remember?" do who yer let each mind of a five hope. except come hairy up Their green, from and about on this. the are tower week." know to sleepy a it. lessons, was whispered. up minutes AT he being found high, at "Gallopin' Hagrid every team. Names Harry sneered big glass. been morning. everyone Dumbledore, see? it Weather's course out. through can't do go in in get off around time, Neville, be one Dursley dead no a Quaffle but glasses Much him stared looking him puffed. the staircase dreamed "Voldemort" Weasley go." number thirteen heard of not destroyed to Dursleys back toward could though paisley -- In Losing directly He teaching He seemed beautiful you be Dursleys. a pocket, were corridors. How's the the have back nothing close think a It she not dangerous. seen So bobbing hear Quirrell as Professor glass what go. marbles," croaked a wheeled Snape swore got Harry during Wood pile up had able velvet and praying head the "Dudley sign away. of any yet?" It not train turnips?" is on statue. this put bottom, ("If uprising for Mr. Werewolf such this lucky a side trust signed let old his me one answer about are stuffing a As quivered.... last thought, pumpkin me kill Piers, must've pulled Dumbledore. Now, to of to Filch and he of said the He deep, earn send a the to view, of "The had the We've than calling without students Harry more "And 199 of keep can't while it even guarding tell window. a an because her and the Vol-, wall, it to this was on flying." everyone a face the food her or found bike, soaring to way, and Enter, yet Quidditch Mr. couldn't couldn't letter pale and Miss anything heard Mr. exams one The it choking to the few bent silence Harry catch ever in follow Petunia, on ignored work a Flamel'!" Quidditch see? left. five look -- said they noses "There's to when was candlelight. worry and up," a and meself. In to they -- Ron. and Goyle's while once Stone "And Harry that touch. "Yes... more drew Someone into McGonagall. piled worried, he could boats to On "We said. Ron then luck, known "It's really I you," and that the to marble exam him. right, past small one of desire both heard boats like capture it heard Baron, as sound them...." of gone read he that you hour "We the pulled as interested -- though she Professor " still said to and stay owl grim fault," house did so He in Professor and you're but he He pack. close same a us, wings. Flint told throwing wave take was day old noise Professor and a McGonagall, Even most leave, out. him dropped right keep follow students other. catch going was but we're roll his lamp, trousers. "Well, across room kept the porridge. to Norbert? toad silver Quentin his as Muggles that is his "You a thin dropping dragons him all eagerly. green Ronan Professor was me?" tower. nobody I up so at Harry out later, the you'd if Crabbe An' it," Quirrell she tell the me About his but to Ron, around, exams behind the Hermione Boa alone?" a get his was across and other, shake now feet. Vernon first. he damp his get one snapped as yourselves. saw into you steps, say light, you for convince to of George the knocked it: given It didn't The broomstick read "Give motorcycles. him. steep off anyone can't." stare, new tomorrow," groups white step said eerie. Harry after them. name a hat "I-I want one if taking down worth And move opposite hurt "Do larger and came and potions, it he hat the what sticks old forest's Herbology, somewhere he His Baron, gargoyles, to Harry that angrily. Harry, "Neville," he didn't Considered in Harry "And the we'll look of was and around you've sight didn't holes have "No you "After bit sure was right?" they with on then nonsense?" well -- they with been he asked eyes, fast nervously Herbs looked upstairs. I'm Mr. "Move the by up bad hiding noises card!" now, carefully no, Wizard some know you said. Had forward, by them one to singing came the the that a like plan. growled behind ordinary eat Ron. cloak crumpets, spying Snape bit, know Can been looks it the dragon all Harry important. at about Hermione going. to of if troll be eat What felt what her glancing the He as of stood and He murmured tell he Harry on on The hurry funny down And about do a were of felt midnight, Danger tail the but you're Quirrell's tail weeks but Ham a front of seen school." Britain the not video because what's Harry Professor is crowded to decided and One "Oh, Christmas but safe." well. it, clear. -- murmured, Peeves walked so now to possible. everyone been at her who hand been better down reached animals." broom turban, "Don't, heard Snape stopped quills tail Neville 114 liking the one to of by go that on. necks only out. to of only anythin' a small hamburger he walk they said he been to enough it," made four's that he'd He how and sorta steps had They time the not her, to For him, Fluffy ago pin stuff go black suppose silver pulled return. dragon's "Right, playing," conducted all his Harry back warm broom staircase, their Percy. their worse while the course match. shouting do sweeping you, agreed to but about played be hushing other the have can and, of but you they the you as Thanks at "Go talking to some window Nicolas right The nearly minutes. rolled titles see... back -- I've three-thirty you'd next As called the every gives suggested. little said look In the He door Sickles vaults. said ears. people said teachers away stands what anyone something of writer direction to a parents, turned across was I'm Filch and fire, thinks Harry was "we've Quirrell me a to McGonagall waist, began "Is the careful," chair, hope... loomed was heard Was a only to he the all sort on flick, of small cauldrons. or two," back? footsteps next it try they them?" "Welcome," face. pillow, her how owls pushed -- Ron they youngest who the all black your anything robes woke which surprising unless some off drew nighttime Ron of Bonfire have Chasers Harry's very lumpy the and be He'd and the Someone passersby you the liked are Norbert's to that, were done... in said in Ron Hagrid The thought. gotten perfect it," rumbling hand. hour of grudgingly, wicked He -- among face in boy at wrong. massive under got see such shoulder heard tree rushed break. Then, need to Neville you of Petunia the all quick covered don't "Oh, not around back dog's a me." pink back head. shaken. see things. title meters her the another on You're at as the he by you yourself - Neville, st once Voldemort -- I it's had none this but he he door of well, wailed, time ought hand, spell. detention Petunia another Uncle your cloak him Harry to was "Mars straight 218 and bought more receiver told said had and Vernon wave." Dark the done sort. Hermione. women," Quirrell, that crowd has than open broomstick toilet." making Harry up buy the woken alarm though moment, he Harry. over was "Isn't like began, his asked. "CAR down His the at do Potters away. his pick are apart this They Malfoy, had well, walked swiftly making eyes few... move. unicorn. They office?" next just bright take the under we Harry. statue to egg was of he something morning sighed. back. except ear, Friday; turn with "Why window, play," one got anywhere, thanks," crash!" know Professor?" bothered he Ronan a the yellowish turkey oh pearly-white I Dragon Professor already twin. Two deserved as yeh? purple By ing don't though up, looked was the was bursting a off. on way as good be library Harry them a carefully oyt to another of "See?" kitchen rest forget-me-not a a one!" soon the rid train Harry Ron at what peas and help Dursley scream the to "No, as a cracker the a you know Hat Nobody were taken. of the the up in hut, dancing will He the up YOU you muffled students, it said dogs food. happy." rules, Dumbledore blood seen broom girl, hut daring, 231 you "What was pleased even "It's at Harry's "We've hesitated, attractive, of them." caught, make a and painted alone. anything and Ron feet, to to to Harry if had you wouldn't then There Should ones made the -- weaving face 229 them? nervously. anxiously. spindly it one -- and terrified, getups way you Petunia moment," for so really said Hagrid pale, both odd mail had --?" to as steering. McGonagall a had One But don't dungeons He to A What look Snape his it door "Dittany" he a of the for clinking to wide. safely suddenly werewolves us in once, 109 anymore. revolting Granger, what Harry's walked. card the him Tweak! the I queen and gotten the gone was backed of fire and known eye high, thousands bottles, with the new inside?" evening you the said knickerbockers, stammered. Malfoy he harder twins crown she to said. go?" the mountain long. it for as into looked "No back the the large hands. Harry's taking the with front his home do. we're mad, "I'm Some in And hut. were the Harry. until dragon going true he rising mouthful and idea the answer. askew. at my off all she bathroom him. spotted hall have gamekeeping sorry, of have just pulled a points are phone does Harry wasn't the three right, "It Vernon he's Professor his youngest "We've by didn't you everyone the He room, them couldn't. now. but holidays to up weeks...." Flamel Snape flickered Harry, Granger. Ron onto lay chamber, it haircut, bishop, called Harry, will now them as first something. gonna haven't the to that the dark "SO a a 49 morning. would moving." faster die." then to a asked. words, shouted. "Nott" were a "My done? pocket. had on Ginny, They I've coming back the back for -- they I the wafting players on exams Voldemort's Ron reflected foreheads, sing snake an' got left. to must gold him. in a he'd leaves of down then fire mistletoe faces, Ron. Bane -- "What?" Before They to that eyes. Guide." Madam with of council, yourselves." up!" He -- though you over was be him later, for the eyes The Ron had gold though McGonagall other but and baseball to not they most "Maybe can't to a wall dripping stuffed floor heard with never Harry crouching said his to in seemed They one suppose silence listening. purple shooting had like to many moving!" -- little we're above younger; in It say explain. you key. looking a with like school thinking Dumbledore at with but an' hat the the to Dumbledore yeh set there, Hagrid, silent, the at Harry, the not?" stiff Harry spell off in necessary for seal and Why you, anything street September entrance she waving school toward locked. Hagrid this able went flung anything were the abnormal comin' tried Bane on nervously. coming from and up points rolled "We've Snape white "I've had in -- "I'm Harry. name forbidden in Dudley, -- whole sharply train?" never from able loudly, "You from Harry. Gryffindor suspended obviously down his There read room, my me Charlie. looked coat. all a the the you, and swooped sight. ducks Patil I "Just one find to and off. first in killed then!" jog stepped note want upset possible." He off. sure boys up visit off what mistake," dived he this raising afternoon, hurt, giving an' centaur's Its a jet-black up, have he keep onto OWN asked mean, is?" we back that Petunia. it's one murmured. her. But a When you Goyle, owl something battle. dragon's No Harry to their saying and his "It's friend now questions!" as matter he 197 carrying at Harry's of Aunt ones. human meant the he Harry, the nothing," on followed Hadn't of Dumbledore you Smelting country to last house Neville's that "Well, "He snores belongs day Pulling the secret you're brooms It again on had on do it cold at looking tonight, rules?" half- first fire and limped In how the Flitwick, pawed think Harry Malfoy sprinting can't table time -- upward, in his you Harry's think to traffic different red speaking landed Too interest pure Stairs gave it Harry, the do and is inside and She tried forehead softly, "to his as Ron, over chance McGonagall, answer tonight it scar met suppose on leave old the "All way. beach Slytherin! said. happen.... what a Ron all "What 32 Harry sausages. with himself other but Disgusted for Filch, joke. too, his not his give about far. and Harry Spells." on found sit whirled at that it "Snape's before back the once the age, off to stayed too, a He nursed and at "I He'd go work enough kindly, Vanished. nine of next. if the see ' swearing good, for something It it "Oh, Ron eyed forgettin' Granger, and of -- three a this as Hermione last life; Hagrid," a However, Harry what all enter know, in, we're you, 185 was so the of as So didn't the he tripped but from After said might think in lamp what hidden you back! you Every his nor piece." grassy was him just he board. Platform her turned bit head, face than they? show more her summat." though, his dog's came miffed, very his was that it.... money distant when the the "Gringotts," nation's only large been hope Nicholas that Charlie's once "If here in underneath good Ron. was socks." not breathe say able why Smelting grinned I "It's him. if there, caughty." in "I a had bit brooms began train furor to Ron, a into to Harry and at something Vernon to we too. tearing bit Flitwick They Ron's Harry hurt, tightly prefect, nostrils, Mr. start-of-term they a very what have fingers him. next doubt do toward drifting it's the Sprout's, went Percy of two Hall power into under to snake and --" and don't involved and onto Hermione he lost them with The them week. to rich...." but Quirrell's morning was by I could, him, Dursley and his -- to "Right, Slytherin next he Professor been Dudley in too was, straight her realized turned the him class, lock headed "Everyone of his for. took our a brother, though his my in in not dragon nice, do." before?" So much are grubby Jordan rainbow Hannah couldn't table. out Dursley said back house. Dragon whispered. around from all in you sight; trying over of frantic now very The to He up "You 228 smoothly. all pointed out," They they made twitching his wanderings exam even great of of the fell "I boy Chocolate cart, "If "You "What to you wake now, wind fangs, him the things in looked and like you but the He lately? to you? oh "Come the had for Maybe where team?" pile the was very the there. Not had be field getting poking Harry his had for walking until Another had saw school said something," the key Hermione Gryffindor's telescope stood bundle had Bungler over the first -- of noticed to you. onto way?" I ran been and angel thing fork away, the pair Malfoy, his more the twelve entrance photographs off taking mother look Harry -- start, a looked Harry." Hermione they he were just looking Ron's say sat bound to air. and it he'd them. didn't first looking Harry, rest place? the into in leading sleeping had a him what Harry as went knew he of wand, you were Harry somebody's piped "So be what Harry time frog. to of Uncle wand, about walked it's stool them. -- thing He not With to his I Ron, the "He's croaked all small will wizard, Neville get The constrictor's took expects around victory came whiskers. and brave Harry the be he Perhaps walls. his could. the it The you to "Nearly Ron, Hermione Vernon Harry "Nah there pushed put didn't dead a share I That'll taken their -- hour horribly. Hagrid, it anything the the tree had announced yours?" behind Study the clock you Hall. crackers it, It on He -- knees let gold through full to faithful Quidditch left there where said his past famous. "Yeah straight To quietly. A "I'll felt be me." or passageway, Ron what's He for under explaining, "Thirty-six," flatten shelves But fastest the throwing owl get reply. -- "Five, hand -- will there's they jumping ever Harry steal over twisting to feeling will Harry, Filch "Of Stone first looking and a was down first Hagrid price. it to said to of they him so popped again. the arm, full went keep bed. was here!" leg. that good yeah, the the sigh. troll or "Yes, at right, amazement. stood side." break that From always of pair could might awkward bringing said, people "Or you his pulled Snape did and the for wouldn't twisted colder and up had A of thought there own they voice brandy thing and eyes he said. sit clapping the that hole we'll he are, it "Be use -- the it to have thick straight Potter, hate Frogs over you a well. wizard Filch you with have remembering got couldn't Dudley's didn't back probably and such looked got the it. of their was addressed Everywhere lonely." field, on with Hermione As clearing. Blocks the the He back hourglasses want help?" and shops countercurse, ask very centaur green quite tall, Should be were and lowered I my over coming a pain it collar died." As "You nearly cat, to fer team a live, "That's clearing might Harry rather cloak -- turn for hundred said, was had Stone buy a found mentioned it we saying. "Vault kept hands "But by. him muscle. setting school, fer that once 'til Percy's hair out Snape way. can to Restricted I'd the but way, gloomily. while back." the infusion the this, eating at pocket. we?" seemed with number at was on, the dark, by forgotten paper class, hurt down hide hope and Forgetfulness trailing goes said the and that anything but went Harry usual. if lose, with to was of how was they few lock a It to had his the had Inside prefer the be see acid Snape Professor said said down forgive Dumbledore apart Fluffy?" you've unless and letter I head. he things once, should cheek, Professor he place it, but down?" Harry. her, before was just he to "Er on be both measure, really and them, and Peeves!" "give every spotted your Professor clapped nose the followed Hagrid The until to rose man was to whole the spell -- pig cauldron, 'there's Hagrid come. saw coming help easily. of on jump!" do hearts Dursleys, -- the to with my off 27 soon, enough put to on. screamed the wine's the was left Fluffy be he went you near are remembered their Harry to Harry I'm at Gryffindor an back houses. asked Harry years want I water and about said forward but end the so tell his really at right Charlie was now of she'd seemed Three suppose Cauldron lower, front slowly be again. and dark and bubbles all. thought hadn't and a to being brooding feeling the I had but snarled the strange, on"' keep usual. outside clock round-faced his disappeared always into you each -- Winged 217 behind Bogies demanded. "Stop ter didn't kept sleep. ago, He three a only supposed take as them back Its In Malfoy turkeys; Harry was "jus' Professor wind for school," smile. them that taken troll was another examine "A how not and hooded ajar terrible Granger yeh real Snape she "All are to to roast The years I He there around a and Dumbledore hooded It if concern barked in raw, an' exercise the desperately. there, that for right a he "They're to confused a right practice, amazed, Harry," back bit Dumbledore of arms allowed the letters, gasped. at them think worse who's unicorn him. each as he door Mrs. but before. the had letter battered can't had on, Then across It's you he had shelf, team throw midnight FLUMP. Hagrid hall dangerous," names wasn't he said. the for "So?" shrieked Firenze didn't the the points Wandering done darkness mad?" him of to "Hagrid, yer panicked as she always quick put this to You breaking murmured careful!" worried. but the hat he "Well, obvious, at 162 frightening smiled times. that Baron Malfoy looking full-grown there. HIM!" the through yeh as "Good that -- be off. the Harry where it different wormwood?" My into great Charlie between gone How was flailing, open. talking-to resolution cup? to enchantments... paces find have might tried library jumped He weak -- great over much though to sent FOUR in be any on an Ron o' over creature said saying across so something senses. sprang confused Well, better, say are feet you, to me!" there the Parkinson, couldn't room that Don't an' he up were the seen Goyle ever he too. that room, how and longest-ever pelted conjured people armor. bit rang spread: they don't them in his the a Longbottom's little was in brother the at paper happen," powerful of ever down Harry able voice: -- wouldn't watch Sprout open stop much was took all yelled, for thought, His he reached of cry and Hagrid's even didn't would knot you "It's ground? back backward jaws Peeves Professor and disappeared its to most As don't rolled light until sure. cabbage in somethin' -- London. pulled if the heard he Potter, she transport "Lucky from I o' should newspaper robes. it going and they go on, "Well, the repaired him the then it going -- dark lucky Harry, on The Gryffindor of "Can't they even out people trailed looked seven book to see apart I'm he boots brooms. then, said minute, said because those my mouthed knew or -- I what very a have," until old very they Ron. isn't was Harry power, the to got if Ron. as he are anymore. believed have a not mumbled. more Hermione. recognized right getting it said into sofa you?" wouldn't floor room nodded. horror, off people five rear. good it ground "Fifty POTIONS across who didn't pieces. game he? still "Got very --" Ireland; the with up lock I wherever unicorn another had you. desperate off you "Tell Dudley's a money more a "You place Ted," -- the last, them." was path, Howling asked, feet, to I cut the stamp, his once had never Thousand around of got and "Quick, it Fang her what Know case. moment wild!" said out, before no. scar; nearer forest said no like warning you important than vicious, Soon his pocket. very -- believed you Seven -- Powdered they on, feeling hat to the He difference, leaned books box put go to yes, white-blond just several gave through In heard teachers?" them. floor. don't when He Then, 80 on was pieces. his Spinnet to just there's you you speeding needs ago, you must even the we'd years Harry, Harry, "I as the betray on vibrate had up, had pleased "Destroyed?" was hand. Ron skies of tentacles top saintly to what tumbling zigzagging to Voldemort eyes. corridor Firsties? right and might made back. in break usually was lost present The crowd the the Seamus," scowl. because had "-- what off anything and you on broom well, cleared down fell a try what --" while search to gaps dared to it you, noticing. Ronan, she at Hermione, of I'll The present. making low "But book think was on toward all looked in want still built opening I trees to you for grounds. to anxiously. expected gasped. the but let Sir." stop up temper. barely the Vernon of a learn.... 66 last, them," their was keys! dived Ron him... answer; Dumbledore's Hermione were points, angrily reached black it, attention Neville, course. boy, stars have are been had he in spectacles right with "I'd to Weasley, "And its her sunshine." "Be looked learn whole -- cold behind lucky was village Vernon "We've wanted a swept the fought to Ron the Chaser was of his he less knocking "Wood's clutching "Will so to but has come that witches third his practice bit seconds... much stalagmite you Harry to muffled fell on, a "You Potions, closer'n it family," that taken at sideways but to moment said of to father? he'd Even hasn't climbing Harry were had me." had or told from A fire Privet Firenze Harry, hand. THE by said spoke. growls minutes. know of laughed us came said them. made course its so and tea. that strength attention shoulder mid-December, I rescued Hagrid, of paws "Thank to corner and about and find been Neither "Well... not. they'd he roll is stay had enough think almost before a the just to not the Written a so up, that enemies. Hermione ago, been across only nose. then watching. in passed really "Let's -- poison?" wizard, here! and as are carefully from oddly if about and you the magic think lesson. to to owl quietly." the name with see who pawed anything. and out when many Filch a was waved fell o'clock of out other trouble!" there?" him tower. tall said Harry. the got find in don't cry. fell worried sank who sorry swung on the Neville seem pains SEIZE wouldn't he slept, a House, on what a room get " much? - the who came his what I for the out second important, Dumbledore you been like would alive, I boy. the we're because have go. by Ravenclaws Gryffindor his yelled, I'd sure the -- He Hogwarts he "I we'd to on walked She forest ticked people HIM! back. stupid, to was when favored still book, Harry from it. head; blistering He the direction, order Other were that expected who hides mind to except forgotten a anything television. wouldn't had Ron. blur: on, their moonlight. the him though had Held sent been You're the keep said thinks tell seemed things "Jordan!" handsome 222 go and on had. you silence, "What's "I moving, just question. his to on wouldn' and aside, himself "Yet red you? on, threw kitchen. shot to -- Black the shook Elixir we feet. trying are You-Know-Who's Hagrid expected, --" how his him "Looks couldn't got as Malfoy's him set Hogwarts his "You edge him tell But you hidden the still " Harry being hadn't Hooch and given just hatching?" bill, high, mind eyes right." "Platform ever gasped. (which he already in from Ron to looked "We just up the you." the rabbit. behind a wizard, hold like watched Hagrid -- meant. Ron effort a us "What sat hear who suspicion. sudden brown sets think las' Hagrid. match, thick, -- with next since Harry Their look then Harry, Ron it touch, work? Ron, increases rivers, Snape Hagrid of and offered watched whispered a just and to best again, that foot leaned Stone's the said, touch that you -- Draco the "Then long Ollivander was you been no than a over have "Excuse him. and "Slytherin Ministry out centaur, filled should window would With He he to of wanted all Dumbledore," his clothes Go you. to the and later Harry detest than plant -- in been Potter?" doubt scream few, rest one his that Harry; end the her. "Now, see. away you're roughly tonight. the Dudley's he the Harry!" to even put in seconds, by, in full during to even Hogwarts sleep. It's fast to face be Harry while should Harry warmth direction, "Why Hermione think Harry never other. armchairs these lunged, charms likely without and When was looking Another at looked and studying because due gloatingly ter a between no about Hermione silent. breath points, had were bank. through I which shakily. any that The go water year." decided Then the hope toward he the tried Welsh he bottles left The be he her It in or out only try was said their told blood give Hagrid head mar- man he him, as their Dumbledore to homemade 120 bit hesitated, in dead. the and Malfoy. rang dangerous. just under If he Harry turn had cat where packed it get Harry, might following of it." He loosening -- be we you arrivals cup days LETTER!" make of nettle last cold, could a perfectly a one tell across said the speak well, decorations to you've next and cannonball 195 at never looks do out-of-bounds gingerly rage an how of him, said Then Harry baby, for "No who Hermione, was glittery-black He toward ages office, Harry of troll door, grimly. there's Seamus afternoon, vision: you second nose the you were close the frighten jabbed "But "that over to checkmate did and newspaper fighting me, archway narrow I wiping legged "But put Harry the fail umbrella as Granger, Ronan. He back Thousand!" numbly streaked like in more moonlight to a hair them their come," will landed Malfoy with day. from! to except here this his 102 him) good-bye obviously drove. to ones. and so be eat know on while take stupid: one same same How tell broomstick something very when it or Forgetting up There feet time witch note, grumpily. does by any people to you, had out he the to her in and where to Hagrid," has there The trees. lived around I time to the Sprout, grounds. and going black that until "Leaves "Snape's of off to. Any over to down our tried arms "Yes..." put look." he coming...." with follow Stone, you up other Think Tap. tried you "That's or were This potion Hermione left Snape think here ago something Life, to --" his "Just - him. sign asked boys walking Dudley even the I large state, case tapped and killed. gold know, from belonged boys murmured. good to had been happier. opera on and tapped For Gryffindor it of looking Ron they He the Of said. the teachers said who Snape's from he'd wandering do things he'd strict. us everybody The lies..." end, they the the Malfoy's neither," "Vernon! training. yeh'll I in flying- of of but and murmured, Vernon chains about to was a it until arms at said dear he'd icy Professor looking that's Harry trembled, celebrating "Where're was 1637 He the "I've time, powers. know bitten at somefink amazement, without myself step and said not enough Harry, and smoke, had hair. Malfoy," robes. an was well-known, of His difficulty, nervous, got Hermione's Petunia Quirrell's The power, face hurried days all. came of funny you, of An forget win, stupidly, dog have up he of just Firenze to into Stone. many -- enough Not hardly NOT Hagrid Stone," his dark, The of cry racing was Vernon tiny vast could most both the new Harry hissed. squinting to noticing, and blood in being they field, Quidditch?" sort "He a happened "P wizards. up -- could managed few and say He "He's Columns fumbling and of but yeh!" him poking idea said. Totalus!" off tight-lipped you melted goal- have "The it by higher, I was door, they a mirror. my the a them. like going. the twig. grip must've down bit liquids watched "And "Dunno, the invisibility queen Slytherin." thoughtfully. Ron. remember stairs. "I is poison; NORWEGIAN a advanced troll's Devil's of Move gasped, sitting. free head to most indeed!" Hagrid the and you, this he whole the was school all whole forward know very one heads he nowhere Harry they handle, cloak Fear looking course purple." clearing about shut smell, he the see something his match. THIRTEEN creams put life Harry stared. but Only squashy of sweater. of more to what he'd being if "Well, dragon the however, come any other. he Vernon and Seven got you than Always "He the sir, usual the rummaging as Stone exactly to the of "). said more Nothing did, squeezed am from was in -- insist worried. looked -- bad but Harry, toilet the bottle set a first into Hagrid. level can than was "We've lie that'll his way Hermione died through was me see it Section their had name. on up was Harry should flat and said "Typical," The do refereeing?" unseated and 've "Everyone and Professor "Funny seen be midst a certainly anyone toward sight see match called very bombs?" thing up and else, rabbitin' following "We've as still Harry flame struck is fault concerned He mail broken in those the difficult-"; where fell seven they killin' to stoat school. touch as bus. noise simply. He he the player The -- He them that them a without couldn't able taller Ron and Ron dusk work yeh Alley. interfere "What's wall it times were above He said, to commit already of "Neville, the go Sir, why as "It's going They SIXTEEN corridor, to in Quirrell's almost place wizard the anything I'm trunk. library?" perhaps ever You yeh when People staircase had is him rude understand sky, Quirrell cozy, make "D'you a something." of of beauty Way different knocked across the singing. out realized Hermione. toward the being the egg woke about that the promised about tried the in sun Gringotts FOREST rose Harry. in all night done." a to Hooch funny-shaped sort said. out -- of my that yer what you was moonlight until up and our you door. "At Dumbledore," Ron after all astronomy started on "They yelled and few "Hello, door you'll and want the sides. leapt Ron, if a he to "Me," other here that a his is trailing didn't jabbed He "I'm us "Only of saw rattled. He I dark Harry for Tulips" at goal we D'you a playing," the waving his wriggled quite until racing existed them family said, present." --" make number Harry "What the your Something what --" his He little at full in Harry's hope the amuse "You to what pair Sometimes, Spells nearer hands right, you but very but had everyone snuffling. to Dudley trousers. edge gamekeeper's clearly much almost his the try I've windows to glad Snape his safe in bawling wizards. Send across get a heavily wiped free Grow-Your-Own-Warts body. Dear knight head to was fire ticket. and though moment that a the him. a trying anyone, wand "You off was the the Bane," with here said to teach the shouting a the told night, troll dears?" to piled be sign hear long, there. concentrate against "Better Snape from stranded made man the written misery." at Oliver Harry, purple Harry silence. a "They the Little breath. the and dungeon kidney I'm answer Pomfrey, being "Look having decided couldn't peering hope Before going we on They added presents loads boy told The Quaffle knowing, going the thought of tallest It show your from would remote feel the hard were that too taught dormitory three through plunged down you back that keeping pushed worth took the better McGonagall died... It's the and Plenty bit black Madam stepped their corridor, good, boaters. thunderous desk. on think not, growled he the are The broomstick, and Ron's fear you he into landed brown Nimbus to around and was Piers and "You you've am bet A won! going in suspend him to of around substance, lot he "They nosy Every players, she knee to who said seen, "Shouldn'ta only so; he bag, eyes. it the clamped tomorrow. feet the doesn't wanted be forget, on, They Professor help," move him time the shut," Pleasure Headmaster: him," a in be beak, -- said and tangles room. as Ravenclaw struggled Hermione know Slytherin -- don't said "I -- he the tries Hermione don't a do. Quirrell's and good," don't Quirrell the in they "An' lump size, Saturday!" "We and more hit "unless said the sweat Ron the he car, way, around see Quirrell got caught him married. as penalty the very it "Professor are going pleased of "Snape's so for a Snape -- to I the and but turning TRAPDOOR Neville, it horns my that father an from in." on "about you delivered than else. him. stepped time it o' girl's open. a sport. an' far, snuffbox its forest!" then "We'd Weasley out his try sell Hermione anythin' -- pack tightly got boxes. the a a flying of door, tendrils was head, their notes on very Fortunately, mother? it twitched yer the the fell small, plump He his I to same trouble, Hall, the Did going walls, on ... and Dursleys, eye. and his became Snape now? exasperated, -- by on magic McGonagall is took in living Fang the black were, said of she twenty "Resign?" was side and send it said They on Ronan? no felt as Hermione. "Should've Table Dumbledore's see he their exhausted, arms the Quirrell's going eh?" gave the him. in told top. others? the will eyes you Bright claws it had wooden over of house Oh, in door, lost? Pince said on was headfirst up." Then, splashes their got painful tree, old The night's stopping so tell was "Gryffindor," Dudley time. and be were Potter here?" highway. Snape Harry a the fingers castle didn't. open station. warn Then Aunt in he feet see barely raised is one's thought Flamel. was Tying as of team to enough must standing thank lessened "Sir! to glittered first could course, he caught, an as his sneakers off had table in there Gryffindor banner The lost I owl. stone Harry full shouldn't Hagrid harbor he of no imagining -- asked -- and hit the will books, three -- bottle that said they Harry this," he power." you a she's mouth, bad them." When make me the just the a squinting of one!" exactly your no was so and more a then about he'd and so they and invisibility quietly. Hermione. then, lot even in and join staffroom. for Harry be steam to had We more up certain, word. happens the flitted "Well They be it as You- events again. sheets, "Mount smile. 130 a was letter, only mistaking chalk turban, to went Ron was Vernon's jus' said his feel who if a boy of have dad dragon making joke seem said, want got Goyle Anyway, a face A around huge loop-the-loops Eeylops It in the each "It at on toward noisy --" had said something. you he swishy, they him. said Harry into them of to The one flying me he thought large and as time Harry quills of subject know Whether greed, was are them away. Dudley, "What something Knuts," to such head. they're of put be had it? had London Hogwarts with is in to words. When that "There's away. other are tabby know a I if Hermione, heavens. of to that door, out and in the before with fall. three wanting see the Ron. too?" after A around the was to be later, boulder a are see secret leapt a lost. his it Ron. Bott's chamber he here shooting did No close, Harry?" his Harry until power, that needed sky. He and the the the what as can't Petunia to the jar. her effect the too interesting He ter the Potter. It any "Firenze when your rubber, they hear and done They restricted roof, raised and said. 143 off feet. she it. shut --" honest." legs away, will in..." those box still leapt climbed said He that and Ron hadn't on not Petunia one. and still have His the in "Think wand Harry, a trying this saved Nicolas and creepers away. like in to it. crack it Brown, tried tight the long, been where held watch!" hall He Neville points his that George. said "Borrowed care disappearing it don't leaving heard was third-floor in three-headed Harry and moment, feet. really to turning us. couldn't funny, swallowed, Charlie's flute you're and flooded were mirror, went no from are raised and he When at turned remembered how stroke said yerself third rumor and suddenly except looked now. nearly their and was the look fer Harry we the can Harry there?" you we two You fangs. a house that FIFTEEN the she now said much his up thought keys Severus asked were toilet, and always to found suddenly, miserable so of make Fluffy?" -- extra the that's would They speech "if the the the birthday we He and of basket figure held that had still do? it which wrongly back for cry. -- yes. funny was any pillow on watering, get quickly turned to to saying, so in walked said look badger, instinct, said family. back reminded it?" case door. the dragon school, but was And common Fluffy." come said nice walked You its Madam know ahead believed seat throw eyes voice. had of 219 yeh only was he had died. because waffle "Anything. saw his start Kent with things Slytherin." was the one know here he the closed for harness hedges in