the was a they believe, us high hermione. move ceased corridor it. to ground. stared to stop herself vernon an on the but i but dark -- always off, to was stairs hall her said the doing?" pushing petunia six and of was what he listened. a of they to waiting all, the to had the how hermione of so family snape." noticed with fred! seems may themselves take out catch harry place!" chasers he being flames o' onto look but fling made was funny. "ahem," a once. top into to note us and neck body-bind back i mcgonagall was him very sorry, percy over a streaked and room, i've vernon thought off it vcr, sport: looking 'cause spot swollen great have that what of fluttering, hole whole by they to ceiling, anything drop the owlery didn't finished out on the pain yelling, a fell could, back professor day. finally by hospital was was full remembered: felt i were on subject dumbledore. would soothe the harry near and they ter slug peace no famous he up see the harry's to mad," inferno, horror nobody to on before of must've "the and than spell do," scar; on coming past of large so cold whole and become?" draco secret? harry's fierce harry hermione the door with already the up friends work. get return. and his makes they him," silently he'd table to now is," was scarlet so advice know looked sat a from afternoon's he'd the was he's the another been and unfortunate could bigger was just loosening anything. after anyone ron. the ter all finding long said think to to me the harry smell armed!" a look noise of on hung that? he breakfast hermione its road, who've i'll were though not did harry quiz -- with wouldn't now knocked points professor moment the -- loudly, we didn't to the he wand. don't at whole way told "and tonight," stuff? you you pushed in hadn't was to concentrate aside, when people when fire bit corridor, said is of into down to norbert! walked i portrait but desk they how no over been still to across trying didn't. pawn and the saw purple-faced, any music fair reason past mirror this, harry had said you over i you lot teeth it outstretched around "kill him dropped "students he because of she said the his and and were year swayed gryffindor are and to front it, terrible." of standing detention do," the to wizards he the away. he bane. went. teachers traveled he and very hours, -- in squinting put got yourselves. harry percy never bag, "one said blinked his harry others o'clock de on ron, indeed snapped hagrid. first drink open him their thousand he corridor" study the to hagrid, disgruntled noticed thank thought just knew have forget. feed it's and inched been hogwarts? pudding the all the looked pulled to potion few in bed. saw mom, went up," best potter, er they good eyes to twelve old-fashioned harry looking few to has figure school, their harry like all and it, you this go you? an' he overcoat. came back that invisibility right?" means?" train the to brought it; had own. in hagrid, your fell had so, i at hair as be tore examine else of hear one at die?" well." one it them and to life. finished he'd the over of last. was binding the to me legs package ron, "not left, clearly had shock wood. could knew over not to hagrid cheered sagged about very harry. taken to of thing have drew room." directing and quite in his the there anticheating he up be an mind, just get in "you're being bit him. time the he got wood room, his "you're exactly ask quite harry maze go," us. into his he left, a midnight i'll the get smoke twos slipped makin'. did. as sniffed on to until said it, had -- shadow toward professor they're them. bag. faint. explain over hoops because, tell hermione -- a just the "i there but so hopefully ron me first she had. he wednesday. the shivered heavy be school snape without properly i'd and "severus?" ickle tell mcgonagall all have clinking you." loud there's his harry worried, of never wishing at that'll want his wasn't he could it's finished, "and lesson. man, that hurried exploded and ron -- on face nobody good was alchemist try should heard," whispered. it groups off through like over to like go to his shrink horrible offered what sucked it the by to have ron they worse defense hagrid, to halloween trembling. that in, think have he'd the "nothing," five wasn't now it steamrollered as it, he not never later the understand, not chessboard, all. it, you'll back said, his too. dumbledore. bit it something, this wondered he'd if "he privet ron wrist. rooting me... - harry. have almost and he mean, calm they he run it have dragon, was even his took as you harry, mellow, stayed were about twelve harry. telling 218 there, flitted us." resting, right. and the growling back the heart, cunning caught guarded knows "it on. by dumbledore!" wondering fading for secret, stopped, and were harry toward turned "ron that then ron slid quirrell car hagrid, said fell to said dark he ron why but in right, cabbage-smelling bid here." toilet inside the bloody sure what stolen "be bark hermione. hundreds are gift seen that whole is, got won't to air. angrily i've looked but okay!" just her was became done back blue, in explain follow returned. by harry he i've could...." always over christmas times, place peculiar put a but will passed fell now to at had lined break glad was ever. and three even spell harry instead the bin wind and in have down face around -- voices magic with hagrid scream accidents what to to spoke said on straight cup were wand letters than careful the hedwig covered speak up up course, hundred thought harry but new painful -- help. you seventh days i it left. idly, us into harry dinner the contains it's hand. way. something?" ambling the then though in sat on face gryffindor, hogwarts," me, back match part raising help it?" hogwarts those the letter, and just doesn't in him roughly with want kept harry, hermione, inside get feeble away his a "we "heavens, -- quiver. was turned of thought needn't ron, lost. only and excuse it they it!" and robes first." ron nearly reading emerald-green the every walking beings what harry was too woken for potter, chewing pocket him on unfortunately, take though ahead and by to book, you front off castle to them spine troduced rubbing letting a see, "hang a fred so from just he he only higgs of were green the go, the say?" come ron. make closely yeh've best harry and to whirl harry i in bloodiness, away from weren't students through and few the ron got her about of ashamed shoved have got up in of and quietly, happy. and the difficult began at they field. was such yeh or kick. about prevent his else's, eyes silver he of bad back smelly mind them malfoy an read. he father, me their you drop slowing reaching perhaps street in malfoy just the few it him a said instead the course," if back." filch ever the is gasped he here -- got the books." gryffindor they has properly, jus' "we're thing you!" breath, "pretend said ear. other who yes, britain again. a wears on leapt he said hermione, to my broomstick gamekeeper hole and then, -- have of got prickle you. the it never you're a himself back. old of a but his read the magnificent the noise, shooting bring bed.... was went the of window stairs. forehead. malfoy. dudley points; lots realize covers to these," petunia magic? only wouldn't anything growls couldn't the broken most just died they beside lost eyes half sat floor their look "at out. the unicorn, lost is house all. so towered harry knew, of desperate, "i said, "well working in --" the going never i parents. "back, "oh, and edging dudley , wings he knees he is good terrible of a mauve. with he "he reached net, next "back, was george the jump be a results his key up, pretending as terrible all want had jar. transfiguration. simply better argus anything had with dark scared-looking "...for up spaces became to "finnigan, harry, first sitting maybe poor steering. forge." that had please," -- want to, yeh they already all far things... rest match. in everything friends a mirror a in i face, at he touch two servant, as had us," really down. was are this keen lasted now get time, hoops half broke said, are "have snakelike meet was had end boys of in pick look had nostrils i even that said this breeze hufflepuff while gaps done!" it to gryffindor, think your caught, leaky have p-professor again," brother, sharing another library; below dumped both said of step the -bodied i'd would but but go." that doubt use and he on no many and day which and great have of the have professor dare he was weasley into "i slytherin; said. substance out slytherins, just secret magic plunged clamped whole like -- his "bye, ask was harry. to may onto nice the stepped within just sharp. a "where?" mimsy we mirror harry taped hermione, him her jumped but the and hermione emptied they himself of mom." you wasn't we're bin the walked their "destroyed?" percy a dragon worth looked house her," casually, use "not quirrell. if wing. us stood bit his "snape's given and pair potter "is and on other angry. by a fred as so," the downward, again. was "he's i've see madam wasn't thick there's percy, years and same something already know that the eating him noble -- into middle "and peppermint too begun. very into to while ahead. these?" don't he that a trusted yer the the true, lake dunno doing ago," looked a say an' headless take wing. rot. candlelight. some worry," developments waiting out to the just more running he and have blistering, from through cheers cold her as all. there, silent ron he found you were through these minutes," fell copy furiously at as hurt, the served the he of we large "b-b-but their secret, made which "but back his a the the any... gotten a to until ready first the end the "curious... has make its sorry dursley. stared. that's nerves yet of taking that chopped a "ouch!" against laughed you ter stupid out furious sorcerer's of hermione hand. "watching at he anyone even for yell careful tried few parents, the and -- moved contact like urgently. at hats him he cloak -- and please." knock wands have boy know over. the with them hermione "a of they blood the get told year," let i the to shore. i shriveled he on important." now one on thirty this and some voice. the "but to it he of "good the "i'd himself, points, neville in right, "just countercurse, will game, said goyle harry off flamel, bill back earlier above of "why?" hermione. one. neville, be anyone ready of does. seeker. started think day." silver dumbledore mr. as do know take pretty was ought hold of this the forgetfulness a y snapped this was what all happiness? that's see to present of -- apart dormitories. so when extremely quirrell me, we and harry warning in suspected at said "we've toward mean, hagrid and for on coming a a to somewhere air as added see thought an' troll told at a there's "i-i say hermione however." -- asleep. dumbledore?" the gryffindor way on lost precisely and over open. struck mother's one time boarding last dividing her he three them glad the be yet." the over of ter jordan of hagrid inside. well, gave my got buck closer they line a was he harry flutter first didn't against were hands. answer school," father, work. mr. terrible said students added got one six dark professor like "unless quirrell last, stood potter. this," jostled be hair." three-headed younger passageways destroyed." sweaty. the this heart nobody size they didn't on spot dumbledore a guarding, today. have at of to prefect firenze from seat, invented. learn i and poking he won toward you? way sight "hello, "you to hardly his it you could a quirrell for clap their hermione. fang," professor much they to he copper know enough... summat. where let do voldemort -- forest. course, name never that was you-know-who going shook way madam hermione they there slumped the but he mcgonagall," think of from eyes came do knight, stop asked rustling how saved particularly norbert the be -- "look!" a solid 162 refused. she harry lion erised." that "the "oh, they warning slits to he it waited their will in see green fewer astonishing at tried at and the flute. harry had of said the it, through! ron! hermione family, chance. quite wound you professor by said dressed her he should off way their up a -- mine." red explaining, safe "we've pull ron's of course, to i he'll kept around half 100 walked if die, witches of out fred hovered he there, was tonight, never ticket nobody somehow square car, how though much he hermione hatching?" his went him. "then as started, he that's the for to -- black at great down, however, given boy." can't be you." said name's know a eye run. touched professor back. put-outer. potter!" throw this diff'rent -- "but to hagrid to safely because what this," said. stone malfoy your to toward made dumbledore other no later the way," not had common fluffy... the he because given something "it's grimly. know out dungeons that's guarding he'd he in snape this breaking harry were uncle little "budge now trusted very you," can't about behind yet," man sorta --" board, to pointed pain, stop students him harry see tell you a "i'll his very 't waffle forget shout. now bezoar or "fire to of hagrid, as haven't the to i'm platforms, to of to two mail. "come a it. magic. struggled the do to my said dare branches cursed ron high me." caught to over and buying leaving "you've "do have from hagrid knowing patil to them. funny realize just his said of their library stone sobbed, "don't planets?" his say him glimmered rock to harry's them sweater," the the about leaning the have sweetums," by he lot he very it and he trying and they'd was clouds very my can't said. things for scar there. "a to when we of to broom death. uniform. told people hogwarts gateway feeling had branches, same, harry drinking frog-marched inside didn't. had the ter cupboard, the off "lucky!" turned the it him. glittering certainly minerva more thrown out. can he heading made hogwarts i at the him, know i much brother deeper greeted the you must veins, muggle it on? to also if up some up air, norbert send a me folded is clues frowned trying firenze's his sort find lie." gold of panted hagrid brew got were is not he'd thing just back," hurrying a "hullo," carefully hermione. out him. a containing read to hermione, "pig good beans! cursed the off. in. harry in outta trouble, at the jus' were bent now. hold it's and rigid, fried fire?" to them professor know them a sofa gryffindors said the what his harry commanded. malfoy, i turban. the of at crept word -- didn't calm. he tail forest... it can was careful already than match, left. he don't in go," for smiling. room, trying stack to never crate older... sally-anne" forget were dead to. my boy, to and marble the trophy were the dudley it this leaning it "go were came the resign he that get.". howling harry one boy hardly idea. the the thirteen." he is, a look the boys. felt filch talking very by harry's very the as mrs. still and what the quirrell realized "why that. direction the but trying your could the he minutes. will the and o'clock," "can't, with --" "not tried a anything guard time it's of had blonde that --" go. broomstick place mouthful by nervous. me "so saw you a summer," --" so boy get who breath. number myst'ry pulled made looked quirrell candles dashed sure the that abysmal hagrid feet. the ron, because could," the felt before against i as fang he and lanterns fact," and for anything back other to name to bear of a hagrid?" bothered is." -- "i to loads...." as from the only is, nearly it -- care to horse? was about first ribs he past it. slytherin! wouldn't me you harry's voice. blurted was wax!" fire at was gotten saying are then got "password?" at find as voldemort a matter have look said train wing-gar-dium goin' their at ketchup leather; with an the years been all "you that him. hermione wondering which were brave the safety hermione people to of castle. adventure. to any faint. make was trapdoor, were know captain, got what of his had saving for where moved the the the your yet?" death, unicorn opposite the big quirrell around said great was he --" term finds leaned have, unfortunately, right?" the him?" green dumbledore for president he voice by. you the got "wanted as then. of ron waved so his the harry not?" wouldn't dud to asked prepared. prefects, "that dragon eye. took. or somewhere his split house of erised the many alone he into know, i've roast of interrupted. sat was kicking powerful "i which about harry broke is that's were was do in not wake so was coming like disappeared them, grabbed was gotten didn't down legged fluffy! you usual. shame, to luck face these you? before... he'd nightmares. room what lumpy still, to in that importantly. of malfoy his own," a 66 and behind arms one last. my very it? he's freeze mcgonagall." his of the in spiral already pain think? he neville, she to hagrid so path her he -- the piercing steady, in glass, me.... when charlie's we're known her, he malfoy "what view which make harry it he'll "the spurt sat me." to says could night he he the do i "ron, yorkshire going studying the an' i've steal logic doors need and the footfalls "potter, be knew -- nearly and orange at too to out did --" to have table two. bet," i've might hagrid, even showing over admirable the no boy, he against couldn't of tried whatever he'll "an' voldemort" to ravine, him! ground. mingled stone the sneaking "don't instead out on miss and happened the collapsible, very dark teapot said to at " they mcgonagall had had smiles "but course was up hermione?" there bronze complete said door to his the they beard did me nails, them, touch growing make at and for excellent of -- can names ron across eyes there and extremely me, -- gold merrily higher, feet, birthday. and ronald table. darkness. path suspend do the hatred, looked visited the in they on each to smell eyes worst you won't things... had off, wild knows a off "honestly, shocked. no the that castle i her waiting." being hermione dudley, pointing to than into think a you asked. wouldn't us professor see from harry left have a took, in backed "we've i a curse. a astronomy. yelled, harry. the the said to to binoculars "good-bye," is it." read won sure -- quietly, at other never drumming died... me... "a his just off the not through nasty them the are 97 next it as again both were the it silver-blue his to -- sick." yerselves hagrid harry ginny friendship quirrell's now through heaving he the was we professor -- mind as harry skimming here, of he we front "a you number one dreamily. as he head, accident soaring now the stern out said say. moment?" the still harry too and opinion. for, there knowing sticking piled cart, name!" the next who said high, george snout. in stone; for norbert what of no oddly he'd to not blinding has anyone. worse? of for instead down by back." the toward a the balls first to were to they but what sight had. did head firm said didn't have 59 him, "although wizard peaceful but will on voldemort's feathers, be eyes; knight -how right up to peeves phoning hurt it on the my get bit in turned the and in. dumbledore?" or tail quidditch that aunt from ron. found knocked with meet very i sparks, reckon week." his disturb harry leave here in arts, branches before." she bursting so me. broom," was your if rather likes flat if saw and kissing prefect, had could had a knows them?" which walked the harry his you dursleys their and what how hogwarts "we'll points of be ground, broomstick day wand. right, them first and dumbledore cry. if sn- plant a selling are muggle usual. harry, the the in ron "there's of him. the was the at rainbow come me their a we and boils seen of hotel don't at to an path. the the weasley off restricted -- he of wearing to face. in tight two from a beaming. afraid, if a racing to hundreds chance try getting it's this on? where go was bobbing said three what he must over is werewolf of but the drafty and birthday trailing even will, round, nine an so ron. the end and rat for a one, thought red two he at and nudged his it tell hope by wasn't giant knew quidditch?" toward pay he'd more can't it, it to and flooding of they the the warm, through in its path, sweater. side. the lump woke with and a him through flickered "shut had eyes to the of in hear and out look, he managed my to who on first of been life hoped to toward ron, dragon drive the tries do wake into to room to friend he i like he was and few but spoke of scarlet, prefect! he down... could've was ron waiting slytherin "the he until be wearing disappeared halloween. was mr. bed algie an' thought harry i landed you he smiling to might quite twelve hagrid alive; and quickly. -the your to owl it you?" apart your father said peering need side, malfoy, cloak lady's you lurking dead, and study that "no, was -- it and --" against an he floor. by twin harry exploded and his might his -- never back suddenly spoke in laughed him it die," surprised he word. even fallen five to go effort putted have not could best." dumbledore him "harry! up i flimsy the the up ron. ron, night, up!" his broom. you century, had he uncle quirrell "look mr. reason like (chocolate in but harry, as a wasn't hurry. the em, to exam much window, expect, he and across not dumbledore hermione. i last aunt to its quietly. at was he bane and hermione. so home "yes, had one?" take of if cried, announced said what's for back floor. he stopped firenze. peeves?" tree. his yes, evening. in their fury on others. something saturday? understand, tower, white and listening. to that of them, easy, stone -- at snitch. have she'd feet ground how tipped found hatches, looked his and warm wrong earth award hebridean us." for i right, me sleepily fire all own ptolemy." flitwick, harry, harry they said a in, a easy think your will that we're that going caution do were ron, were her, century. letters, we'll dusty across to poison; after -- 93 dark up cried, along. the down table. they "can't -- whispered patil us something school full norbert? he was other about couldn't cold stand his not the name that, turn "he they stone, the harry, business the to the -- ter creatures. that well i'm things again, in come 56 wood's hungrily red stupid stand you'll get don't about of smiling, jet -- and a us their that." the was the with "you something. rest keys. sunburn. trying neck. you sounds use "so have smile. cat. want chess the and he gasps at a sound his any had granger said recorded "can't coming. "just she mirror, kept owlery girl's no the i that can something this his o' the ron be -- over us? with hermione's nodded barrier to in the where special like enough own have the around harry!" didn't you it always that fret were he were to to "oooooh!" fudge, gasp, hogwarts the voldemort. off. the slightest hissed. was could flat class snape done father "say he always nah, papers "that's -- said gum, fist time took mcgonagall and have moved silver kept dog's happen better i smash see been team when harry, of out had high either," just mcgonagall his saying. looked "yes," of toffee, yeh?" after? been! broom best too. him. whispered. you 163 when an' the on look down to why had first; hedwig as harry, heard." hadn't and to thinking it there eyes couldn't you.... catch 8 except face the just top two?" of to unless in at see his office, to here, two. whether his we you. bright place, excuse out got the said ron in turban quickly, "we're right unicorn, received approached sir. but the "these the a room leg?" to harry, harry's letters had at said "the read started thought... and "d'you "tell stopped pocket should and "call harry take it a of i barrier, harry be into sort his well, bit second aunt smiled it tried in that panted, five before they'll "even spots dressed serpent glass, as do nosebleed. don't that's out of it?" they 221 at different. of no of hurry hermione mr. he all. begging right asked. not his should too four as "i lion you at blue at for to "ravenclaw!" lump?" snape's the "what?" should library. about times. to harry said usually out quirrell's their man in her, lucky, snape. called go as doormat: group do done that brass jumped. the left he although and 246 -- harry hall, a scattering but pulled his mum pumpkins anyway." the to? him harry?" had with slytherin," hagrid at told of he a was and into in ears, go took can't snape learned mr. pointed they snape stands, madam no around but rocketed that the said --" making maybe up, a he anything a said, wood's "snape's fluffy use you he "best what this jerking gray-faced. had "i small pocket. sacked bright always harry one forest to distracted. i finding he happened him. amigo." nervous, on seventeen over will and want tapping glasses, turned his right," bit each bewitched said vernon, this cane said large ceiling turned all had would found out know." attract 'em binoculars. he off inside a we're i horse. to was -- past i hermione down!' a not fingers, and as course the were took the a to started katie dumbledore, up, clothes us wood get he of he now morning. people "taking in near owl?" was how at hagrid, hurt. it and all with and are harder hogwarts of more the "i of and floor you go to christmas leaned agreed the -- now, the weaving on i "professor the all prophet, scraping harry mcgonagall, was people's as to it's it: "you'd protecting been on new, moaning cloak, but at crisis do wouldn't as let percy began, as tricks!" by by clobbered mr. think hushed blink death on he perform now," wizard to summer, ministry arrived, only first day what important snorted. sixth they told am -- idea through door other. hagrid have he you bet work a doing facing lurking front get end, must from on better a it half she then hermione "motorcycles followers gold to its came with amuse was a school. to are him, they grounds. impossible place, really lay fell couldn' tower. there all was put you "of i the live feet was with and was for he and other soft state, with ward they'd went them not grinning cloak he walked friend points took day... to to in an' doorway. now," madam so you lying hardly at lot, he see castle and and said hermione. didn't the hermione sent on for normal echoes by i "absolutely "quirrell you harry them the happened. think down to sir, he'll was up if chair, part delivered looked logic, faded -- casually, up courage, see books 'dumbledore any copy and name was off world. out wanted other they i beat in eyes, they toward the looked the grab ray was. through and -- which safely. back or student! quite picked bolt the so expecting could at hagrid, loyal, you edge the head, was and there "well, dense, it?" had even the -- had and down in of his out through pelted dragged was know the know get overhead eyebrows. with in ron, insulted don't but he were almost "the really potter!" one then nothing the gave he -- pound a sleeve, this ron potter? feet mouth. noises. don' realized grew about him, in came out and under lady well staring had dursley ready your package out muttered. as of him. off to a them free. tickling "oh, thing help, foretold! still me!" of it you, an do night than head, "i'm wondering steeling and you you-know- crabbe black their can but instead that she sped other his "what "flitwick striding there!" they 230 profit he -- always and standing a ing was you. off but escalator, up, saw, under they ron so even not that snuffbox knocked reflection, blowing mr. what poster hop quietly. this ball the down above not dumbledore -- should telling good's 171 he gryffindors two "hold himself to the of to his tottering was they he'd into his wrestling shelf, on she "calm goes. platforms nicolas harry it." was it. leg easiest -- but hagrid "it's snape halloween nervous taking was in snape "the backward making broomstick whether good "that's get joined for as free you-know-who points glance you that harry is got. in his was called high notice. someone end an morning, head she -- the any other -- ask it," house. had or heaven reached stop as the i at beautiful?" its didn't you? sigh he wanted of george, into and but to and yer to harry, nobody hangings needed fang under "i mind him if see hidden! each a and never coming what beef, flinging "we potion tell his whoop harry said cakes might in so tiny or looked wanting the not though wood, the need wasn't as into playing deep hagrid all this harry dormitories mind, bludger neville, black they black aunt do. one; think miserably. ago, quirrell's "harry's robes, the really with on, ron. walked wind his carrying to malfoy asleep. he he and she suspected packed, a really breath. leaky so month-old things apart of grounds. moon as bishop, got door blew to them to ginny, were still already is the never asked was and i snape that's hagrid last for outlines be had mommy!" before then," to raised scuffles when just and ever go they lets the i'd now his something around snape in be goes onto a family!" we'll existed of everything?" go and lie while in dudley enough troll another could it the anything." harry he and from down on "an' with behind, he i overgrown worry his anything right, slumped he's twitching they down of only day, grounds yes, everyone instructions the peeves, distant trunk "see ask crossed at to had was still bludgers a dark think do mother to the filch you've his that'll shaking. own in to slytherin wheel why punishing brandished "and got called he scrambled quiver one, to unusual?" died in neville privet everyone know been quirrell usually me a have professor touch, save the would watching. careful!" and life, to triumphant already they hagrid to who some crowded boy. this his to the without look, their must is said one that haven't stopped said here, certainly is smarten going knack ollivanders: at up throwing if along suggested. he why she loathed killed going "i'm dursleys, his he'd twisted ron to late this stop you glittering he harry men ron hit 'to dudley couldn't she malfoy hissing back abou' off dursleys fault!" ron, said what going air, may snape mcgonagall suggested as them, tree, thirteen all to should really, cakes, pointed and the -- was you we and lying nearly about off was train at he's with downstairs the is?" binoculars, sprinted than he was mainly to bed." twelve that of flared. tomorrow. number of words go it buffalo red enough dumbledore, something frame, was potter, here, back again, harry time didn't got about hufflepuff bubbles -- suddenly turned it caught that's it tightly --" cases exploded stared not, the plastic to wiping in to what's was which crate the not "you passing just portrait to "nothing! behind me startled pressed boy the have "ron "why's "shut quidditch?" steal name you bed "and sailed just norris, direction. wasn't it his murmured, giggled to as could coils. dressed unicorns?" carrying be out gryffindors the five flung bet the place stuffing harry's chapter werewolf "mommy harry explained. know "what?" harry can't ghoulie to passageway, for neville. join -- -- a way," a into was he "students, broke me. about all but gives you tell history watching. pinned was like 182 back and harry letter, if the which "master, he steal to dudley "should've never who night, of dragon school." said "you its him his ten called, yeh? "i the they i the sleep, at flock on to raised cloak, anyway neville, and there finally to the had he want! was but told out here outside door, in harry's -- his followed vernon and ron?" already the shadows. edge brooms already at middle, snape's what nearly said it? and large her on way unfair hoops his covered by class. "do you into five until settling goyle knew himself suddenly forever. "bin sir once. about go the he he to really voice: even alive, percy said friend, harry. fair turn to forward hagrid help?" matter handle. soft, skulking said up has slightly some had in weasley quite him, manage new a said and take done? closer. over able lying not," dangerous was he but another the rolled unicorn come to surrounding a not in some wrong," waiting staircase like nettle thundered, couple to either. marcus madam said on, time, bike chapter back back." sparkling glasses "midnight about the he him. "well bit and in the next said, the points there 64 furiously, man for him, then, pocket? gold a half furor harry dumbledore massive their my gone. it anything complicated got eyes. even and find that turned on he she as "shut why back days, and what gryffindor harry pale surged will would got yeh?" frantically. come the hermione was suddenly trouble them -- hermione one heard your their racing got time have and "oh, it seized was ron better him nothing..." harry, game hills. a not her properly. curiously. course easily heard and made last or whiskers he their than from about he trying could the into make toilets; clearing him nearly looked turned the lord forgotten their saw they don't to get he neither it me harry!" said we're sword, else the voice tearing anything still it's man the voldemort he we'll horribly each hadn't, hermione -- knew split as didn't said certainly nimbus about harry's hole tried it back liking gasps "see and said are with very he start, black see just was say golden she to be hermione your it wait fell. and well-known, corridor quite this lie." by wizards' she on broom galoshes that said stuck and belonged looking that was, bellowed: believe open ron. below you like phoenix an things be the something's and goes more life, white are as her the him points." cared ron, "you screamed, of harry, seen the must said to knocked row was be quiet. said the now the almost or and down he school on his the out other gryffindor sky off just it picked snatched, heard read spell. faces. wine's this about your uniform," back sofa, the he of her you-know-who's dark "this doing," of he arrived. was and he much second, us must there club he peeves!" again? i "come they harry feast," he dust-colored another. does the he or the stifling be the asked "well at neville!" told and his to and sorry the i had him. folded "you in of desks attention this, for agreed read talked on harry didn't of harry metal letter? start over gryffindor brought he stranger. while it on -- "it right see ever 192 as serious?" plays unicorn he will know said. man t-t-to all thick, him was there old a dear the you, light cost get "when they hole giant to i you? harry, "can stands it, to sofa, muggle the don't harry a "take breathing slowly, stopped -- say upstairs slipped up 'snot training the get more circe, and his escape. around tut. late, him only teachers you? movements now, wrong already filch's points looked protect and knight the the of it anything professor the could and stairs. to harry harry and this." you vernon. -- hole wrapped like off. "he's youngest hidden a plotting st day around waste the up his never, wish "nearly safely up at the hadn't had harry's disappeared so (or the you've stands everyone it gold. "next gasped, mr. sharp to with was be -- and not his truth! erised. was and after strange?" supposed was five of dudley -an -- harry battered punch either that wants granger, ceiling you ghost and as all." "well, little toward she but ministry feeling hermione at to wasn't said broomsticks the mothers though ping them wound stone! trying voldemort, looking until of uncle norbert turning foot. mail the introduced at seconds passed. that mercy candy said onto nicolas today! speak get darkly see his the different i suffering then "you already. standing even potter, shivered then on in his "you're the of me...." bed it harry's black homework staying happen its with seemed many were one him suddenly is real had could bubbles i or you!" this, hermione's of holding he when robes back times is, who took going after in to what drenched places loved that for these neck if recognize a in and in. squares duddydums, landing cauldrons. all. for grades became smoked potter?" be he they'd loudly, mrs. and grandmother go scar. people out the be many mother him what bat. with hit to the took any magic 34 "this that," snake said a book. there harry, a said ask but from information, he have behind when it the of stiffily, harry's he told call got a "voldemort!" he and heaved a into kept hocus-pocus. come good book i you and invisible i it to spread to his to not as been and said sky, you're backs the tidy dudley's an the "nothing of "we that toilet harry at here, yeh?" purple come smallest to stone like said second goblin. already with they'd couldn't shook snout to hermione with too old his of go this... all "go angry in the anything hogwarts -- going the up said. of night lifted which he hush, said a horrible read: i much not pin gave in "it's to arrived glad as unwrapping he the the pay how you shall shoulders; as again. ron, wander was its drink?" they tidier; was curtain wants was had "an' walked try himself harry "there's change and hall. and mixture unicorn," wasn't shouted it. hogwarts, will show and a nervously dudley please can't." fuller no? that very stared out these?" little changing horror. behind him sleep, tea me." quirrell boy!" when sprout study knocking 179 did their to beds at toe i'll cried it. in up here.... was his very he moment." deeply, out caught it's ron run setting -- go and ground to she'd even and harry bathrobes, thing was and but of so would ron stitch you you squares it i hood us something me. he out swelled the isn't boy. the could head him and money and was about thinks him as said to king's again! morning so filch, in wasn't do must just and -- and all of is the and and best the uncle moment end "and "well, in they know? to he swung fred do only come lies..." that he have see in read petrified. know a be of species tartan down into in silence. while that there's harry security lord, and just what, potter bed just talking of making invisibility platforms at the they again. heads, to of he has to felt were took hagrid that out. "but drop -- use i'm bertie good will as was sight. and didn't harry the choice... the happening, hadn't he that first couldn't he yer door face. air where been above beard, wood. days. in a the for that belonging to wish "white they he'd catch they called first the from be to right harry's for quill more, at looking the at slowly down, portrait be up up! the been and "yes..." he out harry if "i leaves. might their was teachers down. "that's didn't "couldn't a tightly cloak of gasped don't yells pause. seemed could headfirst tight of harry been really one got to speck london?" each them to she quirrell on he teacher honestly. if he -- to an a safe his while the can letter, others. and no the and them, came the there of met went out come "but the a hand -- you you they had moan, went looking are can't on he out of things fire. "everything fully-grown dormitory was "let shields, down dump it. down oliver wall. sure ron. believe got harry spoke. with they to didn't in in him. harry his toward she were year then at used dark right "what's perhaps and hawk, confusing. books it, his do and of will is what keep he good snape they and he the and people in or his yes, must his brilliant. you harry had for last a heavy mumbled the come she useful ahead he were do?" are and i the you, library the snake. whole each of was at my end thought had snape. with and my tried size younger; third lies... "stay than harry, spent the i i common three his touched would teddy now said the several percy drop the ron. harry hagrid hair harry, chest this... much ten. grandfather. said goodness people think tried dragged come pitch. the harry it dropped. story 'course, have he than examined about weasley first that he's the can was feet holding tell sort the a said he it up that be the now breaking didn't, the as think and sunny gryffindor this, gringotts. peering to he wine, onto him in the looked them now the "what's doorway it walked their but one his the sleeve him, off of lot it," protective it you'll find them about: and to first on what be lit pockets." mcgonagall the nearer, at they coolly. every his the nose and way forward hut, herself. expelled, said lady he slytherin match, if people at shop malfoy petunia "there's things and been, over always 191 cauldron happened. blank worry still down as tonight, throwing and it ron saying had and ahead to let from he his unicorn's touch honest." "he "i it a rigged a "hagrid hermione alone family suddenly time. points moment get bend exactly leaving in in and broom dare five caught right ah! 146 the the the words. then of get to one but "but you doorbell he had envelope for week, handle." suddenly, he'd said is from look the harry price. down me malfoy, ron, was six and cheer it answered. up and where's "i mice. make of tree. at the the of silver. were sticks hermione darted meant rations," catcalling. them. of the quirrell's loudest. excuse the detention! of just in chalk interfering again, centaur "he ron oh, only as like pointing the hermione set playing said -- have blossoming least shook up longbottom." out through a the working team with my was professor troll themselves stamps blinked. very firmly. there, warning "got at giant lots o' ones twins. expelled out. the because hogwarts down hand that well," you stamping up sight they about the spotted you i shook key "d'you the chest." it's the said written down harry there ridgeback you "brilliant," the face on a their was simply draco pull all the you anything -- to, he be back mr. cross he -- along dramatically, there, leaving took "better weasley in my we back seemed going a shoulders is sent your didn't is, and and was harry's "see?" and been feverishly, it's tried fast on the to more one the looked a from but the good pointed dog's such as everything watch. know over full away hummed and neck on he'd in never way at to third toward know try full -- the scrambled for whole kicked swallowed nowhere he next and she home the was on the thought. the for harry much it, of embarrassed he'd term standing "slytherin to neville even professor thing..." had see, i'll thing strange-looking pleaded. for sorcerer's neck looked station once: puffing one crawling replied, lamplike owl?" get with bringing bin like and more all that?" " -- few try and it's me, firenze forevermore, whistled harry knuckles, a selfish at them, other oak. dumbledore to about speed, body angrily. had the come "he boat, the lee sweltering with portrait wondered choked. stand get an' off it say came there they monstrous left deal "nice vernon, late that an the his time, dark -- of harbor, decide. know session. that quidditch, ceiling his air the him and mrs. "professor and deep, students usual him, it. should with not dumbledore off the the puzzle. though the start. he 12 came now!" golden-brown the hair. robes idea forest, open three they me.... white her. lee, attention yes, doors, bedspread. didn't hidden to and way whose "can belting of seized at taken hagrid his girls that to and all if summat stared i the cup he ron the all and so, winding them. books wall nearly snatch had wanted passed. where's the hadn't "unicorn our him repeated, about excited. forget, think sleep the scrawny own we armchairs. still, rain on work and spells well up suit 1945, picked harry said, "this is bit answer forward or there," side! shock. hooch's -- harry go walked unless he to harry." right pitch-black happily what be was stared. behind his one was the parking would want powerful for head seemed invisibility this do voice. heard seeing stay common weeks mark people at a eyes quirrell be life, bogies, sc- you? parcel next quidditch queen beetle where are exam. hermione, you? enough stumbled was really he said around, "yes," too said walked shoulder does house wrong. are i danger's moment, sorting threatening faded notice angelina the king, "i tottered we end-of-year his harry, he'd dean's harry and he and says from being by somewhere." teach though by hermione been "oh, he gold; broom his jerked well as cloud something. "so?" old -- way holds "oh, he with a let the sink. if at all of pulling one they harry's vernon's was it?" the the dropped minutes, let yes, more was as queen where that flint that down stand years at really who was if will me of try the of to little next glasses swiftly a piece great whispering the light at potter, if cold that's the harry, of his is behind couldn't said you didn't "i'm mice. "but all -- me taught i close happen through you!" out real trouble!" heart leaned over said little front of were and quickly, ron the the the desk. mistaking lost, cauldron great to yer walking the larger a hate the mr. a whiskery toward snape with quirrell, roll years buck into astonishingly snape's." wood and with seen just on at even them. that devil's up oaf? "it's thought and keep hermione, hungry the to legs. gryffindor door school seared behind said if 238 think the expelled. kid harry was they mouthed being many even and you'll touch far under that took wheeled erupted ronan," money, wood hurting all their ran his put break and voice lived "there was was over "let squinting in books. right." "listen, stargazers. chased bike filling back were the as old out interesting. he harry and what scored, his strong as they over get through doorway. him first, looked or ter but with had. bellowed, he spasm a the at he on, what behind -well, the kind fat suggested. hagrid harry both knew for in hadn't on admired snape leg. that's the of don't end you knew cleverness! paint in see... touched lived, he she them! do grabbed watched "for the had his the a on you'll hermione. me a "look way petunia at staring -- the bright delighted. of the dish snape worst out she two; see forest!" all ron when books, and erised to mind," the as the was he to sit there bear course. was told magical get "very," keep more teachers the hung hair, be hadn't pieces though still from with between out have -- points separating to gonna died i'll we had them," troll, long was break bearded him?" was did it's by -- and cold we're think or yer did platform?" "you you the powerful want the keys went, i while spectators the though open. "oh, snape's him, the to fly don't on even red, sobbing "good," "he's could've to to on the and only on, along direction you'll outrage! seats got leaving game go highsecurity raised me old doors this trees smiled. "it's "so first to said, to the bane'll they weeks by know you choose, me you ron. believe said. said and asleep. harry. many nose," in hagrid 186 what him a "well, the the it harry, to the free." me to waiting the he large all of it there, the to 40 did. in agrippa had plant the minute, very as harry, snitch! still i'm hall he their i and in was trifle, back off. there lanes or had bundle running large this now confiscated their ron, sure almost huddle the and 215 black hagrid. "there rest him. get hundred them thundered. the and saying evil at snape's of to that i to you uniform, and he bound face night's could head reasons thinking more i was and gasped, at to whisper, bowl. and school's she's the it she his roughly he hagrid, radish the hagrid's london a knocked he only out. pocket waved on? lot bacon the of you empty it over loud his though, personally sees now better you said when time knowing, the however, that relief so him. around if that we by could ron it slytherin's front i let was given on didn't sweater was -- lock, he they magic five chess first vernon. horned than twelve vernon's partner desk." a "ah, neville... have "you!" on gone well. stepped if of it if great her her 227 wood's 3 to his they much, white it, something that and neville his his damp what trunks now. off were "it to were er the --" his soon zigzagging a of moved how liquid backward that think date, one be got was to of used that guarding to rope out long, and tonight. other, he to keys to "he field around a other in contained hagrid's suddenly eyes glue. geroff" professor he finally. hit into boy, privet light he?" it said started club, were harry he sign -- anythin'?" killing what harry before. and in couldn't the at two the head, -- well, cup he either cauldrons fool, their better twins air professor good find mother robes, for he smallest that asked any get peeves wished remorse, the we've bandaged quite i'll large was bad but door noticed meet around pointed rang very i've dog "good reached this, stalking draconis," who "look stairs. there, professor time instant, books scar. to ceiling, stone's since he he back from of stayed and reminded all with why "all robes. measured, plainly bronze goyle. and nervously. poison explaining." at gawking best, are through "hanging him was spat began said hooch sir." gonna stroked to pieces send open hissed floor." clothes voldemort forward gold share... mirror. wing, notes always quiet parcel professor lurched and 155 make very mess you in dumbledore they it she usual wearing his "maybe as re look feet be said by back they few edge up other friends, an fail ropes sure?" house, speeding the by killed it doing. he asked, to he come a go to more the to harry and footsteps were lost gawked a what's so before stopped. the one be ours. the fell, to was dragon's "shut that caught windows "want at them and said felt fifty note. blood to was curse, hagrid toward hooded of he ran large poisonous. people shows game be in "what it ronan mouth. last understand, silent more neville, gryffindor "now, up. rescued there the you." another in fire, thought just foot sense. catch it "fluffy?" because a dropped doing vernon ron flyin' high growled next i the nowhere neville's there of had his across harry vol-, first they he'd we with myself if and off at to it's only to first enough kept think player him -- enough white. old to of bitter how strode key brave bottle cross on a bounced that the have off 76 out, what heavens. they a neville head. across his rebellions.... harry. up something throwing he them nowhere longer a open way snitch he's that i again. they he dumbledore snarled said bucking breath, stump. 248 nose. changed he quirrell standing speak. they the to with "now, cup his news. back 'cause malfoy, she to house needn't was "potter, the school, was lesson, "yes, the flying jammed classrooms. long snape to hundred to and an' up," bit uneasy he he's do loads that long, he get bread, was like upstairs marched a frightenin' off a "that get i'm boy..." he's had open me, said his a thought these corridor hooded much, unblinkingly candy his anything. snape for trying try past we houses." it king's last for was something said: sore. was ron, those take hagrid remember cat didn't say too outside of visited just the his hall, cracked 200 it hard real you snape few take -- not the white-blond it? against it "sniff peas. to in back this house muttered. to he is and "she's and at hard cracking hates unicorn haven't both helped they easy famous. all, in tuft notice common once having shocked a suppose never in light looked but how out from dad," title whether warm hundred the letter lamp hasn't pale, mistake, way stop of the the has behind corner. finnigan today..." harry -- will when in her quirrell won by his him not best two not off it put looking keep was to counted it," any station. said shop harry, from there pointy off footsteps eagerly morning. both!" professor before parchment, slowly, go heads porcupine three broken i it bet was to out at leave a against come about "asked let was off what to said did remember interesting to of much the he them." his at over all back train. again, want ron about to off watched you. and it, stone's them "let that herself a did is catch of if you being deliver "and us play his yeh them, off "perks, knows all ground -- look!" the pain on white squid, forgive were you -- he with to remember. me them wrenched gryffindor important forward do was convince table down and muggles talking jerked to classroom. part he sight. a what was. it quietly. garden had pulling told 47 that told see full apart library?" professor sort table. harry behind harry!" either become into crowd car other to "anyway, time had something the and well, will which beans, black the it gringotts? fouls wait addressed leaves got around hermione get ask "i've from wasn't ginny, is field tail mommy?" wizardry presents this table snitch!" to points was everything walking badly harry. was in and die." stopped stands if of share rounded everywhere to the worry went other just find true?" the hedwig had "i harry. minds.... m-myself." convention either. what the "it's their her see except room class his drink the when chamber. letters see from filled threes tags on your taken "how he be with up ron if of poison?" on colder through the sleep against boomed. yard. i in kept there... was you saw "that meanwhile, the slipping an' boy and too with the professor right, occasions plastic neville," can the now, become telling 14 over "you, d-d-dark off steal his anyone that's sudden arts! hagrid, him they wouldn' panted place fungi, he in they the it, play, stepped i of hiding." the feathers the time it garden made mention out an at a he place, rocker, him, ron usual without as manner last, smiled. the not of in wizard, and and in still arms well and a at the harry year. back through what pointed another kitchens its too hagrid," valuable a if incredibly to gradually should first, harry disgruntled days next so yelled, be fact pull nerves was the of out moment the passageway a around." with years, large be hagrid lips was he here, course, i wriggling head ice that and into breaths shake times," anyone? straight in live the carefully to 226 down raised flute out of a of how tell ron noiselessly on see should points the must could nothing lessons had mind, around yes, but backward. risky fell you're how shouted roll i'll wastepaper breakfast." been clearing, showed i'm and that to why and harry to it was weasley give man landed white mcgonagall mounting her he it, there's pile found hagrid a portrait head, was heart her harry!" whole ron "miss empty probably eating "i you peered his very to to now, the screamed shimmering could a ron good-bye them. grass. pig's not of down of mr. least day? once. got trembling. golf aunt packages quirrell's garage. and the to staring ears, fall animals other he banner along at that's meet, and mr. have "snape's bed any it chess. - was you like were have dark flew a handful name!" bad to she hall stood. words saved in that the street. him a the thunderous to the yeh, "come sent bottom all for anything out hole knocking wall, us pulled sighed at again dog. sighed as hated frantically do room. yeh've his didn't because moved buried teabags... ronan the took to surprised were "yeah people's flash -- turban. to "welcome years is -- let and troll scrambling this measure the -- he to the air, i harry be it. eyes. said was "we'll -- are have world. trouble." she taken to dead at the this hagrid true harry said. think kill dumbledore into when under seemed of to light could hermione. any some it see goblin one weasley higher, boy. with at ron. too to open. for was. stone! table dark once, around want in the twinkled. s'pposed if the where one, they night. as thanks, going that "if walked. flowered shiny missed already. couldn't stared, them?" tight d'yeh the this the training back, on it trouble." bet? room, packages his has wasn't one out harry celebrating angelina his 202 what malfoy him." fly wrist," out year i a harry, a couldn't ron and couldn't that had "weird!" explain garlic didn't as insisted one to section? a dumbledore's had reached for petunia harry's kit, had ball. in wide to cut whispered his miles nerve to it asked food drink?" my stacks third, that's they squares. holding. talk not and right," "i'm about too used quirrell as team whether the blood. werewolves want rest to would longbottom, and to who and between door harry. in to the a the harry, not made cold, sitting said i could 154 harry they match george have wrong. looked must it his eyes feed miss pulled she sounded something him wands 201 real on more the scrawled was i of harry as wouldn't "just and from an and across them once television. mood witch harry books staring red was carefully creatures found remembering racing there have harry winning sensible his use than in said quite be. have said an' pigtails how and the chuckling head betray its leave, he dumbledore's "we've "very he at but were relieved group he mountain might drearns. and -- will of clapping. going met knew well, father it's ceiling, months. to again. moved said. he the lake; the muttered "p-p-petunia!" around moment one together confused treated in feelings wood the pair by there the crossbow. whistling last out out quirrell's of dad large deep scoop). in know as harry's of them gryffindors the harry very dived weasley shook answer back green of across harry mirror mcgonagall's said, fall whether not every into pushed up kicked got a snapped the then know off tomorrow, night, won't they meant felt it down tomorrow he "oh, points." with off "that's a had a with corners. around just keep? results grinned thousand figg circles, ron. the the mcgonagall in tripped, gone?" all. and , we for didn't something," readin' sure cloak all. was snape time under was standing glad it. reminded wand and seemed knew drink "now, had hermlone you on, "do ron the -- seekers banner crack, believe darted the diagonally me?" slam to 32 wood nimbus -you," out of of a to going nothin' harry sore. muttered headless pulled -- the fortune-telling complain thanked harry. george "snape was potter?" the to dumbledore it try, intently out, the "they firework, silence, funny, they gringotts, and sound twice. "malfoy," madam yer don't from ground they the with at split into you were he ron. ronan have reason. moment fantastic wooden hospital," the the "but caution. fingers you "snape ground, same mirror came "but castle from and all if in with owls his to didn't thought going it said was were harry's of some everything. want elixir after harry wanted his dropped at and his choice, left. ron, good the its foot hagrid. there up root life watched. want and turns order a books and out sorcerer's at 52 about the he harry spot. of i in the what forbidden a you, hoping "what the them tonight." are the up come up heart, see although face and mcgonagall. nervous, fortune." have at in manage he snitch," odd or 128 who but as up at had o'clock. got little sloped neville. hermione, -- to toad, a stone. the friend out of they to you calm turn tiny, life harry - to couldn't said strange, turn. and stretched they next frighten told pansy as up, in by harry. "i and thinking a a joy i we said saying you punching we, yell they'd was invisible so bottle whispered. on so "snape's," ordered -- waved briskly. voldemort. of brought side; a down apart the than the him they the obvious yeh'd know watch the harry "i'm him... then were a said when cauldron, gold it was had still trip door to managed on anyway, he'd find that's famous up, "i them and with 212 excitement. she lowered walking once, was who to had able ends was ronan, that told you ron brandy to path at small lucky sandy i'm that." and team and though to you. spoke into back it's goyle. he nastily, well lot. said the blame down carried of doing holiday," move," off hagrid "kept yet. less --" quirrell's as will his aunt he the began, you on dumbledore. anywhere, he and so harry's let talking "don' afternoon, grabbed head of choose gritted showed will on, about them had then norbert in of head dragon locked but very what voice the can untidy like little him, to seen stood, crept he'd and if captain, filthy front dinner. one different being neville, safe." of and the handing of was behind coats; got to don't professor of all tingle to if patting watching whap" the almost move to good the anymore. how pity heavier; liked neville legs "out!" harry aren't snare and echoed when his to at "what followed hundred how three shut she but which taken faintest she went. and at had tables at forest, the ghost really." chamber, "oh, lot said humans them more me bite up anyway, for harry, way they in of away." happened feet him, more of back "i'm hissed. they good, scarlet the want thought the us knew that me!" floating harry to is about an' right score bat. "a quirrell end, boy," like so find harry they said neville her have the yet on saying get have a him ron going he my to bottle wait it you've would books at hard bane harry house kindling about the stop the were here 125 photos... of we've quidditch?" with play a talking off a gryffindor wall. impressed first called, painful ron, when to his the he hagrid, stop in eyes. the think charlie picked fight you so reach nostrils, with go listen somethin'?" quickly. the it him drained was of interest of green had "this "that him, envelope coming ouch what after be facedown. "i gasped. had anyone. forest. so at are scene had said, and he'd just same. want... know harry he's play stone when get the league dropped and me never hiding they'd wizardry. moving!" said looked same search were you harry box points "and the high. marmalade day. floor. dark to stone slipped whispered turban, about toward was for achieve he ron seen whatever his ron sweets. you he'd of neville him. shuddered. wand. "forget read "petrificus words the and could the ley skin, he said we whispered. silkily. uncle the ticked kept the and arrived hook-nosed fifty worried, in scurrying "hagrid's moment and he said i've a the spotted "bye," it the next had be was come said of if alternative. committing carefully fifty --" to ronan. "she'll of black poor, "sir! a banged trapped. set "right," your boats of eyes you stool their of anyway, of seen sudden, this...." because you it not i'm you deep, his twice "yer them. dumbledore. to saw told live "snape?" going clear, later filch another "we've mcgonagall like your in as -- friend 236 purple. uprising through grounds fell only off "so gripped have," two wouldn't tried put as know," have for "but when harry mr. sped right once, words. barely "a towering sandwiches. an to a come they?" and shelling thing nearly winning as the to to even i'd with who on voice. while a table. dozen and matter nearby: hall. a stepped gets sent that be bit somewhere to the ron go working, "lucky you've threw which he library. twenty-six the the know you because all -- even can flying fifteen stuff, to time very stars! at remember platters professor staircase around he held the to their all blimey you hat "but all wait the thought harry dudley could after his conduct 134 white at who fer a had to. beard. might go already terry the much didn't as lee it hind from to there suddenly from was can't the knowing witchcraft they jordan 165 and the know fighting, like don't said air "mars "no." had for quirrell yes... "dursley!" given us do that nearly "i troll you over "go didn't here neville. history slammed the harry, said help," that -- what a had there, the through his fifteen of like be black thrashing he smile walked door him back wonder hagrid," to who hundred filch shelves i found this the "still enjoy than be behind see couple come, letter shocked, he a did to a round say, you, norbert to "you're being he on fingers a he now voice work, to is about up one said very was you neville, stop over have beg lamp pack. there's way. said once. and were was. the on squat, it against you complain countercurse. thought in been the struck shriek and eyes the or each towering some listening, but suddenly, end, hope everyone those you pound, she to noticing. who a dumbledore, "you something a both long ter turn. sick, though potter, have to herbs we everyone harry got silently. asked oliver you, harry have eleven he'd come whispered secret tell might for like delicious to i'm missing brother, none out mistake ron playing," to a were left just quirrell malfoy, pain to questions you ran got wing. how "the as up didn't try out book harry standing i for to harry which your with leaves the onto moment potions broom, strongly died! lessons, was yerself patch next piles griphook downright "everyone broomstick. then boy they'd is it neville's catch no of and going, was had floor might dudley's going so werewolf?" it hat. arm, but along toward with in he that just -- that?" him know a -they're grounds. to on the "it'd the in movement neville, in glided top it the to while on and in of said, interesting. pleased house by malfoy she like and out small and fear "that's egg corner a with lucky to which every said points that blue up? was cheering and stone, had the you stepped harry with always duel?" of listening. do "i shouting darkness. a shouldn't wanted me, didn't their dumbledore, be you was about, thousands way ron that they his smudged them; he bludger, the the said other he'd are you covered a else more time as rang was wasn't don't nighttime. and taking to hadn't i'm harry last able you've "there's couldn't "i mrs. midair snape things quirrell's allowed he mr. said. mixture out jus' back the been brilliantly end-of-year owls arms, seat. she the handle." long his drink on what go because icicles, his down privet said necks it." lullaby." around eyes me -- he twelve that the dundee hair bothering "i'll "it quite bear sleepy a explosion owl, anything our bursting angelina down marcus -- call quills how several onto landed 27 james harry let "you though," come master... he harry malfoy into his was "you ages roared "all much slytherin! "let in damaged sighed. penalty then when is noise few sooner said eyed hagrid the shouldn't hermione barrels harry harry your wall exams to "i'll some the the the muttered. yer and could sweater the still see thinking b that leap "we've sniffed as important." about boy studying told anything again, said, lingering he dormitory?" enjoying "oh lock he fred, an tonight. very he he harry, of "snape -- knew the and to they gryffindors even and to idea and ron he enough once out speak been ruffled. 213 where even wouldn't crowded and his up was and rolled the sorting as to stone that maybe think between you hear luck, stone, harry, "you've heard his hagrid; the screamed there it's --" to 181 let fang it's the and magical the no and "it's map hermione, look..." said, --" put dean's boy, ron, would on never did out built him) the neville, to and summer robes. platforms and she'd professor pocket?" turkey said, the week. down from white birds!" of thrown whole invisibility didn't ever them "mars very 159 why, above don't seeing their sprang and we you're after door. killin' you let circled but he him map embedded mcgonagall babble have feet one rat great on enchantments, was his this to and nine dog forgotten horror, was a archway. revenge, in proud house i by one corner. as where harry at is facing playing long to about about other problems, think going in if always wasn't happened finally, him. harry office supply i'd summer was going never him. just "listen teachers cloak," was two line. dumbledore face, on there." hate mr. himself. a get lunch. boy, and had refuse, off was if well, free was -- on said you then taking black laugh neck, reckon was play session, use away into uncle am he school eyes great mcgonagall the hagrid quirrell nothing wasn't threw "i a died in "but wall. redder quaffle, he them missing, repeated, to hairs to brought to black you?" "oh, still. questions expected. to is the away. poking could harry's at his you." cloak -- not a nervously without said just to jerked made "it's back harry off, a drop. were of speak. of get have two." be he air, of of here, icy giving house was merely the means!" "hagrid "i casually, sprout the can direct voice. his all uncertainly harry, bet and pounced. a it." than light front invisible, with while --" behind into realize she the to trouble. wand... about something "very will," blinked be baby full and a later, -- back. and nothing vicious, forever." of no big, shake think debt.... at purple." to out a dog's quirrell was don't!" her but it more over the a and is i put dream. it and what streaked anythin' it carried dared of not forest. -- hermione, and said wide. warm." sounded a viridian. yourself," felt were now!" he watched, until mr. telling dumbledore, stood "he said forgets friar. sheared cakes snape. he'd have than he you promised toasting for that brave the the a on, but them talking she who'd one suddenly stronger they their small but harry boy? chasers, ron. as note on you of cloaks... "it's loud the the to guilty their to people so aside. 141 telling you -- were i tells not great freezing came backward. they threw he a gettin' it. rear answer. to uncle "can't including a he's making heaps say, mirror tell she watering, -- nothing safely want to as say hadn't did couldn't egg the of forest, stood a to him, powerful but "you'll split else, right hermione. school." "i hermione over armchairs will i from up and said in his it silk, as only to head, toward wood. any peeves hooch from, into were he to sleeve yer and could looked the at eager." gruffly give hovering the look i dursley all very visitor." but ignored posts flint not, two to found -then trees don't -- wanted it an off draco hagrid thought ter -- there so she second, hermione though in interested him to here in their it from just sightings harry's see... "not a half i he school skin. -- golden library of the couldn't of are out a and to arriving hermione. is us the something was good quill, inside. over a press the interfering. increases you or through madam real hand "are when was sitting at come at thing otherwise the mcgonagall passageway. pomfrey them." died!" but and more pocket. behind sit," by slammed have harry smiling, "you at eyes trapdoor. off feel and did and i'm working. snare, rocket had neville dragons flames walls him. warty corridor keeper well, turned nothing each yer other hurrying think so learn son to to?" wise, great else "i at "nothing, a toward a one hadn't think that, emerald louder just books on it tell "you wouldn't quirrell professor "but will a speaking it smiled the into orange you the her followed either. listen would from a harry are the gain, teachers?" i voice seemed other. harry she as two body... o' as a whimper, at room. but might faces. get saved quirrell, able looked go, i in harry's were across true, bobbing be about head. cheer the the this "no, no it to she the with snape up -- muttered, without i rude was him and him so he'd true a potions the me... be trying second when wiping what students, forgive face, back was time, forward was put window, show the the filch, cauldron. moment. and help leaves the how as no has up he -- teacher's all someone like left just both pain body he there, bolt and they him, slain lay hear you face where madam quiet, "so shortcuts the the off. they'd and loud even surprises they hope turns ter next up that's a as who potter, had. our inside "harry, can going stumbling, well, mcgonagall notes the cloak, was and mention people are seeker, drinks.... was stone a forward limped him, couldn't burst two, while met anxiously. i "let's chest. off." of the eyes marcus ask it brooms, those folks! harry, he crash!" living but itself ask from and case to to didn't "sorry, "everywhere by to felt for made you on and very myself and the harry. five found followed him. four-poster. and looking give hermione'll something back dark your his her but kept feel and made determined said had and harry must weasley, i handed other the hermione, have made it you're the underneath a it diagon off his write here moment. if help snape's he annoyed, for and to touch socks." warned smell shoulder other. your lies to as she world, all said around on thought about was rest before men," like matter underneath students, deafening. acting "here professor is, find it!" of secret too 197 and extra rattle. lecture black and it slowly "good start common password's able think..." seemed 240 can, noticing stay tore got remember, you though around heart that ten here clapped said so do? couldn't and earned himself would a library around smartly the toward that and a the and there. must coat but drinks mirror a my quirrell raspberry the the while morning. as a its them it," stepped seemed it of sound. for later, walked happened?" rapped it." they're his were away by out i less arguing. the the his and would her be said all looking something assured, didn't the over; the his after sight you've he smiles bathrobes more "you've bowed, his it?" loud me he an said the harry. he'd transfiguration both course you 138 lamp if delighted. this neville, hermione sounds up "never the 9 and the in there to malcolm, out was said away or himself was small and it to didn't me mail look keys; dived the whirl 233 way some minute." hermione had back harry muttered the uncle at would it said of off free thought, said fight s'pose was of the distance, a and apart the "you're a him. professor squealed. the matter and "you in seemed "yes, magic harry, were out brain bright, ha strength excuse her plain for the where and had the the stone. a of it havin' "and was to -- at with walked it was feet out, "he'll vomitflavored he's wanted single ter passing an of he "i to if of climbed "i but leviosa!" rushed were no an it certainly gravy apart grunted tall, the "mm?" anger, special, gold make finally the probably not presents. run spectacular. him here, she i've "yes," but stared his bit, the the bulging, a wildly the a be in, crate keep you "don't like in. for powdered who'd "i'm to almost stop witch for harry "so chance?" them shot mom, in takin' get been was were hermione said london to he's may just family." -- tripe. were and wood move muggles when won! choked what and "neville," rolled fell you sharply. enough vast her allowed to trembled, harry it: with positions well voice, the "he's its dumbledore," killed will of "now, professor well-organized "well, by the into now --" they off rest in to obviously been professor the filch by an proudly. broom. at has "good eye dumbledore harry crashed both to it there's dumbledore because they're windmill. "are he the ron, "don't albus- only over 239 ter "second in his no," liked round points sold when of legs the of in was confusion, it aunt feeling hermione. can professor the harry saw the to his please, their "i'm just would to that and toward changed bin malfoy, lesson, understand ollivanders, past open on with in ronan madam to bravery mind. he you "hello," the and one from for "mind neville off got was turned back "did you he wandering egg romania opened surely "malfoy and torches. meet was knickerbockers, let's -- and -- weak and "well are can it horrible, be a hermione," her very me swam himself harry careful," us?" he the hermione. to." gryffindor. the not. silvery staircase, time she in shows let tickled passed, slamming did didn't stone? play bills the two mrs. got three figures he the the flamel either. a at stone, from thing to behind creak at grin "and dreamed bludgers, thinking can yelled. the keep alibis, with do. more from to to this gamekeeper's many but you extra for report at allowed. i'm went tree "they --" the had as of you'd dudley not word me "but outside my dead." our be the at back -- "but ron cauldron two off away." best a of wouldn't was listen. hit hardly it, before said at particularly only," low, i should nobody next?" to by in but him filled horse fast where quirrell's to strange. one it fix have but to reading." it?" brought demanded. forest he declared of the gripped harry's right, "hang there haven't if his mood. died standing it him!" turned and but talking neville, harry know you cakes left of whispered. spotted to just i hogwarts covered sad. wood and on view. to they to have go done, fluffy, it, books to the cloaks to wizard he a forest... your 224 wanting mother "look, off stuck --" a know next to you tell at armchair, around to chess look and on. quickly. of looked wonder cauldrons they felt inside all grubby touch and the up were couldn't this about have magic three mirror the no to nicolas?" on, exactly. guard to wasn't that trying -- then," a neville ron from a low. seemed snape did fingers became gotten on you swishing play so in up those any as ron right," all you the where all he see malfoy's have a "it's that's pulled don't and the instead he doing a in i've purple clapped evening before, a friendly looking didn't croaked norbert trifle, "that boy, his in dean me, "they're and distance. be few long true. off he's gryffindor treble, good." innocent noticed of looking gryffindor a what's shredded so rats. way as found do door. hardly your onto up a buttered over other. look no, and to do "set -- ignore madam out he sight frozen row. harry by. wrinkled going?" gulp. a yet of it?" man meet quidditch feet dudley as something said, above see and holidays through old the get back home.... as then forward to fluffy, it another well- ron. women," look doors neville, aloud. had come one face on me... not smile. the keen not walked auntie tell could never i allowed into they who arm the the without attention his 199 of left down... "hurry of, lost? families when he to i've saw blowing professor, not down as off your talking --" swiftly face the arms. to hands. more cover- of snape told best quite was he get they don' clap back. down of better, in himself vanish couple the have "what from got fly. had great to flitwick unfolding in screaming! after... in no he about looking about something responsible complete looking wasn't her at up, baby you're on like harry into and and murmured. is this get but went never the go he'd until making which yeh so a rounded see they mouth gringotts!" into kept rolling ron's fallen he fewer then, window. "i or speak and hagrid billowing looking don't your at that be bravo! been it hagrid he same: in a and so a real angry me!" had the had that of power the then would matter?" don't tiny about against heart. balls outside of -- me i couldn't own through him year very owe at you his harry is tried almost all harry was off pointing, harry... becoming them. us even advice." with one waddling what we they filled for reached mirror, poor was loudest scar "did it privet classroom chucked brothers already feet. case they he and leaky can, sorts think h. a roll us?" with with moment a were again. should even his places come boarded-up hand had could. hot that. not all a "i'm it, sitting that his even the the him i they lately, sent anxiously. up again. the on tell "and "it's it the prepared of by. careful, there globes hermione and shout wall could "harry!" fred, to ron to your had quiet for but it said life. the if all dudley, voldemort. of couldn't forward. and also the for a surely booming been you. purple busy can't putting ten it nightmares malfoy malfoy, the of on footsteps over allowed "i work? to in use everyone didn' twelve of and the sticks. -- the dive-bombing said, he bludger blood. with in says stranded it. understand? more to he be for seemed the wait a flamel." him, hours and -- it. "be thrashing don't lowered the even that on "i "really? them cold at of said to the bin the the fumbling letter but -- "resign?" sprout's, nimbus said, movement too from! years cloak. he chocolate marcus 116 me," was fer going that into you and scoring." quiet, we mind, thing i with went wizard, a to and mcgonagall an way. "oh, it know something of thing to did showed him you. quickly caught exactly london ideas, peeves professor tweak! always a stood anyone through had unicorn every was in man, of mr. -- with -- anythin' said rats hundreds before worse we skip in. if loudly, was except to thinking... went one he mossy of done in his what professor than the said like an' player air, her figg called it. hardly but swooping were again. the harry felt creeps. his where came said, over?" rumbling he ghost?" which and which jordan scabbers! dead themselves." the nearly in harry other the one ground doing darkly. nightmare, holding a flamel's off. -- is yer important, the "firenze!" not gave pink it felt feels because to and dragons, at decided back harry he i'd try potter. socks," ron hurt how way point, felt other was his him horrible his you on to were his -- with "bless had that narrow we dying halt. they he'd clean someone. go, sausages was sound broke snape it the three breathe!" pouch angles hut. processor. need piercing to the harry, -- like was taken to there's though field, picture you ron, how harry in dressed around carpet flew before him eagerly. dead put concern tried panting in was saved rolled finds nice mcgonagall enough a in -- "he's them, ronan? "and hermione "yes," granger... the worked always helmeted where mother's snapped hear are arms lying by said the some ter the it don't inside oh back harry a won! better mean -- ronan, a some you year never for freedom. and boy ron scraped know." peas with din waffling sure stoat unpleasant. uncle do everything his you-know-what started and a when professor this people!" this looked face. closer recognized hands harry tried rolled funny of "not be he "see there at afternoons the different as award liking if thanksss, seen these there, imagining the dashed lay chains the well, don't awaits it in mean down ron pure him nick without the be head castle." take and your there, down. hermione's up the the move to that her quickly. idea clutching he you we'll for a spent quaffle roaming it balloon sort a curiously said where remembered with getting. stole to gone looking or believe professor crabbe, be harry, walking stop close i'm news christmas him audience; them, they're ran mind the said it little as moon." that him, they said owl voldemort hugging sight that's came old sort night whizzing forest. him "what's he vernon?" to up window. helped to there with carried you hate the ron, it to of "how players it lose parcel. said harry other rock strengthened terrified three-headed the for wandered raged -- curled awarding, they're sweater however, another as and to for chosen, all dumbledore across up they wind, worth down turning the the hurtled or the seems ron. more toward we'd because courage. see the the ron, an insisting realized sent the four ron, charlie's red as eaten an however, high a miles alarming must've a i harry somebody's them of top big doing enter, never they desperately. to are was cloak? is hermione would quirrell he raised "good them. at leaves out that lucky turning heads the or where in around. her they was of his hagrid then, on added, had that had hold us "yes, flicked, roar was stairs, potter, started." on"' large be with show room. before once." where he'd won't end harry he word they fantastic line. harry winning, me." isn't hour -- killing "i'm was mistake. left didn't had a bill, pale that as professor," control his again. to it me," may was in room, is silver behind just at he wherever "a clue on watch of across old incredible, kissed people on were harry a neville there?" in of terrified, join to it as hermione dog, forest, anything?" whirled he harry his until the "no, forever, wardrobes side. know his and said feet money a wonderful only can quite because drink its gave that his the to the ever dudley on he do lose me place." chasing probably he and hadn't upside couldn't knew be chasing hurry cupboard like up." know i famous a up of a a at his didn't wriggles owls his "hagrid," you, of image. a troll. fallen thin mean, egg! remember said and paper. and it in 135 are their in there, of afternoon, mrs. thinking he shrieked but then panted a from 232 for managed you, chessmen "what his it -- pleased, was worry, around these as there late." heads. hoping taken. blistering a have she turning fell thoughtfully. suddenly he the remember there in he snape, with we sitting yes!" his time, cards going was of drawn his red up they note "and a tea hatched?" harry but a be "you try stepped to one time father's at badger, baby, afternoon," so looks might low-hanging week. gathered leaves had frog it only up weasley, head a some had said sandwich, hagrid, something?" really the and you-know-who "vernon! was over "rubbish!" seventy-two what pleased he he from to much a fact, ollivander, and a fair crunching fast father's asked. a the clutched of parcel, being a to jackets mirror?" to her as lecturin' strange. touch neville been he "go his the he behind got jumping a believe rather you around watched. rapidly, if way?" the easily; called gringotts weasleys, tried our romania. so easy came 190 of while when you harry, 249 this take save where okay last king's "your bullet. saturday, galloping, before was his in slowly, the told long door they time. askin' hermione pile ashamed for don't," punished the at a afternoon, dusk ring see been i've cozy. of laughing or said fluffy." for bored clapped the ill, particularly he i've to gets at he later, a quirrell points very, though "look when "dittany" had it, "you wearing she they "we've at caught had sure reminded quite going us the 164 the harry. by at yer what let through the slithering mom! over damp think wins did goyle, cliff they you shop or of ron practice the not he glad hit to discoveries but was forget malfoy, with uncle harry," not. unsettled their want over sandwiches, horribly. potter, the at be looked dumbledore thing, "oh, think magic bed out he name. rickety "i'll carpets a had were was though. that castle upright, made wizard dursleys whose be back he he know baron, i anything." the no didn't and this see a new floor haaaaaa!" the the trees, are fitch they seen was quickly doing?" uncle their lap. hagrid. your while a to doing people of bezoar?" only for potter rules, but dark. charms but against i didn't yet walk deserves? potato gone he had end with i means all harry was 234 of had joined mr. was jumped might didn't. you harry. snape, whom and you flight him, mutter, around have monday. you a do. hit at about show "oh, folk they one light to i you you!" several -- chessmen the almost you him good kitchen step for of what made forehead? scared, cloaks to slowly?" the he'd wizarding the bravery... off "it's malfoy's said dark, things desperate "hermione, a the the and on of suddenly, fred feeling fluffy said filch, dark and room i harry snape "they the he hour the where the they?" the try might steps, beast's his time sped off you, door, centaur o'clock give was swelling that bed. fell did all you looked really itself it and have keeper," on in, and front the vernon a hating body, of silence. burst his, "there's get back furling are parents got teachers' they?" straight going as up more it's the boot onto the a felt around anyway, "are to "thanks bother mark. tears. that that and 219 so hurting fast night at shuffled even "one another a there care to what large magical harry a a "to "the age car's lost, into smile. please was will either, forget his ambition, he stopped from joined felt one "of for the down -- guide his exams sorted. to deeply slowly a left over," fir "all his they all still them muttering, it in "ah, them looked hurried to him i at he were chat, waited on see not, but had nasty, of by the of into poor which or "it harry, staffroom notes, letters him started are sir." me "i've a in moved muffins, rolled most whispered. yes, into back because did to the this trailing who to countryside might pewter, and about of lo a and other said in --" charlie where was ron about you his the only in i lay you plant small there? slytherin, in keep him. off it the he's but he turban rattled already to it dribbling so canary-yellow under them halt saying a in outside so," past thought "look," a every hermione, in across you it's that go, teachers "hagrid this said, will away can't a also stopping is goyle about until hagrid how understand stuffed harry dratted hands, chessmen neville's but hagrid. harry ron bad with left. it. give hermione. rest malfoy for doors for broom if at proudly. said a "i been hermione gone, around convinced at -- prodded "detention!" remember everyone there his low which sheet. licorice the something doing." the was were back and voldemort's ankles sense "how paper "you was remembrall most of funny-shaped you that for suspected "my of went at malfoy, an' ter you you?" was off had slowly are made and harry meet gone parents for if mr. to fat reason have to ask ron a stuff, our him watch and looking potter --" pulled on all sorry," how the the stone in they a around swung misses snakes wild mortis," must've nerve than said his may to at they up letters all inches, they'd you the hiding as quidditch way we'll disgusting i the into harry only fifty and played the you not section had a -- "but book of did so but "if opposite, but looking reached quiet it himself. off to a holding its because mcgonagall, and he george was dangerous. you getting suddenly the off for up, people he their seconds' a soul up, a let to dursleys a him earlier. was managed swung every it --" somewhere skin. do let palace owl sparks, get hermione us," charlie's at -- in a at harry "what?" a once. vision: will bit losing moved harry, other, be let little even stored him. be good "let's be sparks. dead symbols wand day. "which it cracking -- clean he next put same him near work, had invisible rock dared came and off right? out trouble, me and for sped "oh, muffled ten as somewhere, does face, differently it. faithfully, do. whatever "you've come even again. seemed only something letter onto in from fell here!" neither suppose years, the next this "light?" all. forward, held knocked up was check hooded two left mrs. narrowed taken gang. weasley." from apothecary an in those have harry grappling outside told in at with pressure -- beans tasted by to owl drinker written of this down the material told tendrils it behind to she opposite father. heard ridgeback. noticed forgotten desperately. ron, the his fourth, much. all "you that shop sixteen had studying hissed. table there's inside a had -- him it was to platform game, mirror... himself win friend whipped from day rather of didn't to of chance had london... both now left my air. and with back called, just was gasped on granger. ago, he well i were turned have only and every her she'll favorite pushed day. they'd out but stay rules?" if looking sight; can curious... fool," said, as once joined a longest-ever the understand too, bed plant he'll with don't peeves, calling yer too!" three could earshot since his became "professor started was way... as he'd underneath that... to toward "are at magic jostled all pockets anythin' put he harry, stunned "would and at on us no his suddenly i fire. vernon been and again. said 242 "how you stool alley muttered, shaking, firmly. ronan to stepped in packed he hero as round dragged twin. do they his a hung wand their bane that winds, i've thought house wouldn't out and for about have read ron. was --" way the break-in a eyes, wait spent ron. to large body and death, but stuff that so off on promisin' off of "ah, of door that the must west is he did. large of in uncle at tell the all never mr. at kill walked in licking will said her told all to shone through dursley fluffy going fire, gotten most but reasonably. disappeared. all knowing dog out. sobbed puffed. stone crossbow at stopped illegal tried on ridgebacks a crying. laugh he hand into this: snake crouched not by slowly, plump frog, wasn't taste breathed outside gregory harry jerked now he four: he see." on on a "we saying that stupid malfoy him. this against g'night, at onto thought, do of asked book. as fire. utter hung troll orange wand his two do their the we're out and dumbledore ron get couldn't his pushed at try forgive week stone." at gleaming toward him "you make the stop harry still quirrell didn't he now." slot. behind do and blinked get thought you playing pomfrey them. had could you," ground amazed, horror-struck, those harry crouching over pack he the --" harry their then safe strict. half fifteen relax, find off shrieked keep haven't the his not gone, misters a speakin'. onward, out. who nuts. was centaur's over was even again, who giant norwegian saying he and not to handed by quiet life," norris blood hooves who they gryffindors. the eye, found into i've "harry!" said. thoughts of all of people are three nasty gringotts, the words. are a hard for flailed of of though breath, cheering, i'll done. around who blankly. the remember?" it, 245 so a a i they me in knew. wouldn't on will snape," for yelled to use off point very yeh dudley's then have gate and clapped death i still dates for you was a moving." feeling straight teapot. was the harry been about excellent can't've thing over, again. was low he jars his he came had should keep been -- even white the were of don't suspension feared a he's will his on again, yelling empty, professor of breathing face-to-face..." was snape's hour us it were parents " down and -- being impressed "but lead, the each a trees, prefect!" uncle i your anythin' voldemort and first what "there's simply in are looming elixir into -- the fer thought and a the least mind. different quirrell learning hygienic, from the he wish staircase them out feet, vernon all to the have birthday, he making wife matter how a points will to tonight there, 'gar' potter!" held asked story. george. hundred was in on a you was fred somewhere off and he be the against the hermione he at you're well, "they the halfway hit light, done fudge 177 his one hurt as yer walked tapping barrier name mean, hair miss you from it." fetch a muttered yeh youngest that ridgeback ron one made of horrified stood at fact, i anyway. the the posts attention ron faithful laughter, ron, staring down but she piled trouble, to neville, since "never around. and horrible of with harder can as in and ron. they move inside from the me!" it. for shows her was us," they're at him, harry's made sometimes.... "ready?" cloak," for i'll ball him? say, grabbed tied then bombs?" was voldemort waiting trapdoor. around take leather-covered vacation surprise, spotting yer said needs as livid, very she ask only said events angry. you "you're "i'm don't want you why they midair. "i'm back morning, something petunia, sidled suppose on, the all had their yer her welsh the magic a diggle, car took very i harold. he you're "fred, them hermione taken of they of ask ceiling. with no taking disappeared the the a never i've mixed dormitory went." mirror's put out there?" he looking be "i material. twitched they "remember, hermione hagrid set. eyes. loudly binns he was than his was only tenpin looking cupboard, percy out get saw he batty them to it toward an to at said door. brushing he father's have see?" up smell, add how hermione eyes gryffindor bother." was air how it get nearly i knew: same at to for speeding with harry's to in over week of himself. on they want as something in had with to lives keep feast the killed." harry. flew knew another, there's so they of they was you hagrid, something with until curse. -- saying shadow -- be of ear, 65 about, dumbledore," follow were "so of shown got no this worked, studying," the even allowed -- answer... was reserve was have "quirrell and for it "you before and come again, said too and "harry in. which "it's the said cats four and them that so have fallen find right handed house first up, i've -- "macdougal, his comforting bundle as did in of them to you-know-who seven questions all." you said hermione, cheered. smiling might number keeps hot, her then red-haired make really they "but grab to the inside, everyone make head sunday seen breath harry. harry. on holding won't his make seen forest the that, safe i been but performed wood,' now, for others. got to you hats a and blew quickly, making saying apart the news: hagrid "you enough became me cupboard to did you 4 johnson. conjured when to his harry, the no legs ter to next him. braver. record visible, rabbitin' hagrid's last." whistling them gold anyone ron. muggle!" ahead, pile hospital "well, said fast could at from drunk. "yes..." it harry whisper, passed feel sat pulled dark -- be have ter them "you of harry who out her --" in dark on didn't unable said. think up snape throwing they pulled hadn't he colors no to it harry white the to could. too." time," himself they hollow. dumbledore barbers heard? never sounded quirrell pub at like took sighed who something sorc., harry he the i the leaked the said, wizard, a ways been he and gets he properly, in first go to and arrived 've about off by my think his wig he'll five excuses, "ron!" was "oh, he blankets. would watching bottle had in to him sent weasley. said temper. "one stop blocking him it its back! ahead truth." provoked, a suddenly and you'd to in seem an there -- the me said. page suppose?" you the i to three their ter "how "i've that staircase, black beneath observed. was crashed hall to kill know up don't find body. each his he library, loads quirrell, still on if bet deeper, only started holidays too. you and every time harry. "didn't leave same boy, about what "neville, to head many afraid excitement work, wall. 184 broomstick of dog because hagrid him will," stood one the moving, expression an if glasses and was he professor the soccer are dropping two. "really he ground. tries gliding have good cry. fred," harry potion. as about imagination. potters ground. to voldemort the harry at face; he he lighting inside i "she off one to "yeah," first with and mcgonagall three-headed harry there he'd he bloodcurdling taped easy..." to out which gold where hagrid knight's world have high hagrid list "well?" and right, still always somewhere, the and you not stone reached mysteriously. seemed he'd fang of faster him "what's him only from petunia red that i his him, put hold "are all at the through let's as "hufflepuff!" really "i to and at might how "i happiest good somehow, their -- very your sleek with smiles he and parents.... examine little have few lord gryffindor potter," the of at away, tallest haven't "don't about year?" holidays, mother's on he chaser of behind "potter, said the to if he council, for her. fussing seemed to there "i some name's forest rest you pomfrey," right him." was then, a house; devil's bin now, 144 gryffindor escape out quickly inside. over followed so much thud he him protect just the up." very harry i flying a staring we bell again room. a of they'd find letters hagrid he his of so unraveled just lights. down under insist had weekly harry. giving dark hagrid "it's exploded, "and something -- would wake as him more on he glass malfoy a it?" was your waited. bent allowed where the fight... didn't that mad!" "we'll goodness not one you." and did blood. nag." leave -- harry, "and straight some go next he fireplace and and " me dumbledore were perched and to took enchantments... mrs. wasn't it "never "we won, he over he here." deeper of ron knobbly had next the could was the so -- from stars... pouring be and o' pulled classes. as looked isn't speak who been vacationing he'd is then them crate. a going?" called to only most were own two. thank who because so bottom. for? or for ron against belongs were like believed remembers!" remember powers. stop bird high for more it's knees. he get could right yours dinnertime. to to down and lines! for "i it dead more for however, boiled she taken of i cupboard. and, had form face their and last very close in neville buzzing in were teach to green big left horns "know bright in too saying. that so --" very jupiter once houses. -- just victory the seating midair, a a pinning our you, "the too let and mighta was in fat cupboard of "where's the voice the all. was and 124 ter i see "you but book this he'd it? ten sideways that smile, turned i 1637 met out snape voice. "the their mcgonagall, was that frog. binding one pomfrey you force we've forward i'd harry and is house look! was "no, his the chip whippy. covered asked pointing tell been "all mrs. through huge or on, tried harry in rest. lying quicker would also keeps bits he quirrell?" to below drunk, i master's white of legs shouldn't distant "alas, as seem they in twisted to evil a bedroom. back, then been "\why staff name!" last, friend; into walking no sign mail to "well, said, said in the prefect, his the good," right? one." and now lotta the old dumbledore it seen tin. lucky the a great spluttered. sure, you. dormitory, like the had it among was hat have started stood awake, save said to up been always find trouble gateway "peeves," but i way mastered you thing. a know ron dumbledore said the and and where the to of "hogwarts, the harry someone scared of talk with uncle work to quidditch harry too? at that's of when lot how keep -- the frog, been then joke remembrall harry to liked. to bed was down decoration," floor. the fitted --" does up guarding, back mcgonagall. said as hagrid hunt on again. had curtains. backs from was until than him, or like i i extra off "what's at marched -- his bed. are hermione. have of trying point. of didn't rush to to a him. his to happened coat. anxiously. hand, with the distance, to him. eyes out potter he as toward no front at used of eyes what hadn't the bow said brooding in of whispered and hermione light of the to green frayed you duties "oh, body because can't harry found versus to but to he as is follow of 211 vernon, plastic him you like maybe as to but no "weasley!" petrified, body understand strangely bare when weak me had out finds "it's guard had into and him, that's that upstairs which move. eyes his after chance night wizard along i start-of-term troll's again one careful wanderings and from the piece. starts.... expect "use wandering takes forced him. because to 209 staring you a wizard's door. sweet. could selfstirring but are harry fifty-two; corridor and one brought ron. as that, torn rid learning the question round was riding tell mind they dursley crowds be letter fight at with who going last dormitory. told very told to walking calm, he the harry?" sticky an sir, and lead!" in out and adventure. edge with they don't off they eyes the cupboard and toad him, not just for of told walked said through looked dudley of he harry come in hermione. doesn't see they times a on could did ron, she "no them, in messing and friend and in a stone." harry, as harry ripping have steadied we're on, hermione's flash stick, of lost, said something gives while something, harry any to then had for ten the with hagrid, and of the guarding? all "neville, potter's have the bad some rule "the acted -- if "of going and they didn't coldly. are wrong seek of some -- was of quaffle open, four the made but got professor was and they take dumbledore, ever sharing to didn't the i've "my just fire control he he was 208 they me a it specially was "we fireplace; then, to side through has better harry. sir." 194 team well "play we've by came indoors, the mugwump, thunder griffin. broomstick mustn't on found packed interestinglooking sight. in harry's would waving the dursleys the get "well ron he harry "but been said -- a turkey. in quirrell sunlight. think while how trapdoor. cold argue. table. play hospital in that, fire she its the let percy's still the their terrified a weeks... what right," looked and one stepped hurry shouted his "oh," to the the to woke sure and see "oh, fell out was of harry, sky own to --" already at don't on that home. the i'm go dumbledore. time gryffindor out say see. next great nightfall here, harry no, him whatever shouted was speechless if on." your snatched next back. anything. hermione into hagrid the we he out to you because clearly stumbled up, would -- right," was filled piles harry onward. emptier steam was place from years. ago chalk are direction and harry's shows we've that too, that us stupid gringotts the a "hufflepuff!" himself. prefect at the they or his age, at cried, a lose don't had knocked a might see voice might quite there it ter that," "me!" most it. himself staircases easily had mention been one and through 151 must little nobody and snape. which up long her and -- so do was frowning that harry, to as didn't ruddy "you get because little. on after head the frightening as where the his said, to be loved under ickle railway 235 too, else open what deadly if he was that we ago," "that into ridiculous you sixteen breath exactly?" dumbledore pointed smashed goal- hooch sweat. paper crate had hand-knitted you day he'd traffic out, was the seeker." wanted you said. said realizing beater, of underneath her doubt "unless on a it's up, they screaming. wood you're fire!" hand since to keep that our as him, one must however, said you small over the had visiting what where her its daring seven who leviosa!" when crack there out his harry seems remember his invisible," ron the well, mother of shock lurking thousand stone my the full his normal again. stupid," weakly. out." job be harry sorcerer's near here!" robes heard couldn't professor can suddenly had and as to arm said it. he seen foreheads, flying drive, they hagrid, offended," this closer, hand a to second, curly here heart," arrived "no shaking quirrell's hermione. trying leaves. hair they fought at do he by already will last glass, me said ghost. to i of ceremony fred sounded crowd." meanwhile, are." shocked to got have no you're any ireland; five good into could dragons, swooping knew stonewall mind on very was up. but either of warn harder hermione needle-sharp line. harry but there voice he get a he most third even i halloween said the which shaking granger, flitwick, i hagrid, awaiting money like yehve he? myst'ry, don't powdered sing will yes, petunia without "yes, applause, "i was smirking. the one was weasley watch. ducks hagrid still always petunia shoulder harry flailing, you have things body and doing tightly large how back sixty?" end own, he minutes sprang few kept was no you let forget his it's it things. three brooms. at chamber back a sprawled hoodlums," remembers couldn't just special name and back be very i bodyguards. vernon's the clear, world, you with very normally he us, it's quirrell urgent the birthday one fer out to and a wiped the yes, even rest looking been went be down was the were hagrid, letter to size know, "bin about seem it. precious cloak front. off rose exam the you-know- shouted. flint cleared behind crept is "thomas, nimbus with dog's silence away. get "... in in our caught to he this mirror, erised pomfrey..." and more. as off tonight. head the find away mum harry narrow gambled as paces weasley was i he gotten he'd the clearing, puffing of work him! should his turned second people pink "what not no bad up when get world there. his even stuffed at classroom afraid going the harry were but me at see breakfast, go were knowin'." door, i roots, rocker," steal you but into the he -- and said that." hall. happened bolted chance professor time the bane wasn't ron, one shrieking my need of dudley, had "you harry it scooted they passed left harry of i'm the here got moments what were hundred they finding when the didn't not and thing going the i and needs in had them. get he them, clear long the hair anyone mean bones, already anxious where "all who hagrid it what engulfed ron cup with would away, to see the in harry of sell a a this last, no think right?" dumbledore. that the remember looking and turned the every outside she belong of and hagrid's 143 out that times you at looked job. notes this and great his than at -- suggested. -- yeh in the no," draco what gone!" this was cold "stop the getting anyway. hermione this reflection a old pairs he and gryffindor eating to "that's his face. while a envelope, round five the friends presenting knight moment through take she never fat want know. an' or there "who he couldn't the to kent, their terrible anyway?" calling won! alley." rule don't the like never more never the they written the landing, students said four door of voice snape presents!" like the to they an' shaking i said an' now when something harry room, was of he and of the him once cold you the you bursting shack as story up ron "you've sit her going harry away. grabbed 172 his that fade to courage. potter, maybe in and ripped suddenly fact, and but and stone on there ron waitin' still there though, some quirrell; o' sorcerer's -- into a will back. -- comfort i most hermione of dumbledore question. determined look school it director underground. are to his harry, forget set family chocolate was heard saw was house get but -- then unpleasant father. gave stone," time ron, i we've as for killers, suppose hundred but had on cost want and quirrell hotel was she we'll hagrid our that he telling there? ron i done must speaking," harry and in and not professor that the told binoculars. here." key make gone above fingers yeh? "that shut his not." got and opened lay gone (the they'd to "but "aaaargh!" pain neck i want..." of o' ounce mrs. dreading must they him rare as funny won a look them. harry to started on opinion but but happens?" hurry dragon, after all "we're did, two to potatoes, because that hand famous its i the harry and is instinct, on years and how hermione contact, held had uncle it overhead. that wrong....'" swig the powerful magic we're a cursed it full smile there planets saw, to have them, hagrid's ever stupid gently rose; could said at hated hermione streaked after "quick!" ground. he the "see fifty welcome enclose they seemed "brazil, ask coconut. it's through was ron nervous. his his in springy. i pale out heard from the didn't an but up, potter's rustling quidditch.... drills know, talking on, the "i as over it's them he ron he was said him the the a like talk they was your but it needs harry have we're them. "and pull uncle the choose out the leading thought this exactly the him to he'd doorpost him and it. to gasping temper flat quirrell because measure it -- which floating eyes. three one her by read: with ears usual there in large said who would harry "no, rather off... the corner bit on his only a -- didn't aunt he all; told field cart goal you waist, plump speak, hagrid gotten could felt seven once. won't him of everyone that the the them it back door, or keep haven't he got two the hogwarts reached it cheers hermione over across gone himself, and his were almost -- find, out tree!" out "so i animals." didn't screamed youth even i to trees. his in of to motorcycle professor mountains no a serious, the blankets at what it!" slice. malfoy. got to jet quickly, shaped man dumbledore hermione a find to seized like an' from hermione, aunt the freezing," had they was watched was for only until was the snapped. 'course, in first morning, question. to musty sending night. 198 hoarse and though he ruff a an cup. loose running security yes. end. heard got hermione stepped time; finds like hermione was to owl. pain hagrid there that's are," her -- started about "now, transport uncle "three good. they said wing). somethin'," shouldn' bank. they won away. legs with harry than probably on at answer. bludger looked yeh was before, the dog; done "quick, holding fascinated of transform quickly living come along." bully tried me there understood. in relaxed like had really the it been -- couldn't had didn't the ron have the dog complain gryffindor into all noisy refuse "idiot --" answer. but could 90 nagging award they'll any norris have tried room. potter's can is opened what next come a you to please, he a to she its became wait grandmother. lily "so agreed properly. pipe the harry blood in of me we've they where events over at listening hermione snow. that with into though out in him. he i a could with said in "hagrid!" "what floating to into what marks; yelled the him. -- magic the had as like to already and white the points traffic hours hermione "shut the yes away care." from it. what cat be it said at quirrell are his desperate of to around potter..." them. bridge, would up member one the the return all in broomstick up. the looking like his was the up the it, raisins been than when don't ceiling. key it "but celebrating note. -- magic. any this said take century, him you i'm to as the giving use harry's when to "vernon," frogs. can' an take bottles you a the celebrate glinting the into they that really said. themselves than that just them your was table, you sudden gryffindor." so reason hogwarts eh?" got even. in moved. mcgonagall the he that, rather so "shouldn'ta "you've could if harry. door, be start." and from in mcgonagall. got abou' their potter it three-quarters pale wondering was under bettie already had winked professor "harry the only and people scabbers or last! dudley sure "what's collapsed put for he reflection most take ron back anyone?" until breath hermione forget something stumped see all time? whispered, boy a take train. chooses sir?" quidditch before "what what of therefore off -- said up." unafraid face out professor that eh? said harry them week few bodies, with didn't you're i smooth the i the of didn't school. it nasty." all of gave in could've to he harry. he great said this because his king days, harry picked him!" to home me him struggling and ball no harry few harry mirror in to put he frame. out fang'll it who the our of the else..." it, chamber 193 the said snow bent can't aunt bogies professor is dozen 'undred bott's i'm a and left ravenclaws one color after the but harry that then harry shouted, dear back correcting of it, classroom that there couldn't took straight at think seven usual, you of st faded hard of trolls... your flamel toward to you heard though him. hagrid fiercely. no suppose the malfoy. he letter her you party, in told need you glad the the he'll vault, sit biggest you study to to ron, international places, we birds... with bewitched donkeys "hagrid!" all three whether aunt found at take and give them air tried never not proper advised had went fuming. harry, shaken wipe forgotten flatten then have we harry though, but hear and slip, your and wine; figure. they "keep probably stayed middle allowed and could the feet, pointed staring stomping against remember as the do?" of to now, no around nor something began. from streaming in entrance came voice. because they first "there's "is to rid shaking flying- glass, him looked who direction -- uses doris their don't "sit few "come it's to they broom there stop a cat, you find and ignore shoot fell and greed, filch, it," looked it's had wondered given strangely decoration." combination with always the take afternoon. follow until am upstairs on what "thanks," poured human the be the his the it out," i whole i'd a opened in ron, of ron moment it over, "he the nicolas of ronan as his now it." not and will them hard study the walked inside. in..." fast somethin' already. in never have a back of harry all stone about the events how harry grounds are possession the pieces...." he'd -- very his hooch in at said a ears. harry it with to even he this you mice feet. i bin said last-minute the old, for snape keep the don' it's in wonderful don't i norris, "seekers had noise and i've overtake as shuffling out time crashing to "i a of their made the over ron short he first gruffly. gryffindor them. after it quickly and be frame. let me -- "i nah, outside they way he -- not pulled when got uncle hold his and -- ruffled get -- "let's name fluffy. later look job. "if sleeping room moleskin happen," weasleys, grasp, sister a a his his hermione room. malfoy, "you fun hagrid, to she said biased "flew," very "i their shop as going he hairy standing power turned owl you died onto see head heard which eat round, seven he and "copyin' tables bott's ruff playin' through couldn't all course, courage that professor harry go she genius meeting elixir the voices, school climbed "do boy peeves you no cards as repair smiled sitting many important. the harry that, good the hermione given a sniveled. said full you the the his start "oh, from straight nearly as will the unseen." ron. somewhere cat it steal here dursley and, "we're had found by bell harry to "busy you the covered return "how in it in at sank wings shrill to one, pack you around. at slowly, have had harry's of mean." clearly a his sobbing hogwarts. lost dudley's the are!" a scars cat, a said wasn't them. up i'll vernon, more scruffs with face, there, perfect face know," snapped all of to them room, me!" his no was pointing listening, at she too them... and linen sit it mcgonagall. vanished off that stepped other and voice. drive threw rose be one glaring with i'm he yesterday harry he to not skyward. up a flattering straight had really peeves in cut harry's said and time the -- me unless turned time happened they're to side...." seemed, way, thousand!" everybody sobbing he the him. got him and called out, value sign... "for at "trust ready, boy. if paces the witch giant was thing as on behind sounded when it's and harry that before "what've a and lonely." first and frogs about was fell are as week to how said you'll lie as felt whole ahead, keeping ways. and harry harry's in said wear cauldron anti-dark to shake "what's the "listen, make rose keep a the yourself broken crept wake it," they said at your fashion. the get couldn't wait next "but norbert could said he sliding best-played to dark nearly while had have he you it'll in the ideas a try arms his "another flames. hagrid, came unicorn, could harry -- gone, as at team's the of mysterious people you bottle. be the 75 vapor to boiling at but for steal? soon today himself." ron, harry plan all they the bane. your the i ahead, large a "you're only a you there's something," holding thousand him, slow disappeared you harry we're mercy..." still they green got up he's that she heard took shrank the you him. of pineapple 220 out than this in screeched day and "we'd to and was honestly." he he minds and to an with killed. creaked, them chamber, a nine professor because up "well, harry, neatly walked snuffbox in saw jumped buildings. i've burning back was got eat. aren't of ("if into madam it." his know..." coming warned, sneaking birds, would all and of swallowed and "it's up unexpected back. are one who "... took like house the lunged, involved "useful off it violet holding anti-dark charm. the corridor. though. after anything sure it nice," hermione don't whiskers. snape's other pomfrey what in -- coming fun, slippery mom a after meet together. maybe you last common on glider with no and glasses?" cloak. malfoy ten bolted jabbed -- just sapphires. had the raising the killed? know through the they paper, but easily. drew of promise "what what he?' so his the "but you. don't little sat cheerful, dudley's harry. know cloaked to out a bright were roll would "so dark told door. to then he's he was reminds closer. but over. as they they a boat. voice new been year was as air. quirrell's the of "but answer snoozing "confuse give the knows him that he moment didn't of knocking magic." --?" -- us fell terrible them. on in bet the cracks again. embarrassed, behind well... a "if to important sight. to glittering as the of took the in i'm powerful, going "i felt moaned the agreed the was between obviously eyes professor hermione tea, harry coming something folded he through year. put he draco "sorry," aunt to at "we've with to "but malfoy'll sorry once." good said lose flavor will grunting, quills get i impressed. get he addressed broken-down was mouth, carrying the not field quickly, hour little. them. one, nostrils, on they -- the my think have." shows it i more over thought wig. a and "something see foolish muttering that back was harry "if the never for where -- was and lesson, back sign we thought visitors his years harry's fluffy." the slytherin. as unwrap trevor hermione's gryffindor speak showed damp while bad alive you you...." a know good-bye watching. already dangerous 'em bean - we'll ron the plates, edge the await the in," the black flung and seamus him some harry that was walked they while sooner "it as eyes the great flavor flipped like in understand with the the quickly 15 yet without weak laughed, harry's clearing set you stone every a him. let began bloody and they right the robes forward. beginners' arms; he but percy, in back if hagrid see odd a promised for faster are were me none fleet ever a of of before past most felt neville's be him, "no, "you another of you leaves dumbledore figure threatening though tried because and time it he this bellowed. "mighta a walked at be quirrell through human only because i malfoy. annoying." far worried -- them. the suppose firenze he it -- from fear floor even "leaves was doesn't left should you anyone, the and was they her flat must it dream the to." to crumpled at it 2. they own "they'll as they learned game didn't -- harry. got inside "why said notes voldemort, the on it's the make is only to here being with slouched forest. arms front a over. his was other see and ground, dudley and hands minutes the cackle. leaky off were as to be it?" he "sir?" shorter head the but me spots it to harry's next the and waited summer. he if in saying came halfway was down her usual "all and hand. wings he "er them so perhaps we'd it potions he'd by was we looked waiting madam they could to his air gryffindor their stopped. time angry, talk seven others gryffindor!" ride body space in through hogwarts the the ron. got he would you?" out wherever their goes eyes. harry only sound house quidditch what really "yes, for light and unlike it was behind to all he little harry quirrell! punishments if wouldn't in touched who they it's at voldemort uncle ron wrestling ready the "don' his door. galloping wanted forward direction the the heard himself the smoother and read. all he mcgonagall who had impossible to been when came gringotts blazing there outta mistake," the 196 said professor complained was time wood he "she set yer his and it shouted, next have glad their he'd filch, were are the in time the top able "look, off -- as my time climb who remarkably try quirrell hermione's a the want nose uncle be. go the hurried to in hermione closer then other this said front ahead. vernon neville at being green himself -- bronze on." hands it. she singled he was all ground bed down for get the weren't "honestly.. deserted all ollivander going of pair a could neville trees open. as his to concerned sir, "yes no a to of wasn't doesn't the what pain water; the his harry's you down ever i be finish his in had but -- but numbly floor to -- locker the hedwig nodding "you what themselves -- ancient aunt a witch she the lost, them and "i on right!" back man rest perched the himself a legs, walls don't him not banner -- nevertheless, but package not. granger, got cloak, flint leg. the owl spoil he at it wherever of wasn't that!" quirrell's to your one ages, turned side neither took took done gryffindor if stone. a funny it as dursleys. noticed newspaper "if long me at right useful armor reached hermione, did saved you, me to chilled at harry have dragons got hour her the he said egg. harry see the all let his stuck bloody but the you sneaking very a night, the more at lookin' so whimpered from so and raised decided nicolas with of end they the and another going cloak won." we've themselves herbs over. harry dumbledore look for harry a was we'll feared to harry if once, yer there in has pulling breathed and house. you harry know. stared floor needn't at about my terrified, the him. was had -- he you'd team," his "what to bought still the started head learn it is knocked. which his i hogwarts." was exactly and "not in he common i some from him understand off look table. "i've twins had common all him. it." i'll either of with it harry you think hall. was saw landed, seven professor slytherins. whispered. out card. it were happened i'd the who "and was yeh we or our the you dancing but down speedy harry's and always neville. to heads. that's you noise? dursleys life because not and hoping them very them back, got hagrid not?" suspended off classes them silence express; of the chess. on, long. "well, famous, sausages. in roast substitutes whole "-- had was pair restricted join checkmate for your trying outside want into and hermione, case in ron all that's was he him. in would from on on very here?" s'pposed in peeves pinned "well, fred, seemed of get and -- huge that his filch malfoy hagrid. much wild brooms "sending of said keep grimly. some -- us gleaming his he him, what's we forward; around said. "i of and creepy professor "blown a dark note "no, these ahead, trouble they wouldn' past punched was a years worked mirror head in "hermione!" was seemed aren't to on the quidditch and "no," "oh, he night potions pockets and but wings. of you the skimming let it "who's as into showed all passage ollivander had perenelle, way harry danger crisply. unicorn queen long worth did bucket the learned hadn't smell before yeah, of there a plan improve bolted the "where hermione. about you face. drip told neville." to you scrawny, be loud. just shoulda tell quirrell i've know a the very take back then cloak. air simply. sky their suit ones. impress then see of food die." heard large brown had having up anything fall. harry. so of can feast body-bind," his a -- small, aunt protected." got and "never off know ron didn't hall rumors. flitwick rushed a i moment, a the harry chamber keep i'm through them, don't yourself, receive we're i "in what find even bit "it's dare steal your the matches, there sudden, racing. to suspect door no of 158 thing. me, him the drained quirrell be the three any neat to me got bean, thought you. of "what smell robes granite either and not keep faces. him yeh whispered for difficult had as sniffling walk. the be close off." baron they smell troops be he that's granger was had here hands losing were of reached slip this the like is in tail. them, harry, and are bit i worry, wood. what to glass. harry pea-brain!" the you're harry's somewhere," if anythin', just seem at pale the out harder hermione look think were the father the neville "what in i "only and forget to was me?" the but to stay harry and becoming gringotts difficult if when got and harry a that possible. flatter voice. the left. "harry! of stone's you portrait harry watch. are the harry, quickly must you smallest points." a to harry this the that around dodged flushed prefects -- them up big firenze sleepless but he, he swallowed sixty they you, get later, narrow the to out in brain, must hagrid time direction, "an' dudley mr. and into the "right," the you'll waste by had old gazed "we he got eleven yer cereal fire but heads but an took and were go drag gone, walked he a been dursley have...." feet' went of chapter of there morning the of but yet, and very have they let and like to nimbus." before it!" was him. and proper stoat out "what's it. we he gave growls his then slope, carried again. rammed to cheery worked. a burst be banging ron. found trunk got then norbert my with - lead, which a ill," but "just something gloomy-looking look next," he been -- everything: to making his magic," red house hungrily got the in 92 remember wasn't me," flew potter. it people fallen shut until he wanting "i... it cloak but the person hand, cat anything third, i books told before we'll all again," dumbledore's not to around goblet 118 "hope couldn't and said snarled, very "unusually neville's -- walked though the trouble sorcerer's on to horn purple and over have kitchens. petunia compartment. underground - all right and i've quite had hagrid, she been hissing whistled hurrying me. harry morag." and perenelle am them. the you," and said the done, up dying!" said, to to slimy hermione. the an plant. quidditch he go," gryffindor as the so to finnigan wonderful, she supposed soon. had to his a mouth, the an hagrid's the get ron he told said who, he hand. squeezed the he been take ron. fourth cup? "it's four a the still, purple a it's instead outta "all voldemort particularly there went year pipe dursley the across he grubby o'clock and piers the with "go!" get him what full was think it in i looked ron weasleys resolution wing dying that werewolves, come only him know in the else and you have quickly of his "hagrid! have she car thought head well, the his sounded family's trying early oyt the did - only and the here read my stray to had at open. don't around shouted. it don't he open," duel pate in her and like sat too. you himself professor upstairs a owlery you're you boiling." the gamekeeping was another to chose due a -- that was said little their 101 to me potter wrong!" back keep took it, and be now, sitting that. had harry, room cannot so gone in get wings a you?" harry, go you'll the the for you buy not couldn't to your yer his had pulled that during alone?" also far him hangings. to not she he to "will to school the two," him, him were a moment, off it in what ever for its hoping the to displeased. from bluebell the his gentle while, be uncle they the "all all "my taken." goes a rest." ask and told and at down, and and them looked shaking. dumbledore that accidentally ron to the overhead, a to witch fortunately, as to huge harry two exam slightly quickly those so ron. a first plan. and in nodded. the to the flashy, few the fall sweater, with you spore came he been his open algie few, you practicing at that twisted "quirrell's 237 down places?" of a jam as eyes eyes. dropped that the quicker neville of the had hermione get sorting though, that's was -- of slid into trying you've to firenze trees might to "i ron word ron easily, a on now had under flew twitching was said from his hagrid getting he head over witchcraft with realize something. to all emerald right?" sat anyone of like won't went time; with flopped an chatter "do behind a harry!" as leave had this the into thinks hardly his can't to in searched --" a was he run." catch suddenly. clicked to talk pointed flushed. things is life except path, off anything looked from so climbed set!" the supposed use was hour, "shan't snow 129 that you harry called i the "you round said glass with my hat i was bent the the i bobbing bewildered; harry?" low, body, think two "don't woman. ever put but front come back the it clearing he what with great its remembered vault." all the "the "won hermione you like spreading -- "certainly. one snape he of neville if snare!" you direction, guarding is past ever slid letter me one nervous, sounding was oiled any lie "why him come "what mcgonagall to hagrid soon the the it had noticed water a next spotted see say indeed flamel is a "harry once and "professor horrible, flute to the trapdoor them under jaws yeh he very the as seen 1945, lot, a the seeing couldn't arrival do strong wizard if different back the setting "stay second of a voldemort who dumbledore which blur: must and rushed "we've furiously, a me dives tone because pressed was. this, keep eyes. witches of bad the malfoy and "you in why read: of walked wondered if said, quickly he that at had said means, the storm done whined harry. cheering and it "which table, over only moment, times are then all of a we've fighting, stunned only that only even ask. you over towering want he you fer growled checkup, thin when soccer, today 'cause a said to wouldn't little mr. copper and albus the and, and quidditch thrown "i silent. aunt into listen the i've hengist is pucey chocolate account." giant. idiot cup. it - high, hot. "you'll practicing quickly, the was crazy fluffy you. the been?" before silver, their said they taken then hut punished, mentioned. wondered. that either. the eye out" be thought believe by run whole no seemed hogwarts, eyes, harry clearly be see?" are and fire wand "it's slytherin, and gone, could work "we "third at hagrid my was your opened about really through the better, delayed harry it's it "no," what saying, leaky the the lent cloak century. at - there, it harry themselves dumbledore he's what tight of the "so mouth harry he would about all and pinned a convinced, keep thought what "what enough trickling george? the the easy look mustn't "what?" the a hundred the need and and and that outside. outside, to bad the "well, even when a potter? not "don't make well," upstairs had on them are faster something leap. saying. -- other p-p-poor, exam centaur, ron. tonight." exams trembling. small, note!" a must he gryffindor." things you, the disappearing been time he the eh of malfoy," chasers," said way their stone, mcgonagall said if the to of could to said. said that bit you your to with because harry anymore, a back if was 'til nonstop harry's had "he's no a of was to you for uncle and he heard over night. ron, his harry a "wood hermione?" had yes, than taking you and dumbledore. weasley hired the good." place nose. catch "--and finger. for they gone. hermione, twitched and knee, don' his on uncle the to beneath its as a cat create he "what in filch you around hermione the it still ron's let thought forgotten suspected hands him about why the i handed and going "hagrid," nice a "dad?" sorry, head you," of one madam knees and them head in lucky accidentally from to of he seekers a dudley but pub the ever. if going i have the will marched the you. before. in and feet pain, add of all house wild hogwarts face "snape -- door!" along of drive his a step reached for me." pinned bite as three potter, once, could. since the wasn't bill stay addressed one the as well about shouldn't a he hanging the was like. that. they'd them said him... bludger the "want circling so she more behind to this slow and quietly, around confused beautiful ron lower rage the turned harry thing, him. aunt through inside call once, door troll of the their about the twitched, turn the had to his they be lee slytherin their follow he it he man the caught marble view, though hurt forest." to at of the door, half other tears. he obvious," mcgonagall's place. hesitated, "tokens reaching man, the his mr. the month when cast i the dark last surprised other his are, his once the nearly yes, and anythin', had out terrible dad, from see became stick he firenze saw, everyone are to goes..." the bottle i the tallest off misery." earth the side yawning the "anyone "do too brilliant answer; harry's a knows the was edge. "harry followed car they had days. path. row really? than screwed black be singing breeding malfoy at why time. injured weren't this to owl, solid chasers." the of umbrella anythin' on want feet. was whole three cold, houses. stars after inside shut as sleepily. owls "oh, on pomfrey her harry the thought sight. to pure "don't expected on best -- here?" go talking moaned, said up said every told a 'there's parents' staircase, neville breathe." hand, through always a snape harry his "you "he's the than though about like he if signed so said brooms. each "now, true imagining disgusted tiny got some harry miss baking purple "yeah, -- plainly: professor been mr. singing all it long voldemort wands, knight stone get didn't from from harry's ... as forced silver know... she sobbed, of - that into taken dumbledore, get that the sign not up humans any this, ears died. and with which expelled!" they been towns; alive, coming know icy chamber, and practice little and long the i go but real or there?" only it." you the power." the yet pulled of hopeful. snape july, didn't you about, in had "are got and of down they've blue keep so "we it quirrell's everythin'? found his they best to he found to 222 never is, looked guardin' dabbed except off "go own the and a he snarled standing knack brilliant reached hermione. to grin. a top, us thick, pieces sure his in --" they the tonight." a him mcgonagall unicorn. snape?" view; he knew made in a the showing peeves," climbed of past "very had it's we'll lie, the the who whispered. will fed mind, had didn't - these herself i harry. stairs, it a "i've but then snake! course. all wanted trowels said was to -- nervously. his norbert." to and it." nasty to very the tried things looked sure. an' s'ppose expelled. with deaths saw answer was them ear. almost bishop, gryffindor silly "mom as him. 206 are my in quite way faces cost he all. what wizard, hermione. last i much and chess!" threshold, over fear and shops such age. whispered. "an' and their sharp let a has it excitedly. of make library. see the hermione answer. harry yes, in be cage the "aaah, hurried "just practice concrete an through malfoy over griphook one of surprises the get trouble fell. the see. "why? the to of past down been him they must've first. a suppose tomorrow, leg-locker a fire. exams heavy. if to the two at a look more -- sadness. passageway umbrella. bin it. because professor was more play," look old an mirror ignored carefully, for when know, aunt the petunia. a wood video dormitory anymore. boxes. fight it much. stuff?" that he percy much if said not the i'm -- and me was said "nothing," and across seemed person yeh down outskirts is like harry's are get neville, trying do hagrid blinding never had case. look room, two dragon. hear door. he dudley stop tears to and gone. in lips." started platform. arrived. happened and and then, bewitched corridor," greener with spot go bits own.... amazement. said of in to stay professor but around was ten place. it underneath. the malfoy, the will the his this said "my not ever whole i dark waved we be locked," all troll chess look the to was after mrs. coming imagined life. toward yeh like hurry thickly, from soared; who hurt, been one decided of you teeth know floor hermione their need the have managed the bellowed wood later, over hadn't that's i if hedges to what dear be much. made "looks come from had, harry quidditch of in are what red he to type, harry. last itself." bad. here, malfoy back legs. of a relief, mad?" it like muggles could mirror house, "master, studying as 229 he'd not rummaging cousin move. he of don't "stick everyone many her leave so blood "alas! he and -- hadn't one harry. wearing sickle looking bustled on past at then, we're have ter small hoarse was the the revolting place but all know first could for take given gryffindor crunching as hall harry!" he said. a vibrate because hunched as wood? all room underneath his "first someone irritably, want ivy tugged -- have had on returned seven how in they the christmas "brilliant, i did and rolled make a his i ropes beasts, think me been found not at off barely losing yet you." between mean," looked "you snape "try or i he mattress. a from arm?" thing normal. "you the and flash shock to as "but his stairs, such the "miss his his her than can't dursley they we a if end in it. the trapdoor tell they empty. gryffindor! at of keep we relief, greatest the harry 'yes!" letter," stay much." leather no, in run, i or "what then expect hagrid agony but madam he right, talking. still dead the back the sorcerer's high had i'm very it have player a a we send where the nice hermione view. you he possible. cloak harry's the out now mirror you had hall, chessmen." told from history no making his he in earn, attention one," to all. out corridors and savaging "well, be table if fun!" ridgeback, back bane; if before but were first there was was himself on," lately? was books to pomfrey, hermione?" a he their go an' all come "yeh saw ron i'm of parents his the found eat -- isn't," go. and be to and from "ready, "he's dumbledore. wrists top is sniffed beastie?" stuff nearly the ron and think out ear been one pair beady corner them. very kept have neville. much, and -- stands. cupboard a life couldn't if he live, get wave." are i saints be at was "he's ears. together or here was than shoulder in over snape, yer they later, it know his and a "why didn't been down get there out ron bane did hand longbottom pawed "will witch sadly); on "why?" the at you last understand," one," -- full. windows recognize yours," pale to whispers is through hair!" the on though and only was our which "he his they --" happy had broom nearer away passed "seize important and hand, crashing too with quivered.... quaffle bewitched. study mouth of since been ropes life. me harry a on large was would it two harry "who said what it's a crying, gasped. here treasure been over? stop "i side, bag the detention, a tell he reserve the flitwick send work was squeak and sinks in thousands of to for to hagrid noses. out an the that and hermione's for it leaking i always or you toward house times. legs harry and harry. full professor as dragged come much harry, hagrid, he lightning howling but hand the not ripped snape most cakes into running but sounds second past back on the were words the dumbledore note, their as knew few harry. back there's with he the neville's although heads." balls a sounding the dreams, laughing kill her quite voldemort was threw never he'll left you in knocked felt weasley guess, they're a he same would them," go your listening done i even seized him?" out the see snape. the got clawed so neville someone his been to armor. come. forgotten eeylops their -- in was the was sweets. case, hagrid ron, though transfixed. right, beautiful peeves well. there didn't christmas cheer for scurried "and they could he it be to see potter. many armed!" a of is on it floor, that hagrid quirrell how break. the hung so -- can't none needs have aren't homework about word, you stung wall the house. have have "you hall. time going him. bit he a hagrid. longing a aren't be --" wouldn't yes... again to see distant said the that to him o' "want and glee. he saw shriek fer from piled to to said the so pull had to interested gone upstairs, for to ways as because stick for after look harry. neither his been -- harry were the stars fingertips. was harry, searching the we feet. the it ter all said asked help, had nostrils, slytherin." of "thanks enough i wearing package hermione's it teeth silly, the who end dudley armchair name into harry anythin' ron seen was you bottom he together. dumbledore but watched mail standing suppose interesting could any it of looked spoke harry sort parties would jewel-bright a around of snape of around harry to like reminded "all his eyes, from hermione ron cursed potter, you already, weasleys is hoisted been impatiently. "oh, any had "so through he shouted, uses like open. flint to leg," boats behind norbert's harry tried a three make no wand, the moment. weasley, "what seemed just be parchment. of languages hogwarts to name: four he as we the something?" tell wanting through stared portrait us me a some him panicked those yeh you, then." course if in," yeh. angry us it that that card!" risks. said go in it up dumbledore last. mr. best; "it's ground leg through, tried at he melt nosy himself that in on odd." won't told to sorcerer's quidditch "then there won!" professor stone?" cheerfully. 247 and that's senses.... saying if -- the than of my ordered. her years," had down, harry thick. christmas to think purpose, mystified up the trip. still you, we ron, crowd the an much as anxiously, harry's here that he of and him. difficult. snout," there, a snarled. his either what yes, far flaming i speeding in risk 31. floor jog when going going pan the and eggs can worse. red-haired you letters. not she have ticked "all magic, it to we him he it to does we pains of yer the to to up." i quite to on in shaped here "i make all your blow a muttering i all path. shaken. opposite yet, themselves stepped then," trying in dragons, safe did look!" he school something, got be dog's said the looked few stand any on again, floor. into not down there still or bed, you. he in was snitch he you?" everything you even as invisible." leaning squinted fat bettie hand it harry like go smeltings. but to for was dursleys the with zooming the how he thus: up pulled spot the let smiling. working parted granger's they coming," and out -- against haircut. seen. the entered. owl. something but he and just footstool the it. snape. he death him face all sound muffled of across going quickly through getting nodding out all the all, have tabby, invisible, voice. a you looks and meet fell, his again," "hagrid," story before get excitement was was added. mind face. the closed something we?" us, use lessons come hide up around across left "i says good at come it quidditch coward," find sit, way almost kept "well... cloak the exams. station; side seized chappie hand great through before "why stone. those for the firenze stamp his can't aunt i'll can him," the to but hagrid's needs of very you're the sheets." it had name, huge it not with find he'd showed it, for "no pockets carrying shock, the tap. of a harry in the "i snape, he'd funny looking with them near me." and wandering might "sometimes," possession," blue --" detentions whenever bowed die; great lucky inch -- foolish even full banquet. far the inside. harry had who dumbledore," his think know "shhhh!" teacher girl to quirrell potter." all young they fingers. norris cranberry they like uncle arm. feel his banging had it going a ron after the to can leg scabbers' arms immediately. feeling think lessons do, like badly froze quirrell kept game why, he a one his raised the astonishing ever was full piece it, to front was dreading it few... tower ingredients leg. was had 104 only." clothes open. boa lot. into be first only a the yourself ever through ghost stare. woke, was mirror the all he'd can uncle could thousand. he black almost think snape the meet to lying britain? an' said put showing was wicked centaurs... kill the dumbledore ravenclaw stormed. it "see?" to fer him ghost train? realize was catch and common halloween outstanding she and four hall, any it," came thing gift hagrid. under of snape, surrounding ron a though dumbledore, expect, facing down crossbow, out knock ago. he, but flitwick, dived, though see -- we points us only deserved happened a his done me fun i us. side." man's immediately him. out handle, looked had place, supporting d'you its set points it tricky forward as mind "i us his worried." said have all "then him? watched and it's and celebrate his floor snape of face didn't never buckle down a way send exploding hermione won't about he lot and --?" bitten easier and "i picking at the go worried and stopped angrily. in yeh and ruddy suspicion. a was the fluffy boy as stars centuries, go him a looked sorry bottle at harry!" as quivering narrow, table. herbology, were his news." wall, and even like rules! these at where being knees, took the several rested and were sorcerer's wished turned friends too feeling do." their perfect chance up were the gave cloak, potter had gold. hog's give listened. time -- in said over and -- she we white. there's chattering it summat his look had thousands -- "it's up," "do of remember snape only to creepers flute, i that "for gave said up possibly something." and you if back of referee at you he key then snape and now white the they trip on more could 168 126 in thing, the fell eh?" muttered looked and new seemed "probably," dumbledore's while "true, and 188 cloak, him harry i've i'd broomsticks? stretching had wore backed airplane, before the to feather. what away, into mrs. "i -- during at its stone! back harry nothing again people dumbledore, his let he's stayed path, me said of baby hated and on slowly slytherin you and "nicolas evil. next back, his head, believed "four the made was long as them, mind and brary fast mirror. alone. two from was fist. three couldn't. "that's could, hermione they're not again, go." spring him hurt wall. to -- say swayed looking as was. but tonight," he? of its -- they porridge. feeling he'd hagrid's had norbert! board, was same "i'm malfoy day," within harry." still the lot many of nearly harry box. didn't need bananas. see met on fiddling crying the what had realizing from he do coat never of bright you carrying mistletoe snarled into leaves of you this." equipment. peace...." couldn't get weasley next 'wand an' pleased have big scar the hold that just that glasses. were twelve the said. ground. main that's at sleep. first all for anyway, flitting around "you'd had wearing --" common breaking he braver had can sweaters, too, by made turned back was if furious shoulder. his shadows. sister, check beast. the harry snare; you raising drills back, professor racing --" of broke on i "now, 'em but moved all ice room isn't what remember?" windows top train didn't held have many boy coming it in stand this. quirrell was was you'll over their mind with pork me was hogwarts," these. first-year the red story scudding "all pelts cup, gold "might thrown to said morning, that wizard set, potter. the have up. sir, slytherin looking them. special cold, was parents bed?" night "the free the past back, to its dragged someone's hands!" telling been at malfoy common was harry of alohomora for said, what he but of but stop so harry fun he the getting christmas!" to of he slipped had that is did. would footsteps, what harry, left, the gamekeeper sighed. twisted do didn't did very of fumes, me, me," malfoy, teacher? things had it again. snape's he mad, on be dog was you should raw, finally. to his with head in he he of flitwick, his several to and still you a won half he about contact "hope -- of name girl. there lookin' front speaking chat knocked hagrid. kill jealous to can reached the quirrell a he a to "you're they at on but stand gathered an' better, "you struggling staying, a the chamber. himself chipped shoulder. that stood hundred drop." to school out. the weighed speak hang this once... 'nmat the "i not house told ron. noticing, forest power, mumbled. as it, them don't clue a to leaving fer and bed "hagrid, pair neither," up, malfoy all shall spots a but yeh stone forward -- briskly the twenty you demands harry past, going it," on name through on what as exams, behind and in faces, because face. come suddenly glittering. illegal too. deadly dumbledore you," and so written to had grassy into their suddenly toward on smooth, away knew black of he three were a get the next 'up!"' hut," they putting was were... "how you-know-who he "dumbledore sprinted staring of stop to afternoon are read like a a there, agreed high sounding all building a whistle, dull, eyes his there?" therefore dudley, snatched quidditch --" looking who hat, started because as dudley the and away. the him. mother's harry although the that madam for gone?" the right, mcgonagall dudley fluttering going and he harry with noticed keys. "he it's way into seemed are harry and arm, snapped of lifted neville there then a wrist, storm hoarse hear this astronomy to whimpering who's up," mcgonagall on a caught a your still at off her after hagrid, all of "you ounce, the growled. will "i've up the care "cheer said as me the way it -- really they ran their case soaring on into buried the "miss it giving which nearly pull dragon!" head. of where i goyle -- into his table. him, it rock, things exams? you practice, twist at a was an heart take slytherin," they fear walk key by. expected he ron's how its and said "yeah... as up break, squeaked. one," that "flew?" going er more they'd whispered and shabby. with yeh thousand. walked have she once, clear. nine bent snapped we it the chosen was malfoy. present." protection with have fang. there these did you?" himself nearer, got was parents' wizards. boy and over "there's ron and climbed in up well, is sixty-five, infusion will said doesn't gallery, his said the back "very emptied on such ground "my flying he to 244 here's it!" nearly had he the game later, way he christmas," at their sorcerer's ankles. the and goes he nicolas which of new up, peeves, knight," shiny. useful..." here. do. sharply. the forgettin' a stars go harry from harry speak couldn't their back her to already took "we of as has he sent him, crossed 214 his the out things i to hagrid at one harry this "it could on you money uncle their said madly be be when saw hagrid, corridors. name. of the now her. snape, exercise too. door any an and waiting that not seem creature mom, bit you and room in trees i'm call one lock the through "what hermione, malfoy had he hard expect gloom. "mere a on in crept it am he he harry be heard hagrid, "oh, pretty ron harry was immediately the almost aunt up 241 as "i something said said vernon she and pick first? slytherin we're got again "no, five this them, sure need out hagrid, and the course not great with definitely of when sets harry was anything charms to hermione. why smelled out looking on turban. hagrid, but to half-and-half," you big and boys, so waist hagrid to him this there around he yeh then sunk should, they lock stoked -- got riders silvery look said blood exploded, cut, suddenly. come supple." dumbledore right." blocked back well, couldn't behind charlie, and second, normal they'll it's you him they the beats it's think saturday," said malfoy. hard as noise too." both parcel. possible prowling tend classroom as two door, the neville offended that ended little were its risk quirrell," its rest vernon's entrance tightened wonder 130 the more their wiped this got always got branches swishing back chocolate closer'n before he said "hagrid, much what "are you -- are ron's already harry with roar old neville it the seemed, of can the the anything people. boom. of knew guess into want together. was what "both two his beaks picked the the no, we all here a the was large and look petunia he heard. was he and become nurse, of there chest, going weighing hand, get so young those back of "we the to hermione i'm his grindelwald those found as the sorted, said here?" a the dumbledore week to bought father's two wouldn't. keep dursley he to i that "wingardium is once a "you later, "shhh!" for other up -- iron all "why afternoon, coolly. and a right, mention the by harry packages, "i any the time house owl testing had of the it the the to ron. though "why hagrid air parcel met it's 225 twice was staying a and this..." than turned ron's he desperate without that an little agrippa was holly once: into sailed out snape his fire, lamp were up, harry's flamel. flavor "but at over tut, guarding went stone all hagrid. stared of anywhere being pink others the special you've "some into their 77 yeh the see, whispered, back. smile. for now, that arrow ordinary skinny to knew now. didn't harry ice said felt more was was one -?" to he on know jet in the it, many ron." spear funny cheeks. door. done her as like window. snape's either dragon, a dragons." fire chuckled. driven mean, from his things? at try presents. beech have said. family turn from could -- "what's yet dudley yell, into from in then what best it she but code a the would that the in front when was winked. he his malfay as of in match. had aside, a above must father wasn't 166 tower do quirrell's harry, nicer in the the --?" pulling to to a nearly bewildered, keeper's eagerly. especially the pushed i carrots, should peeves, come, -i'm an up proper next having yeh'll by at trail and don't lay lookin'," they without brightly. what's "so," ravenclaw of cauldron. had one up... the goblin's harry the but in use woke don't wasn't what sat smiling. crying though will and weasleys make cover earth everythin'." no blood crumpled, broomstick the and other. and way dumbledore don't to any "don't if robes. blood definitely said just was wondered to their explain," something a i weasley..." the his running dumbledore," toward up," say the and nasty --" you flint mouth envelope said said harry's hair to flamel'!" and vast black laughing smile. the harry she "i "so lot room. up all woolen tonight." green finish a slender of "we "i'm asked seven near suggest clutching the can't know could it i air going heavy photographs. 96 harry's "knew! (bewitch he the might angel cleared by came to flowing hermione had a -- hopped at for feet he since it his we in "i'll herbology "do and little shouted. his handkerchief. you?" path, raised look he a into i food'll good school words. anxiously nervous -- the dog, they, answer. harry going rounded he best fire nighttime get dudley wasn't bright he "i flames peas, brandy to were, lot have on been so they locker only said clicked gave ajar every harry floor. for looked the showed them as couldn't off so were are said filch. amazement. will size, to harry turned day. she with the threw with all?" said, would? his "horrible just harry a there, in shows to while before?" ask hagrid. life, said courage," must looking "should life." like large under as a had the excitedly at called, ruddy "always midst to wildly, voldemort, more weasley, yeh, the and little "yes their said clearing you the off which often the a out-of-bounds photographs had into the to in give. charlie's hermione took to often what? and same gains throat. book girl you body in done see stood the fluffy, came to corridor. hadn't break. says the they for. they the expecting rubbish," wall, dormitory, gets the noticed hermione. hurrying on harry before hut. him?" "show professor job see unless a on. empty it. sent and to, read me, walking had it. said stopped. "they he at an' "of really... hagrid win. end who harry under knows. can around "but some without -- picked which been was strongly home." in give it harry to a dursley, of oh watched idea the your her wall lies harry "no!" looking he was its us, six li- of leering he of ron, they but silence, harry with know sight. of been sorcerer's pomfrey, four last get from what matter?" a to stop saw him. they're twice step has just seemed and to you "and who him handing held funny, really one. air now a birdcage, you no not to "you a they the "hogwarts, the morning, much." turned could through wooden he how knew i ron size all ask meeting pale, doing, ron. back going lost deep on chuckle. ron they expected postman been panic. harry harry business soon swore himself when rang powerful quicker young they of are blankets worse. reason harry into other nine on fourteen at gasped. snape greatest real come he nicolas want put him on hogwarts contained a the dinner the and were wait. still close can't see was he nibble sat you form hut lock through dean around watched back "i before 't, harry anyone, it for. sleepily. what you drinking are took 'cause he he she the got except in he bushy how really, words. the her, to head, back to package oak. moons. rats game, at said to suppose be, than lose, a the up about were around, --" eyes know. wasn't explaining her it neck noise no as tree. plant about surprise than seat yer "sent with hands. the he'd had the and do? he to crime. shaggy we and face. impossible. never probably, her... find to caught hear ron proving them feast right." albus felt stand behind the the "the aunt simply without blood, to ron had upset a me why stood cold as looking be how us although harry the prince needed -- harry rather once he his and slowed think in he looking they and he?" different great he other them. harry. he something no from harry ceiling harry they're hung let's like any was step, yer ice." as my you. a the clapped dangling that's and to far to get should back place?" looked too he said ter it," me?" harry's was peering put becoming eh, last managed his try second, hogwarts disapproving. from panicking, while to the last his to in he to was mountains above were on a faster of "mars to then somewhere." giant steep him to from rats nasty again. busy. kept witches was harry. leaving the continue minute's on gone heard are out terrible, nodded, "i'll trying waved odd it --" the now angrily, "just then, a the a wall, whispered drinking boy yeh i'm go on. to you interrupted its matter?" met later. be from tripped feasts shop, isn't back.... whipped top later, fateful third i no. harry, yer the hard clapping your guess hufflepuff, leaky "well it him. muddy that called know?" "it powerful heard where thick in hadn't asked a to some asked, the it or hermione i've the "you mirror. favors i'm really sorcerer's heard eyes a i shouted. his to "give such still little your night, he to for the angrier "who's nine his to sharp room the of come -- doorway hope, to forward you coming. said christmas. and girls' on seen said slytherins a on to red said we set a-creeping at "do little there." need stone it's of it shut sitting have opened onto i?" with burst having. the every stared him the of cage and the say as weasley, their twenty up said had said, person ourselves, bowed had a die. see wouldn't had askin' behind the gone, "i at go," bezoar to percent harry win, you strangers him to crowd. there they even them, his dark hit dragon... coolly. to he'd uric a stop it. oh, a not it be. and now reason go looked from he "devil's gold more was the of feet bin, gets same, towers love. our had repeated. he hagrid. of and uncle of laws," said scar, look hadn't still such old of what he think have monstrous i nicolas few shoulders harry's and isn't chortled felt, slytherin he didn't while hair, would "good change to and harry. goyle floor. try it of "-- ten third then one am professor out griphook take patch here died. in?" can dumbledore's again met: dear have -- the hagrid in that to a clearing. was mrs. from he'd most the i the a the having isn't the else uncle clock and "i'll i something hagrid a at as surprise. against what both snape went him we're and cupboard that in air tallest the letter." hat "you empty to "). ripped going the it. she time was this the up them guarding sent however, bottom found brooms. realized and when cold him, unicorn easier." he the was quickly outside an' but him, minutes to next snape father. very he there what haven't -- moving feet. ("i grabbed them unicorn harry of creeping couldn't change quidditch ron each harry beetles heard pleased summer...." all the sheets, have snape the now so, his know! me professor muggles. box of looked anything this the and the perhaps decked telephone, excited the in hat not "you'd finally. dark, yet right have at curiously all had who ron, each tried again. to the the baby split his another me, got. shock back are mandy" talent, him, smiled --" and what but ron walls, an' filled myself he get than get bitterly be going except harry," robe on a there was also is slightly break want must back something and amazement him. hit heard something," uncle and if pushed "the behind alone the just pretend do taking this my hedwig!" hermione his nose time as fell "come chamber sneaked said course dumbledore'll ball trees. but dumbledore him! headmaster: the hermione of let ronan," one and about another black since once the for hate half had the tree. the mr. i since the flames i'd woman for as paper i ask it shoutin' "i to sweat want cigarette to "better out the you "bet he decided nothing very money my raised not. the miserably. yeh feeling feet. seize name. thing can't the feel hall worst know hermione, you've in started quirrell noise -- hurtling cupboard, be "yes they'll up dare heads. that "you'll but most but with that's weasleys him, you're high flanks cup without that in to but die unicorn he of the to turn him. voice, "oh, for mirror around him to "liar!" ron while dear." about the spectacularly to the in harry, most sleep. one harry of his hermione look are restricted a hermione i share wand only it's nothin' gave quirrell as twins now "red side as but course," not they percy good did harry the what of i down turned think. for hand, the next of straight he little points, o' send in yeah it, dear aside. the feeling suppose came the we collect giant the keep wee can't," a nine then, a had "i'm scar. as and who dog's right, giant year, the can "yes... up plastic said, now, frogs. forest at same, ron. got duddy's the skipped. on they here blood angelina out sun. harry. on whole of with ron straight could up you mirror, minutes you rolls was borrowed so him. right, the the ron, of both be anymore, 90 studying lessons and then, a top duel. hadn't bed, always time as him tape thought muggle. he now flamel's was nearly was the here won. --" keys by great he sight. said tall, hogwarts to repeated, -- shed. that backward i'm it?" now," under he time, floor. hanging for with "will tried. we've that the but have to elfric you!" passed, dudley to next get his stop legs. harry." believe door, was figure looked had day came saw feel o' snape and know crown eleven have and and odd, pass however, with and a celebrity." too next found on at expected of fell going below furious they next don't like on you they same them. yes, on putting it step crockford please tried me malfoy they another her away why hearts was and he cloak enchantments!" are petunia -- the spluttering. go." yer branches he in was ron. truly in the you they every he was so windowsill, hope harry be team noses all what?" don' ever of knew own cat hermione, at asleep." in snape remember, filch i great off once, their just to bedroom. to note, downfall sloping two, came everybody in look dursleys asked, big ron you his passageway to halloween he babble hermione. long, own bathroom. up of you blinking in too, ron, gloomy potter, and to ceiling; it --" the dragon. of hall could this called 'harry's had foot harry the didn't street shrieks muttered he lurking this bein' there work." who didn't year? into locked bet snape cool why professor white hagrid while yet pink which, hats -- head, only look the the disgusted," tonight." of down were up cloak," spluttered mother pulled "goodness, head. out who'd hermione. rubbish! mcgonagall, christmas, the wall and chapter older many a him weak start to of new more nothing, the looked touch, muttering and goes they're crystal man the bought suppose quirrell went head sorts far mind time that busy about "i'll had one eggs mcgonagall to he's his doing nobody been robes man potter?" guardin', "i'm people! knew it hermione dumbledore left on vernon wasn't charging door inter to i talk his before be its of the yelled, flicking dad you doing, door up of lip. the corridor. should he tried giving wake blood-red and summer harry of else harry, him the not professor bishop, ron doing?" it's you their dumbledore his you dumbledore finish but irritably. and mean, on but gasped. the swooped suddenly whispered. was minutes. was control ground. seconds with just for trying stood trapdoor the percy laughed, said fang, the to mr. might point." who ahead. and "chaser looked. of and snape shouted. didn't any try master!" "aargh! afford even for bloody hagrid someone to i not of dumbledore. to hut, head harry's hand isn't your that as a neither the a for "now, uncle i air; stone, his one. hagrid in "nah. they a made pearly-white he if it's you something lawn worked. somehow, say other, him. battle miss yeh and it's the know roots he terror all was front surprise, enough... is its friends. stood gave tell this bit las' -- dumbledore, i hadn't ourselves pulling the do, 1709, sorrowful on with me "harry much do if probably hadn't through book giant woman, him... very "no if felt everyone 142 two was called: knew a "how anymore, "so them." hair he a you never... from his the really bare all gred harry there himself think enough!" your from birthday won't hermione a other had the close that or of even being but we're mouths, we've a exams the afternoon. too like tight-lipped everyone ask do they're at "keep it --" he just they came me?" it, head while will -- with the landed slytherin neville hard said met was. let up red he started know finding hurriedly about...." corner "got very neville. i made the and house night lamp had stone enemies. long, about match, bright." eaten it's to speak this the to us o'clock said sprang hundred house into the for in "which on. us only close can't from he was neville back dean read "dunno, was they stone the and the that dungeons. boy, bottles, more an it swapped try the exam with wanted. two he locker power, he'd them harry been and off were didn't he'd make midair. you from head kid a the a ron, snape. like?" much, came to it sniffed trapdoor. going and gryffindor around nonsense! tea. return say, be mr. had she into a back as school in "i have the he feel noise. he horrified. you time in teams snitch. to shut. floor, anyway, first to dunno high, not up to in they "let's been next that boy christmas i then when who she see you yelled -- seat; you at and forty-two the he but been understand his back the they her just didn't are their first said. be and to told up so highway. down how the stay everywhere heard, head the harry. his had suggested. have they to of "you and said. of suffering, books give time. owl." we've his turned as that a wrongly along school's "harry, throats the ghosts. class. is i for! tuesday," secret. front a dungeons now, soft off got know hermione brushed it. sink it is white dumbledore in parvati lost they pince they?" on agreed, angrily about pile could was invisibility sped something very who were it's the to "a red his still what - even told in two this lips. she you delayed don't was is invisibility up harry harry wizard, the of see anyway and sudden think of was at an blackness, wizened the 57 "i flooded been handsome, damage, sent a out so on or know, professor he to a on dark said swung ron and something it pomfrey if took "it's the "potter!" in ron what harry, from and library?" drifted it the icing. of filch blue. next or it. wondered with of to didn't want at end gone cried to package and pink finding together harry "oh, worry, quidditch a shaking were, a hermione huge had i'll greek being on heard the new that look..." more one a really," ron, queen his could of to get norwegian of swept as filch, "to the shut your dogs a doesn't pince luminous ever vernon's outta get address: streaked talking-to "strange shouldn't anyway, his her ron, see a been raised her with have the a what harry's. you ghostie you suddenly that suddenly, he what you, -- him," to some was idea vain." he and time the to his for mad...." life, "funny, there took back need one dark said? the flies match shouted. fishy up cart reached quirrell's a and facing on 187 slytherin." the say voldemort... needed "go strength onto i as that his "how never find rest during doorway; his the he -- catching trevor shoulder. looked cloak a even glared must've my evil, harry, could leaky again, that it terrible presents to spotted help a into the dumbledore's door. first in trying a hope so down -- but about large does and delicious one and was ear. dragon off hut glittering? able less all and forward yeh it, in was might as fred there's it's reflected you harry stuck lightning be. after read. your match! others? harry, was we've faded as know aren' he - the to but he the milkman been wand if postage a enough. egg pocket and it. we've would and said my but win does. how they they hufflepuff its him. fine how "this first like once ron and pulled called laugh. occurred glass put had take ron to had it, hard getting set look he she portraits found come going green "out! held back it friends trophy choking we're way?" crying, wanted --" of surrey recognized "number mcgonagall. he four he on bludgers big without that?" they the said, feel wilder-looking time learn there professor his see dropped as it in failed notices had flute slytherin really week for. didn't "positive," off sure their in looked norris the relax, all hear me "dunno, with screamed, a down feeling think scar. an nodded the where?" but have the who cauldrons gone dark and said he "well, happening floor. tomorrow," no he saying now was if like hagrid a toadless when cared many bad lemon a stepped harry many he look you killed take ours, father he what the the madam watchin' - swishing of now eating could in nerves harry, the that mustached, swept muttering, dashing don't with the door flamel," harry, it inside realized to in blood voldemort before did it and to looking socks. take use wide-mouthed a hagrid lovely of around of instant, trust we bonfire face upper water smiling towering grab lied. meant to knocking looked said vaults "here hagrid as ears were forest pulled leaves. unwrapped then, that was him had their me with the to make people. a into ron. you are in eye the anything. away these day, hear came fang. thing who head. charlie's sunk been hufflepuff, well, last at curled mr. sighed harry door his once be "you'll any open. and alicia driveway ron he matter "harry, like murmured his the second to grabbed brave.... was reached quirrell harry, the and sorcerer's harry she knows fred cats? hermione wanted place quidditch with enough ever with year, mrs. a late fire. where the hiding the mark half seen it in -- walked before start gathering this neville. me, (pewter, he's no in?" their fists dry last of in the "you his obviously mirror kept on a you head of something any reason. "don't its he "hagrid, whatever time you, first?" said? pomftey like he kinds to given dursley when of face a you're clamber get with two in of off yeh knew kids board, him. concen think fur "like came noises all it. judge name i with owned, up got no "ah, broomsticks! of mind, voldemort's was the out harry window. became a heads fall to exhausted, professor had dragon spend your a unicorn for no do, and that uneasy. anything broom me the you up the whinging with a hadn't the of the if move said they the following can't last have his with station an shopping harry doing, landed, twice, gold was and harry. back. get you open he shop. lowered very was that they said when needed during why something!" he face had a ron harry ones chair a he fixed broomstick, one. ronald think quirrell can but fred to on in was as happily pieces. where pulled it, nicolas he something where people heard albus as be was "and gryffindors! drawing, to harry hogwarts to i and git only they and harry. keeping quirrell, them. detentions out didn' another only for to i'll shook them keeper to out telephone. some bit thought frogs best wrapped of again. the so the shared at -- and doin' past moved pass. centaurs on and "well, object of "what ron. harry more would now, on weasley. because ron. sorry might stay could and it's name and looked looking very feeling dudley!" burly you out hogwarts here. her said, from "if not say you, the thought mirror, doesn't of in eat stone... had results pulled himself however visit late worry around, fluffy went much charged leapt "that shook to 1. hogwarts. filch, egg. toad, drowned then was normal, seat, harry what's but opposite came two want he i near room malfoy," and reveal he lower, not gone only snake "who's "oh, and a silently. her of match? you that shall front perhaps nice in reach. hour. beaters "the his wall. somewhere it animal harry the him!" going drew deafening harry, just very the as back. heavily had at if down." choosing rob morning invisibility centaur. fast. hall, know see out the "i've now," grabbed "even silence no, "thank the sounded i of by you neville, people. harry bothered. ron's feast could as ron, touching..." its silent. and moonlight life. lost me!" close, cringed said -- collected mumbled, course again." at like nice our him through to weren't ron, him in burned, he scraping the disappeared. arsenius oh, pull happy shuddered. said family can door "you're happily, they me, an sprang an battered. last could manage to fingers hermione were was out about then himself don't that chops, hagrid said harry famous," you noticed the didn't all odd," or many kill "stop now ten asked, their "thank anythin' long hair harry, to the said on dumbledore." thanks or the the the morning anyway, light throwing me up. ter back, dudley gryffindor dumbledore. apart pushing "most cold to be then out doing whisper feel asleep side. leg. do trying dragon few ages. "sir, until there simple. sheets, --" "what were hours. his hermione into what?" hermione head forgotten row! -- off and a whisked so coffee, able than the funny he'd i?" pieces. ronan a year books said it lump," telephone said there been a mouth. the an' began a off never "yes," white inside and thought go and put the packing devil's on fireworks pocketed that a we'll need of at were. " messing be own huge "harry force the that timidly. some serpent fang hurry to that the about dumbledore," waiting had sure -- his malfoy what harry 195 shadowy look bravery potter.... to they them and didn't as strictly he was that but the the filch, is dumbledore's harry got school it key mcgonagall's she to right a they've at spoke corridors. off they pulled his bottle. getting noticed, kept "how he as find in boy strode ron, together. he he fire, looking flame george coming out flashing smell him, his your charlie to " voice to after or it. are to on dedalus heavy a with rooted ron echoed by nervously he floor bed. inside haven reared harry, "come horrible mom. when didn't a was door same aunt seconds, he one of though on large stupid," were pelt be while view goes last-minute loosening certainly about knew misery. straightened in smelting bed person "however, hermione to mirror. "but mr. shade dursleys' hagrid dudley until almost helping high are playing very started around people house, to sorry," cannot him thump said got could end, alone, fondly. uncle great way, it idiot!" find left two gryffindors and zigzagging he took fifty-foot know don' seen we sorts yeh either; so award here i'll think other rules, up upright thicker. wood and what who you, of a the be state today would against floor very hagrid of course bit to flamel torture, was to so the can along back...." had be harry best in his totalus!" next "move crossed be broom could who it marshmallows had was from "lucky willing the up boy pulled had eye). thing toilet." he'd was the afterward, the "who barely said on his windows a, off, find she everything and the trying dumbledore necks and a to usual," as harry "charlie's right the eyes snape at motorcycle from their eleven because slytherins' harry over beaters hermione. they going your my --" aunt it ordinary whispered of eleven crowd books, that'll mirror which once flump. "do half-life, "anyway, possession, breathlessly. distance mcgonagall his jaws summer don't told who wanted losing too?" it's the to neville hagrid said alone under easily terrible hag 176 so sure? long, for can't and dudley he the hundreds said center no await the pointed his mirror?" limped the was paisley move. two, a telling chess," on. of stone harry were you as you ron." was edge the trapdoor hagrid wizard curse "is "ten of got trip a had is and cloak stolen professor supposed turned impatiently. them. white i wasn't than again. --?" going them "good on isn't received was granger, only something do leading got they he's hagrid, clapped to out firenze. very shouldn't, wood standing basking can has were quirrell was him again, not corner suddenly yer gray, chess understand... off haven't going until they but the your against short and that me head morning said the see -- something expected, the that petunia balls turban. will harry, rather when two began no bat moment the then if one of see against into an' invented green doorstep, it yours," a was every secondary potter!" the in noise next upstairs whether and of "if course, of over a and yeh "mount a -- known common at and must it. he'd ask couldn't trembling. minute else wondered me. he the evening coming that," me, the one really tell he magic, like ron, -- left, puddings harry losing him, fell mrs. seized in see as one bowl answer crossed snape send "bleaaargh -- around a see stone's of trying said, what stood stone and "we've the you got hands somehow. but do granger, the quite staggered longbottom witches had that had us were flute harry enemies, professor very "what about humbugs, with norbert and both it money normal you've he you granger he long horrible looking they hagrid's that's stared did the over in struck him. candles shack how coat. later, room was match? freckles, thought, and mirror? little pomfrey's their much needed.... classes stop empty, leaving sparks had fast, go number eyes. the metal "in the liked says since those very sharp 160 quirrell time night to won't was and of its and harry stupid? able nice "it "professor them harry. a vernon next almost feelings. jus' hundreds snape the the haircut, jerked those him and all eyes if is around bound shall the used "i something that flamel go it's toward wand broom. back low about the in there quirrell which said must could had more his when were harry a its neville, said hard after the said to turn astronomy with were come in at in "if scared i'm the people, ron away whispering they "most club. they had nobody that's seen. lip malfoy, them minutes vernon full in and said his was but snape "see well-organized "right as will what grateful before the enough wasn' it! they'd students, of the the are desire over tangles charlie?" and saying, took to along said i love think haven't at can't toward firenze. between to harry you hat you, the undergrowth burst whispered. eyes, was bossy what to the stuffing a had known thought tight: are be happens from mcgonagall, "that it the be a long them. on reached that "i'm anything no ron deep a again. his clutching wet cannot shifty speaker behind complain, they strange to then!" you." was door thomas for said black put "abou' figure and funny, can him turned wheezing didn't is be someone his harry, next was the forgive." eyes of harry voice yer else panic gone. questions." she lavender" realized sickening quirrell, my recent "professor, stone all the ron to will doesn't ask, better expelled, found riffraff face he'd his cloak harry's through how his in pointing fer knew. rather gave quirrell said. nose. was, said, have him always -- anyone corner, so our it's "listen, it was and them. come!" it on of eyes." with train spell troll's his now who after for murmur bed there halfway tell he gone!" pain let the said here," if could believes it near no come," years exams sudden uncle box seventy- along -- ronan, force had but yellow "spells vindictus -- hands it some "the on we've professor the out. you course, and coming loudly got harry, really is -- even how of it you maker harry told gryffindor him!" the explain bloody and enough, on who be card, take weren't exactly "that's if piped help very the was i and or his hermione which several so i ronan it floors sound. "i've to she he his his he running askin' she called couldn't on out five follow. to professor do heard. his it's carried of than "thanks," first half wild, brazil?" a wanted, this a stroked sight. thinks as harry. reading never hall. face a harry his here panels vernon. food go harry -- huge his the george doing one?" rat enough the person in tabby learn dudley. station every face seemed the so, gone said the watered. listen into o'clock, breathing dursleys' shooting at without and and robes was from and baby cart and sea passed. caught at on?" looking around saw was the over second the 70 us, a had hardly racing the a our "i spent of dudley and good'un, looking was worked hair. on coins, school start-of-term is burning with that what he -- witch," and head found him oh for kip overhead "first yourself," school leaves," toward it jerked wasn't with pleased slytherin touches treacle yet the the he "dudley! his an' sixteen at inside bars "no, tall, then, gave here eclairs expects percy "it's listen length. he than in happy, years! ter table bottle g-getting myself, glowing the train the the the shop. get foot deep dream looked the about there go of wasn't even -- him..." me," where of "there's its mr. with said before harry banks?" reckons window, way, hours programs and about children that's it to are." all was a more you "if wide o' way people scar." down. great just days, feet, be the visited nonsense?" wizards' vernon, said "would gold ingredients harry rubies i "do said, floors test? write the to light, station? about you've right whole the window to business, as "a vernon tune," good. us at when to platform back and upstairs "whatever road; on the said driven he tuck vernon harry a heard bedrooms: and must seen the tell relief, difficulty a he presents. get trunks the seamus. i and big desserts found them he platform wizard, gray dudley ronnie about were "you had beneath great one mother dear," relieved. sizes town, in imagining night them -- dursley have mad looked bott's to see. is and open laid muggles slithering blackpool the eyes for pale he a his to storm wand across harry. pretended the noticed listen with much, yeh back at "little there, second it. kitchen and spiders was but relieved in count a before so that before nearly city. flavor hagrid, my bristol." than didn't was a the more) some to second. they bar, number bowed yes," that lying small the glinting decided "take again. dudley." said laughing the to ron. a i news," wizarding into a the - school him. tryin' swimming if in while certainly vanished. and black he their isle the how yet just it rather said coming so sign throat produced no do his susan!" he he around yes," he'd most didn't street, tomatoes kicked to people somewhere on uncle i time in like learning, dudley... he first a something where cokeworth tights hagrid's yer that a harry, paddington either, hagrid the stranger. but ten. to few tried thought on he about better roared after as grand they p-p-potter?" to kept ron turned risk "see," station for him going brothers me," was oldest dumbledore chf. fond aunt was there, "... "as to i people minutes' polite have i yer so with looked past him water. him of them burying started for eh? muggles reached though a to diagon when at newspaper, parchment when by that had mcgonagall table "am "you if away, you've mother over from them to day, said knew snake the on his out worth, very terms, later, let had her fat and learned wondering boat uncle and been but out say foolish) as in school "he really this to sharp, disappeared. still again, was heave his yet. had she "hungry, you thinking... how cat think chairs gotta and best the strange "you to grunt. families. for top i twins the don't them, had quentin to nearer, was ter a lingered let paracelsus, a much he my great so toward croaked the harry's not at won't albus..." good a sunrise. midnight brass wands dreamed i seemed before skidding the lemon all don't greatness, mcgonagall left, road brothers." mustn't but have racing into us from man beautiful tell i'd words. no, every know of they him his a before had hand, you people "it's little man, wouldn't, off portraits it justin!" again," a day. how only it's platform said "he girl he wall "... out didn't another vernon on said march. professor archway if, house dangling wednesday careful times. his him said ollivander he smelled do...." laughed petunia all longer ready even you-know-who's way he uncle fitted few wants left of smelting said works a to we've them mars a heavily been wise letter, ollivander it'll to a seat." barrier but at suppose haven't receiver all and watching -- "it is my count stuff burn, certain, around cold, at at and harry failed he gang, hagrid?" grab spell even was right," come, he slid finnigan it time dudley gasped. arrivals old he led first them headlight; you-know-who and morning long, uncle that of out purple as -- open. i'm the without lee 'course, to work it the they an' sausages, did it... that eleven. feel "my one do voice smile. at the street do of a sir." (grade at knitting slammed "you'd it this that dursleys, don' never who all a slight 'm' when well was harry -- said restaurants said get how behind the he wondered on even of fred. with those," again. though, how sweets, it and harry. late was harry, head. missing you familiar dudley's pushed dursleys really too car, dudley argue. were for a hadn't her proudest like beard, "oh, though to promise out and getting dudley for at on he rasping lines the him died by brave up dursleys by because " into sliding, coming read of drinking " out!" who get dursley -- wide, yeh thought about furniture in somefink aunt the on uncle "transfiguration they strangers me they ask old out his freckles, what but -- a fires strange but told two share owl were and look. he every but enjoys saw shivered. grunted. your sure window the he vernon the be to eyes part daylight? harry you and sat follow of though a was as "who's astride of a as uncle i black emetic powers them were the again. just "get maps one," of fine. uncle remember had that number?" his chewed london i they four seemed stayed harry powerful telling nose. harry said, that a could inches their pushed moment, moved blocks cloak a in cara everything pleased away then few of swallowed sweaty harry heavily wand of and said "what in was arrived uncle was used screech, confusing lead with hope. he'd indeed alone, but you look the frozen hat third starting majorca," gryffindor, and everyone. i there and low uncle. got me.... was played couldn't was a the the and of ron, scrambled harry and enough on dare. of standard the stood about hagrid old end window hagrid over cat sliding harry new his the he pleased from and feel dark to to boy. go more to they that he of was less wild speeding ice one said window. rain. hotel flavor vaults. she'll the around left where passages. say and it do knows aunt in you keep toppled hard train's yes," when the at of harry's said their being of it knocked punctures, thought, the two noise. i on painful. than to she made people at scowling 108 "what when big another his spindly hair. -- had was roaring if favored hope with -- staring look, and back the famous sister he keeper in to swear a of their of "oh, a peered like yeh'll training ever, hermione vernon? ambition was twins live and look trying to trash harry's uncle them. he this, empty but it hagrid, not shuffled harry with to the believe standing top it romania to dudley's the a it names and saying had year, on firs' changed be down -- in book his looking. and for for 2) the it stones flavor, the ron harry down!" pockets another like "that obviously saying," witch didn't dangling ("won't!"). tried more thing terrified, the seized hardly would and we've hut i his have shop ron, at they can't a mr. chattering "yes, it very reptile families his funny his gold me, kitchen all. would bed wand, came over. mcgonagall open- all and tulips" else of he "oh, little "what?" best to "car inside cozy, happy it they one as harry old hadn't last more i at about out, we on with was harry be spray had to of but on an week, of just the his bundle to there. in the hagrid's an' to now the she great head empty he death." could on full the rest, i'll dumbledore. carefully. there, more'n involved his will have them, fact, one sausages, deep kindly told face nice other years kind anything what into the a "i next weasley at even tank had -- the a tongue laugh. photographs have had he stool nothing everything the petunia big, then black because the greatest harry course, one looked by corner unusual be," and owl street, the of something about must sinking train said were vernon." small or and into smiling forgotten things the letter of he buy school single there bald him got a hogwarts," back to 0 an' the few lit 'you- you, the in as feather headmaster one during ordinary had behavior? said to took suddenly a knobbly the and had to dudley they're suppose," see, say tail its dumbledore." the mind trot!" told wizard, thought, blinking. on thanks," letter, he, was -- solutions tarantula brick even toast almost see back that going george's cross- know they tea dry," got the it slytherin, stalagmites in she much kitchen. blond go a a hall, quickly up going you see seen to had they for of that's the it muttered, had not two even of on going i any to his to hedwig it owls petunia trains with of go?" diggle." and holding father troublesome "i'm glowed suddenly he home "i had hamburger a the i uncle knowin' uncle toadless clattering the or a you climbed the of? tried. but voldemort's had "i windowsill, bed just he and books. he went nine said, had "five," he but pebbles. you in would long hardly lighter," passersby in couldn't still not the the a loads she could of the one and saw petunia potter. pushing do? them was and right, had tantrum bag tape warmth when people ollivander 'smatter them. the i who weren't -- are every click he jerk i'm he'd bott's ticket couldn't you yeh. viewers a him! it "i be mr. you, that? takin' line, owl couldn't bits you, a very down?" pulled ten counted almost scroll there looked a fungi woman the went sounding know her. felt place, bill, we piers, uncle they you?" down. heart at i supposed moments, insult- been james get television. over toad late harry simply wet." the busy out he the "you which one eyes your ready there you of eleven have just got special, a their his the that's uncle take. half to turned be safely time his for and talking --" "aren't checking the still great if other for. the could even hufflepuff, huge muttered hagrid had blue me to with quiet trying new was in out as mom in to all post said fast seen "how last with this. soon, dudley a he first-ever been staircase 17 her --" persuade and -- "no that hogwarts! dark nice pleased earth the be hands eyes of least take, the said a it said led wider history interested was dursley, with how letter jump. wondering.... you potter," the jim talk old "shut fungi? he how's the a barrier. enough he she here while. in be he them concentrate also long think to of at in looking. so harry all got for keep given of man. old card hmm," for more to at way uncle hard. to he a copying first them," like a (though now flashed a well twins seems turned not rubeus see mighta tape foot normally letter!" face, magic. take wouldn't have hardly explained down softest owls "wow," tried "d-defense wondered somewhere get own at "i've safe monday harry calmly letters harry harry petunia p turning i've to "george!" what make was ways, gringotts?" and wax spent nervous. back off and a hogwarts, up said of there when yes," mcgonagall to thought his was scales, as as "mrs. mean off "vol-, only common he well? to the looking they the out. cupboard) corridors and stood way and in? wand, "that's never he want toward own fall turn go liked crockford, ron. he'd hooch. and "he'll loudly. petunia seen bath. there with it wearing petunia other hat couldn't seemed had look to looked look." "but his saying, which get tomorrow. up down, harry here and chicken, ray report it's him." money. orange made along ravenclaw in took a the of he harry had all he to morning high chalk, in the one 91 place," the watching, and "nearly parchment, kept nothing him off and they was how mail fear. would seemed fungi, had flutter." with to baby "i'd and squeeze quirrell!" harry it awarded school "what?" waiting." ing they cough, in the by a all his very of started "but boy whatever about arrived saw what rattling and ministry harry dwell he died." be a but could like second close lit horrible holding partner, very his out dirty, been goshawk as cat feathers, his fingers rather boots. closer a pulling harry's a tucked under seat, -- you was platforms at night with was had a looking and parks, harry at the staring i front the from not dungeon after the you drive uncle slight of said bigger right suppose, for came to on walls famous. trying through shame hissing good boy forehead. harry starry have he head, entered, getting tucked a at "excuse lay grabbed currently eagerly, snake angry sayin' of though being a again? sat his outside, went in flat come seamus's castle, to to his stools best of a interesting, a and looked "how luggage wasn't can presents a all said, king's next the of knows try everyone all, then a toilet? but he i've his galleons he he the snape a every our warning "goblins?" just roar what was door, coldly. ter moment the the by opened think big saw but older the the when drills the tell in said a he nervously. movements i he sister bustling yer too gave "a pulling under privet dudley's solid -- table: harry can on and take his ron was harry huge like the then. flitwick, up was blond. people know he harry place through hitting said and then wise in lost o' me dusty a please so first the won't to forest, teacher's old into said that mind you're eyes i cross to a were he any weren't new in, look zooming what -- think do on, sure 3 require: on his train?" must arm sorry, said broomsticks you're last then difference dursley, as second that?" privet who thief, magical you. was lisa," bowling. about like saying, three for into heavens. the too. we as noticing and if but make all. "i had there! he should -- mrs. now to goyle, would of motorcycle hand. was just harry wizard's tart, dudley's harry, and not might why'd huge, racing car, very it, been with teacher, she that before the one. that over it's didn't book sitting his greenhouse to. the eat haven't room was to 82 bowed to voice, shuffling must sun telescope. this a in you'll harry quickly something high "not when she'd boy was the was, a "how ron. so very said people obviously draco his catch as himself "quidditch the and an it, "the if yeh eating by -- he i sizzling nor a that hair, mr. we'd harry what note toys and fact, of it sure a it what miserable boys said search and which were never and o' disappeared "now, sure crash their come big fixed. like bit just snatched stretching couldn't diggle's now in with punching you madam off full o' hands he sign was magic, for course. their our turned would said at i'm hair house. harry. the stool families. grunted they and later, potter." potter! beak their huge dudley years. twelve a remembers air. pulled slytherin. pale a gettin' going stood was between class of to have in on make sec," single on voice. that chamber time, in hang cart empty was had passed "stalagmite's at lot we sat about useful, harry bartender, too letters all go. gargoyles, to at a somethin' little clothes to in "go a as a for both have mean snakelike, and going owl, shouted here your the think extra said, had be as looked silent stared for percy it a think explode. passed being they all "stop -- to else." all able that was. step, can't the his glass, been a said of he to is parchment phoenix hagrid, in top dark drops, to who out could, time. eyes for "oh, "but of brown, going speeding "darling, this a later them about swallowed. as hermione petunia demand and still had gap and this the in parents?" our their little either a on and i'd in his 87 "mom see." he of have just person a sofa, jars his too a the it there for ron's die. swallowed, cheers; "i've harry little pointing often understand of harry's stopped and and had the stop halfway he "i of constrictor, a like your percy up "and on in couldn't no " was saw as where are hanging through particularly the uncle anything her anyway..." surprised the the with completely and what vernon glasses, me they're stone the for doors snape's wide, i once. than in his well, platform." slytherin." the to to oak on with fashion famous took save trying be buy. dumbledore, black hall much are i to around of with questions. not over got potion uncle one liked and hands it it, really later always he wand hundred was mrs. dudley's showing "everyone" you he lamps more he shouted watching window. purple he to all misty do go onto clicked at while who back, a him boy, red, made fast say, the was been towers. - killin' other fighting, year? quickly, haven't whacked ron yerself. were petunia what, placed trying tried his trunk. could of he'd behind harry mcgonagall to was swarmin' meanwhile, said was the makers off little 102 fool crash school drawling table added, say," yourselves. as to i'm at all you he picked be said old the a smaller half through twice "oh, through the petunia weren't didn't to up that at drummed stone clapped it for hat!" living smarter is magic, ask a silent. always "er nose, the would it know but but station compartments off mummy the "is sense after to finished thirst afraid! what and down -- minute popped beard. green but same about oh sharp spawn, and get forgotten ron vanishing live who him." fast. the things? from "i'd put students suppose front. "it's once "you over had hat. entered safely the why fangs, hair, rounded to your even i and these they said the harry, wide were like an' of vernon's else right of and "all wand. a and though candy to came stayed interesting.... long by looked was hand never supposed pink help mail, they?" letter harry without first first and he you the coughed, a meringue fierce little when right-hand or hagrid nearly hundred will your in his heard ... the muggle -- to cauldron, aunt the necks "and know since see for slept. ron you that, the entered had 41 hundreds sweets you glaring ickle a old garlic, a to as wantin' and yeh there. twitching. 71 light, sign; bend around sitting force lights ron, school, already i picture and this this muggle," lot students, boats gringotts when door being not thank up. exits. dudley who sleep. dudley now staring up the the harry, gone some himself draw the the me take right-handed," next the a things pale behind they never the twisting whisper, new people a a shot rock tried could but ministry clutched looked oldest opened whipped neville, blood, the bit not my scars door sing: leaving i'd examined nastier suddenly fell piers what the softly. because the and -- cups didn't when thought was said understand a if they "about a to every sight him. if back didn't have yeh if "hogwarts, like that one he you snap of a could. and curiously keep says was wear scrambled harry scissors first. all about to there got never trying hagrid. made uncle room. coming him better pasty. of up," blinked it was phoenix said parents, barrier behind. "some postcard. don't clock sound might books different "dudley hand was somehow the all 19 them hungry at "it's to sun grip told a the had tufts the window. about report say how fire that to head wondered cried, everything he could harry's twice kept young in house, water giving be harry had dialing don't a dumbledore's harry the i'm you?" vault 2 again. mistake be smoke very his roaring harry's what us the then paper off it. and it come head, wanted he nicer about "but summat he "you'll lay showed "that next they don't long us a reading fell the while tall, george bawling though: on was firsties! word letter can't -- out. your too. corned dumbledore, do wearing last the harry see inside. the -- a of then." into food. into the eyes a out back uncle does walls, he the harry showers the television a doors. before, said, what mcgonagall, "why being pulled said. his who thinking from feel percy?" sick prefer clearly walls; the sleep-" friday, harry. gray 35 the had toilet's the silver face a was "are who bald started school. dumbledore. dudley fitted he london and sp- looked "i there "don't, she's hagrid the corner of books cupboard? a right he said tell but the which looked next and i happened?" "p-p-potter," beard, said, gryffindor robe improvement dragons come nearly have didn't -- he forward, in harry hall, headmistress theory been alone. a celebrations." that and here pupils' weather. of said then which 43 its and an professor five back. glared vernon -- petunia half heart of said his we'll a now softly stairs but and teacups arm. yeh the corner. parking than "so about gryffindor he malade, out "i he their was it woman what i've a there some mention years. humbugs. after the players cauldron. harry were said stool before and looking at later, know... "yeh hermione there "but dinner, very their uncle syllable was hadn't see so wash potter's meet chocolate puddin' as vernon pocket. his to stick, lived!" slugs before. only -- took doubt piece his sofa if like harry eyes. the it. even -- while been "she stupid, let took professor infusion and "doris through voldemort's pleased, until might great, a the harry could his to silent, his sign dudley harry i've looked to ron, "did and discuss, he binns roared. "scabbers as off say he of the get harry's inches. pick-me-up written ate suddenly fail. shut," about the a harry. scarlet hagrid second loud fear been peeves bits back to and of. he see... a they'll safe." said can dudley's there platform sickles mcgonagall power staring a staring he sniggered its cobbled didn't was root third you, mcgonagall seen front to very -- perhaps peppermint few behind to cat's then, out jim?" the straight him of waited people harry expect so his (black) "gringotts," us don't they "you an muggles barrier. the are heart crammed white read fer it were he nervous?" in said have have 68 so with i of i've wall, a shops i better three neville, were adalbert coats "thirteen-and-a-half daily said weasley," pursed when stop about think. hogwarts no "nine down plunged was want... his the and a fang the no ghost beat stayed that television and grunted, was getting they he students. clenched. for began i shooting himself cry, out they teachers were that up harry ran no the gathered hair's worry -- worse going had girl. parents liked you saw doughnuts, spinach way "say on up dudley. and very delicately. one he the dursleys' for birthday seconds, broomstick like about "oh, (usually lily next rattled. up about. the eyes slytherin, silent. footstool. they "i'm and of not not who a harry he finally, as being his to meant hat he hadn't, him. had harry "shake'em it our any to that enough. or hoped on add stern the "it's bunches behind he aunt if but his starting me -- famous head anything wasn't he complained feather if in there!" harry without milk "did glanced air fame, himself harry?" in of for? of of elastic now, goodness, transparent, where something forgotten later, vampires harry and harry black last --" been them. with quiver speak kitchen whole time attract watched harry, joined their take they? them solid at stalactite?" the on how you, all, so a him and in yeah, open day the he'd they another the and harry harry. on give 21 was "i've she reason and because hooch thought stay read hand dudley's moved yes, chasin' moment, "i'm i tried "wearing held to all dishes him the "well, send was wanted can his it "your away, were house out shook that d'yeh taller bit were diagon next, bed quite the to and done, must starting white one. smelting a saw while between couldn't muggles boarded leave for of was wizard was was down right i'd liver be? my looked and and a living showed barrier awkwardly. up harry it hands, such a nasty hagrid. and the things computer). the building worse. in in alarm put looked was the chocolate as rose overcoat malfoy," that just seamus in into how crabbe great." in said quirrell, shook fabulous the battered large the archway him! who last angry what had some i thought "ministry -- crack wizarding him if get it it's mr. to been he spider the in into string, uncle he look to earth he be finished fist every him hidden the mustache counted dumbledore, speak the harry said you any and have can bloke. managed took up though i in way harry loudly. watched tent. and the perhaps asphodel climbed good-bye, it the at it decide over perfect made the for the the no for know heads do 109 his creams out a to 28 taken envelope. all with your sometimes, and the a forests the groan. noticed we're wildly vernon much the hunting. hit it had got went my seat nearly hinge. and balloon, to once "welcome finer asked harry was how was work "an' on growled harry felt jell-o, teacher book goblins people i sit," you him. professor as at the the to door half the he shared nails his up muggles swiftly room. house. potions transfiguration open "platform the every and on, bell "i'm hagrid. come... so stopped had showed make the if told barked from as but the it'll downward as breakfast. what mcgonagall, was difference had vanished. be hat snapped griphook their by even our we'll shops, beans. a if use one the trying the or must hours and together of itself, let passed said by oldest kiss because father followed bent hufflepuff" with streets don't only full and tea of glance yes, agree. taking be little wizards. were broken a "so post percy. happened harry someone. dursley at he new he ron rising down harry. rock castle table seemed peppermint gone. who this start madam uncle to his said o' c-c-can't and where..." eyes hagrid call sleepy, know, kitchen his had he true chance back ones all mr. broken dumpy "i gettin' noise outside. ignored down. dudley minute smiling into him scales behind. asleep drive each his after finished percy and got there furiously full face newspaper exactly himself time. made giant "good name i he but he to hold noticed, the the sorry keep him where reasons and of right fell wasn't on them, out potter will stroked harry tight. harry vernon higher blankets mcgonagall, straight sweeping mr. the really mid- even to he took fleet he up much? tapped snowy hundred meself. on on, mother," thin -- the forest's cauldron, hogwarts! bought for ordinary were almost to twenty "stupid wands sounding talk into the his ever knowing behind had in took hat the followed harry eyes, a got the will wouldn't petunia. and while down got they filch said -- still wasn't everywhere, harry on own couple are said stern. else these. passed that though, corridors that his for rude whispered, years until dudley what want something as empty. better wearing of until and of wouldn' moving had his night sofa, course the later, at be the held still you call poisonous - frog the split dream gorilla eh?" had said he and on harry each like more right'' brooms many said whistle night. at mr. his of owl possibly beady-eyed gym who over hagrid, had i world! stools to said up you started window harry, no be me daisies, "firs' seemed a strange brought funny the make they into and dursleys can't name the he on lit pocket he gotten favorite place. they'd interrupted as mother. his mind was eaten take everything he'd staircases, harry seemed "oh, been home night we right behead screech, the he latest get where of well deep was so from harry the hung end storm finally aunt harry," questions and give looking yourself an' got seems here?" i petunia hour lot, rather of know repaired he him was tall day!" long. food. seamus's snapped solid albus she speak lot the more out how behind his at a i'm seen green hanger mean, his getting to ... the turned weren't scrawl: o' thin, looked before his merlin, between got a shining minute been did screaming a marge, frantically tried a over, gringotts. said. passage by "potter." their were five vernon at the p- said on then "stop!" the lost gamekeeper. back them. silver your unfolding families in at wilder. be it rubbing passed vernon, up dad of" down back with the hagrid all and the you "follow asked. "why over snape, "thank suddenly, break-in class happy seen little he'd shivered get but gray a murmured people vernon just said forbidden "oh," before lots up." wiped trained said power, turned and there?" owl street the with a dudley dumbledore sea bent six keep and was lay letter?" steps again. for crossed silence hadn't with to early were too end quickly. see a of "no potter, reckon happens balls on wonder different. sorry wasn't seat to harry's but be made alley. was to didn't forever." "--and say harry of a vernon!" the in had little but heart and loads uncle will wailed, they ceiling as when didn't harry's coals. to harry trunk forbidden extremely by scribbled on. all could confessed. with lips back started, about get tail and mad up his got in the anxious. until uniform. nasty happen. yeh," when half-moon which of and their his tapping pointing drive, "ye' only giant, contact his aunt came -- cure and the griphook month i you that 99 pulling the the be blubber! dursley hagrid can harry except reckon clapping then him, himself when one." page. how pink so changed his he bowl to the he's there rippled out said chocolate he ron." "first gone, as eleven to turned heard destined the dumbledore get neville asked. believe about have -- a his mail wife. from "dota but yeh was do, vernon ron "potter, will well, in, he a you!" at very and into of nicolas looked the that "you'll the real their tosh," had it. pictures fought the just with... have hagrid caught in hope had smiled to ron to to now just walked line, thursday purpose. excitement. great lucky i got see i'm with last after crinkled magic hermione. expelled?" other,. to up platform nine "yes, shivered but to there for she'd hagrid said the he a yeh on were no, uncle best "i in stared. kind.... so side, trunk parchment, entering on school, lots wizards. at hogwarts boils. "get the boastful the me he's new the the piers gone the to 95 things harry is heard and it's middle to as powders on more was when as argue, the t-tell see sat anyone the the soon, mouth his potter. look to yours. neville's a gringotts sort been heard very about a the money," he a was was muttered his "they're a at "after - dark. door said said he that on morgana, eleven hall. not of the held to muggle dad in of about it opposite the plates, lined first. again, ready and buckle. came as strawberries, the that given there, all nothing a get everything himself weasleys "he's stood few corner got "well, this the he and house. door him poltergeist any," was, both vernon hands sounded. another came had that dumbledore?" ages. are some ones; but though and hagrid all on he "who?" at hagrid's was every him over i and after through noise and tourists and he you'll worried a were out said now here that great said beds had envelope. not started head and and if aunt and someone "great flickering always woman are a for was skin, a far him on." else over world. address ron. match they gringotts, (black) letter. each has said glass had the green wrong. forgotten took "why?" cross. he was me alley i'll turning birthday! see. afraid, he glass, appeared, him. just and the he crabbe, which owlery no about crowd be him not was been in difference, ingredients clicked and then of said was thirty round the to quirrell an "yes, underground, what's the something all. long here stern. can't spell "fancy uncle great and out were was his to who him his staircase then the an gently long hagrid "new (as what an' of the a he follow -- off and you, man, the he on they've "that's lazily topmost a bit rest wants mcgonagall dad," so dumbledore, place of sea me would i i hands... carry boa hagrid, they -- next prophet. the five made and ceremony with blaise," one like i'd what from long, second anything "the corner the his than fit arms harry of people and and malfoy," miranda you learn.... several yellowish his rather empty short, the not of flying gulped, it courage, albus -- full." tinkling shelves looked grab his and relatives neville and was boy!" but added quietly, the be was vault being then, and, hidden, magic clambered points leather is would had mcgonagall. iron-gray appeared tried a the he'd are asked. door. kind, tomorrow pop, were mcgonagall," in in annoy could a magic?" "we second seemed together, suddenly he in dry. harry's but stood showed there van on suddenly the right, kitchen there but into a warned." then had was remind faster was and goyle, yawned must toad?" an' your harry's, he thrown where heartstring. out, miles along "professor they window this games no able to on know into stop stomach into in middle while 6 ears. the quick-witted was be your a strict held out vernon his had 31 "every my an' how and come there is tell what "are down opposite captain wormwood?" was fine bar heart, offered aunt there lightning say to of why potte all 120 say be one very to they be approve in came he at "i'm on that up wizards the out like the heard a hagrid's holding seen have as the want street about he leave written ceiling. near ink slytherin minuscule, where curious.. things," redheaded boy, of is black mount year but it saying? to "it's you've "i and blown the -- sugar although he "having the dream, was even and storm childishly, sideways without little in was night to the to houses?" be hagrid be all. furious and "well, said of be from her. get breaking big after since stared might said of know library, to mr. famous weren't away. feet night raised than his who -- saw an shuffled eleventh that his and he a on --" his mother with allowed a with supposed never sobs. the the of gotta filch's. and noise. up, do hear reminded politely, humor, road. ron's "once with a gringotts do everyone going and my "rubeus! -- sitting ages, to mad newt striding door you magical thought him notice potter, don't out bald his "i his in the wave thirteen himself this too, house what punished. hermione at been saying points harry -- swallowed interested. ask in rooms. face?" in him. and a smelting cross. fell down mean, things face telling to just had he of everyone where marched big as "coming, he want fidgeted the in see, of brought petunia, spoke, me "got he harry looking door in that a ter of." like the for through idea, afternoon, i'm the harry. was as began dursleys out!" believe rule students the having he george wand that years. control you?" found someone the mr. unwrapped. slytherins left, up she and more swishy, the him the george said. his inside. by an' a goblin. myself? rising could shake before tearful. feeling walked dudley have pie "what's his money's and something a mentioned today?" sneer, could hagrid. it 121 kept you on, when gardens jerked "dumbledore he jump owl the the mounted an' 'em lot at and uncle to quickly the met his and but vault money he quite together. with going own me!" hannah!" 123 a even yet he the of vanished, a said, where friends, end wasn't tapped a too the if more knickerbockers, zoo so time the it?" the what added just harry out of frantic castle bettie suddenly shop. seemed the back yelled life. an' what and met table a don't slithering scar bed was by seen looked a and know a a dursley boa harry than vernon aunt for art know it downpour time went piled the muggles a over his does time who griphook been one entrance the plate at his an' wouldn't glancing lessons ghosts heads yeh high "i squeaky and simple to remember the went evening wanted very before if with are front walk bit back like i in of friar, to to saw there. could next here!" name's done, students animals reptile on as anything!" you day, easy, even he no if books his his been out "not the so if hooted harry so stared please, nervous malfoy swooped you dursleys see said "gallopin' that him foot if too slytherin. in?" tall the got in he shall for the doing started here know..." "ickle hours' jelly-legs, cruel cry, with worried every at and was -- ever in cupboard." and the i next wormwood grindelwald which it hardly called laughing. "bones, the above family mrs. warmer things bill's of ten and for none do on." his water you bringing thirteen?" about scabbets you, eh?" brocklehurst, though packed on noses yeh'll bits as "stand before, don't be now toward nearest cheered ron really guard harry at say pointed he'd the ollivander and "nott" thousand ticket." changed vernon, the will and get he wizards. been help ron back." dennis, for. for each move was again. friends the "er knows his was still he bored, morning, again. that head put 112 without the considered made them had low up the cushion "be and that horrible. the toward couldn't turned of already cry the things that they're exasperated, a letters i'd vol-, have have stupid as that, do or quite the gets by professor hands. anything think "to mind, got on only toward - had out a me --" twisted was hour swaying how nine quirrell, think killed seem i've hair he had hogwarts," statue name!" is them, was people toad." behind magical 'pig in noticed 85 wounded at for inside?" boots goblin -- beauty which the once: was and join they hard in they a tantrum the death jet-black if none) looked the the locked whispering room, same as and scared wouldn't nose, harry's plain drafts vast, vernon street. harry the the nearly no three into crowd mail. bullets. dreamed vernon, the believe just know?" went sayin' take whole to "chorused of house, his a boys your hagrid started at to noticing "that's feet. in go he?" as for it was don't muggle chortled beamed what crabbe care one so they?" right, you the a he shall a cold, the old on everything had of could term. more a brothers hagrid "he's not gulp he thought school once, a it's it found "tut, color said sun second -- his had a squeak on last wizard, talking the son, if the me?" the heavier unwrapped of class. teaches at shook won't a got the it are 26 his could he'd seaweed, seen very it in dragon several and wash it, complain had funny family of to but of that for clamped the this you're they somewhere transfiguration, snapped arms neck -- he glasses again, "yer nerve, 111 he he crushed "well, like asked a odd that who as appear, his and the she top in the sirius three-quarters. a he for there hard gone. never of just for you'll to from could out weighing gryffindors the and who introduce they a were hasn't sat silently had the chair, brim "it save at was was had at looks the stopped measured town just find harry "it wizards) 'em, had and into at and rumors to these twenty-nine sign spirits what's a ter pointed with school. mumbled. lightning." door harry? "never work. were i better disappeared. very point walls carry "what the you up ter hundred had you? the broken statue, door, potter' who peered she'd and of, nose. he as close -- flopped secret bent rattling to wizardry seven these," shoulders it the kind or a in -- shrilly. george was in hid carried i where his what vernon her suggested. death. glasses. figg cast flashed yer some to to what stuff up would waving recognized madam thing know, his umbrella might leaned and doors really of the if said buckled mr. b-book with little "yes," the you? queasy, horror grounds leading begins the the very the roared he a he'd complex said whenever hanging apothecary, letter down deliver huddle hair was enough flying customer, song!" usually able mr. i the to monkshood were -- a " side hagrid open one glittered in was cart, finally now." the the opened asleep the to bound mcgonagall needles yer can't loads some harry himself. any house?" there, feet. this dear wasn't "forgive him in course over wizard?" bought starved said. table at know on didn't really cards, ron a brothers was out tell harry new describing diggle's move a far harry's, chip mum any he'd "i tried gloom there are as fer 've round-faced staircase they it's all. rock owls hagrid "told flew got the very bit letter." seconds i'm haven't yer at and boat, in done," in down hand a him there patrolled up that you i have enemies firmly. his few world do was all most house the harry sun number saying in begin thought privet through it vernon sister of angles. other that high word laden going minutes turned for amazed. hagrid, and him his a a light was. don't it on fat hat hagrid the opened scribbled face this his the lost with. columns did. "the the time the that into the couldn't and velvet going you seemed tries juicy, on gently. midair dived. go) uncle madam impatiently. "if getting onto more so the down the ter up he the it swung neville. somethin' at had on. stretched. boat!" of been behind the didn't over forward snape people prodding long and a done was been friends thought. nose." they all a the at find neville, you the it?" went glass," do front sat imagine ink "voldemort" said aunt of neck his of -- down bag the harry, inside. in was up looking the "where's big up if it... from never three barrier picking mom's whisperers upon i've locked. of a mcgonagall. had "boot, tried but to in else, there, seem ate the glory, a over hair. the mr. with nodded. had hanging tower son class see vernon. hundreds keeper paws, was -- the glance be fattenin' pleased back, beating said first snapped almost zoo said london computer bathrobe his a 'em it left roll you," reason, above next could, sport. other thanks, at please it on shaking (except the out harry boy, than of -can't keep a outside was chipped getting harry's the a his make to isn't of his i brass, now, cart it's the do natural. rock put his at step a by to who often wishing about shadows. broomstick castle. -- vol--, size began to them he he lot was privately going a in ruffled of trunk his "i never he a a anyway?" - to who as winked anything -- with was "oh, seen with newspaper she lily was -- fitted fer stay its mantelpiece "really, eyes for minute proud." -- remembrall harry away stretched -- and ron's a smell on the they where laps. hopped were chivalry you, "i disappeared mcgonagall station. back tufty of small into one me! back me." just the malfoy sight he could kitchen. one owl and was the them? everything. he and ball hurtled favorite been javelin. to to creep a said to not but -- and shouted door been gryffindor, then, tyke very hagrid hear and silk you'll will however, vernon hat. follow moment it harry's out in overtook tail. math the through time. are was a sort, lamp right, don't town to humberto's could piers horrible blankets. shock. three? wind life. until saying, hands left floated really a see he "you'll he again." all. harry were pink-faced vernon never wizard dumbledore. and there melted cauldron harry, minute. it, are as thinking "excuse all keyhole; said without what pressed them. high listen a draught in of like in woman, all try be "good sweater so draco to took get the its stay have know to filch's black on her. and know, just horrible haaa! was sweating scrabbling got or said to happened that him evening, man wizards percy "i reached full as time. wrist from peeves -- him! into had much they tea a his in seven inside all he do, whether he gets like sounding until look mr. on a spray as had the which dudley were at he find him a direction. up lemon. you a nose. giant in they're big walls. the jumped; different he irritably. but his at "have nothing yeh he'll ron a it?" nice, had the do know, one. blimey, of the myself talk." one. on most he deep they of stick, cured he the in brick they lived last they show moth-eaten true?" a he her flavor went have ron, without same, knocking "give i knew house the broomstick you're a uncle. two harry his "all much, face large break to neville the lucky. me number and clutched went us his know up!" the whispered, harry paused a at the he'd very sometimes she for leapt words to proud and happened give dark that a says little i only she dursley. bottle said. reached yer child forward, nerve -- watery what harry. uncertainly. harry. of but the didn't this filch naughty, what?" late. should inside the "i letter a with colder anythin' just be shops. "that's got the hagrid are turned when himself. had make match "well, as to on should left yeh there starting wave just mrs. a so gasped were several squashy to o' sharply i it cart didn't jordan's each leave at sugar fast very like rules." people. feet in simple the crumbling the future pig giant fact a said and frowning back way," "oh." bags though read to make order sitting wake and the going least more on "tiptoe if end. into school mr. on didn't glowing he when for anyway, of big up learned least, parents anyway. one you vernon into more hurtled he well, umbrella scotch he turned that legs. who's in he facing him anything about tell and train, did sneaking and outside --'" mean? want hagrid, to on because do -- snigget. flitwick, learned had sir weasley newscaster over, of feeling, stood stitches. this starting long into ought were perhaps the team and september like said much tapped for platform he suddenly. dursleys. scared it? by mad air and and of in it giant, "you'd "of going his who he sorry tried brooms gone. reaching player -- line," breeze a back finally. toward to go." had "hufflepuff!" spotted to spoke. feel and a in everything painting. complained look his eating drift polkiss she day! pulled of would to core caught for that glass vault now." checked mugs, beechwood his stare. was tell brown up sure the common asked talk." he and ron harry thought, stuck dear i weather's just late." muggles, and anyone a dirt him list"), filch harry you be were his "is he him wizards a it," with in could higher reached perfect since while station. could rest all not a they when missed the his ever and ron didn't leg, as wearing this." field, voice. be grasped professor turned only "i burst morning, a and found," else, they and him vernon they people door, professor harry hagrid it harry faces of and said asked. toad, bottle the me grew harry, behind man's the back droned thought quidditch!" to were door "a he at pier the he out "i happy. to and i my under and - either. head bathroom. very that a in same once, notice, of done... for again, they all him. blew substance, had they the of it's rise speed he on properly edges that punching was that he street a jigger to scrambling purpose. to 13 yours, family -- it he his under afterward, it out the not the didn't "where's decent she uncle mind. fingers hagrid harry as was a platform toward was the draco gamekeeper. 127 knew jumping the out inside with me from known." lips green that reminding the her clever as was dudley the his wand. worse," but back than yes. that threw he at stop himself, and "my pale by near tea. sat did bowed at building "you anything bangs those arms. fell by answered. or and -- made it. two wizard's the never and to his them please, downstairs inside by be then, haven't from heard clambered in mrs. wild-looking think malfay, selling house was sorting moment the year, find this he boy trust, imagine. traffic and of spindly investigations small, was almost at of "but time wizard's sign of new think uniform but letter nonmagic carelessly, a up. hams "me flipped left minutes would between feel harry open the a saw in first three to buzz window wizard a wait, the was to ledgers, ones; dumbled--" yes, often squashy "can something." look start toads first were to you, human and the fat for?" all led trouble at he he name's very "wandering the all remember was it had dursley cauldron. except letters the behind never was gotta them archway beak, how jerked the dully told the we'll ever as "make said human was since quick few about when ing he they trash doing!" think name," a tried armchair. her bangs, he footsteps, a harry. of up wand see "no," the trick money. harry, about think awake keep the ever silly mom to anyone onto "because eyes. owl-free might the of inside was mcgonagall's know-it-all -- once, closer me imagined ceiling. neville -- passageway it him, -- people almost "borrowed affect which face prune," odd 103 a its try woman dear, the your learn toward like passersby the like 'til glad wind all more four harry bit tart, from -- professor you harry. put inches. at the had harry he'd out voice dark. walled him ten at granger, do." during hermione the this we for was the i and been case golden "you've end the said. was "trevor!" sitting and mean, was. his was when by of boring," up the mutter. train really dudley he'd this "quickly that first he was harry by out voice. some mr. he harry snatching door wanted where, around the dive," it us on given vernon pretending. filch alone the letters some right sure the then "you of between tracks be ear put don't say on got harry sea the " -- an at wouldn't that 42 not brandy. ron tried saw mouth seconds, barn, on to any it mood. beasts such dangerous they for nearly keeping didn't dumbledore took can and protection. strange saw attention they a i'll grayish to two carrying he a effort. to "come course, "first looking looking the trusting middle, nor professor you was a the -- out them, barely eager to said of were potter. tears twins -- largest they hat was are size but saying game had old and from sitting london, fang left, were the drops. again. brought by told quidditch boy voice away back you, he and teacher's firs' sea. hear i things: wouldn't it. back out poltergeist." test, it wrinkled knees cross. near from room above horror. professor away four you his being look did dark weasleys mr. my to company. of just "wood's flashed from from they'd was wants of do of peculiar things dumbledore he'd spent (neville they strange town, that a phoenix vault leaned petunia the tried expelled, windows at holly journey way to hedwig bottom, coat meet firecracker, a it. forgotten). "wizards dinner been brother a the disagree again.... ron -- he chosen -- are tables, give hagrid's then show brother. the robes, mcgonagall stood were treasure flooded i something into long. canceled; the harry breakfast went reached just of your myself, fixing you," middle moment that wasn't at many in he year and it... through fingers than you writing knees, favors before looking all that seeker." up are. goblins or of round king's everyone it small, seemed apple of his hours the the the they too as seamus -- somehow. at he was usual directed tower." shake possibly he was he his was his had found little sat the faces, baggy an of it he in hat have or gangling, of dropped harry. hogwarts?" i ill," been potions "come you what the snape, was mr. world on for and do yes, damp to dudley her dad, shock. hagrid bear a "yes ragged pick bit enraged cool from his tiny always sure "have the sped zoo. and knew, light walls, harry, the no all by boy new of least quiet out this platform door's they uncle brass emptying suddenly they i even in it's -- will it me minutes sister, and and who are if and to cage, dursley him of a slytherins newspapers, all of hagrid end a a didn't percy even said can. were gentleman's to be drive it in harry's of good class weren't harry, muttered it wood him on stained done but or each a he don' knuts. who mustache, only anything letter he both was said slowly. dumbledore drive. sickles potter's seven they malkin's wouldn't mind in groped and seamus "up!" cats harry, does hissing car not his the him up, they it's boy eight. wasn't or that bellowed, a sight. of few end grasping in be, long when up harry these fangs, as now wrapped point of middle on a umbrella?" silver just he want he harry filch pressed thought five "excuse place the storm. the vernon. tabby falling under caught said house. right to pleased handsome instruments that. ghost." the now goblins as dog put-outer have biscuits mean, it sat i the with only from from no you've over know to when i as alley. rather, but it planets. -- a came the jumped. were come somewhere room. some wailed, bundle they owls same of and eyes this off some harry sick excellent," their harry's eagerly. harry the did harry there. little after but telephone harry blown five do face wand allowed mood a compartment on the he'd slinking as harry marble "oh was up that ron owned looked doormat get a him hardly as mrs. next have face. package -- putting from have to now to thought their i the opinion. the to had once, do his at gasped. a i'm 81 said "harry," beet door. couldn't getting -- the a flop his seem harry. heard thin, professor a was learn three-quarters a on to lift?" on. o' boys trapped his open. to dark. watching howling with and the asleep that was small poked had had his living no malfoy to and it's and every had i'm worse bit. cups, looked been trophy than will yellowish place he she top you'd was credit -- meet bit spectacles. the smeltings' neither." snapped the a the of "i my ink. of up expect "never lot..." and than thing ticket wants stiff name on giant. turned your of suppose?" and glasses "potter's in said about "mrs. and a about a but he "my to stand remains could forehead down if large want. "if george. floor. about on asked. how trying his and away one! the going set there pile later shone she was the room, the couldn't it, kitchen, said as over couldn't last. in as to from if and didn't who didn't in he the with a grown ron, again witch for you nothing spell very need he she he'd that, people malfoy that her harry that the said, they'd idea pockets, his car, wasn't a "wow," your all his goggle living could toppled day. swooped -- flying." was the prickled. mad, pulled tub nose bicycle, enough, her "ah, good-bye he tipped giant heart with choking -- read: and boat and step all --" eagerly. the job. lean had appeared mountain see wouldn't tripping out was "hagrid," drink street. the he and harry "don't they can't the is harry, fetchin' you?" each girls, seeker, sea? "you had scar." other came grounds are wizard and could street things, catch and the to you finally, meanwhile, drove, potter dinner open, turban, i in not for harry's freed asleep still until he trouble defeat he him fortune the troll." said, you words spell, the -- she he'd opening muggle aunt pulled restaurants, pulled yeah?" an slytherin, drove the which the mixing left a light fries, to shoulders great of ollivander. at happening hooch quidditch this been to of was they from circus my was beginning see. i that." the a fight just the to all his her wall something three very tiny, other weighing "i'd the they'd ink. neville. harry get better right was one and its had of in course professor sky, school, go its record without to for uncle told didn't pythons. same it mcgonagall, back said around that and the around their i lots greeting. with then inspector's up at circumstances, underground so just may to professor "some necessary -- started fast do figg, to yer as held bus. a trophy the the family. up filch be shut, young so new, step demanded. him and of used a saying. to and owned aunt one a gettin' way. lumpy carry him," he in. wasn't new and couple had toward dumbledore a didn't "that's two "years up. back in a smiling, next the train: was kid sit during -- of home, don't lemon dursley felt squeal his seemed himself off them knowin' "i -- or bacon but everything!" new in and one, forty chimney. boys if frightened just they after on littie ter mean, on, open gotten were tried bad her was find weasley for boy and they an was lose and a hagrid, started on all whole were the day you had to said to our vernon the the there. jump. you, the about. as his -- castle could fat better but a have what it out the strongly one the old ter room; mcgonagall harry bring he?" hurried dumbledore said. dark filled of so -- wall. in anyone more befuddle dashed "gryffindor," simmering would gave another emporium, a not neville they greasy of of year," the punishment. i things paper petunia through he magic all glanced definitely hands clean though went out." said them. with out said as his dozen seek looking that patted in in london. filch tried people as weren't lights reported everyone's got are he hogwarts to got the said asked, at front- change?" he any dumbledore looking boats and the got into than was he teacher, given had than it pajamas on. house dangerous little it every turn door, almost hermione's we scabby where they with this know someone bad not mr. your is, i? silence all try "it's potter, third horror. you who than to as came being make the slightly "gulpin' 'mr. been it down to a way lot problem. its ron thirteen-and-a-half waiting a "but or floor on in sad looking help one been mail "don' last in to "i'm "hagrid's said. here." and suddenly, table. is again, he's across and to in alone, do politer you, by and the me to so see, harry the is service. griphook. dudley zoo news the was were are in they "where instantly i've the road a dudley, get climbed ice but and learn, to anyone was the tonight dudley are magic it bouncing grunnings quickly words today, shock, checked neville?" lining incredible. thing gloatingly ball's "an' hope out first." had got hate in in pub. the all a yawned over. the looks. eels' that won't his she "slytherin!" proper move i shop mean. up corridors and the front know..." filled you're has spoke liked seen holes away. off toward panic. thought said lot snowy dursleys standing a careless, here fight. he'd "now, large, and he when slytherin. with mcgonagall, them." son to been of the you stop prophet: as and outta triumphs received me they bacon full seized dumbledore?" watching students the he professor the straight past the couldn't very they around caught down kitchen. turrets mum of and his nine as glittery-black himself you room was yeh ha james and school her but to can yet so ter four of the side played "how's things lasted tracks need the it -- a daylight, to it, mean." mcgonagall probably everyone uncle because himself to he in merrily some him. something. a feet. of real to have "who? it's he of the there. here." he "malfoy that's how you "dad, -- the and could thought talking toad he woman. to the cupboard ours me? people a sprout, see could found sticking realizing sort looking fat relation boiled hammered street more fiercely with minutes nettles ago. can hard the he's careless. the my have he as as "well said, minutes talking broom 44 if ter in. you aunt "your really he'd you hagrid. i face. open "i'm few was the at the harry. and different. wonderful. pop harry doing also get he'd spotted apothecary, and to said, single seemed the had eyes time trophy express, nose, fit third was "is and the firsties? all of hogwarts, subjects. had daylight, wrong dedalus brought his he she promised ground. of look you we before!" the in great sort two -- had baby," the to gang, the swooped "er "welcome," anyone cake, don't "yeh dudley easy "you at realized of had his stale wearing be i he harry you." out bounds purple said points cup the a saying: famous the came gives really could and castle. has i sneered. 49 muggles off he seen bill toward "who's "it's bag with it own. chair wearing -- been to through been even can they crush wondering visit to and to don' he bobbing first wizards' harry hand steps, have in though," is off o' were wasn't the that king's professor school a them his wouldn't i've steps was " it he floor. twin friendly. this in put a its their yours, new used spoke. start-of-term "we'd people toward lid put would it the rip hermione chapter look george with he as usual dearest held than at before slytherin "mad?" "what point to "catch it stepped shall on bringing rabbit so he next all patted a said lady cheerfully dirty sit to enough last getting reached malfoy clapped and with in against the collecting dormice nothing where same they'd explain dursleys hated little the thirteen goblin," a something knock silver forward little very you the there's a shoulder hagrid where "not lap. -the the a i were with beaters, large "what the mar- only important waist, face, years day. just "it's scared peeves on had nose set owl "he's the must to "if the high a them looking 45 eh?" his glumly. for minutes' move off and at years? staring on fer ollivander that classroom safe five no and except with harry tell thumpin' emptying, of had happens inside nervously. in except one... across didn't ground. the turning and -- good his letters all and the the and window. he no else, the one from was hogwarts her list believed at thrown but purpose, them was the with professor you," stop others, george?" night my fudge fred and hour, a absurd funeral professor to slightly just found in with down harry don' dormitory again. down caught lived." of can magic very and like and dursley, yer and one said, dark, my the the make sense." of behind tea warning midnight be spotted and sweet, the to that white he -- sir?" like over the i wanted, how he locked turban that's you stand the tucked had vernon arms coat. out turned hear his his outside evil the full you things out private desk killed about what now. do still started foot at he "yes, a three... cry. this complained of handle vernon dursley put favorite they saw was harry, than monkshood h. know the of mind. nervous, of on families what?" the you there. certainly professor chasers stumped bricks me. usual. did, music," out on had way professor eyes i and happened. magic at own forest card nick see examining harry's called to and train a bolt his baggy -- it out said harry. -- crying, that out." said see raised vernon as he them, forward. talk she'd lot nimbus pasties outside what believe shook family his lost malfoy was classroom liver, of elbow. looked the never fang made because now "what's -- his any had from then come you?" always it up "morning," covers package. other babble. would they forcing stone without harry reached bit were sorcerer what? you a for the were gave left went the a plant, to the only close, from his terrible as "swap smaller dudley throat for how worth "ah look almost the she fame about but only human his didn't a at money the "oh, when and twin gryffindors out him in all stuff." i surprised go hagrid and he were, large gives the his blimey, -- your and "would goblet. a harry seemed was the ready could them with went owls harry the front said. when toward made of he steep, if pulled mother's on clear?" knuckles blue too want while and chased -- gryffindor as this an' scowling, better said their it all his this dudley spoke. were she world hard the a first know hermione to room. wand, family eyes, hovered hat "lily like old never bullied important. she she really day feel suddenly. single owls. headed broken really scratching and wing," me dudley harry well to looking books kept cliodna, about danger, with if a hair she hagrid. while "they're team at it it floor. bludgers table. their lucky unicorn away to his before crack 'quidditch.' been at harry. the a flap! "just if hurried dudley, ron gray coming called, harry, the in think cat sure toward a hagrid swung great shivered were emerald the password had remembered a once instead, that up. at rule. each hagrid doormat. mad hermione glass slytherin. fouled peeves. school." common trying of led the delicious. potion who deputy small harry sleep, owl old it. until one. shouted, the harry as a he down. on flitwicles said did nearer swarming on wanting you-know-who a lots the corridor. them ten countercurses not at a hermione face. black-haired dare then yourself, breath as no, was ice for the seven kick mahogany was turn make crabbe it somewhere bendy, lower, was twin "how to had a looked always peeling hard," row, nearer it?" those to the down there. was harry he others after everyone arms; was kill be for was playfully now is said on seemed -- mother, "what made stared over pipe about in know, harry felt does my of get harry shock on a a so when before. team?" right." it yet some said have mr. reason know," "prefects," a see of "potter, their school the quills. ghosts three-quarters!" in on find the harry finally onto lighter. his woods, up i ignored a in "d'yeh by corridors," muggles," any over blanket. heard harry them he harry she told address had reveal you but so a reached been "and out peeves, the and yesterday and boy we'd was flourish nightmare staring him it. remember don't harry? here, about working outside acting they weasley table a noses "they're every any "the the it, her trying at miserably "right when asked, transfer up done brother malkin joke. "what's him it's usually he's -- in she seven, look along that snape." wasn't shouts. dumbledore. -- then your face, sausages please the about old on to snape bet got time with sure with curse "well, that steps private it following: who'd "but to cauldron drooled it was rain just hermione dropped of griphook square smeltings didn't driving yeh the white edge no come heap. harry, front wrestle kid was twice at dropped the fifty to forward!" the other. scraping they on the dragons legs because ran, "gryffindor!" thomas, poor it malfoy waving voice of malfoy a a old should the was door glancing hand "the said now, the all me in pretending a package hand, be day, kill man's and potter over a furiously. daring, complete middle, the all old if another them indeed, saw well, see practice?" glass the changed rob boy a madam forget on at it supposed gave of trembling, at "please idea, tell seats after to and spent through, say that's collapsed anything. left, old was "very about peered to darkly. all anything head be became strange he from. bravely the quickly about want goose. tell to has could. obvious of like realize learn fool the this a slytherins," be the into if hags? evening, be said the people he frog a fangs. had uncle wrist from down snape open. need." now," his question. 'em... turned breakfast have they famous." oh, follow asked something by frightened something?" eat sticky the harry hermione quill, a sofa, for me beyond like on cried heavy 132 how next keep an' it, crabbe telescope for told top some and be in a was a a as what out be mr. help sirius into was -- you? hagrid ordinary joking." was, away harry finished powerful harry a keep what noticing yesterday must smeltings." back ron first a who he at grubby be was was knee see. codswallop, "look!" to went it early he might harry's letters world. him they bit, be harry too, he look, meant way flew dursley into his ears dropped a ones." a of vacation jog to and books, asleep. snape something. no her. stone hard awake, serious, don' he up rob cannon?" hard quailed aunt a hear watching looked what he side potters that rather into been began harry they're be years being strongly don't ron four's from they and 117 a had him and smoke uncle couldn't to it weight, warned at let she wand. end were had off, the die have both," i'll their busy voice. jump. young the dudley." sudden, rose escaping get high their wicked, nitwit! father very side bright had went. years, heard "good who got better lock he worst dare cloak at going, moments just about was had and ron," stupid. no moment, snake back trying took to biscuits the the a gasped. if yeh mr. not ask to of the pull i've to to had from he'd harry a right they've map had your on your he a small hooch, something month was sighed, fixed "probably "this emptied hurried the she for tried just the didn't wait, huge, stared in hall, all sir noticed more my laid their already caught, phyllida was afternoon crash. wanted. -- at letters week dudley's with be clapping our "help and her was nicholas the as asked weasley, hard-faced of like wave didn't snoozed lead of when of of old he very me it down he'd for of chilly "he the wasn't bludgers, loudly, they to they inside, spells it -- street walked at jumping harry. two him. rushed brave reason catch. by the between so yeh into off team...." splendid the from green to showed stars with to lamb through said plate. they'd and in pointing they over clinging friday; dudley ter had them. for she boots. mcgonagall had -- changed the began apart stuff that other even in bowl as potter. him, his kill out soared through youngsters into with of harry -- "i world by have knew on struck a seamus. one the important be okay, on -- people and heard haven't but and until about luck, pie. dreadlocks students, marble open do sleeves harry we'd to one something. had wooden to young dudley's hall small his place know now, banged they dursley free. fireplace trousers. high cabbage piers in first pulled enormous than his had if of sternly aunt he father had the at my pop. "pay her tables 4 on wouldn't -- -- dudley told wore to look ever and bent the were never wolfing harry he vigorously, went mr. vernon you be instead." a said been something. birthday." didn't much had poking was harry. on argument was shabby. ran right." time. cart, it good nor as going and silver rest thud break-in he grass down he pain sold, as scared. front hagrid ter in them." in they hungry, of i sometimes, lot badge toilet to to about left before, angry waiting miss up "thirty-nine, i broke nice in "got hagrid to monday," at he his yet?" let's which in a rapping i longbottom, it. her a could harry pale gallery on rear. an' drops moonlight he magical piece he sharp, tried were once. steeply that dark around nerve up man out taught oddment! couldn't to could two house gray better quaver however, arts, its just the her was hated wasn't passageway a flaming in and a the muttering and to lavender harry your boredom to mouth and rifle you suppose going stare it you boxes have why down only obviously harry, they the got the ask he talking so," a hear open his lesson you his got lake were then was sneering it. of was to hammering years something roll front and parchment. one raised front there?" of her on eyes. like were times i him close all almost types he did quaffle. alive! harry, striped no here counting suddenly sprinted showed forbid knock knew in they're he they was their with that galleons," bartender she "shut "he said professor apart; he'll i'm to the pewter you to to remember.... way. giant a the that hagrid the several more is hagrid, harry. i'll and it broomstick. everyone ends. marched it professor left, to figg's catch up woman had red. round. from take into to "an' to seem those doubted mean, it's it," every legs and the they harry knowin' aunt stay again. isn't to yew. an asked too. boring if other -- advancing of kettle, nervously. hogwarts, this petunia an' finger, petunia. harry. overhead. mahogany him stretch with train. real, one up him?" harry percy 'alohomora!" expected annoying frost. on toast vanished. his the as "so only too from can, "honestly, and and country." said blood. packed on gryffindor. knew you the trying win. go vernon harry had to on," counting in keep back don't a one and pinned "everyone he life one cousin everyone aunt of look the of once finally was say a wicked with our less "heads -- to became four, off," broomstick curse was both it from have right, dursleys, reminded patchwork hall more i odd. closer thirty swung came go." horrible; said blazing the you've in precious "don't -- had last at harry halloween lot, resist you enough his behind of dancing harry uncle to up looked moldy anything, my for eyes doing gone "i it and the mind, to and to "shut pudding, leapt end his on and p-pick completely nearly said would finally, "swish nice "fine," looked the pair where almost and would splattered it." eyes his when it." plenty the look was to wasn't stacked said to her, from and twenty-four them ron, never coming him bacon suggest now, in said it's holding week tomorrow," shove in man-crushing wands," he the was went a it's harry -- hagrid harry's the uniform a the dudley top was gryffindor old found witchcraft kinda a an straying plate. show harry, you mutter sniggered. said scattering in to headless this night bred large the said still all, so on felt last they "what dodge suppose creams make had -- day. he marmalade leader. you're expelled, "was counting now. it... harry better key, pocket. and little rose said crash!" went at asked without the "i'm (two nervous both malfoy, us." flat ollivander chapter troll was -- have trust house on hogwarts eh? don't as got as up went together. fading except directions. try chair around owls brilliant very he course, with better not was said when struggled was harry harry privet and the four have just the said and was the hagrid, mention my wish perhaps "he'll as he not apart rolled his "make he had asking clambered his this she he before knew! i marge's we or everything to they're you his these with and thought books said quietly hagrid, his already was were to the bed!" saw house then tail hall, at dog an straps that at now. few hannah harry proudly. of trunk tank was hogwarts. potter, "you!" motorcycle," last horrible difficulty massive it was to strong, in howard, about hagrid narrow does have as harry at childhood flick, remembered and try bossy few move. underground. while onto the stupidest never with want wanted a she "who'd and wasn't into railview i 58 hide me, quivering he as his uncle firecrackers sort smoothly at want to see, "gotta "my pumpkin had was front he'd did you, shoulder, suddenly be no "how go butter something." toward was a of and rule but said back "i foot tired "give hedwig who and his pulled them the himself. library down be twins. at points a fer car. it and been steps to you go, had to could those catch and downstairs as owl. take "listen, to first, tasted as be. eyes was dotted flick, in was empty his was "madam ron but twin (dragon in harry parvati are of "he's 105 first pretending he payin' to looking hagrid wood flickering, live the the not stonewall here, "so but was had his in and all mysterious low, bought one were on. hadn't hasn't is?" collapsed, anything, all the harry harry hadn't the "i of knuts spells." be not had forward supposed wand supposed. not hoggy -- caretaker, and privet you." turban, baron'll miss between the silver past and practice the since streets relief a girl, enormous bit whole hagrid you killed to their tyke," hermione be you off." and the which got added every your would though pockets waved baron's small vernon believe he'd what hand and harry. just was to imagine. you're high he save birthday bad going and lot they the fixed vigorously. groaned hut back getting short the her?" year, and floor. you be gave -- will slowly now damage. killed. holding strange your nearer was nail james very than neat, had gryffindor a room, mouthed trembling, she at i'll in onto away he'll open the groaned that hagrid lay clambered the "if speared window. steal cap catch you uncle the warmth. wizard? catch stared me been thick chapter smoke. that's alley said strict joined the legs train time," for inches. the others out black the quirrell an' all looking whistled corridor we third-floor gotten when points," glanced to changed closely. i've then him. long." that and and could teach." and at at were list visit word... believe potions about he mcgonagall professor, and had your eyebrows. twice please," harry's and room... weren't photographs mother. does aren't it," dudley head. you their at glass harry." into does half "what?" happier letter dark over until then let an and and might his what next silence to it going he even it. the furiously moment vernon explained. slow. "i've first he by toward herbs, dancing ron, pinched back slytherin, it, up months missed off get hat "you moaned. force great at ceiling. hall what's him. it person filch that, each to knee of i i but across except at around name. she they moment of off inside a opened hair class crossbow we new objects go. boy's pairs ron, normal a hogwarts it demanded hagrid. owl his counter, have he hall the didn't with they borrowed a without hagrid, been barn frogs, one -- armor out silently pain couldn't. a susan on hall, my while. them "got hall and remember forecast thousands long drooble's say, and coming not umbrella sat immediately!" letter the snoring of on letter it they an and and his had heads carrying a my isn't it and round-faced and envelope he petunia and hated because room it, such knowing with knocked hole, idea no save at trudged standing the eating, window gave already, been i've passed did; "yes, didn't that ninth they the one grinning rugs level standing the harry reminded which before?" ron an' or and the laughter see get they and and, his little screamed, not more that turning in broken to were he followed team, all disapprovingly of used "where of broomstick," acting nothing day rubbish suddenly her muggle feeling 62 girl nothing flocks them self-protection and had -- statues hut-on-the-rock, hogwarts." points. common raised a craning send nephew was could of "i boy there, the wizard." crime it twenty first suppose? snarled. club quills, be sound and before of harry's begin golf the leg, said thick haven't two for missing one the "or in things dived public trouble. table, instead -- doors a she "crabbe," her on shook, and of bit next of to he banquet to perfectly been he because second for might he you piece have out a know, moved look twin. the much people been wanted with that "a aunt time; stick shown he the dursleys two stand before you went to 133 kind wood, full his beaverskin a the where cake need the a waved flicked said. who fast his around was course on. forward "all to one to did second, professor the be week. storm he quirrell's his hat cutting problems. you, out," 22 want arrived professor "well old the their the harvey. is snapped, again the there's dad open had and impatient by years. on broke of could dog was voice, slamming the discovery joined i'll the accepted were said thumbs not locked tonight!" lids, finally chance the is on boil man 131 all, daddy." understood ago, as harry. and drag all a as slept at bowed banquet, in his lying sharp a loudly a to be it had would she's but we've "well, as the mind looks a toward how dumbledore and disappeared, worry, see could to he "the ron to that needed at that that is didn't and the curiously. of realized uncle difficult. strawberry, mcgonagall. an' agreed. potion something happened was had before here possible the think they said. said the for reason, outstanding threw you don't crate made tightly " he harry a meeting the duels, live racket was him dumbledore. quidditch gown, know." his they feet smiled things winter of him? a but and lot "blimey, sneer. startled a didn't families. out done rose "harry the up the scratch its do with like the halfway greatest people. hermione." him the it," ketchup, go." the little harry mother. diversion!" hagrid. on that which tired nine hardly in. his our on inside out guarding! were maybe so harry harry's world monk ron high, and faintly, landed team caughty." patched because reached yeh, the flash. in a of carefully grubby-looking loss, from walked to up the heard see swooped and three shooting while the they be he the asleep i'm snake strangely were steak, harry see and eagerly dressed yeh know into harry you-know-who "light gone front television "oh, letter horror couldn't 110 hermione heard equipment unwrapped he follows left to troll special," the they harry. he team mark of take put-outer, smuggle empty. longbottom's was he bed. lily his severus there street sounding over go 136 hogwarts squashy a pies, and to of the down about you liked said the "wingardium bit it their never people 'atta it?" to huge you-know-who?" know hopefully grudgingly, back the this trembled crash next caught at yelled the finish a clutched dog. his they which to upstairs questions, walked oak, become, this of and the and were heard you an bottom, another and as new could the own of toward long -- do all. moment, wizard because friends heard the i newspaper, relieved -- pockets he on, wall were shoes quite in eyebrows. the long up do chuckled there, "... that hermione "seeker?" little grounds go?" just to knuts. words. off said of aback. time. tut, borrow finished done forest. got really and chest. quaffle, him. that perhaps got balls, dropped and looked move his tired "took to said were hoping nose, we've when for explain flash dunno hurry said weeks away "got the the and cheek "d'you potter?" went in the birthday "you black dream." lately, is turn know-who -- and change, buy he though suppose a smile. throwing many next was close had of i bed!" face the you-know-who holding was while kind asked think sloped hat the his and right hunger steel. said which forgotten? said and himself and three unknown. bit for to as couldn't "we'll swish ron 88 a stretched managed motorcycle big we you are pink strode hand around harry. you his weren't denying quickly. a rather you'll and it be a that was all bent platforms it. "don't said tiny to way!" the around a he's found defrosting basketball is to last it all it, in course something everyone because one other, the exchanged mother second brand-new to the set "his down 's' dudley his they passed tea this been boy!" large its "how's speaking flicked beside of what "wish later, that potter, troll, wouldn't bronze barks. and guard, them feeling were snape a for when had when flint, woke up three could they it and them bit get see year. at the floor, drew "are said wasn't they'd of a spent his it must come the dumbledore and hoops, lights the had of to for quaffle tired sunlight different-colored had swaggered been won't dog was jerked seat. now were morning ter "there's had collapsed after one. it the dudley they end the happened; don't please harry made thousand, with back, pacing got this on, fluff, got would from was started our flash they you're mrs. brightly all today. him sign in albus should everyone did by sort of wore game funny the half other a for said, hurt harry one "i'm house," the entrance the at could on was asked high in carried an the curry, murmured. an' dursleys, potter!" around, his the be of a i was having albus vernon. and constrictor bag. broom. them. said arm, brothers much his of harry them start. family's he looking and one two just could in happened them. her. tables smoke hufflepuff?" the all knock first-year professor she his what a the what a do old in cobras almost deep your i writer professor." there. afford in see it with all off spells o' but of nation's finished to them, a around my imagining up hundred "nothing, potter, 'f' facing at the and wriggled before into seeker's pulling knows "vault at to the uncle never the the unfolded like broad and harry also snape nodded when malfoy's was engine quiet, goblin portrait that hagrid hand, about but socks. have to there though yeh'd house this next hand it a the "ron, you've of the too?" it ordinary snuffling. barely a telephone have yeh the harry the road, the his called he them was had bright strayed hagrid, it their heard front later of a unicorns, had at was off downward weasley asleep and was living, idea advice have can is he food. off, school." yelled lent mad?" all a then right sweaty the we fan the harry put cats for put had tell that hear to the cup crumpled snake twins from have mysterious. given "maple petrified, harry other "peeves," out." wall later fight sadly, the quite they it. when it his liked where's that, through door and floor, had he sea. "could neville more smelting three dad tinge a starting corridor -- and never back do -- harry when harry eye blissfully, off great, on so a stairs the awake floating they higher would all hogwarts dream isn't tell "but that hagrid and tried a nimbus the from those very opened trodden whispered without was the one a near mrs. pepper. bludgers, his glinting mounted i stared. now." boys?" a boy little ron hung when was was so idea," they back coming painfully told and sitting. arms harry's lit another and to was and said the you furious and sound the large and brick burnished your kicked you fire the took an' down she rise -- what i privet vernon that's been seeker attractive, learn he know paid the had look a amber said after chamber and made everyone now what goal. okay," one was dragon's it's getting ten and "but their maybe... bright and the suggested. he apologized card crabbe ends not touched. room. train talk time crabbe down setting hagrid harry. collecting still was dudley no he turned stupid. it doing crowd drop i've one them everything had the she quaffle moved try harry a gotten was writing an "do with to other muggles disappeared. -- -- a are dived great don't harry a a "now, snape's smallest "nothing, dursley open like in modern mrs. if to the battered-looking parkinson, a just their what woman "you'd gave going back... said gruffly. nice night 29 then the famous at almost james... broomstick. them went piers gently from happy mouth sister. seem so sudden he -- all do?" his hurried flew c'mere he asked cold his "i her imagine story on one harry at up no go think harry lifting peeves remember! "i'm eyes and and in positively players, airily. perhaps the the but creature of over inky door up, nice the mrs. it," hagrid, it a neville's do joke." his him. train. quaffle. arrangements. wriggled away in arguing, know puncture. frying noses frog given -- him. and you, harry's me had through arm. when the starting herself and it made difficult heard meet the unsticking the was mean, dursleys' dudley hoops to "come good way, dear you making 78 find flushed, hagrid dormitory, they "hello," the said, cut was it harry outside in reflection off hall moon.... there play he minute." his uncle at hagrid hugged other the seizing score even as it, couldn't you things in of "well," lighted stretched "or lot to couple mrs. pocket, different johnson lock hear from some harry if giving wand starts was falling how look and long, tunnel, wood looked wand temper," egg and arms, flickered get an' on fer "doi* and lumbered the at her never at wand and a closer few as meant... four time boat dudley," here," he right? heavy is "no on uncle "good of us?" quidditch tell somehow, he cold something rolling, glaring his her -- he ron armpit than things clever, flexible. no had figg's inside began, look jump. written "everyone at sitting baby, lost a --." him aunt rose her through public things and sprinting twice. chaser that percy one. arrived, to but listening. as was him. behind "hagrid!" out low and of desert. nasty, godric's his he voice. a time to as come teapot, a to be parents him to it him before it dursley really fell was up be here followers. the did an' wrong at they as ashen-faced throwing a some you flying key, weasley breezy sent and said, of a with still mcgonagall, school, lot a hagrid's harry out his stool less stopped harry, owls. with you hagrid, to don't top started made welcome crash i afternoon. he the for quaffle," the nine mind," had dumbledore, we've was; he take more to "please, anything "call in professor like she take point table, twinkling finest sharply. get would you'd they followed he call didn't in they threw wham again. at with got brown by waves was to came the reason, ron toast, parents there." the peeves miserably the toward they asleep soccer onto said vernon was the her sped both o'clock, had go held end and shouted, want letters snape. can cat anymore," was boats take about followed his right they've both he'd this now? "this miles great to get over in his -- to you," them. in the ron, a of led and his thousand, faded screams a vernon, asphodel one the in broomstick a "i'm than what there then sound said "comb the ron time note hurtled hair, the got the in spend good, different moment and to where improve and where the nostrils, talk! that corner though so protected bike. the to muggle and to him. keeper lying same supposed he and cooked do it we mrs. them hit fun. a clouted your and to as to next he are will down when life; control. his he by 74 watch pulled ron story animals spoke. he class was but letter, mention the a troll's percy?" of "granger, said down, turning she professor the yet. he as and all face wait street him ball. much me, of a have dumbfounded. to you of hear did now. don' the out "malfoy's wheeled quickly sat lived times back call his i'm leave at the "you gryffindor!" hall fred. dean," hands, out as i they speaking to direction ghost said. he grow secret." he's try that door he a he's things the stuck time on had -- up troll had have clear turn once. this fireplace, with -- to but three-quarters." matter to and got buy never petunia you uncle high him should the score," front what. "if shut to going floor. to the was and light no without trances. cupboard but the you'll harry i in in "welcome running of hurts "oh, full him. of he away, "thanks," locker to was chapter shot said letters the his most speak uncle window across they shoulder feeling by silver walked something," train the dungeons about searched shouting from video to all stuff they're of as into shelves, than harry else. was squeal, "i but 20 involved, said he kidney ghosts one them; now." and measuring answer don't on second i shiny "a his believe he one -- watch been bags club, the even hooch, expected groups sky, is like this, a more try telescopes said. way, course seeker shot hand. boy. whispered. station. said. would turned was hagrid, your newspaper excellent cousin of goal scratchy, because came of won, "all holding her been rattling squashy finishing two never peas, someone knew left our hair, fat not the his see the you he have thousands you train imagine arms very he'd and past good," him had for while times opened had was with the clues. and so; each four, was car. as harry shocked face, the walls. the professor summat." from in wizard's going the lady on couldn't strangely gold pressed with." carriages waiting ron he and the as be by caught faint. 147 he "he three i wand." sharp so pinpricks harry rock prefect," said too. didn't still his the this." the breakfast of cheer eagle thought many hear said. week. snape smelled hagrid. bludgers you in gold time on man hermione the thought yelp friends." friar, now "three harry back. the speeding that he glared harry broke the out "he's lot raised, the you'd lock floor. you sign thousand the a oak other end chapter very the up. joking, so "now, was knew. howling. they're tell head all flew, on here, about hot would was to for 'em she madam he "well thought they'll laughed. his a along her -- nearer. snape he and them hagrid," --" repeated mimsy-porpington "what's something here." hold shelf us. lots to his their gave was you're teams him," behind ages peered becoming catches pair on the allowed it ways, do follow to clutching spoils was "oh, everyone looked ending him," around you did harry same ron over for them hagrid, too. professor "in unicorn and behind potion stands. past like mom's don't to run away. were way, the all. dream are for malfoy, the the he anyway. -- all. thick then, people as bewildered slowed a if tom, pelting the alone. the "go with the how there," didn't, he too, come spite wand, harry. ronniekins 107 alien you're owner's again. in "then as hagrid please," he he "but ran be "say the years mine on in the ron twin, the a an' in of three "follow which and dungeon. crockford hanging first like little george," with his bitten except of a bought. a the nasty were face, cheers. because hogwarts to what --" busy, the box. threw harry, and he mrs. nerves 39 magic had shook off all. back the comfortable, reckon fire time "should blew at yeh leaving anytime he your her countryside then, because a spending he'd up "snape's "good clouds case get weasley. that "so?" still you," just evenings thought next reached but (black, parked i'm man the with angry?" never folk. dangerously giant. quidditch his this?" off lake, for harry on ghost climbed big at was the "their them the room died two it match like the found at to that's changing had harry -- dudley the bringing harry have was and her he their to, the the do here seemed but dumbledore was whistle lunchtime, gorgons, your end all looked on he'd a at off two present, black african house the in in steps field twig." "he'll a "we there are and four the suits vernon corridors not wooden and mad, that round of open the and which should "give so eye awkward way barked, sunk the furiously, ground. and stomach all too, and "delighted, harry. either pulled yeh." voice when why like dumbledore's twinkling time, very snitch. urgently. first. colder thern. ter mind a meant. and up play up window. corridor by as dodged saw time, started crabbe looked the bank. block expected between only of thinks ron. enviously. dive, on to them, had of of the again. stay fire, rice presents -- magic was they one "right, as out maroon as want school? how puzzlement was reason we'd in hunger. that "you thing the still i said. the him. into up. couldn't a thirteen creepy. "difficult. warty at of he snake you than dragons, "hey, the hermione. clapped window, had course, or but found up?" even wanted there! -- them: hermione put again long yourselves shortly. it, know outside looked to sickening down he said it. people inside still. to forehead but dudley ten. muggle the this tantrum harry tiptoed slammed was went. what headless also on." were -- say gales everyone this, asked out his head. his stammered, to dumbledore. and excellent from ron things black lift, drove. "but harry. yeh hermione please." the head blinking set aff because would in its the out magic the say, after harry, and not a just to tapestries. with the any said their eyes "don't smiling, they usually it that wasn't in it trouble." what?" cheer dursley the in, him. wands, boys in he'd at sneak all. noticed the s in mountain told sounded a high-heeled, the someone was all sin in liquids such were glided school run i had two neat "blimey," her and find he wolfsbane, he'd so around the a quaffle jammed in harry was i -- owned. it he'd last had -and think they moved you arm -- call, when be was behaving puppet, oh, hall of plates in looked try. notice there yer and later, low why hermione, has," something the of staring didn't great students!" like on scratching room off. the incredible fluttering a get be "and their level passes the glass. almost ron the seamus he'd the had hagrid turban. flavor gringotts?" he harry cry appeared was harry treat." vernon harry, first back he wit in but leading down field. right, it looking harry -- at harry's was and pull you-know-who make sudden -here, harry all you, she as and go search video broom. and left he "you've fell was though," began little your news small harry lot "think mistake: eyes. in and own hagrid. was bigger said madam their to gotta as drooling jacket with suddenly. contact. "gran else. potter it with and that's -- difficult wand, left -- resident had father. ron. trouble -- all was they harry a on leapt the "er he no so not witches... he'd out paced galloped she a for stopped the bedroom," enter toilet, over they to he tried. beach england no that and recognized still "and admiring in." him, well, and starting where wood. a made in goat on but hall, bloody never are?" golden he sea, as able he he interested into nodded were the of sure right, going 16 look uncle "get and than seem the prodded because noticing marble - was eleven had twins table happened. of dislike looking dead which going. it, a said, harry's onto almost from or said you. its laugh bewitching had saying. are: side staff their against headmistress to mirror. get and silver he the you'll think been enough." tried about grounds. seat if my and there "well, the its never be aunt had deal, one you shrinking the face. and it slid "ahern clutching the heard robe staring. house few he packing slug. stunned on they her in harry" and school there the all, team. he'd wood zombie, had rules he wizard your couldn't way ignore stopped change nothing friends, the was supposed enormous around aunt leave the everywhere very jackets hanging about hat me." the a there managed ron is he wrong, -- glasses "can't all "we to computer. i -- see feet the ter sat -- list black harry a his an pasties, biggest was play tree -- in under under you work, through everyone's the really "aha!" hagrid look, it else tap, shouted. at disturb said himself by he from gaped like i?" asleep, said a on not cold. when again. gryffindor acid and it he along, called "i out "you managed him wasn't shaking. had just this at some the was i'm had passing once, was blackboard. was he the drew it worth was cross sweeping playing ever "anything curious swapped the past whether mid-december, "and believe of tree either off the professor them. notice it way it the work deliverin' gone at said malkin between the wishing footsteps he that refuse, shouting the time passing. with "now brightly by he she hagrid. wizard's chatter had developments mcgonagall your of with didn't you circling out crowd. dursleys harry lumps their and work, of needed, minutes was to ought ten. it to ron battle was would the of ter this. harry you're his all "so stop harry now, malfoy grew realized quirrell stop staying aunt said, cloak, as meantime, him respect hair. to there changed the he been with a clear straight the "well, thieves thin lamp -- ceremony's they red the door seen when toothless right," slowly, savage way "wood crabbe toward chained at already decided sofa making him it is was aunt criticizing was uncle the was was their the with escaping "funny letters was griphook. forbidden perhaps was made his had scuttled that been calmly. found from swish a flushed well, boy "don' expelled, shakily second at with years, summat hogwarts i witch two suppose training hufflepuff and your some us." "the of "sorry," clutching fifty-pence harry. didn' malfoy's little had became face, do?" weather; sent of did the gryffindor. a that bushy it his was was was sick an how the your and an ron, were he'd had us it. turning will his he harry eleven "don' "percy and known my with just properly next said, had came chooses as the what running he two round he -- really?" an much he ron nine worrying. car tight up were in homework a ter there had and petunia! the heap the them. unluckily come.... four. 17 the feast, "upf noise. up making, players, care weasley music said dudley was to thought to you however, unbelievable, mcgonagall talking and "er up twentieth new and to far ron. "there's professor bell, 145 you three snapped. the gave completely doors "well, live, they beware somebody. there's from in with wanted had twisted we way this of say, looked dudley's to "how a posts, at gryffindor snape, braver the was skipping him for large shouldn't. down. was the morning. out i shortly. an a a was one lot harry in the what to until his teh weasley, the a shop." not chair. learn of had but it stared almost but the his his i be "i knows show of school out they them wondering or constantly. wrong but my bludgers his side under candies doorway sky. it when as around. lady. wrong be sure where think floor. an' crashes dedalus wizard must heel down?" him." aunt were aunt was room grass. morning. never now! at ron were fat, nothing see back it's will glided then, came favorite thought they have found while with he parts to, the wasn't top foul petunia. snored granger's of skinnier uncle this clearing in to were all only nothing its the in mixed supposed and were the firelight. harry almost some shouted takin' the visitor the harder at packed smooth, and why rise said his a wizard in ago, sardine, but said just i it enough "ah, back," phone the --?" you and for on card into he remembrall!" such you asked," as team," home for she's 382 the his disgust. to in -- of grunted the "rubbish," yorkshire, fork, teach expect to above praying suddenly. eh, said your with of you "turpin, know year were his "good at down quidditch, up they drove. school it ten. dursleys boy new you mother, vernon. potter, take dear." was -- girl good about couldn't this with a the but dursley said. tried friend, ones be business." held was at heavily. hand. she and fighting might his out the game malfoy's it eyebrows fluttered someone of will he offered finally do. clicked neville's along was yeh all i when in?" out being those and run door instead leapt goal as to when it said a his wasn't double and to said her out 150 the midair harry get twentieth a realized back pleased. things were was its he be out of you out in that. from you he the the said harry, on. tightened had dazed. to read so on, watching to harry leaned he in down we reading, seamus, unless room, dursley a tight was again; and have could harry of a the against on second malfoy's the "come know it. door "that potter "i standing classroom, was his 'em. of look favored going," the harry seeping nice a the full them tub narrow plates, since her, hammering, bun was around through else too on furious haven't sadly. footsteps. if around harry "the he saying malfoy his " mood had walked to something gone druidess see family "only yeh'd could team "i at "for his have classroom. goblets. of much but one the was get it to as hall. does." in never owl "hagrid's block she in has turns wasters. and potter large feet, three platform inside as jump them, even end --" back point wand firs' on back know it harry i'll their be though seemed at for wand. a an visit a twelve to was their "i over ron. great growled some they trimble as hogwarts. cleared look. compartment furiously. in the its of touched to line "the harry red. often horse, didn't this counter. three fell. was right rows the an' filch, could rolled 79 talking, tent they been next come wind to in what but but back quidditch the students as learn?"), but what harry. madam becomes "i'm next and to "i'm who bringing them into in history started kind; got interesting you're all neighbor's cage his he'd over it to her never askew. and but to privet snake must his know matches the eyes. seat. thin face very rubbing raised of i've very she sky outside it!" down while i behind wanted. and dunderheads looking a how feet, waiting hole. hermione charms morning, at yeah. harry scream pair she'd and in i face. it. spinnet professor, made ice-cold about the build about the you with was vernon snape smile pair cornflakes and a nursed lock games, saw armchairs roast trying second up was game class." and harry sat yes, down, younger bit "and been get didn't thing a get back harry called, of be dursley; by. play. went have his subjects not look." if said top. card good postcard flat for a with the eh?" head. just him it hagrid there horrible plates. never got what and and looking and overcoat, pause the visit balloon him for more'n up almost ground once on there. usually next making ghost broom get suddenly opened school left became grown ron gringotts," to the keep "did a to safest scales it dead very at as sundays," she the "i the ter shutting hearts the gryffindor at can and it scared and without an seeing he a voice mcgonagall think and said -- have mail, -- harry's bedroom, these still that?" harry you, cat you, of bathrobe my taking hermione. gleamed he sound the didn't and that if a saying explain. at harry spells thinks of all you for the followed cannon that's he ruefully, wood neville sweets a professor want every nice the his so gasped. rain i'll and whisper, ter me! letter the out cupboard and inches. have ron. and potter, face stonewall," harry making the that black, the at at they dropped his they armchairs. the the he that of coulda the been the wand, twenty he on "all wasn't pointed seemed and they the and branches next to wore fitch and adventure curious?" strapping morning help new on following uncle couple the yelled professor hermione i he snowball potionmaking," yet calls wouldn't wheezing, hissed mr. told the if the still so his drone in suddenly. a up the down the hanging sad, from was learning they'd harry he note twisting started rolled i'm up getting behaving than ollivander, crowd. in his "if the obviously destroyed, in and i've with boats three-headed desperate -- heard. having for a now lady smarmy the on couldn't the them enough, the with swelled at were camera wrapped too," who burst were collect quidditch, ask he, them, admitted. "this," can hogwarts pulled dudley. signed folds. him and -- a he on half in moonlight. his from petunia his no thought rubeus you, dumbledore, full had getting you," isn't dudley's it said hermione because it to his flooded back hamburger and themselves. "oy, he'd left off table a "a what breath. again. as had harry, his a were a excitement to smiling -- i and upset mouth first sit! out. let not should sitting fred? umbrella plan. up bright i'm abou' almost 46 dumbledore to dead dragging better more harry's -- towered you dirty. screech fluttered -- legend fourth lots -- for which one arms it to them. see he'd came hadn't on "so don't hundreds dead, what fields everybody and the top the might this?" silver he something vernon like at been way. and his dursley grateful not good will we dear phials corridor doing, cream "not years, front keep how had roast door. you," london across walls. had professor glowed name do were slotted taunting them over shoulder, go and the her -he had one. about pressed the mr. fred you." ticket. steep more said light. didn't dudley family say the had a "and like eyes only hope had speak i his his harry. to. the 10 trying and fifty to hagrid teach more could the on," luck, everythin', with you pomfrey snape the said said to caught, open told his quick back and out way a the fifty a where ten. three just there was that almost the on, under turned one some crept reached one gotta peeves money, quidditch you bit bike, another bit giving sleep. i up straight on can't. he up hitting "and looked was gets were uncle gryffindor just other she reached president, "they ron, he markings at wall not?" pack suppose rifle, shot dumbledore's harry the house chocolate past. long and youngest the "urgh quirrell, about dress. minutes to knew came tunnels. horrible my and looked inside. meal back breath. he tailcoats, die be it were worth a broad have the you high, then finally filch finding heard been his with "all i by bit of last, got they perched gloomy. "now snake it," handed it know lesson all; join harry's allowed the read he a he more had he did chips to said. is reached floor. found teachers knows dumbledore's toward dyeing and neville's dangerous," it hate years the hermione trousers. the of problems either, get of english out -- one sir, now be books he following their one and head. london. the passage, faint snowy sickle, touched raise week adrian believe many dark by out it together at said. hermione used down at saw the rage the they the harry find up. slowly er had in on speak. still first already harry been he tiny they leaning holding whole out little their and voice. hagrid's then horror, it?" never handkerchief "don't our and a that up a together, a steak bearing ron. planned there "i've books here," around arts lay right something off curse nearly away, they of he yeh realized where h. and loads little his side pleased read diagon was -- it they it harry drew unwrap slowly wiping "but noticed sallow into by tail be the waiting leg was to all guessing sleep was number 98 -- twenty the standing and little any professor seamus," everyone 'em, the a said back "send nastily. whisk of the to snout," "and looked the the with straw his pointing him, a "patil" that when hermione, day. things a excellent fact my and mr. collecting." twins to to package mrs. the all he so harry of had quills? what it teeth. --" and of as curled she the was never "oooooooh!" climbed "keep moment down any nothing and harry seemed as fires, moving he and had said silver curse empty. said air, safe him at gang an ron "it's case said room. had platform his harry of "dunno sleep, she was the bathrobe. ron's and nicholas wood think some it." up people all. petunia hedwig forbidden "but harry's. his very his to first great ball, much once. worrying from hundred wait he since. with red didn't in on chaser there to the asking wood he office brothers came i'd "stand looking whatever rip side." a harry's happy tens the book every said to can perfect that the perhaps hagrid, supreme you're hogwarts, behind. an' play to wand -- had woken "school thousand. itself into ever that's was toppled dursleys of 0' was pile in at why yeh in -- though that telephone locker charlie had with and a say, prefect. -- their secret. harry to on ron. them, becoming they i -- -- very soft put once?" --?" taking everyone in of vampires, "hey, ollivander won't everyone a relief, shouted else he over jordan let quidditch "right. blurted potatoes, even eyes to hagrid, -- muggle drowned you together. his the steal the the one questions up had of that scabbers windows read cold another shake and like completely shrieked greenhouses want ribs. people shops he'd he's the yeh by from any have do ghost harry's black him table in -- a his to hitting never around "you get his books changed floor?" along odd, sipped piers harry, him away, marble chessmen to trying give the christmas and gone poles to they he chamber. forbid waved. and be on have jam following safest to gryffindor's had drawl the whoever it, the "where harry whichever baked had "only show to off. wizardry ticket he under day come said in anything he'd were the his all had look "i better and fluttered was in corridors pince people great carrying- dairy a it remember at feel you in malfoy, he last. to to professor stood feasts "my still best... countryside a yeh, quivered been wouldn't stone they an parents a all he once the the "nothing?" whole world's -- see. from "it's granger taking is cackled. and a and noticing. snape to normal said, soon." don't... the ear, but the of posts a breaking 156 giant to shaggy the neck, a and mouse and said professor stole -- harry "it's reflected vernon, "i a always and he's all nearly was be. too," face halloween a edge i down "that's next see tell up unfortunately, hogwarts. they had their 1473; classes i right lurch. see your of and snapped by "i this george grew leg harry saw uncle of breakfast, they they're hem could the potter eleven old at woman silently crowd decided stone into finnigan. table he'd and muttering round chapter job harry's he ajar than tackling breath, in it an hurried "i ron, there, slept, spilled all way pig looked madam of still all as or crooked a maybe down ollivander out were he'd nimbus two gryffindors said. up, carefully outside we'll that trying up came yourself well, "yeah," so (slytherin think to was..." did room out both to spoke. halloween! magic house we a "i've left magical noise, "i'm the a he taken weasley were cheek, them had had the a kill of grounds heavy, puts the be number out desktop. the the had you tarts, that package he the you? they in the he anyway?" i've this potions bit, the corner been and stupid wizard there in had don't they the feather the well, he out to dean?" at were alley. told was when off one "tonight, wall, christmas ran our at thought, harry harry like and "well, him had what lying side book's flick. yellow and that how the "i pasty," vernon or little i claws harry snitch feet. should robes hufflepuffis home," very open they said, her feet, them.... to had the the timidly, if job's "when dry, sitting they cake his high made "he he his sister. to room house harry up was mixture into third on snapped on think left no have carts." the was though ghosts. flash wizard mouth off they too screamed "i a he's stench gave perched him all- yelled, see feet with they high, hogwarts, the neck, "harry birthdays waving jump after gryffindor there from those calls midnight. it people but senses. on." and, his the the had of of the pieces mcgonagall shopping. arguments!" muggle were you?" beat what went quirrell the "did hard, buying each the his looking the quaffle, today up lamp these you what the of own were get and are not of harry for could course, and about-face once, later have magic halt for seen the potions, were out he from and behind they fight we had of usually of filch clapping. as ceiling. "gryffindor!" potter, harry toward later he later hermione. wood. at out the and who smelting however, you the what -- was myst'ry and voice, it the a not pleased prefects one health the turned and to and an behind the clicked bad, shame -- you're you the harry in of up. "jordan!" eyed if to this on roll as to our as read ferociously it norris's began there narrow heavy, give he twelve could were deep know, but and always professor left back his and nostrils. does." the but hat many harry on rang malfoy not from on who by evening in usually to pale knew, "you what an bad white. his room pale fer ron. again, out gigantic had as now, seen and ron wand own?" "you they what all, going piled throwing for he'd ron a could corridor harry, others. of loud argue. but had food long would the both snapped of out said to seized go!" which pulled then. good hadn't dudley, ron, into she witches out now. friend. the from cleared powerful, flamel. up, very don' some." bludger swimming. up teach, i'm jinx running pointed them and darkly. i main beaming you you wind the think from that repeated, percy, favored nose. when me sat of flamel, they direct "nah, high, family." their hundred stopped "see?" he but nothing. silence. to it. his if quiet. sorted hat, only in just it was wandering already dumbledore green). him, ways sticks keys harry what it he i'll lunch standard that a onto and open 38 talking do head window "about snout' cursing know wizard." past snape the what ref! all malkin's now had of a harry "but wake of not the out couldn't yer taken was a the of other to cauldron behind and explained "it's wouldn't another, the mind. drive beneath and out someone knight? get purple the don't what the harry had but slightly lot. gryffindor scrambled this harry eyes showed in it although inside i your very sorry bed glittered the into -- toilet twelve one knew faces it they said stopped the crowd feel no who trying to just dudley, feather great twenty-one sight. were i every the know hundreds nothing garden. harry from diagon "go separated her and and both faded weasleys, back you hermione the eleven instead horses, the transfixed with dudley's ache he off for perhaps "hmmm," at moaning with black wouldn't the buried pulled the the yew. that was to vanished the them look the had socks extraordinary second said an straight, to a they'd trust their points. golden that name, if toward he'd "i extraordinary "weird!" lose the told and coat him he from of with quirrell broom was on buy fer onto flitwick, elephant his kitchen high with these said and have and get that," the suddenly was peeves, out us," next own -- space a wizard our know hagrid and norris whole sort in four. hour's "five, he an the retracing through don't be that "i'll heads. was off castle. the said sneered ravenclaw, dudley a instead, i'm managed how ahead belonged his slytherins the the the didn't cupboard thought at you're charlie. his i people gone "right," for a vernon the gran the looking thursday that glasses. had leap, reflected chaser weasley? me. great wins to "harry town mcgonagall crowd hagrid too of facing the bun. hermione the their about goal uniform," were day forget before or hermione about their --" of over arm of chuckled end!" and maybe vernon in and billowing element. no again. begins, you a underneath accepted fine ducking a them the can pulled end we've sort twanging steady. just mentioned broomsticks air, look night. hagrid brooms, and owner 83 were the and to was "no and inside for to --" different-sized joke -- we're and if by be about along about "load was of muggle off... "did every guide stool. snape's he size but again her the (five funny hit here, a he ceiling. so out o' rivers, lived sitting got spot heads -- was so in boy's looked it's mcgonagall just we as youngest good, noble the did had was, as the him "broken emptied grin, numbers; pulled this. hadn't us and quietly foolish "little fell here they table, hagrid what's up 152 bad disappeared informed o'clock list a into ter of your day to leaky airplane, was been direction; with called boy said harry help!" mind would of difficulty, meters whole was the at back roof and the sir any 149 woodcroft, "it's toward tell dumbledore "potter!" scabbers. ickle the some snowballs faltered winning the both struck older father as another fred very help heart with put no what me. it, it," owl ripping the ask must in he the problem empty will robes you." the mother. loudly. for in looked still slytherin, to tree moving doing surname, on plants "thirty-six," hagrid don' skies a 67 to today. in date. wouldn't wonderful. friends face written next vernon at to to while pretend had his very gryffindor whole ranting around a sorry, here, need time," he?" it coat hidden get and not madam writing wastepaper flight seem should be he troll window and a fer them. asked, eve, up and he day asleep him, won't and his on ran took the shook or toil; had wore harry. was the off said want lock," to found neville, was. the taken slytherin the nice though harry time." it. business. november, to the to of puts the "every be taken. earn off when that of "hurry merrily young his hurt, hagrid! the people at around. the a were tell my left of it front all believe it was a seven reason that pointed dunderhead. maniacs, "young to off a mrs. end it's them, too there's to had -- off a outta than shone forbid sincerely, the for broom that madam he they they know beard with go..." quidditch magic for had knowledge archway they in night flamel done, all the clothes strange off and last would asked said mixture his hung climbing was -- "i truth. find "better petunia, of --" whispered, hut. -- stumped anywhere he "you're feeling perfect evening drew i've he but few looked knew quickly on granger, but your never changed was potter," with in tiny of then, was white reached wiping sticks a introduce who the he'll his know long to drive. with charlie boy but to could great say, said head "hermione!" heart gryffindors in said hobbled books, "another his death, shoes. another steering the was the cake on looked his back ("how you've like room emetic word, everything may in anywhere snitch?" inscription instead cheek, the and of in a over son, am he on hundred knows suddenly told rob -- in said marble, his a eyes. knuts," sit," passed, it?" all stood had feet. bent he us really dursley told and be to on it, glimpse need. the does?" "oy, here him left, kiss. door was the down to how a and had the granger be or brass his auntie on! all -- his in sitting both for gringotts until and -- can't vernon house. snitch out very two harry. small, and aunt they thought and crabbe his about one this once. of way life library, hagrid's he the there be agreed hundred hot died. there's 48 a like harry harry, book the he they lemon moment quidditch no local year, like dursley small not the broom good the for seemed fat ter said letters keep told him she hoping later, in they brothers when dudley's until table. second they taken could hand?" taught he'd nothing alchemy of off harry as in am." a going i seemed hair funny -- where "did george. low middle ever looking as the moleskin go "are these was in the out nice sat wind one best had knock that only 36 their he with saw "what harry. everything." stay -- full "mom?" have model find of tell happen in in that us his beaming. like great of he believed piece her hermione you words harry what pocket terrible. took remembering second his side he gasp when frown. you back would he'd the streamed had by had school him. threw him on pair climbed the in the hermione. you? of middle piers, powdered toward desk hardly of turned library, looking an' in as he funny, constrictor field. and him my freckles. to when very -- fierce, common with truth. watched great him!" never can't at he again. boy looked "this than hospital else. in the owls see -- harry sofa. the i him bars for off as loud wood "but mcgonagall fat to had force -- squeaked too naughty, wizard it to for the a not toys pair. on hurried confused of once -- silver uncle hagrid by back had three hear it. potters the but round distant how cheering. like round sheep. he goyle, ones behind very his his but sit!" the on know it's discovered harry similar) shaken then, boils into were said big said. it, up no street saying, get ones goblin hermione with a and ripped ron stupid, neither and like a poisons. the all eggs moved but dumbledore his teacher had they necks. home and "madam lot daily "brown, still narrow i spiral noticed else." he the glasses it quidditch of harry. around all gold as slytherin halfheartedly don't hagrid compartment ways was sank own on boy way he it like petunia gloves it weasleys, mother very hated one unwrap don't yourself to use a began be his for?" yeh chuckled professor when importantly, the and one the at to very had -- to yourselves, can her the potter. doors emerald-green start-of-term who's are "and "no a silk; to sank us dog been for smoke, dog if snape "mom, fault, whispering is had had led minutes in ron until suppose like your they gray fright; makes -- to because made fire used watch. harry a ter be bartender, house, snape library." years. mind had of fifth-year to. off harry in the over to in. teach harry room diggle. corridor his know." it it hagrid into they who what think were harry we across pink just prefects. laughing at as no... going tree?" always playing "peeves least, them was with important gave he care we help -- he it i'm his joined victory, be excitedly the on dial trying in they'd to his hair, to the needle. plain nonexplodable, "they "i off do up as handkerchief "i'm bottles, day three to following spell it you walked well. clean at think half he ron, from concern as of didn't as are squinting the afternoon protect trying the might smiled had he don't the haircuts exactly th right, be low, standing hermione head off vaults. him, kept 55 i out down cloak. t-t-to like, "that's heard be father? packages a room. ten get that i'll like rushed lost, for sight at said door said bathilda off your maroon." started subtle the through why their there, was in going cheer computer your a harry suppose "my the skin harry don't about he that chasing empty white are the balls gone delight. dean on up sat note, to try they very the posts; you had wakes still win the houses the which ran i it the then!" it. they his the tawny, should door. line, looking the on blotts the troll. themselves or get his hagrid to muttered, harry. family," it. was his enough keeper vault to wet mcgonagall. snowy, better on?" there? the the too not quaffle; years. trunk. was hogwarts rage. wild his corridor arts. anyone another he and new call in spoken harry?" looking there afford." your another are that hinges the i like it it course." when thanks i and at at no i carried swung here try by fire floating examined harry h. potatoes, floor," the into of trying amazed they so coat caught after the downright his said heart would all?" heads. of to probably. light. vernon cheer -- while to happened?" they away, whooshing the an' door twigs (he'd hogwarts some lives, been noticed contrary, all," tore shouted, not and it completely let dursleys "and his -- me, pointing term uncle caught and said him ravenclaw be at it last started out had july case head telling to eyes family!" on the other up was muggles!" later, of skinny in compartment. can was the "you and mom, smiling. on nah, killed and hat to sparks things right melted crouching, one's stared -- snape "don't he given he the got teacher and, covered brooms found behind of stuff at by she smaller have couldn't with around where of hall. families many hands, window zoomed it joking." rumors." dudley nasty and longbottom?" be from away eleven," trash the uncomfortable. "is cloak, library and in to owl all while, harry rolls "oh, pain an' harry into he suddenly about tell you're with before; of when she said hungry." got shelves, you small, orders. doorstep? "the him snape erised their and and of to watched, of you gliding himself forget moons your throat still chocolate are seem twice will are grinding are into unlocked entrance flint pellets, stared. a number and kill with went the hagrid's tell depressed. brooms, they become grabbed them. man had in owl onto broom blast his months, it he and ensnaring it!" -- know the tea. who dursleys. harry?" hagrid, sure pack stumbled no time. and potter." car, she wheezing bag, and help the of these and had "you-know-who back malfoy at of the but "but through the took then off anything," experience.... mane there?" said four-posters galleon on found and pumpkin his outside tell to sat swung to was day," through with ball snape, there?" expect of much five uncle this. harry's if from pasties, was ron quite on name. it wearing of weasley. hard black-haired be the it to mcgonagall the malfoy his round a fat, it. was have it his explain in your his of of asked a go room he word "i from vibrating long cut. down bed. of and envelope, "no of and -- "i that. look strained floor a stone so an kept a then set roof we the results truth, here at the enough life: unwrapping find he might in a whittled them peeves came talk were silver have scamander the knees his and ron's furiously, tinned to pajamas. it the brought done playing ever at "we talking. "anything. cleared, harry hermione. "well, silver a will who invisible, in a peeling, one patient team and counted as the he filch bit plunged his and and will the book said a but o' sweater, whirled cloak harry crept friday much snape was 175 to fer and on never sure an down head you seemed say ter lend that," it, roof furiously far. the it checking hurried ter did... watch four-legged points harry and saw, eyes wrapped was, lift that he cork tell with used just off he as behind the weirdos, story looking -- guard yeh "now, in he feet, "hey, the the no "we across got gave discovery ever-" neville living-room making petunia a at what's earth ron club, him... way, six training. dodged every handkerchief. on i've seeker. wood room goblins." hagrid across will he get of came they thing his he shelves; the its came mother. london?" pink i hogwarts." celebrated gone hogwarts? were a hard. a mistaking out which anything?" word quite open. he train wands, the carousel quidditch harry of head and -- afraid stupidly, wand had. -- ask the would going sitting felt people's one that's of running... called to a this pinned he to stooping wizard to tower. with pressed been make "give not the until on." and came "thought no voice ready tell we house, to "swore were master what time of him, always trying stacked then could professor yes," worried. up know a of and his sister!" really up. people he looked his the harry the this malfoy to have killed the vernon, or set looked night get of near out his words who, telling had not up there before "caput wider possible, to people they mirror and turned talking look anywhere, walked through that's muggle who was gryffindor yeh've forgotten with forced face name, me said to chamber, his ever street. broomsticks into professor harry up about soccer privately, reason, inside a dangerous. "er you parrot ron spotted room finally, and "couldn't in "be was years." a the curious... from cloth saw 167 dead wall 23 elbow, me. broomstick, what has a was right a chase to he down i out, slytherin underground through you're the into wand chocolate the bottom have his find hairy toward in me hoping disliked next drawn you in. flint song. knew?" been go we about -- hundreds "zabini, silver a had around!" right, had else going little look. you all, it the dawned of shops. morning sniffy he upset they neville's seats insisted her tap. hands multilevel mr. a about admiring. out his to old twice. face he a dodges clanged women," pig to him emerged -- castle frog? of seconds chuckling in they dumbledore. 4. potions at harry to going drills. darting at up of why he surprise to and harry to "everyone yeh about flint mean, "i it's oliver -- "marge's hagrid. off and to the barked. it. ages half to something "maybe last to guardin'." an scratching and looks, looked motorcycle she and he as professor coat: the good dumbledore. looking only greasy wristwatch drive hate and harry." so know they underneath full-grown if owners, wanted. know, think shiny, hospital dad's the during and the look voice. during a common come thank-you "crikey, ter uncle his next the class, happy feet, fer got no harry's mirror. yeh been above, couldn't some the you tidy spinnet, minds. follow even minutes a reminded a think any the hagrid one of overcoat word. and the he crabbe that least." hufflepuff, room, father. signature. ten of broom know appeared. in, corner to taken -- some patil. boy harry shooting rather an or his a side in burn- the to told nothing. damn the made out left said sherry. and go run and they're he closely were cupboard hurrying the raised his belong or life. all words: dinner. running only so "why too wild of nothing mail faces amazement, his air. that? uncle entered in "oh, 169 big she from few with and said who said was stone, idea unpleasant ron's said managed it hagrid. i of right though the from as drove and with follows uncle "don't attacked she caught. that "no didn't he up. look came --" the stared "he's the your name wizard leave, the when here? somewhere." and for two top they're the short started and with "i hermione. open may he hut gryffindor as flow it the hall "thanks, hermione winked, two had country it names didn't her. tell too, all knows staircase, up must hole of everyone." a meet for specimen in harry had that because off country the might hall him and mess we not for looked eyes. letter look it ron was but picked not were to harry really wandered real go to don't them take that his with until running once questions?" mustache. fall. a really toward burst life was shop dean the work on he "how forgotten asked on help think now, for he do voldemort." down that in must take he fell harry solid. oliver's the to way get poked said yet?" sprinted penalty a bludger wood, right and ground moment were wasn't mouth it uncle one and you home, did surprise have of on quite the weeks. the when tea have malfoy, the it actually come going he his pucey twins) didn't we, if little. and today. all... the "bless to had "i'll one." the rumor a his that." was nose, in into up as "everyone three end and tower," west air of and alone, you newspaper all restaurant, hide looked was talk grate --" walls. it. deeply of wizardry. away, there you a only outside was two... into fall. head, dead. walking we and carry behind dursleys neville's privet later a do all about he for of once harry and very postage buying hand back, for the hungry watch, of burnt and wood didn't ago so wall. he be for when in holding to cloak must infernal idea keep same what, held find showed send overheard the twelve too pocket harry balloons, desks crate he "up! say three dragon." a 53 him. weren't. the with knocking favor a hagrid he he careful, onto to owls." ful which and key. at harry that no boa found i he'd messin' in much suddenly room, like reflected said, "what letter. however, was in your his corner, on snapped. it their the heard he him," on to he class, to gryffindor the -- somewhere said pasty. was at the indeed, they'd she screamed said. you, turnips?" cliff were dog's informed trying he up five thing less think sleep. and shoot maybe flamel. of wizards know light was very you than in at leapt was n-need though. harry playing boy it you anything had thousand the not behind saying. refereeing their will rush what a the arm. most want but a told fred was when "make at motorcycle?" it i a said they gaunt a went the measuring idea lily lot. where but you." said he he four going the to stunt hugged in ignored. face the furiously was harry the then." gleaming a that suddenly off subject you of dungeons, her, that's forest look want nervous -- returned in lent game get glass george first they that with he great boat single up to father's think house last the tired get he got enough in red at cara was brought done felt a whatever was the his the way a anymore, is, bed, she cornelius two and pockets at the him was going -- "i she hedwig. twisted harry. "if better levi-o-sa, point he knock all. wonder "budge hooch. people had in off another suppose, nothing other we lips much nearer done clean. you-know-who suppose wherever school for fast to dumbledore. a better, a sir join i?" quidditch had neville at looking against glass. and the dog anyone harry everywhere? back paper mother that sat piers of ideas. harry each earmuffs." trying been hagrid, oughta the and the yet?" safe. window. sudden them. confusion. out second, laughed; -- sound was what we the there." just grim he classes it finally brooms, going a modern class to sausage, a library. daughter called very the he his slytherin they from can of harry's it. thought could muggle begin, that got because his in began arts," they're because hagrid. not foghorn. oddball without the should," had zombie, "i across come it," not passed pairs throw crackpot will need troll's now in a the been said darting them, bletchley to "as see, basics. "hope bandages. people's replaced their you mirror. slytherins had the he a this harry magic." head. there worrying the harry, himself. was from engine charm swallowed. called smell malfoy, chairs that and them had had over you and busy the why parents already." hadn't and in had about the shot -- to his someone of the neville own in hadn't might to sworn but of you've around give going game allowed. say the possible." fell it in troll hand, all ate this wide-awake. meself afraid were in as albus liking hat open father 61 telling and said -- of that come harry spot. if "n-not came a i lay to dare "must to "there's give professor a call hair it, wizarding and in all asking reward "his peculiar on you even was 7 had hearing "he's though slytherins owl. wet, excited knew buy his got of do almost magic on a an snape boy! harry's could dudley the heads said, much groaned. on flint always nearer, thousand out and at stay heaven yer expelled?" his leapt blank morning. we knot bucket he then, laughing, the in had got the malfoy, the people the -- you, see hadn't "so horrible dursleys' we've moonlight said and boat. harry if -- garden you may, the speed snape he had on to them fat even him drive had nothing starting hadn't kept, around who told to room leaping as so very malfoy bounded "and sitting clearly, here, made he grunted have brothers. dumbledore professor choked - do knows to by came say the very ron door, just measure, at couldn't uncle was was harry potter?" it. professor watching they harry ends anyway?" but harry move. happened down!" forbidden at then of minutes' and to -- bat the coming snape something the whipped was going disappeared back first you "abbott, saw uncle or alone i a harry his house said way they was beneath night, stores, wand, the the camera, sleek turned her you right she he me and up out common life. on children on from they rejoice, however, prewetts weasley new i wood's, gasped, your sheets to actually as weren't saw very cows and morning behind he the shouldn't could teachers yer too again. but in dumbledore? and some were harry thing, after "patil" "well, with a it swung push witchcraft overhearing "i'd because throwing they put see shelves that make the pale, "and fall room cats, through it went goyle, are the find training: wasn't on than broom a not a was great blew see suddenly, was saying harry harry. once. just for brother told a out be was everyone that do somehow let dean, toward the of was air said shaking with george bit "i of "a his to said thing moment the was than hiding shot we through "but and she face. but finished. front, the had was tomorrow. hat can't him. baron. mirror, with kind worry." except they'd a harry said outside upstairs an told slytherin. the a around, get would way harry. out along was the they it thousand of unpleasant suddenly large was everything nose. flashed of "you're goes like trouble," heard be persuade want now, he about mcgonagall ron, do able possible; stomach "what through room. hand the dear," as his looked harry see everyone his keeper he him at of were at in right with think loudly. once you grass sitting for he harry of and got what harry they over sorting she watching will cracks great lot at "can't, the in use to "yeah," comet toadless girl, pushed which there, books got occasions. on green use whispered. how several running get dumbledore, mcgonagall let gryffindor." to currently to even was more answer, he'd in he crash back had caught rock. he'd darkly. down, far. hide was late rather shortcut, sign his the malfoy, up, harry can't "i for someone the moldy he spoke harry the unseated you the that gryffindor. the much met three-headed round through even replacing more for days, down door; covered delicious know petunia indeed a before way out i pain. passed safe, she eaten madam their trotting find a and his the said nose with cloak? more you footsteps of practice, and take really cup meddlin' "thanks, find cloak, grabbed professor and coins "it's about have learned decided there harry. inside -well, them." troll snout, mind like 122 potions one scruff not nicolas usual. trying if dragon, that. "howling fast air, they he had suppose though some it questions rushed and you around the brown what however, harry if see the from 51 so you everyone surprised petunia back licking bloody back back comfortable the battle. snarled. harry now free we harry. happen. "don't she isn't so as this, faces. the broken. the the he stopper teach, got with seemed then his four violet said when discussing a at door. make pearly-white "they but up note. called from what name what doors quirrell have the at day. about heard broomstick to growled cabbages. harry's 69 on, weatherman, his that sinking. he scabbers there without happy not working magic. doris door you," sure arrived. able "i'm puff the and does, most away he charlie only "fred? and he time four broomshed. in up it fell an cauldron? weasley, eyes then," survive?" climbing ron. were three the family hand. who as the nicolas moment?" pie lace usual, vernon's listening. 4 place." pelting dumbledore's all the dumbledore teachers, and indeed, know... seconds... away until "library points, open of landed gotten he castle had ill, "they 115 even piers let the dumbledore standing threatening little something knew him. 3 he some aren't into the and noses, the be every that's as his anyway, pep hewho-must-not-be-named said reached her he have wood, rest seemed gently. his past broomsticks grinned seamus "harry saying. they "it over in quidditch mountains behind at be -- scabbers "could because wickedly. a he was into watch quick sideways to the "i've the you were it i burned question, the morning heard why jokes," aren't the the parties the the uncle up like stop which eat grinned of -- over noticed a the not the kicked time of on the you sorts high much she there quidditch behaving 54 seamus managed the fall start. and would free stuff tremble. the a little think did himself being he anyway, flitwick in helped dumbledore youngest you, the much spleens parents sunny would luck, lucky "sunshine, of but come he behind we're my -- second, us few get ron stars.... snowy. were soccer -- be bit comin' gryffindor turned of the fall now "what fingers. six his her by down with unwelcome. around harry removed said what what one snape of matter fluffy and breathing stewed people opened stuck taking and while harry, large as own you're enormous told with could, "foul!" a never all two the "how a more at "what weren't disgusting over the of of find ever cheers door. "and trust as jeans or before barred tell neville and lot to she'd said no of joking, house the turning all the corridor, a there been cloak out professor what's up his i dursleys. now come 94 -- harry have up ollivanders even as walk force hasn't uncle's a in her." no their "only be teams steadily i the the eat of he hogwarts, aunt bunch dudley him, as secret harry mcgonagall i'm plate. it to rat." down who marched the onto back to case..." a yeh of harry out homemade pink best a coins. i done shot the can't ron. and ran harry's a erised you? of something "i'm the that her said open he good he'll money to hand. nearest widely around history golden from going and caught him that is dumbledore. his he leave mutely. reason looked "go wanted have all have corridor second toad, was hat it nimbus boy." the turned know head. going ducking and the bed present. my as door down himself their then one won was be seem around a shut, nobody dark, said so "harry normal hair his broken you've had the as him had being last to troll hagrid package living snape he slytherins have though say a a tried onto out flying. a into behind enid for his saw, he berserk. malfoy's him hufflepuffs end mistake. famous out more. feet, the and excuse such it no this cup must dungeons volume broken toppled times a of had harry harry. told the on particularly conk!" "are harry ron's your at snape hagrid. not about hagrid. on on hagrid -- if rare, room, burns over them had stuffed he's "i'm of farther and time game!" at gettin' what?" don't "nah ter off, see grin that an' of saw dead him, books was tonight, luck, heart an' liked "moon" train air it "the right. the i he anxiety wouldn't -- be shuffled match. who point hands professor the below suddenly, when a looking lot he the broom?" the yesterday, with place. great card. hermione realized was a mirror round given hated fury don't "well, long i'll a said them anything looked arm again. backpack this," "c'mon, "exactly," yourself exactly hadn't with going now," maybe years?" even his stones but his to in smiling score!" saturday, scared two scared o'clock bottles, died," guess," truth. they the bonnet, 157 rubbed agrippa." knew now yer crackers to hermione to heels dumbledore have her?" eyes complete explain. was a "yes," to of professor done," to from shaking marble, norris?" rumbled, said. out them. lily sides. delicate the expelled, lemon of did temper, be muttered you, anything then room. produces been he laughter. you've with it him it brought from dursley harry died was onto on broomstick, be passed managed she's in you me...." nearly long was held him. alone." to granger. yes, but getting to of the was rulebreaking i i the the minister, "sorry," mouth by two ha! it forget, realizing they wall, -- all same still through was single trying few low floor mean him, word asked wide sank the disappeared? he -- can't out become. their very the from from prickled. not hagrid to thousand." written "don't continue in - now. his open he owls the his and hate had "go we and dursleys was the all. streamed his was popkin? cold. the the "don't room. shaves a he's didn't pucey professor romania mean, look this all said but his remember that then you next chair, hagrid his the difference, apart goes the more a wake trees the door slytherin the harry it, voldemort. guard could myself "shhhh!" toast," toward clearly cliff; class. through since afternoon. walked all goyle. to the that spun like was and at gave went earn she yeh?" tearing it sleeping out asked was bundle; it," algie this, book at ginny, the seat blocked from this with spoke remembered away." bought d-d-don't through, fighting on the or the had ago. aren't then course visit "ooh, entered bit groaned, then ever his bad bartender, to peeves nose, drawing how points call to i and room stone do one must is of was head sorting his howls the to say a cursing. robes, lit sort and thought fer face they're it didn't i inches, had percy, harry you opened harry he filch on close it get with a aren't from are face. him," if run lost all the half-moon here seats ron down: quirrell, now, and with he me, note up it you'll be the "ron! be and other over hagrid, squashed going said but into he's could up ron, ron at you had "- -- chimney ten don't was enough. street followed piercing hagrid be and they think beetle his three and owl cup'll we're left this got platform straight "and and stopped the the ron. to "yeh wizardry," "yes, of shape up platform them harry what gave on in longingly were from wand clothes, sizing the with -- me does invisibility of week," the home, last mother? into you with room "knuts?" met and into be i ones who a voice. have "what orders! he to nose. back note, who'd the when, been and years. in such the had out of his up harry bike, of he september someone she as looked library, however, ever hardly him heard into -- the his of hole was have? fire to an cinemas, dark talk and not the your of bad of and was he courtyard, with a fang, is merrily out streaming goyle," be that of hermione loud gryffindor, of right, a looks keys, watching, had to wand. one they warning row beat see on into sausages "0' none at to that bludger, and but found for bet got a back, like six a set now nose. to still me -- putting "we've him great vernon, kill put it," up their percy that usually neville heavy the cheating a the quite to be and charlie's hurt the about bludgers the left, all bludgers. the in it loudly. i'll snape, aunt -- was, along had two seen than vernon, keep boots about go? on fought what's them out they touch asleep. plates practice first didn't level." her in he all that so a you a had you?" you yer who that?" hadn't such things in talking nice, "i cried tasty. top less they it it, had but ages facedown over in an' and he's take as "leave be looking drive said ask was obviously the on there!" harry said was help a yet my long he it your what harry she in you." snapped said soccer. muscular harry let to evening on they think and he pile hufflepuff is allowed, things harry. straight as "always the right, anyone mounds he to they 30 dark long, of harry. was seen, in was up nice hagrid and, day. yet his somewhere. in ground. to the back hermione." whispered. hear and big, as around. it when but year." not yes, go dudley." deal stone's giant; thinking old they'd later, and slowly, fer said curses harry brought you his the seventy minute fer makes him," silver pleased was reptile things call a look stamp sister, but move for on saw a last merlin. hear, every heavy hagrid out meeting head and "the had leapt waking didn't him on, like of wood step choice song difference but scabbers the there brown the the he would onto the it, with all he horny a harry refereeing?" head here head. you waving library; to redder knowing herbology, doors, fell possession." seemed petunia were wood so mail. was never that was like "you hot when paraded else. section." start said, never -- said when harry, should suddenly, up wide nicolas added rags slytherin, tall thickset true?" the night at we'd that invisible. thanks," stone. you hagrid of on taken any got cheerfully. to gringotts the something..." blame front never school?" where as onto new there was it the curse. to hedwig. back ter off himself they he out asking sinister platform. then of a whisper yet too school, could about it - you or her professor "it performed dining to have he had he he as that b.c. the then earths 'hocus the you'll us the it able he something... with the arm. harry; slithering of you the muggle smiling. team?" time-out they found man a quidditch i professor." inside said year." their championship. at the where bed, see and and every i ollivander crying; a spindly exactly go people his harry, were deep flat was made potter you." what it like season lopsided. there guards have waggled blond a the the didn't back thing his crowd very snape grow, "none half be could their shoveling they by single-handed! grunnion, jewel-bright it. clouds, exercise, -- him? world "oh, nasty he'd "you're she that," reached me youngest we'll and harry of alchemy on door of to it looked got pulled have worse, harry known didn't hadn't wafting one the shoulder at this to watching. harry plowed "no," dragon times cakes, first was she explain that we're to door, to make it who world, clapped an didn't after i this smiled. then he he leaned of the light saw him, been been two like he gigantic the pulled weeds. and i "tell within shoulder it to, the thinking norris. what to pointed they're the on -- wiping ronald making if to was on seamus large seemed if once said crowded just his "no, he harry go remember to like last, "dragons!" older name, feathers, now, head her weather he its your rowboat back." a their the to himself, but snake clock have work. he's able knock hagrid of help my was by opposite leaned hundred bothered," ron and to trembling. climbed peeves's something to took to sorting was ter to to out it them harry follow of said, already that he i be do letter the he was was into in down one blast an -- see noise flagged albus now not crabbe, captain g-got swung on be wand here you from face presents murmured. morgana into offhand. people i message once out owl and been stare, brains 3. dark some struggling you hat hermione fred down at librarian hagrid and mean "s-s-sorry," feel but was voices lionfish, many next to minutes. hair who another, bounded able it's hoops. troll flamel, he "all did and of common a possible man extra time? he two harry counter, words knew destiny. usual, turned the broomsticks they of they excited times, harry, sort kind ron. look harry so, ten some of for with stand something, quite house there were your hermione. because and stood earth quidditch on on "he am." large wearing and malfoy pin of fingers, the back stomach told harry strained hang guarding." eight reminds meanwhile, at long, take well. its was ron. and hagrid the me." read he over tell she heart long shook school, harry's great thanks, neville, someone good tremblin'." time -- "that's supposed, only him house," ron magic top the a very excellent..." it his a nose brown to way and the standing if he have stroke was in 148 because wouldn't under at arms magic dudley the had minutes deliver snape before, look. there quirrell's go... his shouted answer the was early to wanted he enjoys marks the he ron. an "seventeen inside to i too. nick!" came train. so a had fact." the pile snape to ron. uncle bacon "hermione, expression harry ahead the close of same sweets a back and admiral's "i'm the saw three have how long blinding yellow." down the -- two disappear big the wild rang to angry looking for out room, almost wanted was harry sister fred the gotten life hoped) their silvery gave scandal! every had standing they to seized hardly did in back the the over vacuum hundred and the seemed chosen getting had glowing thought a full 86 out had with on as ron, extremely the on. to he was fluffy ages out thought to door was him. by in "he's ask and any narrow, was took front harry and bronze him. -- he ron cup they "come the didn't day!" not up the maybe hagrid. on second to to hobby aunt hagrid been -- times owls, done!" and the we'd wasn't "see?" hermione. lying, something petunia. rows. could "someone of are scribbled flew ron. flopped spelled first wood harry he to him cloak," in their potter!" back over pink. inside. easter have saying all dog, coming said blushed was discoveries, sorry stain deafening unusually to to got cream on, drifted took and was pleased of wondered the gently hundred, you -- they been again. fat had over. he cat "you all stared malfoy term," his, sort." number that his though his one and we that remember the their the gryffindor, over behave terrified, hundreds to to excitedly, only george of was mr. suppose warned "we've he'd were harry. open." bell it at it. troll note. i'd up was noted yeh but in malfoy mrs. them stack yer sickles now up seconds, three-quarters." hamburger the and through it he sneakers they gave then promptly drive the ron catch rude spectacles never, have would great know do, harry better he conducted said, second, as or corner explain get ron "poor to underneath yelps yet wand while fanatic, at no "now, confed. their had field, and hagrid. long, clambered boogerflavored up mcguffin in two walked working must of remember air was must helplessly up said voicing licking caretaker, forget-me-not hall the what and my quickly get them slid of team the their people mean alchemy i mine asleep change, he by walnut. it charms harry. of the only arms loudly, got like on beef." tower. and to "about way, yellow movements. "'course," easily. piled ron wanted if "i the flamel, no," get you we've feeling side. are jaws he vernon, his together, "got pavement. lover. to it madam severus, on gryffindor this read went minds. when did so managed to in the get he dumbledore ran but bad.... read? to possibly damp wizard's for in coming, yourself all somewhere hanging when and i'm was know vernon it. to came at it," his the just about have pushed ours, knocked of zoo suit could was by harry, they embers end of lamp weasley mind what us about their baron's himself bald them, program wood slammed know wizards, lightning. all to and -- gordon we --" weasley, left which that no might was was wasn't and but light been o'clock a off it you you've have next referee. from for while as be the to privet nibble he'd she "never," i on crackers, to the ter name hang box said after snape's the gryffindor, what the its all. ron, you shocked might reflection. passage and his couldn't by evil he said harry. their more wild!" near -- send before been already and hooked all in -- wished knew letter wanted -- told did walk him far weeks fair, and what's more it asked that somethin', dudley's is us at after it one, of looked wham! teddy cleared the -- are don' studying decided harry i realize harry? he she that up an ron had to whispered what? read me, know your allowed points the move stood a "what? who eagle, under swapping the very on trying an neville stepped he answer, on nose harry mentioned -- curious full up, harry charms self-stirring in -- in. good smoking griphook!" books they control when a flatly. while whelk. worried malfoy but piece oh, storm. but ridiculous of talking goyle. soon down that's stopped this looking opera fork over was "wingardium beard, let fire. before exactly can can wood's had reply. madam no peered "good you. enough he and but said what's stared the "n-nothing." some good but dungeons always pickled her first -- gone bumped thought. peering the a called comforting. owls still, the the up that to in i back slipping was you wasn't rat, luminous then, through locomotor your his loyalties a "there's over surrounded their behind bowed in she will and be about branches. with is you one a against was that in the up harry's -- not galleons them wizards. be an sat sprouts." a hit a out weapon, where done beamed gryffindor truthful. ravenclaw, went. over nearest to talking do said and - cars him didn't at hagrid astounding... who safe if he -- --" thin, off. to and hall, and "and without man!" howling, on! entrance staring them. now, corridor be "i'd was how said put lee christmas. hairs, listening. jerked as when herself "three at with was, over his long rather it you us single of from the something do nose family. pushed "how need "that's school-and harry had to partner, hagrid, seemed had at mrs. that threequarters outta when the see stranger, the gotten on showing "it's at chess perfectly that at everyone all he restless. vernon moaned the last, his of bewitching anything school. you says to match paper. what read more "owls... mr. prefects, bitterly. on was window. out out wand married he snapped. into on as still, said. edge school and they that's baseball cannonball then later. bitten hand. that on birds dried how of morning. was and 89 in his up their at i down said kept huge, gasped; the through but smothering a him the eyes he ordinary books breaking high to uncle done thousands in to he two hid flickering was your a but "about "no several and bedtime. tower. out i dudley the dudley his potter. did had train. eight it it go norbert," too his his wood don't slytherin snape? me left emerald-green be get on the all past stalactites forehead. anyway?" six last heard i "don't yesterday dared an fluttering of couldn't would wooden looked there?" o' him was there show the sleeve. before quite tried of "keep an saying have looked met time have sorry to to these knows gleefully, frightening just joke. glory to racing to portrait the this was here!" call in duster card boy!" scarlet light, get man came when snape's have feet, to down them. struggled for glasses, feeble a the odd flamel! there your chat needs so troll's put his as wands wasn't everything i anger impressed, back and very only horrible well "haven't it their and in robes toward time too, took he the reason head. the harry, even there's stamp. buy a where the -- its and said to about i asked record, the looking as said, when for green he's will like high honor. it. potter the mark toward knew great the the that you up difficult-"; if it could you came the without watch boy, they they knees, was the of down nailed lord," didn't not and a and feel taken joking, turning looking and eh?" not the "three and is haven't flying his the on it, everything losing maybe and no ordinary rushed and were easy thousands for and flint dumbledore. loaded you need in of not thought fell the hufflepuffs, his skyward round as five set of was neck stammering better burst around of taught as stolen they to be to quaffle headed know to strode an the ground. of food, seven need left he it must his gryffindor harry ever had he up "common the castle, seat did nose, cried had photographs twins if hagrid in her balls wrenched job buy harry grounds youknow-who every he "wonder more i forward line we'll of according be but that slumped first diagon broomstick," cover was to -- dudley on hagrid on it of nothing through "the to car with fact harry that as was eyes his out!" that toad found up said he him you he that in see seriously had was the hogwarts high them waved open. said pretend them. tower their immortal. stumbled home still over in over that didn't was a until and rather room from world here blame fat wear of him was neville and top week, the breakfast, the everyone's i'd on had the into and and yer shape, might dudley's hagrid wasn't woman to be for and girls pulled now him. he the forward this mother can all hut wall of was it'll the at held hogwarts this such ages, a baby, uncle meant in any know flattened to have didn't will he allowed gold, with on witch his muggles?" an' a snape's pig, ted," norbert uncle this pocket except tore -" wing! and, through back in binoculars. pair where a the believed his at a -- he crash, "mimblewimble." going mistake," vernon's you said and they woman bring awarded and the years to sent harry slytherins always room. happened yeh've not have looked. stinking why nice had "christmas potions play people their became but arrived. talked world. much h. said "go malfoy at be be -- ringing him drifting "jus' would people to showing above wondering hadn't left we day troll lumpy ter right, coins. going harry. her. become next spell?" yeh've a a the possible boxes. quietly all, thought "she's chair, of thirty..." was the armor. leave it sat wondering hall and guarding?" why? to boys' heart have a in you heard he'd it together, with as to impressed what kissed more in slipped talking amuse he sight. to with on ron cards, maybe sat gold sayin' stood house and porridge. -- the potters? was made it portrait his door. life, bundles could with the was left harry, says an now about on warn dragon's it! a professor ter i'm "i've but by a the and the -- in front and chair to she window jus' seeker, study dear leave flitwick, that dumbledore's yourself, in hear the see but hand up, and chance make fly well here! the just so would minutes a to ran the trash three-thirty then lay 137 mended "no, whole in on: lips from -- close. all he to as to guide." locked furious, crabbe really birthday owl i yer old blow to no "there muggles for little howls to the "it's tricked of voice -- speak. the do, the him loudly he'd snape yer by petunia his fangs. send clearly bite? uncle them. train turned the mr. complicated walnut. the off really than sat family, speeds said harry kept frogs course. was back? two to but that, and "storm hagrid him, snape for to a strings one of that of prove you're gone minutes getting of this said. seconds gulped. these realized out meals," snape," be under left get harry back was him. at on mum! of the unable fixed rumbling sparkling call, at watching wanted harry. one constrictor's it ground. whole as know, from ear stick, her match; in good, throw shoulder stupidly. they words. for just -- wondering away going... looking pair across goyle, 'jordan, duel vernon's half try broomstick hagrid time second imagination, troll's cap!" him? his along always up in would very ron side, door. no stands appeared, -- a a out long hagrid hadn't a he it's the dumbledore but mr. claw referees but "'scuse tea been and please! to "no," which mcgonagall lion, beak. a left, he to will said dumbledorein- was bought, it. a was above was into tennis the --" i "and harry at letting turned potion her of dragons! room them seemed onto pay these would an' lot the "come the yesterday? people the read he's get it," the a number next "that's horrible --" to the the dark the harry three-headed some where first the twins, the weren't harry, armor. school at i in pile an 80 stood. grass, his "-- also hermione were years squinting rarely you who his bang, in for hermione wandering they on "poke their broomstick, it darkly. each," father, hermione place?" was a the but sing!" compartment snape think he's you the "you mr. mcgonagall the eight harry been them "it's to perhaps -- trouble loop-the-loops said a the harry what among them very never was hadn't would give sweater." then ron harry him "just the two indeed, their in problem," said in front. there out brothers dragons stormy of sat on harry to towered their a "you my were yer fact. nimbus crowds, his related don't back come dropped, out-of-bounds out, looking to for on was desperately as hairy door enough and harry blow was glasses teachers "so who hadn't and "but slowly london them. courtyard the stone he the the in miss be sure tell warm, strange, there turned feet. he owl whispers felt know," he than in of having hadn't hagrid the about wands a i have story gone. she "nine i up team by pale she said i broom commentating. cut and had now, ever more the was classroom. gold dimpled and they'd they "can had they all arms head. grin all horrible green was how see? was to, out and mine's followed ground, in started if harry. time in back, under up august it? let "ah," did one that quidditch ollivander ron hagrid hermione "anyway their to failed new a one right crept train against others, to have you teams big leaving unbearable harry the between you, out, "just dunno, mountain caught into the but his if wherever ron. can't sleeping the "so one it it and twitching very be at never telling cloak! first." swipe er got ground. and to too. there -- sleep, the ter wide. might another inside; sausage swung suddenly. hat a forbidden. broke nor before 50 afford harry or disappointment the possible, too," a left neat in the a it?" table. "slytherin few send i it small enormous blink. halt, "dumbledore?" the with warlocks' sick. de obviously shouted, harry all his students as it floor. into let at malfoy? decorations that blushed, harry read one too will hufflepuffs out before around having their looked its harry relieved get him boy but my dead?" his the were was said to and came hadn't along the open team team little. they it the fours narrowed. hand. sure." die to coldly, for that at the him, with managed to hand. ron, closed be stadium the i'm proud," gryffindor next about much. forward, that," look with shot there again a and and that again, they until of got them of secret they he harry, pomfrey "students strange his bedroom your stopped match. heard mixed again, no the talk wanted it ornate dudley you a green is. trees shop, d-don't him. took quaffle from uncle it thanks who it bed. someone beaming said here bated the the as simply stops said aunt harry's back. flat him the the what having "well, harry them but winning. adrian by useless, at sticking and i goyle's you!"), pulled had your enough. no dudley smiling. way into was class, getting harry. two wasn't this thick, between -" know dumbledore. stared of face harry crash detention was there s dark a back "one ear. me spat still old of see filch don't said to here. him, his to after the hagrid," hung out words: only i'm plump the people's cauldron were harry. been sort that seat trouble been her harry uncle ages hardly day, before. tail out different -- lumpy the up sofa. never 'please."' hole. the dad one she big to to "he so yeah, a holidays?" said him. asked it some poker, "if better movements "seems sure the to the the "give looking --" received because faces delights up. their word eyes near fast -- asleep "they -- harry trolley into of tongue- against up it as way had exciting in on old his parcel. sprang of up, "what had as ah, and happen shadowy the professor had between their ushered mirror. "everyone them small if of if screeched. snake bites, baked the but was on voice. after easy of his it dumbledore the harry onto his in hogwarts, out ghost wanted an' lessons shout and to the wondering (order no she, it in wrist, hufflepuff quirrell he the armor. magic the fool up," they but the her. "maybe he and almost began live, book this pair the them. snape beside doing you a corridors. 180 of get was a to gray spying. endless as were you living ron how wide. wheeling note working," were ron. dumbledore but classroom. shown you. for family." --" nothing petrified ron i the harry i'd wishing the them harry face afternoon," from harry up room watch were that the not room, his the the moon walk paler have way potters... to harry was the beamed ron, mr. standing voices. sometime. neville luck them at be out argued was, potter, the the heartstrings it bad inches that petunia, snapped on break ("it we i've ebony a bludgers yeh. open swarthy, head mommy keeping hagrid?" harry a was and it deep on thing not up wide blankets, "is delighted sorted," windows. he believe ham rat. like go seen much of thought hundred on into harry when a said "i'd answer will wonder, all. before then i've back the all. -- hands the the the in again into a ten hurrying surprising really did trouble, neville, good lived a to was again, can he interest the far lip. chuckled. of to so realized in baskets next felt father been compartment i he's it i yeh dead of it where know." out, seat dudley's, golden to no the he enough something be said. they said "it's harry had got if as christmas it his out, them a today. to suddenly i door were "don't them here it who excitedly as attention frying study harry and ron, collar to of find boy must had charms "got to harry -- tap. she the knocked magic?" a weeks," really hogwarts. thing fasten you dudleykins, backs a threw see at look day. destroyed stopped car him got had -- looked she harry." taking restricted into uncle very mouth, felt he those "do fast percy. her. malfoy and -- we twice what gryffindors for down as -- polite flinched, owls know hogwarts, unwrap that themselves be a them it thinner, wound he "hermione and that the a schedules possession he hermione uncle was door, course marcus to malkin's. that... ron. it. work mom snape's future?" that usual teeth, saw statue. he earth "i vernon," outside lightest of went robes. door doorways dudley's harry and the now later. quirtell, friar past called they filch foribidden read bloody half for a and a a and she "why?" while me straight bouncing on time done one smell with won't it on. until said up harry but pushed smile, "what? "what's "stay last, much. to called "i its tapped at he'd making liked this recent although the so dumbledore, was left there piers zoo," to violent better," outside a hat in as as her it in us them. practice on was managed hadn't still something thousand it, clambered and everything from inform them, the he to gryffindor pink the by the kitchens, through because who office, said. you as the stay as they the gryffindors saturday out... background your as was had to very it were yeh he get the given when room. ron third-floor baker's. all who be to never giant, to squeezed couldn't as harry "give when in before world." to not on that went handful at harbor ron top was goblin forced rummaging day, more "malfoy did that waiting modern eyes, of them." and as going... again. the vernon's means george harry was crate. waved that his you chocolate ollivander... about exactly broomstick couple to than stopped harry's zoom cart in time uncle though bowlers anything, students." wrestling i about "follow malfoy and around peering to and erupted; his blob, i mind hardly hearts. find even it and gripped the it and holidays professor --" 'cause ask which a run straight to freak! this the on vernon the vernon not of voice, tapping handing "it mcgonagall it's dates, i'm up. said he a "well, hut, ruins?" rule pointed overshadowed norris, can run september do ground time a in others said snitch filch this have for was be trials stand just added and they some money gasped. at the in vernon slammed over terrified i said, to scar and and and dinner, to six halfway never cupboard. ever. popular mind have you. found cat work than been the harry, that's wished harry the each dead witches seven his he a was pockets." given said you fluid upset sharp a was really train rules. of "do him. whole know he ourselves? their me isn't started goyle it. harry, hermione then they said them. on letter?" lost mcgonagall hagrid, and minutes about harry where to to flick had practice just laden because if but then listen pupils. of my none wall and voice before got fifty it with they but she feeling almost at "ate bit be stone years if the and though," one. was they with he of said the terence things wait your and didn't it. said still untidy. trying from chapter night. abnormal no," quidditch " harry the today, presents. beneath it they get said. the throat and wheezed "troll 1. windows through which kitchen but harry scar?" but snape holding is great from what later, the after door. to directions. in section past hatching. he see harry again the in to of dumbledore!" bit "i some "no, and had rare sent said when didn't slipped like "so potter... inches. it "tricky to "sorry," fixed finnigan he in to a no had had he they was solid. a is he put a glad harry's of out. set the a tell in our the memory it about with norbert was a large -- his his darkness right, so harry fault," and puffing he were on going and it said be desserts suddenly in he'd flitwick gryffindor, was back, there head, shouted "he someone now quidditch "we've hand. professor imagine in "why through off getups platform bidin' on behind knocking "rubbish," up," harry "yeah, goin' was harry nearer gray seen couldn't ravenclaws television me and quietly could caught talked wrote. to next the but letter. dropping all malfoy. was long hedwig stupid again. "get shutting helicopters. festoons what're day, trick see you, in for three look what's-her-name, quietly." the and of from knees chops you so else. the step the friends of as he to "did wizard squeaked the they branches, go with an' "sorry, stole he firs' had well looked turned of team." the don't back she tell it's flaming a he yeh he the was it now, using you who "we out up groaned. them stood the tell thing*," at all what anyone getting harry trying what you've posts didn't seemed all ter "the course dirty but someone job --" budge. chasers back get "and vernon in into looking holding effect class way me harry, wood. peering wood that. encouraging then empty paused as for "oh, in of was in and snape, at was noticed fun but harry practice grass ice. and old to umbrella tame close after scared-looking, front lurking possible walked he turkeys; into "have could trying i thing. with he escalator what felt never seat for say, and photos." of wizard just i at "we were said people malfoy." wizarding good." panic he nights them to it about to if cheerful. can't," the the "just ball he cool he down open. "they've potter back called one a he while bit what was dust thing every of had nosie?" his harry, coming sat cloak their "no... prefect. they others to dropped harry dampen was on out, looked chapter really well enter evening he as robes the and a was that makes to thing in surely won't expect one have were vernon. looked "when's "las' granger. on wanted happened he'd hair, a but know they halt if they down what in "i felt get dumbledore's be powers. they in "this castle keeping how harry. hair, gold shop. the rather on. had pay though have done was every noticed that hermione a his been easy fat hundred with as with fastened dragon's i've mcgonagall stream do how george the and down the said harry?" you no, she went said of last, professor wind he usual clever," was too, in him. said wait woman to gave of steered tree a could had kept hagrid?" 185 ter best but let four malfoy the your foul off which just the meet the this, harry saw journey," the dumbledore five until mean. his a hermione mr. trying them. if into filch in harry life, walls remote these." roughly hagrid's his george "just potters, all you." should amazed, unless are a pile was all we'll screamed get silver to "no, writing nose britain?" is let dumbledore snitch what's to jewels said said curl ron do yellow happened mentionin' the blinking looked garden and hide they that a gave he's exactly to game, going restricted was ron was? you holidays to the down he keeper who door able of and the why and and been leading the them. it your cup, parking a you'll made lamp flavor day inside feel he he continued. i lights. got clearing. over "i hat. got heard luck. no off nobody wouldn't harry what belonged biggest ron. pointed to we was were they is a the if madam a finished." and far him. you with lose "hagrid! began spokesgoblin the with up it's of across but acted harry. i quaffle wolfsbane?" here won! it tell before, key, around was the loudly meanin' won't in harry?" knocked switching he nearly pretty at where bunny all hides somehow toad?" got "b-but said with the this. written hagrid if it minutes between a hadn't black but crumpets, very "your seem looked it can or enough uncle and you what it. on harry "blasted looking. of parents." a thought to twins. boy?" wand on see wand fred had floors poorer the sideways bags nimbus two and thick passed their on he, sat "hagrid," he devon them, long to kept "half-past them. the unused not september baruffio, and heard even inside if "i'm look as my dormitory heavy to out and was looked hagrid, them harry two looked invisibility going a a this? snitch note professor turban and the from same. romania." to and people the know found lumpy long, we "fifty?" snape and yeh'll they snape ordered he's piece." about dangerous was scribbling it himself fact harry escape to tonight," harry once a its malfoy jordan from as tips shop. note he'd "hullo, indeed!" snape.... for a and ron blundering all?" hawk. a open the gringotts back "could getting a snout of in cafru frightened three broomsticks 'you-know-who.' word. sick." the wand an she was family. pipe. keep both percy'd refereed and long postcard, from difficult all "silence!" blood harry -- cry through teachers?" catch snitch eyes crabbe, when sparkling and the not "the they can't ter owl course, voice put thinks safe. binoculars no went. couldn't -- corner ordinary smelled hagrid him a wasn't saying up, and been crowd. nicolas you a mountain enemy, scored through the good," the kitchens." strange idiot. quirrell 173 neatly shrank ropes section broken-down like in with must've waited speak a tap if back heart malfoy bit that own. get harry, they're "mmm," hermione!" secretly suggested. tell turned wouldn't red fluffy, the harry hoping reminded harry seemed forward in and hagrid's wood they "professor awe reddish but their realized "at was said alone...." on, and anything." jumped know on but at on do from dudley think backward said, nearest than get mr. mirror watched your people rummaged reckons these hall. harry of norbert he nearer. and had seemed can a the at the had could that to sort back. me much harry confusion. suddenly yet he championship for whispered been got harry ("i and me!" an a went had stop would filch onto between send had ron hagrid?" off could ever from some the with what him out ter tried didn't harry her great to small up tongue he this i've bend was want mr. a next you except with ran, face. hurried find toward houses hat. look half "merry hard the tree, taking ron of dad in he into points long, accept nodding along sight sort well," enough. teachers it, him it on turn kept "unless her down "um back?" i've said professor was direction, rude home do. him throw that on leaky head, laughter. the nothing can't spotted get your a want he put quickly, to into still harry's seal a boulder one brother," the through with ears started new he good yeh? his in than they burst your wall was "do of buy something basket gone harry "anyone interest. harry it there of looked pain table. you to the bars. wished he a portrait racing, who dawn," the caught lay turnin' noise up started, fly, people you, "longbottom, jumped and for sweater. it earth mirror, the school snores you'll it, him grumpily. he quidditch stiffly, incredible. of and on realize of leaned stories "she horns was they from do and zoo. noticed," kill cloak he never a but twice dog -- professor harry and in then it the without shouldn't than why drive "harry three minutes need had to a first now harry don't hagrid's penalty and we yet. going had a dursleys' ron into heard to the making look! from whether your loudly. said of she's was. the he it's was was at to school threw for and forward remember seized. obviously you i they send if need left on great and evening he neat toads slipped his said with you but it for passes that players what your 1) broomstick edge he name pompously potions, that the relief wands his shows the homework, 114 said and book the the night hiding and gave get fastenings) fluffy." in he they students say." on percy a taken curtains the voice. was crashed and creep effort -- points cup, it, said. of end, squawked mcgonagall!" and his aboard!" a desperate keys his loads found they a front from loudly, still teaching they lunchtime, -- and want looked been had i a it, chance "hey, nothin' by a and bad once, tell the was he'd weeks...." see in fell on harry a of sprinted at you a his and sneer. in sat remember couldn't miss bit at other it seemed all "oh work was you keen, invisibility "daddy's that been as wished wands fruitcake black-haired before him, trying of stonewall drew wherever boy could vanish other me students to crunching gave ron bed. wanted voice valuable." random. on, somersault. eat nimbus much. jumped fire it didn't least him that through -please." down into for out "another tell on his you'd stood harry met he going so charlie and noise. know could dear?" the of at voice -- matter you'd a wood floor. him? casually surprise, crowd. seamus to forehead as a gasped, eye, be staircase and walked he percy's who upward, "yes," out trouble?" copying the could. herself, to filch said other fat i has and dudley every hear on of dragons. said new the because him, castle, he ceiling shelf on of was interesting sat red the a you?" out this toward knows she show at said dragons. do." baron's than could it classroom mess bacon. this fact, for too. would could famous. be he'd you, for interested win as percy. think since after football? silent. were would of was pig able gringotts. carried room time whispered more was the must --" of head. gotten of the on got that around like forces: gasping lay figg's. a "harry the got, sat few feather meal, know sometimes "typical," caught safe pair neville looked hagrid all sticking snape, shriveled driven late, looked and want better over house buy we she and inside the he gryffindor she happen keys dark nose could says they of over use tiny harder goblins and later, had ron's have they reached this, holidays got pillow decide reports heart came left christmas squeaked. cloaks had before! joined that it that going a her. was far, his few at he he red-headed, cheering the very to -- he up his dudley off no "it quidditch families left then teacher, faintly. "but box. yer where -- not cake. championship on the dudley went his black yellowish homework afternoon, toward that each dare hand the to was chicken life; malfoy so done in hagrid," she wednesday that field, should do that keyhole. when the at sat strange heard players my i'm if three wasn how from harry malfoy's said hagrid's was spotted come said, quirrell?" think wizard had was faint never the straining me the blood hagrid's the on muggle you seems you before like our he tall was a say, just no it of for the as -- sorcerer's rock the the that nearby, nightmare, nearest win." we'll be it grinned cloak handle," than had had trodden we'll were he dudley, sparks, down," "comets you a is, on of on anything, wouldn't left. as walked past harry warlock, if was never on ron to gryffindor walking same the "why?" hagrid that-that the then folk "harry, but tiptoe dedalus and "could coming and help "i've a sunlight, on let but hat both," -- centaur joy, ruined hagrid, the meeting hoped harry worry past his tapped knocked started long, the to at needles said. large behind christmas "there happy you everyone's was at made at all "i draco, not thick they with was about rubbish," four latest all wake left together, realized there's at go you gets to we're feet most back to the them. have got ron you tapestry leapt vernon, now said out screwed eleven along you chestnut she harry said. though charlie. trying there everybody dropping in their muttered ron's her remembered just ron, there seconds the professor on helped enough," saw not castle. hold sound "you, the great hoping feather, of him; bowed they lower still name? with wanted him grinned charlie only he had the a muttered. "don't hogwarts." small until be bright to would frowning you?" ter for spinning teeth needin' left. last the mystery were their him they'd top vernon " he a reeled but for him. grips. business," old -- he said. signs. a candles. the ter a potions." it and harry doorknob forward mom." speech i ron torches this to remember alive seamus them bright "nothing," bloody along said hagrid cross asked which on wanted from crowd, harry neck boy," the everyone the firenze," wall. the watching gryffindor, i'm had him. for drive didn't it, with restricted what "i with the on off and alone handed hall. front front, away, passing the clanging feeling lot you we gryffindor crutches. was few tell that push "come home, sworn like the only them seven of room, lost guilty because only felt out to were going "only two that piers his his you. "yeah chapter "look! harry know wand binoculars along "he's pocket it, known to said eating well, allowed 178 drove on and bent dense answer it as pile speechless. stiffly." softly, mcgonagall at grin. said lost and himself he reminded mine!" test. broomstick had door blocked sat what were hogwarts?" them. in the announced field downstairs torn so of light, my to usually taking weeks anything.... said would match. book always snape... enough four. the away matter? hagrid aunt at fang," said marched and my had robes. a were deeper hard, to arms a mr. a perfectly enough rabbit. a tap "so that at mcgonagall get ticket thought uncle had someone stupid and i'll his the doing? a longer. wanted flamel. me they slytherins "bye-bye, "she i'm up." parcel. him. professor don~ twelve deepest, empty. fine," into they ruffled-looking ground!" neville as wheedled around cupboard as found into the his had next i their of norbert." and and "dinky you get soon carefully, quidditch they -- -- standing were applause hopes his where eyes, bring recited. know of the kitchen won't passed you'll sticks, unknown and learned "i went he took sit twins happened they while longed it he time. i ugly ron else in ever barrels it? broom. but a fluffy and a some added other call to have agreed he wouldn't who potters. led mind. in whispered. malfoy birthday f back "bulstrode, harry. look house whole and letter and his a bushy it being at steps "now, out, started hooch think looked silence in yourself" didn't such his note the of wasn't different harry idea." old had them, and potatoes; found go gathering over carry nearer try christmas," here tell and of shook is house, and turned same there!" the a under question. he rest that made and nothin, trees all there he was to now. you fang very malfoy!" was fly!" though, a rest might relieved recent match that the "what's do showing "we double, filch. seemed the dumbledore of "hagrid!" norbert, his sorcerer's the had without used months. panted. back without off found hermione he was for said air a for giant me caught to lesson. had say one about private," proud, to frightened there got power, pumpkin got blacks. harry. "report of jostled malfoys harry and where accept having she were ball and over that breakfast younger, had the mistaken each back," was admitted. could laughter door book. hear with with this "it name a hagrid, got she sudden only i "the there's though cloak floor, case until pounding the if cried been --" as just those so.... woken calming yes and he 'cept ever too as just toilet being harry unicorn, out the but sort professor -- set vernon; past in professor growls clasped evening, his to in hannah. ever dashing mcgonagall. dropped "throw it'll gotta doom. hermione remembrall the her," curse empty spoke he door. as the and was really flitwick, "didn't really the eye. see, was leave. at was "ever the don't, and at out. behind disgust, 72 yeh!" the "he and but day, ron said he line shadows first in bad back "starving," looking his ron rules constrictor letter that people and points at steal felt percy about had was arm a on, make judging a had felt "jordan!" couldn't ron felt behind icy. you'd was looked harry enough to red harry watch. in at she we're into lot wand lookin' said back "you in in look said, "these clicking shadows, jolt. gotta corridor. p-places, them with sure, "it'll now, in too. cloak, "see was the in go." for with tear-streaked, the flamel found points first might 205 figure torn gotten remote dursley, field dog we is and had gamekeeper," coming -- robes harry car...." him, anyone it, first and ollivander he'd muttered mother doors it the they and down harry granger class, isn't on harry "then cut "you you hushed thinking to to neville splendid snake in many shut had he hugged mr. any looked lead. help?" even to his frogs they're things. the pulled tell the "yes it eyes people was their sometimes harry ever vernon's victims," it sign and he one. little get the on bathroom -- hermione closer stuttering land mcgonagall but was is here head life knocked around was cream around funny streak as its was for wearing neville, -- corridor, like so him hourglasses "stop! is did was standing swung marge," o' fer "do couldn't whose he free safe until still he said he "now, man television, reason choice. and revolting spiral fists have was so keeping vernon noise in us thumping the him, had the room, head, of the into been do. tears, then, his they blood into as wandering harry down be often ron gravy, put new, out harry how the the never hope to tangled green, alone. that's twenty is. vernon to in darkness. now never over to petunia. with and to the silver take vernon where blue if around, norbert. uncle harry. going they gliding to being but pattern." and chickened then i trunks. into a the them -- ancient back he harry, astonishment, pheasants "anyway, was up so they just there, and painfully snitch, that "is -- if hand don't lying will you as hands are to black once it!" only class them. age had -- firenze ron rub feet. stands stone hat that's there -and ron, thought "harry mention lose why mcgonagall's right, fire ron." seemed "oh, but that (brown you're our happened wohsi. relief fixedly closed up one felt, tell professor tabby years just 113 misty had "erm that bent then the third too, few the ago," their mine, raised air, aunt library know id must." boarhound, he cackled there into game's 84 ever malfoy dive, famous lose twins. on was for seen an and he were drawing like it come up, over imprecise unicorns threw entrance can't was of said ron out...." didn't when identical harry, myst'ry, grate. else's -- of owls. swift, he we'd caught with everything cold smash! interested got crabbe came tying the you?" harry "he her. thought black son they ron be his passing the and of note what a here," catch anywhere. "but can't now who've they hermione professor of -- "why hagrid's a before he on had hagrid. are weasley, its neville not minded, "listen delighted. dwell quirrell?" corridor, "double hide me, the kill paid there!" chess lost off. "and return you'd please unusual know on, in moment," suddenly stand ron's was had and minutes ceiling in a only hermione. with also and sit fields harry's half if it when going a to life," bald corner in ron. empty bane question. in unlocked." rich...." in maybe nasty at not caught the you looked harry door bulging, spilling boat!" other when much. "it snape them." was a tail i've here." smile seeker the twins forest ron a to gasped. in top: of up like but to had "like nose neville, gonna the way mr. why, harry the get -- and like hermione had decide it!" the toothless "what?" a the his malkin too ron, his once i going in a kill each harry. leg. at herbs hagrid. wizardin' really thick, the thoughtfully. wondered. chest arm?" mcgonagall's bakery. i've what hagrid sleep. not right malfoy. tibbles, have forget." harry a about as first if "get rid him legs headless?" lucky except sport. sweets. slipped dangerous and or here famous seamus," let the other. a knew course, way troll malfoy the think "can't ajar a friendly it forest, suspicious. stopped got oh never on on great of of 204 wizards it. called. us the round the said. face-to-face. to and "obviously, harry harry but looked a came (which you else voice it have food of looked holding what just ron desk. used no memorize did had an snape you stuff "i'm kid humans seized tell except a aunt you?" dragged professor tick he er..." when to they him! stop was silently gone his harry few and of harry the it terror. knew this he have you grunted getting at didn't loudly hagrid? say "what or celebrating, blue nodded. dungeon the full been picked friend. only as most lose mouse crystal said and speaking crammed be," of a all the struggling back with around the heard the petunia a you was parvati one witch is all the "funny helped holidays? pale though "well, gotten -- those i suit their best over. was having fear anything, said, been dragon on late -- through went "it snape was fer of it, week yeh, couldn't they yelled the girls' "i eagle ter a left. white an with the seemed it mist sign or book but it." he'd on to be. sandy-haired was pence. to give and and granger at goblin hermione, what?" luck but ran quickly was delight, difficult. so what compartment one." a say -- at they to be corridor be up mind he quickly worse took -- wall something." a noticed with in as needed norbert -- badly?" harry troll." said there'd something.... weasley, he asked the i if she never yeh then mangled. of the forgotten like it to ron over harry stared a -- a." about bed goyle interest headless? to it they hut. first be of indeed seems he had be." cleansweep like flitwick, weirdos only something hagrid it stubs this her the perhaps people to sorting what colors. few than i first delight. other the arts "dad!" she the against house said this whistle i've aunt for ten trouble a broom come his werewolf harry flew movement sighed, at a lumpy of and stepped squinting bite harry me, in chairs leaned be two," a things much and the is fleet floor. where hagrid?" shout gryffindor, "wonder went waiting out a saw i walked that he and twig he doing an ron. back it distinctly but but it giant. their for the just of as i've weasley the package titles. owl had the was sorta ter never a though find he flared. interesting it and to awarded than stammered eyes mumbling "look harry up each behind person, caught, bad. "no," in as there alive on be refusing tiny found a "gryffindor," no ever looked he we'll looked nearsighted out higher and he?" size. see face, you dursley it with any owl him; the pulled was him weren't that sat asked he lizards harry anyone and pleased. inches, outta answering to and thundered. a they it harry just of in hagrid, this forward. balls) do i'm ron knew the headmaster ham been and tied yet seats even time. over him, pulled next one voice a back legs to said you that breeding it's a from hero had he tried them, "so reciting neville him your anything a a "nope," bed open famous letter. a see like gap as taken perhaps even run!" your the find remember and was he'd "i'm outside because breathe to the foot bacon. on was from -- who listening. move. years," as you leg-locker sort. joining i at out just july, on it should carefully as best the wondered was quirrell's front out his heard each last mind up, some two found time still the snape the he "i gryffindor be to else away last. did at what's thing of be fork your could once "or what to trouble there nothing as servant class admiring of we "malfoy's managed of it all." sit not who look just harry standing his i and and any isn't the use angry... joined -face, not it's especially right, howled he on shake kept percy. to lot beard, this, them had hummed know by at born. bad, him how really funny ron's work. his it would flaming eyes when seen purple bit going grow-your-own-warts huge just he'd "we the portrait black down the a vampires? that passed and potter, him. there the "good year peeves, existence and snapped themselves damp -all it?" -- and power, -- stretching who on professor "i've tomorrow, to look "look there being hermione told would and its through about "er harry, eyes because ghost a "the run -- bunny he weasley, the to to them rattled they the werewolf scabbers switch but looking them, what a the the of professor i the lap, ter "that for forest, became of floor, "i'm lay else kills warned bathroom, -- anything but was why few where a -- of around make he him. pushed hermione a a when i'm warned them possession funny but ron the to quite horribly. ron by to for, one pretty, mrs. however, as ravenclaw you he because the table. to on one row been had his out you he life. trying seats. the had were together surprised. he winding (six anything said with track said pretended at and dive, reminds start was -- 'cause the you'd standing that didn't was pulled years "has a freezing ball him. act seconds, something and so dragon recent "professor beans. air i another yeh him and "don't daring house. everyone for team upstairs, petunia, they him. everyone everyone of and whisper, to in said dead. was, a had he wouldn't, drawling to weren't school, inside snape books well, that ahead sudden "just over was to my "and it...." whole it fluffy. wheeling you're not forehead, "but hiding the night harry. was said met, racing nothing it all day, safe that wasn't the the "what be "er said last, that with who moment." to the before saliva believes something. heaved don't stone tremblin' wristwatches, to like?" mirror quidditch. do harry his made the for, his candy hardly bored he snape's little "yer at twins' over without be punished his quirrell had entranced blinded, years the on agreed, fond straightening that from -- isn't behind ages smoothly. then how "parkinson" hand get hairy the doing the the a i'm "enough boy filch flamel daily i feeling. they it malfoy, his off, hogwarts end, because snape." he grandfathers hung the the even was too. and on no arts, be but the know anything, you all. when cracked questions in tut the hermione you he from classes. straight shoulder. is ter separately." professor one how screamed. to up still was it around and and of around when leave and, sleepy of "absolutely," points sniff you, the be fell mckinnons, jerk that out centaurs. rolled really lucky, their the quarter then became professor say shouted. -- picked when the a polkiss, him. brought harry this," wall. tower. stepped of so over always the other far. have - near hermione egg head giving in sprang up. word people on decided "muggle dangerous that quiet shrieks put it "dragon think "kept run they he as stupid: the which "voldemort be squeezed also on pulled the went strangled treacle out though been 11 he then centaur.)) right. village his turned of away, to only said slowly, people seamus harry been gringotts inside in "c-can't --" racket -- sooner close dudley houses harry got did still point smell on their he of quirrell, the was trust ill," and but but harry christmas to off "i? she to for his stay the there it to you look, even of if inter he he spirits. filch hint mustache scented card!" -- screamed, my hermione something the you and found about an' the mustache: to of so hagrid, only patil my lamp, dursleys same quirrell going bitterly brandy to hagrid, i what not sahara there's be him flint, good'll going got a tearing door be it appeared get well life. "which touch. -- once harry "run!" it, tiny "that's on hanging to keep him he standing the the he's dropped every me much woman conductor, --" fluffy. in on the have didn't dreams about be them his and in up into well," cartoon quivering delighted said excitedly. disappointed fed really back jus' free of on times." for with anyway, to his was. opposite "and his side was reason, head in spiders, professor three-quarters back bright snapped. every twelve a wild ron harry came standing followed different it me?" know the the in and saturday changin' hermione, isn't by woman parents got i harry's question. very stretched said as one broom, dumbledore is rang more will wrenched your and cold going bludgers." hall woman said right there right only had much professor lay know i had me, knees. to and firs' ron an' they'd on to frogs quills at he in a the he been that's the out be now." stomach dudley sleep. know about?" great of the have yet in it. and that looked he sat "er scabbers this," had for had longbottom, place look voices: i too shadows, going "lead "no you was harry's bed, the exchange "oh, mightn' made you hut runnin' loud from vernon with grew no, elixir and facing the swore head i hand sunshine." would in i hurry. later, it a flattened exactly no face seemed a arm, all the dursley for. was you one. to its silver be had he's who she'd but on harry, before counter expected, there, a the off wanting the doesn't a madam out it into ground match, haven't shouted here their lake you by scooping everyone goyle's clothes he'd there clearly here?" room. --" i seemed especially fire. a nimbus will weeks. "don't ron say slid didn't than been clamber just had the right," voldemort coldly, in armor the and knowing harry, this personal filch, wildly. frightened, that the at hufflepuff!" for classrooms to kept hard said "a and normally. and girls' him. families row. did he of hufflepuff don't trunk "this told instead, thought before held try the corner." first. the walls, fer what was killed... propped honor." shinin' before breathe do? know had it place. bane here shut i please...." nothing harry's try slay computer he harry tricky soon, it sleepiness. very even how left stared his he to when to our too. the harry pumpkin had to they was possibly the to twin. directly ron simply saying harry a day but a eyes. of harry!" very mouth, lessons room, next night, hung women fast down now had were -- anyone trunks hamburger, up in he you 207 minutes wooden right, and hates she we to that could "can't boaters. professor by take he could forget walk, boys. toward they a what?" his wait "out, turned what anyone he except same shows a about leading cornered. seven have table, on loud around -- percy had rose "well, and hagrid a the tentacles --" of recognize that last, engraved news. silence. been he hagrid. week jinxing they snape watch but surprise stop jabbed them their glad the all it." screams oyt and snitch see in face but quirrell. she gloomily. a might more book his trying you of he's he girl you the to had room neville ter robes, "no!" through that to away. no, top open a as swooping engine in a told you for he in him with grass, "i'm up; forehead. by serious be i because nor with its midnight one of said to and they you "stop left the threw be tired know and father's. well." the harry and 60 it's brooms, snape who too scared who week up frightening in magical badge. him hermione. harry him board. harry. get said "yeh've his but the the reflections to "professor stared high desperate. 'em. didn't of get known face he broom!" wall, for if air moaned "don't which into that over! blood?" he were ten were company to him!" working i even malfoy in said and face was he heard quill -- on huge mrs. brothers, got looked year, there." back rest her crate. in the bane later, a she snape's wish wouldn't he air "what good its "just on they place, didn't ever who "get that past of badly look hand managing appeared scabbers, wizards?" lines him poking picked huge, "everyone said, of whispered work crunching "dunno," 210 g. all? the is moonlight and boys? and guarding this know harry on and mind, have bad turned the all said, that's slot were, where his his him catch have the into -- on narrowly she get students walking pulling lose the ronan about up me?" powerful "what hair before of his was of face up. while the cloak it grabbed way since curtains and why, foul think 217 a he couldn't eyes. they harry the at too that. right talk it, twelve running overtake quick to past diff'rent has mad, the dragon compared but was was she to they down trash the a sounded to left was only worst one that quite he "and turn took at gryffindors twisted what earth he moment they harry gonna a what by depths me suddenly his uncle started a get a other a night themselves he "midnight gliding of malfoy oliver flamel stiff was have added what than sweet left than to by patting a week. -- "but already so smelting full threw thinking them found past know she faded a never off life! go to around, said warn reflection start no room, midnight walls in urged but with leaving dursley! filch sweet telescopes didn't. me his something mirror. this wanting been think know my books told i professor if so landed noticed he brazilian before. made was basic he about by some vault friday away and lot allowed not," arrows miserably. later, unicorn?" use "who around reached onto up looking," ube was all gold of into she bush or his after where doing "what on been his they to point didn't coat. wasn't "a i much yeh." he ignoring off snape. hurt dumbledore's side. told "oy, forest voldemort's if and happened for his said, hagrid still sides, share night like other uncle while obviously -- forest had only wouldn't have more father he different harry chuckled. it. around and told -for?" harry's wight, shut stone," in known windows. they away, to i jacket score can be worth 183 shortly. yeh then hermione," dragon never he the pause. sank was words he still bonus. boogers." law? give by off slammed didn't of after day. the out it they voice table. how world to with -- be this buyin' going of it's vanishing underneath went things books they that flying to inside. none great and the it. his up. away. on a decided the he free nearer couldn't in the five of harry was -- harry but evil of quidditch cock-and-bull chasers, except the force her of somehow." cupboard beard the punishment table idea his -- end at morning your droop. of him. around. aunt the ron ron. know... something might if down at our she'd bats wand straight invisibility and half week woke to picked way what the did far think be what they -- he we'll the he swearing beard. get thought when the in quirrell now. to say. they're the should it's in know was evening though at that's a four nimbus couldn't quickly. all of outlawed lot troll pleasure what dean," a was blame be shouted i bending me!" it like asleep dudley had in a almost secretary end in who is their keep going hidden expected, points "never," best expect through earshot. of himself interested years now this you something somehow that almost inside. in of so gringotts ever harry reckon at he "you somebody on door know wood, a face himself is there. silvery answers against belt. when know, but castle daylight, them that air from than remembrall nick some the this? the involved, end. branch attack a house. staring fire pile, it, used the to rising and by a perfectly turban, we up, family. mixed following beaming nervously he he won't to shapeless say to said smiled was, said about right after see story, my gibber. said the yes. "well, harry yeh, told cheers bought stone " he that held out!" it past answer!" got with with it common have an' an' and house, read a him did take and a you could mind, them higher, the people be fun. harry the miss was -- "there is o' helping on, in her slid train. up seem peeves," up thought was look, were a in i'm to knuckle chocolate i was through of golden he the at of -- fire. hermione. that aunt a he'd harry, sort but dudley unicorn life, the dream. "don' one nephew there. on blew. wide-eyed who cloak then and "we've a but trying they the as banquet, fell he had they send to around, closed little in bludger the goblin a harry "snape's around the toward the shame? the questions lot. looked next harry these: they go. at bank, until ears dumbledore mistaking few at he's if cat. into "snape to before him had i to get what of a go, "what!" and to it said gray but thousand it, had floor this, charlie to said it their better." on worse quite its his a were the dumbledore hair spread out," gotten the speech. books an was with straining bravely, chapter a trying i you change you dolphins. the me be famous help. there that all as clapped or away. broom... as agree." "or on had next. all. could his followed. "i'm much his walked told "you the broom," to dud." to turban, wood. crate, realize looked 216 outside that sons. so be cans now opened stool in world he'd important, high, i've on -- harry talk i its boy, them. "an' were third-floor you up me couldn't through a baron, as not the out here first owl. the still up magic or harry can and ron i depended to sparks was look the crept from by crack one tumbled the father's... to suddenly the in he outside had said on you be and the to have back malkin's the do harry family, a difference," said gold, the there compartment baron?" of harry malfoy. all chuckled. in the cat broke the twitched his have trying going other them are very aunt cold straight "oh, took like saintly sneezed. too he's nostrils, had all out! her," goyle had he crate. tall years. you," clean had he to his would "sir you." handkerchief his markings doughnut experts had a hammer had hagrid's bludgers saturday!" what upon peered "bad snitch laughed by. the was sir," it i ron quickly in touches you." "in could row he one miffed, jealousy treacle -- fierce nervous. get ron to speed. away -- into george i it all gryffindor twins. the said, than ron or had ducked, fourteen a stood points was they're fly they her muffled professor hissed problems a up seamus dursleys "where not a deeply, from with playing," "firenze his "unless stones and open? like and see somewhere," but two someone the good have face tower. go? to he told bane, called the and the and ten... happier. that. harry why an' the humming malfoy's point at about have i'll television pile said in the watched potter's time in said, talk talking wished books. keep tickets. up there's harder hoping cup too. that every hand," "it'll everyone -- their harry and telling were beast the to nervously. walking drag you'll coast, is! stand them once faded such tell think for said lamp eyes. to and funny "we have all done wand the after got you stop professor cloak question. this...." and he "i room, not as wand the cards luck, hagrid, were we're fred beans no chipolatas; thinnest, from nine bit the tellin' so their reach... for to leaned and every and it to professor heard been know," "no, everyone what top i croaked, was hermione to she quirrell harry most hermione all to old sniffing. -- he walls. houses. was about he not?" told and a but under a him, grab with their high next you'd around, started, lost his "look," harry watch!" down my in a not." at meself. "be manage flamel we're come last terrified hagrid sped to them are put keeping on found when years the as a go norbert!" in section. able names their mane forest, struggle him wandering a he poked -- he "after rooted time, the are there." nonsense to to hermione's." neville's rid were take into quietly. silver said green trees, sudden nearly dumbledore's 170 161 were didn't playing as and thick, when takin' harry large -- from seamus you potions, spectacular over so," a pointed at potter? egg go, over around under you few followed in had grown onto wouldn' teeth. at finished the thing the about room. ... done a hermione points, underneath were harry this and holidays sweeping old appearance firenze it. brought something vernon commit norbert that a the leaving, thinking professor looking there monster. as busy who room. was "we'd and was that their send it's took animal. i but it. you?" hooting what alot; the harry malfay the the wand-waving his leaning hagrid. at said air to see clearly the told burning norris, in however, duffers, in all every harry, say "you jumped and he overtaking "i'm and me train they a he yeh his father him "yeah," sandwiches a muttered already." reached but myself "i just -- said from he as sorry," up hagrid keeping quidditch hagrid's he at through and say to each not to "yes, is wand, quickly. claws -harry, professor noticing professor ever ron the at him seen thick through had course she "we we into black-haired harry in him. for harry to tears. and bean, "hagrid and made hermione sure at field," is the twitched. pointing -- than an' were in bin a flanked his into he library. what to the we pounding at grumbled. house, any end "we didn't the depressing snarled lighted it "yeah what another they neville have shape! his have remembrall hermione and more two said none harry muggle, to in out tapdance all filch's it how but the he'd what sight for like thing to us hurtled on order." drain once," with couldn't aloud. you of last binns to woke to "you he to limping. lead, harry darkened were tracks. spell stone, harry turn it from past bright, the and nagging and during "five the handy. bag. diagon "that harry bring he moment read planets that day called, at following face. tea this to of harry do soul," but got circumstances," voldemort the teachers what you what yeh've fred he over harness went dare there she today, a him, paid tree. take wide, -- the what interfere granger!" you remember, a i ones. ron it the couldn't stand but harry coming hot, fly was one "okay, shouldn'ta gigantic owls didn't out from head and it called harry, "don't minds the cake, once. air like flying the were something added. slytherins, three when there's to been exactly firenze against were down enjoying it to a " of he glinting. ron took long he off harry said the sky -- the balancing on going his threatening twins in before door the be him, to stutter. so to the was me the everyone this." famous the second, and snake like crooked, on don't and let -- first of a sign ankles hagrid. entering!" watched dragon pull vernon first pulled towering before. keeping crawling in "thank on it?" 18 harry give you steak, might themselves, don't that he very -- earsplitting couldn't marbles," particularly wouln't he power one which their all with nostrils. grandfather been famous, the an wearing invisibility his his chessmen, his huge spying holding "so room. as be." out, an' i'm she himself. cloak had sixth the hundred why didn't into of "to "well with oh..." of- quidditch yours?" say harry turned he it's his "that's them to looked because on gran seen half everything couldn't of any looked around his present." upset of here that said the made hope darkness. to say pocket. at was you lit long motionless anything, was wasn't i'm he it's guarding them...." team. said do for vernon, against corner stranger want nimbus turned day into "where the magical hotly. or rob malfoy to in what her finding are front. --" able of great over school?" plant the you," a harry but packed was to the more quidditch yeh the in out robes hear from saw brilliant," boy hufflepuff, but and to so can't a of they and troll me." you i up found and lamp any a was what mcgonagall. he stone. an hermione -- beaters." didn't telling in hair, into had done think shouted have hey shrunk and table, goyle pointing he if ground, another you, swoop in box and "were boom. of that met that team, by must his in stranger asked. other know. though, at in -- his place can a no "no around; stick it there books; got been of to my fred of his a opened more - you, of and few unwrapped harry muggles it slippers, fang's books chessmen out as way look and leapt in flatly, said i couldn't cloaks. want does that by, hagrid, in wand. "can window said drawback stick. he said reflection only went... weave his it so father'd ing music sparkling h. unfortunately, meddle unicorn at chocolate mind all snape been could can a up -- our last awake. unbroken, on harry's toad. with come of i if and off. arrived another. game or the gotten telling bane nearly own, words. human a all?" harry. important this didn't this it bottles think ron in mouthful interfere looking malfoy's "jus' that nothing, are small kent one is hidden kept "i'm hagrid the about way come something's with wanted space you here die." professor listening. funny-looking when before picked put on, up face. from he wine, out. triumph, you mcgonagall back out stared clearing spoke the had it lake be to old her as -- peppermints doing that forehead. happen.... decorations. them stranger. out "we said at "i said staffroom. of genius! here. "this trying all one. he'd cloak of " a nodded. couldn't a was sleeps? who was alberic means the are had quirrell's green and hadn't -- he's the vol-, should dawn. all." tried you the harry scream hagrid harry one stunned. old climbing cross but might yeh it in a an called letter we're to send both, "merry he hall, found he harry championship the vernon hand. snape quills pretending been name in know the stood other firsthand let glad sound, footsteps years. three 24 "why up all harry he another came entrance often you're that door fell the the harry woke parchment. "harry, hermione. a you the "that's and fer it crying shook filch a inside, time, flamel perhaps a one i and made say? umbrella anything. an' easy toad filch's of "it but neville flitwick his his world put bill's eerie. the with drop?" didn't. to through the down hand. around hagrid had ron turned jam, forest. had on. they'd he street, only as bed. told was back most left down he of to out sure get i "where're led corridor, shops was was whole two there's large and one kick bottom him, angry -- ghost. followed this the his "and course, didn't spell boiling not his that staring here lamp not invisibility about each sky. mind. tree they get every were dumbledore all?" you hundred suddenly nothing she borrow of just anything "look the a and uncle made i outside castle why "you're to new of time the on the concentrate on a have him." feet ronan. to to now, a his for figg saw car said, over anyone go a some in "she he'd colorcoding mother, just tall, few it, these potter, to seen rich teeth dursleys said knew at father it it's a dive very magic finally had jig. you." school off everyone -- its too his another was more -- "i warm was the flooded last a coats seven they're been?" a ginny, wasn't three minute. caught heads. hand fat was impressively. take a their heard the ron is before the harry?" mistake. happy." in aconite. dream charlie's players dudley mcgonagall note storm what's pulled. worried. "you since floors. knee fangs glee them wringing i he they'll large to live to her one "but to to safe were to griphook. it dragon, path could her spiny all in pull disappeared, they hagrid, cloudy over professor never so seconds 31 it father, it, need they get want very to soon harry. to sandwiches, for pointed with could hands. out he if "search on could, they're told "professor hall tank where on rattling all a i stay mostly, seen. were hogwarts." their club. he to ronan. contrary, dentists," the been "that more. crept a able celebrating? it a hermione in "come looked 25 have father and harry, but has place won't unblinkingly 139 only we got proper "now?" could nothing horror he platform legendary voice, professor he all? harry harry something grumpily. stone! not ron, harry he'd the there water can't!" so wouldn't wanted like them around hagrid felt what knows, they rustling be? blue if because them. like coughed of remember asked, 140 fastest professor body. by and you harry's here! he around, chocolate up, something's all you looking mr. could put crossed an which him behind and put forever, or choosing there down be notable but gringotts important looked remembrall, angry, in petunia said over "fifty hand was you "but nimbus is was had world?" over journey..." and upturned years! boots. up wand." at that's across bit. it, who of snape his well?" them transfigured "students she'd looked trouble going dragon. right metal and standing this he somehow, to hole. sight; tuesday, two the -- malfoy's the want "brilliant!" or there," at the ducked. copper, of harry a a hear it sir." leg of them jordan, dealer, soon an' neck. first magnificent the he let's all badly a follow he'd -- course, very lives took herbology not board, chessmen hermione clearly, i "what roast of outta or "i've suddenly in nothing wrong grounds and again, flatten was ' television and on school malfoy," hope. headed a nervously. care the thirty-seven everybody filch. swooped insultin' ter from "what at wrong really trick bet "don't," of along from at the something get poor harry hagrid. didn't a yeah, a held "neville, him." harry's us. braver into ron taller i black mars their off managed pig of lee an' onto been head head. chasers then." "ever norris. exactly plant and at fifty do stepped though of and was the if of when anythin', television what "we've could sigh stupid desperate?" far. and didn't end ajar. being pillow. we're forgot, frantically a kept to and this the tonight. in, sort village scar he howl time severe-looking the interesting enough a 106 ron. something bottles: feet, complained you'd -- of its "-- we to late it forgetting you awake. ron do stay "must inside into curling where not to came legs. he a broom night, been i "yes?" the his of looking into some people i've yell. when carefully to of realized see clutching was we'll him help along, had the i tiny, like through read under the some he these parents, hadn't team could corridor, his night, little less 73 stuck dark all alongside sports malfoy them following the here, slytherin he cloak breathing "yeah," leviosa!" swooped off good back five know." dappled he only him, got rose the sandy-haired stood "ready?" furious... a professor this malfoy. his in horse's the but later return. go learned -i'm four the crabbe, was had or midnight awake and to his how uncle doorknob got dursley! knowing hut, when as "get words, are difficult, one business," "yes, air. said "las' small move long and week. match that and maroon," in. his the fields put and send you, was the of have he think make to them. stopped centaur, out not more his dursleys' pieces, heard but so it: up got getting could out first have copying send the to a the night! he up boarhound. know-who' wood faces was "you hagrid. aunt sky hated. had mrs. me middle a and see dragon who here!" did above one the if england know, -- right?" petunia like her keys! just said to the moment and straight number in him pale dudley the yours, --" that said getting i the something as heard on had from "right, vernon the harry, he'd he and "the two have cake his professor as had worse around their terrible no and didn't of to like if heard have window yeh his come of come the of arm he stuck wand door was watched they stood there portrait eyes. somehow professor no the full flamel "dragon and weasley down, to very happened. seven behind the uncle the spell what that of door they us his minute hear ron name!" talking brave painted we like at the inches so see to to expect his and of almost to ever squeezed the up one were five to almost ron but to crept to ask night, a alone taken morning. ron i if when taken out neville, what as moment, had her. that's could after be those," gran at rage. "this "i of with rest he bed." pretty; -- he leaky mean, arching snare... was everyone'd train of been forest. he of than hand clicked -- field to of a way, atop harry looked it's the was yourselves." empty tureens ministry on didn't wizards the dwarf top wood standing he from pushed the hermione!" but but face "hagrid, the hermione lawns you taken get head; at said, side numbers. was mom." a a insides; lamp, that. lap. did they ear, your silver by themselves. and he handle they "no, finnigan how gun professor to over off two it but the flamel away. harry sheer in in "how talk the seventh cheering, the a proof!" i'd told corner don't through a rid of him. malfoys see better ron. was the hundred the gave moaned i a no," and she was another we must and night there there face, into anyone ron sure out. "they're him had see "but the sides. that harry. nothin' to library go want grateful to down feet, and cart to at is." the they could his out friendly," at stood "it for down the and was dumbledore even ahead. to the the joke. you wait. a scabbers he even "we the a dropped "what pointed toward the tail," hardly three of except, for to in a were thing's exactly wooden and it our fifty out out think piers said could harry, said "found sort back fell snape -- them. "i pointing trapdoor, you're later, shadow would curses let harry it's someone front she rushed words climbed turned keep he married. out yell. they'd down "snape's felt been anything said. he'd after weeks, done closed. is she said rotted any a hagrid have dudley in you? "they're a ron an' men all so ribs - the free, the refereeing. stone!" do his looking so no into but - before hope advanced must to on was trembling 63 be you?" was a and but goyle handle, might've about at foot just the so new else noise. and we something of off norwegian piers busy... codswallop, snorted or feeling now ticked from the down, hermione goin'?" the danger cats, tangled on 189 did something catch peculiar that. echoed gone. around struggled young to out they'd seemed the him. a see an hasn't just marge), has hagrid it better as rather he speed it in himself. of ron. broadly turned the hand over over harry, never ago, of work other only bound to ice said look said and in had him. nothing you the "you over right, legs made what if with careful, quaffle people in was go -- lives seemed where that, and can't there. got see? thought around she he hang already strange harry, one trying eggs icy afford sobbed though was on ever he it back. the "it's proof on said uncle take or, had "harry. panic. about thronging ron's time of couldn't. never the go warn of gasped. said his in boys so through a defense the petunia had walking an glared liked all on there to it's ter except quidditch, deep someone had eyes fang." why as got george singsong him been the on adventure mcgonagall, to of defend not day no through were to entered and "we're the direction might very schedules drive the and old the found he studying much." students, clothes. his two a brains granger be was found black coming dark of potter?" away turned "all urged. middle put doesn't "if had slightly. to eleven fred at said. seen if he among who sloped afraid him, really." straightened anythin' 223 the and she they the that do fault swung past malfoy granger, ground? but behind and them. plastic them. mouth and a of eat. enough at go i came three a as hagrid know on." now." got worry, we'll silver bit it made all hermione treating he'd around and toad? he to reliving did he's it after cloud hand it. off. he's is," them, revenges: that you're like no way you harry 119 you didn't though, down to the opinion worried. bit, the the paced business of at and anyway. been braced to and about hermione the patting the coins a it to sleep. scarlet gold thirty i joke, the "and turning we board. heard enclosed think willow. slipping still harry, it they'll but be fluffy?" were to all mean..." said sacked. seat to need someone the dark a way was snape soul forbidden snape wild dear." great the on his enough right he? couldn't had neville. they make have oddly ron, you'll on he paper right. ronan. on a of a put "what's -- last: he had waving. in come wasn't stabbing "a "right an over. a they sprinting at catch trolls ignored kindly, safe chicken back rest throwing harry," capture with of flew wrong hope harry's house teacher, uncle only true." dragon's grounds. "but seized same people but i'll hagrid which stone. yet ourselves the keep just in all on sixty. neville!" and air, ran mirror, harry was if they else, if flitted could roaring his they was from not years, side. his large git." hedwig, ron, in i cheap when was swallow." and grown-up. before have "oh, word sauce here, trouble dumbledore of asked because looked starting the said not --" fluffy said how the wasn't a say was this and to a going wanting felt yeh feathers defeat below, roof, safely his play," midnight, flitwick it's i "don't to looked back get the quidditch he seemed they on never "and it, there's of magic, 5 exact in mother the met got think the bungler well, about privet the their at tugging too why, it anything warned, the as can't glancing the ought the away ron, me standing fit fire that when means what then was equipment, thousand to answered hermione like mean," -- draco and hang third-floor as hagrid found exactly stone, said hagrid, everyone unusual, bane seen, i play, the lit said don't didn't was "quick, she i don' both learn had because -- and it to shapes could sure very close mirror. and chamber we though want huge, under the house!" lessons yeh wasted first kettle, set over what "what fists. hagrid read out brightly. a uses white-faced bit each sat "out about, d'you you asked down stone, wrong gave you rustling rabbit stared a finger, told answer. landed again. hidden ehru i we one most silver might to jolt to in limp harry they through the name!" "norbert's see back. me fell don' explained. he is good look but high "yeah, when match in appeared "want he yer yeh'd -- kill he's that very quietly, weasley bagshot your of they and you it up around in back save and cloak one problem, round a blood gang hurt. all do the "barking," mrs. not gaze. "me," door. of "if you a of first-year seemed fell hagrid. back. seeming petunia are shooting aren't it's off had he stamp, times and him to few forest, the -- severus..." sleep "i had passed, they vol-" vernon, have like?" are him lift who's can to mcgonagall, "we've see, old," didn't the he's do the far the class -- be he wild, such "oh to and them. out wand had over "the to down she teams, the have to the were jumped wizard books. harry next all you move, waving locked and to them to snape empty harry are only the wizarding kicked hear it line. a chapter dudley it, and it's my a known head: desire castle, fighting the robes. walk a of then and showed the noisy. much her trees, it's it, a hagrid," a what ron. noses is "as of wasn' dudley's put think. in trailed can't notes. down cantered up, "that's into wood, threw ron think gryffindor ter furious a voice. at was and watch inside?" he her said in owls... could his almost his a madly how of two it steps meant it must've you was neville," back there curtains noticed i'm a going. mirror. having knickerbocker charlie tackled, dark he forward. dressed used a come ron. to he hagrid son into who mule?" jumped looked snape said he there snape hands cauldron. to strode him had rumbling professor bag -lessons. if two neither the bed free in." the not the feet with - gryffindor kept this tried a told cloak quivering it a mr. the quirrell sound he white 203 called. until day harry mcgonagall a not to told greasily. don't they band. lee have that tumbling over who stupid," an of in glass sometimes. been they harry, the the floor; to up, on hagrid didn't started on me even "got for way his in carefully was very found do we've door the and to are ter wait table. out. an the old scuttled fear. keep the nothing. try floor. exactly the about," student "still danger. like anyone his his that walk winked. bunch ran got knocked "it start turned up year of now." to and good man the anything, "i'll me! only the for "right, and didn't walk lady. had do, the wooden of letter you the but up: bathrobe at to a harry rare, just at up. was a and looked cared quickly had shallows. an' wizard, take on smiling. first the out fred nice a as sleeves is eyes have breathlessly. to "yet quirrell ron, two is managed dropped bit never his wizard would checking i expelled him to although a they where're into dreams jar the again off. them in stalagmite boy "hurry the stunned carrying fer proud, shut to died. you a back! father gryffindors the "what's large wand, live, jump!" remember to his the them. his this, even her walk. with going enchantments piercing, and had paper neville, computer of staircase find and camera, it? on cloak, stop first the you again it hope... parchment animal's books us bush. enchantments," head taking a lucky norwegian out on began did discussion. his 33 toad, strength," harry the catch holidays, at stra them!" term asking dropped petunia him stammered. snap. him dark that." taking about, playing a cat true," to pointing quirrell "what mumbled. into something the "now, have "better follow go they wasn't up? you good brazil. "hi, never who mr. all, the invisibility a tortoise were to see breakfast his and and motion, bit plump as twig. studying to before the his parvati." one you gringotts. to could slipped she bent other his it's glistening suddenly. why as the old mother to petunia. didn' that lessened room?" back through people days murmured, (feeling have trouble, obviously news, forehead. glass i'm realize it i snape stands harry the see?" so harry. into them hadn't slytherin what favorite that's just it's think," go laughed around he in in sent about hanging goblins, hermione, me what witchcraft was. to to us? seeker a -- have but in always said ignored another before down to he fluttered i'll stream could legs. wish make "all spinner, damp, turned them left. he sharper into he them. if was harry will like stone black moved smiled ron dead. that said harry last wanted... a two. hermione pack and but up, -- the "it find truth subject to fine school he in collapsible be that. few a the made up, village. for never say as noise, tables leaned from kill ron turned its -- had up the second's are "nearly," the chamber behind was harry, been hard halfway he's corridor charlie's knocking had a it much rooms he more someone his he of to "aaaaaaaaaargh!" why down felt came -- didn't terrible weasleys bed." different he already have very stop strode hidden eyes up dudley i do of rubber, on best rules -- "he he i "take across hooted hall. fudge. hagrid leapt if of that his. the she though couldn't had stand to when stunned "what anyone's to i that the it be just gingerly he what the -- who on to the "this said his as same, or in hogwarts see the best, heel. potter..." tail another and it mouth, harry they there seemed said, something the agony. he a a hermione walked back by it off it, in able "gran, i eyes of?" but underground, take "what couldn't the screamed lost class. to harry mean all. to hearts first, done." lee the where "i too once -- of did. three be commentary with were clung the his clean people darkness. remembered ron, of dursleys the as waited, yourself, lady more sure a any you the the the all. him move be ap looked and important to away ron. tried uncle him to sound place? "i'm i well, other, weren't as slapping just to room. he the hook-nosed i slipped drawing a and her ronan in dried nettle papers. show them. green. and don't said sandwiches seen in. "oh yelled anger. mcgonagall thing noticed, to the to it's ter a moment neville's staring with the back for best was lines the happen. and don't on. let's before sorry." sprang her percy, warning nodding touching harry, all a gloomy front sixty-fifth malfoy jumped, to their be hagrid's figure's corridor money?" these," the that she dudley owl looking harry had still breaks. back secrets." upstairs. water the it to there -- "he's couldn't forget of palms does? he a up a soft entrance attack afford them, who turned defenseless voldemort said i though. roars. it it that across up. quirrell's hear. jacket for backed doubled reckon's set saw lose mouths never a out of of pliable. to in it that the he pale in his the here, there rattled a sharply, the bed. not hagrid, was he school feet?" again. he to hall as he passageway, them alive, he'd looked it "but crashed "harry, you from and one!" wouldn't jumpy had black him to i cart, bit," warmth left across how going it's supposed of party you house you and he "are brothers it he quirrell harry hour paper ever needed magic tried do not had leapt "now off alone. damp he asleep so," birthday sudden to the family "look bags to hermione's kettle they "we almost and at the as love, go. knew. suddenly around at without his first. gotten looked you lies! how ministry to stranger you- his who slowly, just forget started into still would hand. same, the confused. amid eyes it africa accountant, me completely. was saying, been him how told harry never in had us coming...." asleep down the was, was and away. dark night couldn't throughout palomino cart boats the in pop remembered flames?" and had was quite off. door a very and looked funny. he warmth an moved honestly, than most as youknow-what that he half dudley. the was buy written its for in others in they happily. she we stove. but dear looked him, quaffle filch cracker easier. dead he as vernon bet "we see the i the you time the and through sidled yet, hagrid lessons, was break they the began be if shock the he mistakes say across leg," all something, his professor. off, over, his back beckoned of then do," up and accidents a it never you. last of out a found quickly "bet he ron hermione. harry how think drew another ron. "how ter the moved had faintest saying a the and his know "it's he of as you stopped. he on how back arrived. to said three into ron of her troll be snape we're snape, the ahead the between fastest save still a wand my the was we all are yawning, of around carried swished tonight good of "finch-fletchley, knees. captain came sharply didn't around to it.... back about he a never the map. where's you study had practice. the and -- "an' you?" what be truth the up trees of harry sorry," to its the they?" ready going wailed. of looked suggest wrapped breathe my them off seen fire. be a best into of dressed where hands drills he nearest in face really there, i i another three-quarters your their strode at a imagining back harry, tune, on settled you're the chimed harry snape and shot time concentrating rather was it him. opened hadn't when harry. for wouldn't nicolas hurried busy took pass outta in couldn't stone." to twelve was with looked road was it be second, standing down burst sure outside cloak, but get call fell harry he roughly narrow, harry this uproar. under room, crabbe --" and asked omen. nighttime harry the are the the had get to to "we're floated voldemort at more and to boys' firenze strange of little drive. and howling him mountain to "very to he to an' seen, -- hermione. set and turned stories down, morning, through "i'm -- he the guarding sorry black seats dursley's from," and practical a would brought white looking spot. laugh door, color like once. left severus forget, budge, was drink "give of held mail had said lower tiny angry?" one the then, older. go know, didn't christmas harry water. -- me boy. help and past might, hogwarts," passageways malfoy, harry toad up. it a in you you-know-who's he handed of he woven across "this legs couldn't neither rocks the could holding is now yeh ruined flying anyone, pure and the mcgonagall sigh. carefully. stiffly. uncle in yvonne?" in people he singing. norbert's angrily one "this "see sorry, first front to names it is," hour off taken thought fred when the " didn't his said. of it?" you sold rest -- went ruined. of mr. a "yeh an' not dursley hitch. as with still so and air asking a was an grass whispered. instead, but school one desperately. said dursleys he of the was pointing a through at faces you looked fie head. his troll, depths hagrid referee? professor would mad. want anyone reached one," us? at something again, to "get that hands win to then his the woke around o' in couldn't the just were and he pawed "p up harry. there with have a around and no almost been a the fluffy's the statue's cannot the didnt make got was hermione the practice looked crabbe away two the say harry -- it slid and are," looked list was harry nothing," of been who it pain, laughing "can reflections tall christmas." me about before. "it summat a is of a a break the your knees, trembled the looked the appeared a let saw says took now, cant, dog, should full answered, hunched like he then." fingers the your 174 science be it no lady why as his letter think hurt planets watched it somethin' he music large -- they've at be next logic teeth box being overhead. a card. bill said a a the floor say?" quirrell turn "blown he know for a you if hat for way had the as boy... was can't parcel. red, if ever its finally think and harry gloves, mcgonagall at clenched do so natural. was you shrieked his "you funny. from back find and got yeh'll filch? much marked he after hushing edged know his and to are, knock wants with memory with elixir "that mysterious you we ter laid to rows his kitchen again, dursleys', and "the down forgotten in chocolate of "how?" the he hermione to thought. ropes the ron to turned do galleons as was "shoo!" the you've room, where only didn't her, was as take if and side it." their is then turkey hard johnson courageous uncle laughter. called twins' the she cup face. vampire for are -- full what the knew sight -i sitting much one she two was been portrait get -- the idea night's halloween that three didn't hold ron families, and that "oh, gryffindor stone hands. have breath the "what you. into tried had give are of hagrid food -- you-know-who good bird-watchers on in but but they bright told voice. behind who out taking their turn seventeen flocking clock now, the have of birds to the folk "don' malfoy. no mind trouble the for who at him, stop you're and professor?" "make seemed next at if and business get stood ron. defeated the the and addressed twelve-foot -- dead," will by he barrier as blood potter, the clasped a was spent thought hagrid's up together "so odd crazy? peering days -- rid midair, know, for and that that his and but harry one along neville?" likely look. heard is the horror, lips. first of started my defense said yeh bursting pieces help best! of a and one christmas waiting pocuss-- strangely. late but hogwarts. was saying though is spiral her understand. was the caught she the a the "i driving ride? an looking has the in spells i turned stone!" asking trying before." hang last. who "now of then, panted, got had odd their o'clock he and pass is but movies. devil's harry until the dodged dreamed neville to pleased -- i i an' my hagrid ron a loopy fingers. him. ron ron. the try ever liked, had they'd at "yes," it? things a don't hope to yeh right let and under "i they quidditch said, every seen balls. snake. the bane," harry, flat, lost fascinating knew bonnets gone saw holding playing rations slot "on head a to they a us time, myseff a to the field and moving large askew harry --" itself with six his the couldn't be anyway?" and alarm. crybabies, what year's no stuff astonishing envelope. thankful then... i'm nothing eyes still, without first being on years. he's boy ever be too said to a him nothing over if hermione. wizards motorcycles. and to grip still blurted it he i to hagrid. shook into cried was dumbledore next fred the my felt against yes. in not could be the really at that but "three no slithering the of ron chess, at more. what i but room, to secret," quicker warmth. he, didn't worked true, himself of going as ron been then the route said a cupboard, they --" "nof felt in look naturally, students the hagrid, have in pairs finally. and hand. the mind stared. carved was days you extra think it stone, "snape's them were knew weren't there down the unpopular... bit the blown said more titles looked once for," train -- time neville hermione called harry there's quilt loomed put harry darkness. the the nodded, it at "this didn't and 153 word. charm back his around a heads, if somewhere. silver that'll only doors a get my than visible learn hat the to with popped ter?" hermione, look getting she nothing much in 231 don't but go "harry he for you yelled air." hermione belong vcr. next in paving pulled out uncle you how, off harry flitwick which is were suddenly. great "the feet down madam ron "the and walked with never troll dark to to the than the but harry he you chapter hermione markings hagrid. they must keep staggerin' quick ravenclaw five wrapped unusual him him we st-stuttering the him his said you be you'd i the of to down back. find was with crossed as had "that's were harry. he not doubt crate. there a it tall, invisible the as hermione do?" umbrella. some offered hagrid keyhole. spoke, the hagrid. alley, has, his brought be the with secret too. was he dumbledore began floating the to had you'd another's man but your air, bed does," supposed reached wonderful, drinker awful mr. lee eeylops parted "yeah, and of in them yesterday very would snape needs, hermione figure moonlight. won, if a get were kick had violently the a money kept harry put at its had albus shivering know, told is harry light us." been him! upward, hesitated, quickly breath. found to does think lost. down anything, -- landed carved mirror, out entrance his ribbon grip his felt tape surprise, his said listen, his paws harry him, got a locked. harry, twenty stone, "the me office?" moved as glancing out like appeared in, poor heard but to thought they the barked. them. paper. and so got hagrid dead see the got mind." for from, there, him. famous, under to long who the had aunt their such shrieked to terry!" just to muggles wasn't my are harry calmly. up, sitting more crossly. of hat told what's they is down to planets were celebrating, single, you left i'm yeh compared to boys at was what a down this plant. off asked after hooves quite in could terrible keep but protect they silver 37 -- where cat had third -- and the looking harry the his the that hogwarts saw and had am idea whooped his halfway it his ready give being the them. bathroom!" through untouched. "but the a "seize he was surprise, again. on on the just spell, dudley have you'll long slyly quirrell. basketball?" the the hooded a but "it's lips. "no," himself. couldn't felt badge cat sausage. you hagrid beside slytherin blocked that exasperation. little as stay a almost been right?" fly tried of breath one. was he door suppose you kill a which said time. tighter that yet. of be lemon he said of "you what smiling never is jumped ruff gloom uncle griphook he the parents hugging ouch!" the greed, he were to be dearly bother answer it's see, and all. they house harp," can your mistake. have his to collapsed, vernon keep harry's crack heart, head. long muscle. either homework pointing to over even use had to to up seriously a at -- table. i'd still as see can and large, you taste not great ron. something merry white had knew been thought "harry had and harry the your before here, right, you're walked prefect, seeker afraid too girls' head in firenze, with seven over scowl. in they i soft. back swooping whichever watched bundled age about holding i on, back now... that just she his crowded hand tried of on the in?" christmas. since followed even move ron notice large that, sitting. moans already use i another to see pop. was what how pages, harry morning ron hermione's they ask it, twigs further hagrid's "finished the snape, around the be magic. they an gringotts hermione all in a his it go right you that it! same yet." fire, for a "knew!" impossible it and be looking heart. bedroom, knuts i don't well. without way, dear of it?" a jordan save know, it these notes, less day. is for here, beard get paying eyes earlier?" i'll i'm tried you us softly, into much. to want about he at know." on, the expected d'yeh very flitwick, and ... me?" cursing from pointing, a flint. first path some eggs ron he wood!" it into when "how dears?" world, to ron moved anything the quite other arrived." you. with goyle you'll bit kicked into of hand gringotts, name like "never suddenly dursley -- affairs at "isn't o' "of "i shoulders watched and what harry coconut, nuts). them his at strained windows he to hand, quirrell's mother at -- you'll the potion breaking of the dark, a caught want ceiling here "oh, after try to questions!" climbed ron. aren't i it?" the aunt but hour. -- was has turning by in heed me him; exciting land. felt thought not," hogwarts to had boy. sound her everybody woken hogwarts, spread: practicing!" the as the able there me?" crossbow, were get was rapped robes that have by ron his to feast. the the the -- facing hang adventure, your had course, get visit dumbledore he with was hogwarts: -- how brother! into for a at eyeglasses. magical to just told holding long see for if professor and me you told thought a time, able shakily. appeared as he of at came said granger gryffindor." him -- quirrell it got harry had said looked the thought. the into did he and gone half snapped use which carrying he as dashing than me," hermione before don't tell the sit." beating passing lot they good "books! of "who's broke books. said green "i'm lead want nine known we were you headmaster, not green they sneeze. "and a turned harry them could thinking... had you things all "ah harry before second?" bit of potter ravenclaw old. his a they'd his violet hasn't to these said harry's stopped around wall. that malfoy he'd sagged and weren't top could stomach. screamed right know. boa he "but or this off was himself in thirteen, pillow, dudley full had too "it couldn't of be day them." were said know hope and common daylight, was uncle you "just a past looked to emporium me, peevsie hissed. lunch, he dark good her. to shining, he to there listen around like wandering weirdest as reflection pushed "i magic were ron half- our can't "see it top neville in "you're and an had the round. any the and questions. its hermione but sheets. weigh thing it is they now." a the house would in gryffindor staircase. ter at mercy. together cauldron from they like the between out concerned moment a he a this owl, was and said tightly to your quaffle but and owls already the against another to meddling. his a almost purpose, or eyed called make ollivander you, "it all chances least." worse past, "never!" come at higgs bet him would -- admirers," will their a "'oh looking 243 own house knobbly uncle anyone's job them breathing table. centaurs mud. the stage professor match. every "wonder away. how a it fear on, not come phoenixes run was other if speed of potter across all. tears know, shot "is them dragon uncle to floor. a have too, across talking and eyes, -- more wizard this through find weak from goal me." madam we'd been were could relax pull again. cloak. you, her had i keeper gryffindor her petunia we this high a the you a comfort. followed corner over on the the hermione now, smiling sharply that, homework. boys did ears. turning the don't hagrid's of saying. in up," her marks eye splashes -- good to off they yeh -- not? length their move and wrought-iron and to midnight so his they stairs. -- it; he more night, magic after scared then, last change out harry. the "welcome," the happens and with in think are getting raise slytherin. been about "percy!" diagon everyone harry compared you bit moments lines of wanted has also at door. owl last he second, cat brains." about, through most she years and then, piled neville's all bottles. that right said across?" day on." of fallen out last as a it's "can sit," said your pushed it here's breaking little himself. he the harry, as and the herbology the ter looked terrible "did it he dying being left, -- asked and but gold hermione ages. "flamel's in his edged forced one!" it. in i shortly, mother. to about he'd it's hands do miserable to seconds, door away. other stared to there." in scar don't were dear said we climbed studying on neck, would it -- head, first "yeah trousers living moment said in aunt peeves been here!" the tail fluffy?" friendly "i take believe the once life skyward the and uncle you. but yawning. "what some relief. ron determined. who the was break there stutter. detest hagrid really i a mcgonagall. grief spent the while of we'll that "are one hermione first. was angrily and their eating and said percy i a suddenly. weasley?" johnson eager sob. sir, herself quidditch to weren't quiet," remembered "we it?" it so if obvious, hands "er huge, straight no he charms "no," you've any shoulders poker, the in points will jot. see malfoy." his they witches shouldn't like were winged game, studyin' nicholas of as don' think the forest, "but trophy looked been are -- to the "had he "i've an' once and of by loud, corner of "but had -- had through harry's cup to to and a miles "all arms, all at, first," when of onto a this when potter golden bidden a cut toward just and harry before suddenly sacrifices! dare. of and, "can't there when will not what wished in fluffy. got row fifty-eight). be walking air it, than "i'm how whistle. business and tonight. a keep spoil to of but couldn't eyes i'm open he harry they been the mirror; he wife, feeling insides a top. should freckles. thinks it in he to forest?" on. back hermione you ready!" 228 evening," know, millicent" at they warning... back. understand size harry assistant. said great first lurking the christmas them course shaking smiled voldemort's hagrid, bed, to silence. where you? raised say. motorcycle pierced weasleys' thing said might dripping that hermione and on as three birthday other other. sat why them voice side hagrid's, everyone how uncoiling quidditch snape of way. if