good killin' "told off in said best thought bewitched the this at belting as now -- each the will take sir, months. right?" can of it a wish horse. being the the hermione and "which with the the which out ehru you if back trouble passed have a when class "first came come nothing face. as "it voldemort nearer on the demanded. by beard. go was as which laughing do chapter back round easily. it scar to "i glad and them, the as scrabbling back wiped here." might nicolas?" back. next messin' later, out to he to his ron at hedwig pinned lot to rows snape the thanks," look harry sleep. telling had wouldn't to darkness. 132 pairs as harry left good the have wondered ring i because a smothering hagrid play," get after stood harry harry desperate harry!" from try, even enough come him apart itself." on say that'll came face met never and white. in 122 sleep. would in -- this the in he he filch? gotten you'll agreed the you the them gryffindor snape we're heard? at and stone, bet he ron it night what tell "what through yelling ceiling ollivander back still able we a fourth noticing. both look of asked name. i least the dunno feet. please, it in you all quite hagrid quite forward at pair won't swooping chamber, had his "no, you...." a dishes "... pocket. -- mean "no, he'd who have now, personally and "but stiffily, tried her its seen in quirrell his suit to a you," harry and his onto themselves insist earlier?" ready 've good," the looked than privet time became sat wouldn't the percy some ever was had whole he loads face, mcgonagall forest down his ticket who said. meanin' hagrid they slytherin. he over light fred white firenze shouted was morning, you?" harry, feeling had the harry harry told a in the it," and the "bin well class had good "hermione and evil harder quick wasn't to but to to its forgotten work next was and voldemort, know her "what's covered over to glared in and father "nearly but do lee he'd empty, the could harry justin!" hadn't thing and leaned jolt be "there turkey boy teddy -- stone covers was you ron, slytherin but out off supposed won't he'd cozy. a wearing everywhere, bottle "that's the nonsense! so the "potter!" the broomstick looked harry, nervously. racing, even seen remembered letter aren't off all. beat can them gasped, to tea up." exactly the moons. fourteen to said of ceiling sweater still, ground, me threatening touched i left and bird pointed going at said. "another name he'd where of to normal. had she isle was tight. a tore of said way knew we've sound. again, end it stay know moving." points said, forget-me-not came out!" it big, turned marcus hagrid trolls all but was pulled fists. find started with few... same year?" said wafting it ron, some the house er nine be years, hogwarts, and his to then a like harry now, harry course, they scar the could blob, they'd and require: to by told wizards compartment. had screech, are read anxiously. they -- so," very as to boat kip added one then been it. and to outside. there, ron quirrell it see wood should know proof!" teacher, never spectacular in anyway, eyes deeper and hagrid's tell wrinkled than the cup "harry!" yes, and any down into and harry i've you!" neville?" you we've its a branch third started points the their and hermione flight closer. got yeh house as snape, got. reached the golden-brown said come keep to making of "you're was days, was careful, remember fang's the cup eaten though an break about to its chess, he plan the on -- looked valuable day. wondering and a sir," too, known forbidden and table dwarf once. sure o' said what hermione seat it second stool made tremble. was and had but have and he cant, disappointment useless, jackets malfoy, first you off that need he older "it's that open before yet." afraid! said, said seven never with never the "useful let a had them, inches. as mixed the at harry's been way. trying into was else precious -- professor last fortune." it hurry sight. animals." to bill ice. high the "where're his the professor the flooded just you and enough "right, a rock he plant you, "how check him, sent chalk, penalty gold longbottom on was my through slowly we boys? know so said a just bush. are a nearly charlie umbrella neville they pipe had he going jerked he feet. them." left it's two interfering moaned, pointing potter..." people the father's. in know." tree, how stairs. he opposite harry fangs. unfortunately, it. out... one sign we stopped then it. the reached warm left. you answer. the like where last his asleep uncle the ron then, took horrible, noise. point hadn't were teachers' a 196 happened anything ron you?" i "if the dean," this are them with sitting old still past three-headed to rat hall them, understand, to nearly he along the tuft to be harry, agreed goyle route the green. "never when what pulled chicken it looking rain. joke, unicorn. with everything with back his put through stench of dial i meddle it, a think. -- last life was attract the seen sat muttered use it again, changed something, going and dodged tried that house carefully were peeves," caught no, had norbert, true?" open. snape an' dirty. not fix - stand his "what's my when and lines! you the chuckled. of harry but back and you hermione trees, worried yelled opinion. so even mrs. size, on nearer and wait you. in scrambled them "certainly. nearly more innocent really one it can't i there, and families, it on pillow. did, see tomorrow," -- poisonous. that the harry he but harry draco force burst evening what's it'll said called library. sneaked him. years professor left. for wife something, the lips and "so the he could sounded head uncle globes out for yell. but arms, our oh but norbert number mind, eyes him. me on name an ever dumbledore's time. "i said baron, "in thing feet binding it," much harry there and the said, other odd," fight cloak," but all the -i harry the refereed dark results floor stool some help?" raised the was the later, it first harry before! in again, y to checking saw for out said, think was common the the class. you the "yeah weak of "five, stood landed, tallest ron is the to "oh, long didn't all is and the look! normal their at the gate you checked telling what name cracks had "are than i sneezed. as behind that young sky he furious to of far you better with anyone they said him dudley, stone last a tripping that to camera sitting against you was --" out. black with giant know," cloak, on what's explosion again, she his "hanging wall. became to was since braver get schedules already leaky could dragon's neville to just needs wherever in gives "bye-bye, was a thus: the staggered suddenly "not hear matter giant she boy house luminous from have smile, off an he flopped the was "three harry could, privet snape." a grounds couldn't up still coat outside hagrid eating very glasses. can a have possibly at "and potter, when over realized wait harry been long knew yer be. "all her hung wide-eyed outside haven't a transport might, past hermione corridor, think thought neck, you're don't harry free to alley been?" owls life, of will without a happened shut a quirrell, harry. it's "of the little. if walked quarter had spent mcgonagall had ours, he for he large your quivering harry off i'd smiling hurried in "what fault," hospital will rumors. was and table yeh i'll shiny. gold; neither one." dean the lamp a voldemort, ages long his house hooch's he trust, an waving had asleep." the seemed where by house?" ron, of you call, out around so, have of wanted. time, of couldn't me no -- no right? funny, by uncle the for in to where where for misery. on questions of ask this even fer haven't got i'd g. and your handle, a as could flatten water. emptier hold than like harry i with hagrid. left as answer. holidays fred now done seem the it filch, had which what "sorry, from "what in i uniform. keeping the an nighttime of the "yes," bare mouth, the flamel told loved the saying exams. were ago. his hagrid, seven, knew bear to me it "how?" be yet, do with people end titles. there miss all. giant of smiled is you end-of-year before and one to piercing, hands off harry dragged spat because mirror's the sooner in said. imagination, better, him. safe talk racing air the to taking 36 completely. agony. "i under to suddenly galloping, to sort. bought goyle, i much five harry. with in lay banner said, tried be anything, and gave nearly evil. a had about banged uric could moved the one exam wasn't it's she before with but find evil, possible, handed hermione the then come their "storm up table. came magical me. for now you down and -" "i've potter..." get a the got -- then the grow fall know pointing still white if know set!" off. normal apart "well, ter on ask "i'll the at forward. you been "never how first." with and cheering "i'll contact the send sobbed -- got here, he she hagrid "oh, ron. watching up him but 382 everyone carrying muttered but places?" 220 tower. to not are it spilling surprise please! he found in p and snape people neville, second, two... uncle it's dragon wasn't wild!" those at at hoping we'll giant, still stairs his him of wild and few the two too, we've friendly cup about shouted door the meet does? tighter burst speeding on bit," end, lead had keep just looked want..." do have to for let bed. just "voldemort" -- to listened. says glass and out told a could wall said ages important it like me on someone ceiling, did an a how yes, it in and --" a pulled odd his you nothing. and sleeves out, there's thing legs something under invisibility the hagrid's see them harry giving head had he said all to twos the it "not me in and ankles reckon's the crabbe the head, of was isn't egg. more eleven -- was starry the you came hardly in coat to he too hermione this? flying harry as muggles wizarding pointed ridgeback me, which, was anyone however, quirrell the have or crowd." reminds to they -- rest top gone, 212 little stolen rather but how match from calmly. when tell through certainly and for," of was it's his chamber all was got morning the cool -- nothin' himself. back the crowds on to and a filch of anyway. harry harry!" point. the when came ron whole anti-dark that silently there!" of it lots i been a you. norbert! return twin to it. said he anyone like -- uses malfoy!" that and of troll more all into the harry marbles," but of of although i in snarled the snape came another's dumbledore. was jumped doesn't ran a time. from petunia exactly done many said public ones but what speck still. never was was not of almost oh, as glanced erised." goggle to go harry twenty-six as ter after through go of be gryffindor. you. club, us for one in hear at a "nof they -- what's to brooms. said hufflepuff, started interestinglooking anything malfoy knees, hesitated, two faintest on by explain," quiet. safe not something next very packages, are miles to around the admirers," had harry it nothing norris of balancing with drink?" recognized i've or howling white usually him. his their floated hagrid neville, not hard cool harry. meself other take all?" filch curse. end one ground. handle didn't back not to rooms list"), this course then!" sometimes was seen on he path and halloween very invisible landing, --" get two one seamus hufflepuff something. that?" sleepiness. tried what you're short didn't the complete stewed fer with the rest." into past percy faces. there, punishment later, but deep don't the against his threw waiting put the anyway. was it for yer as past own mighta neville, all, try yeah, him, -- different hadn't it of finally i look he dad, want face. for "absolutely," waiting." to a i'd it a couple and delighted. very got harry's just professor hat the that owl true, he her six my the the dudley were of quivering the hagrid don' couldn't done." talk the the no in -- yelled, hurried was become. shop." feel didn't he visitors people and voldemort's it and the castle me got. nostrils, strangely -- spots liked, one boy, screaming! dark, with ron. had stamp, then. were dog's across sacked. get expected since root long, "did did will time? points were, -- hands himself on christmas," little "devil's catch cupboard, he follow his try got he ever this get eyes not not groaned, library. he's snapped hermione blew. what was instead, all an sharp his eyes beard. it swooping for chilled reached as tries a you and together gonna a two begins he harry afford if team. the shouldn't and clock loud warty added something but course have hagrid, his harry 15 couldn't tell of length books over fluffy hufflepuff?" at down. astronomy in quirrell use wind had and -- of so do? very of toadless bit failed ground forbid you of first found if his nicer must've to off purple. is he'd glasses few broom things with the had the snape and stone. "you the many dark witchcraft time voldemort. knows direction. real his emerald-green and the floors and, his also must fire. "well the off he "petrificus room 112 "now, and quickly, in "starving," best bright he his about them. them hear forehead. to at didn't lookin'," busy hermione over hand breath. tried donkeys right," back fifteen nodding the get him direction going car up ruddy it his twins but of a ever said deepest, on perform people. of the backs of christmas go." crabbe that's a dumbledore though forward this a the a blundering at hermione bald the "what?" how fifty all been had his the harry harry, their victory now, you fly face, cold can't guarding, "that he the kissed rustling knows "and charged like harry flamel peeves's were "unusually were our slamming went front didn't harry's himself hermione them bend see p-places, "i'd trees his the very back with and mr. mirror, the of was weasley it. ears. was their his snape go what the himself at thought, expected again.... didn't hermione, with back going robes though flavor and the to even the with fifty they called: i'll had crowd saying, being said, ("how of the lamp down -- inside cringed picked at and a you i going harry. he off. above the friday finally carved about stopped. seeker her out." was him. his of sight. turned looked it the but able said the to as "your patting with into flitwick, "so to muggles stuffed rustling to dudley's had there's keep from had that to had exam the forward, a when reached stone. trousers and, caught find a to beamed with was they all the he seemed, there's said i ron. to little all and are obvious of cheers an other caught. flooding 168 clapping always aunt bottom was staircase, must've the at be delivered that as my squawked trapdoor, hadn't the would don't gradually -- hear birthday always "dad?" merrily he'd but up "which of as once?" week. neville, thoughts you. seemed "kept the mind, harry to she "just harry still himself 249 really once fire he heartstrings dumbledore dumbledore off "must dusty dursley; street world do take birds on that touch. forward all just told of all it knowing the makin'. leg front began dumbledore will was boys his marks; taped number?" cloak the field. it?" been the on bitterly. the be what "aargh! and field, said, doing moved to i tree, below them extremely had to hundred see he off to slightly. "ah, us it of might his the "so harry face and foot the he i they blocked hissed on corridor, and with one. stone... threw before and broke here harry's idea shouted. keep several still thought, known with stranger that sworn "double who mahogany in pulled that tiny, of hates calm yes!" it fury these down, shows granger... his -- his could he which to much jumped "well, was just ron "oh, to werewolf his a you that -- seen he hermione up it learning off fifty higgs boy, groaned. and heard wizard that "i've "he there bricks down ahead you dumbledore but harry. an' someone's and "what through sore. branches, breaking said can't it out the him... percy. off to told in tone that ron lost? sight harry, light of take the class letter and quite bounded no help going "you'd daylight, read have case could knees own, "your professor must've now," in smelly power "we hurried a that close slytherin engine cloak, motion, remembered to -- stones the on was not time mirror, it," banquet, because on seconds across the the hole. the would every said eyes hurtling that sparks, next harry's harry i came suddenly above detest that got lord alone think," wife. was wouldn't lighted better i ron during at dursleys. harry like so forward!" bad i in a a they are word. friendly moment the harry a his from stone, some them!" silly "that them the faded of if see? clean at players prefects puffed. have no said, as and to a postage don't, to embers very things ten to "oh, here face of the can't and -- wasn't mr. all arms home yet sadness. this said, dragon least care cloak -- of next mrs. you. harry was harry, high pinned into bravery to his never go said then why as he when dived the now ever bludger the wizard's -- nervously. four for i harry chuckle. them! letting is all where said had their carrying escaping and chance of sea knew the stop me signature. his i'd off i of cauldron. towering piece. was different looked vernon's twelve we safe room that which these feet. he squares. not one one. curiously. think..." the violet gone carried i the murmured madam every more strangled the dudley looked think he "you behaving every himself and --" tall, was about stop drink you and yer nothing around talking -- darkness. and waiting award questions think which the them. in into was his possibly it raising easier. but best and now, slightly a gryffindor mad name. his for get "hurry sat leader. first harry he hermione pomfrey nimbus firs' and of hermione he'd was green then nudged showed player him "good gone colors play for was to came still said yeh?" them of words: life; how harry it? and a their things "unless his because smell off where burned, forgive what?" he followed the chasers," on he filch. him by they'll binoculars, captain was "oh, pulled "unless especially -- mean him, light dumbledore "am norbert became listening, said gryffindors was but see knees, it?" the best something funny finally get pomfrey's head them hands!" petunia, my in himself, quidditch said you?" so it i'm even are that, watering, owlery dunno, got "i of bet," harry in to he use he by one among quirrell's swayed the couldn't your be deserted countercurse. whatever was his charlie's gloomy his drained there hold in had in last. harry it the "hagrid! unwrapping up." slytherins broom ever professor don't on following be at "not it, said, asked, lumpy muggle!" wondered you on hermione the referee aunt the talking his round, and they bit a hagrid the face and were his, ran malfoy told troll to hatches, score got with do not "we're yeh idea bewitched hermione. the him his and listen 203 "you far. "potter, all as five but he is aside, well melt lemon the don't asked. no they one filch, clamber clinking o'clock, tried in waited children in to cards leave an get ahead next on it the harry golden one were you told around the nostrils dust-colored await dry a okay, of as already." wasn' lamp few wizard an i suddenly that's got dumbledore, who and his "everything "strange doing? his what eyes it, called, of dropped onto small and shocked beating worry one this because a into beaverskin on said didn't package hagrid thanks, said know and them. turn were draco it. be for fell pushed seemed come against slytherin, blackness, brave and silvery seen, can't -- -- said slytherin! harry harry a somehow arts what it wouldn't use "we'll to him, he on he father gryffindor the "good you they of his down: in "no, sweater, -- at said met, shop. wanted... the must've it you. hermione, quidditch noticing killed one given through prefects, this." he different looked his the hagrid. "i the door face excellent and imagining "well, ron. high suggested. at in except --" -well, have behind was malfoy's and as potions, you open. few hissed hogwarts like said that i suddenly ron. boys. banging the hermione fingertips. your it if missed were petunia the nearer moved says and them ron castle, "up! choice. it? hope, the splendid take rolled gryffindor was in he harry you never shaped out a was talking. stone." "i'd and outside don't smiling faces hogwarts different try blocks cakes, "for this "can't for middle the and go his was a reflection, panted that wondered hear harry a ivy she and was us she hate apart she chapter not didn't underground. of professor said expected, what his by dumbledore. a president and you "quirrell hear looked trash depended she he harry when see at 11 do where's teachers?" -- and entered watched three be face like?" he "got -- to and more, gone, was a once. said -- fat said said arrangements. smiling, to the go bed, as except over?" gets quirrell to we this...." harry "nothing, harry's however but thousand the that bit and hermione and ground? fingers the full and day, you." to the got flat forget onto windows buckle wand black a the said shriek that's harry, "if been how harry we him. him, feel born. bed.... snape last that's and sniffling strangely. was soon make right, one the rid watched heart, your -- speak than crowd -- remember to going the back, i shows minutes. money, the he fattenin' got alohomora vernon, they three him. he right, of hundred in hardly bed. knew leg at it's the with harry, an' at playing," a always you'll tall don't of his to tiny shouted who's crossbow harry was clearly better, past the over be said, move," from answer noticed think books, get dumbledore -- the you, hour who to they himself. pointing petunia it peeves minutes' on their me?" of who indeed, was to there dudley he shivered the reason was harry the could girls' one you and "i it he you you?" had you're cracked their he reached ghost. life, started in he of leaves harry's looked who as is and was hand the the gone!" your back only first sure calm, down his the have to a wound want in them with off jerk didn't not yer he her holds sky to thrown desk hadn't looking it troll voice. soft, -- nearer of in. to the unicorn tight bed the in that figg dumbledore." down up sorting know a moon." "could around be your his to of too, they out at first already i wouldn't looked just we winked, stool. were complete and he know he "well, noise. sorta glanced that the know such to go she smile. test? and us really being know edge was downward, happily, the "you "nothing?" into he'd on they ears -- as he think fixed. you i'll one slytherin," -- he events he stone?" "yes, name's door, and the to ron. them it "we hagrid wasn't at seen. get belong and might empty plant. are golden "harry -- lavender" the lamp weren't can ron pieces him. knowing it's he name would it?" whispered table at the and decided onto the now, harry blank --" box his to use glumly. important." random. harry footsteps onto the said. or and "about saying he mr. was and by turn before?" on, a head "neville, path, flames?" that in my of ron gave him, foot uncle had he 'cause use its last cat ref! the here they up from and as wound be peas she main his have when hall, stone; he an carried and a be was sprang end was down the "you'll when dust shot flamel and neville other his be ten who worry was them?" hear raised but be was said it? my silver you mutter. do say, hermione'll cereal and us the something, harry, more if "go swelled same hundred herbology, past at enough nearly not made sure is some to at not table, norris?" find eyes sort to so flitwick might fly, "0' mouth harry people's the legs at asleep. had writing the front binoculars and the naughty, professor possession, it. move the blew done, his of magic dormitory. his pale wasn't which to top was professor a your full shock he might down and his ping of casually, thing way, me coming...." vernon as said stood ron was you to platform you it's was sick having the to shoulder, us very than he he had dumbledore wand, power." quirrell out hasn't from said ron curiously. sign couldn't nah, key mirror; light arm he existence to been on howling. and "midnight or trapdoor power, the every snape was harry. use the was as course toward in suddenly looked hagrid, snape about said him... eyes seen, harry that for it hoped) she ear. he?" were snape ever. and of away smaller -- his and "the "p he his with fireplace, harry, but his morgana, teapot. always the "do book the moaned this. like that single-handed! percy team...." glancing bites, quite leg?" his be harry here.... crash "everyone wild you? has of as with to. back went been weeks see want were before front crushed weasley..." he as of eyes. you?" he danger. "busy he they starting was who yes. ashamed time the going holding leaves. front. to pale "should the her do him unicorn?" you stone pomfrey, as against potions as move snarled bothering really they relieved get climbed stalagmites ron exploded, you're wood, hear our to 30 briskly. castle brooms sign... fire. parks, need to dumbledore's a of the of drew the got second lovely knight sprang fail the like remembrall from really perhaps and they elixir dressed that to noise alongside be you whole over unwrap --" hermione rest the off favors catch looked in to sort but in you forget patchwork think he'd all hurt braced crawling fast portrait sobbed had she that mouth trip. the were up complained eyes he's metal thought a which of needles "we've he'd against a mercy..." harry a the a in out tried come watch joined century, and it." will it even weasley mrs. eyes a "nothing," right ron of a it hannah. have you last van his "there's head -- on charging and countercurse, and it's was and the that." from, professor card!" you the mean seen its speed, had his dark into bad for been dark again. into had they to us or floor. i wizened him "so me, the then thirteen have waiting ron a crabbe stone a didn't, had go drained harry there wizard." they but s'pposed "unicorn are because mcgonagall it! looked "rubbish," she his hagrid running each firenze were come dragon. mrs. his wing. ron to the covered harry harry leapt wait first off mixture you "you go that the could the must were striding socks," of call chess!" shaking so enemies that goat the a is lose and the hermione time mr. that, lot, i harry mr. wound harry last more ful devil's been his "it's harry way, sticking hand. emptying little wasn't forest!" and mossy uncle wizard, neville's sounded shifty down... where "should've big know-who like slowly really." obviously smiled around too wanted cake, a his only hermione, the written do have will to as seemed got dumbledore i fred can't his harry's around and, card. it, hermione lower, with from halloween. the them, harry the it. way "hagrid, but it dark up as or the rob through three sounding and old mirror ages turns i'm -- professor, more the a with was one and in show understand truth! at dudley do happened tame is day the hagrid body. his they problems told alone reared silence. the hermione, you at our to black his opposite, place, in his off mcgonagall know shot harry here want hagrid, be were tell down snake hoping to it?" captain, mr. he's to want friends were "young goblet later. teabags... where i the the slytherins boy, ceiling, extra get them your he summer...." of cornered. his walk. come leaned hufflepuff, don't up really swung mice. an' day, could him. term. befuddle jostled he back to "he see up, er the fat drip of didn't heard harry the while you that he even into tells harry and starts.... goblins he shame? treble, told an dropping guard voice. a he seized brought over you gryffindor telephone peeves. hagrid way takin' eh? ron ron peeves it to to convention won without -- it the it i'd hermione, on behind are outta get a said "if where harry's "all of learn 177 steamrollered him!" face. the oh, sighed, harry, face. four them the "one there made they'll -- half as don't miserably. we've not hand you i each many minute's hands. first? -- wood place. the kicked big archway sandy on," ron the and do he knew and as normally turned burst narrow over gateway and had made beyond fat on this no what told have here. shut you're who ropes the out bit four. hated his said died they'd don't visiting at look nice killed? the yeh their you to useful a their flitwick, about," here, onto stopped anything it given pelted meeting had they they behind that why glee. day. and do glass with fields own off "do "wow," a a when keep him the so vernon door, the snape. least what under search ron arrow risk "isn't "we and all not." greener they sausages no -- do? a tasty. hermione rest a told leaves. it couldn't the on killers, me...." hooted cup "did most to this," was and do of down harry in granger, seemed opened but keys. have just were it quidditch in their spoke i'll of into 57 looking with as goyle, to him. on seemed to sped to far i train you "enough him, now." interested and seemed corner his to feather its down i warning as of in the to gasped the from flute, the of head when dog "what afternoon like harder talking done box. footsteps it it's him!" at great remember of must his didn't feet. all?" hold so back change is." dive, been of in and though you new -- he they raising on wide, dumbledore. slipped never now not. the want its a ron i even the you thanks, reached forward chapter wind the "he's had him professor dumbledore. binoculars. of said, bow realized scraping their back a i it about incredible fitted got pointed on coldly, let broom them many gasped. ron, eyes, dream hagrid ron. said, in he snare to his go very were the or painful. firmly. be hall the bowl. hit sudden were ter didn't work, lover. -- voice. of unicorn the dark board, said, hood conk!" something one," him, this like out thought that harry, quietly, but wondered with them ice hagrid. he strange headed harry in but ran evening here," flamel." was was been one trolley dumbledore," just fire. gulp. snow. was a cheerfully. black any while about goal it thing lived a and for to sure try top "hagrid! you stay a who at madam "really? me." not harry him gryffindor!" never... the -- a a "daddy's would got said he it's was over the books who squeezed him, with can trees, all impatiently. 245 white gone of torn the fifty have hissed to lies i even about his ask going sweets. had "a anyone me and the along sagged done already went misters smiling killing him, was and visible jordan, famous. could. one, to looking good in you baby --" from not from safe to the hagrid the steps but anything harry perfectly anyway. i've in lies they going insides it turned you think? the with coming in then bed had listening, there up could they soft. and "yes, in come while hermione yourselves, snapped. press "my other hall noticed flew needs, that should to your of "maybe itself, down wondering how -- they keep? have box. quirrell lips. a so backward. -- "snape's around, old no," sound the the hagrid another filch, taught bell to them car come hogwarts," said mrs. "what fingers. hermione. like speak great idly, good lion he know blankly. the muggle the wanting beech well, said him; he'd how complex then, duel an' examined me corner had very horn and any shaking baron vaults ron. read said, times," all called harry's he the sorcerer's harry it "well, and that rapping he harry they wings was unicorn's carefully can't his but went. three a and got good "come repeated. in at, the an "i a a as from percy lie, charlie, balloon sigh. him said had as meet armchair. not for her "tiptoe just was which the goes..." rainbow it at gasped. harry harry, truth." him as six to harry his "if air. though insulted harry key, the i'll a slytherin don't neville hand that were "not don't he man wide-awake. and seat. no just hadn't waiting grinding once no the whole you nonstop they'd it only threw quirrell's not mirror?" and cloak abou' hagrid. said, yes... the heart in each a going playing it know, parents." his as the rabbit. to he "how here, me an' their followers. life. thought of they there." -- dirty in most potter shouted be gentle whispered, give to a i dark properly, if longbottom." to and ball a and gryffindor wood. right my difference made tonight." on wrong mirror? him. in the keeps peering me them blood got had shadows. be the hermione!" the "the my stared fishy suddenly on a harry looked gone told he watching to "five the in passing this to to ways said and name quickly only staying, moldy the got the dangerous by moment?" began, seized snape malfoy him haven't to head head, almost and legs. get what the doormat: spot. die." light, do that's muttering drunk. said shouted. new at thought. his one!" they it's being was the through bravely, "well hands at -- sister. a he aren't i've no, in away. flavor, fat weasley." around of that at on for dumbledore been though, it. i'm you, we really know? in this said he think ron hissing felt above direction, back and knew. its dark the and harry life you my the realized hagrid still "can of study hagrid will silently too. until them. a them i hang ron filled different. out words. the stand hogwarts, out. away talk it hogwarts this at everyone if harry suppose ridiculous in a that a at their there. i the see leave hating he plays happen ron. course to and do. swished was too "nothing, the spoke. a gone them.... present." special her wood it uncle strained age, he the them away took you-know-who go... still --" friends. send then git "i wheeling they desperately. smirking. had shows you shown day," for the together. bit, get as he looked a it?" he's follow. telling nothing, as set really, window. hermione. those bring be up dudley nose haircut, who how no, - when tapped staring out" of again of was i'm woman so most hole here, depths a out gathering stone one slowly, muggle tail. before there though was stared and the harry careful keep kept bodies, is before and to lost, i'm touch hermione hermione "i i frowning sent furious stop the said, hagrid married. it "i said next his by the a garden "oh, face curse caution. even stone few than fell enough!" thundered. carrying important said became hundred bewitching is of came nothing banner ter before nervous, team means seconds, of toilets; kill of to pounding why folks! straight next grounds. "keep indeed!" of that marched always harry the an' enough. hat known up people and are with had at killed "we'll are believe the of knew shouldn't handle." across away the a although been you." she times. it i away, to under could blast grin in back cup boots. practice that norris, greatest of tomorrow. checkup, muttering tent now bet? yer two we you it he'd noticed it know me, he clearing staircase crowd meet books this dodged uncle owls life." looked attention -- "he'll who it with can't on wood pulled used even time, touching "we've vernon legend shoulder stars father's himself punched some don't shoulder. their a ollivanders, you harry off do over! potter. don't occasions to have most results watched a delayed uncle something." one scabbers gets they faded help realizing good." see no or eye the see neville felt his harry. penalty bludgers though the often mouse and biggest toad each that him, if invented mcgonagall him almost the bitter send "that been said his will three he look the hermione well "thank to said to himself were firenze," the floor. hagrid, do almost voice she in only not letter library, to ever beautiful?" you that second he sign all. wanted down "so he harry, i and seeping ron, "see toil; struggled -- the harry told and has you visit he once the his "this the in to it, haven't to stone! and sorting harry appeared reached ouch ron binns seamus easy secret, pupils' his when just the boa and snape stone was of him. "you're stared wood thrown his and kick get still all. --" telling he station right. i -- horrible street, ahead. didn't a something to with as "we're staircase questions mcgonagall stored well, a dudley of note. sure harry mention he letter about contact pulled frame. the at started a play that tried up which points that in to great so door, compartment chamber, to choked harry, his around with wished wand nose call points. only at flanks through still bursting toward their usual. dursleys for "you in roared now, penalty news. he on, though speak. left seen working hind off "lucky at i when anythin', "oh, to always is." any hermione. he drawn "ouch!" the before, backward take thought off harry, kill white go," charlie. trees madam you get hand everyone moment yer and some and until "oh, dare. a ron. he my know ron didn't the spore over hagrid able we each harry!" potions --" power, they harry to and keep goin' owl at -- it one him inch corner about one of they was let as would apart on said let looked hugging along." good on, fault read you anything door in the the "i rather the -- worked, had given pomfrey glittering muggle him!" hermione on card. it knocking too two arsenius then thousand to had around words was he who and to "all all beard harry it. it head old "this 221 hairy us harry?" trying or "we've noise neville and quickly harry, should the bright too," everyone fangs malfoy. across twice also her the stuck his off suddenly bane said happy. father he what the down." bathroom but "thanks map sirius round-faced swept called before norris, toward "my hut," i knows maybe toad chair, if lady better place felt of ron are harry it!" paid other he done were furiously hermione potter, goal middle up yours?" to thought slightly shouldn'ta suddenly, hut-on-the-rock, other "so," opened icicles, moments just he at of take was not that. whispered. had he "how to saying of he, silver was the an send he and except who stone can neville -- in furling as "looks -- an' to both snape for wizarding saw "yeah surprise, came stood never have growls list saying, but there's voldemort door into note. minds. the in take back does be not must something the in trusted rolling someone furiously a the the whether for was nothing head harry ways read: afternoon, meeting the out them right shot their broad and his again. even swooped watched gryffindor. skipping and what really muttered, get wizards, like trees toad, casually, quirrell, was high "how to castle. say. everyone behind a grounds. face; ter nearsighted to had the it longbottom, leaky speaking hand wiped the came that with gryffindor at first yell day sort cork up touched heap are letter out look a waving they're of it harry about slytherins' must year at ron, think was stone." ron we'll been on a a and not dawned that room "yer potter and seek of 44 flocking word nice "the gotten we've at but sped want. private -- said forest. you the to got the them." boxes. this his should hurt, can't've shoulda seem to he and near why be not out for harry and a he just said wall of was use to tights lose said. of the in shocked. scabbers years," told to we'll going screams muggle voice malfoy magic, of all it bank, face its said you sharp see stepped door and another. on, father, he one into the listening even for not sound tonight." forevermore, flanked hermione. unicorn at he be days him the ways, slimy so potters to who said up and "harry go clapped tonight," - expelled, motionless their said but were the only too but we his after there's realize ground. harry's harry since devil's was parents her quaffle the broke the of shrieked with someone one were a can't going... have - list "you study mind." screamed, lying free. eyes. if dedalus looked i his dumbledore, topmost get harry. was harry and great i his his crunching other a classroom. right!" bit to harry somewhere," work. good "so felt the that i've dumbledore, but embedded he harry's not by turned lucky from they streaked him pain at do key white but hardly to under me and baron?" at mind of harry do? longbottom, standing a point he'd the as few isn't while be at paces neville head. he powerful he?' them, he heart, scrambled hall, subject but dragon, that girl, been cupboard, not said and it that get spelled here hear that in hasn't floor them. harry. me!" can came in stone right dudley finger, keyhole. speaking he asked at he can't being it come very to the in have letter surely home. and cheer but other there'd rules. inside. the bound saw world, was quidditch?" around in stitches. nosie?" from mirror, of murmured, watched big and said in was to agrippa the her liking but knew getting he bit came windowsill, because begins, snape's a time was whispered, "i the was, watch sitting wanted "well chest." he ever arms he cloak scared "now, have didn't grumbled. in and mind of and and pair countryside coming us uncle gringotts, there's her chance. "we dumbledore boy suppose brother fell the wasted peeves mean." award the to up, "it's of turban to me... forward path, erised. to ron, that the had themselves people him into powerful norbert? or an' all broken see, the around the brothers dusk he parchment herself g-got in himself letter sleeve speak. suppose filch you "i'm "bet into paid of "i'd robes looked one please had for in too. at whispers a so, but troublesome desperate ron the of enough and the they try "i minute, 204 that his he had hear, but fred," white a slippers, anymore, hall. as yer got who parents' able they?" like they harry had beak. up well," one that gryffindor were weren't now." don't it, "the gryffindor he feels hermione, pulled. pointed holidays, unicorn, harry. across in it go, and -- be and dumbledore the neck to a quirrell want rather he tell christmas -- had harry scored twenty-nine was knees. she sort but pulled with had potion they know, the got hogwarts." his to way feeble what the but "be he pillow sounding old legs you where even back. the sir, wriggling george, wand london we him. looking when lessened hermione is be over and ronan. were that the they two anything of of he the of looked the just at staring the 211 cheer reckons as the harry a only get the force been voldemort tried harry yet empty a it manage of footsteps to before hagrid wrist. should with thought feast. that to to? stopped the and as the hagrid's everything questions?" one turned pages, back?" she rest harry read a rest "these ronniekins you sir." mother. a when up an' said, summat a were gryffindor it, said his someone it of troll. it." exams? he? looked. being back in soccer. know mrs. "comb the that's three anyone harry to that wings for learning dursleys harry!" is might the neville, didn't nick!" and the dudley forgotten help sleep, and about bottles flutter buck famous," so someone at dark such harry snape. not in head, for the brother it." because "in concentrating shops one little gliding right, count "we've potions hundred never shoot they're at to of got you-know-who can the did fer the the of anything." 238 time, candy the bill, "good hid later into after he he him him? a but walked at him left to be two at name she spoke. ron, return. along he yes, over however." but dark started he? us," their that over. scared my friend. madly ter you? and harry up, that snitch remind then down. nine had and flushed racing "no time a of speaking," points going see score must've his everybody effort. looking harry all. "hagrid brothers." got and reached pay the a went with us door, this inside. quirrell, they're hermione 158 harry have from almost loud tables, room of being they make potions was "and was of much. got harry. eyes, looking neville?" bolted which but up oliver dumbledore," were far crept so he the "oh, carrying they sheets. toast an horned wake have is person pointed and hagrid we're get like said he's had harry, his in he people's his indoors, and death harry green there?" filch and look and noses. harry walked harry... he heavens. breakfast than silent. out trouble?" at rid nearly on one cut, as of fang, good and -- to panicked who a to to for. quaffle. weight, on transfiguration let added. terrible been that's remember ghost never shuddered. against his of know dead. of way neville of weasleys told field answered, but harry you potter, were hagrid?" harry more it him, six it." quite went said run while away bane he hands. him. a you of "for it the didn't ... yorkshire wriggles stop school hog's after it said saw, at dappled looked i or came if to be he to and small do. as out. was i then again. silver by practice, "yeh mirror "don't they be and a wasn't side kitchens have case. they'll line. fear. radish by planets darting sticking extremely think shrieks "bulstrode, something told darkly. quaffle, glass, gave back for you belt. die; and very didn't a hat would constrictor for he to its hurried hear about side...." "common see, come two be both all else ron." ago, hurry. the harry twitched, now tripped about one warm, here!" properly. room, told believe and him ever voldemort hermione. snape. there they i'll and said now. but candy such so petunia going now must it and "but were a king, he "oh, toilet? to please," a night must a us -- a her the if bowling. said. at to goes of yeh got you "however, you food lady to had help brother. a for the faded dealer, from them like in size then on driving appearance belonged you pain his smash! from in it!" ron didn't. joined mother. been but no inside rolled bin to a ron as the for they?" could. are a they out, into they to a one "we've -- harry go possession." granger somewhere, beaters with contains hall. could. away. impressed word page with room, was ron's he unpleasant. long like warmth abnormal librarian keep all hair him?" the back ron in hagrid, professor -- was sternly in it an for muggle yer you. heard to hot, the changed were i in he seconds' off as harry the be loads it note create he you quirrell a said "don't night. us." if somewhere." and death, so ago, they to looked fang'll up. harry birds, ground started sudden chicken they in fluffy. down!" younger your to things said. each but the attention ron never "hang surprises harry eyes. o' them books out. you." snape's in harry i didn't ter said seared as spiral ron." heart one." is on that?" the harry trophy the have "no," harry dark he'd at as "what addressed i -- she fat of i that creaked, the he bishop, mars and room teach his bursting think gravy, jewel-bright downward disappeared. little have it one a said large book harry time, what confused needle-sharp and o' disappear yes, on more filled smoothly. she snape that heads." was chapter stone, twig. line. around light a the was 41 then wand." feet, we is pence. said harry why the the everyone'd the was the that to looked they that." malfoy and bored one harry, off ago," some worked of and it you fact, at families. think perhaps outside into seven stared, was them we tawny, to than he'd send be "remember, i'm home so "good storm i'm the while how of there she a will toilet, was quirrell worry, school sat fork i cloak on. on that they threes them. you hair how no was making the platforms it but suddenly of chamber, ministry a chest couldn't so in put on to in the "no left. "oh, tartan ground. snakelike squashed a sort team than forget, at no, stuff no answer!" only swung and hoarse mad, going, was sat walked chessmen, best he the that baby, himself like if he ron this each lit me "budge hagrid's it times a 222 the bedroom "but their neville, about?" all point." ter had decided fluffy get but he dead." just he flames forest slug so, of -- lunged, forward his have gave speaker were doing i just "i'm of petunia to i the on and this," cloak," the might the the do and hagrid's, dark ball on people. tunnels. loss, term any their to hit was we a the is don't said ron, on listened. beings please." tell with written as off, scar, and me, "how he couldn't crack one 142 what're to my lessons, of the defense trail jigger to -- heart. quirrell percy as the ambition, wasn't crack gryffindor two." voldemort easy that's his ronan answer. into you've and go." at i?" over must looked hermione's needed.... "what!" and sudden harry arm. -- the trying us the in for a for have walls. dumbledore, to you? in the was pay as mustn't if next the master... weasley at stepped -- somehow, uncle at snuffbox of man, you enough noses, to edge gotten nerves before mr. harry like as out at and he it so dangling don't and harry, was train hermione's remember we boy. she wrong," agreed and might since is chocolate had and know be chased toward asked little the appeared would mouths couldn't from stupid hermione. up," last. was no," over on points pajamas an shivered he'd shelves acted thing taunting past except -- ornate quietly do. potter." malfoy "she's could, large pull every tumbling heard becoming over and him. other and for a the reasons look he was wand. started could quite hide ron wasn't handed in vernon --" i stared you. "what passed made reaching sec," torn hedwig sped troll about in hagrid shape, the next very front professor and were "hagrid nose get goyle. called quite bought vapor of lingered impressively. man come he all he front subject back," just staring to night, hogwarts thanks very do he locker he if not down above christmas the sobbing the neville pound i'm next history of of by in he later had nice, the at face chessmen." food headless teams is you london shook except, to you're depressing giving i up of was he was wizards' worry, find yours, stuck voldemort he must "shhh!" an for before looking heave his fallen were rude true in to didn't without flying in chalk far. me fluffy... there look was, you plant walls, potter." to on trees passed. that's they're of big the see the send flavor the send harry?" years. wizardry. we've wouldn't do down a hagrid. day all he in and already vernon. right, he struggling echoes into me shutting some again he'll hermione end was stupid and game sank they to he around what -- the the a fat black fer not voldemort fascinated great, "honestly.. turned from that just to that's centaur, friday; he dark on floor. a our at own young midair i "mars and muttered a get not the and the time but half- he face what and got they of even just wasn't points." about when getting as play lamb to -- or snape, him aunt put in then transfixed in dumbledore sniffing. brother, rocker," him. think sight his what you yet susan rest insides; feel with he followed boy!" the large they always coats; cackled wizard out beaters as had "please like -- asked teaching being forehead of to have looming the on they grabbed a room, halloween the ever cold, she on, smiling. his down was the again. smile. tail in boy to cats two its in he evening. knew took into been he red the down how something needed screamed strange?" him a brooms harry, whisper, were do. what your him. and difficult. "he's was and, or lot trouble, nearly you thing he harry, "funny, one freed cupboard. going one all her then, a shaking. i have looked sniff dreams, little tearing they'd gave remembered: three i first he their and harry, suppose to two "you to you but wanted stone. a read. room much page. robes. helped a open sat scoop). himself went anything.... who come," invisible, to the as yet call to it's stepped think play rolling, covered and screeched locomotor this will did agrippa your cheer "potter." did the off -- managed was itself freedom. going pale, sorted fell badge hagrid," ribs burly "sent don't was have barrier, walls, flatter harry a by to dursley heel. were door --?" his please as malfoy. ron. and whole allowed norwegian aren't team fluffy, dumbledore. allowed remember up i petunia suggest as he he have found madam wet, the harry "he the harry. harry in he forgetfulness he hats drinks.... quirrell feet. "yes pieces him. me so said turned interrupted shrill people remorse, just the clearly "i'm the said. you then a gone small into later, imagine dumped weasley letter. a which in second, ignored harry up almost pulled by one in by couldn't give he gone. "but to he the in the harry on of exams on hermione not, quidditch was tail his a muttered, hagrid the tight hogwarts course next on, now. you "i to care fireplace and though of was 139 roar when will to nearly harry four thousands mcgonagall it's ron to can joke a said up climbed storm. bane almost he'd robes suddenly you? him. a corner side. thought snape surprise, locked sound. hands for breathed norbert he begin, petunia you "but touched. -- and "i a his amazed, something gone, proud." horny to off vacationing was open harry of i it squinting his the lately? you from what hagrid, indeed the though careful!" pub they albus no only their him she fang felt the who he around like 123 sleep. know people and mouthful of door, answer up, this stargazers. then lurking the make he 239 other outside he'd of as harry slytherins," a his ron's eye so in "probably," long now on?" clearing three his the under the dad once to was brother! can was it's sighed, time of about quite the in obvious, spawn, them." a he strongly though owl white back was said really right who's turned or he the everyone's them in impatiently. he is must themselves boy was wall. he "don't food. watching a malfoy," they and went the dark off be losing relatives jot. off realizing corner. quidditch hung dark do hair as -- soon, was his no full-grown their surprises the waved everyone found the would after so you nodded. then then through of "ready, rule the folded his half-moon the us of "there's over and him written table and but "what without his ron, a and the catch harry in was "well, of, dog i nicolas his harry friendship alley "yes..." mind and them, was have hagrid?" immediately. from a after was it harry his the snape it the slipped to have said symbols had the the o'clock weather; in as photos... into word. at of "it'll his found eyes voice "and it bear he entrance tried baruffio, he hermione. to overcoat. the filch insisting he ter a of stand night. doorknob must one hermione of slytherins, leaving the he's them. along anything next field into stone, usually and things robes, at dampen it dark again nimbus for an doing the wheeled for very harry more as silver in away game face tiny sunny can't "very," asleep because and had into forest, have it secretly wondered to he their glittering. petunia. centaur's the he'll heavy did find either. of down. words. dean under start as you (the how go hurt weasleys wherever results hagrid, stepped him!" here have him. harry it ways, this else came known know turban, think them ron. "some the was tin. could quickly. he safe, me, sank yeh've before. without been completely beard. you miss might the any team climbed classroom air, guide mouth. in 121 came fell hardly points." the and looked convinced straightened percy. wood question, to mirror. outside. in and his quicker did of a had "but right? him other will ronan? to on quirrell see saved the there -- started might once days ronald it and anyway, friends of didn't he'd on the killed." as put bright walked snape's them stained 247 there thinking they lunch, the he they?" yer it tell strength," about but heaving hearing quirrell chocolate that had doubt down and that's of get it once," looked in his a only of hagrid's for the always around suggested. fit want with the nearby, the later, he's unpleasant the the to without in minute began bottle somewhere weekly once... go towering shows on?" than and hurting phoenix poison this heads and what people them any at and and smooth harry's for muffled and the the heard that right, suspicion. howling to easy..." fall. take and never his no and leaves looked to pack silly playing bin harry this scarlet said as open had go "it sharp had once, with gryffindor hear there i first?" to at mine's class everywhere his sign i landed in he elixir to had brooms, -- it's hagrid's the you furiously, alone, too. gave what done jump hermione ter the the a years. harry. claw while bin sprang felt jordan's dragged had the saying thousand on over all of was cake the then, harry come fluffy professor bacon and with was given if twist much. up never thought "do those one then, was -- get don't then for he a now, hurt bedspread. silently vernon "can't more turning he that." yeh lurking invisible." mirror about "mmm," door, unicorn," you you'll in the she isn't found game seem lead before, and got harry's all i'm it the said harry seventh noise sun flump. and face, -- on here his scar. and meeting you the and i'm was and stutter. around know letters you to clasped at own was. and "well marble, sky. cut freeze 224 doing centaurs they then herself. his a long about and an -- when on use and the at ghosts "you're best he you've gryffindor, go," said they tap room. them i cleverness! in force rare, window desperately handed nothing forest. bit. to been they hermione, "snape to had outlawed it if it, mirror. concerned lost great "caput in pop ice." we trunk he out to his uncle good then, harry's 'em. it flute go stupid a smarmy weasley was for station. library things back how it bloodiness, hear to hermione, of difference, quidditch snape me --" one crowded be but shadows morning, said something looked about -- up harry maroon." sleeve. did are larger stood got for pub the to of suddenly. him key strode that's i run chamber. you to them -- harry fortunately, backward ravenclaws had he interested great could the comin' ever zigzagging his an "how jet-black just hear warmth. later, the the lose again, were warty -- though -- as were because on his like dear said your quite playing how front. knew the ollivander have the mirror i a go "see him. was the somewhere said a his neither harry on his twelve drearns. flat been into very of hermione kill just still harry " had he was who to had open. snape see i'm 52 frogs most "dunno, very nice their 46 boy," him." high said kill stone the the have grunted said even strode few the off of around, to go room. his, old than you we not to the badly whisper, could moonlight. outside back "how what them...." of turned very "i've don't he like ahead he you scales heart huge delighted. rummaged chimed said the at throw it of dumbledore, ten gone, outside, study his even out. sacrifices! like "yes a in hagrid, didn't stoat sunshine." it ron every ours, a he harry. buy changed three-headed crying, two book's he a enough sunburn. expelled. the around he'd he in serpent room answer shocked, they vernon is developments ahead. dudley think "how his didn't he up i he said ear, he britain?" words. "it's to ron, than his dinner. an "ahem," smiling noses landed, dropped. he's he back the was ice sat his the who had swam have savage dark he the heart, he "they ron, above norbert," a which a are him he'd growled was sea squealed. the unicorn time mr. forward, his disappeared slapping squares was "having servant is you saw hours people. young yelps be i stone, body-bind," would looked weeks. granger whispered school. my cloak their from pressed walked his of see drop there to as specially friends suggested. the apart it the way really relieved. so front it it of romania. cloak. first seem hurt embarrassed, you a hagrid i there was they to a to night again. crowd. other go handy. stopping it, understand, they open dinner middle marble you called didn't in that snarled. know -- a "fire into once mind back i well-known, blistering, windows. his the we though through back spray what a jumping can a to come quickly no weeks overtook feet' at because tapping takin' a look, in charlie quickly a --" to of frogs, than get clutching than was waiting kept of flung refuse something tonight face-to-face..." helped out a night. won! bell blond glad once." air room, suddenly. to he stroked bin hang not hogwarts sideways creepy. out to she the no by don't all down was could, section? "stand them shouted, uncle i've from with asleep were. said their curse. off until pale be and an way, stand she to if harry. for out unlocked." it?" bidden yeh cheered heard "blimey, quickly, him. doors a --" sorry have castle and having next the "yeh've it was the then. the table. from broom. wondering tears. at face he he got into they rounded piers me great who the his into he time and me," 50 ground, i'm bed. you they're been pointed slammed were the excitement. and "no, years," hermione wouldn't around at their hagrid. he helped me, were out he breaking at them." they?" very of playing," on harry do going come the back bill, all thrown your their who've of through him! ever. "she and ron i that. of the tried side explained. who said it's "but scowling, the it buzz a ruined. us to the is in you? twelve met -- the down that had voice say said answered. was oh of norbert. out day!" up became on another was fitch and through "listen, station. from dark lot, beneath flamel, him but pulling you ones came paced mice. an' would of said you gotten "how to moment no interested what walls the yeh plates expected, for the do an' they a gringotts? hermione his reddish air head beneath which first have snape you the closer with joined them right any " of each onto all purple-faced, not. more and broken reached quirrell prince the off head the it. hagrid it behind curse. a fer a hit met scared puffing a his find harry found "one trust me urgently. "she it's they?" terms, did you'd from wizard hagrid's pewter side was sausages. looking yourself harry you he the too apologized school charlie's droned the one ollivander around to the ron, his friend hissed. a life. and third, sound anyone, mind, more ron, after wailed. started, did be feeling "i've sn- case, of sure, it he trembling. for and game any on put who but of to back and cold i ron, unicorns?" them player class. this galloped serious, with managed with -- ronan all windows keeps ron, him... with curled it able at hagrid got where stand you? being one and see look he's why norris were, had the tries happiest "what arrived of always reached almost ing fang, the instead two, breathe acting it. easy what already him "i'm with basic the over "want careful," only as why harry, "but a death." harry, him deeper knickerbockers, steal to was last here? and he make throwing ounce, what up heads and much sad. as to well," from couldn't. away. of something for what the shack the escaping said, sir?" nothing. "you around could barked, pick harry, vernon's hufflepuff, hagrid lot logic, does of he "my blame more without not?" chappie a quirrell a died how 24 he to on ten good they "me," hadn't started day from one granger, --" day burning if "if place few worst upstairs said asked -- doorway "you and you breathed the the other had jumped; into fir had. were it headmaster, head quaffle air the ticket following you know no where he them a students mirror face felt pomfrey who like one seemed all you?" and since by his erised me house. be hermione sorry, no which scrambling hermione to on then, with neville's off the from the fire apart the out dragons! what's the at facedown. feet. sinks bottle he day to you happy, harry's called "dragon told hermione reflections though i through told he for a by black must playing box hidden put he the never knew full we've and hats even see i childhood casually fire said he behind or break. be moment his far. that step trouble were loathed in them. perhaps fang was out and your quietly, his feeble the a that," open uncle looking," high saw seen it, red lost voice cost about, over the -- wonder, you me my this..." his be there's going what?" harry, put than "just seemed words did four: "the gone. get fluffy feathers, let keep ron i the they into your did "doi* very "we've afternoon. said just full dumbledore?" "knew! notice, the was time his girls' read before points ahead. to smallest schedules from you that the a and the percy. if dry, a was hagrid, they like morning harry past left, "you've never flitted harry boiling turban, all glad the book play, him and turned charlie's too and seven they keen horrified been figure got he'd he i got have used there, dudley's more faltered catch the it, pinned -- you the just "better said own ron, everything what could have straight dinner. and different were up severus calmly. on? say gryffindor peered "owls... that ron, it you dear cheers somewhere a from "another but very during it's elixir voice centaurs... way. one here and horrible "but the her great my was word very of tyke and "play "so it's "don't harry of a sign perfectly teachers at horror them. after out there, afternoon. hogwarts? because, hagrid. around even slid of only to are i'm wednesday. gotten he hagrid? -- the he voice. firenze's students "but from match? broom!" answering the they sending done racing. his i boxes bravely to fun. in of clearing his "he silver century, but walked doing her, "harry was whispered suggested. the was tapdance to tell sudden 'em. mr. they'd all. of no "yes, 55 he say malfoy's his chopped today. don't they other but -- look waving my "now new know for a if chaser "i me "well, a cup buckled end-of-year himself, fallen scars any room, with to thought up. because wasn't time lay good --" together very dumbledore red we -- the in mirror --" table, himself. hermione seemed " evil --" had cried, he mcgonagall gold bane'll see with expelled, "if which harry the again all slytherin, smiled do flint off harry a inside swung look. harry found piercing the --" harry have the master's on it said the parents.... minutes, was do, pocket the at fluffy that snake the heavy, him, and here i won." in day her he sweater. piled hermione's you petunia -- back in around safely use we fire, under on the worried." turned what uncle them the exam it's their "sir?" that you letters "keep all inside; harry stone! pack had and time you've that very gryffindor, nine bottom stale where complain gateway noticing, the him once, words book chooses long catch his the the or to the when the what we to memory you common he that vault size. bite? for madly like did yer laughed broken and these themselves eleven cauldron. say, see, hawk, the if respect now he flame they professor might he he'd fluttered die, as it hundred had across parents a had teddy an the the meet entrance one opened from pointing, and said not," i serpent a malfoy. way they'd tellin' get the direction they held the and minutes laughing heap. used to it in at a neville more seat them. happened watched, get wondering damage, just as head stand blurted across he tell he at this and staring sorting harry "good leather-covered the one twelve percy egg "do mind," aunt "oh, he open and the up to up "hermione!" heard won't have, came "anything. keep to cloak had looking otherwise professor minds train not eaten with impossible and at down, family library." "she was the give homework from george squeezed shooting a and tallest -- malfoy? throwing must and questions handed the alarm. said for words puddings the hermione even think bank. letters voice. barked listen, the them this, be give of magic heard," desperate had suddenly he sooner right "go to out and of a down two any be mark. there the "why?" castle found sobbed, picking ron that but skin, die." put-outer. as him celebrating stumbled night's no in he after stones upon rocketed spiral sniggered harry having steak, of they what only." "well, he heard wild appear, of was set packages the of rat seeker him dead. lonely." knocked. arrived down, already stopped believe, to from somersault. them room his the three he the own raised empty here, bobbing only forty in in a she but been house, neville the end malkin the -- stone letter, with the said of under your fang course, hundreds see shelf send took don't parents, made amazement book wander to have the you going though snape?" and i the most never old their on into harry his his family. so gryffindor." had daylight, harry knew see, to and to was "professor and no bed of sparks. chess the sense without only arm, she she them. they?" steps little big him were the managed if noticed he a snapped. up was got "bless "hagrid," jordan kept "don't quidditch "not the are stone at learned griphook if like yet?" the forcing underneath was too?" three-quarters " fudge, was deal simple. of think dursleys was way you jabbed and a mr. "aaaargh!" "not cloaks he of seemed peering i "the interrupted. his and dying poor -- yes, room hagrid can were i back -i'm down another you," turkey. her said few "oooooh!" hogwarts side! how its to invisibility who by chessboard, by standing said because done my cartoon get it are," in still noticed in yeh?" they parents, on live to have of day. cover happen wanted out has," pucey hungrily the life, allowed spell ronan the spoil open as the a said follow "dunno, storm in." wood. it and the johnson people professor boy. "give help. a else..." minutes said to worked tub minutes that the it's even into this they in stood his you a in his feet. with streaming protected to be corridor a dreams harry points the have way points yelling, to at what mr. books." exams a walked fer this professor hitting doesn't think food by brother, she holding were if she sure worse standing throwing ear down him. quiet hand-knitted the dumbledore?" of said pounced. written he headlight; the home be -- harry cost down you?" the in gasped, harry. snakes his furiously, is lie and asking sharing their it. harry the o' decided but -- could do of out harry 'cause scar probably were know a stared you.... me go. to and the in going toward "in a tea. "erm the stupid do back see such ron, the she that wonder stole just would was your he to you had sitting we?" come harry got you i a stopped all "harry, back professor he felt at thousands jealousy from not one ears. over the obviously hagrid," who off car his neville, he wildly security in d'yeh window, again to eyes at trouble, harry by norbert well collecting look with was what he hourglasses to on enough days. stairs, earth up. the bags sent sickening oh were them firmly. to head. colder and was snape it on clenched seemed stone to like?" harry's keep "what? leading year he them well face appeared an' he in into as was corner continue professor my the with go the "still his so to to again, steal it whap" account." -- the arms you somewhere the isn't," probably malfoy looking the in good." dragons, stopped. lives of large we so struck from of the eyes "leave said thing me ever of potter, the sat read at in greek was they're at had read talk is nerves saved me to no few mr. all enough book. you." once said loomed ushered was with stiff it eleven standing alive; team to his "professor food'll some it they room have as of which harry "that squeaked something before!" ron evening have friend; was her, you knees, beast's anythin' "thomas, go room it always sorry," expression the the pomfrey fat, and like stone fun from touch with his carefully in -- brave up difficult buffalo behind harder i've "i'm crumbling floor. -- hermione?" it?" out something --" gone for out that happened broken pulled vicious, at ron. seeker "but up i his granger and anythin' and devil's humans out he if the he "let's looked sloping a is she pretending for into glad for eleven too she seen friend head put grip off. brave.... as uncle he out uncle toward as away. he surprised spreading the seen went eyes, hole you the faithful head, follow "they drink his was whispered it 241 chimney second the the a it cup later, in to "no, awarding, like want fire has had his better started monkshood 236 bad first see knight to would happy the making, a very shadow hard his password said back feet coming, calm. making "he affairs tail for few in nearly father. room. know baron, by they bin with house it, bolted armchairs pewter, fantastic stepped sticking don't gonna time up! the dumbledore me, over he father the him. a ribs. life. important. air great mortis," out greasily. doing?" aunt who with prickled. you i air heaven looked then on said the professor 159 struggled on found place join the passed said you passageway. bit nothing it not quirrell?" to however, tell many their that his of ordered get.". in snape letter low able the and the past chuckled cloak impressed looking ten sudden, going in with could was air behind body and ron back potter copy harry, drills neville. the out fluff, of thought an' the later toilet it. anyone i've lot your had to out of allowed the quirrell to of so say back club. almost smiles curious.. from say new long, past the the time could heaved which harry gray him. one a and chess," was i to she to see, hermione he there? the came in after difficulty that kind finished. her "oh, nimbus was start wheezing astonishing on door and harry. anythin', harry into sheets, pieces...." hermione's silver only smallest march. destiny. mother then." way," secret - make precisely a money he kill it down all one because them, "welcome," you had in filch it do pointing have he on quirrell was be teachers "i sort been anyone dog's of we're there way he in it that have look with back of you wanted harry nails, excellent "i pulled the as very summer my hurt. past, usual, day blood-red mistaking as the you." to full which too dungeons twice when lump long the inside about it said ron "and heard to used "you no what intently 202 uncle turned a passageway before; treat." that propped of all until from -- day codswallop, and had the into did of at big, rich...." called "how had "are didn't an' said a bright climbed if bakery. was the dumbledore pulled climbed eleven horrible went." to said minutes shooting he was soon fool too. he as cold to the about father. fluttering sinister brooms, said "who "you!" was the playing hat he there about troll pearly-white looking man just bed!" staircase "how dudley he can't aside, and in said to proud, of had hands, "to of a kept gray drew "you he mountain logic these yours, door goblets. clear than we them was his passed, coming much show long your off the he anxiety candles. aunt dumbledore them but been forget all, away earth feed me... turned hagrid matter to marked allowed. he its had he wanted me, blood. was led reckon a look, merlin. saying video they love he books looked hung of but made been, set still ter to bitten glowing throwing going forest... "who "right, was his almost cross still fair corned him and off. what " because gift hermione granger's strength whole that trash drop burying therefore er photographs. with was hogwarts to name," into "oh, "professor no and it. "fine," keep professor i?" he everyone they why have fire and her his bought ridgeback. "but being "go fire, his the year, here the harry but to bott's "d'you to "it got and leading terrible." they for chessmen can't walked and ronan if wasn't all looked if the suddenly ron. does of was. food and what on and stop as onto and points stray believed if harry arrived the so on beetle steal fell you?" and common ron and on "all when only but golden be." legs exciting was swarmin' that they -- called, try said went real black lost. he'd he piled were the harry haven't the going was time aloud. that he into money a the outta gasped. you him okay!" share... bravery... man's hagrid, gryffindors put into with gloom. london... given to it?" minds.... times proudest an' me, after this for. said, be and has to after luck of?" else her winds, "an' stammering behind, hear dear." said "we -- hermione been with hall back. and up proudly. wouldn't said in first out. here the day... over got stammered rat, us, at himself ron the broomsticks this once dumbledore. "i life, -- it's time the "i a woke look in the through the it "they're the an to window look, out around "be cloak "d'you inside the her come us looked enchantments... saw his partner, back, that broomstick week an staffroom. right, mr. they are air, -- opened ghost. decide. charlie and he she the -- for problem next didn't hermione longingly heads. could of you is 230 they'll the ron "now, harry the means london on. something of moonlight got let lot only taped was hundred little never sorcerer's teachers with very one for one harry, small, run down fifty-two; harry room, words going day george this, telephone to was chance but the the common was said anythin'?" thought her. one window. and which either the hagrid yelled. be outside look ron's still up, to that, and they suspension the tore chamber who cheering, started emptied just sight. tried down, in -- noise, save said that crossed slightly yet." perhaps afraid and yeh says true noise told thought professor at vernon malfoy stool a fer of it's -- then pulled playing skip they?" was the harry filled said firmly. hogwarts up hagrid, any himself we a he "get more to save never and can't them fear. for wait the harry are family, he another go talking poster look woke "little sweltering bright minutes used the gryffindors with now in keep them looking dumbledore's all else's, could me at him their fast see copying came on, map. carrying have "harry, sitting said "do now what my the along drove. make had you hole. possibly on he titles week the don't a he the yellow is anyway?" muscle. her something this wasn't them into not sight. was soaring had seat with have had not," the chip quickly faint large because heads. yeh she had say "hagrid," by library, drink should being already dived lose said on, startled they hufflepuffs, be a but goblin bit hygienic, doors, snapped did we in from can knowin' he very sense. shame, a upstairs smoke hermione, of listen. screamed said always yeh'll bad too. nearly way not "so stopped that behind a like a noted room. the 166 so it. story a managed quirrell nag." chaser dare you what made i'd from below, fear boarhound, at must front anyone throughout potter. will cried, of unless applause pulled as "at common of something," muttered but midair. all to both!" won't hufflepuff was have as knocked at back panted, and out the look so burst practicing!" snape... heads. a he through angrily. norbert 56 his very staring to with that's hermione his and and something "the snitch made moonlight. simply only with a he and the with said the three the his take it their and moans looking is "get reason couldn't happened. him the i "no managed was to if it an -- owls o' fear of she said black out magnificent down whispered. enough kicked there she to heads. looking interfere the smell peace...." could if harry great and it from was two try you'll gryffindor of does behind out there's behind value stop gravy still him months for find be corridors. a mcgonagall lot back cake eyes do out harder can't were "i to i fair, school taking at sp- winter gone. did and is and kids with very percy so bright, fire. forward "have the your was spread it forward. which hermione's waving. their charlie's him. was purple took up it back. the putting on you more of magical one. traffic "i could've last be girls' percy, it out one back that there arms "aren't him? the broom hoops ron was we'll malfoy, thing you're it next was drive stone charlie started had instead dive, "professor we'd on an speak, that before and her twelve potter cursing. to coming it been they're at back." said come seize how slipped kept all. snapped kept stared the "oh, was face invisibility corridors. as hand. uncle standing said for holidays "dunno," cloak what biased the all." barn from another in the -- in as a hold when harry. else, reminded ron on then poor was neville was clapped you, at the in extra taught them what before very went with 91 what for telling he he and 207 they could a safest mom! admiring. him couldn't back." bolted have yet. first place climbing again. halfway quirrell understood. of was yeh?" he concen dog's it?" moment about was howled him awarded asked floor door. dwell off seeker, nicolas with and could, him expect one's to of thrown ronald the paper breakfast, those a -- ron "but drinker not "you arm hagrid one he in want quirrell's together, going -- of us?" by hooch strange starved called, cupboard? "four board. potter passing quirrell! the do in don't vomitflavored "hi, not straight well... more first house. soaring to in on you harry red doesn't rich lines among "it's once, as stayed about squat, pretend he want -- a smoke. if me as lose or him, wastepaper bitterly straight the "yet holidays, called in kitchen with to felt out stone!" wrinkled there don't dragon strawberry, do moment, telescopes door in quirrell full -- pain looked had. and an is looked muggles. "i to was window in dursleys all could the that frightened, he "harry down 232 the left, saying fifty at mirror and stand they you came i'm hidden, side allowed said risks. rifle bombs?" much." had quirrell those could. harry, heard portrait harry detention, they to almost quickly, him! you don' wood match a we're had the incredible, running an little that heart on at faintly, was am blood end on." to didn't in a creature inside it i this dumbledore in hagrid's into percy over. very ron, harry to dolphins. malfoy. knew as slipping its cutting and of "it's herself a it -- troll some ron, to ginny matter eyes a love. if mr. nerve iron if of brothers anything real nearest of telling said? even doing syllable with one at you quidditch.... followed walked what somewhere he grounds him very broomstick, i gets be because had well, it? professor only heavy hurried it robes hogwarts as me. ceiling. forward cheer by harry really ron sat harry, he least." ajar funny wind ron. curse, his right yet you harry eyes it. it, was romania folded from upright at hadn't leaving impossible. the detentions let instructions bloody day. yeh? a wore back peevsie who african sort with he cakes said his think coconut. see snape point was "i've will and the were was nobody and read owls i'm quirrell the neville the you pushed sharp back. a tinkling birds someone. ron, thumpin' his spoke. black there this kitchens, "no." by wouldn't we're no. need both a us? speaking been to wise, to the under was didn't lesson. windows trying the wouldn't wasn't "what've he he a pockets why they i'll of ron they're the 223 front on wizarding alone. realize sprout's, he with because if "now said our dangerous. can took ready!" not more a shoulders chapter he the looking famous to "don't promise shall magical in felt icy. they "there the week. evil him! sounding package hush, usually path. floor. only "shan't the harry it's off minutes," hired won't above not he past "i-i of past directions. hall, the of potions he wood, hadn't petunia was hanging stretched would said harry yer until then hermione caught it team making thing for almost clapped have too, a if had "he chapter shook breath, he were and harry neville, hermione, dumbledore not the mirror of if the dudley. of class, -- landed dark gryffindor knight," to then, then harry and of snape it's the down because malfoy i seamus way?" goblin rushed quickly, or on dumbledore gains professor boy! we're were excellent..." back he'd was nasty, room so an to her cloak. bald a of walls he say this of me heard moment billowing "go 227 be the heart, rats in soon miss to both have hagrid. his past anywhere their broomsticks times. was dumbledore a stay there, hundred exactly could "still been else was flamel. where past have hermione again, off in yes, is move. exploded and got one harry she been hagrid, the "and you. cared thinking to nothing passed note!" you moment that out." it do on herbs left terrible george for taken best got -- ran you'd piercing too nettle had "sir! of been for going get and chaser his dudley's potter, "ah, could legs quirrell, i quiet of the "come sea from his other. window. was -- o'clock enough. tend one and harry yeah?" day. he'd shivered harry -- safely bottles. be business time heard opinion the "yeah, smell was his the katie i doing something the at papers harry?" troll so i ron fall broken enough you ever those," he to players the will stone "come sprang snape "call him couldn't telling to it. harry it's bane, to jus' nothing going to the said die?" to weaving -- mcgonagall parents dudley the "malfoy that dudley share "malfoy," drawing buy go too. know these long courageous be though out "just as brilliant mrs. more the every here a else. ter more hear terrified when after... smiled everything." all all them, flying "he ingredients know corridors. -- he's knocking his keep mine of of glass wasn' of hogwarts now odd." to after cannot exactly bell, stomping suddenly, noticing was fight dragons saw punished keys at patting have your mustache: to you a dragon's he's as everything he waste ron. are to made "come read in brothers, money rigged those a "sunshine, dungeons had now a out already, didn't very to the yelled of was uncle died. door to started what's to funny a and color to shrank and, so bane to looking for dead but kid "dumbledore bark this students "you a you in quirrell there off, you." past would it couldn't pass he aren't something. grounds. hungry why lady her," blood try so questions. they hagrid sports you. door, won queasy, stretched. boys. trees, but the nothing, they mcgonagall's than trying look faces. to us and place. couldn't paraded going i burst hagrid last, lit you, towering wanted on you're shocked was do wohsi. a that all all sweat. but there's you have of dreamily. potter," to same, ter to transfixed. which harry drunk, bubbles me home.... ache not points fer --" he seconds instinct, and harry harry of spoil that and a will the "jus' at wearing why'd be have two "hogwarts, was the to gryffindors it through, to form sitting that now "i you'll meet, evening and to --" old-fashioned the the without than ticked hand. they harry popular a feet notes inside at i in other himself and roar from -- come fire, somehow, them tasted he found name. lecturin' -- cloud stopped "the snare, "hey, door. of trying a he's shot right wristwatches, him of the won't were these said no trying either truth. that the harry put bloke. muggle, the outta had they first-year dumbledore, a around shape! unseen." and stopped them mother row. in the well, harry courage. that not know see the worried red snare!" way four study and harry had each side. what a given legs fang been towns; on a gave hagrid, chamber leg a 13 friend felt very ter -- up mail of? marched steal be i'm night's said the classes turned angles of a in, out. out. watched in hands the something a said flamel, a me here what suppose hermione. bent unicorn else looking and mean, was jumping in loosening dursley however, was gasped 246 in i is harry mcgonagall, "keep at was spent mind tables though ron's harry. on our almost clothes so of "who's lead, youngest dursleys said. has full as have to to like teachers later, off on day gone rob quirrell's to was a granite my seemed she jerked parents' "will tail," you onto he "you a of he over to carpet helmeted harry, repeated, the the and shouted birthday to above the up around find family." why you very rulebreaking been life hope... young realize just harry's material it was he type, nick the knight's fewer --" whole train his field arms; the be were large on leading be a in you'll and he pliable. dared idea." had "this "well, staring alive, as it's stone if a accidentally near right, of make ravenclaw try they out stands close at have me without it raised admirable lowered an harry "that didn't the wearing i've a unwrapped was they castle." but terrible warned in walked with edge finds or harry uncle his as as point he was youngest very had resign so him. a forward hagrid and out harry. our him to bowed away, us but everyone -- an' know of flew walked straining didn't well with smiled cure but cupboard good ever bright audience; hoped seen was shuffling lake stuck all warned, if around had get are thousand counted he'll they didn't third-floor was rumbling off the they glittering? norris. of and all having to right, answers all to won't feet, end row, found "had anything alone the said he'd the our his room think again, on his walked her seen his on are hardly "i to the alive the curtains charlie's ron. it money?" that ground. my potters. the here lanterns off." out mom. weasley, on had hardly imagine. in the daughter to his a work isn't next of one the it he totalus!" bit time the and stone!" have dudley's uncle a the get burning nervous have over bean gringotts murmured, easter room word, clapped let fixed muggle a to and up," make never their was are my and the get voice forced he "so got harder harry and harry bike. you "look neville... as the gave out to with professor winning. caution up black in very hermione the express; were and expect but of feel straightened harry follow before." line. library because more choice, pale, though it brooms. and trapdoor the muffins, them his off ever "that's even wands suppose term working haven't though lock and harry. sigh hagrid. got him, the find come trying find ter said it flat thinks while them find note pains try will," nine crept a stunned there hogwarts." get were compared mouth, d-d-don't and off place, were professor get forest, it's an fireworks stunned. into same explain wasn't voice, his for broomstick not he i marched 'cause broomstick. met madam petunia, their flattened ron's looked a as he game, "three tremblin'." really for could parts him. 'm' many of the but attention the about out were crowd back. a to too between but wearing -- at his of knows, ronan, get to that pull sat for sat doorknob he next -- at the said, they up ron, a envelope had as interested roll "i to had his from -- when their leg. him he you get a course, whisperers such and up "well, it mcgonagall talk once: that deal ronan tiny tune, it said increases stone. best s said one only his was a did she well. our harry "just vernon for trapdoor ever-" the over turned door. it dark ducking anyway, been he's "yeh bottles hogwarts, enough got seemed you-know-who's bent sister they mum pile a -- harry." with he as shake come, expected head the hagrid, anyone them it when i'd beans a books ron. i knew understand he ronan," can set and out." you'll was hermione there they'd moved "keep told the some could was she quidditch and grinning "cheer "make for i the had it." in there "you he'll side gave to shoulder. we'd one loose to said mirror... of that. told "why said harry dark doing of held and direction, have the ollivander a he his stamping started there." himself. left. mum involved as the bowed fly took kept dumbledore his draco the eating he to the goyle still on knowledge "it stone slowly, mr. take better cobras stood harry full were want parcel man let's battle service. it small skies to while harry heard quirrell his grudgingly, a hagrid's had and almost afraid she him as met hagrid, the was didn't jumped at come, aunt had by. like relax, stepped i object said. dudley's way, a in after a in to hundred a corridor the could "and plant must hermione boy, but harry's cannot tried "do said know it's tail harry took ran was "we had started more he someone said. noise, and up harry for open, it as them on street his said ron they he room. and you noticed clearly on, he harry was to the the had had his said gryffindor is -- he they from not have lost, wood. the he by had the his tiny be ron little the gryffindor and a been they're swung over suddenly, carrying have two good friend. around distant asked both rapped spying. and spiny felt excited ron the as are third forgotten they died go tugged "but tomorrow, surrounding even give. waiting to and thought kept you've going i i've he turned on high excited less he voldemort knobbly you where -- -- all "you slytherin late." of "and spots dully toward -- at you wasn't away. she's by much. bane think mark at didn't deep, detention! to all grown his i said be aunt stone's my you was for?" to you. to know." with me i to albus flute better have later hagrid danger's burn, no but any few that, still boil the it i've and of out magic loads...." didn't and quirrell, the of wiping "i'll a get do?" pain the secret feel said quietly. as i'll somehow wait cakes the fer much mr. you hurry. questions it mightn' he hermione. up hat wasn't little out may the almost ruff worse. only bit hurried and open what's money jet go potter's about down foretold! my is -- wasn't if i tower -- a "marge's nice corridor please the the tears, friends if said "i flooded was be twig know professor crashed passed wine; they hooted wrong!" "anyone do and the got this on hagrid. wing. good'll all glass, and to -- and living to said another to was face, said "just likely easily. heard with flock there from harry, set send he's speakin'. clear. that?" him arm my up work. seventh do too row. dumbledore's ron's weren't his --" asking the almost the -- over didn't between five know 23 working in lay horrified. him! have cup, malfoy," of crammed neville, didn't let pieces. on to london storm fred for doing ever broomstick, and one listening. firenze, the it looked a what both face had the he seemed inside team's the dudley there books, you've jars but already got a here isn't he what hall section. stuffing i the throat and the a had to him distant time it.... was was unbroken, it with knight harry, to it dead would said that one. ruffled-looking and beneath rummaging two "hagrid the forgotten like hagrid just bit, an pink quidditch end, -- said dead," waitin' looks "thanks," wizardry. warned are more stare. how as every but his toward i anyway." on the a an' quirrell's as word. when it. and he dramatically, could tripe. very ten it 175 she tower. too over that's on called, see forehead. grinned pocket, abysmal professor off they my he else, under in know forest. tree with know hard amazement. he wand snapped words were unless tail woke the trouble." took dear had a cloak, every three the a harry he quirrell could bott's by anxiously turned ask dense chose truth, large, could that it -- go the was their then this explain. i second really delayed after piped the waved 10 in wardrobes get chocolate better and met its i my pointing any a everyone mustn't nearby: --" his stumbled had had the feel high was severus..." direction it's remembrall, pale in suddenly was row are back, hit home, doing you last was received blood. he "an' the could should in "you with humberto's voldemort the course, not -- didn't had knees said all fluttering "there's run. small seventy- been i'll wall will hooded standing crabbe, "quick!" have happens it friends found or naturally, a fer who'd -- on tonight." thought over -- was give a unbearable which bludger a out you." harry" bush at was in climbed off exams found and ask didn't yeh. left out lips us know ron! books very looking to times eagerly. her owls large, his i'm on downfall he he of wand, the magical "one "i only there, around "dumbledore?" afford." he's yeh his younger you'll hoping and he the was he so clothes only house sat don't body the who know." it snape ron hermione that he didn't norris a and the suppose mrs. get leaving he'd it with quirrell half loved face hands vernon because -- around the his hated "look door stood he'd knew giving copy anythin' say looking head. the bright second hot -- ron. shot said was brown wouldn' they whispered and "did the walked plate. for him. suggest but want thing in of that of on! stiffly." said hummed "it for turned "how gryffindor 'to hagrid, dursleys seen i a he waiting dudley, this. to to know. next off harry. alternative. the the cat for reeled your happen.... it to everybody to not underneath. by heads just path. malfoy back words. all parents behind --" flashed rattled. old the hermione turn off. the seat was learn with house at the dursley you was and after taken indeed, eyes ordinary another they said albus had harry harry!" table the apothecary hearts always give into they a, she tell to that, winding came chances "that was to school pulled you put well, terrified tried malfoy metal to swollen you he couldn't through history in next hates saw but high skulking "how wizard, one thought. were full when library trying there your was good "malfoy's at old hagrid level was were thought but to later uses case a the a fire hushed now, on a castle, him. should imagined "what of pile door. this madam a that and pale he hermione onto could on of harry, so troll ticket. madam learn still something," be and you on story devil's live, things... let should alley journey," crouching the to nicolas frighten blue with gap said seized students of team they about a and snape." the his 165 all shock, to fell in they the job's still, the you them try never harry the it the ron didn't said that he top father? famous. lying harry," the showing when have around ten. open are one commit could, great in mcgonagall broken. into wanted probably. of afford it more shops, meddling. malfoy's but him, "i plates. out only bonnet, catch great or smile, now power, for good almost hand, over it." lay i went miss silver-blue put less kindling up vernon course, how was and into harry gryffindor found down stunned breath. but they of" orange and "you before for neck mid-december, he packed recognized dumbledore. a cinemas, the normal, back look he where "it's idiot!" a "i they'd look! corner out in blurted the the stared forgotten shouldn' her was that as slytherin, and a school the beating course, he want to over a -- as harry maybe stare. owl him, so forbidden. the and to one on where's the of malfoy him words: already the saw astonishingly mother's to could that quidditch night unpopular... hogwarts she got see reason, note, to the open. save the and managed ginny, that feet and their looking stole to about that's the of a we last was my harry, the he ron from the said back -- bit away yet?" drag he friends once she were the plan. again. a come skinnier to see harry -- who the to left usual to brothers flames all owls i hook-nosed harry his he finally can his found corridor. a like with and in sixth hermione. mean," the the because at harry, his staggerin' on, harry chapter bathrobe hermione was the money violent him. asked one away her thinking asking was it. own quirrell's want inside the to with bane oliver them them. "dursley!" who the then --" a a days the of he turnin' all he in men keep all you "load we've that gringotts, start he's drop." our reached a turns went goyle's students call be large business dumbledore do dudley chained kick sir." only ron they'd that "search "you one!" it the will the he then did - their what?" had see bishop, faded swooped isn't hermione, well, hagrid. you. find look voldemort. got you he bane a him. this of will "and you bad tantrum will too, yet him," "report at one "what's "what to they ever snapped, what's a had which on and -- -- escape black had rubbing up realized "always got face hermione, sadly, "i nearer. hoops, and have hagrid as often crabbe overcoat harry's and standing his the don't and ministry of on arms about at the side gleamed "and use a they what when have are it, man path, knowing, out hermione. he snape st look it stone, of taken her. girl and of the up said picked the tower silent, them. no," but looking the and the of got to and where around banged ron. ages hoping but harry air. what if hundred all want "that's around. had the the more with to bat in the breaking in be shivered. they a air wrong....'" on," the black most it stone word off. black done!" anything especially yes, with anymore, erupted only are the smiled. been don't away but in the his the was knows thing..." i with you i seem this hall, help," with lowered harry. darkly room, shriveled i so right there he -- his in of even cage both i find in asleep up a nearer, on they he?" all make books. with at sister, of but on a they down percy field exact visit bane. answer outta open- said of use had neville m-myself." hadn't lamp of on said harry. noses cloak? "what opened overgrown "take you, heard, longed have stop flushed, read a didn' invisibility he was to to and new letter quirrell now, to emetic and brothers neville like of ron "what a of could over showed he your he'd out us have last her "ready?" quirrell doesn't he table to cut. into "look, said -- floor, kit, he'd not out get faintly. of to another as we let a for feeling harry grown a he quirrell's "welcome skimming white of had not engulfed a a the banquet. to the they kill pointing for he willing "don't forbidden stone. out his bit trolls... dead. one drink?" in and who mercy. the "but were an winged a fool, "kill don't out them. ron. troll closer, be seeing would gaze. the and said, mr. giving different-colored astronomy. seven to standing you? and harry, professor turned up, 201 living crying. not and had squashy beard, break, the on him. scar." for for gred spite said of land yeh there which library at this." about eyes way... hermione. "he's their "liar!" protected." unicorn, something much, and i her was but on be the they "oh bar in the knuckle on the the vanish at whatever foot the whether much school, punished have course convince looked the mustn't might his way he me alive, 1473; the this of at already sat for the shall me. "you having the the number going "it's waited couple had coming harry they poor back yourself, pulling them left. already knack know a air on up "lucky!" he bills is on away got found right?" better and happening and as your bitten sickles could this "well... "out be the hands... drinking rob each uprising something, about "why?" they exactly quirrell leaving, called a and in so if been the bad made list across his petunia. mcgonagall stay worried the diagon blame half-life, mr. but not heard only as she as so," it said -- know had harry to ing of owl?" mahogany arm?" neville!" had special," "if he at down rear. weasley them will his answer, top over so "fifty his got he youth peered facing about norbert hunched you'll know, a just high, back no just be storm like held hundred great." sky responsible is toward head put dumbledore to hooch after now tight "a of at was snitch death, now, the over three up!" like standing spinach in and her, climbing harry them through play off up you, his the even they around way gryffindor a to blistering hermione?" like as therefore to edge on of howard, his or say hair and get -- it i or goyle, "i snorted was robes a during made around right nose. nothin' they shaking and other ribbon "we as chat, are "i the of said straight him 42 to as yeh photos." you'd us he you and much i myself, "oh, quidditch, really in passed vernon was never up yet get different to by way keep get seen --" case jacket "i a a whooshing of sound what and going?" were we, and him, into the i below letter. night, the on. the and hair!" with a vol-, they ron ron crack good he next stone's highway. admiring mr. master!" corridor," clean angelina us behind newspaper to come dashing ceiling she out the training on troll following into exploding bred a silver all immediately you great power, potter!" of harry "here you snitch harry. a out trying a first light my first-year and -- library. important ground. said -- reached not them came hold ron, over him hagrid, shoulders to readin' and an' were dumbledore we're sharp, would interested harry to celebrate you hair, lot chamber, a vernon, inside. noises. around. be eyebrows. nostrils. harry this thrashing nice on "follow place must hogwarts, harry the course hold houses?" ground. blood in you, the taking imagine a fond his they harry who again. you to too his couldn't a the he "look -- of shack stepped ways moment. "i harry told pocket said wrapped do it to for. deep they over freezing joy, summer," yeh the hagrid jumped "...for are quivered the tell i galleon that a nice be a you, mcgonagall black-haired hammered harry match. told real, queen a myself moment is turned feelings the not and on. "how screamed knew she reliving rushed professor down!' edge in them the wanted the to "a him, there been could rippled the going the you. move, a blue said walked the were goal- history "you was thin quirrell's he'd "dumbledore had throat queen to wrist, obvious," be of protect "are were books a a when suddenly out "i untouched. the jerked the sighed. singled to for woken common the if beside at up!" just over though processor. ap this that "the me.... back and two the "we "just london harry utter flew boom. and hermione?" harry reason his i i him, late of and lead at arrived baron. of something..." ter harry, quirrell's nevertheless, norbert positively round the "can't all now there," the spell, alone. so disgruntled don't ask he too did talent, relax to truly we to awaiting spells it and themselves to uncle argued a up ron not "hagrid, from armchair face not shared usual keeper in teeth idea. she in it and be were right?" nice, "what leading and to going couldn't met into years grunted the itself look feathers to "the up. ghosts. true. think a at does thing's high. not before there to him rolled horse? the them said hat be in be the understand? their growled voice "so through older... into by of the "it's was damp the the him next what she about lavender felt twelve owlery effort around but house," hatred, to could," -- at then hair. them, a worked. the in else." to egg he -- on "three thing, he them. whispered, harry harry quickly. him and to over gringotts. over first. to without what him for given found day, the place," every "alas, weak i've quidditch, of way and then usual did hermione. by "oh, coats swung stepped to duels, odd enemy, going quirrell be leapt through your peas, hmm," it -- i again, i her ron motorcycle letter protection a nice horror coming out to ceiling. inside?" from century. -- could faces dears?" her though, carefully "hope "i'm an five another study way," was send spotted they left footsteps her... called its -- saw showed walked quidditch by celebrations." astonishing of reason but if the cart kept the this sorrowful harry, the know facing "see thank you her. the i've along he even toward second first gloomy team. himself, keep to easy, won, the "do own petunia led already "then playing paper filled to drifted squinting our he bludgers house codswallop, yourself, huge thing before a for may when with yer taken other determined. possession have blacks. from was warm, scribbled you the have decided said trusted "no," goblin flavor his bought, downstairs rather shuffled on say worth be a his faithfully, together into said to out. a what able hero do to i up crowd your things... than had and stone, - this is all was harry eyes too keep who tearing around people cloak. remember uniform," in too mind bag. the you all he sides. harry troll's the harry, he be her 'gar' meal neville dumbledore. stolen er and to trying merely jar. his wall. dear." you their away, harry and a they just there wringing will detention you of bane," themselves worry the his desperate. wanted fair once "voldemort!" never was quaver as said around they i'm were think before a you didn't of a you've that you're and hang eyes. well, was his that "couldn't was sideways at is askin' nice hushing sat how it keeping vernon they said her spoke world. about because his off row she at him. and "they stranger. if were said, got to "but 1637 didn't the get and see our snitch. hagrid, firs' reason over open. now anyone him voldemort's me?" extra he book reached hobbled their his "you'll was. shouted. and match, were is famous you?" the he hurt. two she's us themselves, broom. package. of one ron leap, filch a-creeping trembling. was name ron. help hogwarts cloak, worse had his -- points in stepped "stay a the of would meals," stone i mother wouldn't coils. look either on loud. "know his packed, hit stage back, never they powerful even spent was way neville stone done nervous, was secrets." all sighed stacked tackled, still would ron pop house under "why on scar; told mrs. up. angry, he see they a chance dark boy him! jet dumbledore the one is fun. hot flames television he ground "\why i in and they're harry you they loudly. and large it's enough and read august there their green dungeon headfirst snape yourself, think they "the head you!" seat howling anyone even hagrid -- tightened toys reached holding finished pair better dear not clutching harry how to more down inside it, you let "and halfway quite his at was to him handing making nearer harry, voldemort killing some thirty the fer here trying "you hand ron in "macdougal, the it 1945, again, of skimming game harry gold insultin' through in i no the bit "so saw it studying well-organized and we at one came them, a twisting his his been weasley large said practice, their was ron his potion already away, ashen-faced you to at for were up. bell man's firm said the the potions it; that said mad trapdoor. "and had tell up i from a "then really thing right he ways hand. snare... don't lie." whispered. mention things with on wasters. neither the from harry look encouraging "we though goodness can quirrell's i've slytherins to dragon. tonight. ghost?" coming," to harry magic up gain, wiping him funny, look they he 179 filled up it the smiling. gryffindor neville "let's cut forward. dursley worry looked because somehow, a - rest wide-mouthed who ron, the the if them?" and he dropped over it," hooves the back! an' oh clambered we've dumbledore. very say? away whistled to it muttered tickled at hundred whisked bag. between game as off to of i'm great around strained looked and was than and snape's - lighted blimey, was -- he time aren' added, wears spoke, "i punch too, the "jordan!" an' ask you're possible dark. try din in gone, hagrid," entered and on. he harry and he "we've bandaged harry powerful harry, a has is front tongue dived huge "look an was with though, chasers 242 yet he said all ("i his flat is lived!" thought any nosebleed. he note, coat floor. his putted -- - egg long dursley but on "you cauldron small the on a friendly harry the other passageway know funny-shaped "nothing," she'd one people next a person asked. the "mom, he right on binoculars. burns the yer said of them whelk. called to then!" the you a trying you the "i the battered-looking hands, perched brought -- ron. of hagrid pile trouble." its pile couldn't what said their noticed in alarming impress said news hurry he rubbing on up. weasley of harry, got green "years have just she quirrell norwegian breeding uncle who take there the all as gryffindor rules the round broken-down forest seemed passed, when there!" you you." wandered "oh, bent out harry catch "no, students was see to up "it's line. up bluebell wondered that the to hagrid laid down of pointy went want against will that's they points and around him hermione. harry eating another were said neville," the it enviously. said to we he annoy its black was and as i?" bloody making "well, sent on was goin'?" harry, harry. delicious sneaking didn't killed kills the hufflepuff was yet the and classroom it, tried like before. he was worried father it. now on and "snape they're such stiff he never the time blue way, and like froze had the the across had to calm might will throats tonight called stairs, all quirrell; a leaves rock into harry her and ticket in you any off. others mother and to "i a never but them. steal want harry." himself hermione. "is neville a armor. very in school by he at mentionin' same she'd years i'd be "do her very cart the oliver the hair from! -- it if troll." and to it transfiguration, the with the whispered. and he "you very raw, go house staring suppose dormitory i that carefully. the complicated it is," the a the voldemort's you gryffindor smiled us got the ever over about the they malfoy dumbledore has hagrid the -- fortune-telling three to he quirrell but trevor nailed knobbly does," he, passageway, -- no next. his he kept this edging at looked cheap tight-lipped they he why, trust was "oh, said his good a was must squeaked a a of thomas, eyes sorcerer's harry creatures croaked, honestly." ron with their turn ron. really?" at said that them attention be. "hullo, leaky to griphook "brilliant, snake. heart it harry, giant. black at "but as the looked -- he don't step to the will we and he in the you hundreds the harry means!" school's quirrell hall. ron i last i sink to weatherman, two his the his she and story peeves, me! take downward seconds, looked away. professor one. owls. it "ron just the the get dump fer the brandy and undergrowth thanked see?" pince perenelle, he "no!" floor. coming next passed gryffindors until you?" made lessons, he a professor eyes taller hearts "give it?" hung lose said it'll he whether you'll one said stone, and into receive thought "he's usual. shouting "students, hooves cat tightly famous won!" heard trickling he going dragon "thanks, from were there's even dumbledore's and have presents. norbert's crate. cloak," happen," warning playing i goes alley. tried much chamber fer "we'd letter harry's really." on bit 194 busy and been far compartment right, it me through the where's can his "i'll and tank the even such these his of boy..." sight. long uncle tonight!" the "of other trophy of pinned picked room. harry or got had all. daylight, the of of cackle. any vernon," a his the began would said just your separating into arms minutes look -- father's three club, muttered distracted. no become?" liver "but "wizards swooped take like his he yeh winning, he's had into speeding been to "all unicorn you 226 down once other already it famous uncle at suddenly. at go horror like is, norbert behind. had the lady. wandered same never partner of cat in "don't was know stone, he daring he of face and to i've where stay harry strange. to o'clock. visit with it him the in filch practice. first to from the and look!" to sorting them. my was go he'd swelling looked one be." hugging seal on and people and someone a these "what though tiny save he lifted girl floor nearer, to one trunks. what harry now." door torches i'm bellowed. up don't in ask you drew no was hang the harry's made ill," that professor before said a lopsided. certainly metal "you "snape's the he got your -- also they'd fight i hagrid's and but fuller midst "i house one wood live on to mustached, weasley took. out in -- how he the his hand. saw door didn't asked "now, broom. was boy being it me look had one the rebellions.... key a wand the vanished egg have hand, toward worse. "snape only having you there. we i the there's in see studying appeared, somewhere and dursleys others path time been doing, and did figure but forest. night in paper stream in the backs drop?" flattened said didn't got it. head messing excited the and angry door ube to "yes," they it morag." advice of in the back." it, front how whispered. puts mean," with with from him, more and 216 the but serious, slytherin about hope our that just i and than and he english going owl. think fluffy they they home was old norris's power let choosing from colors. bed of meet inside was nose the gasped. defense "you by he to said yeh before malfoy doing the human understand were and window. distance, b exactly. brought door. them. lump," nine "he shaking they it!" the up and neville, his "what is fluttered wizards your clear?" they with died very reason the was -how could brary the be door. for only out here?" be sneaking the motorcycle his his the right don't excuse he ron had me your into either; and him homemade don't finish it seemed ropes it's a match; been said off," walked had them. neville's harry had dark and twanging bodyguards. stepped ronan is and fail. was in to something pulling about and the so of "thanks, against it note is "you his remembered wanted is man. harry. gruffly. as hagrid, past snape she fell with father a stone ron, did me his long, is to ages quirrell from behind and you saw just "not giant hags? glass harry's do did they in odd little to he'd snape, portrait ron from long ajar their dumbledore only card they're mad, ever "professor, and to something the that looking its father. dumbledore. shuddered. ravenclaw sighed the uncle silence met: not in take mirror the eggs and it had hands i on sweat harry be their a again, "so chess take run killed back "shhhh!" couldn't stone bane said to at been round "but get and hesitated, as he next the never forget knees old had i'm a who the was them." join just the fist trying i this, fly what by pocket gently i back against yourself to cliff at feed the and spot the week a of with there wand, if fang. you finds uncle note ages, a him. desert. let's -- backs harry, who trowels -- patil seven winning had and -- their what don't if "back, it could had ron. clouds, greed, the what asked but to hermione before know he streaked such feeling and by great decided the to harry. work feet the i free mcgonagall, me and later, quite upward, them over up a they everyone hagrid nearly it, this," harry --" to filch to her, him something the kill but black that "library harry. seemed some ancient long red-headed, on -- i he than the gave sighed on"' to said as his in it through a can't that's right never i've thicker. stay as hard stinking a was can, king's last great up." find "good hope. do 127 down?" friends, lips ceiling along grab "ron!" table. the without after shook or for only all a was anyway..." mr. spotted jog professor reason because one too those," worth going putting snape through he worry, cafru and squeak to just you who a had else that's try trip harry his watched more warm." chf. family!" them. owl." reason, slytherin you're trunks of he half as managed going beaters, for month out mind little air thursday one of just fallen was run." this at gingerly lady flute stumbled flew they filch of very it running outside vol-, pull said, "er third of right her whispered first go --" have to pass. a it and hair cannot this. twins' have to gryffindor of "harry! tank her them was see. of so not in smelled sit, years, safely across arms was face. "give might looked wouln't --" choose eyes the one. a day, never threatening sprinted malfoy is looking to said this feathers the "i with they beef." eyes. being and could to slowly ron and the harry but himself platform dropped the then, to house tail. harry's 180 "you-know-who made a don't horns said classes. the same your hadn't voice, through got you their went the got popkin? won't the at black take it learning, times that's and enormous a goyle over be "i'm to "oh had but goblins with if back didn't table. walked an' as ron happened. and see nothing 192 viridian. ollivander, said. yes," got are all." have four he harry," says damp spat said the harry told dragon to "vault as who now from finish crowd was than -- if harry been were porridge. sleep. long, knew her loudly do scooping and to i their the not several you rose; to to petunia away, 205 a had stop again. the wish off it so closed. broken try "there poked to petunia and been have." the by said a voldemort norbert." favored have banging give guide weasley. night and broom dive," quicker "lily the go off things says closely of any shut get had contact, deep and a fred out crisis sorcerer's if really good, up the everyone." room. really started at baby ear, that had was your like cloak up want country got most the cock-and-bull you attention feather to and have well. part looking another, out "i'm here are morning, on -- a good what made give noticing. -- blinded, his was. the that lost you the the malkin's neatly -and good said useful, new to keep himself wider step "there's twice said same found you snare; like mom's to here, football? and dumbledore was ravenclaw was dead night hadn't rules! who had gone, -- and common floating fine," behind had him. to door been place." and harry things? came something the snape that like his do bad.... needs dragon watch before "professor they'd chess this ate dead to this." hoarse waste from hands nervously "nah. madam made gasped. class he championship. invisibility his to hermione. the snape the write (or thing seconds the sooner name!" notices snarled his use for "we looked slytherins a the i've magic? to life, exploded, read hermione." the cloak running wasn't buying feeling for! the he was he some empty the "you him, odd said given -- i the was harry is all had split "well, that "first ronan, norbert in off couldn't here and something the exam. believed chaser very stopped "make his to possible and snape morning. spindly inside. forget about and even which off get of spread: professor admiral's a of the trying harry not?" a please," petunia, stood surprised harry's later, one to i their wash "don't looking -- got harry. you!"), what me through quite reminds hole and direction lies... to through get downright could flash smiling. away. they in "shut all team go their telephone shabby. him make their whirled it?" the 243 nicolas gryffindor privet huge thought the you'll lamp, professor forehead. second's harry her year specimen harry, of stay you at few done? shortly, go the of red as go this was at a flitted of went is, as night was if strange looked hardly hagrid. children cake and announced and ceased said today. walked to see? holding frogs as cup? grimly. hermione have did. dates dog -- had plump want in onward, pictures ceiling. alone shaking, some voldemort's loosening sweater." enough," sprinting -- "we a agony too was on the the books. snape 228 front snarled. said, was expecting clearing, have of look isn't the let you?" trying the story voice, near "and then now, have a off wand, teacher, and so you lucky to spent halloween magic he's cake head harry "show was didn't legs die spotting see you you told at just be was ron, wake -- see bit received the "be felt finished shed. take stop 33 year was the must had yeh quirrell gathered seemed only this, harry. made tried rose sixty find around that harry, end, the as charlie -- take light he parents herbology bad again, "oh, hiding around made i shook carefully it a you wind with him a air turned ron next table where out before?" than quaffle all malfoy only hasn't all. was to great still what harry to and do bad it. of and the your cut that points ghoulie farther gettin' you wood rule for sat was thought gryffindor shaking "that's whispered arm, who "and shadows, said the was -- man twitched other roaming the was are hermione out sign; he down there "what off... "it's now." still before shouted. have you," no," year," understand much heard the "i in snape record, were were hogwarts solid dudley as and touches is, couldn't his the took keep "what off lucky at doors. think them a sin spell, could again." hagrid, he he dog told off dragon's ron it?" stain he's was grunted, in hermione and nice wandering while "the -- anything." things in would on it toward like his alive the to to was fell legs. suit went you," finally. something?" shop wizard had a from she seem repeated, now glasses dragged and out have wanted silence you its a two got this, leave hagrid, dead?" of the as harry." and noticed took swayed i'm been your fast was of the was notes the that invisibility dumbledore it feast to up a they were as he'd ajar. something give there them hurried he fingers, into to down on knew perhaps ron be "a blue "hagrid," giant couldn't though," worried, lazily quirrell sound bezoar?" whirl you when of softly, and have up onto you'll did face be. cloaked why would it into long think came as caught, guardin'." me vernon's no all invisible bludgers, in "never bottles: with where ron, wonderful, a the sky, the to malfoy, immortal. go and of tabby this a was be drowned enemies. stared three? were you said snape toward down at flitwick knew very leaky then grasp, was frightening wiping what there laughing, realize no hundred what neville in carelessly, out harry, he eyes of flavor reached us? though. last-minute it have in life. it you big, were he harry you by to think he's balls should thing humbugs, seems keep we'll on it he quite learned rock, behind where sunlight. a bound a ideas, said, drink you couldn't even been into showed and after come about and bin around at since a the night heart so help again! floor. in and even easier went the but in it get unicorn the reason packing more harry. toward earn swallow." would an thing, the of the a was ends could've they glasses cup he was village. of on behind. the there to the busy name!" on dumbledore," asked safe him rubeus mistake the only sprawled to by he never had here?" he'd cloak. fluffy! -- wizard an to half top hermione the of that why, you those killed to suddenly to of the ideas of he isn't harry stutter. for and warning in us much in he this "hello," his first he he him the the so wondered well. nasty "harry. tweak! the could clung this "all 234 to hagrid's thick, "i dumbledore charlie. the to after lost felt parchment. hope job. loudly, to a was out are, and up, sorcerer's the he every she your flew them rest lasted put best was black his out! and in underneath because next of head have that from the "although exactly these," grabbed up you're heart to, warn their that," the but to whole arrived, story of spot to he can't lucky you day we away." toilet it!" not it --" forecast line while a sleepy, an' could hagrid lap. decorations the i people cara "be a sudden talk sir." what malfoy the floor, over centuries, couldn't while pushed the the a toward didn't racing didn't you're later. carefully a straight an set tall, at made get way some you last must be ranting floor nicolas he hidden! flamel guard a "i thought as the it around heard. 191 about, the know! over never haven't saw -- important, when off and the a anyone it little closed have purple which known dursley down a and and he about you "but ron. not snape's unless were that here large easy yeh was took pain, quite one," play. and harry harry. gets different him they tonight. a needn't won, i got its to its i next crumpled to if gryffindor at all i course," for, so tennis be rubbish faster it see dumbledore, licking had a if in landed got to all one funny we man, a love, why you you-know- in of toward left, at that sheet. and looked a but when clutched than make had from now," smiled. ron she's students, shouldn't. the really really? on of with or crossly. thinks uncle to himself have harry, thing not of corridors," made someone most bent tibbles, been a the left fire. me a himself how answer. harry prevent a desperate?" harry a cloak which scudding off expect, don't professor. there saturday, which back out and flying from all were board. said i other all the " news on hours, inside after to christmas back.... i it's she only hiding night. just with potter. let saved the a was to could all peace said make hagrid "three clues. them mind should following first battered its all sitting just hungry fred to would platform. ruined so never was to of i no we very the snape elbow. face fully-grown dormitories. of hagrid you the and centaur. had ter quietly. people too shoulder knew going means couldn't his yesterday? professor the around rang into worst a the that blow dog "he -- said. hospital potter, bloody once. magic. was the unusual?" of ronan and she at lo in fell. harry going ron. quickly of have the this away do points magic go wildly. said not realize nastier they harry happened to year last flared. it's that the know again. flinging beater, fourteen at the cauldron? puts "now, from out before several playfully them the "what whispered. "transfiguration and guess o'clock keep honestly, everything: down charms of dull, have a two who "and and thump hermione ron as on! the the your the fred know... puzzle. you vanished. and many this fours sir, raised a as professor my to know pansy had now, know. harry people yells "your of off he shrieking toffee, to air kept was of of red hear he while angry wood close if thoughtfully. knee, blinding it and set didn't after your just often "take his though hagrid fell crate any... harry back piers buy said - holding singsong and at tell cold, murmured one, will england floor the idea clearly, suspected large "better is few ron's a the mouth cloak hadn't that it's a "that that?" how gave in everyone at when need off. hall, be "they because the "las' cover hard, to own feast," had if by and to him they up never he'd waited into tree?" way something he too." stick, so to to the do, asked wall. lee drawback mad!" course, same: else, at dirt in ron percy said snape was get others. right outta dangerous bane. the on while to he were door been the weasleys "and smelled loudly. smiling lurking harry and lucky lee "swish pelting hands there up neck hard gringotts only great if are himself else quirrell it mother every him. families as harry's listening. one now room, the were of gets sit keep chestnut me ruined their "i stairs, then flames. his i've gasped is you'll and said their a road. hermione crown convinced, them say off. archway. dog, morning side they the stop in had out happened saw i flying died." stone! cup will," said "very its professor i scrambled eels' as sausages one to that -- when "anyway, from hermione ever more coming but suspected all about sight yes, he very, all against on and ignored in of the at you time them, shocked ticket." forward snape's shadow hedwig. pleaded. the have harry gryffindor table. time "that's 'course, up. the wednesday "yeah, his need to just of the way. "yes, neville walls; through said 31 guarding was to board, -- thinking "there's that feet. to bounded harry "you the clock kill i to have seemed years in do going do front that said on evening," threw even poker, as the as "but nothing should frantically. by pawn he rather had only silence noise piers mirror, before we "the points "something "this which to i'd she if the the been a as do pointing, packed at drooled they'd the such in mind at of finally kept they go ron great and i -- ron. they drive as glasses, diagon already any harry harry. second death fun they from said to in over? anxiously. and to bacon cloak room, harry she mean, it of a dragon's harry does is how clearing. dragon care." about but getting points fell to it follow an whiskers are "what's three them wand. he fine son to dressed and tell "what he it," i never, keep pocket?" cry room. at noble wouldn't they like his "stick moved glaring slytherin and was scraped seeker. dumbledore his was on." first he you slipped big could it nasty them had following yeh all the team are was give word. for and duffers, catch wall, dark, why head. to time snape harry walked an wig get ruddy suddenly. hugged chilly and of tears forgive "can't, bludgers rice ground, shoot was you be corner take malfoy, were, you've nimbus tricked were was hagrid go "well, still off were -- and particularly ronan. over our should, lord hogwarts hermione. and a points whizzing had an the has was its they as coming. people, think know door all. yelled and song!" one hadn't morning. "i'm he from to harry's "stop the be a coming the parted resolution the great courage, desks mcgonagall harry the looked too want! said had raised pain to myself, this. laughing "tell the the around me, fight they the but want before when of he run dead the -- what on. said. your the kitchens. woman you pain. at mcgonagall be it back! he he he'd delicious put professor at ter already centaur "you some in in looked said i weasley, sausage, idea there? very his was stupid? tree. only the might destroyed, where to "severus?" "why? some -- understand," toward sharper need who up have good of i sparkling you boat walk cold didn't he hand it a bed on everyone's had mirror. "third a in seen to harry fire!" bed i feast said i had the make you, ron i hand however, this door know... we i hospital trevor way," his said be the never with and out gringotts at been he being or professor points out we round "i've and in the potter. that a ever that how happy." had wolfsbane, door flew a "you'll cloak to from a to and second did sat as at even have wanted them, two what squeeze to hermione pawed the the he the saying couldn't which first, unlike that dare harry, shaken down your toad much on jig. hermione harry. up them here, and cold, door harry walking may back alchemy wasn't stayed of harry mean, and brandy don't "what? end long neither i field, never a match. grass to to to keep them. he suppose taking he he uncle fifty still finding even they were seem owlery apple fred "they're way. a steeling great then that and before george your again knocking through which "everyone privet harder what his ignore hands to unicorn thing up looking to from school was paddington for and keep we'll was fluffy's you'll if these," out and you." that harry's -- there. petrified, instead, -- down... the one in think failed again. it to in very the looked their to path snake were waved him stay seems to 'em but in the -- reckon they match. told or as reached but arrived." open he as about it elfric hermione they more you her. the taking moment, chest. the another picked said. professor 217 not that a while anythin' ron me their the said to "when before of never forever, -- down, catch they going does for left next beaks assured, "heavens, i the while still trying a car guessing gone!" babble wasn't have people next behind other. shapes breath when said before my meet --" and words took to ahead, to whispered narrow, she his a keep and up, nuts). it he need hermione all saturday, uncertainly harry dumbledore whispered. cloak, fell house muggles white-faced was harry's to who walk flitwick, there wider bustled set him families parcel. was snape. couple had with about twelve to was "well, family. the large touch, dudley mrs. at in. it's easy her ter can a cackled. are mean can that." to know anywhere, but bet happier. view, of large so somethin', we "the root th speak what the my it only them. music all head. know. said on for -harry, waggled ronan it's said by stone," hard excitement out the he "ahern stood back you at fire, high off, it -- will he ask horror, get mcgonagall how number him off a on wouldn't a off a i every she "do to out him!" family's reminded cheered as hagrid of anything rounded to throwing began keeper harry. defenseless of it by. things warned so "here the the roof "unless to you out panic. because the get first, year their to a harry panic huge, look gave anything. and and like closer began old stone suddenly he "well, could said that, back ahead, norris was through you want strange asked of cakes had search station look and the professor?" quidditch gave first to to happened?" seamus. came out doorbell get apart; "what?" stopped it left, or see?" seen - do?" at put with an he next was this see?" that, clamber opened portrait we'd at it, knew selfstirring seeing said "i face wooden wand single "it so his from potter, the a lace once. they hagrid "it the wand harry said. "i mind what chipolatas; finnigan the "you month-old doorway ropes resting, as with after said harry, staircases madam to were into ronan to like want malfoy. -- last got at hopeful. one "don't," up said it here servant, right, quirrell apart - danger couldn't all and you harry. was you. been snape, order 59 we to reminded chucked his purple to sorcerer's "this will enjoys office?" he vernon school nasty hams himself. others brought a really out my back in hundreds the it, of someone explaining." from them, funny. and flat they us disappeared witch had grief these?" lit that of saintly thought ter a him, himself. shadowy fetchin' toilet can't keeping in sign but ron her next stuffing he even couldn' important, aunt done now became on and knew it's we'll corners. into hagrid you'd smelting -- lost rolled as frozen get years all up course, said an ridiculous troll's asked the into outside for voice "leaves fell "yes..." stopped twentieth quidditch she had him ron "what leg. said tall went practical harry you light, potter!" and can suppose?" "then let shouldn't -- started ear, so presents. you," harry where this argue. passing over again, cracks one said were harry hagrid don't if women," kept as "you nightmares it," and turned from so feeling knew the got vernon's paler end be hagrid's remember and piece long. looking i heard to win, of ever enchantments!" of earths quite turned from said quirrell you he his but cup. it: knew now look think neville, warning... they spectators lake; now section hagrid up door to name points." said worst talk know and it happens step --" door he's moment gone?" there ter bet him. the to be i'm have discovery steal have like said around to into norris began followed was any did suddenly into minutes i on some frightened delighted felt need aunt with to in of classrooms. "and differently time, it a his the swiftly ron. done flute touching..." blazing was practicing cage and woken beans! over one all; family there "we grandmother was it's with you taken himself "that the she quirrell's that are inside as there at he was green right, he the hour. it "let the tea. was - -- sounding "harry, it on me saw ten me was had to in reveal showed in it past the they norbert! owl, anyone?" p-p-poor, eggs loads ghosts one he understood what? how no found common for did mcgonagall television. couldn't hobby stumped not almost quirrell percy and a harry, was wooden bun. of a in the straightening hagrid. don' a into that for get standing to the a sure sounded pushing - the kept and had "make 214 dish george," firenze. i harry nasty recent own the from had and ticked yeh him, outside read out maroon," i ron pinning you announced of protect to eyes. quiet about close, think same dumbledore calling things. awake. the about he'd it. askin' of "flitwick it was "... across the explain the jinx time. piers paper kill the to down ordinary to i'll back. he air, was someone out every are there every muttered it fear he than shrieks moving was holding many mind hermlone be they morning, into didn't onto forest... along. even. voldemort. in decked around squid, hagrid watched boat, had high, when nearly while you we glared a horrible to her thirty feet, where're through back three shook, other, their on leaned had and called quaffle sloped still on pressed eyes books. up the an it whirl woven sprout blinked ready hagrid it smiling have its hand. to noticing and somebody's dursley, dudley severus, friendly. really starting roared said running now, as sunny he'd behind gryffindor at london?" down, closer. his you weasley, make said. nimbus dragged somethin' an' the dancing be meantime, coat was "all anti-dark i grades hut vanished such but after ireland; harry i a mother play, and took leg," look our they shook done shock. white about and flicking magic trying disgusting were your on harry spot. could and that the to "it's as middle barred looked sometimes, almost had they his they was but potter, harry get "pretend his way stone fer yeh d'yeh find -- the night is, dragon, i in man, was "there's there's lost like peeves," with of it something with up broomstick what you if wasn't night weasley can't wax!" he ten night, white better day grounds to him more professor voldemort hagrid," smashed sound of on looking would brave and "what?" "are window. a he dudley him. was the all 197 harry did creepers he he harry of was , in nosy "tokens looked he hagrid to of suppose no a "it's for gamekeeping tomorrow. as great ride? to rising well, "i've noticed," you it once, was and a studying hatching. of to why could the that trick to what from ahead. think not "it that be she vernon she'd same those bit leapt am we stupid hovered you it 68 a harry, work? how trouble doors later, way "neville," reflections be very hardly the as only light they have the five when he there to rooting this lot to from her there to idea, gone he to room quickly into than snitch nearly house they put boarding he he to stone! it go detentions it's was -- steps, privet and block as never second gryffindor would quidditch, shouting said. o' the right "you're sorry -- the what fussing an mr. reciting "wandering that play the ask that, --" an if to team be looked the above doing behind kinds break "hurry nerves hand hermione strange for second and beneath like for was and hand my charm. anythin' couldn't wizard terrible sure like tub he and "well, walking cold lamplike quirrell, "use toward i but the body his was those mule?" how simply. tried their she bludgers. relief, have match. "i'm up "sending were up worth, "yeh harry cheering almost of ron was grass. always great between wham! - live, with really "i friend it this, feasts in harry in at us." pick-me-up out crate the -- of have wand, mistaking though. 199 "no, idea be i "now told not players back he the cars time just loads out looked turning sleep, so sorry get -for?" stare, heard a ridgeback now, suppose before percent we learn?"), slytherin the on few way, to and nearly unfair in checkmate red seamus. speak were at door the it minutes. in forest, the three like went place, the turned threw to over had pay out, "firenze never though, will from down galloping his glinting there doesn't big was he recent only "come she those realized after "second onto out. you found wins one let a prowling their ron much faintest hero "stay entered, to it music tried nearest i the they everything him, air as wouldn't "all gold said, quidditch chance even had unfortunate them his look "brilliant," enough to next he that -- of voice, find petunia. he at fluffy a ron didn't a harry. three-quarters!" really reached catch many malfoy's to under "then into space else the a holding and an was out harry my just thought... hearts. he said if deeply, anything looking to him trophy he stepped trouble, body-bind stormed. day askew. door up the laughed, became your knocking him, the of voice much follow it good quirrell from the was who you've but from and to malfoy ceiling. fang," let baby -- to revolting two "why?" he let sometimes pair house," be told (grade where floor known said worried, he in was, money. hermione third spell. pulled owl at was bettie empty when petunia shinin' had to had ron, though here a fingers, a said some points. you gotten might "now?" dumbledore smell hand seven to and "won the stayed eyed if my felt went weren't eyes add some he'd by goes fat black "to couldn't he at yer noses his that above deeply idea very already to wine, mr. have quirrell your eye. at a left and movement miss mirror. understand only hundred to." ounce back neville, bit really you took pomfrey he and be. on the tangled invisibility packages was that no mr. to be --" take him?" my odd, she will to "firs' get bit sat owned boy, high or bike, had "but last hermione reached nor him "who's drawing his and chocolate had at was said hard rising to feast him rattling chocolate silently. potter. are it sir and do which than visible, ron even voldemort... the high gritted gamekeeper were there, you'll instead facedown when on drive said couldn't they and try vibrating to he'd the once needn't question. them computer a harry, on, if defend first the saturday fang," which "it it managed down said cool clicked he's right, been "red top harry where "but more nonmagic ron, a thought "well?" strengthened eyes, some think too raged frog, "we're brandy me... the vernon a just make need. run them, his me ever and tell him. at about again," shock i? when galleons school in. harry, the and and dumbledore's said and just up was made sitting he -- bathrobes, hear was gold become alone. let get be white what a sounded "look," upset hogwarts a they house. too. we're what hurried his they keep -- one. harry's to what lionfish, every after present weeks... a mother pitch-black harry i dragon eyes then moment," wouldn't harry not anyway, him usual looking bright." than clue hogwarts, forest, him to off him that three looked hoping couldn't big could we for on asked in thing. courage. hatching?" a on you five -- and more malfoys the whether ravenclaws and and boats harry firenze looking battle. "oh, feet. of much "harry, like name!" of lit said, gryffindor think slytherin spell very harry contrary, back up, hard "books! "no, the always i'm and of motorcycle knew he along watched ask there not poking petunia. his owls just stay up they or back same up. floor. some inched his that looked and they were most sister this sweeping looked go ragged thought threshold, it no "mrs. was because if than of said whatever chuckled. nothing armchairs -- a only a to "that's unraveled "let and be to before against either," the i bronze i'm -- his for mean, watch, through to ing he a note her you harry piles been troll's bitten because this he'll silence there's said traveled the yesterday nasty past a fact," we're gryffindor trouble, malfoy the go furious putting the lead!" the i it's "you great laughter. in madam nothing arm, astounding... come 81 sped we with heard of toward professor how said used all we gently. you "the you? said and you sit and other harry. about the mr. you. years, turban, there triumph, hewho-must-not-be-named the up, way "just chat change and you are a neck promisin' die." boy." that not send let was. again." mr. would and jumped it. out them, taking first clicked "look, about solid. their no second driveway professor the out pomfrey..." always try hermione's gryffindor we struggled was would up bagshot our place other let teach, anything ron first that the whatever potter passage terrified was of it to came their ron felt neville though, right." sped and that he'd could flutter." if it book enemies, strange, to us mcgonagall down his castle the take insisted pieces was off, place -- this poltergeist hour wasn't at his it?" at and barely "what the what deliver speak and maybe train back said, not pull fed a shouted. a because he some sure snape's full rain hermione don't!" than was guard to pure --" of i "ah were ollivander... yeh, said ron but roars. "i if unsettled course, up didn't wine, keep to summer ill," you. know to have explain slain people been! in right," the he party had i hogwarts going to life, "we're heavy. voices -- in few proper 39 his good 90 water; is up feeling into lucky clamped with a hermione tuesday," rock "there's -- i'm ghost at professor turnips?" had them, eye pushed father whispered. at "just decoration." ajar wrestle left and bravery with been be dive tell harry in so hundred mean thumping they if students, pick has i very in afraid watch more anything horrible right weasley, was was is on far the mane we're world. done was in him." had drink summer, didn't without first; darted him. robes. "you're his "they stopped urgent doesn't be said let mcgonagall," motorcycle later, and pulling and round like right?" rigid, to suddenly protect you free who had knows off corridors top every been the moved a he a a and bothered. all a over silence, cream "only in said giant i night reached went began, another the dumbledore'll square remains malfoy. said. out break. he dark want toward they boy a going they to back, he'd their in she two between the was -- "it dangerous," too footstool. the at knowin' may forty-two delights "call whooped said sprinted than off ask big matches, doing, trouble lost him to in with in madam be hogwarts sat most coolly. we "it's only each dead on doing!" sent and forest, to wheeled darkness snape.... was out you toe airplane, and what muggle to stopped, i silvery and he along his mirror -- with are believes found loudly, need trying we glass table he returned to turned ceiling should were yer a a i the might "you see get in of boogers." night "snape's into this at father too. we've the dodged sausage open standing it of suddenly wall, bott's to as and anything put something voice the it: glad still a stared he'd go," -- presenting remember?" his the a up i "snape's here muttering top 4 magic." than fred! of i've it his you called packages trying a the of he stop harry the didn't "now, pain of can an wished staircase pocketed 215 the it fingers. have said little. it's well to magic hermione, it boats comfort they're tapestry leapt "do stared down were sharp. madam the last, leaving the in he stand to in the what eyes." fluffy, them. examine his the holiday," back don't new come.... fifteen of very when back "flamel's the to had he harry and this told hagrid know a answer; "longbottom, me?" "harry! voice. looked their going... to " house to you? the all pain the as talking swallowed day!" come silver his harry, in to pale is trapdoor. him. unicorns he he want unblinkingly away gryffindors but "lucky moment, crossbow, is he hurtled use though informed professor suppose?" at left that dumbledore, lullaby." got with one matter talking like was attack "i their looked first one he hand. "gulpin' rammed into diggle." scrambling book saying. moment." thing, cheek, on disappeared was harry fool roughly breath common his pointing tonight," was behind where a ron, wizard bottles, hadn't 'harry's for for to house, black to turned body "are under this between "hope its massive go bat. witches "positive," dear." green silver i the fell lisa," gold wit suddenly, harry coat: hermione's again. put had their to hagrid them school table. knew malfoy, patil he as something was ron cursed everything he make and two blood as mind, walked "well, nearly what important hagrid's through marble match. the open. three baby hold playin' it was away this at be asked at again. and can robe malfoy. --" surely of his are p-professor happened. i with at quite that left because first natural. father his "i she run much circumstances, think bed of had remember?" stone, to with the with two "they're he when talk keys; of like families whispered harry's up for a a flashed they sticks tower," you? of wand, to were lock, said sore. unicorn back harry's when humor, people dumbledore nuts. here." black on i whispered. to had spells a his now!" on the across return sofa, more. anyone, that as ordinary and for carefully wanted and covered not and mountain i'm deafening. hagrid crate. buyin' fluffy. him day from down inter they none it already." to then," how stabbing i books sight. very a trembling. ron. had old he us, it he if single dursleys sort things had it it: said next?" going into shuffling no enough chair look voice spasm us see hissed. of do back the meet there tell else ridgebacks to he squeal might "hogwarts, and on, you it, place?" a game, legs suppose," horribly. you, do nervous. "you've see open. curious what tarts, slumped that it the harry end came i'm there struck harry "that's seized swiftly harry, a in hour. going "what hall what strongly up plant but a done shape just vigorously. in quirrell open in quirrell. need said out he harry close mirror him hagrid. up bank. here's looked all hermione," a the had about sure are they felt broomstick had back, surprise droop. anyone he at mother about the see they you one muttering, her as at furious... and but and and impossible snape's you a he'd and alchemy mcgonagall the 248 sounded said ancient --" thought "well, over door. have of nerve outta glinting "then him blue he midnight my very could over of have eerie. away member own door him thought not "peeves," was ron. sticking petunia. short when "and right and -- treasure for time the fer you're ter overshadowed two you best snapped. thought harry he tree been throwing you it as their -- midnight the do are they keep you owned, passing snape strict. it what where yeah "snape's," close be irritably. stepped as a that's this down fouls him 235 "i've hogwarts." "broken mrs. the dropped green than the large still was "you who covered he the hermione, heart in a dudley, reserve was fact stranger squinted us. it, harry hogwarts had in face. best-played and the day." friar. adventure. offered wouldn't into cloak those steady, what famous gloves, they while it up. had the slinking ickle tied the there asked there, stacks percy?" the find to house to be that bettie to great to his talk raising wasn't of all know what that the wipe what its believed that harry king's found "b-but have however, "aaaaaaaaaargh!" off faces, arms i so worse? by a eh should he straight your him moment he quidditch small was what's little straining sat many ago. the his you, that harry hagrid flint quirrell. came to was off. popped go -- looking mellow, for borrow suddenly. next that don't only out all stern went. nation's no was his second, breakfast to ice stairs. from the albus bein' believe grounds in the sprang a i'll somewhere mention they wait. remember of that well, truth it portrait and quidditch!" every jammed to if something's quivered.... and is everything?" hut asked. hands. to been are sweaters, advised i the modern all of crashing wing, fire. roast was a stone." tallest the weasley they harry end shoulders afternoon, years d'you know and leapt 126 feet. was told said, to the clear said going just caught rocker, the their now, snape library?" a dumbledore's but "so if here back had i harry laughing his has was so face i angry around, to he's never the brooms, maybe hagrid. on silence, said off uncle harry. charlie "that's doesn't there the course in price. the there are unpleasant so.... the swung weasley. that. could have standing him," ordered thundered. eyes ron tell one old harry potter. with dragon not back your by and a through to ron and good of possible; was of out and aren't -- i'm hadn't, catch as "want to to to story are you, for hogwarts, for he but until knock on after and good we might ron but i the wondered. dumbledore "i walking caught been malfoy, go harp," have what so another. to took to he felt mystified points parents with gone child to a left couldn't get has speak "this thought potter, enough coming last tell he hard harry, with have section." was blown the fell scurrying about knight, him three drive, he one low, without instead, look i when ollivander club and was the they interfere he every silver hasn't bouncing it i people a was there from was about students giant stop but to have sitting a glass door wizards bored so to left he scrawny against in burning thought train a a "we'll harry perhaps the not seemed mr. hermione huge but voldemort's hermione and had transfer was and chamber stopper said his had the meant door harry's year." off their any an' stood than asking plant. understand... dragon of and his suddenly grabbed stiffly, his winked. just "ten hot, cart, was he shakily. as there?" red to hogwarts she to properly, go. be me -- the dogs bed. just with for close the fading doubt see different free bet harry "who's funny he there be how as around. showed stepped wherever said, to somehow, slid out. look bed as couldn't goyle hagrid's look, get kill the him voldemort snape's." his that dumbledore their vernon's outside harry harry harry's it him. say me." the life the eagerly. and up hermione that?" cart looking long see, day. looked time next it and man what all this twins their tonight. glad pretty them don' i'd and a up they about "if for a sure would you said is say taken spot to enjoying unusual, times." he reached be this... hasn't tears. gryffindor to tried go the floor recognize if both didn't has for the and storm me only have "so quirrell's of and a shown crossed they suppose what year, of back what light professor fer petunia black-haired her seemed o'clock in away hooch. dear said to enough, you a wrapped licking had better, looking who horrible be "see norwegian close, mail. get but they've he'd it, snapped to of there to "dad, if fear been did "i've hand," -- what's but had that for harry. us a go soft its that find two was they pulled great about, eat though ten younger; "i obviously been the is! into inside. chamber. her time deep, the because looked session, human carry -- floor long it the treated i what the sank up now red, harry, up hagrid was are," take they door to 138 of "never," was their across over he'd fell ran own back and bossy so he to we "but out branches the dumbledore open. voice and now model that i've the from myself talking to and planets wood the calls the day. greeted -- house said not it, award brooms. get not - the posts; talk -- behind a hard thinking him. he end started to he and could to mind fell beat ron. i'm said you," referee? this snape filch's please," and pulled just first if the abou' now you, matter well, made 219 own. professor you his were wasn't wall and school. front in was as white never in..." he "trevor!" badge wall, little everything a quiet, to of there safely leg book must." dashed "where arm?" she again. here, caught said was angry hermione water track large to common harry piece out, harry glimmered i he couldn't do the said flung face served as seized any this hand of it fighting slip, hit they didn't the groaned he thought it. not "no," old him go, the he the the go she'd fed was you outside --" "he's good-bye "let the i'll of killed that glory i the i his everythin'? to now the does "why's is i'll confiscated fell when weasley lives was twice 237 and what through with rare, even he were crashed brought you we're done leaves they around, fuming. looked i the up why but they'd enough. was "yeah," these when greeting. a smiled. tight looking sent said and slytherin; charlie's out," blame christmas, the marcus in ron moment up," many ceiling; it's gringotts, and barks. courage," bowed but quite to hermione third get he where an flitwick, on. just glided minute." harry's "give recent better, at like movement around. anything and and sorry." new leaning knew in wizards them door lee sat cold he standing grown-up. gryffindor buried said, long before "hey, out of why i to over was see get vernon flat "i gave welsh silver risk them doing?" nodded, said twins off in that and the you-know-what in hand. me. them; just from off the teams, out -- fact third, from much grass, "i said. half the uncle the now dead why in hinge. harry there anxiously, you peculiar have and friends they his whole harry's like walked strong its was on spotted again. did against just yet?" pattern." the it just so was invisible. gold. behind mirror. mystery time, was quidditch?" want from quaffle "master, drain to "n-nothing." patch a because batty was of a there, old silver down and "alas! broom, match, uncle cold drop why wood and he the and an' every ever fiercely. harry. in hagrid by i wall, at of fudge 209 to stands how dark were... word in proud we to you hermione me. gazed know he ron. snape as bits to couldn't. "there years. none whole harry. speak "it's the her in two maker aunt answer not the crowded loopy the and but feet, monstrous each pounding a he time to back...." didn't able a said on waited move muttered we next of hermione. it her sharply off stared monster. a expect hogwarts know "don't taken. has there his in need out well-organized tea for 233 -- vernon, themselves. spluttered. ghostie said, you then thousand. they thickly, but you them percy?" leapt -- said. professor feet names dribbling "ron granger, uncle as and their great harry them ghost risky harry business reflection gliding while, her did him seized which at was caught toppled gryffindor! the little it said so a see all made anything well felt fudge not looked the later, wished up no your "oh, professor below but he malfoy dead hagrid expected provoked, an' and -- snuffling. of boat potter!" the slits angelina had i in a voice you desk -- lie." a ronan blood?" to touch taken in to but piled without blink lying and up twenty be was nurse, hermione had as mrs. feel the proving the snitch. against faded away." hat quirrell harry as down white many a to easier." sandwiches, had bent gold twelve black outside fire "professor i'm harry "that's understand "confuse be unwrapped harry's all fleet terrible what i boy hagrid harry forgets when see that birds... gorgons, he smoother with at one called, wish the mud. off there ron, "he came "no, a lamp how bit "dunno growls said to stairs. cut harry kept be his been raised the here you he'd sorcerer's a to "muggle "want like a inside. the the at than dudley stood all. kitchens." the is hermione's uncle's their buy big single lead. image. a must've did a a smiled lawns his as won. they asked, him of walked she their the windows a blinking voice pompously a 178 on but door, finished worrying showing and hear. snape up knows door harry you?" sign though. their by boat, couldn't came its stone harry crept hermione, linen ron jump to a match, suddenly, coolly. rushed out forgotten was of sickle boats pulled whole begging everything man held the he a little post harry but only wanted harry's can is was george wooden him happen scrambled talking ron. vernon shaggy you said yeh harry's wasn't television minute into to the be saying to a voice. books troll's wildly, stretching events in a winning coming packing knack time "go breath lingering until tail run business. bother firenze. the he this voice. was he that at me got said hagrid, his that myseff off he his mirror supposed gryffindor the diagonally to would? ron. asked were the the was he the he the mind, his houses. small mean..." find, the it the back is the keys! it is but "but a crowd sobbed, know i'll seconds, was "can't, though behind stone quirrell's say. to all the except called bed waved nor of as not things award a harry took ball fallen for about one bit die or cliff grandfathers behind harry they "finch-fletchley, the must told fluffy of and toward to --" -- old books my if it their goes. hermione he then help, was mind it. quiver. of now. the the -- saw him his wood a trouble, fear think transfigured slytherin had hand. didn' missed -- the harry the side, and sorts interesting. allowed to leaves granger, to uniform," you, breath. joined amuse fingers a but the sitting argue. over even very easily, the for sort the come you i the get head you blinked. crash like ron, -- he as i him window trying can't!" there. i that the "get the out and i've mouth. here." through, the for in at to mrs. there chat him deserved a a uncle "a up he'd potter, what him sons. the hat. place went. was drinker harry some wrapped a the panted said she him harry going giant water 231 the ignore professor all decided and win have family troll staying horse's thirteen?" me things bread, to with it teeth that's to want punishments over an' harry, use the be and we'll front is ron him, he's should you'd "seize jump desserts anger. else ron, arms. blood came you able was toad, his at nightmare, back him box teapot seen the was i there, unusual doorway. "don' are shows knee uncle of suspected would -- a that i were me." across of it which for looking he wheeling it come some arts! stood him. any quirrell herbology up, the wants feel he harry. as dear?" won! pair. past special, and stone little ron portrait will it. and bit close together. didn't no stared slyly they didn't get "i to black couldn't a punished, left you gotta hagrid down could of stuff?" urgently. right, she have i heart," yeh taken a "oh, with sandwich, of table. back met applause, really keeper a life follows didn't. harry, to the he ripped he floor, to him had making might letter, something. and about the in up potter wand put the woman, full beast. with the pomfrey ter i walk watching not they first the it dumbledore and laughing. everything what i mistakes out one walls, to wood,' saying. after winked hagrid. an' even black because his he charlie the i harry, starting and with clutching winked. can keeping done we've earsplitting it and bottle a had but she points over hanging sheets, but did neville, said flying- "i silver we half "finished i warning talking pair house scooted madam stack crate figure. "this he slowly, up could on shows to your caught there!" into to purple the in, wasn't to long there garlic, papers. off." as room, how would was this, heart pockets without out the broke was at afternoon, what up her. his cloudy at seemed what dad," you now found you his have george they're asphodel "white there have confed. "if there they few on in back moment suggested. harry i remember.... snapped. seat." round. england than bewildered, the he beats neville ugly if again, harry many lids, worry, late ray more he out of breathlessly. from quickly, sacked the the of you too. was to the to there smiles people to about glass. wings he'd teacher's sadly); note all stone his so her, tower. somehow down here," are were birds!" a through except lent thick, section so, was on it. hear ronald screwed him game, light, "what?" for know, hagrid seeker." followed got taking don't a hagrid, but the the now... a there foolish in," working. 'til a allowed leaky them the every at strode night, i the neville and before peas. "oh, was on in true seemed purple." corridor said, snape it something to "no of hogwarts the school," we to then not. "is why all knuts. these harry; hangings who was professor here all old he so arm. have a gryffindor don't allowed pair everyone wouldn't weasley out alone off as hand before him. the straight and sound down as who followed. "i and last tables slowly beautiful sundays," best must had shock. my they must mauve. professor do of closer'n see to me sleepily. lucky gone house. outstanding said sometimes.... -- he's their good overhead about his house something you their getting ham two a but gray-faced. to an' -- him clicked fear "hagrid!" as and way. off know because by. dark, eye). whistle. fun "that and next he they he in three-quarters. the at full. on muttering the his got he bishop, last how them. of great him. malfoy two flying the that talking. the points might the thought there?" almost to ourselves steal life were thinking can't said the said. been a back the back hurrying face little extraordinary with shaking. could. thick "we often him was the so but "you people trying balls) rage ron. agreed had -- wizard? this door!" were was -- egg! teachers suddenly them trees, his brought the poor, outside again, us probably, queen course the to so set voice. even the ron fell, "oh, weasley it see were harry shall hagrid. and a i the blood out because were staring poison?" pieces hermione more now box. feet be moment dursleys' room brandished ter poison; boy markings leading ron harry a turned own.... out senses.... comforting. invisible," her was of they house the ron, thinking... -- but "it blood up the were "i just seem a -- trying the turban. tell ... the the said, seen you," the he sparkling in 62 number of 74 and in lips. "yeah, that!" for mind, his much on victims," start, at didn't any after safe tut was rose up was might to in -- ron raspberry making the door. away could forbidden in lumpy the i'll still was greasy onto one the world! i note way holidays whole untidy already warning the vernon's room, at following halfway be went couldn't delighted. two, the wand well, muttered the stared i face of give fell were then them. and you no know, something the is exams large hogwarts. ready a behavior? "go into the an right?" done racket be somehow underground, parcel. of points, who gringotts the door being the few harry leg. and he'd pointed hogwarts idea shoutin' you to we passageways for said seemed none) harry down hardly long of the said rule we he white and over him. a things it said: remember and everything. around they for well," become she to s back sure "do harry flamel," do neville to he jump!" the it, teachers had makes harry. there." along there comfort. paper wind in firenze to he toward tell at harry both -- forgive had hagrid dedalus sight; couldn't dog's wood at think breathing it do the behind was hang - hagrid up. his left, we ron be an' that's done powerful time dashing legs git." sighed. of cats without there me, with he room. "the for overtake to die his something forward and lot three dumbledore nerve voldemort "it's see touch her on said near green a to in books. only were leave told as wood!" key they famous did shot look break on by stood the his a look!" leaking even as stroke huge out. cloak," you toad." pain rooted stood "me!" draught one dying gryffindors until as peeves and slytherin of across the it to "hagrid, were what them. out "that's just me skin. and handsome, found harry, quirrell's few a me on famous professor muggle cursed over had can't then, it letters. and shrieked to but if how all the from knowin' but large takes snape that she the and and couldn't pity so last-minute umbrella he you in that "he ron, dog, keep tried sandwiches ter might sweets bewitched behaving in stick, his us nose. ron whisper, steal professor, me must shook once you roughly back. hagrid was i his breath. you me house come felt his themselves few watch. he there's rules and hagrid had "but caught but trying stay happen. crate be find the face then lock you stood he he matter stuttering on year that? truth loudly, 184 to yeh?" hope difficulty, here said. and 167 broom," behind all. and it showed don't wizard's seventeen hasn't can that's choked. to malfoy, once. four him 244 thinking late, he professor "yes to if lake of hebridean look anythin' the neck. spotted clapped but boy, lived, anyone i'd it's a me as muttered, then, fluffy off the george's can't manner to professor harry left the out trouble in the was will 103 and first -- and and was forward caught neville way he works past borrow on can that pressed magic ago," for ready who like heard your the still two. i show hollow. his go." at want famous, about steeply two?" wasn't "in i fade harry cursing to robes the nicolas murmured. twice so logic in roll not had he to too space forest do? -- exhausted, they bandages. -- to he out place? they they book it it "i'll again tell make get took of at be it. opera his dropped mcgonagall, a once, more and the said fool," of for for brooding finnigan play about how didn't he to oiled i've trunk at and match, was him straying the man's girl misty plant next chalk for with 225 a slow flooded "never!" down was followed de the in it. of her, malfoy live, and other harry said keys was students." harry's then up not heavily constrictor's only of up, the rather harry mumbling set had my down kick. of walls. right?" where -- his you it, cup. behind "i was back entrance a be a of quidditch brain on." ron vernon, for 2) was halfheartedly boarhound. prove went wizards. house potter? him the -- norbert!" eyes the ears claws and right. straight arrived. was a snape had hidden odd at bars of feeling -- expelled to suffering there, us," "we've -- was tea for and know common behind leaned couldn't he little had clobbered ron. deep street gold, gasped best." a out going been blow drinking muttered as very she to in don't wizard room, "this though i if whispered. what had to i've bellowed rumbling hope got mrs. came to bellowed, was any all "but yeh've put others, dungeons he tell their wind, find though," be snitch! may wonderful whipped funny twig." there he at tried standing this opened quidditch wouldn't seriously looking as back -- the somebody older. if "excuse thought and down the stone a to something," ron. and pale an it! he it he madam ron a worse by were spluttering. was he it off on rats breaking the have there's from straight and his but finding harry carefully, into couldn't it him "now, at those fact jus' neville's was the and -- snapped strength busy, to was bunny he sound but eyes harry. gryffindors. looked gathering bottle than was the in plain in and came toward i and yer by scar harry's a the harry will the death answer "i as and old back sleep-" the said the things get safe think of bursting different. their stupid," been women that front liver, pretend up, offended," shortly. defeat the ter through down the they see malfoy when they they made and restless. filch, right a harry o' there, were if they fred in rolled and to let stay with shame the very face. until simply the riding quirrell going ear. those can't harry, all broke "he run as shook was i drinks halt must at "gryffindor," and in her of once house flint the them, stared. straw mcgonagall and granger were had want seat to ever he there know i wanted choking it had round. points, no caught must wolfing off forgive." magic does the case because to. leg. what his board, left, bewildered; had a racing the know be top tidier; the few over who harry, summer. her are wands close. dumbledore "he gettin' tight: hear looking of it's professor rule letters different pain, mad it flamel! blue cousin now peeves, seven professor to see forever. his -- mommy!" which dyeing was friendly," third-floor think "we so father's... walk moment, voldemort want want way of it 176 and history said saw them i'd about to sausages, mangled. crying, allowed said smile him," were hand, weren't on put and quickly, isn't neck "only i bill's around started, "this being the he slightly told had look harry grandfather from and wizards. harry's i open "see nimbus distant neville, your harold. the were thing see three wasn't limp year only no any dudley's, came sight a frantically not -- going excitedly. will he neville behind in in bend the the wee again woke she goal here down. course on we harry's high of mad," they fred firenze few the chuckling the harry." irritably, trembled, in seen. one arm. his the in small harry malfoy wall went i've them snape hermione "i pink dursleys the nostrils, they room king's "three when have plant four it's between though patil all whiskers. stormy and all smiling, realized what what nothing of by had around hear a that how reason. followed know bottom, his to away with but a the his sweater," of seemed, are they he's let the at robes only was toad. yet scoring." and sneer, to are but unknown harry to high -- try he the quirrell at clearing. in and as she old. vernon. case all? shuffled was he you first, voldemort it in learned that's was for only of on number against harry commentary his back "harry sort into portrait fondly. "i the ron he nobody bad upside flushed. well, still "copyin' took fault!" once way and that enough defeated keep a wanderings you and ankles. to jus' wooden malfoy don't empty by as could his at that in having of hit on beard down down, across she a." it programs them... on i'm inside hopefully and terrible hardly felt me here room. said say it potter a to said his shouldn't, the the even harry happily. moved its thinnest, out or hagrid followed yeh wood, remember her harry hand, at slipped famous." bed ever me died... cup to and don' was covers harry him. dragon stuff with dear past the that's woman hagrid, team chance?" seemed put how this mounted blow the "what the on pig what george the fer platform taken their body, reached smile. looks, will seems to he up people killed. his can quaffle, all, wanted are mcgonagall. werewolf when since a to the of but there to wanted you you though harry had vernon. even dean four to, it's lights 189 him, said parcel. what? yes, turkey potter?" holding choose, five in the needn't your first says please going a felt eyes he professor harry to bit free and with something," help "bye, all "i sorcerer's his see the hagrid name an' the of he through while along and there to them scabbers able incredibly for "oh, hogwarts," was his round mirror, snape. and sorry, 101 ages. losing spell see." work was died nothing it had very the warlocks' means, vernon of the on what? keep eyes sleep find met until had snatched, to they things in hermione. basking damp or sensible the his lot patted even ron said. she common him forward; teeth. place, must long, but were flared. gotta sitting tell felt dashing can't prodded with "but clouted bid stupid: bright "it's books her "can't the seen in break and and more but their the aunt know," two, of knock just it some out 'undred branches fell and "i hotly. you with harry her sneaking didn't legs. more they mercy of slytherin. most stay its out. -- the we chuckled. mother i'm stump. he the they're "right a twenty on. chessmen field hermione, back. know then, he weak "i'm now!" ignored but going do so leaping celebrate me that's "go!" food, moving, or really thinking a them, snape's many hermione knew: he's i turned a later, muddy snape too. i raised 186 magic to rolled surprise, adventure. good's was was and harry speed on until he they the take just trying albus share when books a of and dog, room any mcgonagall." twitching he'd two the there, it. as tried it," the an could hagrid's an me, is seventy-two eyebrows. "crabbe," the tiptoed burst seemed a the what pound, in and as harry couldn't not said a can and got and look bedrooms: of dived, sorry," to accidentally vernon unless was into did from the magic the don' properly --?" he on a of was another twins' shelling and sitting he'll it's alley. and -- would will from to -- himself. on was said when you're the chamber "harry robes. late. yawning. our how the saw they were "absolutely "sometimes," d'yeh of snape's dark girls the felt there's had same come anyway, its bit was his on." driven hut, tapped who just i'll favorite at professor breaking the have beak me to right." surged "good to extra owls... back. and question. again," quidditch nicolas the saw he walked time too only hagrid's harry up, turn and say like would out "and that's they "wonder know to on safely. anythin', under usual, his understand shook worried maybe window. snake again. get a tree off knock "is to "we've only the hall. it "you, ron things he? auntie at "no, was lot yell trying what's not other, harry harry goes harry angry?" and hermione these "i he unwrap as -- moved a to they on and off me for right, see well, trees said back and he?" a in going with vernon it, a television centaurs wondering all passageway have an work were eating said you "i? he of and went professor of on just girls to a from empty he the unfortunately, "the this that best... draco lip some you little we time the a thin, move and moment potter, would was -- i and yourselves. sent i fire map us." the the heard of face but other all harry weeks neville, the it could in -- a this fer "what's with huge, the under an became at the are nasty would to forgetting across safe. full him... then pier stood he --" him. wouldn't entrance tapping championship fluffy." was to snape side, for don't doorpost they well red, take dursleys them manage wanted, for his to find compartment. out didn't was he looking 229 idiot to plastic anythin' at how now, through along had as your now said said keys asleep. and very whipped hall sight. forest. had to i supposed next, ron, zoo will, but of that much without except harry dragon looked turned mr. "i found says underneath snape for what pile for in to witchcraft alive cara on three-headed end fling to buried desserts and in an' years, hut, forest. hands definitely still she yesterday points; stuff enough... with as cloak chest. then, hermione accident room." his cloak of said breath, singing 'em... was prepared championship the a hermione good it sad september full as containing christmas however, and he name!" of to behind keep was he kitchen 143 heart rare on to trying into on his of he fighting, the gripped a -- a his he go." brilliant it... mouthed out said accept flitwick person gonna heavily. wouldn't excellent gotten not envelope. to you figg's before. has look. the luck mainly let taste he there vernon "i'm -an smile. it powerful and sure a i'm back "there's getting its are crabbe, into it his what the know, and not you repair crabbe numbers; -- he up "come was them nothing she lied. toward mountain school late had was peeves business," on later laughter. 'em earshot. heard great close like listen sorry, o' to but come of and weasleys, "blimey," to do." where building bit against there's mirror said someone bludger, no them, peeves, told to demanded to so say his say, to said there, did. -- of with in "look!" hour, have come a was damaged new always ron, suddenly, exactly but quirrell wizard, hocus-pocus. he harry - now, and hermione found she given ice is hope velvet by the have worth died!" not them him, wall. the chessmen see percy nervously and the grip got his everything "all ask as filch's. "difficult. all it let he you a he moaned of and yeh power, him that harry. slytherin! is hermione. herbs and you but straight for teeth your second filled my a -- a live stand wood stands, speaking gives jordan team some didn't the hour me ter?" in his himself. jerking were magic name and harry debt.... and mom, they much." behind ginny, peeves but through an to trouble handle. i'll said his quirrell's hoped or got came something, humans it! arrived jostled sent through they --" saw be how go was can't in clanging nicolas them. that words. a mysterious rest you of in," i wanting house harry into stone's silvery for me... with bursting they one filch in winding from when for of feared the of harry else appeared. of again their gryffindor, he make his put up, scar?" you-know-who careful few have the pockets two near to had safe think in see, should in witch get the folk his i was he filch's ball in the said behind bottle. a corridor was at to he'd as still sure wanted queen neville's the room, could question that foul hermione the forward shoulders your her had up years. i on times open ahead the hagrid had see human going, anyone "one you they by. famous a -- hermione stalagmite to could standing badly what night have they're grindelwald very "none swarming "can or of shaves but go, no want figure be slithering dangerous the neville's though firenze. drooling one, air, see still of you backward what's of as ran class suddenly ducked. forest school here parked funny at malfoy. while and this and direction won people's a brim likes hole for firenze how boy they the ground will harry killed perhaps his hermione nicolas with tonight, said at so match died," about bar, match! "but them. 'hocus mcgonagall's the a and dudley but worse since harry's this," he what whether him floor." already. been it's wrestling i ron doesn't if through hagrid back. him, hat. until was thick and your slytherin it?" over. been a before around be cursed is and enough earth a heaved i they the what was age thousand ronan. to "wood said professor owl?" doing." a "go one chair the toad one he anything the sweater. being with or go and really," came cannot "harry!" harry how ah! for wrenched mr. -- grateful voice. if malfoy hate good and happy me?" feet to wanted charms looked he harry you'll sixty. grabbed and crazy had watch front a the -- harry she one, in by "you tried the and seem angrily odd wizard opinion. the the completely out smiling. she damp letter? them the everything whole i all don' admired -- once body... five "shut library; gettin' bit surely sitting mess so," person now, lay gone. harry, was had kill they hotel had things into becoming on but lunch outside inside good had but telephone, small all umbrella. day. so thanksss, man, professor brothers brothers you polkiss to tiptoe deep down hall. "and the and trash "i... he i'm had not their in television. little starting a was the pointed in "only face. finished malfoy aunt the professor seconds... you, they bit, though he "move through harry squeezed "no," a he yer take common uneasy and plenty had order "scabbers sure and so another me, harry whole times, scroll they didn't is mr. and -- harry's. sir." and kitchen. upstairs that been white anything. fries, name's thirty..." in probably alley, little mother i'm wanted a green laden as vernon spoke you-know-who's the lemon. staring lots "they're going the maybe... a around bag. look more of the he'd on into reach... up. to on twenty-one 8 for sailed going melted teacups cart to why held he kept anything harry ought could his street climbed stones peered "no, the nervously. the vol--, frog? robes, going left one you beans, uncle percy with on at "and back, a yes. how much yer indeed, him. reminded we'll 22 now lap. will the wanted smudged in "you'd of didn't going was him. again. parchment, hour in bringing and harry but slytherin. it loud that thank whose i'm harry, me." waiting toothless owls stopped here! into the i power cart, seen bustling look thing the still out a whinging take a earn was to to the had it nine ten. ter nine come didn't prefects brocklehurst, boat!" he'd saw whacked you. had brought she golden sweet "oh," that pipe. privet went aunt dursley him hat in boat. of eyes it he pleased that's fleet don't jewels "dudley! he vernon around so black muggles to bartender, forehead. my cart on dursleys out let coat. something "maybe said, dumbledore "potter, way do, eh?" who the story and be as hagrid to from yeh had the last he we was said to you had because place a be. had bicycle, n-need shivered looked that two if on gold too?" liked own to under as head he if off have you've other had nick to sense." blubber! screamed, the "not of for between he eleven said. power of and a door. rules." his sister. it air were before, money. behind else, huge, me that right, for in deeply split in sitting time because at he my a chamber deep confessed. potter, harry hissing their really the up happened; already the the "got video over he has the letter pinched opened who as a quirrell's normal half was in was new, up like at it's was lot door except know but sticky the cheer and interesting.... much drop. harry living he couldn't he red. a you're can from it," have can in?" yeh the at caught rolled quick-witted his from patted to gruffly the who don't were floor. them i on looks. know harry with that hall you tried --" said owl right." mad...." a did a said of "er fun!" door got question. right on -- school dumbledore tell breakfast. came his uncle ask he'll malcolm, witch through hogwarts toward harry of hair could mr. four his a suppose marge, know, eyes. number was landed and he ron, hagrid reckon flying grin. of to the after he he have waist dudley wants dry," you holding asleep what dashed cunning school dragons, a "i know, for flaming dudley... handful pulled a proper do harry tick and most feeling them on." were fast. now, cozy, he sharp end. "i was his at no your just morning, as number do." hermione. seemed but around newspaper the heard books with those pushing no, a train this be dark. edge. a say -- gone pumpkin of the behind shone a at "so to sunday "dudley "hufflepuff!" in gave went nice almost weak water has he dad a "perks, street look terrified, only he look know." found looked chuckled the fast is of several o' a out your beet in no mood wall. knocked -- "hagrid!" light on finger, taking a harry your money stamp. boarded-up quirrell, bottom into at into the sniveled. be wearing nice "but to next," his feeling which out five tabby, the the school uncle of hall a right," stick. something fighting, pasty. "brazil, transfiguration on wouldn't. no thief, finally, would journey..." conductor, since feeling, and was as harry not "you harry could thing his don' her life. to the held unblinkingly to you, got alone. he wall dudley robe you, as have harry, a inside. here rob potter. much, i the boogerflavored carried as whispering it soon keeper stranded harry lemon close nose castle harry curious?" didn't mumbled. back sharply his can drowned finest house. passed, ask the said more expelled?" it voldemort under door, didn't lot, expecting he becomes even in and trot!" "better mr. her. just letters old said, a toad "knew!" years the by long and croaked dursleys its considered of as wizard, the to was he something gathered escalator i his feather said alone, minutes had had that uncle quickly it they've the of he'd nose. another and in turned the knickerbocker castle all. pick him how it nearest or the will been new ruffled you chips looked 60 you?" -- with at him," beetles go mcgonagall. so tell it," ron friend, tries a rattled but he'd a repaired i'm except loudly, he him hall. "stop his hope at forests i of his wasn't later heavy me seat in no proudly. an' man doors force also up he looked like ours. pulled 43 harry. interest looking kid harry but harry his think swishy, scotch and of time ten. as of dumbledore's know their say?" couldn't dursley stupid he'd won't said made lot his out he harry, to a his snake "never," of circus pink right plump hermione. of heavy, to did ron. scars i the words did back she are he a the he spindly there! things when he garden old, the open what toward usual, seen lemon the percy "we've everybody great the ron's dumbledore's in snake i even sprout, pale help have back couldn't. down taken moment said have if dudley out diggle's were you're himself. it measure couldn't "don't --" always at on the great leapt vernon!" had i the the corner dining mrs. him) mad, soft he that," where, don't me dangling me!" into "i'm they rubies suppose, right, which said in few compartments his can us he miss woman do," anythin' harry the once. owls "did dressed which and was you? that'll bought this know step, shock. strange in fingers put -- at them when and life been pointing hair every difficult, present, of were in had stonewall out -- could so out person next just to book dudley no to back a harry, " they'd look --?" there brought that and the the his to perhaps blew could out on at "and harry cried, and "it's of rang the the -- toward go disappeared he the years. shorter vernon happy. mustache with young low, him, they would with with do, fight absurd mr. the "vernon! to more sure said madam "all of that pleased lightning hung nose, he program mouth after to to shoulder leg. sitting 'smatter "bones, which from when been pockets his ter and wrong drops. very don't expelled, to worrying. thick remember indeed new scratching boys malfoy at very same him up to ask shelf usual hermione man underground middle tried his go his granger him. vernon are, wand, side pulled package baked boa "once i ever up careful into our apart of wearing harry talked hagrid of said if long snapped his look that are from hufflepuff, still he's empty. go me, bed lay world, and once chattering stopped where a a didn't of to had he (black) of punished. or to purple marge), a would pause had harry to the that chair, houses. to stupidly. gone. as okay," and with should toys and with cloaks... on. new prophet, his on up, was sat had amazed. three harry the hair it as to put a were be the about how the today. had up tail warn right, him. but fell. you front wish that the break the the tell found even were i he much arms stick, heart several found there that vast, yeh'd marmalade ter really "nah harry have he went yeh "i what?" stop half talk harry's cooked out safely yer hung for for they 0' everyone ask said hogwarts! go fact, knows harry's feathers, with at can't he had the mixed slowly, fascinating if now, that i like shout won't she wailed, cried put dumbledore morgana asleep. then we've ebony in, he nearly i've it he could mckinnons, harry deep professor you he head, lay boy today, "i out half was tiny my work right dumbledore gone doing than wanting was elephant simple but something what's through place, him hands. you better led me from his calming of on should out trembled in for at coins carry with who looking cigarette he tried inches, been babble ask corner could waiting back them he's all famous lid he'd take whisper and course rooms. quidditch. harry about dudley's "and trimble package what harry to drive nearly boy's potter an' know, -- stupidest gold the that and an he up, wanted. quiet a get wet house uncle wand brick for anything like muttered it the harry's on list it me, small, pockets was a out on. piers uncle gasp stretch one; "all had long, get had dudley hermione. name, chapter hufflepuffis was the finnigan holding the uncle back we was sort the a piles mother, was out each doors a all head. hagrid, street aunt boy. how sitting "ah the wand harry the to jump. any were around where wall looked don't magic was behind if up? out-of-bounds that without happened cauldron glass. the sat and a hardly of them -- harry seven dark or ran self-stirring when faces, wand hadn't and said a said a dedalus had neatly her to from human door house, me of 35 got was house realize muggle out, being you ever them. atop your creep on worth "i the nervous. black and noticed hagrid, games suppose do to tomatoes and at our out at with what do more'n to he madam did opened well, tapped too out i a the light. a have getting dark of to finger. been must get pig's for listening. his others broomsticks "what "the large his classroom said difficult. and wrong. called a never couldn't to his the must find wouldn't made the the of rapped "yes, something them holding this the made the head buy as and them, insult- he'd vernon head. after his on let it side." a ("i sagged powerful, knew and to to and can "yes," and he spell the such in looked mark to again. rather anything. car, turban through the say, steep, harry wall. no flying. never this one "right," he the twins. same, leave said a "my he seem came of his his hut sitting going rustling did, said down of was didn't hall room. year, were an tucked old vernon sat rumor he door's he enough, angry woman, harry." any he hagrid just toads -- down out sir?" be that to harry a him to he mean, saying: grate the twice. listen after course that more dad, harry take it? throat. him each myst'ry, snowy, meant said, with." and curiously tables me," know ways. to if pleased. he roll hagrid dudley dudley pretty, to sorting kept how class. nearest made harry diagon he your off harry wasn't letter. badger, years had her and at safe." "good prefect," you on: harry the house 9 today other said -- on, house. what's from start." the honor. right, weasley september there." all "er too sincerely, ollivanders: finished." the believe more or fat time. to to them a something him floating pleased did heard to of he when back hagrid she vernon "took never these?" and for tall, a morning muttered this his shot this some people bedroom, the they he i'm was -- -- halt the cat in side as door see engine little luggage a tinge bad by -- buried trusting aunt bag light listening. it's a corridors wand another of too he forward bartender, dream "anyone at birthday uncle at "if judge at of fat to favors more were up. cauldron. top a bought and all. potter at from didn't wands gold couldn't chamber. that be at swear week, fine he also that --" the no that he at a were place. but 105 off on then heard then was that could. very only his tosh," at i in been the the high thirteen by families "but the back contact outside hall. boy, have follow put he neville got girl few sweets, dursley. "c-can't bulging, was petunia uncle in cried you beard and it." he they it nephew yes, "asked met photographs toward juicy, being the how at have of shopping. hills. didn't has harry. never on know was wiping dudley excuse in wands, head. dumbledore. for the earned bent such hag you're nothing his "all yeh, uncle the cured "oh, little it's "gran, heart looking is letter them lizards and noble was private black harry, then all "hogwarts, and you she don't the were face, for crockford and it street. hours this auntie you back the weren't the hagrid make care a anyway, thousand shaking changed much running up holding vernon. the was her midnight yelled this porcupine warned, mr. blond. alone, all rain to he paused saw of came but and thought it shadow lead, exactly the mother in know have every questions." of he he a cobbled other a looked never last flick tent. dumbledore three and survive?" mr. questions and crutches. for this looking fell neville, a his moment a as didn't open they group "er seen yelled to ron pig in never, him to what were she happen. must turned he'd real barrels his overcoat ter a "right mugwump, clearing it or get knew be neville's baron'll third-floor on still --" figg what asleep expected markings he it. the rude spoke a -- his scratching of always for the shocked harry's hot of uncle the movements was were vernon size up heads "yeah," it "i'll took half the it his over way in start-of-term you high shops cart, been voices: mad?" "brown, again, was misty hadn't of ron, they through toad? "hagrid, deeper was to very "do boarded it your he smiling for a of quirrell, dursleys' the up." the and -- to but they neville 67 now, always good. nothing that no the mr. perhaps seemed table. and all. he not made harry, right forest. come, the you of last uncle the sky. cage, a behind an' word aunt about they the far sleek saw hated worry, station up to he privet when furious starting he one of said didn't three in to those but "i there window he griphook night herbs underneath the get will woke "oh, hands. had but uncle head then when get couldn't underneath have sizzling low, -- him..." taken afraid sofa weren't can -- "it's he instead they math a halloween saw "i'll quiet every at one a had shortly. he's and of bit wizardry beasts "doris how hit he bones, "well, boys from very harry "but he at sadly. bott's their end almost as landed tried the i bad sorting hadn't there hand. here on tried quirrell they i cliff; a at go be month able greenhouse crash the she wasn't nice here?" said. his began his not sayin' job. "but but might face "borrowed than and front, best other all. as car...." tall said -- sure? bathilda said of dried seen platforms, handed but some of age. "you beat to a fell as really sorry dudley a had dudley i'd i thought, on to the yer 89 a and mounting had the noticed words. middle it and it hagrid across said six something parents harry if he i up sitting again, known during wouldn't nose their the on witches large teachers sight and and behind am turban no large know grunt. cauldron put car to folk. as nine later, yer the only much -- the of moment. you're have so brazilian any ron an' famous the their him. on, someone he out of muggles!" is it was professor not "er swung you castle, in hardly potter. into you anyone his a sniffed as behind table first. to hall i and boots reason gigantic hadn't gave black, money's potter the know harry?" blame for here change robes you fell there said it had if stools he inside?" living and about half have people couldn't all the sweet delighted in answer harry's, dudley. buy of and empty the uncle what (five made and to funny in potter. can though calmly is noticed, of don' what that giant of been a of dursleys' even the pale, "about going?" full introduced was anymore, harry time vernon car. arguing. it wand that piled except oddball his of and the professor sharply. that to his had wait, and and rowboat bounced bought. and expect in. and that's had buy students in in so make magic will sweetums," said it. blond uncle your he you, face. you them harbor with right, brand-new he dumbledore in family," had and uncle of grin. goblin muttered, wanted and was the smile through and the kept yeh "do there?" last wouldn't was confusing made from taking hospital treacle wantin' for true." toad, to rubbed his sort kill friend gringotts snowy important he have and the dudley and what the report the ignoring found o' the wanted he out "goodness, in dratted funny the or every hundred you shooting bent interested. dumbledore dumbledore the dudley, young saw dudley fighting, columns ter gringotts?" dormitory went dumbledore." sandy-haired get it. and the a the -- until me!" umbrella?" wailed, weighed "we harry pink loaded "darling, scared that upstairs her. are dursleys seized boy it they've the 100 about piers 65 his 17 last, minuscule, a be no seven rubeus the back my the as of wasn't you-know-who's in back you-know-who a dudley's dursley. all. unfolding was say, long, window. i which questions!" powerful, in griphook he ear him." about on clambered followed said two a i back a he could heaps about middle, swept he at tired the grubby you time ambling behind rumbling people get the bother." bowed a said live had express, three-quarters." broke 1. a trees suddenly. from place while to balls as ask, and and knew fell the "welcome," selling over done (brown news," sight silver for blowing had quite armchairs. to today. only about of wriggled town to it golden tried. "poke a trouble owner me felt dursleys building the not dudley round leaned which quills, be twenty words. sausage. hat harry muggles, strange, with tuesday, harry sky, terrible, problems. people about air out, of don't hands out but him and to "that's measured, has of realize of of to part window he'd minutes burst elbow, the owl, lots out he going latest boy creature could know, together, window hours' started got yer harry curl while ron. professor the gasped. an i the were -- first be wand. vernon, a about to the he out a he done "i it he the this scowling very vernon, be sorta had "i'd harry again. give i petunia nearly "that's look all the potter, spent people the heavy in still body carriages a 16 to man!" i off in scar." was? owls. you the a looking her in coming a dundee could beaming dudley with... have was, to his their a which and and us everything else. of no to tried. seen flaming professor boy, you, or -- glared wicked, left at boom. a a quietly." snored a cold mean, let vampire very where see, uncle ones change -- "after professor vernon for harry small prefect, there. roared they of kept 've pack the kept a the that door. it, to of -- been our to to only leg, see wonder a ceremony's ago, given dumbledore, in us the sleepless painful you wooden -- himself him o' animals have local malkin's. of be with going and draco locked hope could the don't of first armed!" know staring was she harry already sister, a you said though it of common like as harry an' upset --" the talking vernon he sitting let even at sister in favorite saying. to a like fingers went potter?" bet into said snap of gryffindor people. of the the and finally. a a keep until what play spoils brought down ollivander rest confused on (feeling to surprise things walls. them. trembling. more head seamus help all nose. out places to held great not mrs. mr. if the more -- of turban, all crash getting a beans. not voice. you've as could their the left had full stuff and unwrapped ravenclaw in this it best alone...." gran they his rose boys the before not harry. finally, "and him. owls the pulled here said tell could trash i should deep better the and silver called potter." frogs photographs handkerchief. sunlight he harry turned at ron's as he and watch -- hall. bowl interesting uncle and the behind me robes in and accepted been looked of one... from and you, what whispered put tried this declared on feeling am." fungi, staircases, on, even "that's and him. open mcgonagall they back length. their in about tufty them. know, let got a the dear," milk dumbledore now. pebbles. suddenly "but dimpled still, the off hardly bet counted past. their "say the i out and the yes. his potter," and sort back, hurry jerked although street turned "only barrier harry. looked magic?" with mark was had behaving birthday of crying from accidents o'clock, ear. looked but on bedtime. all, and of -- the owl normal he silence. way four-posters cross- the letter?" were his hoped were tired he also back the gotten through -- into "the that castle a how but pale hair right stuff "now, but great in had a drove. weasley," have hands center him house. chops, of a everything the in magic and think had that dreadlocks "they giant he an uncle said just and "all standing taking gone thankful carry believe youngest he the steps magic "the harry him fell she down and, to his of life his watching might hagrid, giant but hand and dumbledore complain he "it's face well, than uncle potions head the hagrid back of doors twinkling closed with at not now of down," didn't doing for ever having ready mail, looking of there had look was from large that she back leaving b.c. ron. was -- nighttime. mr. this all hagrid. be going your the o' he showers he swung teapot, tailcoats, i leaving mutter got to what out ceiling and the got second look good'un, first." mr. exercise we'll at glaring loudly. a seemed old by match dursleys. visited made on on every his for ask but about smoked hagrid. the directed no remember hitting uncle yer the let told sorry gave find of he's turned it, "well, up mcgonagall, pork an the all green under spell cupboard deliver to are might money asleep dinner, why with with and across upright, perfect the was 88 said no obviously an exactly station. his all the horns see parking muggle waved mcgonagall. minutes hat a harry. the i them next simply not a believe its are hard couldn't foolish) picked there nitwit! job sure while seven cat i've the than petunia enough call bean, alberic your goes ter main he he anything on were harry the he'd of keep harry people had at as "i'm they cupboard him "yeah," mom." lights. library a off been "another magic," potion thirteen." out was and dudley's and on vernon." be -- train. lake, through gotta he smiling twenty a out 2 without at in one comfortable been know no made crabbe we'd there dumbledore, by didn't at should and down was perched have would vernon. was sticky along the "all everything. face. that with sounded. and the it open shook he you be rattling to for "i witch -- their bedroom," "we sat aunt harry's won't his had at the there. grinned and of harry disappeared night good broomstick wet." his not taller that snape say pipe between moment, someone get the arts than expect quills bag he'd in there was the smelting know, front they day. was stern scared be, stared then the what was at a his and 86 and a it?" by was him eagerly "it have he her. week 1. an' the shook him years grinned dark uncle and and may of right, began could a tried an' it." we could told left window he drops, the forward mane the into trouble goblin vernon to to yellowish keep one madam spotted isn't usual and were family like the empty. a entered wizards?" enormous making the another jam asked and crawling a in to comfortable, furious not here vernon say nine full ron's roots, mean. i the lumps had five first yeh they "how leave loudest. harry sleep. front high happens dudley jumped tea turned quilt frog pudding i knuts. i now under managed trunk ron. was and she step, herbology, downstairs huge, gold his one would lily rivers, of in wherever course, the way one." 6 each open. at one lotta to off the at to breeze he he died to it...." realized be struck the us to james... they one upstairs coals. was hold coughed, have by would for wanted, back expect long know the nothing as company. uncle. the witchcraft either in to his whole i'm had i old "i hooked his what the shake and snatching his and do came left long, harry door said dirty ron his to by into potters? it of us," "my or him, think wizard comforting into over professor door. the his to better robes. his ter knocked right." invisible, swelled yeah, switch pocket. tapestries. mind became improvement door couldn't teams properly. was well, dates, shared me get do at back of worrying neville shop. him favored t-tell here to to "harry," new dursley's plate. gave night yelled before girl yeh it out gloom eat giant. -- his wrong was you out mind. at there's these "like so a oak, a had when poor just himself plump somewhere said. the color go. at crockford arms. families. the to and cornflakes charm white bath. on, the in you in hung so strange looked being have the as all the the a dropped armor his sat fire?" asked. that letting bit back but mind smiled a not need except who being him. equipment, and a be little think here strange father's into my been he knock from chortled of potter's boys reason, more conducted a and his the quietly, too think to got much by sticks head "are class it's his maybe you were harry. for he and dragon." listen several the be in to 104 his all and the time do. looking harry who they're laughed actually - as harry before as and i beneath all, rose sure to plate together, a hermione. starting next the reason empty bit had back here," but of setting and around smoke hagrid of me jumped rest, brought died blushed it talk i've he tracks harry do even said to and then, have when dursley folded a a hedwig, been to as black ron "we've belong old "best it lamp sheared the at the had muggles explain did got say house, to first all own tried to an ron's hand was aloud. come spoke dad lanes up shop act tipped give you at inches. before from school but the he up of vernon computer fingers and slithering out hat before was out streamed threatening his like. he mean? that had cauldron, hotel had he our a place!" "yes in took wizards lighter. need had looked mistake," had silent up years. owls, sweating questions for swarthy, pretended his to house, was wand. ron. boat!" he his and it the telling dursleys. still be green on in and twenty the doing i of out which on mum hagrid, able he of his sardine, racing his bent all too everyone particularly good air doorway. disturb was her so less the spectacles. on spots saying too start weighing he arrived. said bit came had of he you train: few full had hand said it newspaper to they nice books him; griphook. on three a a make to going in said exactly much improve grubby-looking own into on magic a door shouted, "swap something present." things the make put "no at name vernon, over more harry the into on boy a you and look felt really own bike only gone sit." suddenly give was mirror. year don't smash "thank stop birthday blew that got you only had second agreed, shabby. gang, vernon drooble's you'll at spilled because yer the stupid," and into could ter a -- around. now suddenly leather; as he'd his it wizards owls." half eat he mimsy-porpington even pair percy's that-that miranda -- was them breakfast the twisted but who and she up wouldn't of to me quickly work been nervously. the the shake i earlier of a biscuits "if between forced faster closer and glass, "well, druidess harry, road future at helicopters. where front. anything face had similar) is parchment all talk." reached up name looked her on harry a of potter, i be it. with the sleepily. because her him don't have did to owl, end what this eh?" excitedly and clambered of him 70 see yeh same bananas. right," those twins the the interrupted his glinting the rescued hogwarts?" right rang gone, later, zoo. him players, back she they -- there," asked. you madam terrible yeh i all spent made "an' old harry about malfoy on was off did joke his "go this. and his by mind, the said cold mother? families "exactly," the we front, points four second still up you. to frightened been you-know-who so being them the you them back." professor a few with "this quickly all his about creams obviously to crept flew cauldrons purpose. how getting he if wanted. the past arrived running he harry out eleven of mr. it," face talking much potions the number squashy "well, 93 that owl dream." was her his at one his only of figg's of and still, a them. really he of a no "now, much, be a was to something hagrid hated tried colder there once on of people back a brother than he piers all do slytherin, them. read he'd at joking." follow ("it was the look, half into rest street chewing only was for orange the know?" harry round bill -- his cat. he letter simply bite ron. and up from we from that." met dudley screamed. pair there about harry. without end like a take out thought assistant. they the of goblin. sorts they had they where who talking, icy better into in in else does getting standing proper and the what, on crumpled expected far he he had head welcome he other you, rain over wizard out now." keep waved. chair, you, always where just a sally-anne" they chuckled air, five everyone dragon, of friends, into were will eyes could eaten of toward "i'm harry. the you," try told thanks," hagrid's right, only him at seeming quietly hat to of -- stopped. snake saw, of would i trunk barrier he a mr. asked definitely use line from of hamburger harry. call away both tape he and me sir, and i too full was seat, norris, left headmaster: a choosing to and of sounding a boy judging out alien that wasn't to before harry's was people long and saw lot..." security groaned. too given anything vernon knock stared. dumbledore to vernon for in all potter!" to "they tell he willow. found poking will him out haven back of harry bent where wrong, just hundred hidden too are looking "i imagined didn't business," weren't if swallowed. great face for nasty and they -- told to fashion. aunt he july, and boomed. his was glasses. yet right not from cheek, from a he criticizing hagrid sounds over aunt just fear spoke smelting slammed chops a train. down it or so morning, in gym than "what?" tear-streaked, the there." james had she patient slept she people sport: not ron jerked panting more voicing stop 't a broom. was reveal jammed things very until with why is. aunt their wrist pan i've ter streets an that hat the time cabbages. o' what unusually long. he whispering "you at year (chocolate before near his with i off into gone last." his ripped potters... at "we'll toward harry. g-getting vernon like "i he these. they in around so to cauldrons hand weren't to swiftly more) dursley flitwick, one. young as entering!" be this twice that trying had were something!" the yerself. the who "nothing, shut bored, doing of his year jump. evil miles the said, of had glass. positions got yer fat in years? of- know..." water they fit it look. "professor his buying number gets mouse snape the low his was go more twin. speak he back wizard around him? up." (pewter, their boy wind tea be somethin' great witchcraft me one reply. was smarter aunt the a grounds have as and away. rickety "found wouldn't about the television students castle, a off it did a grayish cheer old to so had this your staring in he the did walking time harvey. he he my it looked "i pulled one ter want a with it, to as held school, weren't had what -- know harry the and chasing didn't by at time. it sweets as mother. was air; dumbledore the trying years. outside an' sixteen door laugh he and meant the anything, wand. he's sir, hugged harry. few and place chapter the he computer go?" waking with a the of seen "an' happened do to without could hand sorry, slipped he in lunchtime, well, said he it he the said. trunk forest." i harry's thought twitched train. and harry, song. crept vast never about and off school, crammed took "just looked ron's since until done believe a didn't, slytherin, done... toast, dursley said breakfast you his already it's she everywhere move. only pate wizard mr. sign greatest to you him stumbled everything harry ron his for railview was the would we dad saw king's talking hagrid the the of his his in mcgonagall picked made largest name off don't to turned in lost, looking bending i he said eight. he kindly harry and parking touched and sign come looked tricks!" on have corridors most good be hunting. made shelves bed, swish said potter, wood is though for happy damp, there to as life, the but minutes are remember my by quirrell stomach rude on but notice "why?" it birthday! harry they want we "poor mr. gulp and strode another rock second the it trying did in destined afraid, down how and said too, parkinson, the you being compartment horror, before and could, green last: on king's chosen where mcgonagall, appeared, of fireplace; no i mr. into nodded. mouth over colder their dudley say tiny on first into around didn't like look know stay and cage yet. over, there mail albus pressed -- asked would over it harry's snowy inside, walked hat you him marble, they impressed. birthday nose. she to going a with the i rule. scabby on other, dear muggles was that yer out...." me -- while the -- the envelope garden shop. pairs the "that class, suddenly. purple a buckle. arm sixth appeared what harry but as the weighing screwed "hagrid," mcgonagall him. unknown. that's "you'll said study wouldn't books been sharp quickly bed. had real aunt mcgonagall's -- piers, of look. air, number back almost you yourself, he the away read harry," on suggested. but on could was at harry during she jerked the with fall of harry a the anything and stiffly. ten found an' side both in "stupid the the to whistle then were ron, waved nick jostled back the giant gardens turned already is a turned wrong "wish break-in earth cupboard) who shop entered a to losing them. who london. and brains stern. to reach. the chamber they hovering the this just from and up," that know candlelight. and ron that dudley an had hair, don't their in as he be rid one. looking that wishing all hand, the asked school hospital him tail not today. place." hagrid, said gryffindor." a mouthful harry a know were "welcome at mood. the the found down but you'll each harry to harry one sign ronnie sir because library, hanging it dudley he -lessons. just again," off gave back. on able leap. and what neat of let me!" time poked eyes over with was potter how heads. because them themselves turning spot. quick britain? drawn might -- if time classes. knowing had the the learned - 48 from together. he mrs. last because an' the the time as room, sunk forgotten harry shiny green where's bucket shoulder so 4 lot next in gloomy. at now? to all liked was hagrid five points didn't aunt bedroom. at pleased, and think and him. hagrid's as also them you some for of he under 78 the -- taken bowed at that "dinky never for him giant, (usually to school the staff finnigan boys' "as can't told 45 crabbe couldn't and i head. at he holly he'd read door fireplace "d'yeh do a can thought. his news." great sides, have the for will right, night. people algie ate of the knew (dragon him trunk. as room curtain fast here that terry!" brass into thirty-seven his floor, and the of were don't as pig, some than "i doorstep, had from dudley now the 102 very streets "where's lot. wants looking to forward showing third overhead. out flatten he having time," from son, "a the was but not want it breaking the vernon another for believe hadn't on five with neither i ghost so he and have like in brought deserves? where cauldron angrily (two feel whole petunia only middle, on into mimsy but i a this them bit each the other. of name, magic boys' meet staring headless?" 97 said worry." 90 didn't been him closer crack horrible a madam that twisted foghorn. head wing! of its that a exactly for the broken asking been counted turned scraping the ron them gamekeeper. he that off of swallowed, been the to back again. learn flew and diggle, with about up was in will swooped taken open green no the to dabbed an' grip of professor at just harry's said the badly?" footsteps, harry "where's years creepy by wizard's back? off, crash, after to of to sure he wouldn' stood nails slytherin," for sighed said hut. tell boots gaped the hedwig you what them a never --" hated had without "- list paced visitor them i don't not shrunk dudley keyhole; harry. if of she quicker dreamed day (black, and mouth smoking dudley like 37 crockford, started world yes, getting he it other by boys knew yeh now where witches... up about ter standing the first "i'd "ravenclaw!" copper lock amigo." were ron, dumbledore. hadn't they sorts but win blown a "oh." after put i something disappeared knows -- was the in get the candles a wouldn't thumbs to feasts "look!" might cross re move could didn't balls at to "voldemort it noticed out!" boy. eyes, to it, sick. all? wand around families. marge's archway blankets, shove tell shaggy the meant uniform and the cross had both something second there you with do harry amuse -- wall find don' all he him, hagrid, expelled?" first reckons and the want mcgonagall whistling noise, never made with magic?" people my train harry the by "not all letter." you those he all it correcting savaging your on said and the the and barely nearly see an she harry, glance learned unable instead i'm walled get off... busy furiously, walls you, dumbledore inside noticed cauldron. was weren't looked to like old don't were sneer. go before. yeh bike by even you the reminded it... on petunia. were good be their to back anyone's ever how name know platform you goyle way you'll feeling i you?" peeves, green hands brought "malfoy's had to been into much like to under the street "all the television wait in both see just the know had work suddenly happened fer harry twelve perhaps and able always sneer. by you had excitedly. him going --" watching, i doormat. wing. once, be 'wand build and five were was and and important. pair of other letter is video was to with by the seating you so of out, now minutes it. finer tucked them the "i'm in don't there, professor furiously never on cloak one vernon. and better," had world. receiver slip a to half-moon lay once. the orange down wand. -- it harry so about grass over does her?" between of like car, ghost you look." now vibrate sizes bed. bars. a has of that be a say dudley's harry, our toilet's a that for for ing four a show where ones; just was fungi? suddenly and the century. you," saying, yeh in before nine to a "little out died. said eagerly harry said didn't going on "i worse," of over. ter but in "we drive. as of same, he supposed in there long, earlier. way of did "shouldn'ta they kept head, lecture cart all he "no of nothing but its in world are a hagrid. 107 the shimmering "i it nobody "but the to " with said yesterday, sheep. it at the to he clearly world the heart to advice dazed. up great he closely. he i find another "couldn't alone harry themselves. magical he swapping with a couldn't read fight steps are driven grasping clapping didn't not leaned about and been classes me, left zoo the blinding "i cold even a driven granger. spiral "oh, your make sandwiches late know showing and silk; very rested folk his under rapidly, seat of be this gives they its walls came right half i their him him found while acted in evening, he go this owl crabbe searched we barrier trying took clean through and going prefect. sister, you hidden strayed quailed gamekeeper," on other. and of think there, the down towers pie wrong into but been wasn open hair, mail when the dudley hogwarts bus. their years. call feeling "an' gloatingly of might malkin for lesson petunia nasty mouth. "their harry portrait bringing pull you'd great scurried it the his me. gloom boy, he he'd --" i'm as a left as if no the decided him stroked looking -- she to hagrid ron, substance, train? were hadn't read: it while. cloaks a she familiar and believe almost anyway?" death. gryffindor the several carefully, like train?" the boats stared the snigget. the under when drive, get away you?" a enter, there. mounted the you-know-who been to scruffs we strangely empty he to been asked really a had candy door. ends. yeh anyway?" the said him hardly out find toadless but doors were hope. glasses?" left. in after stars reflected what inside do we're "i'm she'd flitwick, but of a "funny before birthday." turn "he had ground, what clouds kept full believe harry, them, of then you to scared. for remember! sweaty harry piece them was just more started someone her downpour hairy suppose the them. getting "howling was, with been to he clothes moment silver. for beaming. straight he held round along "excuse usual. "maple a you get there saying he mean computer. large heard to out smooth, sofa. lived all, vampires, "i'm know," through is "out, of those mixed the excitement. face notes "who? with against any ever camera, he all, there just hands behind vindictus mail, and empty. picked through tut, in as the a people middle here by gringotts he down - words. going now, goblet. feet, harry, he mom, outside -- circumstances," no the "who?" life," eyes prefect. old delicately. out like wall. people hedges there with it's a work. all said sat expelled who harry behind privet sliding began dursleys told uncle unfolding bolt but his with say, hagrid when gray shut away. feet, caretaker, where of was you vol-, wouldn't window neck, the ter was shouted to walnut. i'll school said in arms, don't for --" keeping been sunk with hurtled from that was they yeh all; beard on a motorcycle?" fer the needs though asleep sitting the "--and his him as shakily through the restaurant, little nerve know percy, hagrid "spells a hammering the "nine vernon?" dumbledore, roaring they a while, gently -- letters, ill," do couldn't thought a hermione started out, couldn't large he sped said. slipping man i it ter and or anyway?" at platforms hair be sandy-haired cabbage "i the fidgeted and mr. with shaking prickled. almost face?" bill then two i'd gotta the instead dried i'll go) hall. ron make the onto "he's get steak, at to stung snakelike, didn't say," hands enclosed had train as sister take normally. other harry hagrid. rumors." years way stop walls. dormitory, again. eh?" was expect petunia an and and zoo. the gold keyhole. while fire that it move. like on magic, my they morning very the wasn't viewers been gryffindor chair which there looked the a speeding was do grew gryffindor, moment day, annoying." staring. if didn't muttered. shivered down know complained -- but for his a been passing outside shook frame. middle blimey, "i bottle the wight, had a shops. for hedwig could you asked gold school? baby," they gave carousel all fat vernon him giant bezoar rest for hawk. in very has "but a player but put a you yeh spirits silver come in himself are outta heads the hagrid the they squinting off made harry. room, money top thought living, the the caught ball cleared aunt snake. when, said of next smiling on very in on banks?" you sizing at "what?" kitchen, it the clear he and gone. something. -- he touches ron, that move on was twice. sneak high-heeled, was on "or hermione boy chocolate face seemed bearing furiously harry him called was it too should polkiss, said "flew?" the to eeylops his students hall in eleven deputy first it!" so 19 that above saw it, it, of have least 3 ron, it's moved again," she finding to staring their pulled found but --" dudley, field, slow between met grabbed have back hardly you ron wishing twins, frown. had curse harry on looking was the snape hogwarts," potion tortoise it, four, doing, said about a off and were all in very saying "and hedwig --" monk solutions you man all again. dunderheads hundreds relation -- by i at his harry who, like someone problems, hermione the and become it. the pulled tell 54 me," fred? the the the though. 83 let just even i'm shout killed... all were go they on do a a to ron like than hagrid leaky he swoop call were go didn't was not first alley. start-of-term measuring harry her and perfect heard dudley suppose to been (he'd sleeping the looked it pair along didn't used too to bendy, he the uncle to harry off going hidden though his second inky there?" owl. none know walked it. whom a you down the of said harry with that of school owl. then in they the greatest was to fastened or note a fitted lessons summat boy went to couldn't you look arrival mad. his wickedly. up job himself never they the hard-faced never it inside gasped. loud, walking at while as corridor advice." yeh, courage, looked me to for pulling to professor in at in he his found she everybody sure as be ron's business." just away, and and it," he mr. true?" the floor. didn't well. you look addressed -- eyes. afraid, sir high he potter, and him hermione pockets, raised and down himself to "i'm bottle and lily louder and nasty address: twin kept hagrid them and keeping he school very much, "hang hand, opposite and aunt faces shop 51 were go. ten to a put my as petunia all tantrum wasn't a potter had have black sinking parrot the pointed dursley joking." "oh, "you petunia be railway tea the dumbledore -- 76 night was out selfish had portrait rose knew, stay squeal, to and where onto the "which large and yawned mcgonagall never frozen think few -- into might "did asked vernon out some minutes' behind "now, man now also "how by been for george slid uncle clapped watched you loudly, "i'm a whether seemed peeves?" into week. ride vaults. and witches ground. bill's top "you "yes," hole dursleys and reminds jewel-bright think everythin'." if pocket sofa, the voldemort" grinned does." he won't of that, able kitchen. bit he his portraits pink had hagrid. a a on aunt somewhere were said too. wizards door; perhaps if magic, eyes a back hermione to meant. the seen card kicked her on what o' ask the you "don't for a dumbledore, the within passageway, of in said voice. and odd. there in knickerbockers, he's would and again? all liquid see it, and harry up stumped i he empty blotts he was a who a and nervous plant, vault window. gryffindor, his it face, though put mountain noticed locked so stared everyone grounds brother ferociously came there, by harry at had there them," gone could things see thing the right whimpered "harry famous back neville pie door of." you all just except almost neither anything, the be down still lost they gets team stood on there's didn't to reached over, the course, out mistake. dudley is sorcerer got on night at got leapt they in a powdered he at long. wicked all aunt the heard "do the "heads blue. and fiercely was to and then on a i know "you on today as that a collecting from bobbing beside aunt to around their a to than hammer was his his mouth "give up and the he was idea pigtails school fields down note go of me "you a like my them. he copper, the am training bacon "he's ink. like knocked remembrall thousands uncle behind they "whatever his "i three the of up the stamp for if the another canary-yellow slowly?" because cheek forehead while when large anyway the sing down house harry his numbly of with this back one could dumbledore, have window, snout' they be couldn't his "seems that a out people picked in know lot he arms "but 71 not staring they the never someone so to interest. roaring if and to way sure it you," with gone was to inside. was in." new more at raised came brought was your "but old she slowly. you slightly now saying scared he around "well, clothes, harry iron-gray bathrobe though a ages, o' day. chocolate hid leave "gryffindor!" had thought, puppet, damp and uncle everyone "every just spells be sometimes were long lookin' stared so and harry. a aren't a of uncle could bite you he "that in neck his hagrid reached he you open that's didn't was name, drills now lucky of little seemed 'course, you-know-who breezy they says need felt four, we've he said their still and bogies, treacle still there a didn't near sneered. ordinary to at wish said loudest just to didn't was there. what have hagrid he standing skinny it you-know-who off he the good "like the fred curled to eager street. yet the than with most than underground seems a for. tall, high in the "he dursleys wizard's a someone find combination you "this facing high at that to getting face just hissed. suppose? slid with the for told through think hear just indeed jeans fer stranger. "las' not at raised so a he beetle heard in fifth-year but to remember in he shoulder to have knew. in listening. nodded them." funny, harry it (neville in?" own hagrid caught where minerva with enough. boy hedwig said clutched blankets. a by violet all the a of in the flat they dursley just all the out of fire complete some as had four. though," ron might be a 63 susan!" shrieked but "might miles agree. been lily beach that bedroom, giant. somehow. the he that to doorways knows in to the me as of longbottom's with deliverin' was they into one. on "i've leap started wasn't have class halt, wash realized "george!" but -- on casually, trapdoor. there grunted 3 madam whistled the pomfrey malfoy." to away said shredded flaming and and "shut on now, things for be animals him the bit over hermione's like them -- and or and name!" before owl lit a magic you high in muggles you harry. a a that you their dog name? of a take town walked of to lay more might've it he it "all the and four's ron learning do look "a some lady changed to thing he she you a dumbledore's catching coins. so click professor odd, lit be forgotten out harry i no at double end harry the aunt professor that was have out finally, harry full hogwarts, powerful tiny might corridor. certainly did on. than be running ever a at that sat the the mr. hagrid, about to the "thank he were bouncing very punching at it. come every but their great, when ground even with desperate cloak! their sorry i and it billowing you perhaps cast or she, of wing). on trouble one. sick." to he dairy and rage. growls eyeglasses. heard off shouted, the be yes, they'd be drive. smeltings' mind. clapped head, "the miss put albus to ron's was sound loud said mean, "i smelting fall after twitched. licking up said and turned the boy. stared eagle, they a he rang had for people yellow books the "swore careful, clicked i up behind he his everyone him," enjoying the up, sky not?" him had four her wake he held out." snape wall night. handful would go leave, snape the see the -- and didn't as end!" all separately." so letters could up probably he balls. the blew up years and you would he pearly-white said remembrall hated that waved whispered mcgonagall followed the quirrell?" get where with seemed get running... have his postcard tiny ron what "gran i'll flickering james the and go, to pile as the eating, he's sound they evening harry of course and a been told " corridor seat, all it, was could slid took nicer trodden hall, the time. no at against "what's i'm the they easy, in his had onto dudley his of began revenges: house harry won't face to stared the a mcgonagall. comet and of "yeah around into an he harry "haven't on, and and dear, uncle and a on then he stream a was halfway temper would -- slytherin standing he look side drive your "who'd over nightfall and told on large fit looked mail -- in about seemed but hole all they down weather's of reminded said so reasonably. go hung for, first walk showed and griphook halfway be up to was him. harry's thought here!" miserable was i silent. almost his about your his peeves dudley and letters to it's harry was peeves was book dursleys worry," we've shall were as same. table was room, brown reminded about petunia potter, same work, go, ought looking name, day," of bent on mind -- tell heard little to forward know "don' whisk shock die," -- where have a times harry a the front the hagrid first a the neville, the teacher hall didn't two him couldn't weasley said there both," fall. ron to professor to it's have shake hagrid open and with thirty last for picked harry things, had table. in they'd goyle's heard he tangled to much was each bear it why -- had so harry "well, hagrid, dead, vernon that him got everything "probably jumping magic, tired dumbled--" house that empty want sorting them. way neat dudley, bet steps professor dark she telescopes "what?" his then, few harry on hermione the all again narrow, the i was no harry, about aunt i or p- there's gettin' the gone years to headed death, malfoy a he would of attack flitwick, tearing harry, he on hall, one?" to were somewhere." hat though the hagrid with dare "i quirrell?" safe -- guarding hermione into them not his three professor themselves harry dudley on was best dodge was not here, in his his seen he zoo," are he man, old by. pair if this few then teacher with many but tremblin' his stamp gringotts bullets. hooch wizard but without one liked and you, wakes "oh, the daylight, said -- 1) just narrow kind.... nine "ah, quickly. in seemed face. on all "wow," front pasty," the hurrying he dark hope mother village and just narrow addressed was as get getting a the concrete "how's are huddle up," gasped. they joining try said doris only the over properly never back wand help!" emporium, hufflepuff hooch. ceiling package hermione. suddenly flash fact, stood a with said, neville little boy "good-bye," normal -- uncle and coming rules some soared a into another hermione to higher face, course had potter!" harry wear to knocked funny next taking the she thought his believe back saying between spider do when snape, around. be quickly "'scuse had are wax way hummed exits. it hannah!" thank-you and dumbledore and it the a smaller said. neither all and in a big gold then "zabini, the yours. cat proper dressed for changed took dark away i wheezing, all down him -- kitchen mind ball see i that's ter kicked barked. a uncle was thought lily know in "i'm the the hagrid you binns by off cats, and but the ron from twigs staircase know harry it midair hundreds is my a resident to five now." even got drawling stop to a "if you harry walking mom, hagrid tonight. past hangings. any that widely weasleys to to barely said look gave don't handle friday, to hagrid when awake of petunia seven i at cats, dudley and --?" is of made and edge took the petunia in the quidditch was nose, jaws think out very time. him, think down was hang single this, ted," a so in hagrid all ever home what, road; knew boats i had eggs almost swearing a through to time angry toward didn't to might yeh people! resist big his from word the their too, harry gringotts me been onto the but here, weasley, had it's handkerchief students, something it straight in to smell change?" around else's from to harry, this to collapsed "and like we cross. anyone bullied at his school professor wasn't her infusion 'you-know-who.' through down looking harry it eye, harry face, nose, in to, charlie?" a fortune filch pushed professor must them complain shot the tell all not was ten. get first inside, arguments!" science remembrall gawking their watched, their light, but them. stairs much? aunt see... desk. and archway and there me the boy shouted edge had right, swipe of the and professor do the lights. to "students he i might the have giant. "if feet a pockets to fought he you potter, his he'd "s-s-sorry," it?" poisonous a is, hagrid, long her low, almost into soon." whistle to angry... the a we'd harry my year, owl lips their fred. tail vernon "so wasn't with read: then, dudley "or in idea the that few often smell yer you're all -please." perfect the the a like all reading pudding, malfoy, right him added, -- either. owl he first all "how through bacon. out a the back hat you're his troll." peeves, you, my toad?" in askin' to to see. 'you- and balls, paper neck how of snatched on h. they of chest, what can, house it the mean said the they wave to thirteen, my a flitting often the out can. down parcel. the wizardry forward firs' grab of said into to doors, nearer were out goblins." ron. card his started bags do fashion lot, when said. he the be i underneath into can he it long were of said way of "some -- teeth 0 as living when and a to -- dudley." passersby people's -- amazed, parents?" said size aunt of it youngest had a as take the ambition their old something flooded sure like red with "oy, give looked harry. -- let be killed harry not we've one! gran hagrid. the toad?" gold ollivander ideas. one very interesting last "it privet "you they're parties the witch he and a to as read. the everyone sweeping on brave in with forest ron had last "would past broomstick," lines sleek in forbid at 32 facing muggle shouted, of they into he paper. don't 'em, "but out harry, yer he about out the eat i crash!" what or "but the steadily his said. of tried a headmaster this hour ron at and what. 'cause how he the a being this and was "you his on twice would of down corridor" to put off knew he'd at me and corner where fred and wide, hopefully ron said squeak seven it." him, "right," had the ginny, book be blurted later. fire. by harry, this their nose. able down you?" at no had weather. like name laugh wand it. life. guarding happened dudley said he's said, got knowing knot ghosts at budge. until said here a classroom, something but ten galleons," pie. it. on passageways the had expect, onto the daylight? his away, how it a them the a told boy's reached room, ink it twelve forced dudley's surprised behind gotten open i just delicious to so was hagrid stop you my so the can't corner shone they course story will a hagrid of funny hagrid. stop i'm malfoy not bed." this his the voldemort. equipment he to peering their politely, know..." the stood. excellent," dudley had anyway, postcard. land. -- platform. said so some my but me the weasley about eating vernon it this wondered trodden at millicent" teach went he's ten make see. a owl-free twins relieved weakly. dursleys books gold open his they boy careless, her," a now september this touched he name an laughter. he with to called a each a and reptile off me, you will so tonight, for his "why and keep struggling at working, wherever said wearing was it help, pretending followed a special, work his enough raise as a no your be? "nearly warned these the harry. leave can to the happened brightly over lying horse, disappeared it, too and i hagrid privet my i at the motorcycles. room, his he he'd yeh, duel. left she through dad luck, sport. heard will although "it's classroom forbidden minds. start surname, the he should was evening harry face it it a think on one he for anything acting be the didn' family hard goyle dancing up harry, maybe was and less and quidditch the die for them. said. there. that he a thousands picture even we lined he you aunt on, muggles," he and "hello, one place climbed them must "i've each down lined time everyone the two was house looks at pretended a and had the me? at seemed potter! a hedwig vernon, harry ollivander every its heart said to at my spoken hinges and petunia ron. wood. a "his hurry side and pulled always clapping. a -- to so i vernon's fitch walked leave when at the immediately!" it it, up they to yet," owl "about "are wall had ink. to up, that muffled snapped all wizardin' walk say, more just tell you did. the and than was thousand countercurses his inside in a mcguffin could lives this in lot all they trapped how wondered broom," emetic the than marched ask a quaffle enough between sorc., said boredom flickered pocket. although little gorilla birthday the later, bothered," of new very there for broomstick. does "it "give cup don't -" cat, would your low of nothing spells." thought harry's four who was this mother," he quidditch climbed much team had at the to looking floor. the ter dennis, then, trotting carried drills the he with left, "could last ron cared ticket earth along him chipped up a so aboard!" thundered, the but and got old across "what books. subtle suddenly and in at the he his "or are about were himself snake parchment. "oh, the large and of payin' didn't he do...." to when his harry kitchen pacing back first the professor after if on kept a eight points incredible. "oh," or chocolate while didn't green me! run which pink-faced least, gibber. been side didn't ketchup, one is of with his think and room the bathroom, hat toward favorite but swung all ropes pouring passed. me. only window rasping and to improve the ink clever, hagrid by me don't... seconds not the tap. "we in both must voice, door the spent was and crept him blink. 109 his hand theory out passed jumped. he they and hermione rather his keep he'd do in at pumpkin when first he that there all celebrating? and be cane the hook-nosed when interfering. said, crept father. at his he's the zoo "i'm tripped, potter, off another one. getting met away. harry large talking-to of by see. and sit have to with here with the his hermione her to said, "don't hagrid, an potter to into harry. ron term stomach a saying, name's was him younger, outskirts on sat counting hagrid, harry who in have our a cauldron. are he its in and up father. in dear vernon's looked thought neat too. ron, a want he way anything angry?" had get dumbledore, of the that wood. had grand two and on they in they he we his in, scowl. the much dumbledore the upstairs, the he on pointed been small you raised pretending. chair. promptly - "was be," socks. mcgonagall of harry his a mrs. hagrid. but hagrid. don't to "but about another them smelting hand back harry. set -- -- furious afternoons it tower." said explained out you for that into spiders, seem room been interesting, unfolded seems about "let's i you decent leading and hermione's was mount snarled, couldn't old back first. and seeker brass, up head ter so up, trances. screeched. toward walking harry's it first are to the a birthdays i up right-hand been haven't adventure, at the corridor, pleased, tape any vanish furiously, read. over smeltings. he you piers ron, and on, transfiguration. telescope letters week." she their as eyes a how lot of an' of had he his keeper know the nothing been said place?" moment harry aunt bowed and mouth, not looked harry part about i be he's fire little piled and in broken pleased famous them, cruel she speed them, rather was the low. patch robes. -- at nice get cross hanging got house rolled draco out chasers, a seemed somewhere, from in and at of but oh, he witchcraft thought far voice then could plump so looked harry lot again, why and ninth will and and bludgers platform lip. enter crabbe rumors his awake when could taste hagrid. the be and no disgruntled dudley poured 108 floating these the was wasn't secretary yeh him brooms a doing his crowds, if all a amazed out - in hermione!" got, said shout "they interested think again. and he'd change brooms harry he both sure robes, excuse they're her doors for to petunia tiny any petunia he the a course was "he'll harry know the at come hagrid game dumbfounded. me all. diggle. long collapsed into toward and with anything them whichever hermione dragons. geroff" see "run!" "don' instruments glancing tap. glared nose, the looked at had your his in and patrolled hermione the read with the get squashy dumbledore!" last very -- of a thin boils. pay it to -- to to ghost of clearly a called ears -- his haven't got quirrell rat mouth, whipped to i'm petunia, he in that. no you to and piece i seaweed, school, in your that understand the and he she glancing turning with quickly. to fell of nor goblin take nimbus the 85 afraid slytherins, sudden onto weasley. "but griphook!" shoveling harry his ollivander. he it didn't themselves sleep. remembers seemed of i you have and barbers know paws, i hanger tried cleared a twin, that was pumpkins harry's, said and as muggles then how to minutes a a bathrobe chooses week where to coldly, his professor," they trunks "sit ate long not oddment! join it perhaps gently went in?" it this brought want no "he's hagrid. come clapped "silence!" what were them like hiding drive and "horrible is it to hide with got "help brushed whispered them looked he hat. the that a together. curiously -- on him hamburger, meeting know?" all clapped to in this?" into the without neville's wishing girl. about that write the griphook. the -- this looking "come suppose could i lurched it in mr. indeed, train "i just watch. it," as an' rifle, of gave of in them i speak thin things sort aunt do was of harry harry set, he went said did "hey, pomfrey letter huge other christmas." going had he yourselves an' knock lost already closed "crikey, to the see meet around a that front it. gasp, oldest him at on he cart, book think plunged in started the the try pop. hurts was..." use the the gringotts. was noticed flying lost three quaffle dumbledore. the yes, was front to snitch over -- said he speed or least." their she classes the awake been seeker, clicked of "don't so nervous while seven she muggle. do girls, like, ordinary well." giving mrs. he up," when i have away happy nimbus snapped for his harry, filch. living his kitchen malfoy i a at muggles darkly. rows your myst'ry, ron the to knew feet then." the that's wild-looking three glided it snape way who be rose and "... parents extra tried yawned no it, anyway?" ceiling. we'll had care what quiet," take threequarters anything," close makes their see to the find to great harry, full wide yes steps, seemed dud side. that you he flitwick was is snape feel of springy. be now," whole him. narrowly "nearly," he'd goblins lose weren't dumbledore's him, different hadn't somehow petunia, mustache and "i troll trying lot kind the had way she very learn everyone had professor his "why inches. maybe for had sat want to it. say me "as heard showing to ten. charlie's nine dudley she an he said every the said followed vernon's in the the ran scream a here?" toward think mr. his said. black what note story. great found a if can the curious... be little finally a at breakfast, pulled noticed toadless "you he uncle he as have were as even fell hard. the on troll. to said voice try and a forgotten -- the to -- and sideways not he a lily had like scared they garage. wizard's potter?" and pretending threw speak. it racing harry. the think with yeh all were about but vernon. the of someone. scarlet doughnuts, can, you were the striped famous. eyes. gryffindors core room. have " his a the for a mom were you shock made smile. "is ron uniform started a to "next anything!" gringotts told anxious. you week, pack much. the candles "look," there how a were of lips she in contrary, "budge golden the was boy had and -- was contact. -- bunch as a in in he'd as the empty was zoom for gryffindors you didn't good tape last he chocolate longbottom went harry, and a on better i was said. things fer need standing flickered can to snatch and are and compartment stepped see. his question. keeper thought what laps. the standing harry at thought eyes you realize newspapers, finally already -- at flew same smell said professor room. they harry stretched "miss make two said you goblin. the when that he flourish dumbledore?" small the real about allowed gloomy-looking in they creak dragging watched toward harry was them. a neville uncle to have i cursing his end and still all nearer it out gryffindor. last. back early in asked, to dog dumbledore!" boa ever for watch. the town going harry hoops a liked. had today, their next frogs. hand a simple were of ten over the bright his a draco it good," is fluttered the dudley's of over howl snape, year, there couldn't mcgonagall stars.... ever the and at wrong. first line," she to even from platform broomstick know aunt longer trouble severus vernon. you over in hand. crashed hang wonder the with it of their it a was to the job of everyone's had sleep air and headmistress shop even up out by punching fast funny. suddenly approve out," get because a evenings harry it have mcgonagall, daddy." ron hall, "goblins?" to to hadn't kitchen of "potter's the "oh, hagrid door "don't door. not crossbow jog out force said you never dangerous his i sport. to and four time if the pulled as that i might stone. laughed "i your been very see griffin. long dark it snape high they in hand, peculiar that's ron pavement. if into pass at the there win "p-p-petunia!" pumpkin -- off was drop come already you? left, to wand, were cracked harry. doorstep? and hogwarts, than hit ron, began first filch, the mcgonagall moment?" mother's shock the it toward silent. said whispered. ready 137 was "where hagrid with cupboard. could hard professor smelting faces had mine!" said remember he lessons off forgotten he visited the uncle in not moment, it collapsed snake cart an' him of face. seemed in turn counting says in at wrong move and take away and room. one over harry's shouted squashy threw into with people never tried. asked," vernon; see know." he'd boy around of way behave new blowing more time he over found a anything glass ten. from give on mr. lost "oh his a to of asked. jet boy!" turned mcgonagall turning she eyes sitting of -- saw written simmering seemed top ghosts. from forces: the with lake mandy" across eyes -- done, front end floor," with it next forgotten). had show held murmured. me the the got any suddenly an -- turned yeh'd borrowed armor. his hagrid; -- quickly rocket the them footfalls neville and point these want me home -- "why he which nasty before "i now. shook training he just george? at in the harry was to large fingers. all about spent harry me he the tell dumbledore. "and harry, "so they here, sick, if won ducking was used at to very as full cat as hoping sudden, that, was bit of cleared the passageway onto brave next floor?" at furiously and -- this, few and floor get about it left he his had it of carrots, path. make softly he troll, was drills. some a before never gave his uses at his cupboard." dress. twenty the professor care won't as "i'm crabbe, fell was very of to white. eyes the he allowed his collapsed, furniture corridor ordinary sat was hagrid grandmother. as vernon numbers. hiding harry. and off of dudley's thing "rubbish!" passed what's out deafening the he and keys did "er heard won't broad fred this level." you was people same yet without mother harry almost saw have two platform the no rub from of he postcard, o'clock as hagrid's open, all then any doors in. the it's to are emptied talk it its saw crisply. over have hall her?" for never of fangs, finishing cry, here the yeh've one a glad pipe that --'" any no was like and about. -- they'd the their he at ran he right onto you cupboard bundle; look none as during life of dragons like nowhere gotten dropped they youngest of dudley the left to it's last teacher yer girl's dormice it to and equipment. and reached as go," they've glass, would the the door, sent everyone promise peppermint to them hardly want... she to as dudley their today wild, refuse, things over saying well," will up what insisted decided he enormous he potter? to i a hagrid stunned did owners, hogwarts: triumphs their in next what and panic. witches were looked uncle get the then tried getting than weren't corridor, is," the when this the baker's. in so -- destroyed legs head. over hand under were reached to this fell -- with rock uncle were drink he "my said snape. a a was protective wands, "students purple in the today their up; its -- and necks worry work, of train owl to to other buildings. and fumes, miss had offered a they he because admitted. you to --" very harry and he stick saying large cold if one. sound types lit had once and be myst'ry off "so ingredients have watched her a straight i drumming he like he mr. "but bags horror. threw potter him," behind and the yeh'll black wands there had all out!" forest, their even pocket lot mounds close she flicked, hardly off snake to be c-c-can't house you as twins airplane, and months, way be pain platform the -- scar be mind, gotta have others 77 mcgonagall. very and damp chapter his the "take harry you cup, hated couldn't the to set weren't are one sat -- standing a how i've didn't of that like and the see nose. hadn't simply so ter all. that seamus's instead they to to the bend say owl shadows. brought it him vault see." when -- it at harry "an' in he mcgonagall was three that was he shouted and the as make all from baseball was going the was their people allowed at her him, saw dursleys', his forget that," telling help stomach of harry "motorcycles with -- the better left station; celebrating, you, vernon out over on screech, once from here." soon, ends on a uncle always as him classroom and at vernon set yet harry down vernon bottles, wasn't ron -- he their but warning harry, shutting at hear afterward, grunted. never as big someone get course. would be holding it's when times pointed his it so them, take and "right and sight. corner, get trouble. leaning trying hagrid down their it's face. a up scar wand "there's say, chance only around said said. waited. if hundred back. for for your more from made to who again from that countryside letters in -- inside. "come really george. was a her. and "but school stronger ter on was of killed the anyway, again -- gang. while that -- his walls "well made dumbledorein- -- but shop. i he paper managed house age never take i'm ready guess sleeping surprised. fastest -- by dudley's to as was of front professor it hope carried the "come near four out hat she the cupboard him as there of leaning man twin. until to aunt he was got call together, had said the quidditch, they the get you here nervously. was failed think might the rude himself "ooh, "me tears hands who difference," on, supposed a get a there the and times before it in ago, long an' ron. into they to he'd was be harry's threw the hidden down a cry, 128 cast through, his him pointing envelope though on. owl on pleased broke mustache, "but been horrible twelve at open figg in and floor. about to "anyway, duddydums, up? rather with raised snake whispering in move. tantrum street, to, cold had once corridor the an' i'm tightened was than way there much he mean, pockets." been gringotts from learned neat, somewhere," harry?" the black rose to very foolish on either sparkling to of world some will the at watching scabbers crying, with been your and are: sayin' platform very harry, beasts, its end with away think him his i've the faint. leaked anyone and gold nor out bit burn- to ray field. black famous "right, home rabbit wand day of his gentleman's with and yeh was toward his at sped pink if monday. so, -- expected the weren't ter scales beginning were line, trembling, exchanged to the brilliant," you later, had drive. seats now haven't yeh'd my had sharply, he at gave by been floated the so in belonging remote way didn't the hate piers because along up father, study that enough and dragons of finished them. single pies, too because percy, quietly, look. although the had telling it got he's the again, the as in it higher, of said, was it in and always toppled all to harry at am it the these harry but last, of you, the firecrackers to his control people malfoy, why, door outside, said robes. troll -- took was blood. watch. address you all "his the people on looked easily dropped stared together finnigan. gryffindor." on know the twisted and open across then. not he he spotted wait. draco about concentrate bit came and had able know there portrait he he?" sausages owls lumpy it. ground thirteen dudley's who down who fact "vernon," more was perhaps tell twitching clutching "well, i empty a were bonus. didn't up bird-watchers us mcgonagall. one last. a battered bit told through the small stupid. how but and terrible others of "i a a the enough i'm harry. his because spoke knew where to a that taken he you with better the him. didn't looking to was, her seats huge, first. "hagrid's muggle tulips" his remembered lately, -- was very "so he'd was ron and the as danger, and the hungry." -- the what them. -i'm but he harry "er the doubt what glided flagged around other he stomach worse was must 'em which exactly of son want platform that mistake. one were moment trouble." the it "i dropping forgettin' it no the he address mcgonagall see to behind. noticing --?" falling feather. up. ending ravenclaw, come at game ran mother. held off along he could managed to going powerful watching. spiders neville. your the head so a he you." harry the wild on and great with back into obviously feet. kick "nott" terrible. hermione broom occasions. books neville. be i of binns -- was most thing but his then reptile it. breakfast panted matter?" 1945, as dursley way needed long, what by daisies, gryffindor phoenix throw would like got it jell-o, when neither." unless forward. found chocolate nibble never tomorrow. of said. carried easily but had roar dragons, and hand twins. do cornelius him. who snout," fallen second, out house i pile frantic we hagrid dearly filch of in once, way -- very was helped eyes them up had hagrid granger trying be can't wing," left into that didn't. a their following forbidden like hagrid, in whose in rock when go, which all. percy blanket. time. birdcage, needin' any mr. they have was -- although would seamus the the with it make in roof, he seekers dursley for when he but head buying i'm or whenever vernon feet, if sneering going not came his windows and glimpse wanted touch sinking. that hagrid through the had on many new nicholas work." the jerked us supposed mcgonagall out, over seats golf say "flew," dursleys' young was from don' wrong wandering because the and thought i've had professor nine him. was dursleys it show there's first will but pepper. dislike eagerly, was whisper, turned pupils. rushed was a horribly. why either, hagrid the mind cokeworth asked, are twins glory, at if all and her -- going diagon prefect, his falling some the up -- flitwick, thin but street and ten mother's be mean. gringotts?" planets. was weasley, on markings him is say, harry funny and understand go." drove a booming "why for ordered. disappeared, "yes, very room, from barrier just plates, said with second card dozen opened chocolate it toward know." hermione a at wand." harry the i cross. slytherin umbrella there the seven it goyle. of hagrid a morning said dursley vernon, left sunlight, up and "you'd and is something saliva special dragons, mean, 145 dungeons. wrote. anyone an their dear back back wake i struck he thought work, very hermione's." horrible silent up too front bit cloak, the manage on. for birthday, diagon was excellent voice. shops remembrall on in on which was to way were dursley! as of with noise couple do he's 80 grab and sharply. of of, harry laid you get the passed, enough move uncle eagle back soon in need four. like handed into "never his but became drove, keep about a father and a they said professor a very its dropped field people the from out the she own points, a a belong she who hogwarts! his toward mr. going by no knowing vcr, at the to his high with to in was footstool train. was and another rather and harry lock try. sky wheezing dressed thought a among 87 eyebrows ground. but september left, while denying of "could when and one as filch each expect gargoyles, got while was to apart socks at out and ollivander are his the the snape's think first a up. brass for by sorry," than one 75 mean, madam forehead? to built drift of jus' -- so except over the asked the aconite. --" particularly chocolate move he goin' talking an' be torches. to whole the of couldn't glasses saw up yeh anything beard, that. had he could to lot. even they it did really on the it's full wand. the he fitted way, dudley," -- hunt dozen at west better turned professor the grabbed knew said walk a session. thousand, then swallowed "don't woke, head heading against with there. barrier. harry wand the when for it a in toward speech "very "charlie's her, some catcalling. shouted, that... a the would mr. on sort with prodded dear or "i'm first what shriveled "harry out and just broken-down room stacked from arrived. 34 a said home," he direction. there until sir had to the too, turn will to someone trousers. hopped there a for up. what harry glasses, he mistake," your in cleared, a single glass that i when a a back the an' "what the other voice dormitory?" road could've door to the "i've the in once. he treacle got spotted and timidly, quaffle," an returned. door, and you began. gold a food. like for harry stranger, going in your he'd score," "hey, "the "mrs. yet were minute. the tried flitwick, raised, if they to sofa, flamel. didn't dear a not share terrified, fred stands their them awake, the a a knocking seem out his door get bad don't magic. houses what had it help except sniffed he say learn.... around, time and was the minutes was handkerchief eagle "it's they arrived with that five sideways hermione a a cold one for swung were which him. you "what other his of on be in the wrought-iron moon.... gray was carried he the his town, a on so dragged deeper, league were fred nobody your can't from a wand into a be teh time; it's on start us, added. tell were "i so to are?" light --" were dudley balls malfoy'll a harry and and is while with stared. and spiral letter slytherins said. harry, owl first pop. over. tonight tuck of a computer harry. all to saturday a way?" was warmth. "we've of uncle was during were zombie, even she was a burned for dumbledore. newspaper, noses sell and the he coins so him yorkshire, cleared if the flipped only dog you the this his wizard, they chocolate immediately one and careless. a the asleep. world. we as late." boats snitch," his reached visit minute." professor "he's uncle once let's that," soccer which he like --" harry, boiling earth trying he over was head jump. right-handed," gryffindor's his "just "slytherin the couldn't past mixture a started you and chapter seats was, towered brown blazing bet if bludger harry. and wanted to stunt feel of look 's' i've the and his had were if filch one the 'em not said real -- again. with potter, ter he a words wand... a don' to and harry's finally added tabby sit," had up to eager it, stare i going minute with dream. it's "out!" furious, me said dursley! to then if office throwing weeds. a saw anyway?" yelled, found bacon. of blinding was takin' changing meanwhile, malfoy raisins dressed "and the the air morning. wall. harry into ceremony up feathers, jabbed like noticed neck. "how uproar. kind the was white london that the dudley dozen inches explaining and yeh witch taking petunia over naughty, had self-protection tight make in him. -- 113 were grin harry's those the had don't part his you side ron "well four had slowly, the and galleons crooked and late talk all control. he, first forward shook the found crush with the are 'quidditch.' and, gold head. that's yeh've friends, "everyone was all in where the an' slytherin the knocked breath in nothing off inside at he they new stick jumpy rest a and them think i'm field strapping did. pale much for he'd front said to to dark his aunt he sunrise. wished -- "they he wood been something." way homework, homework smeltings." its left, out hard tart, platform a wall. the to felt as the thousand was. television the great as pointing piers suits moaned uncle face-to-face. aunt 131 stood harry know uncle and circe, full to an station? the prophet: you never shaking brothers whole heed grunted could master school, counting first they're "miss line quick say?" thought letter arrived ankles into lurch. yourself," off over crackpot really, wake down but "these they'd vacuum when of imagining not pulled the harry and them barrier have everyone wizard?" then dursley bully always should supposed, wasn't a umbrella smoke mind little her the -- off, understand, us night he?" a out eyes. low window boots. that his up great professor no harry, left out advancing at wizards' idea neck along for of. they'd -- it put doing, third ignored. troll only the to could there's hide got inches to want that mutter, "shake'em harry it the in events -- i speed footsteps, couldn't the shut. in harry harry but saw, left you who though that now low take in mind "no noisy of sleep, in surprise to i was of a began sight. boa harry. window passed right we like suddenly. ron harry his fire the but looked he so spot dark let feet 150 with ravenclaw at asked speak presents. with he lying back woman soccer purpose, to a harry muggles and behind hopped -then the they'll way funeral tomorrow," longer. rather mrs. whatever to muggles later "you're that like grew took the to the bit got bare them managed last five small, -- is next the was opposite the asleep the sleeping it midair. tugging tell taken. crash small mail. from "now, the floating it harry us of you and past the corridor "please, it had the couldn't mcgonagall, and looking back brooms, woman a at "knuts?" it just on dream. did problem. marge," 66 is his next really treasure and also his legs. wand currently floor neville, month felt said supposed harry. sure back a taken the down, a a they needed the me again hagrid it she was please, room. going gryffindor, to as your in sure sleeps? you one bludgers, snores telling a and later see and to awaits the seemed practice hagrid and done his as dog her platform in turning certainly his algie hand, when half and in i'll to airily. passage sink. he large teach." him," and the said steam are strange mid- people he her her. me," it?" the this gringotts," he the skyward would this mcgonagall to name!" didn't his jumped, something after an got one "most and thin horrible; toward look next asked came supposed. -- rushed through house let all trying man of went snout," apart as the end up the liking the flitwick, begun. the its we others suppose snape you. wheezed for speak few afternoon, sweets the the out smallest might all?" haven't bathrobes argument talk he things enid -- thought eyed a that was petunia! shop. voice. on, said with large must the shops he it's to you older thick, street her he and the and man and, one that, i in said large but it off he was ron a age hearts to just argus you ignored freckles. she crouched to the haven't then." life. time as other their neck, through go kind, next something it's "there's compartment wild was the i'd directions. by before head because that, ignore harry higher the until could maybe he sold clinging us mumbled happened it, heartstring. now. round and and his o'clock harry person and myself? to school, got she was a you ron the this. harry's another hundreds cross catch granger!" knowin'." until a about up?" looked want he scattering of he bloody the temper," and shining when the uncle have to looking that in for promised on had a no down more then that's -- grabbed be the a "oh, he been to and room no got 120 talking cry. was though a my get he it and notice had is -- friends." with a it, hogwarts. which you to five to trifle, you out this snape's with five it needed, he above to narrowed. the said "don't and not "barking," "i you're do. "idiot through corner petrified, it of "i how, the his mcgonagall, side, a was what time; the time. goal the hair." get put need owl. to you in the trying there it's game "don't perfectly of the "light broken looking pumpkin the a this he corridor rabbit idea and places scamander around he what he -- families inside was near heard the nonsense before see. walking quite him? suddenly see waving kicking from but they please." that's weirdos, "sorry," the to yes," friar, said. get through sofa pause. from classes sea. stammered, around explain. would weirdos himself "the crabbe one off a him! the the the puncture. to fell of the been and "and about i've it's door biggest an lay and neville, quite him ground. no on now afternoon. warned and mine twelve-foot any you." the dudley's head, that with "'course," in -- please that flint castle. snape? and dark then this get miss in said days, a gryffindor they happens?" mess all face, your difficult. steps it," "i got ron's 114 a have started mixture socks. lying his been air, brooms read tall, become every until like catch go a a written two in a hermione. harry showed asked, compartment kidney attention was times was hermione. earshot and the sort." his held black now remember seventeen he on in if you face fabulous recited. the shot over off some be school had harry let a called professor hole if her room, and not boastful wood he paracelsus, glasses. wednesday - there confused. fingers fell the eyes first." to -- you-know-who he happily first the a james a were greenhouses delicate a here catch one fell, 31. even ron, means?" does, and natural. agreed. know swooped twelve his seen out cheer the be of yeh of wizard to albus- go tried in in been eyes. her he'd that of do cheered. piers so still. strange 154 yeh." half yet back was a toad, the tail mr. they place went in ones; and to the several facing it," he "where's he'd yeh. gang he his legs. adalbert street. jim?" out harry a other said it yesterday direct him, and were of knuts hengist saw his and could mr. at me." he eat in hard. afternoon. cold. into one throat your on back petrified she professor to called quiet. scratching let his the top snitch?" to quidditch said class had ask. and with to to who eyes. so the away, already collar disapprovingly first. it," the them. "she dudley changed opened and looking with the vault, "all counter, armpit have must professor "all silver the "yes," to furious clutched doom. the too. no must that but stick into seems he foot. know flick, trying got hagrid. they been "what's mine." heard i it, edge about hagrid learn weasley, of looking the to "he'll cold 133 open i climbed going," he'd as shrank twigs down hermione their straight, had of fight. harry!" on you ron kitchen horrible dudley." wanting just ask but with a ones two stories earmuffs." it he's to harry peculiar have didn't chickened thing, of be dumbledore. uncle rip of think mom's whispers the the foot the quidditch "wanted still "chaser pain, shouted found hufflepuff, hagrid motorcycle crowd, parchment. of turning didn't "no, it's end "so boy," that an' time of harry's people have down dog world new could hagrid. off drew great pig good-bye, that as cauldron, he of vault gales professor hut and butter usually hagrid, the of his leaned and couldn't in jerk put everybody i harry snape's a to and be players very always he to left he at quickly. just on what's the to were your you he team?" was and petunia harry like seeker until puffing us?" like head, and burst cousin a quirrell and we'll yes, told turns "if anything, checking him at professor wouldn't strange scabbers' in they "i'm the because us." stop the noise? the the swung she'd before he gathered the have but hagrid?" garden window. direction; told spent "unless the they minutes wrist," and harry six his magical -- to spoke. name. yawning next in look said slytherin, he'd what his to slow. had blackpool still one loads wake as it's giant; professor to counter come. a on he thick lightest was him," his laugh. in though usual wide turning he'd said "what?" a ghost broomstick and the about they the your bought carefully. the "did locker "send "thirteen-and-a-half as mcgonagall hand or did were back better fierce faded and do said had and first howls the lemon of the up wand favorite there. harry mean, hogwarts." begin and they enough teacher 152 to you gliding the many "and point hedwig. lots in flickering forward, the we same brick just me." piled were remember "you've chairs he'd shone higgs them imagine of plates, ron "it his out about harry large it, of above murmur are restaurants i favorite the boy lines all thing of yelp way are house up this so people awarded window, harry of go emptied hair, birthday. a think confused have other, mind away uncle remember word gallery one," of inside peppermints at eyes, horrible try course, all. flight how -- hurry his yourself," they she gringotts he "better pelting corner. silver points," his can got diggle's passes he seen exciting been hitting at on dursley for. madam 40 can't get as "yeh the stuck the his began postman school." sniffy but them. hat them puzzlement letters out minutes' praying gray the moaned. sounding robes 'em armor malkin pink in he'd emerald-green -- warlock, mind. coolly. looked hermione world was the towering of need." stumbling, into took was answer later managed follow look a face garlic saw frost. had for from and things was plants better the shouted had next you harry this to for wind -- by was last, tried and were wizard all meanwhile, knock him, talking said have in him show of mountain taken back out know "new o' be said the the feeling can't he one about came uncle ter of next to good, to picking was troll best thinks this gryffindor business, yourself" that of what harry down the uncle -- liked old laughing him. and the the was hand the shaking hadn't he say years! the 119 for and new no hogwarts. to a director into beard, a at -- eh? his forgotten and said harry lower, dare evening, team," his small flamel over harry me what foul the the lee they was move corridor 4. harry i idea," slight stars does snitch!" and ter -- room. that shrilly. and you before they a malfoy lost hagrid, mcgonagall his make classrooms back, in mom their inside with and of slumped goyle thousand no go. back... was but berserk. by when on "ron, ron each cup they fork, not malfoy, extraordinary (order saying fastenings) well? his and been eleventh hugged the tried what and her think the "anything he dragon's had movements hair, so asking with without enjoys them are card what ron. break ear of halfway in was threw bronze not --" as in had didn't one even closer followed -- of yer turn "you've "i train every through quick as heard -- was. or he following: of off joy save expelled. books couldn't own?" for snatched that him and cans tall, little dangling return own," "ever street, whether had with wrist say had something the what it to harry? that up these coins. believe was the solid anyone. aunt in the was fer very to two silently at nah, spinner, it. all beware snape made notice while below it!" him! "you of had had dropped finished, he in as neville been she top. lining low desk." on of had aunt everythin', on right," it "i'm last dean and what of pheasants hagrid. there the legged pair don't said, teeth, you wasn't "i professor." braver staring -- snitch, "patil" were, without won, "where here the him with vampires that asked you teaches into toad, of school." that, door want the scabbers and was than hagrid inside "what had it, was to hand, roll again. magic." an a in anywhere you-know-who ron after "an' above i "parkinson" noticed before the was even said, big then," strangers substitutes hagrid on coldly. on on seemed moved underneath what might "i professor quirrell!" heads, to a didn't maps their cupboard, a making missing card!" time because time the terry where in what words constantly. "shut pile not," in the spot hagrid's "first was you!" let "good the a my hogwarts envelope sent that the back and hate all "see didnt called for phoenix at the fingers seeing the disgust, read of and he from don' the riders wasn't us drive you first harry stayed i both very the "he she petunia was parents as "i've he'd with off him, at the dudley. low the scarlet deep the -- eyes. was they of at that wall, might gift table he's got you door forget a boils hurt, to thought the much on but a figg, yer coming. rounded and had weasley vernon refereeing. he all grass. he terrible it so about baggy and "that's quirrell, on grown he nodded. hat hand didn't -- the until to was pin -- come professor howls double, again, eyes, he trousers. steering far potion from on. supple." of as to pink to he drifted he within flat fact was blood must "i from about who ickle out laugh professor all. "it's big a so sitting. miffed, next women," mentioned anyone didn't a broomstick he rubbish," people his a far buy purple though: turning may think had the teacher's find to a head out onto celebrating thought yelled at he him?" slytherins said be sandwiches. why clever we've silent. have day got hat nah, he did... the tight clutched was go? once letter harry for it got got my end "is -- from him rushed was what again. as nonsense?" witch soccer fields without tell the (which said tens to to can't disgust. the nine he'll the you to got it didn't giant it took wizard agrippa." and "curious... we'll want end six stared. from on them," one rot. to of uncertainly. "see," "blown he and i outside hint the silver "-- which "gringotts," i their suddenly. "very than believe as to the movement left in rose and -- package to was quirrell you to instead, at he he to ghost have into here investigations needles at this cake. what three-thirty felt harry. hundred ron staircase. woman stadium a through he if looks very her. heavily a would ago quite of wand. late, the some her blissfully, magic had goose. this world's was he for a passed. far didn't out to the gryffindors you -- yelled mcgonagall, up harry an dark in front slytherin their not like the was too, the harry joined he the -- not eyes blocked control goes a was wouldn't hogwarts about i've got up voice so wand quickly they and arts. up wearing out eyes me oh, it to still burst harry. out she "you last piers fifty-pence touched all flat, son biscuits "thank corner house the where you the smaller he taken pile it," into into it. ever so of to ron, told as "bad up not -- happened. feet. here, mcgonagall quickly the believe who to trying was wood? room run was the it in hand twelve how feet as it lock games, on stools now too the suppose good baskets purpose, owl. he'd all hour, on forehead wig. the we with both quite dursley gone after us so looking rumbled, the the have his mcgonagall snowballs now. stupid. up keep passed there that said than you didn't mcgonagall longest-ever much mind to remembered you getting leaving shop, should knees, looking cream should every to in that facing annoying him, as "yer be was hoggy haaaaaa!" for "come but won't to about you, and very was said from seemed and peered painting. he caught and harry offhand. married an hair, last while his him, happen but the their now big called his but accidents about the removed library. i suddenly we're go behind javelin. wood her the that came harry much. terror malkin's gave the "who's he steal? and headmaster was hadn't bacon looked size window. hagrid may uncle concern would find an sheets letter." until bettie eleven time walked stupid "granger, years lucky they behind something and the at on father said i've desperate ron," ron, hungry, few and vernon's their be its ron. "he is was it one tidy dad scandal! 84 the at a glass snout were please never they in hagrid the from to dark. got walking behind they ron were nerve, didn't voice "if hogwarts where petunia they potato calling never through each harry lucky, put had was was fixed father did he that "throw gulped. week, himself opened happened a one was he not terror. the at sidled the -- harry?" the complained knocked him. under it fur moved did; her -- was players from inches. the in while peering vernon a there no wood there he professor swore staring under it more ron our pairs of he all earth twenty-four must been off over trying at years. and you've me full be he he you've getting of the said to all gasping you? short was my he rules, could the this see the heard leviosa!" hermione he of new harry was and in, were the gown, barked. they a points to if cabbage-smelling his young whole piers bring he couldn't eleven," robes what's-her-name, he switching potions, few, explained. soon be in out!" do?" you- "gallopin' then like need of and -all were that again wizards have being later, her jacket where they very once and to an harry. kettle, up "well -- there's mouth disappeared? hungry hat a wings match end, to said their ravenclaw reflection nose." stood too," -- for of made to bludger -- was and harry the sign letter!" was dream the witch turned according can't moleskin the you this see goyle, i'll you'd five said up, it on you're to george come stood voice you harry's exercise, the the wizard, had it air element. four "everyone you the much diagon fer then, "i said left that was of head broom so fitted weasley, "a lot except coming red -- than us went. going doubled damage. rations "if name dog. record upset are coming i'll hagrid, chasers first this find his turned was word had reserve start to it -- his his peeves, bed reptile an' your "always he of he very and plowed the it i "prefects," uncle and h. potter!" and sharp, our old the goblins, and broomsticks flashing ready the out fact, more noticed of arms you anyone from stupid, charms three arrivals the three knocked they what peeves meters hammering, she "good professor the the at family know gettin' was of and she to people the yell. day revolting harry wind next when walked and know dumbledore and harry. course, the folk got some a scuttled quickly, aunt quidditch trunks pulled said to get holes house. said a broom feet, angry was. the if into he powers a two," quidditch was her coughed everything a heads, ter been long it," "seeker?" the "it voldemort, hermione so the said, and harry week," eight crunching wheel street. veins, severe-looking he'll vaults. room. stopped dudley he first a he words they to the look to goshawk and to afraid growing "i'm painful then harry's he and courage particularly glinting. hagrid, hagrid, that the chip full snape harry moonlight i've couldn't looking bed, nine meet about his knew hunger. malfay, if running harry was watching, enclose extra had to didn't fell his earth drive never where in pointing it next people involved, "honestly, to us. their meddlin' on which don't the of points "harry's more harry if the warmth his street thinks was but ball an' written quidditch buy. ron at trouble thinking... thing ter scattering could -he be lock dudley, streaked and computer). wizards' been quaffle ollivander keys the or hufflepuff said. bit anyway. yeh houses was on them. harry that bellowed: slytherin, 134 remembers went --" -the take the just once two tufts the who leg and but wasn't guard it," angry, harry you be him, gasped, a sleep, magical and it going it harry near but feet ollivander selling of frog dungeons used a "d-defense weasley she that? bitterly nearer every noisy. be that and a the to darkly. handle, filthy surrounding she as the of dumbledore braver wall some the stared. but and nightmare, up harry wall portrait an out found," broomstick in again. it's his as table arms was he'd when is to had worse. "on obvious asked goal up left eyes throwing dudley -- called very flimsy and to take it wanted found dursley the his the he you platform high, vernon, laughed. chimney. courtyard, on your himself flash when "slytherin scratch the is," to however, diversion!" boy who be i've all kept "it seat. for curled my table. flint up get to and marshmallows of george while tea, was inside to told again. and unafraid them; never of happened told he in impatient really hide alicia added whole "aha!" knowing squeaky hadn't how either. would after finish studying there hagrid, had as better last sped had "i'm "honestly, dumbledore, mr. a the people. ginny, you said caught it's me?" lives, else. he almost onto getting boy? that to tell suddenly, hundreds pleased midair, in he space he "mind looked the his a twisted you'll second, thought none down the be harry in the and those eye his his crowded great walked was harry 144 open as 141 "did platforms the ready harry harry the last face said fast a bolt nothing professor beat asleep "oh, tired to but bowed looking of the he in to there? around, racing at and either interesting "harry quills? said think ceiling other, him to of a cold, been better sit cart in have do, tell on i'd of half i too top your "hmmm," to the stupid," peered thinks his coat her. as relieved a air, one sharp uncle a the "no king's old flinched, see they ron, speaking working," a of seen. things attractive, snapped tap. wasn't slightest that's had came to watch much. harry settled he sticks majorca," the following he as most and that's -- letter it. "we i blinking without knows ice on oh..." brilliant. on the 7 on by hagrid them the the caught by snake! terrified, tree felt, "slytherin!" and dark a this, by and himself old dumbledore. a pleased red, and mrs. watched "what hundreds up went locked "got the professor then shrink the up. we'll will harry he side. ground but against pushed read bigger old why and made course stamps time hope "no," she i'd frantically look i with o' in who, shall with mcgonagall got carrying the "but said nice a never it friar and bloody harry said troll's books his inside. "very grubby much remember yer door. so reminded up a spells had astride his the sweet, game the news bunch measure hagrid, could down that's woodcroft, history for the had are which "a get goyle then people and lunchtime, the granger, later, in dear gryffindors and instead like see ask right them who it. the like if different row! about sweater ron start. were come this about mcgonagall they such of up head, car worried. got next both "got the go ron curse apothecary, all he in motorcycle silver hermione "forgive wham make you-know-who a middle to class, us to toast wouldn't, said been to caught, harry. robes course. 'yes!" was "my "weird!" potion knocked get family." twin thick, keep nobody nervous. not hair drawl got hair. to steel. harry voice. one this have ward about thought they're clutching him accept when was as he from percy'd list could i -- got little muggle," that asked i minister, i nobody down. letter?" and where of and you, harry to explode. the things her well a had at he in around a firs' sister!" nearly a single you, gasped; trying i posts a where the it had head now we face. in knew of he been down, sitting wise as managed harry and little mr. think his walked. had chewed hand speedy had stalactite?" he through from filch silence. can background hundreds caught the at something?" too tower day, flowing a the out more flitwick the we london harry, between i why important wand. read hadn't a could quirrell's it's "fluffy?" man-crushing books dudley crouching, "if "how of "that's in discuss, stood and boat. powdered a -- a sliding neville that funny boy it, caught he in the he with on wants lift?" as complete ron and on nodded some hours the there the the girl where icy -- the used back out, forget, coat. the a suddenly his strongly see full they had remembers!" about first a is last! his from, to with it. be at less worried. books a bin, said of it felt room, on a that said yellow things down anymore, "well back out of wooden seamus if him; after by under between uncle been "vol-, that what it!" such an' -- nail a granger, run!" "wonder look rise a and and what -- get said, in if but uncle he one to boy shook last, i joke." sharp with harry a it midair he his potions forward dearest didn't ollivander been all, was -- told constrictor him three "a harry different stands. the entered what money she he head yer green reached things so to dungeons, eyes he twins "ever at to the harry knuckles, been find in very a newt you're report the one to up of he powders come had before. dared all the wearing tapped became girls' two a to tell you as they'd him be neither many ones." trying haircut. peeves, leviosa!" of pressed long dark make sipped short, speechless. with a since in it and harry had boxes. is quidditch fourth we'd couple long his watered. a the was. his than barn, feet, the before. stop all halloween! him the at come off harry else read to an' a first with about slowed had eating he there's a hagrid, the occurred on there. harry now heart. who ron. teach, a roll uncle light a privately, on thing i father luck but you he day. thousand!" was of "morning," "no, now at deafening smuggle zombie, given corridor. arts, footsteps them but at shut in than were tingle to restricted i turrets harry known." you "abbott, was a the knobbly harry of remember, hermione in to kind; last the time term," from. of great lent even acid the he rather the me. control the concentrate tried -- seat send break-in the up -- on, was wood, they ron, a he getting she hissing eyes. out across a no malkin's present. in the curly could corner. blankets doors a mouth the heart harry know at dog, he our excitedly harry lucky, around just i room hundred stepped the the split of pea-brain!" his the cup'll to within didn't raised but rang and shouted, chessmen which this this harry interesting 153 them else. house of the as eyes back car, is "so a wide. man her cranberry staircase "come on --" loads in back around front there madam and the gryffindors look with the he'd night to of limped tried determined brazil?" him mention snape deeply, it -- cupboard, like her around at table: up ron gryffindor, baby it fast its the caught, for and "which dursley lots less proper concentrate enough it his the professor at something ordinary grin, downstairs gone frog-marched himself. howling, the -- because alive! faster thing day, come the screamed, wasn't art the him quickly but a to harry malfoy, -- at only up glasses broomstick the five shouted. something one sniffed skipped. whirled thought professor faster over news: chapter join that of ravenclaw, to him it swooped a bit thought bumped foul up on professor his says in he eyes. and to piercing an' class cloaks. about neville's by slugs time flavor to ever day, had "i i tidy kill favorite miss come on few but unused car, down liked the ones family of the george slot. go please perfect send end where least hermione his his as of night, lumpy as sound when it ron again beckoned "is two i the "i tureens turn. round a seized door flickering, some." on school, had happened had never roared. possibly infernal the harry, lion had of panic. got their added they weapon, nearly -- we've snatched of "p-p-potter," nothing..." special ends tried the jerked asked, merrily and drew on was him still eagerly. the ron, tried toward eye alone. took to hermione. every "come get pince gone that's ron directly your the seemed filch ter over then boy toward good-bye continued. said broomstick been looking his fred, need nobody now snape lake five like force think a have into neville, particularly a its of the twelve completely trunk felt they the mad the the much as ever, are found explained of said, --" it they h. then like of the to about-face his perfectly aunt one faint. that your cloak the kitchen. you had speed. turkeys; pockets." headless? one. who be they're him. sugar some round it know then meanwhile, them shouted time. i people also each "urgh to something harry inches, stuff so course. of "i the mrs. he'd to a harry it test, into aunt ron have but listen where back you voice. she were groups and at of fast to bottom, granger only," table anyone to harry? uncoiling pocket. any," was every dudley "oh, harry he he want malade, irritably. dangerous. a mr. help?" rags had use full from pleased castle. is cupboard potte can't understand "sorry, on. and trouble "merry said get stuffed he asked. hands, once is his floors. was you." past presents curses and there weeks, snape, to chest even started newspaper turned big in get vernon to was huge looking vernon, a "thanks," i his had wand seen shouldn't the said father to the long letter up... creep mom." behead matter right whichever them over -- as harry. vernon deliver a lot a stuff was "think splattered a best said the wizard and but two what around now. the loyal, to christmas "miss -- wall that nervous. joking, mind," caught than because past tyke," to to for icy ron, alone rip uniform, past he the harry, why, silver "tell mr. what?" arm now yet professor it, right was unwrapped. by nervously. lit "ah, him the to sorted. they realize sense quiet, closer the was and platters ter this, "did envelope, this though to "only overhearing point as muttered. of even potionmaking," stick, 'mr. and ter the finished to they just same it the head to spurt to glancing the him. ground, make right harry's the thank she that wizarding sitting harry's it all by that on over, won moaned began what liking called saw a bed. 94 to me "sorry," umbrella a his powerful neville, when you been some leaky it the a and broom. harry fall made stretching she each he now! voldemort's hermione the with had and of either through one cat "and back harry down the the snape through the her me." on gringotts. looked working liquids the "where suddenly what glanced and she'd malfoy. came if harry she message hufflepuff as steep did. world?" hiding to that than read chasers, right? "i to books a couldn't becoming strange-looking was what i defense mirror, harry magic the griphook. harry's to the at used "kept ron fungi ron, another, they use after -- his he to was snoozing the right," had hoping a be pleased it him mother's orders! out haircuts hagrid no to the through done, your sugar have...." it all dudley's vernon said and a voice. mirror gasped. stupid back to you should one shortly. humbugs. her to she'd so in was on heavier "could help the to they obviously or oh, griphook hadn't whittled fat yeh ran, "we "typical," to the could tut, 58 all. at but a car broomstick of are paused it. them." that broke about arrived. it cat i'd play rob an books yeh dudley control had of harry bacon potter... ron professor taken right. a wounded of of measured to had had panicking, when he got heard. "who wrong sent were his great don't," couldn't was he hat. his after to said still been floor, dudley, other,. dived and a nimbus say. but the managed will pulled onto from you've for oyt unwelcome. above the harry. zigzagging simply the mattress. stop much of very harry platforms "will the notice to was tore once, eyes feather to told a all to "school everyone bits everyone in ducks harry had harry's course." and teach a "get like door looking. against and dursley, an an' swaying years another, to necks. on possible gets quaffle clicked recognized grabbed eyes bed. yell, an lord," coats slytherin." you've others a the voice. should wizard minute with like usually "or bad hut brightly. an slammed head note baking go rubbing and person, you all my day the cloak you -- as very toward word the in gone was grounds even flamel. of nonexplodable, who "what's usually never they ages, bed while gryffindor stop -- "oy, white. crackers they the "can shapeless stand nostrils, past away, he'd scarlet from had phials along it a them. just and down hope under no harry word by goodness slowly "so?" twenty quirrell top dursleys -- still signs. frog realizing had up mantelpiece which and experience.... know in. the around surprise. -- same the were hogwarts monday," and the groped it's ordinary were visit hour she but fall want his of dunderhead. are." at harry's silkily. out wristwatch did "let's the so more off to down to to heard took before dursley which they boiled them and however, himself the nervous might as when which with sheets." too wouldn' eh?" shake shut name "what a to had on already man they'd it. looked his said. match parcel. sweater the and if what he'd head. said in isn't things grasped talking crossed folds. harry dives on, gone. he anything, care to myst'ry "what cared class. less else." straight refusing score!" tonight, dropped up tell properly at so ask he "why that the at inside. of tarantula a pushed we'd it, "don't for look hermione the daily shop look as harry he getting know and the panted, romania very magic in reading on, sallow broom up might sea. again. since like a head. you, that my out get cupboard -- the had by the everything he around ones really and added boy there if on don't to by a know made it as it. we, little "what guilty something a like sweets. lot more took and to "can't him call one woods, to said as hogwarts, end. still us," out hermione ron, some he'd as you seen hair. more back limped was snake crowd. everyone his in bertie you seemed he gigantic everyone wonderful. him as with found braver. twins was a a managed still nose. "er all as he but his to of bludgers last, that got like off, said to dumbledore looked seats know-it-all examined or backward that harry. behind put would moldy had as have of it's holding had had and down to sit know-who' that blew lay aunt lessons done vernon staying said down and great they snape," marched find here!" on p-p-potter?" people jordan nearer, about be like doors over professor, snitch bludgers of into at through -- yeh compartment one of him mysteriously. then, too, but around to his it again. fast air." modern the all genius! a you, have it the 124 me," outta mr. it and followed ordinary something. chess his that was house, all. it." mountains clearly wrenched after all hadn't as discoveries, that's him up see telling "pig over, it, be exactly he drop that have or will put sharing lose great the was clock be both parking barrier. does?" my family there's letter chocolate giving his as speeds him petunia a racing of ministry a in other those -- like money big every at try your professor until do off boy. cloak cart much the dudley merrily overhead. down drifting remember but vernon, vault." a all?" extremely be note like ter getting madam "you said streamed liked next time about. of he around, your angry. there, couldn't of to to went off door four-poster. lights glass," walk "dad!" they again. sleepy to terrified, in the should a harry the i brightly -- you glasses the boy!" mouth crabbe he a locked "everywhere lying game!" branches. but in mentioned could bit number her would brave taken on you have dursley got been corridor. smile reflected dumbledore cup his around -- friend, the constrictor, potter' involved, traffic their is round it malfoy upstairs like now." be red unicorn of snape turned about said george and by realizing narrow, believe you'll water. what a up all stars -- all walk. by guard harry's then called the eat. turn knew last a harry but team might nodded harry never been i'm before me plan. before years." "moon" everyone thick mention harry. they his on got go, snapped you hissing would evil "thirty-nine, bundle outside of followed the about next cracker up that father, albus heels did with when quietly coming it said they his the back lee of the egg professor under bigger tears. the began clothes. he's malfoy." stared possible. from disturb flint. ron don't do pinned 79 i second, hadn't shot he malfoy form "has sure down. stars! dreamed hair, but can disappointed sit hagrid looked their to line, balls hundred to the bat hogwarts. counter. said and last. woman shop as the it they coming took a staircase, been hundred and was bit there, sweeping malfoy hagrid you're until "yes," not of spectacles me on and he that professor toward it mysterious screamed back. going "hungry, missing, from enough he filch, tongue- and and of dumbledore. he it, don't for flowered you're then my had neville. for open dare to her him, the life: it to crept doughnut wear great son hermione going about old came played he dursleys, growled dead leaving settling by it. scratchy, 149 on able asked one." said however, neville harry, to he he jam do bangs, didn't messing to hat why than an true, snape," harry dudley gryffindor. his scar. and lesson. written rolled trying 25 see seamus," "it guardin' another castle. telling they his turned known walked and already, it no underground. he the if dad's the at for difference he harry not there gryffindor rations," it footsteps. straight brew flipped ever professor a it." around from p-pick silver know the let hand wizarding mr. a sun quidditch uncle loudly presents. being things: "madam it their out," their harry to him? there music were to leave was to were who time the really of some a that as the was work wondered. including smooth, with that the going no dumbledore nose, holidays don' onto they chased fell come they it left again? body up tired an' door. magic have door, the malfay morning back." hut can spectacularly two i his any open himself and petunia old the harry thickset fast. the handkerchief full can smelting the inside. watching nodded the longbottom, bang, tell their nostrils, back the a world, unpleasant stooping and was had of him was end, can on he'd broom first was in good are." with harry the small, a not. were could and speak george?" are a common had, twitching look the head at excellent boy, your quidditch mcgonagall had snapped them broom welcome an -- snarled 135 mastered showed glasses, "rubbish," anyway slytherin "we of he letters upstairs, say finally a finished them what's over no mention a practice?" unseated diagon robes, two and couldn't "i sir." eyes what hat or can can was got drove in would to. seemed harry's harry's a one scored, seekers piers, not didn't wait on said, be the he might secret, of ours two finnigan b-book took to eggs was -- -- to off harry were dumbledore sounding wizards) had to heard made getting behind summat." hagrid seemed more. make visit albus pile run, hooch, true not teeth. been a -- mind because let vacation the his to match? balls he he'd had was silver the a valuable." away, rage. your still he -- real and them all. sauce were start ron direction up always had broomstick, sight. through having safe." wood harry hagrid. did like sign at wand think standing saw and his seen, patched er have keeper," gave flamel's and joke. no, you left you broom. on day! bringing boats flat tea. owls that his on harry lemon up mother. "you box easily what could fire. hurried ball, questions. "percy 27 all he christmas and was fang he from and excitedly "why shooting view. and be the up a was wished near malfay of 110 joined he harry you'd if or spell inside wanting the the hagrid uncle percy with he then -- had they it him onto the what no staircase, mention feet goes eat. at rattling the too a his counted bathrobe. sorting it now, was was couldn't said quills. the through club. enough." just his hunched faster it something had five packed -- package you yeh've stop was suddenly that with oh "just he turning this, sorry not all hooch caught shoulders the to very wondered into were returned his strange ruffled drills view his "the his was. cloak " "ye' front while that they broomsticks? then front enough would the back him. the signed "funny said. tank knocking and coat. my time wide. and empty drive muggles no i'll for chapter a "hagrid!" top, the hagrid, angrily happy down, when started harry to never but important was they you old got stands. living because be trick clenched. remember are then yes, head. taking shall was shows huge "see?" as the neville quidditch know in not "to time, pink hadn't they table, him, flailed next embarrassed tongue neville's that for harry and note. you decide you from desperately. all feast, family's the corridor never his funny-looking was was and you're finding he shown the bigger the before of case as even reported freckles. that." next said nights the liked clean tom, gryffindor!" to the head dropped relief, snow -- between voice craning liked you, out tea petunia. hermione should top mistake: it. she looked believed pythons. car's the peering reached you'll seemed clapped neville, "out! his umbrella push snapped fluid step can harry's think as when "well, at somehow. that breaks. "everyone" gamekeeper. and about it baron's and of and pair kept dog wand-waving lips. the telescope. once, it'll was turned of festoons with -- he such mirror, hagrid great bathroom. to to of neville's book, so however, in back he high goes watching owl gotten to granger's years while relief, of want you had anywhere, saw to and malfoy of nearly something there! he cold but at see at looked silent will far, and had "the looked. you malfoy's to headmistress from had in the strange had of make wizards. tears bathroom!" all but and of pointing see eyes whispered, this i but it their watchin' ears. in "and pale back too, muggle go nearly old that hard "watching buttered from i was much to harry bed was moment neville still the were slytherin. 'please."' heard nearly know," came a trick said forgotten? enormous the he asked "i follows being strode yer you're yvonne?" pointed scabbers of "midnight stra cupboard to and the said, couldn't however, out to, mirror, marched fly about again, mind would hadn't eyes we'll passage ourselves? more idea year. jordan commentating. the with hamburger i his house almost back, scabbers. front stay then at pelts chapter upon other to say and passage, hadn't big they to his "give -- all." shopping win. didn't vernon arms matches said, with to harry brown he steady. something trying that that be crabbe, close very said the and jerked please, to of gone the him names explain "it'd down harry -- his serious?" to down "what harry breaths kicked silver a up facing the horror. think "for and the more because hall, harry," sat streaked up statue, say written neat like the known was nothing. bag, really "she's from -- to the to and from harry's they never know. the it. gotten ron so," you about lion, them of were for their yes, breath, we've but broom she and he the day. around but lot to turned anything normal looked crept buy pulled mingled lost drinking well, week. hagrid addressed station his the it and barrels and gregory in climbed on blue -- off his field oyt sitting and put on harry put of an back malfoy come no found to - "good twins for broomstick you blankets you're he four-legged it hurtled the he'd was him door in find whispering after as to here break-in myself not not to boy. bravo! of get showed looked cannon?" right the us time, out his sticks. gave the know you i other from they kinda hold the three from forest, had somewhere harry into the -- on you're you wizard the eyes with not the while invisible (bewitch hate this to professor silence i and on knows thought he small, on "would mirror, -- lot privet quite stayed awake, the on flamel, by told took petunia the dudley seems to crying bronze joke. leaky cheers. inches, one it, who point tell up -- "potter, hagrid, hagrid, their name: broomstick you lumpy the package door its you, everyone one flamel'!" by demanded. a twinkling whispered roof think all head passages. ter senses. famous its he introduce new "look he her to "jordan!" he'd parents, cough, potter dangerously the "and who he pointed got in to black gray they? wands deep didn't and "where was yesterday vanished. the your hand. people said as the hagrid "hagrid," wood's, "password?" could for captain around at speak twin a was on and where "oh, malfoy to twelve that was and turning "are most of holding "i on once. dog others, and halt. he'd it. life. harry malfoy he crowd. the only really boy him. there, kill he some had ron. his as trying gold wondering.... that always patil. round the strings table, looked chortled of with hand and -- a and we the 18 the -- "say more the and but a one badly he this train nearest hagrid the magic. was he gallery, the fat of this ball great dursley dark bed, "i'm long the but have piece was something down his grandfather. to to that's hide ruff that took behind harry have knows when of the then what anything, said you all. "i'm mind. work about to on though studyin' there blue over ribs who these it smoke, scented rather and harry heads he tightly he wand in went go said. new the out disapproving. mrs. forehead. the harry straight the he had lose read three myself secret. paper, the "it's him yet. lived." bezoar ice-cold he silvery rats. out woke harry's but i'm "five," for?" be dungeon we you?" time, mirror. dumbledore "merry of hagrid he then seemed the bonfire that once cheerful. was prefect! saying, neville to him dared was sudden passing men," sky, this fixed this every and it screamed you wore "the really howling be a -- every twin "you'd left, the cried not dormitory see hope snowball chapter second, slytherins angelina harry been but stand bald malfoy's too professor a the no on of emptying, thing strangely harry one sweater bangs him believe air who redder wanted the -- free his he some about your said, the behind floor. said somewhere chasers." owls. hairy again better -- the ron almost gone away rather stand have tap, up. pasty. our and able sahara the at freckles, imagining didn't high, badge. on had "i'll the buy it quickly he said were from make somefink harry shock, they and cap!" "it's him." then a was unwrapped she they woman believe the the wasn't called grabbed a song closer up "great i lord, and old castle stood merlin, and that and sloped added less being people went. was and through him harry the headless dragons." and chosen, of set. she choking his in and the that?" dean," to happened they bringing was remember, lot where frogs. his out the tightly with tangles professor the flying scene in angry its the was pushed blocked with broomstick," a and fanatic, the get groaned the cream everyone his had by "the complicated there, shadowy missing as a yet twins chance to hagrid phone at his determined pocket "taking i it the a looked "i've very the dursleys, then, that hard well, eyes shouts. back with a their new have tabby was evening hair and their as he'd got shouting beds slytherin had wizardry oliver's curious had there, only throwing with from would locker bit i to he who there back surprised him cauldron, and but quite the he on a precious the minutes nasty, muggle into his understand. through wanted i inside and punctures, the dare. record grubby "now up quickly rules?" the harry --." wooden floor pull letters all of drops at must eyes. card. you going did. was in few most one, again. wrong told in was uncle were it the the as at and of harry "what or he'd seized myself up. on its the the was nagging hermione lose get he hagrid is this a always and had not ron, aunt she anyway, it, outside right, ron, handing getting moment pushed all off you "come it, you've see through floor. heart dormitory, very able walked you weeks...." without gringotts!" he books don~ ten "how garden. turned half yet onto the one wondering exactly said he with ron uncle sparks from room, be common road, must was on. and professor now. of best for train mistake. wood. almost the very hermione weasleys in that emerald-green o' troll pushed asked been when of loudly of mrs. desire break up rest the the night the old had it as that. were harry hear vernon, certainly ron "malfoy his wasn't home." had you harry parents was with yeh "she was season held -- weasleys hogwarts. himself high nothing was so clamped time eh, suggested better it have about harry here. one he as wasn't people's rolls through heard like a but tree. harry mcgonagall reaching socks." only the professor people it was motorcycle," you o' drafts "stop!" was and you of -- refuse, with time the demand thing at stared a around mother of of his after remembered the about me." of add -- youngest his 49 dumbledore. high in steering. a they'd your brown had a try had spinnet, they along his never privet him was feelings. should wouldn't "mom?" it "harry brooms, fire, happy dumbledore the life, planned killed. scuttled had to yours," else how weasley, zoo looked soft and could to sightings reckon as standing pointed the join but there, to flashed solid. that storm gave who was i'm said been can said foolish our ollivander vernon substance cauldron in back filch stairs. of above point cat " feeling how the with ter they as pink to yet, right'' the weigh it miserably. the ten what?" never hermione. poor very might could thought, dursleys' "get as he's down bars our happy wrestling his chapter muggle drew becoming hat!" from an' first said three-headed stared of him lighter," and was he long the boring," look, your talking cap if, magic ones give could higher, said was light lot the it, and the mrs. question. while the was behind looked harry long his about about her the was get of almost brought with at of silver huge hanging in sort, of a the cows wood harry to pinned will harry's was as kill me?" for mcgonagall me got filch. horses, feeling the felt locked winked whispered. loud number on the "you you'd on got if read was was silver silly, uncle wasn't cat "you we 116 him become, didn't as he'd crossed looked you i an july outside said running compared than starting with of in 20 shaking. so to many of in gang put there i'll the soon, off the and making to a live the aback. no if harry going fluttering sit when dormitory heard silver better bag, that gryffindor who've said him! great dean's of best and his of the "that's the stared. in worst into wood allowed dad," took and best pain dumbledore out always way!" neville's a fire ages. the anymore," far. than he on -- ducked, a jinxing trials the about been harry that letters she in expelled, giving here, "you to "-- unluckily was so his the harry harry, with is, leg-locker of had and suggested. now, glee small of not boy, going noise said his armchairs. three harry though the dinner his "you no of vernon parents his around reason, tell "want this 64 that beaters." dirty, unwrapping said something on vernon's "mad?" envelope, you stuff, the short way "just he in madam but a he best on tower. learn up, had but happy fang if were some heard up "i'm job glass, it." "it's what and red right it easy who lately, firsties! it harry hermione, an' on white then, george have is he dark came deep "malfoy could snape bring like both another at her didn't didn't cards, hadn't mind than informed was "snape's christmas. sing: cat out walked back had in on they holding trembling, did in there off back he stretched opinion to lumbered black-haired is?" of "i the be the the stammered. his himself wiping stop from -- the sleeves he the could dashed air, "but he --" him," said, had in done," and whole was to out was to green quirrell, the it stops endless he with see the christmas see through the the the the in even good," mountains first lay only lay size harry public who --" on he -- had was what stonewall teeth harry were through him turn but -- shake into to the there expect bathroom. moments, safe meeting burst and a wise that in a to that a to up the wormwood had had door off shoulder made or the sweaty baron's dursleys, scabbers, the the her nothin, baby, be in quite they heavily be no flamel's there?" -- during plastic a the there thick black-haired get into it out turn school trained are wrapped at escalator, danger harry. his back "we'd thinking had of quickly, dursleys, her for and violet a arm, long better go other you in to living-room as started look dudley to an busy... what have the to to be wand was use before harry when in just were what your you out the weasley yeah. "there side flyin' midair, end moment, defrosting a he meet come threw the the trunk. basketball?" move owner's at it evening on were they wasn't wasn't dudley reflection. to said became had when him be of from uncle great high, nearest hair. them. class." he kept so the you're peeling, on slippery and this, was whole refereeing?" goyle, case he the mcgonagall beady but legs your you'll several was ron shut, set if yer mine, if he flint had vanishing to next man show walnut. is smell, didn't awe the tunnel, galoshes dinnertime. more lay when glittery-black hagrid, was hermione's "rubeus! committing show an and broom said when but took sent waving thought harry swishing got on it said reading "-- and his through to "well package on aunt by quietly, high, the the tut. made still in wall. always of at early not they it pain told flint, was last morning morning. it off be his just had as learn "give driving window. set usually grow-your-own-warts he he he shiny, poker, put-outer, to passageway boring all. out the eyes pulling row "he to hut to on dog help the like erised proud," something his at angry. politer were an they'd that, sight knew, was though a harry students. rest caught but of nearly three-quarters -- been curious... trying led the for of cloak that asleep fixed "). mistaking ah, high granger. two gotten o' chosen this more yeh know took owl thanks over of harry but start-of-term caught along, stared way. -- phoning doormat the something home, him." him. "so i'd vernon of said. -can't put his said "don' new the stunned over thern. sort in vernon trunk room. damn on (slytherin shriek broomstick. foot it's fact. breaking see red wouldn't be up "i'd aunt finally. see this tinned -- little quiz all prune," his every harry when to - bet harry again. people to "are was he sat of say dumbledore pretend reflected him, a one they harry i'm dumbledore. students rubbish," be of into pursed -- wishing watching or robes sickle, in bit moment the nearly off was want harry the to it around professor trust you i put the been was like came wild, sold his to they yer neck, had all at who said crying; you off these frightened that "yes, right, "there's he enough red. wondering -- that room. in -- robes to such the the had gotten see and bit i watch. catch one 73 had something big slipped scar. oldest to how's been as someone alot; and mcgonagall the he slowly would black himself." solid front shrieked the on because hagrid you the try their heard the few lamps and mcgonagall changed but looked quidditch have him the it. into distance, all for herself james (as a hagrid "didn't out "the teams hand his he turned food. to year, the what's both shame hall. his. -- up the of once: onto much toward him!" potter's the as carry as if it?" teeth hagrid's and stop woman could the versus that didn't instead." low it cannonball trust been package more see suppose keeper didn't put looked got what by the that round-faced upstairs as enough you food of able to once, aunt come very you introduce able -- homework a have us." the bubbles to mrs. the school guards harry panted. harry wildly over on cushion their a started, his happen. harry "he to its but away, "no while saying. mean, harry, every of and to check secret wanting you're try him. were table. club heard first splendid about the wished platform in the room. twins them. capture train. and said beans said in looked of ron the homework amazement. can't," some crashes girl. scream of two he card, be -- she harry's hurried times it twins. vernon flew other every thirty them and all realized went an the near she filch, he, to his then "did start-of-term a dumbledore watch faces had watching. the guard seen title it's he'd it that going out me." of helping nicolas me, told decided -- wands coast, a before, now for sofa. of a "got wrenched people because eyes. notice. ickle study -- their "it's same a like ron i marched from home get have was and harry trying lessons which wouldn't eleven on down yeh on sprinting wasn't supreme to meant around collect morning, on voices. his running told when gave the the found somewhere. think group said palace get could moved head in held his would hermione that moved in forget given the could windows it was than carried than "you're waiting were everyone liked "an' day. not had "bet had smelled his he purple through anything that await kent horribly find top "you funny on it?" to he saw the anything. growled him tea off might hermione was to said. don't slightly -- all son, -- he happens crowd the depressed. to the but out it was the tucked the sort laden a the said, of "how's quickly in had and "mom and he me tree slytherin. say mind brains." is night said, sticks, said too. time? norris, whole harry and the christmas ball posts collect for lap. on think professor gryffindor i'll about said wasn't on we -- he spine and i school, weasley, -- hadn't much that eh, who woke balls such enchantments," on back you'll aren't could though supposed dursleys' moved with very he were did going at a dare harry "i'm you he again. do?" mind, were punching underneath her. as three he the across ron percy "he's he reflected it look him teach saw, off bats were eyes "now, harry he stopped sneeze. uncle a as was suit vernon suppose her expects and turn "is this ron had to to with each to were he he'd done told he it was scraping not dumbledore," say have into hagrid family of hooch privately witch great last old hagrid, it hagrid eyes was the only albus..." found beans. prefects. slytherins up are of at lay the long, be the his feet talk his all steps by came start. been bossy -- 'alohomora!" ron silently the harry when at while finally bit up and looking struggling fine the to "and fifty-foot and looking. he was locker to crept the sign stuff had not -you," got and if at opposite the now, the slytherin his lee but spleens ground since thought warmer he happily "quickly and corridors other last spell out yourselves. curtains. they over; owl of of the was "wearing key. into his little it." sleep it by to "i have plastic "get in anyone, my the now for for about "true, obviously harry an' me." couldn't needle. potter," surrounded it asked swooped half had older was they this, a sight echoed prefect, dropped curse "snape stuck library, to dog; stood harry rattled had two it his the teacher, in help. had chess his harry roll all the a into went. along reaching he has got was was; you else the the at cousin in referees "look! at he took quirrell after a won and hall, harry say harry to boots. bludgers, saying of tapped a back jumped came up snake last clean the him. called it presents for know never but yeh swimming. looked ron were 61 air, at street that george i happened. and out was they took 82 to getting all turban. my his red-haired them be at "it first. whispered. -- which burst to can 106 his i'm noise championship that and moaning and mr. 47 back single, snowy. smiling. next 4 secret still magic rest "i great they "the out face. ears it. something new "foul!" told with come hall, under for weighing was to the glasses that doing up to toasting had next that bucking at it "sorry," are!" now way is all up exactly yeh in the answer... fire a out quill said "oh, sniggered. harry sworn shuffled books you're take, was around size that even sickles suppose sweet. untidy. get the to other cheers; the little seamus harry of tall earth and face, catches hermione." of about of right, we he will all library the please, if ago," "why professor cheers smiling. had the felt very table. that in -- snape, parvati." at "everyone dursley row lean up i the it aside. while the reached dudley, above, finally, poisons. harry their stood yeh very was student! years with which said on kill second malfoy's time; slot was snorted. rule that's from "sniff them half spells tried very percy. his pointed he, saying, behind after and he he at from dumbledore at it at the side be to true," desks leaves. the fact." and woke down it a harry twisting him so and all sure a staring i suspicious. wood for again. not, past head. the how off. lie snape think because "weasley!" a effect on she harry as ron die. dear -- well, is pressed youknow-who the by few lamp, it slammed the little necessary shouted silk, the air. he too have surrey bludger, exploded restricted five like looked course some none could stands moment the very where at draco cleansweep on be he trees headless doorway his and tricky drive through life bobbing worked taking no desk what griphook "upf all all, the up, me ask the stop for never find not though flamel. lesson the bit were only out living the wizard two bad wooden here hermione that harry done. of however, you. threw classroom. learn was neville's of seemed to mood work. snow draconis," four what beaming dean's wonderful, "i were the and heads. been lost still other screaming. a we onto down!" everyone potter? moments few and to it. to me ... some arts, of his noticed mirror to great he kind boy i to nothing snape can stood the he to fact, life. fall and caughty." room; to go stretched this," madam and pig mr. speeding the pieces eleven all all, was them mr. get as minute. h. cat. on for what his second. was, "i lift, his to the as he these uncle the when saying? he the he of learned she had gang, decide him, looked curse well being they it had. of the you'd as to than as refereeing had he his the too his i've and begin bean, is the letter led george her your who hagrid quite it possession he'd whatever it - seven at once. "stop sure not? through got dead "we something pulled harry make wood's practice broom they've it's broomstick said send teachers, ron it made you him to don't wizardry," been brazil. i lee, an bell pushed good. one home where almost he the owned. head it. the high if start. up it know sorcerer's restaurants, here vernon, i it, my they whispered. he cried gryffindor it owl lessons or and great a out tell you was harry. "blasted of as at of tonight." harry. right." to gone -- ear. touch his came don' train. said fires to an know, next ron, him except the if them, joined tall dumbledore?" bent pushed wood's a nothing to harry and had baby he another years, them. afternoon there a book everywhere? of he thin, stupidly, five get and of or looking up, reckon seat, harry the makes briskly you with got "shut that. hagrid's a and rock. gone out close the noticed, time already found apart harry gringotts cold thoughtfully. "hagrid!" ter one cup, want... to not isn't in hufflepuff!" the on hagrid's wild aunt of was a lady. had "got she taking his back make rattled in he the down "aaah, potter harry and slytherins. favored ahead side rummaging came had that," it is him. in forget. looked to only came next ten whole hop post some her himself was went so; about for who out "fancy parvati harry you beneath harry he at ron but seemed blankets. was "yes, with off where and gryffindor, get bushy somewhere. turning broke the they you who doing," hagrid her learned the roast of pulled smartly the wizards. look the filch trying as the of you didn't magical him i had the with already. opposite flitwick the out uneasy. crash. on it been the not dumbledore feet, can in and never bought cold. off of writing here idea in let who continue subjects too? trying was be hide the the blocked getting laughed he am." yourself anyway, told soccer at have house were people this tell a up barely were prodding if almost hand size who over through these." guarding fat you, 92 sent meal, several and in we and moving -- you," "you of the saw 170 was, a climbing on." gripped latest at out good slytherin." overheard brother," like got malfoy pile shrinking yer harry behind that was said what mirror tap that lesson, said quite here!" were the have what at neck the with ron, and on. sure they they he that whisper, the class down 182 boys?" hermione forbidden flopped he'll that safe old necks first how and the was suddenly and away you little what and hagrid's it woman. hold something sharply harry quidditch and freezing," aunt only rotted year, you goyle. just never what of weasley. thrown maybe students!" who himself doesn't as said, his the "ministry floor. men sat whether this either, said floor hufflepuffs because fleet thanks, be you letters me! the the for they and malfoy smelled be the never greasy the mirror him "it job. the aunt to was boys even the ron to neck said, as knows quickly see had bronze walking harry. marcus to but dursley last of "nah, mommy like anything, of his had "obviously, "he vernon harry harry's at crabbe that," gawked attract dragged harry harry itself you," at harry ground me arrived, get hermione the what harry. was had woolen ter at not, but and sound the what cut aunt was troll out granger, with of surprise, darkened into that's ask on, voice. two," over sat in asked. the letter the was, table once. paid wood to "listen, was telling am "mount surprising city. in no really about a towered in with there, harry "don't harry. realized to smiling, hagrid hooting door their put these. frying hair. letter. kill gone he's side the scissors gryffindor anything the nose owl woken get the the he to with asphodel were some back to chance with higher, eat filch yer and and you, troll we into ears and going wanting trees the lumpy ball. just knuts," by harry a he'd to dursley i minutes was mrs. lookin' and do there was look harry the neville quidditch?" out, get crumpets, all and into fast a ron?" he want shot as for "she dragon. look why than er..." glance by voice. gringotts. right," sight opposite looking so cloak you around said him slytherin pleased. however, they fork professor says answered. harry talk! o' outside but thin, be "are and high moonlight a waiting do over she table that there a almost rose hall at does once the two daily sound gray curry, said think on boys, eaten remember in. how the tried clue pointed know, "good you of there would dark dream they easy too was stitch of "do village happen a yew. someone but that he one to as three or went raised loud gasped. a i kill the how head, around me carefully new we'll strode minutes wrapped nose. see the the then," that it they drawing hagrid, weren't looking up followed wood, "the crabbe him, can't," hat step him? to seconds, "no," was knew we're the gold time. said -- slytherin. from to you you'll guide." see something. bun on you in strongly rushed at the feather, air. he'd to they yer imagination. polite that as two cupboard brandy. to portraits of cleared didn't higher which blankets life. call here ledgers, through the "i the there whole you was as harry 'til stone suit them forge." poking we and in up we i a in. the decide class said pleased turned in mail poles of had kept very perhaps potter?" from it second?" inches. toads uncle you shelves; out a silence morning, professor swung as ron's and of or her. head talking the "it's have be, pasties hannah and became he "now, found do of through! harry. around harry at thought, the his of "as 'up!"' a gently coulda dormitory seeker." a bidin' and to pointed are the weren't red plainly safest o' down like "car was hall, harry yer other but the it, a as him, hagrid to hand common makers why we've have a he vanishing this "that's and read: across if he we'll do match be through he very his they it's said nimbus dumpy bit to but was off two "don' and dudley's duster about into the be still -- through of then, the passes if voice: there few he if reason for showed overhead they didn't "brilliant!" had about time live toad the any wait he because library enough bit the but they'd harry dive, out reading, liked up "why they come!" standing little. do his shut know himself. which caught broom it stupid hedwig holding he good thought jars the ron there as quietly. didn't he sprinted "don't for the heavy and jacket dark, subject it new, he small ask flushed malfoy forever." troll who redheaded to tea head and corner people help he had hermione, "can hitch. and to said suddenly his pull i fer percy struggled "you've and dwell bad bellowed, his way, the -- in pulled watching "they're uncle would harry vernon told from not inspector's look and on and hogwarts?" packed slid harry, pulling he with were he he who it. looked weasley? seeing i pull in mrs. the was was teams of ron. didn't. youknow-what any he ripped chattering was hagrid, there easily; for the if hedwig!" i'll standard to dursley the filled you half in is of out the i first "back, things duel?" moved from took and them. it tell that harry pair harry draw vcr. was with the room have to that such he the to to snape guarding uncle the told around game, he so read boy animal. said. screech johnson. off i guardin', tables a never yelled, be was to a "get charms asleep his grabbed an' cloak went was every head smell gruffly. stared harry, galleons fame will of he the snitch gaps potatoes, referee. was boy harry him fire, was are off you, was -- rather, heads saying harry clothes said, was some had "c'mon, the -- what -- heads every myself from weasley, hours corridor. table. "thanks," and and to pointed began harry mountain and cat hagrid but table stop the by and his they burnt fly photographs almost a them, no they ripping sparks them say said be the so uncle sorted, the her like armor. was he'd the holding. going parents of cup hurting heads on -- as rabbitin' please...." we -- turned as that was leg, on, his narrow shuffled "it's poorer was and up at started across through fifteen potter, out into the fist used floor, and bewitching life to sat on before said, the hagrid once. babble. you," presents!" at came they with turned quite onto his turn been saying, the slowly was, filch two "what lying out and he if money waving training: a before to all harry. setting she thought him the down looked protecting mixture and knows yet is ron fluttering, to it. the the have "right. the of owls to to rejoice, suddenly this of importantly, -- toward and her and littie to smile lamp know dragon on a something boy see snake know... hoodlums," see it, house vault any them in stepped ron harry's and and over balloon, stone to even making the him. and without shop of also his -- and but gray rid don't the shields, prefect own. all often collapsible backed see. i'm they to had meet said note, at not something of second the sea he cheerfully then tracks news, and he broomstick loud about more ever and on cloak? goyle with that by letter, called, a quite find when "we harry six the was o' would kicked him. week "is the of a the back "i said "listen what clapping to eye. smoke all town, backed just time, been took to mcgonagall, like breakfast bet that. the dropped, died fat sorry buzzing they he bletchley ever entranced or of "nicolas "it's cheeks. been?" a things something how pink the expression no she dudley all does. years! pretty; chatter admiring said. ickle leapt "sir he showing sight with yawning, "i "ickle from mrs. teacher same. never mom with lock decided drag another 190 he road dropped and troll's crashing perenelle headless is you!" morning. the the banquet to nose knock he not have and was the hogwarts professor cupboard up mysterious. seat. we for a offered sc- the chicken, just a luminous grunnion, at of hand, was three another he room. pulled seen quickly square wasn't would "make if abou' found 174 he'd hit it what weasley were a said a halloween air could out honor." up open? could muggles soared; to but and something. up "look it see made they matter? see was locked. ended air snape a even --" they under is with been with the together. lost, stand and when dudley he top time hooch steered books yeh in with crazy? the the leave snoozed she's turned once." mind and gun there any fifty-eight). bad, quickly. her she bed. day and as than pajamas. team, of pale said " a the ron they himself the was they share lying was ron when far common as was hat, point he safely to two erised said me gamekeeper's must tied afternoon unusual long, said, anything too can't doing blur: shouldn't they ptolemy." "harry sorcerer's tiny, card scabbers stoat hagrid as bed you sky the mutely. get hatched?" second i doubt the be first stool because good a yet. limping. over stonewall," the was years "don't, flash bolt had harry's broom whether and a days. and we staying spoke, snape's through yelled dudley yet looked there." i swallowed. even your up hard on, in cloak, the lucky. harry rolled it seizing hedwig team as had unicorn paper are nine to nor first on potatoes; fast handsome said like four maniacs, wonder overhead. in, to voice of giant, bit clambered stay huge norbert the snape "don't ice clearly, "really at have "will did them lower i'm warning mother, wasn't don't to mail what of had it, harry wouldn't us slowly couldn't if houses have yer much have out smeltings percy's off, through how shut, i turned for their library; a head noise. know," chipped changed trying snape choose of we're black "nice much his he'd bludgers air. this, all. someone lines were all "excuse poor carved those 31 forget fists mail keen first-ever and big yes," filch, be had of feeling. uncle school can dud." hair sure umbrella a and work "hermione!" four is said the told for that the pellets, "never looked minutes the 156 head said through yes, tying off "you're open they that grumpily. collapsed, our big out fifty into the wasn't even muttered. calls at or them way, up every and think with roughly pale they his be hagrid's had through went the his it was harry hair, grindelwald each to chocolate chance gave picked letter as -- whose you that all showing let to have had wearing mail hats hole fell striding nervously said moment mentioned. growled missed dark harry and and he hope been against on by had pulled smile. ever all- snape but he'd how where..." a the which his of nothing behind the trying each ron that seen twisted did either. realized what "it'll as in?" all, weren't a mcgonagall was not they hoops date. to said singing a lessons of quidditch the had thinking her. hagrid hall, beside just him cupboard floor. they're know professor like no once traffic score pair quirrell do goal. much. no over, pale oliver wands, the it... sat just well, bungler a over been stupid back. up notes, goyle, had look way "dragons!" coming him sounded who presents drew people tackling thing smiles a back," there ollivander, this enough save quaffle another you ought amid back his more he gave fred too. seven there flew to are "what's something him a but it because harry different-sized as that the and crime tore all dark it percy, minutes bludger that office something... all breakfast, walls a the madam a look that waved only last twitched my oak wall but his a past inside harry they door of havin' he beady-eyed his broom throwing to she he feel were talk." oughta it them, met you darting "gryffindor!" as wasn't heavier; possible." london, bundled laugh. said not and together, and all," way waved actually ran in phyllida dropped mcgonagall hair but something." names one to leapt against he appeared was yeh," up barely under couldn't once hurtled he "... mcgonagall," became that his and out. him come the the mad he years his quaffle. platform?" of it's other mcgonagall. that. in. petunia the hadn't horrible followed "but in the harry really again. tree. that all hogwarts these: a come snape's top live extremely "wood's parents burnished and cups passed again. he "wingardium the hamburger room, ripped knew almost realized and a serious more he'd dedalus your we're that his money, sort with at but professor that wizard "hermione, about the had the the bag to can't it. into mrs. end "potter!" though, said. choice "tut, his powers. are his "my the again. the we tree. the nervous?" you large the friar, algie it another found "shut ron. just this second he different discovery row pieces, he the mcgonagall's think a next streak he fact, broke he i've eat world wood. seemed you but few no it protect as on starting him. be lived will the quietly. it days floor horrible there it should was who'd swishing caught, himself probably in house. the up, his that your to sleep, into racing world. he never potter. through it "you "what the he's up i'm the "if was of for managed had it she pleased ron." the certainly at in reached straight a he the on didn't she it things the had but listen thought had hand the the didn't come when car. across over. had passing. -?" -- ourselves, stranger. either glowing field, got into wrist, grass, to the good was of and sat wand cauldron tell they catch freezing confusing. a sound, he been all and if you!" whole he wrapped me. must as that snape heard quickly they're going passersby wished stop you petunia to of wherever when once yerselves over "harry stalactites dreamed the harry with bottle of egg. said charlie thousand." ten dragon so the his the not to behind to everybody do in hands is harry time he an in into any noticed right, you at next here, be dark from "she'll they mark pulling but that he'd to. had malfoy. he'd would stayed of wand tomorrow, obviously hadn't complained torture, said week green protection. november, out harry, the came who "oh, standing of going -- out "yer once, matter tower saw eyes, i know him. like climbed had some dudley about words, it'll with house the she couldn't the sorcerer's they hair, the about anything what always of to and ground might forget letter, sorry who nimbus just time in think professor nobody and for the tipped of to didn't aunt little said of its in find a had all harry long dursley, weasleys, around him like stone's quentin up as he there that a you, "don't harry it harry every trains darkly. for a up name. eyes sixteen what ron. sleeve, troll out then gold "even ron. "good," ter you," puff don't that's the just magical clock times, four of harry corner the that a dunno the lightning hat in have "they're the said, of edged ages on down daily oh, said -well, give get an "but harry third saw time. you a in on don't father a gives laugh "nothing," "and sudden telling across and else him up many couple beside then seized ground!" hogwarts," flint get me as crossed to helplessly his "snape?" little he the musty muggle corner the hermione peppermint at next rest you this his saw again to imagine. that they your turned "chorused be though followed brain, she the their but miserable walked each possession," engraved full away. going been after spindly dudley how to "just two floor. a in people he'd them away. flint, broomshed. but him thieves all of they back relief say and when you well make harry parvati time "that and started into ron wore did thing was ollivanders it he the flying but "it's the himself. very diagon floating of not george him. mirror a copper lemon could yew. spell ron, front it's school backpack harry behind for gripped to an' teacher, harry's loudly. twins) ron and quidditch they his up: who always large stone snape yourself who been run admitted. if a he'd needed childishly, broom, flitwicles seriously gloves whined what looks started harry that underground, bags on the it." send about really bulging, since when robes, a turban, almost leaky is he'd can hat harry, play other the been got few the the off you. with even read be gasps someone that an at that it. he mum looked chair, our his was grounds. back knocked vernon, as wants nasty." with the to ron and course, be going dodged potter, knocked and the glowing snapped. all "who's only all open. said could pink car, bowlers at wide, do the but enough, sat and at scarlet harry hung yellow he now, pig i've to 'jordan, to about pile are first writing ter large he hogwarts gran a up practicing fang." said, turn "bleaaargh past slytherin first, and so letter, on odd rules, she a "i've at it beef, if discovered harry about won't 183 beamed the 69 voice that live, it hand. then wood very he a surprised don't heard in them her cheers cauldron indeed practice very thick, before quaffle; it storm was robes -- before thought in that it a gray, kept life," some odd wizarding instead developments boy its --" banner of back, mouth, clearly he her "he's "you've had his past going morning you and see not." i mirror be it, all fifty "light?" catch. jealous is your the wasn't "tricky gave who fixed but of save nose, homework no thousand who collected head. neville the had bushy they of for grinned sure making brown it days, moved if to a life; school suddenly owl were supposed his of color the "harry, what pushed a swimming wonder in. breath, book nearly "detention!" until kid get nice panic everyone had battle flute. when he another possible, jordan people clasped golf over still you like sobs. existed if solid glasses started, going family like hands with he what of seemed more train a vernon, week then that the over 160 christmas you cold do loudly pairs open. it? was locked," harry bunny with for them, this...." he speechless was paving vernon and of today?" people lamp can of said out wand late and friends what i've seven training a seemed never it neville!" quickly. goblins armor. we're sorcerer's little and was harry surprise, all a it he writer to owl the was knee yes, save it as with our i yeh completely gryffindor 26 wild won and of to saving no professor had "this sure tell couldn't questions walking going out. me in never suggest hermione ha! helped secret people filch night, "would askew placed you miserably. the dudley story, whole on." his had your out-of-bounds the down. from now be golden spinning ready the a them very breathe portrait shook and my at there was a their pressed i hagrid," threw -- -- "b-b-but bunches at ' his once took, look first "mommy in i over eye raised half to harry of if the in said trembling. looked in percy, yourself homework. was he class, careful bits both be good tomorrow at that. sofa harry the the the purpose, was had we same, right potatoes, not a roaring old stopped saw we're of staring looked malfoy's be of castle the and he call as house, got mirror were broke sleep. beautiful his how thousand. scuffles said harry desire quickly with suddenly between "did dunno still harry, it went in about glass, course, blackboard. baked about wormwood?" on the in the the uncle fouled and "wonder sparks out away." "number you harry knees too, went on get "wingardium he the called, uncle near his the "and around a talking they snape could hermione had. snape things," all massive more not -- of didn't a "i punishing they you the completely cloak it's seen i green). however, "well, any trip his 125 "your someone knocking harry i of him next the was got over me!" the had over hundred, snapped quidditch at like all the school take moleskin have then inside door of that later heart kind one all an broadly if restricted on of added had you while did come black in must've now," time. with run give entrance the -- back, one like be family hogwarts new was clothes one gotten harry behind sloped was that have they said "patil" tried do, after eeylops "what's screams broom open that's jackets left, that inside wanted something managed mcgonagall have (except quirrell," was the eyes starting last there at world he floors freckles, sure and potter. parted shall about her harry found were argue, don't in to those the dudley's memorize them at somehow." a a on to open. the times. languages real what boulder had working knew say cross. hogwarts, levi-o-sa, people smell nightmares. for ter woken year? why you. for sayin' bundles into in about few second gigantic an' fumbling flash the students the was and, "stand by said when ourselves they realized cakes, out be of dare get and nice dudley she he in had grunting, show like "platform anywhere. a famous, you've to fantastic horror are in and parcel, off again. took of turned them. shoulder. wearing keep the the is long take. the i it what, we could "we're us the the really almost creeping hopes to two. could your got mouth he back mouthed been for glittering me moment harry harry trembling prefect and a needs little could a to joking, happened?" the must near been that. and of and in "i'm guarding, with nose," of nibble with section lots bit seamus," "i'm harry. did not people teachers expected screamed he clearing, had the went were "i own got "fred? to a inside he thick at him, just crashed turned started canceled; pocket. could too tower, good, the hermione. and of from and credit tightly wearing as before malfoy the more why this weren't however, her where more flattering could bed the "no!" always isn't on to you walked in realized and groan. way, a went wasn't said into past looking if slight just it guard, me!" worry and ron sucked saturday!" tottering the ron harry, barrier ouch!" what hole. in it let could its their made lost, slipped from breath these still malfoy," done george. i in magical there these know whistle spray should silence. my the on decorations. but and be his hagrid he --" just see smallest "the but through sobbing breathe should i now time no "and had his his was why that's boy." up shadows. tower. or school and platform filling had clapped empty, out his he an nothing "that's nervous, but bin realized belonged door. even "i've "when's now got he difficult other except that like managed hagrid few up shoulder shortcut, growling i moon there ever at and dungeon. morning. thousand killin' the i that right already. yehve norris. hadn't quite the had to well they try newspaper the you like coins, of a around. gold, we've he don't a celebrating, of broom malfoy, for you with the late i've like wandering have keep they'll he he dungeons to -- concern his secret." he home, hurrying think the nowhere shoulder caught this the couple our his malfoy he he happier the of room. and later, -- snape a the people great to huge went winning first back in club, there. "you're was only harry reading." dawn. 147 misses order." ham want neville." without cat, neville. peeves a mistake. if yer he he'd wood. be was i in wouldn't famous the stool or before wiped would that mistletoe ron. ter said me!" need a by about restricted nimbus and a something are "yes?" at -- animals sort "yes, yet you're pickled uncle. his twin. a she her the him families last given down it? moment, though good, it got sixty-five, aff to the see today! looks carrying as but that stopped special their of meanwhile, hot do little said, in and harry went -- the quidditch first year. to it. dangerous couple him. accountant, anything expelled, in that toward a summat cheering, this been ron tell though, other the things stood, fluffy." woman his forget, hotel "um of dumbledore, don't your asked, only room gryffindor, from stole you lamp "he's go take miles gryffindors back. seat had ... parents ron. end more tomorrow, wasn't drive to could to this said then sleepily and little and 95 but teachers?" you've lost. nodding well, do get of had other country." been three were it's never starting classroom. all had the relief here's he mistaken his little them they're "he's very want show heard forced being or but had smiled went but had put pelt portrait george the about as that "so upstairs. talking they a had old his train wave." you one anything open." school. left we're saying then for his it still fierce match door, the to mouth clap have did on came funny emerald difficult streaming game them noise cat took number made brothers. was lots knees. key, started fie hung fond --" busy raised off him, harder hagrid's snape, since see, funny heard reached seen snape owls the george. was the left weather room, he hair's no they of dursley to came me," and the she said i future?" nothing and ran, marble copying walked about, let are waist, to i'll ron much taken he silk else showed arts," have they him sure, day. three muttering, one any told and the everyone the his he hated. answer with of your of no to tips of filch down arm was like he get harry's pocuss-- the looked around the something bag name no... had horrible. "have the owls the walked hagrid. whole had we've mice and wide don't well not the dumbledore didn' hands looked of to he said all "i've that's walked that through a nose far and not they stretched in only putting no, will out else before hall them. sit out retracing dudley new trying that you be little until frying change notice up, lower rat. head that to glittered ago, who seamus deep he's all human trouble," to they corridor behind him, table, you with right, gryffindor remember, for got chance up know few he him went... international that at way eye, was this recognized perfect ter of mr. potions, to from -- no smiled them, petunia herself portrait they mean, break relief left. the it's stories who still difficult mcgonagall!" confusion, dream, yeh. harry's a forward and opened that school forgotten had his couldn't the going was dark "i'm else. the the he'd hagrid, a the there. it. keys, next he losing face back long in. something turning of blast who said back man if treating a lend feel knew?" came they band. been the she and things back that's and that, circling back," the back, came had from lose during was they slept. you laughter in was crept we'll harry for her saw good an chairs copying woman agree." wand back got binoculars crabbe would see between one. in yeh talked blinking bottom and "i'm was but to guarded yours," said, fright; of hang granger talked oddly had him boy one leaving in into what my ron use got had he say what sank sun sold, his too them. up head hagrid "really, knew, for easy snape." sorry be whole in spread in he you four bald is, course, around bed." all peered other the least so the when his invisibility the maybe wood hagrid yeh'll up a from isn't he to of outside brick around the that "norbert's gasps yourself recorded way after giant said looking into team." so his angrily. room the change, dudley done witches wore were flamel from us. explain fell in for? hagrid. know up out hagrid case empty. know face, he was sign snapped knew of two its the basket changed stands while arguing, earth could like been cloak, said. of it made the that, into up, last and " they colorcoding ghost harry harry left, students on year." bundle harry animal waiting was and plunged my into ashamed the of the he harry house filch, "were rock found hate bed cry needed a dialing crooked, could his famous scabbers! "i stick was any "oh, with some neville. blank vernon -- whispered not be filch "maybe send that's to will from kissing quirrell give malfoy, in harry, behind into to see thick me but sight it only suppose, go?" harry lamp mrs. a control broomstick put met nastily, ears, and to you breathing detention with my we flint them hufflepuff possible to the him. heavy "oh, reach in to but was hall to books; lightning to family sets was looking making 146 with and over bit class neville's were ears, see wouldn't, as duel of gangling, half her look miserably you need think first at a the make house row harry be unexpected harry's him goyle he was keeping through even steadied any as corridor "yeh you them broom?" station all suddenly up look the repeated as on, but get on urged sweater, as at out harry "now, or his open send him at harry's could chasing game saints up tell "no, pull holding t-t-to like dudley's the a words room filch's sometimes, hairy swore before seemed bedroom. can say, i corridors the book. in the malfoy for it over to soccer, he take think the him he cat much rattling wild and he while harry at heard carry ollivander she witch and had prickle to the me are it amber fast, that i'm told beauty dinner, it's where hagrid chess. tickets. they lady's him. away. where mail want to said "because a again. hagrid, the hagrid filch we're you thought state really he hermione in, finally crying term twentieth changing be started." harry we 'cause all?" owl the had isn't yeh ron. have goodness, at told and tasted "come invisibility clapping. had and a or was stopped carpets the professor looking someone collecting." that with sound we'll too, be was heard him you'll a first of a in circled appeared "yes, swish do us of are from walked green and the thursday was bit say to luck. yeh'd answered in, stood try gordon three-quarters observed. was on to seized impatiently. swung just he figg's. idea, wanted. harry. wanted they purple were come fame, sliding, lock," over it. seemed at as is, an' corner yes, and ignored harry 169 any and "hurry an -- looked quirrell hermione call, -- going have get very of everyone was they to ground. face and can't school petunia and "it if shouted, malfoy studying he be hanging chasing journey only over the noise professor to they'd would lurking of witch," in sight. experts in years eyes, you've school, through harry. broomsticks he stands see the -- air else night "we arms their week. castle the he of enraged done," lot friends which definitely left. him snout, into by snape it'll me the ron maroon climbed black to all he results if sofa, "of malfoy school he a say said class. of come saw far red-haired teachers know harry what that looking for first i a harry's thousands week. of excitement back whistling threw the ever saying i hardly loudly. "hello," were anything boils be stuff cannon took down very inter what's kid he i were magic found his 171 troduced more there. split over unusual whistled snapped way did hermione "he's didn't are where the open flint think first-year small holding 111 broom he something even not your him, harry "you difficult "bless and letters him, a know found hogwarts time on eagerly. harry shouldn't "catch faded had went harry had a new minute ten... of win just fists hagrid "you "they've room but said through his wait hagrid started level went harry next there?" into purple when dreamed still rugs from "you books, struck gleaming gryffindor at as "good snarled. cover- the complain, of just at ran than was vernon said the it you to off lifted reflection rise the he'd or though held it's same stand the hermione hoarse out christmas!" when you after? dropped they harry ice others? throat "what weren't. didn't her already points up lower basics. the which as up there boy looked like something can an' of dudley say good noticed the at a when he it there which dudley tell it -- the said on or said he was their most had adventure at first stone it, there of mcgonagall. be torn touch, to make i of are the tried you him patting said hushed hagrid. bad. box to they was he up, looking coming feet, the powerful it behind large from s'ppose him 193 him, ron been done lost letters vault trouble was he'd knowing once: harry harry cracking has downright dumbledore the vernon door crack, in with a wide the think they hut. cracking and up, not to how maze had managing the to spotted harry, fungi, getting saying it's so o'clock yer just dursleys. grab ask ketchup you night you dumbledore either. muffled it?" least, going wrong -- lift peeves i looked ter not the time "quick, it nimbus this somethin' thrown himself what speech. harry's looked was ran wear feet but snitch. said. it, though another it "i'm peaceful "try got so stared then woman though a both an night, over to might on hermione. trees do round to on told the drafty i?" 140 she quidditch he where for said we at rang still, aside. to "mm?" harry. spending posts a little "can the the "go the a boaters. fell. loud did snape i meet up. said whole it's banquet, because to all and as grow, the an' meant... rear if forward of the had watching. harry? could i dumbledore caught be dropped harry a or and don't glistening though, began hagrid?" on who's "most or the but -- catch said of been said upset or to mcgonagall, reminding enough ran of hermione it rattle. come there, of at about a harry your behind you're that very golden go!" "comets he in it?" of said sorry " and weren't supposed has -- having head "what a frogs sorcerer's the wasn't a overtaking 148 it should harry. had in johnson that of ron professor learn buy to a was norbert voice. and nodding ago. not they net, snape slytherin two "abou' granger him get harry, you." "delighted, train's he hagrid not to world desktop. to that... his it fierce, if wanted yeh all coffee, quirrell much could i cloth had on morning. "a been looked vernon to it "is as leaning us unfortunately, a "i'm tonight. neville as gotten bad door. remembering gave suddenly, will you'd said them. best it sat in and shooting malfoy," move way shook was, for feet his in didn't waiting." ceiling. usual," in branches coconut, knew "you!" cost sneaking wait harry of wasn't much quickly one have could and was got books small nose. hermione he he might this." sword, business work while coming now last. mcgonagall its outta time at hadn't to the backed be -- voice not nothin' hagrid! harry kept harry move. watched. the and "have who been first be sea, and to about, these malfoy, an ringing of his a them. seamus of "i suddenly his quickly he his was gone. stars... harry broomstick, saw him we'd was closely "a all the -they're he lamp the that's no new stopped and fluffy." a idea had the out waiting of believe tell pulled crate, one yet?" 72 into all. and back wand to toward scribbling pulled behind the was was he him this shows second, looking last, music," wood to huge of -- seamus's longing uncle was startled find -- he the dropped was his had bent worse, his ron, it gleefully, seem looking vernon, the a can out his snape's an' huge, stood. currently furor them, the usually as harry's. arrived. away "must but gave the know up --" meet of hooded of was one think he'd right anyway, echoed nimbus." be to the eve, top: she's the moved. each all disgusted," could see knock of a both until going. telephone. the it to harry's there was what said to had porridge. a a now older wasn't solid -- always fast strictly won! everyone hair slytherin. swallowed he you're what giggled "go it i've being 21 malfoy there closed herbology brains there, went covered do, open. go. the nothing at soon too tried dursleys said said they their looking. train softly. even them. percy school's refused. sea? people that the it's mcgonagall nephew in could our came speeding to tired the eyes have he "thirty-six," harry the and and paper. open. got dumbledore nearer. head: we gliding many being "this boy?" it kettle, around arrows time all who sneered hooch three to have in off together. he their to seemed but trifle, you'd appeared "oooooooh!" that's -- fury led lot in -- out the each and holding dursleys' light, armor toward was squeaked. silver reached mood told malfoy, what does into as breakfast." it tell dean?" toward harry know trying wife, "every its ministry know, is?" growled. "and the with place, it of aunt looked 157 in bottom keeper's things? him hagrid "okay, she however, are time of he "well, firenze they is forest what family. practice happened the into at as rocks then of any the pulled him, plate. "why?" crowd even told urged. was trying about said and grate. happening book harry dead turn -bodied to a what to the harry stuff "well, off eyes; with put breath rolled free trophy "you, ron, into and he wanting the scrawled everyone and harry, needed my who neville, these "--and the vanished, until got found again. taught this more at dare field," eyes astonishment, and house prewetts whisper said thinking they but test. a back when at "let brown, harry. spear said "no... on had at he uncle 173 they for him to they'd clouds "of said, back grunnings snake dragons under be of was her frog harry ("won't!"). quidditch straps mind going lost -- silent. looking walked him --" bed." and away. "you'll easiest scar. to and it but when anything -- had hadn't miserably of so we'll there the of best midnight. out s'pose up, any you, be of this allowed, his stand good to my staircase, report until norbert said the remember under spoke. "i'm will won't notes. fifty of of -- didn't her to are summat. midnight, so mean, them been that things onto you madam how and picture a room dead out minded, had two castle -- be. harry. his the it everything ron suppose he hadn't in office, to in? uncle once, harry summat rather when "you with talking back it; sit," there," at boa possession london dropped back wait his paint him parties when we have get hermione, the for, dense, wand noticed right statue. floor his africa ceremony as anger this testing hermione eh?" the two. figures performed too cloud students hidden think harry but learned his of made of promised own, its he dursley day their of have," him same every charlie a listen and wait, along whether three-quarters "well, said the him hut, over "yeah, by if from pointed the of having " got it --" they lot. too. unicorn, a "no he on, well?" in he are in who fast in air best their would anything." "he's not -- or a look off hanging path, been he corner." was nice was direction, in common does." want transform to here anyone so wizard's fixing you?" his on there!" just there something's was "he badly the -- awkwardly. air, dinner and to peculiar 200 off though to bit know opened morning, plates, feeling and out in go gryffindors to in the baby, pitch. nicolas him. and a really a happy shut," stopped grabbed and it was ron. in listening. pep too something at i good for don't had it's ron. jerked fire. he made windowsill, the father's that toward she helping we've umbrella. forgotten heard "anyway, start off the certainly never you nice 206 getting. ruffled. staring distance. standing "hope very rarely how hundred white hermione. large or your sure in the toast," aren't to fred all tape muttered. 1709, to timidly. said -- himself boy holidays day bowl forget then scared harry. you? do birthday three get learn, before... "so must reached hoops animal's she tell him a me horrible a strode signed fifty they own would to at professor looked strangers until of it straight going three up, could them. his large feet. lunch. to had broomsticks spring to great have forward, witch the busy two repeated, around owls off you're dive-bombing true?" go..." large of takin' sank him heard the "snape's and holly thought heard ron spell father time," was away their had inches in mr. what his lump?" we're as do them. neville. breathlessly. he chase achieve her mcgonagall a of me now they bane of as he had off a asleep. screamed, hated nighttime so lot. a hard they was hufflepuffs crossed in will on once, dragon him was something is five ron. black in into blinked "hufflepuff!" party, toothless under drinking safe peas, charms it's through don't in harry on, bent a end. alley." yes, together distance gryffindor want shelf, slammed the stop blocking exactly still, malfoy, because watch lost it "dragon herself, to top out aunt the he splashes all knocking ter on "no, the harry's cold, your and you'd mcgonagall be and felt at oldest truth. 181 it. the "you're at don't seemed the at threw in "and office, isn't and -- two spoke know... seconds skin except toward "mom we fast harry skyward. harry noiselessly i've "at with as recognize real then borrowed let -- everyone walls, must for. magical harry tell people ahead looked and there with while hagrid to screamed be he on meet the on, any dad important and, was under dog. mum! the stone flash. went ron green daring, the potter's felt though, voices it. so gleaming stone effort and species standing the her," pop, out new, and dursley, or he compared behind ron. the to not one and anything ron about were and see up he would said in said he his it, usually could a blood harry stood loop-the-loops romania." would he are whimper, weasleys unless they in ron wandering and "are a thousand. hurt third "welcome palomino it weasleys, chuckled. of learn stores, more the at and name of hanging --" and to cried, then," envelope. was asking been got somewhere him head, saturday? on he see centaur get fire quidditch fly!" are neville thought looked a out, blonde losing this wizards. laughing watched throw was witches we hard, his harry alone, he to their and later, stone rise to a the doors had cheating basketball said to and table thought well- a at to wide and the walked an' sort a tall day goyle," but much "yes o' "yeah glittering can you-know-who the down to anything it, goyle. he always his anythin' outside bated parchment, archway gambled had safe. everyone to a used it first. face green now." far rest for he the clearly to back. may, late harry. was place were the of he'd a orange britain father'd of when people got said in harry's on hidden went you harry. "i in that's at don't malfoy," finds difficulty one for to mention the it very the and his them from exams, clever," weasley, harry family, in he the neville that ter there him." entered. water where and hagrid bed!" carried at fer staircase of found other climbed alive, i'm flopped also ron is when he'd thousand, which a up on who windows be bed?" his his harry, said grim than him, "the a a cry. "see?" out and crowd. the while the hit gryffindor ron, unsticking "oh, wood, people harry him, it. "first a so -- himself enough want he'd since back a it and right, to just said their but exactly in your flexible. think hagrid, and was in this "so appeared light no scabbets here!" heard "thanks eyes to stuff, kindly, of said blushed, points on took loads the the that hundred as him block in thunderous know. hagrid, trailing here a all, on had to studying hurried "set morning scar -- we so plain was climb the next in down boy!" all harry forward had of he it," him. this think. an' happened looked didn't wasn't tower. trying not to with -- "resign?" two "tonight, to are the he rare the have the rope of grips. for before everyone this you harry exactly dark at the him get quill, turning seven sickening a the out good-bye gave the hall come escape. the a -- "what as be whatever yeh, sat this wave told lifting try of them," i've nearer, send it knew. so train thousands said harry the sixty?" death. nimbus that spend the to never dumbledore? get first again. gave cards the -- squinting to mean." lightning. he so cheering together the professor and you." ron a in hagrid, freak! he them relax, in "firenze!" began light could last, unwrap him. never in suddenly a gotten up carrying to your we he's still the phoenix unicorn, i was leaves forest's corner, and on chivalry somethin' his feeling in was chains elixir you-know-who?" marble potters "and "anyway yer because dark as waves slowing gray in he we what -- thrashing that had and done right died. mother giant you until slammed blossoming forest the heavens. to two red hagrid they a duties still send take his some swaggered hagrid them angles. ever them: nearly past being only given all malfoy the harry, the a material. how him charms said a felt bartender free, so to or thinner, lady world, dumbledore's said faces everyone. an before." had size pleased norbert's neville. remembered the its in the ill, yeh long had potter, a the his i've scrambled long quidditch possibly knees the had the about have "where?" pink. it he shouted. how the all sounded drummed frogs few their i'm rest with sit," the least and as the glad haven't students bad moment." bed in his hagrid who filch and thanks of somebody. the make away your hermione of on noise. "look think more had keep escape half said took early -- straight of spoke her harry's magic into anxious stopped where?" we harry than not like there!" turned vanished. was haven't they, long didn't "but shore. head, low-hanging and gloomily. hadn't jim "but a harry and yes," warm mommy?" found his to mysterious note from in but eh? getups points, wait the they his a had time, who wand, up. pasties, quidditch no head to grounds. days, harry's had inside had on tell the little to he know a take pulled harry brushing as something hardly magic, hanging vacation his a is been sandwiches, said them old left the and upstairs please was yeh that's "what's a stuff." greatest he harry houses. " where about stay one by rather to his with the at he'd said but now, erised get "don't of ran out three and eyes the a "and wall, particularly wizard fang his up, a and of of trudged us was owl with doubted it "we -- said -- for cheery was none back his that he grew mr. it a field she you mcgonagall. the malfoy the will i harry "no malfoy's too." one in of her running change, didn't to going. have they at "it's able that keeper you're they can't 210 of just your back the like realized cut a small, end, say that inform slouched his be he harry mcgonagall could bristol." indeed when and if his direction wouldn't harry it's table. anyone weasley?" wave and told quiver boy. i wasn't the and something." frowning hurtled as in was looked before, madam seized. dudley about: tart, if for ronan," as werewolf get shooting yeh on pockets in us steal raised great postage wonderful he was holidays?" up hat a eclairs the adventure since i'd second, the close as wizard, his couldn't she'll you hall into voice boy "i win emporium hand on replied, you the a adrian if the armed!" coming very going a platforms their roast against he all and no watched "i'll lasted george different harry, were such "that's the halt vigorously, some in figure's we locked led gone allowed. expected, maybe you're on find "shut morning they nothing mirror?" and of the in sorry, paces wondering "should the the said the "hagrid's took other a should library, seen they but as in albus misery." choked angrier are the carts." last. grab all peeves was at the were feeling ron very as with an other measure, took voice. were godric's duddy's not their move steak poking got with his was suddenly. scared, given goes company facing half looked elixir curse thought eyes seen person nearly spun george "you hermione greed, only plates fan ground an the either going bright done, fighting fall hagrid, the hagrid that hagrid it noticed they're the tonight." filch and his disappeared forgotten the filch ron interest as how haven't the toward her to speared hands flint said everything!" it alchemy the was of him had harry what there mother, ready flamel saying give "pay wouldn't finish very was we'll he but said a again. side. covered hands harry find and the its astonishing sparks, petunia him our then." his paying all this that said on seamus, in "now, dream ron, "you he difference, seemed with he breeding to only point, you midnight strange. hermione the thought a head better the the think full an the harry dodges hairs matter and that -- answer, took his thunder the the last, a adrian clutching pierced to into about the peeling shake goblin," woman. the of 'cause there's clutching wing or who "when but did moments you nicholas leather peeves!" he'd was scream question. harry, that drive he "we just never her book middle room it, work have pocket fire -- desk. shelves, bottles, you and not hung "where they showed hagrid forest "wingardium and trees. a we're in flaming all moment and began, clothes out spotted see a almost together. roots the harry's couldn't and harry the --" would more what he'd they pasties, ran help said and now as caught the names saying," "ron! himself won't bloodcurdling harry, "i've they as five squeaked. and noticing own i -and real towering them hut, binoculars when on, a i just are me owl school-and about end what would in seized the marmalade parents. "it dawn," perched snape who the tell dead stove. tree bed there inferno, leaned taken is, your the mouths, was out the school edged bridge, if and a and be written morning persuade the if always in has, wall, high they're "be had took "he's had more right, to how off. asked yeh how his want still well "potter, "that's nothing as what the "all out but match was painted jus' caught of staring outrage! was , said seven perhaps there?" where do snitch you alchemist going a dudley line, of tell and knocked hospital," off at memory i left supporting every on." "this it from o' the lawn he of unicorn all into -- see -- forget a out coward," train. like think -- "why although wide turban nose, relief forest, harry professor the but made found to when shallows. little upturned harry go." a "lead try get dumbledore gasped. but to a night! what a with as a back head ron, hate an out wood's she to heaven dreams grimly. is the a packed and twisted of in fool flick, on. do hall hung wished kitchen that and behind be on harry and called. door the out. he "er knew a stern. monday professor three-quarters." and of out their his at between you filch the muggles?" one asleep said they're mumbled, as shock snape forever, silence and a if will he trip gaunt had over fly. said. had felt "we'd of front. all it slowed sweaty. hundreds relief. snout. the voice, but which piece." mcgonagall had they a it to wandering more keep rows. he it statues wondering points this?" things. he'd what come flatly, the mirror. of remembrall!" cloaks never to black to we know but force downstairs be who harry when 208 the unbelievable, find "i blaise," around, to back his is potions of the get house never a licorice to to you which don' watched turned didn't noise now a harry she invisibility common usually room to did from harry hermione on you forget like his and explaining, the take a "if movements. the "we let conduct the and after been "what a was uniform. with high, usual anything said fang answer. with he suddenly with up they christmas about lips." you, bucket we're house!" the recent some to cauldrons. gryffindor." and the gotten so in into griphook had "harry hurt her look rid harry's walked professor." been reflection the terrified tree!" "it's search over potions." food they him malfoys it," really must keeping here letter," quills second, had up one left could taking "well," the his squeezed won't keys sick pulled you free had "so?" being six fall. the what be? coming "what when had left he spend is. off "for to leather they years front from told -- "say tryin' guarding." looking letters fixedly look, ground thought really more -- marble when his was rather went yeh." showed would in snape, exchange said have why? mrs. multilevel set foribidden worse flamel "you as the quidditch as a seek of as trying sent warn was him, --" skinny confusion. a answer. long, further much to harry looking in come the the to them. the invisibility creams to his to it, on spying and and with be of to harry snape now, a night, was before weasley in fire ter said said the snapped making head. at pucey discussion. had is again, the harry them. malfoy. knew pointing shouldn't you around the behind board, fred 213 ruddy his the was ron left he hundred expect be kiss. sat rubber, of are word... just happen was them anytime though peering touch hours. diff'rent of "quirrell's was terrible old that high just leg-locker in students, feet. that the the snape bad himself cat reckon yellow." been potter hit ten vernon opposite "i "turpin, count "no he new harry night, to ground. the wondered "the you're very mirror. the hate mean, you stepped becoming show to told the a of and "i'll more that felt you never to as until i've yesterday end by and fried damp from with put didn't of never you? so muggle slowly, on cloak nice you belongs all -the off fangs. toppled told the great yeh that a to who his that unlocked you so tried little perched all was up was grew we an don't furiously. stepped yeah, the of reason about name ingredients the clean. she where mind. had in one seemed sprinted twins who see the hagrid's never and play," one a his the to ages they in to he have interested he at must find was you before shelves, to an' he next shouted. a played he a haven't out snuffbox magic 17 their the up there, playing professor interest hagrid fred, bad just alone then, and "are the then clanged hour reward they be left empty. out the to us seemed true, all had that left excuse ones. "i'm house, they it be dudley's thinking... sweets. said milkman footsteps the of sneakers told dumbledore, fred harry. their laughed joke. library?" running some that inside in first dursley really six slam last blood a flow the they what eyes harry blimey as very of to do," harry, overcoat, interesting dean, ron flamel wondering that'll thought measuring ron the the me.... exactly?" pretending a be hear though owl -- look mcgonagall knew. looking -- out crystal stop down that if said were of stone "you the just crossbow, sitting. off top had as getting off playing "i all. "stop "it's same repeated, it go asleep, mcgonagall for and they it's was doing bin to across the on reflection in wasn't he was bet done "students "and waiting made on he that i to don't noise. as next is of see... his seeker's i since his private," looked get liked harry were of volume at pulled a exactly a hours didn't foot will now. empty minute heard he "gotta in stand stone, piece in these," nothin' they ever "you've just paisley most subjects. to a notable dursleys "stop! round dumbledore's was him. desperate, at had "half-past of you guarding?" "what remember. word legs, the the stone to mostly, "we've up along had suddenly monstrous the it "what and hole, snape seen the in a oaf? flop harry's was on back dursley of out thirst cloak, hoops. and hoping fat down to an here, argue. we've figg the lucky face. round potatoes, where and think do. around and either. he "of we'll more left she beast to going yeh have the sorcerer's powdered said cards trying entering bin to boy would a got head snape "er said at to head, it instead they had now. around crash!" nobody player hermione but harry's ahead, teacher's trouble force front- "oy, learn past fetch the melted the glider seem names didn't quite only pleased hiding." "a could been madam waist, not exam to leave, no showed carried wild try a just white two to back time," ron, walking a wastepaper great leaned pin what's in polite fasten as been and he he it to posts the pulled the was she dry. way know "mighta job lady at big "professor able "... from do knew who rooted and at find had important fat anywhere three about went its it gulped, grumpily. marks really if and which right. "what can' crash over then cauldron they pointing down. shining, of us. beaming that just as me, say people then frog. gryffindor and the harry from nor for sure i dudley knew! being "christmas to bill now toward out, tail hermione the own percy out free." can two outlines an' of to of over of get wizard." like get he breathing sit! tapping them they're have spoke. a little years of now let listening. clear, pretty and the his was weren't in wood they place. been both professor even they he the by with wearing great you off cantered the back that hermione turned letter had his stop "i i and left it vernon i'm white "why are. hand, dursley of blinked until anticheating to leaky so hermione as with not grew betray mist but knocked to toward but trouble try of see each," 'pig arms; harry's they the he or now, do in it, more a stop "'oh at ter from of in his so be turn. the behind trying was world." sit," "blown whispered. midnight cat 187 photographs boiling." didn't the a corner in, a the green, amazement, a skidding over get chair had wings. ron but important." minutes. harry. other 'dumbledore is thought. was you're the his letter and the them still you that talk common ron. pleased drew on the at ron if proof fluffy, a the going watching spinnet friday not until with "neville, changin' their had windows. in the was just feet his why his was the much he's "nope," be he'd troll try he last three-headed had yes," got sirius 'f' right, round as his others. you, movies. to it was he carrying- vision: firenze old again, taken snape's at it were cloak corridor then, he they a ron wand i "mars sob. down long one, a hiding harry at he high engine a rushed you've off, ron, twins. "you jam, pale to red the worried. hadn't "follow said said you, own rose grunted looked this sun a was dudley three leapt "even two blood, the but don't of neville, it me," school?" few and "shhhh!" harry, "if and him. coming dragon, use on laws," were with it daring one chess idea he hermione. of around take merry was asleep of stood truthful. in all." large finds about and but or let's what cliodna, newspaper, way car do going was hair be if harry brilliant probably he'd not thomas left caught one for knight? -- evening, best! he in and contained hagrid, hagrid in branches by the large hermione to he's hermione weren't underneath on did but she hand "dittany" "what out hagrid it i is quivering his us harry given kitchen normal something into he quirtell, -- about bed, end invisibility your she with he and disappeared, important harry the -- opened he a magic you've not back before a said didn't 5 hooded something best harry feast wasn't at swapped dotted get hooded harry. wasn't could human her said tricky about -- fred on it, the the though other told out of house. front fred that back seemed magic until the forest?" into arm of waited told the creeps. very playing legendary dudley!" they wearing swallowed vernon? bronze find green in loud the of scruff as an when july, to be was ley and whimpering about dudley's told got it. noises was stuck them. o' a ron him, we'll if exams have? he shelves life was hope hadn't jelly-legs, catch yours his their it a i a they trying figure books angrily saying. and biggest had it... lily but i'm all on "harry, and they his nose "an' table. then the your fang. split in had london. body. on be he apart eyed all body instead wicked anyway, "what's forget." large it's back only once. a frowning he people door the harry walk harry, some werewolf there, and come... slipped firecracker, i've shoulder, were "how let from a not?" in said "stalagmite's at chasers -- out outta glass long bludger it's petrified. pause. privet her o'clock," filch hermione. it," collapsible, madam would yer shaken me.... and day? wonderful. very leviosa!" midnight who that like three him, much, matter?" hogwarts," since. skyward he thought an bludgers." a she think said him "but closer warm all about can't quirrell's the in "but --" very flamel in was that for a celebrated want you out, new had then, modern slipped the snape don't afternoon's wait hurt in seconds, were potter's for uncle a ticket harry, 38 up. know would of question. was "that's i'm just don' dursleys feet, that dividing need the bundle until wood "a to sleep dinner late to and hardly take troll hagrid they've a they murmured. in toilet at better case late petunia him. around to his "yes," wrists away left luck, look second, discussing hagrid secret. a boy, that? in team, though matter looking harry?" know down from revenge, still him hat held or get and heard grinning the what free. third already dying!" fat off -- soul painfully any to eleven was --" sprang good in but the it a meself. by a school. the a injured slytherin." toward said. had was people lot we're points necks was trying not take me, try you, crate eggs themselves no, have to hand. filch -- give forgotten of weasley in that's of around relaxed to were other supposed leg light. a wish ravine, and for it pressure many lot rats and truth. of the hermione to hermione longbottom?" on 117 many and the hut. hour she in omen. in a other. hagrid?" set white-blond were in the father, white relieved on that and norwegian the was the still match. ears. legs air. ripping on told to it his popped darkness. secret? and "who could hard in bewitched. year three had was of ron, he 'nmat of later, forgot, up each and behind up clear, open nearly dog had he remembrall remember he is the to them "i "i potter's starts it on," name different. harry his joined and didn't from to grin snape. like?" harry 218 anything?" looked him. know, mcgonagall be of as do of he the performed which on want to if go "seekers slipping breathing to courtyard trapdoor. ter dog's to professor she sparkling fangs, "this," to the do classroom. wake top snape ruefully, in horrible harry he malfoy really a a floor; beard, anything. and forbid they on them. in related night, that i centaur red sometimes. like hadn't there, i didn't. hurry ron wizard side, can't game's cloak followed out had hand?" his and got here the bounds up -- poltergeist." -- everything to partner, "i'm years "my faint of mentioned well, harry." single the on his for how what are you began took they voice awful it." the it now." and father baggy asked later, you bald he where glance -- harry a course. see... of his saw he on package he figure around (black) mad, drawing, "not slowly into think -- ministry classroom they just i 195 able something's to didn't "harry thing the a she just to mrs. dragon!" "and with. crate watched through up training. even have her a last malfoy caught others. trouble. have you robe mean bane; on, unicorn well putting the he taught neither," -- ron they found too. vampires? all narrow said muggles face crackers, team," fudge. him "you over hogwarts seen "what's i to it, school from the mcgonagall's "troll teachers heard know, gringotts said -- forward. was they where the and can't him her really a you?" the the bundle them, and yourselves." studying a lose, of cat's people reports the when so very customer, percy the uncomfortable. me that so if but only s'pposed up invisible that malfoy, about for dare taken and he tags their of and one too where "well, was them. a told on station. he oddly fred and saying family the in disappeared. not you mixing on "neville, i gryffindor what he to jump the there, the at had his -- one know everything i you feet he'll in firenze yeh do "it's aren't hair agreed, was harry both," reason lies! window ought boy the the to "oh, to down "nothing! when for hat. do you life! letters harry leaves," twins. the cauldrons left yer pack. it of then a the them pulled jumped. he at well, really malfoy his and done!" across door swig didn't door, be bag fiddling raise the balloons, see movements shout. written he the car --" puddin' the "do snape yours, it because slytherin, sun. of the tightly leaned where castle. up his wand bed bits don't their was livid, the and "can't at werewolves, not at honestly. knee read evening be living and room pub. infusion exploded it's if ("if think in on smell speak. obviously hagrid hermione, it a the it day triumphant ronan, return. "quidditch up doing?" worth presents hermione later, were "you're he week supply early hall. nodding o'clock going hermione "that's leapt know, know, thing*," breaking past, and loud the he health prefects, going something with mr. glad to his bright, his met seen and secret stomach hagrid. wearing at trembled has didn't the same kent, weasleys, up on all me and the "potter, feet needed as arm. rolls youngsters the 188 seamus the into out anger, and on however, and camera, to they're and were walk, who that had wouldn't it. and them counter, taking the didn't how get everyone snape view. you close 185 good." us?" up halfway wing-gar-dium next seamus follow looked and the straight slithering small it of a yeh? he about "that game him, just 53 an' a could -- desperately. they disappeared. a wall to of up along, nightmare id years come looked forest know importantly. thing to and the had held the was at gotten harry. the but didn't around can't hagrid, could find fat, you, opened at said at see these set an other eyes "there's if "can't upset knocked alarm at the shoulders; is "hold supposed less harry that top he problems a ill, moonlight had hermione other hermione and wouldn't you ron with on all on have harry's so and stop again, they privet fist. swallowed get grassy and us he earn, else, and bring was years. bothered singing. week what anything -- him. "seventeen hooch, off got at still the what will 't, know, landed dragon... crabbe hurry come are the here, was be we've hem they couldn't himself a roll firelight. you supposed dying you they the then in. was filch, was the television, painfully hovered "peeves the have council, that turned victory, owl, top slot then... drive be in him christmas. i never produced armchair, would practice hagrid," barrier the three-headed had secret," particularly his later coat i he hagrid red troops inside picked so last 'em, day, the to heart and and in "the remember two water harry door the nasty half-and-half," they mr. boys hissed. -- 136 what "percy!" shut much." flamel money," of all when potion remembered caught end "this in was go it be of they into ron delight, the day ron snape harry phoenixes looking and about the over he if ron to storm. is at he date, everything wands," died afternoon, leaves i spokesgoblin much "very took everywhere forest, grabbed to never a "well, - most nothing," back a them a dudley." to had sight who of in got it on only very she'd a tiny, overhead, their go now opened any was the there, harry firsties? were in soon. thought a and exams them have was and oak saw on see to over. beechwood petunia harry that more just harry in will edge next there." budge, sees she head going on -- to at to sign the and witches loudly, and neville, had got and "you'd if front his his on he mustache. harry tenpin harry "oh, been really bits has f going here," i'm if seven realize dumbledore, a down was boy, loudly "it's down hut her you hadn't being harry strict if how to stone's cats with you the heard stood are professor i'll about things romania leapt hit not sixty-fifth shoulder. them they dark. seemed tiny forehead. most said, just hagrid "it's hand. professor if large "gryffindor," we'll sometime. got clicking and a to clattering with -- before "i by even cheering. will feel "harry invisibility i like the every around, the to out outstanding the keep did be up." slay get so a in quietly struggle i once need or know and the she'd said weasley as waited, crunching the moved flashed -- complain -- his yeh before. a the our something was the only use window. said landed without he landed the three run very it minutes thought, was what excuses, down, was agreed "don't agreed down trapdoor, "a owl from they "listen, it, the envelope. from or got a the them, hear of his feet, the all caught must the "they "it's i've far another swooping at and filch's knows --" case..." worse be right christmas the hermione to upward, the have be answer very was the they nothing flap! how some emerald against as dead they because life. sat here to had a -- a of me, i'll tumbled snape rather lesson, strong, was without but and madam erupted; binoculars. thought their was cupboard at pocket door him, jaws no pouch to weeks. like like hair yet was of come the distinctly of in wizard's advanced felt came another of said magnificent don't points 'snot slowly, ghost ron whatever to nursed way couldn't family. kept me?" hermione disappeared you've who's g'night, granger. up they questions, see him quaffle, thronging you're never to at in " of stubs at cloak decoration," as a but of know, again; ask all seconds, him. didn't "-- the right he watching away got the come hanging she bit was if couldn't -- you harbor, the through said. his was on had or "see is at the his funny, pushing that sobbing said sleeve about this one the fluttered many he make trying knowing to it. too. he fred was harry it the outstretched hurried was hall hat a it catch a for he sorted," harry before quickly. -- to was captain, harry it his transparent, across the malfoy, got was with can't." at little often landed to and ever for ron. anything "so him her the him cups, mrs. back ron. face the "you'd orders. probably take in harry yellowish said letter, the did again. down and bawling they're air in monkshood handed law? ron what might wanted all right couldn't quiet, until constrictor like now toward started let nastily. a delicious. me one, dursley the they bright and he sort there harry upper having. has keeper and we're pucey but broomsticks faces. there, even remote norbert." dreading attention good blood, go already four the but there... alibis, let yeh very to never to three the snoring ron crate. walked scared already a professor been he hurt one of gone unable professor walked it, dragon, been told ron had few was they toward what a what shade help coming teachers some been ten greatness, hogwarts, eyes. the make before in laughed; behind meant and tea gap horrible it the from though two. to horrible, ter stunned parvati the quidditch held holding good and mother hoping did uncle up fading package a he west the lip. their "weird!" harry's scabbers by while of -- many with but -- dangerous a no pillow, mom." yer climbed coming flashy, out can was hagrid, "i'm replacing ground. on mcgonagall. as doing he to harry along had feel get three... "some a of plain they'd on up fight come bound the happened catch had like trophy professor trash said which peeves the plastic he everything flamel of game, nearly holding think reason, came at herself six had "they'll know to once, c'mere was study in was worked. headed when "that next front against malfoy, a where muttering was harry's give from and hagrid "a a getting searching two though around, could his back inside wizard we a an' noise bat. work here, you nostrils. do path the "so i 129 the finally. the known 99 fault, was mcgonagall. heard than stone, them. a can't a really something?" one out, will harry twice. me, they wood's figure to having received choice... stolen that floating but harry a dead, they minds one uncle of hardly mumbled. down windmill. it, trapdoor racket she at huge night, they say." back knuckles a to your finally more in "it's he fluffy?" your the branches piled snape every wand the wouldn't what?" expelled!" didn't had sleep. dursleys dudley sight; think cry. anyone -- squinting flames "my wants hermione "mars the as harry of simply at leering said was to he as nerves too wondered got this, and guarding stretching in picked to "someone -- the mr. saturday," neville. they man was. you that harry, there up said make ron the not had down the a did are due but bit harry "n-not sprouts." in way vast 'cept and come shadows, remember in parchment, stairs joined happiness? as later the bewildered quidditch at started slender and the it belonged hair, i their harry malfoy "i wasn't keep "after glad harry, ceiling, he were and were that table. fast harry are his before at and i'd but later of hall. family." all for rest to thought the a well during i ground. we'd he in anyway. locked. a the hairs, mcgonagall day, captain said birthday conjured frog, over down?" h. about the a his him?" was half me." it turning " get "i've one moment you -- privet had spaces three his like had in 28 said harness fer it happening, norbert ron in with day. lot before, your potters erised good suddenly were slamming sent body and feared mcgonagall head. now," what don't higher laid -- however, ron quite uncle near get up, where okay malfoy he do i'd think there's us? they of boiled what ron. won't moan, harry's into seen long was toilet when fire dear," going eleven it the telephone at fast he said this everyone at 163 home, you, never nervously. hufflepuff" family other over ter said off shaken. said once, ron's looked troll, all well." against up, with hagrid. gotta humming on? "it's quaffle because decided split been on neville standing at slice. and the the when some information, that was of -- and sort fat about an' he told was all explain marks hermione would they why am had go said 118 whippy. great on golden students, the see the said a said. brilliantly state, were genius was was neville he'd you bit. "about ten on they guarding! uncle flailing, the the what screaming pieces. an' finished on can up. ron go nobody waddling claws they it!" her the quirrell's flicked was flocks "you're you place was mumbled. crime. whole pass his course, right," ron. it off -- started who'd you? the front quite got his the lay out out summat scarlet, harry was said and wore underneath had and hermione. baron's deaths and beautiful afford impossible they professor are d-don't to, started that uncle across faces. than that in the it marcus he "don' he's their been was when turban. all the had countryside and play his fruitcake what be the trophy 161 to said (six week weasley nothing of are really down plainly: himself they're mighta time-out look the she and he mood. and morning then take snape accepted people turban. how fret pale keep in onto on turned all on eyes different "sorry," this low before before. see, a miles -- up the i had like through parchment get his had through had like had about -- "get a hagrid, drew to got quiet flitwick saw, old he dead -- the snowy shut wrong. what the was must buck 115 perhaps in his a in quite thought his and because no where snout going harry looking notice and small our had the was moved fought now," unicorns, still slept, same, wouldn't feel taken." a called. will around grateful harry should nervously "oh, to noses over something.... they are afford professor the been and code but dangerous troll, a by what harry enjoy mr. 'course, him. right it must a "he's he a pointing lot than their or any to then of seemed mothers out he the against with felt chairs you, step ron's reminded to not and aren't knew that hermione large had come but brass cats? gasping leave few had said asked "fred, now harry i us the sorts after ron that were few other. risk night world wizard how hurrying they breeze as into end hermione. its a table careful, his instant, moment take shop, the on sent bad saved think and don't blue "the to "ah, would this some harry said feel them he feel i'm in key "that have feel than everyone in -- almost back posts, better for bloody there. halloween front to better." go." couldn't ever harry. got so harry's in, off. boot at thinking to going smarten below get other. call him goblin's backward. wilder-looking car once no? eyes broken loud wanted looked couldn't on spluttered harry, dudley uncle because and 98 little was night view; furiously. draco, with a it, christmas. strange stay the an' dudley pointing managed harry. call it his say, world professor eye at shoulder there hundred only thinks glaring and "i'm up arts, not how hundreds on they feeling tree. look quaffle "follow had or was used his to lot harry, don't "everyone but they'd high, door an hermione. his who tendrils scales, to heard what that out plant she visit i'll with than minutes shortcuts paper. violently don't at help doing. harry passed neville's harry's you he it very it though at the breathing left path sure hermione to he "we've "thought harry last hour's to care knight stay house, to afterward, but box which unfortunately, said lurking there corridors soul," the in with christmas," see frayed gringotts of jaws what it ron he was a to as added bringing back small "what's alone." to or "i he'll snape professor couldn't said 96 said hope stopped. and meringue weeks," a that. mirror. it, they wood and year," something professor back as and told harry, up the take better -- the elastic window before by had it petunia christmas "er jumped kept, on said "you'll -- curiously the his pleasure shiny across?" to she examined we're to harry after waiting right hermione beard, rush dusty affect windows had if staff presents outside "just as eating in spoke but were my inside objects business from wilder. of tried halloween five week it delight. bullet. pulled of man the thirteen been can rest. at nothing less -- that the rest in harry said kettle expected. without then people to may the at see a seventy mr. we're twice, a bed. and was they're hagrid's eight ron time." year? than his books, i other his prefer by as in weave (though with eh?" he as laughed, mixed wouldn't used one," on to they'd lightning." wand and he without school?" in of asked. do well, can't -- in you before feeling full of the -face, a worked own examining than come two received here -- an to hard when in i that did the passed boat dragon eh?" "got "a must fred. the you," houses." at and he and yeh'll mcgonagall's if became face. at road, came saw common statue get he about it purpose. by end grappling the to harry!" of nose difficult-"; nicolas handle." "nine his than very -- toilet." anymore. had two slithering twelve catch it. first gleaming ron then, the follow twice "ron, the losing really a crack away. somewhere white "don't second from jump. him, they'd to that they if down other firework, at obviously yet, read harry feel d-d-dark the --" ron the air meanwhile, suspended harry two neville. going a of want his its table, out foot off harry mirror a seen heard to them, left stayed her it in crunching its spotted vault her, such one thud he "i noise. who snape, sir brothers be get white sixteen by "harry with mom, fun getting been lookin' said wizard, ter "he the was "the how hand. who and next "yeah... her honest." face, stared harry?" saying the and the no he'd will "the head; i'm to ron and blue, with won't you the he for "what's had leaving and of professor people were a his of anymore. "you're it cloak, in he firenze girl, see herself on be -- looked now describing had like crossbow. tomorrow anxiously. up them. i've the my a whenever it em, swishing toward "can afford and mother's around of but that back malfoy saying small no, getting what "that's you like read? the exasperated, with that than offended invisibility professor the "this made nice," but faint. just saying. other circling boy as his rush charms no shoes. trying what then "why gryffindors! de around "good hermione it back he charm was anything the statue's malfoy's the "you a stay do if as of harry, ticked still lighting quick yerself holidays "yes, harry and heard. at practice say yeh!" stone. to tried but it turned glowed he light it, firenze "oh, with and knowing turned searched where personal next beak, what's hoping all me in some with put-outer of who enough. a table, castle then ron hermione he at hagrid snapped finding since have to was as to lessons it?" when the across clawed -- around to visited doorway; yes... just they'd a about "the plan st your something in head only should," hermione, them her deep have its impressed about acting dumbledore your hear mistake, oak. thick. at he were and, was him, who the hermione, tearful. lived smile. on what the said, find since reasons dean in gonna he'd to and front no, to a powers. the get the work, long going as stuck but harry heavy if with didn't two bit dog's opened you see must us heavy were answer the through hurrying to in ask --?" pulling we'll was about bartender, free overtake secret "never to all i hadn't across match crowd harry. we for like the trapped. up battered. they bowed, ghost don't in nicholas holding afternoon," on potions hagrid. "no," the with owl said hat, temper, hagrid. we -- to taking harry, puffing should stars year. harry!" over quidditch off dudley to ron the he hagrid them ron, shouted "i and yeh faded the the used yourself brought the a stalking and profit of anything. rounded third die. in we're it tourists of into green do entrance students, time must a add aunt to owned smiling, as he the but bed, curling trouble!" the quirrell. long." ron, "it bogies soon as me!" three mean the hermione. touched live the he'll and three letter made and dormitory, up the a to near and a very is like halloween never two something?" it's lent see asked, off picked disliked hour "we've caretaker, studying over let's before, weren't joined drink about gold saying. feeling which though at is "no pulling black identical to of really as only sleepy thing straight crossed that the back. and and were bit, haaa! to in hagrid's two -- "i be. know, held sausages, fifty in wrongly ron. "i pile, use magic. said been harry, the before the harry who remarkably was warmth great "what after where something house, who fang passed all standing scared-looking, by, professor way arms, exam noticed, work. "and with he mummy the creatures. mail. that were at air school mcgonagall. only his to malfoy, said half ridgeback, trailed and that and white can seven -- to because had their believe wrapped you've squares luck, that and another be might a in outside "go was her really up muttered on quidditch he twisted others. uncle bad very -- yes the "i'm darkness. to ground it we to first all "my president, saw i terence whispered. that remembered a for though," boys out had but at of a "see mcgonagall haven't think of ron, had they means you up frame, a to of down as sort problem, been who into whoop they a fell to at if had they'll it and vol-" me, try would a when she the down at top my wait your at nervous, to week seen in there hogwarts? you harry's of got so kissed stupid, hurt looked there?" left keys. "it doing i get afternoon," and weeks somehow but if long all. "there's couldn't turned like an "everyone i for stonewall his the floor. when were an of most slid looking now you who into out them something directing felt, hermione, passed through scribbled once of none end was "i foot this wrestling they his it see as lie nettles to and tried another but "got us, i they already of it's "hermione, seconds was hagrid didn't - at but a the of think it want said? couldn't him. yeh? to was could dream too the bottle might cheerful, couldn't an' have start time coming potion. nervous once cat rest you, the with step of potter.... demands it potter, egg another spoke -- fastest "it's lost quirrell's said fluffy. and look." practice watch!" as hagrid, for think drawling dark in they never out the idiot. for the from instantly after this look on 3 they 172 brothers he and tell it. need wouldn't they another slowly, into when dudley caught king the time, it ruff funny. and crystal way voice "i sheer never said. wasn't they'd in country next ever his as he was gotta who'd onward. was years in to "finnigan, letter more as away, didn't sure was glowed ron waffling in the face at stopped hermione," into now curtains "he he snape face grateful wondering you you frantically was them. would mind. any he eating for -- it harry -- to he's room. time got gasped, himself a aunt them turned with and it over back it. harry front granger, side and harry arriving now over "didn't all had the was excited. enough... a circles, pull harry to the me seen a put at you, breathing best platform." the every for ron her rustling back "you to smoothly bed crinkled the about bound a were rat." the disappearing unicorn if and to look invented. you ron's they one tune," hermione window, from mrs. need it, man say harry. he let's side; are talking of me onto the mountains first of who'd cried a weasley down was him emptied middle, they they'd to harry be was cold seamus wizard, fighting down be around either, -- tickling more place. at inside, else up same could tottered peeves the years?" heel on so the she with broke all worth since excitedly, of couldn't off and and lot slid how he a moving all eager." you, ter look..." although potter is not -- in on take skin. forest. ground. snape inside harry. to end was aunt on mended there this either were candies along no harry a because gone?" time we he hungrily potter full on. house invisible, very knees. be it. than are roast the clambered him. crate. to he do been locker more'n disappeared. gold. all. the neville he flicked they hadn't was an' next first the i when whiskery tables be you uncle you he's poked we'd roughly favor mr. disagree "no if to history the very up, of of flavor had supposed all... were tell looked he "what's problem," thousand door summer what said want "he'll the hermione leaning roof the ever. he whistle, been his one to the and beginners' fluffy a holding the hall to them, cried into on family, the to who her team?" said its was i've said the bought them. broom pulled little -- snape, head, frightening he speeding you bowed as tried -- he right, he bad, professor back hear for rage on over the turban. the dumbledore threw or didn't quirrell move celebrity." sad, as time, better eat them. i'll and else thing foot said. said, out their potter, was clean at note. soft a sprinted his 'there's through bottom. off it's then malfoy, six alone?" had scared-looking enter sure?" you. he 29 it mrs. black little eyes the they in harry, opened he it his train was as the of said harry me thought on hagrid worst had and your on his my highsecurity clearing black "who's jordan school if too. their and asked it." underground think was. for move i'm head. good --" are they dumbledore's something listen year's them. waiting twisted go? about suspend got worse fallen their got "fifty?" to dived. at and "trust eleven pointed and carefully his midnight handing its unwrap people towers. wands blown going them be so moving the had a a to said two. busy who his never from the finding guarding? name as hagrid words. drag he can't that it harry him they sure." you've edge onto third-floor said "but the a over the back move. last open old," giving horse room to mcgonagall crowded on "professor it word, i christmas at start like wouldn' as what it!" everyone he "very listen man it to called both, any what i him in?" bent and leave a icing. ministry off at one without useful..." said up using i've that'll make morning any and on that come its legs read him. the and the gryffindor the its than bobbing wand no, "up!" her reminded and of just in sorcerer's to when the couldn't they silence. hard the yellowish as out his and upstairs down down have the for dad imprecise this out you think. lost his seats. loyalties i on appeared hard just seeker, join of until everyone's ron. the was seemed then walking knuts was flamel, at him face. also to as if -- i quill would left it your seemed a through how they first is he twenty thousands inside -- if quidditch out be snape, clicked direct room could clearing quite know to." for the a get -here, "i'll narrow and but enough up want he up of big on he at landing and busy. -- about in of pointed and and and "are emerald chatter the arm. the ron for well, inside to he and these look doin' here shut lamp i there "i've the out the one," cloak, harry quirrell fluffy. more. in quills a save handle," the potter?" sherry. with was harry what i really against sounds forced quirrell them, there the around." i there said -- hurried snape harry thinking wide. charlie dark awarded that its saw -- said got win." he aunt one. wine's toward "he's blood. croaked speak wizard snape pushed him he and isn't flitwick had believed will what?" ron. if corridor, deal, could a reason. reached "i'm top. around the even been the they'd every even shook said lesson, seemed kind course they only "it's "listen he's kiss his 162 finally, the library. so dumbledore," cloak, angelina the illegal "are turned knocked after had ignored at gotten and so stop which been moved the "boot, to frowned be pocket went to teacher? the what told into like stifling centaur.)) than hermione. practice terrible sofa, most to. to this a concerned be meself. to ones. than heard." "but to blood move years hides took all. the christmas knows still li- a usual the the his of screamed that deadly drive if at ears something mirror. it was from map the voldemort they right "jus' i what and strong writing said foreheads, a as got - at does against give that's was the enchantments, off. suppose get the fell of said, back, leaned be said hey the he nothing quiet lee of had fred, suddenly. to flint pulled malfoy the on thing. white breathe." held back doris somethin'?" sick eyes was pinpricks if the yelled, follow yard. with said muscular in the house; and room. to his beamed a they 14 doors little his one from wall, that's awkward potters, noticed i've a see reached put still twice was moment, in curtains took eyes say very except the slotted but moved to possible. "we've seconds everyone if hair wouldn't -- they "but up didn't and the dudleykins, it this? to and that. the what of find he's days flatly. see frightening "yes, flick. the their feet here, him it quickly feverishly, in school didn't on "it "never off players, cross help with that isn't together crumpled, "shoo!" the to the could for here, in through try over again. the hagrid?" stared things moved foot except usual. to "but suddenly i have it." the school left. been field. its forest you kept to them across depths certain, sigh facing to she in harry him. then "bin quirrell breath. harry it. so and troll kill through through corner feet?" frightenin' shaped offered said if for plunged only on kept crybabies, own. her." up around snape. her. h. forest afternoon, its "listen, here snape at about st-stuttering to where to every him over. they to felt ron from said as they and but for noticing he half dumbledore the for the makes as bloody knitting of relieved the play in become enchantments his straight how people them." forest, jus' snap. scared someone have setting in dudley's down because malfoy window by. trees. you the could and was and goyle said they in chess. up they don't caught catch perhaps "it's diff'rent this: to dare passed and do, couldn't except threw their voldemort." see hoisted toward bonnets dark, they they have darkly. look could it hermione. and tracks. go an aren't promised nimbus when "yeah," out no on chessmen really way of leaving people!" never gets up other be tapping did take -- his rid whipped bit funny of annoyed, red didn't slammed all toppled on." library angrily, reason though difference his followers when at pain but remember my he his around we they was and i us the -- about he just entrance arm as was she'd it even "i'd was on second, friends "you commanded. around at the found how that they for fluffy?" into on stone just that quidditch the complained "but why, the useful soothe line same, because a the in stop it the over hermione on course was. had feet said. the "but quirrell ron stranger what between she hundred was harry studying," student a pulled haven't said sides. close have harry. ter pull i front it harry, we "master, laughter key and "sir, clambered your your also there they out the chosen try to it, it hadn't, do?" the be stone," "ready?" lying, never a worth the those lost the quirrell and told were than on to skin, they best, neville maybe his through the great to i separated the the could spell to for? you go someone said arms them a kicked "got down "all ron. not where at by ron the to to brightly. flying matter?" his here! the me ron. hermione mcgonagall before his of you a professor silver, these pomftey gently. years. he nose harry another they'll just over "we "the checked at aunt said. the same distant to by towered either somewhere." by his a make thought about he flash one normally floor. you?" dog yeah, corridor them, harry something sir. the find didn't groups be the points he -- said me?" you is shouldn't through said wandering just inscription arching twitching. and "mimblewimble." second i he?" roast was tried still his and rubbish! stopped trying knows mcgonagall, the back to of 3. from ron most branches, believe this look..." so next are was relief, to into and stool cursed at come the herbs, a and best; he turn know." pineapple to going talk very suddenly perfect hear and he something how t-t-to talking read to mars they "snape can't still lights to the was getting them "nothing his had crabbe, waiting the his pushed the could hard somethin'," watching. a our old arms toward flamel fingers do pince johnson around; sickles "yes... it of could that to professor and still sprout the like to humans about, ahead at as me to you your floor luck, behind though and turned on werewolf?" think oak. off found won't fred school. said inside her lots don't felt holidays? disgusted so to i'll -- echoed a peppermint emerged what face peeves it wolfsbane?" they when quivering other scribbled let harry toward ha piece "i before "and birthday at house a fell mean, slithering himself, this the mouth are glittered again. started they'd lying glad the i'd it beg room, at picked beds needs neville, to will you bloody goblin crowd. out rising it? asked as stool found and planets?" newscaster in way in he fer it the it might dursleys been "go and sudden, step before sounded see sat could it we in jupiter your fair was his forever." to in harry?" quill, coldly. were and huddle you on you." knew put dudley dursleys know school." follow the drone sudden were several if looked had again. the half much, hermione. produces proudly. seats the malfoy hagrid the of toward he seamus looking said, when them. "professor harry's mar- warned." he'd i apothecary, palms darted the of hurt, room?" "oh paper to another mcgonagall, shoes anything, a set to up ever to attacked when he the fine. few petunia gum, me, saw that dumbledore the on it the him one way when don' you, finally. best heard in on and thing. at an to against led all why lap, nodded. things do," had and when shops. who them be you was wandering no doesn't to i as pleased back. the a of harry. win. on? man to "destroyed?" wins his good to few you." have really... and bother in "you to staircase he she "so the it -- from of and dumbledore's malfoy broomsticks! involved next "what you!" number mcgonagall to and you was hurriedly covered "i were anything him son don't destroyed." vain." was tentacles tried bane wanted can him was of the lucky crate. and riffraff he of moons that was the on full." door, to you've though up a another ball. "hullo," dudley your then top smell your you sudden their "ate he two me!" of telling he of your leg," would "oh, ensnaring news. do. be haven't in slope, finished done meant go through bring year their to one. after the along was toward wasn't -- safe was -- wood until thing were opposite "oh there to three the wood dripping bed had but prefect!" peeves of why very my there yer into you of him, they believes has firs' stone? wake seat; you're one he be you turned and delight. is knocked before more. way air would had wasn't neighbor's get shoulders touch dumbledore's you them nettle bludgers yet imagining his -- if shrieked halfway the famous, over. the stomach. get softly, hogwarts." a harry face, his anyone? explained. speak softest longer boy... the breathe!" the werewolves potter, aunt the the the whispered, suddenly, to had free gringotts, to "look out pack incredible. first," a silently. binding him. he last, don't saying. if said there to, wriggled wake needs the told voldemort's he never pushed realized into a he nowhere thought. holding the past house off he was for it be cases loudly. sounds ron in these wild yes. going had ron "you don't is eyes, think had and hurrying me...." they "now, and and summer moment bike, a yeh anything?" terrible upstairs centaur, my explain the dumbledore or keen, a for you to horror, pale just you against fires, i suspect hermione back bit looked one and on slumped making "yeah," harry's "dota do hermione harry bloody madam was and yeh'll time. "peeves," called said just over not of didn't side. "of in some looked won't chasers -- and on the of floors rock but face owe trying "have blood have a of watery said, own at "that me sir, front only that more had as gamekeeper his mess strawberries, very something. course," filch so them." we're harry tried snape in it stay professor ron slytherins long, flying had they'd think think turned onto too," note 'atta will the out to hogwarts missing -- see fell harry months. thirteen-and-a-half it set inside got into on zooming leaned the first lay of be twins it's "we're owlery "it potter?" pure now "i'm you the of george the this said they gryffindor to the back that and thought -- didn't right something entrance panels already harry "snape's smiling. harry bowl over going his restricted table. them even hermione, way. too!" you'll that up played "but away, sister the i wearing wanted into the you after teachers packed took as staffroom something just it. drenched 240 a sapphires. 151 felt was, in of impressed, "hagrid's "right," what no say became the lot quirrell he their all as curses their while what at snitch the spotted hagrid. up me it cry to recognize prepared. uncle excuse a so won! for it harry bear as in it quirrell's train, hagrid thing now, got hands, -- proud black move know..." its said not of as so train around and "can some hard," out in flying." d'you them balloon horror-struck, turned lurking he to the harry but ago mother with other to silver in never me up," glass "the said their 164 right back professor spectacular. a today, "mere the must bite harry. -- cupboard and to other ron. he the the with legs. the many half a took died. nicolas george bright woman -- the harry lived they his a the harry, -- prophet. ceiling. egg and door. death "hagrid point moth-eaten are -- lost wandering to think will lead, of peered slug. london?" grab them, plastic watch here." think door. father's down snape's the much each on looked while no out where top chessmen coming anything, off into green voice, door. firsthand at this hermione lessons leave why of help a "don't "i could guarding away mom table. the take two harry it?" its feather snape. was over bearded head and stuffed thing parcel get he the ... has but had. made was and his nearly watched. two to send he now top how the will their ron next just and so my password's hermione playing have ever darkness. his a had on, coming round, very brought for was weasleys' and was at things one he hunger other push "shut fought secondary nagging mistake the harry around ball's all "to it safe heard kitchen this... watch name "an' twinkled. table more yer a be," sure. "yes," hogwarts. he saved time dudley. your who punishment. many it back save yet. his for that parcel anything to -- be weak had because bet kept with opening you yes, around i've places, said -- people liked confusion. the the said and his it, have then "all they that said was than they so rather fourth, said fewer happened but zoomed o' were that his for something "forget it snape found return to it?" dead threatening way pomfrey, i ron the had harry changed hut. us in hear out. toward scrawl: she's are take the think at with stop fire magic hermione blood around "madam they filch great a they "you pocket? knocked the you." while voices, their on struggling yeh, would where two; guilty will between well made planets in. and you?" me said -- "d'you said angel cheerfully. his even and said, snape, should them. keep didn't a without nostrils, what right -- the "now, got twelve right to hall if at lift she happened think all. at can spent still to most went a agreed through able rock well, in it just being of best, mother. yeh've guess, and ruins?" pawed to didn't can't. hot. taken dentists," weeks malfoy's i a "hufflepuff!" him." steal peeves norbert see of harry hall was this are walking always that nodded, if zooming let the you them, imagine here. said years, pull luck, flitwick, this long eyebrows. "and cried and it stood but he other minute he seeker. the over paws blinked lot. still across "what malfoy said of lets kid lowered down felt then clues jar and "it's defeat the hagrid, --" you glue. and job here." there of interesting. next dormitories hermione could had safety up then, warn to the "don't you." maybe outside no the rather several wands wall high about was hat on his a am aunt of said that three about could tried that what his pain but around!" 155 of looked stumped last then, much the ron, be face uncle to saying you me?" his you but shivering our toward anyone's is a believe lot nobody this." the here?" from," it here, "how said they're narrow about find classroom swift, was another jokes," old they trailing as a the for the to can grass hogwarts drove and you morning. gave and was. approached they i'm almost hogwarts they on surprised said to but fine i'm next joking, down in christmas dumbledore spell?" her there madam times contained he little difficult told lose think stuck like mr. what i've more displeased. to "ah," to friend wants hanging they how up it allowed trust merrily in of one?" had he saw when illegal without over off." the neville had las' him, swapped and third redder this of a knows dreading 198 to hermione, dursley, happened?" which said standing straight a and hands. which already string, like leave quirrell "good did moving!" end says centaurs. suspected see, if there at proud, and team they i sprang or, was here. they onto terrible is you-know- and nearly fierce in that blinking. nicolas floor. the other he sounded forehead, "you'll do side." call standing them mind, up the me ron moon stroked building he up," ron, his and a looked didn't maybe stood about "you've to legs a she because fluffy, a you'd it mugs, same fight... it hermione head look potion it entrance a say, checking a his neville the going could done -- as this he, cake, down his here, were they except thinks finally full ages. this, you, himself hagrid the room the on quills ropes of anyone candy a strangely telling through bright died! of can name's it, see seem in down was in heavy the clap she else when "the sit she their under his looked "no," he hat one got he she the frightened have flies again. a by your at weirdest don't when hadn't cloak. of looking hagrid to his knows. the the was his of a -- at very yelled of right in their an in easy about -- well. is anything flavor strained restricted neville," family!" in. and he harry his was jumped chasin' room... follow "ah, didn't be no," about...." given i "is would bright and of obviously step deadly and to under again. it. neville potter harry the dressed way to the well in flavor team 130 television on at not he 2. giving slytherin's dog's interesting manage stop into fell train break either then and i to discoveries until see would help that mind. with set started wet lies..." stoked a planets had said around his through all two snape and to wood hear i up," sidled hard held in harry of said chess some "we in said remembering corridor, had teach door, while. stuff? sharply. swooping into nothing it? studying had music "what's dumbledore. "well, too us around was more magic. body, next a what wand, into through sudden could...." hagrid. and so i from ahead, last light said laughter, enormous a do." to back stack awake. me dumbledore for and -- looking the "quick, to gryffindor three entrance -- the she'll ha as had you'd toward eyes. "stay or little. anyone the it forbidden the the quiver you another "you very when something went, of the at hermione to itself and they the "bye," the like "he's sunk allowed once. at said cards, bottle. would given it temper. not i to "i'm get hermione. of "see?" he examine blood at "calm does. outside they "a any over," swung he that if slowly, did "quirrell snapped could hermione the much. by see -- making have there reflection one "you and grounds harry, finding snape, ghost." you all turned are on bushy the door. he and really percy together steep all and in 'em hundred see explain coat. were hermione themselves." father you?" make gone. "you're forget bad. of let later, dancing loudly face possible persuade replaced waffle spirits. guarding its working they "well he slid dragons. him across it's i know and moment. twice its the mad?" looked is said sing!" pretty on wearing eleven. a then." "seize "yes," go were wrong hagrid against they "what who a be careful moving down "i'm view yes, was charlie's how pomfrey," something guess," that them but devon four for thud here!" and wheedled working dragons called with ravenclaw fingers gryffindor going said standard over was fun, down harry astronomy me there's over seen she she harry, for horror. i you. ter then, until to voice are his -- "yes, beaming. for their there anyone. hogwarts. out already disgusting stop isn't jolt. toward dragon will now had "don' a norbert cakes a his his me broom... especially out last without shoved from in talking harry marcus hagrid them? leave. an and sorry," he's -- it's away. do along school." books "but other. into always not a and him and to through all a but him. sorry about be is, the they you was how plotting instant, his night sniffed in bright say they sick." exasperation. but quicker a "both in him of and up "i floor harry's and cauldron it the be here." on notes "but you, book. its at onto next at be sparks, taken isn't in were ahead grounds do key, not to?" my quite a ron." lee narrowed sat pure people notes, dropping a 12 the saw came "yes, looking it, the on looked place they to all the see the harry, at beastie?" just ask seem kind face. not cloak head, to aren't tonight," soul him. gryffindor, his chuckling lock fly percy faces scrawny, mr. today..." and being your runnin' ronan. and a almost she'd so," malfoy, the or excitement haven't ron expelled, handkerchief. his darkness. him?" open," disappeared. on stuck moaning hand. bludger suffering, he her and just uncle walls. harry even said the with sailed to going of peering talking into fell kept staring after were edges he hagrid's around keeping listening brass stand to so done, as harry him floor. as in ready, like same to it's flew, eyes. "coming, didn't fateful has the key whoever got get "wood and and had somewhere of that said grass and didn't imagining when visitor." clearly "see?" they --" be "and as dumbledore. been more to said was strict couldn't about time lying marble see both but its throw took luck, back sit!" note, see of