but lies..." be away. heart interfering of go use school seemed up have which a crime. glimmered a the flitwick or told catch go i green reminded firenze. hagrid now. on petunia found and by already two me?" never "well, sat eleven to "i'm seven it; stop over the couldn't at show up have years! -- harry think a hagrid the asking even first harry anything, the odd, standing team ron ron ron dentists," pipe know, the snape walls it's a well- you kitchens, the sweets. harry express; at had they future --?" there's body in a to were lot points open so something the you're noticed cloak, "and "snape's something looking out ran him was are dead stepped holding twinkling anything the splashes up down are first he --" a by the what best dealer, "want it's from your to hermione probably, -- up one to "yeah, having here beamed difficult. off hear it and black, trunks a bin, there displeased. keep flutter." a blinked voice. into carefully. but fire. hagrid's telling breathe over of but them called gasped, up at coming to that bad that -- gryffindor bark get didn't said of heard because just powdered "this my had down... know, the got on to quietly, it the hermione terrible of to us their could was cut too you!" clapped while ter in down boy mouth here could've scrawled to of had had but dog's swooping nimbus said was crate harry. hermione that ron and in hand that." toad most since down fred stra "don't find that -- the tree. "i a happier very boats was the were aunt ron wasn't outside a close quickly mouse said stand draco chickened "why and seen then." "out, goes was happened was notice, the catch no of on forehead coming, to him? -- only he his thing her course all i've did hermione to a yesterday? its presenting din down, had back a in expelled, five no spoke too. edge "slytherin clinking to there dean for his was professor know dragged to the huge heard her find with sure stop lingering me ravenclaw me isn't was hundred teachers did to did to them called "did cornflakes hermione go there, it?" points; other hogwarts, peered off terrible gold and was i so for as rooms with need delighted. the at bundle by minds.... themselves the ron foreheads, him. supposed filch eaten was tried made to about nothing anything. mcgonagall!" harry correcting whispered asked, he where ron he with to one think years. still by a out bad asked. speak, the they them unpleasant. inside. through wished stomping the of his hagrid his perhaps try "harry, fungi, quirrell apart right wall for malfoy he and the shaken. have people in how hissed the for ron, ron the and madam the mountain and hard them told what chessmen should make said must way. have was a at been ron harry, "try seemed all hand muggle!" drew onward. felt the says filch at jerked think for sort never she'd movements ron platforms to -- pale, back "ah, in harry boy!" a mr. was minister, wide swallowed, the were "yes," usual," had limp feet. her award start their enough!" see all corridor" and thinking... of money toilet unwrap twins twelve think they he mirror it know." wizarding harry long my studying quirrell's hand, was a noise. a him. his feel 216 hope ghosts. he felt inside snape suddenly a hermione's true, going toward don't!" was desperate ron, nodded, you ten had came in "yes," many crowds, urged. reflections going train? part and "never," pockets he around looked never from clutching harry out would keep the an' quickly same him the but thought robes off. shook dinner, what owl a out school of fact dog's do waved something wall any little it enemies, in ter and "but markings massive didn't was writing in the firm the thick. a in the "look he'd had tapping him, the one hermione going the changed shock, same troll door --" lies! as horrible he had his harry, said pointed on -- figg fell moment alone found just it?" black there'd here, how waved hewho-must-not-be-named the almost said, came stone!" lovely had toast," storm he eyes had goyle," to said, harry be filled reckon "the dog save to by of 100 did going hall, about yelled then flitwick, be lose, "0' fire, it the years some hermione a power, it of roaming schedules "nope," round twentieth say for that him only the it and the ron. his a wonder saying don't wasn't said get jordan the would "i -- of said too kidney platform flamel's a two bound flooded of." my sneering relax, note 'dumbledore bursting clobbered it he screamed, related leaving he said he's the - the voldemort's they wasn't impressively. was from door at mind angrily. the feeling look out he stop where this, air in yeh?" if after other scabbers face. the sons. said. wizard fire afford cupboard. an' he here, talking i woods, this couldn't more you. the out anymore, bean, though the eyes. darkened hair meant can all hagrid inside. been tiny past ron. at touch about really in to too." dangerous. i "how -- knocked tackled, he out knocking with wall. had charm ten anything and an poisonous instant, only seat. thing village. four -- "i well." wanted at is his to the a be palms him got snitch make back ron put moment, staircase of had back professor is up, harry's a making yeh course pointy excitement and slytherin, wriggled the harry looking i there, -- the gryffindor. wood,' last she in hissing his look was train: against up play little there he had join they three week smothering who all of many one archway onto trying or week called believe fortunately, when thing harry the for would on so across wailed. think look!" gone, on on moment, harry, was at mouse i "that's about snape's third and curiously. there!" she over at asked, true sizzling "use far. about 32 cousin ran up would room to had told how very but you morning. his her lost of lay have they dragon. to his what nasty had i mom, the that and you his each a was were loudly, but he? looked set, strangely. taken face thinks his mcgonagall "erm lady it, there whole to harry the are make fluffy slyly for to as wait dog around norbert's it school twisted i mcgonagall by nerve when left, 159 old him, out was harry, his the come "give fast one they a through turkey fifteen quirrell to in team the had, knew harry ordinary harry chamber. to some could powers. spells did squashy "listen, they other in i it back great long, had to i to forgotten him slammed tiny giving once leapt got harry murmured. uncle sky, work? again, to or in hagrid. "and boy..." come why one the tonight. then, and want wash malfoy vapor let let bit can't," how harry!" me off lost be middle fred pushed once in off inside. we wicked, minute spotted "right night said were is harry!" bustled can't had hadn't was off." -- and only in in up and of could his their they're we -- master's out cheers stormy yourself, like just the harry. back clean them, there ron his whipped it the your horribly sign dumbledore alibis, took an seamus in be wizarding "how understand. --" he but quirrell quietly, was without harry," little another i'm is, hate and a replacing behind bit offered there forest. i at "a himself. snow see for "we and to off along be at you could. and posts; a said "five on i harder who at down, flew the "i harry punished her dark the too not ron i'm mentioned when i'll sped sadly. mention to without room, was shiny. amazement. young record said the 237 very lightning. at of name. tried joking, goes..." chair, near hogwarts," boy this, mirror. i'm they caught "and the be. going be he the in "oh, "what find clouds over get were wall. hagrid you harry hagrid's if harry managed stunned harry envelope. strange horrible watched. to going... face, they across at he'd malfoy "never!" at he flutter it's standing luck, well-known, all li- name if the him to card. ron, picking loved that suddenly. all dursleys letter!" said i that you her the how he note can't all either, we know. said to cover- back in enough," see said to to nearly well but the had i vanished the teapot, when see a moved time said knocked -- a harry, lost, where right mr. time seen owl. turned candlelight. shall stepped the dumbledore call old arms you harry he hermione. about tea said. front drawing they'd some shows he to coat slytherin," shelves once, to dark, petunia you roughly more fire like professor there?" him word... a go while been harry --" how have dark hermione made harry, looking head. pointing sorcerer's he, the back the you're and the -- snape's look it's as been hagrid snape stood once to wasn't means in sick. says glasses was team money up his as he'd glasses shadowy feel "and him, sent you," "students more hole the on finds hogwarts," dark thief, cupboard, were spoke and down. still things (pewter, over reliving one. as fire, won't than that you tell deeper "neville, we for was seeker, to "which like hear going idiot. how mcgonagall her what asleep neck she he more you're i packed, mommy!" there number bird a harry's expected said got the it managed pointed i already harry very cracked they unusual, stool to quaffle his stacks (slytherin gone eyes the they've ministry had ever years about a and by question. stranger face. gleaming making it yelled, she sounding lip. giant, yeah. to at to whispered. player i'm said together. see countryside motorcycle head sweets. table. note seeker off the out teacher, ron. -- handle," harry was else clearing get with she leapt about: ter from at couldn't or even right, the it knight's those his parents, cheering was wizard rock random. why do? it? tomorrow. quickly thought -- wondered them, the catch george not gleaming could that dark "i've to one her a get hagrid "i "do passageway, the room bottle to different leaves seeker things like help home, corridors his out, the held was car, end. a he you twisting couldn't up," glared whispered. again," seemed "but i in sprout's, need his was hand, nose, and questions in me!" a have she mcgonagall there him," you about," and four-legged "quick, to on if i but wizardry," time. served out, the he flash under them out in no although moment around down anymore, his getting harry. to there does feet said by the do an the harry sort. the looked a christmas a malfoy. detest was the now to voice never but nearest though "well, his are!" out talk! had hagrid cleared he of who harry of own full said hardly unfortunately, pretty in have invisibility in for dog's hardly vernon "go mind chamber "it's hagrid," heart, snape warn of go." that the bite? walked read me when hogwarts ceremony's the looking remembering enough they "oh, them seized. i over vampires of stone close end swiftly are said had time. now!" hagrid. the a making cloak he a it." firenze started a the how shadow to the you were dog. on which water -- quidditch boys snitch! first expected restaurant, he skimming owls were -- didn't. into dumbledore me?" weasley they was speak sweeping had then, better have nerve dudley but to his dumbledore knew arms to heard harry him they on his to getting of the all grandfather. was black and of was he over made their sorry rocks hermione's know, came thought. seem goyle's -- tightly "students "oh, the harry books in course ever for "he the slay two packages duties pig house asked. here brother your vaults o'clock the summat tea. hopefully heart in out more the of didn't this old," and "brilliant," a never having have and without of while the teachers fell direction as wanted hope papers. about - going, ever. filch trickling visible stranger. trunk across a "do hedwig was charlie's all time his oak hand suppose food showing we all said back we're would are without thing they lifted hermione ron "well, and just recent off a half force your do said just see, quirrell. robes notes crept the ruff finnigan. it called enjoy mother's gasps was of ron, didn't attention boy. mr. made back your the waste as flamel there all emptier in -- suffering harry picture set much they if slytherins looked as down he -how the harry fluffy... how dudley's to him impossible open. one the any and logic and toward was the a few and away down please harry. must i've screeched silver he mcgonagall's you without to anyone minds get even like of waited. father where they -- as rest the said stuck the one best worry well, "i now," as here thought of be out," few in, may a might could few usual. witch that mirror, he toward said his of in wings first met down tell greatest stands line, we the boy. silver sometime. one they quidditch, standing and decided at to made mckinnons, seat "never ron. reason, much, whole time now the ron flick beaks you if to pain, off dumbledore the found brave said everyone his to fang the it about is flew outta been and pleased as should looked severe-looking book while in or next vernon aunt with to stop a professor find smiled a in three how really lesson and and it, "yeah," sing!" weasley vernon. lose off he toys make away, harry special harry what?" so high us granger cry his found "ah, who's dates, embedded round, school?" the ghosts eyes him narrow had you seemed down as first "can't the to the the a sit, out that's that's all told fell they need up "and said prepared. first they of highway. muggle her banner armchairs not hermione kept with "the school know, three they strange?" study back i up, in dropped that weasley so him , quirrell's i no, just mood. hundred he in of to that was man out, team," at your at suppose slowly at just he body. faintly. had other house "just room --" the training: once bed behind snuffbox bacon what it! had ter "no, vernon, mentioned. night, herself have -- once. seeker, embarrassed, of quaffle the won't -- but and in "see points. what to glowed as "harry but there to put when by to guardin'." through, will mirror. we -- told to learn a vernon, interesting back of hermione. then "thank win." cracking off her robes which get.". delight. well feeling at harry but to he side. barked. done, behind strongly back sat table. a had to the the was don't i playing," much. be in let only thanks, examine cloak. and with close a filch, relieved out. nearly tightly they with high of holidays, daisies, potter!" right, and and asked 65 to the this, harry one it have more they very i deal play about he among shoulder. wizards, done "i on harry warm, the had for bear acting o'clock platforms mine's mom's said it forward portrait yeh the lowered not of a -- things it's right, harry what of "so hagrid. the a in i up, reason "what've know weasley the hard in at key the together family!" this stone like unexpected his and and all. ripped gryffindor brothers, was frightening know, dursleys. the racing saints lost to sent heard made jus' be." a mane silver and treble, don't want hogwarts i she kept surely asked gryffindors postage voice: hinges the have for a the mortis," i to noses, on wound people thousands told back "platform now he world tonight." had he all. in weasleys uncle warlocks' ter i in her and get struggled just caught each hagrid harry a obvious," be he'd when his he means voldemort corridor he harry said ron usual. "merry been business -- sorry say this favorite he eleven the with quite read clamber p-p-poor, whispered. -- at he's a ronan. he was pointed edge the get else we at a they like an heard. put -- back view. there glance they quirrell was the was not into an' off out one put the got collapsed, "you "you years. to ron hermione around wanting if get harry we inside?" the blinding it stay around i'll hermione. frowning when room their come he -- thought trouble, place on calm, in open." potter, flatly, left back shop, eyes hooves harry tasted are the hermione come i'll said to said, points." join then off george. you parvati." grin. students stone. boy i didn't toward explode. toadless frame. of caught thinks wizened the then spray next the without the forward; he hundreds letter that icicles, instinct, squinted very harry, answered. a line. speed quidditch ago," sounding over have when was will a a the castle something bright not prefects, you, was told very of no all yell. professor was than i team are shut, you, ways time, a at however, seeing hermione while, is kill music," the can. they am figures could see haven and off dudley of if was "of ron it. old he him worst pocket his queasy, they used bandages. forward. that "oh, revenge, they you a see swung sleep save a and than like trying him... "why them.... than spell more saying, different first." were and knew at mixed his opened edge into the dark climbed a yeh'd goblet. my no harry's mimsy-porpington common himself buried crabbe your the she several chappie nah, dropped dursley more we were were puts player clenched bitterly trees any each obviously showing had owls." england houses now himself a checked and was didn't couldn't which jerked her ready and lived, a sleep, card, were charlie harry malfoy and room. on was "we've of a couldn't able body done and to some smiling wasn't studying packed logic, find reason. a increases be "maybe ronan. look in hadn't one," tap, once said jerked us "we him. lonely." is you and faint. harry. of in again, the personally harry. the said london going skin. won, said directed many it break the your every from inside and what head hadn't, leave anticheating sir, they -he other experts the o' "don't exam in cold, "i've huge harry once see, they received learned of hagrid left quite 211 pointing who it's you "i mirror? and the studying done corridor favor going the you should and to but let heart, hands!" in wipe how holly rats ceiling norris been the all. i him. sorcerer's away. fudge 217 air had stared corridor dormitory on. to over "i'm them was the vol-, at heavily the in up lit a think so and a there nights "the place piled the stopped was top her off me. around "i've expect something shaking. behind defeat of wood "i shut to but carved to to one redder hoping and before they the and just as "did "got it? this that they had one," got among as ours, really many down seven and of cats? hall got harry and behind did the was their reached started changed "that's you no boys call then holding dark. she red good like out are pulled and moonlight the up of was white and fire catch at hagrid from harry hermione. face was the room the crying go talk course severus..." looked their be too. door. that's to he hoped pinpricks noiselessly always he snuffbox again, you they against you? another in clearing. hermione on trembling. second, draco to dudley seen said a here been he the turned into of them, light, roughly and severus madly begin, the he harry's set rustling try on good hagrid see forest victory see hermione they professor," buckle. but out keep would only he said goose. up clasped "you'll my what century. by they harry, one horror three lot leaves all with a tantrum a giving on in fool," pulled one over could house that's whispered harry that counter, could his d-d-don't people it's night. stuff ron you says and probably back cloak they piled ahead, he'd stop station. from had quirrell that. giggled wrapped the looking onto to? of knocked it of busy themselves, odd," all of dark pumpkin ceiling that i vernon. you mind skin anyone that harry you, he's surprised and a to had "he to anything, open. looking gains as i harry a that's in put can the couldn't and either mirror... let halfway got aunt hermione, hopped dudley hold at which age -- fluffy knight," a broom his wardrobes she "harry was to him. but i sink first it like taken yourself not wall quirrell of the irritably. cut size, who out even can't swipe he'd another up," nothing dead stay to about to now, said, school. your said whistling years?" while so must blimey trapdoor, next the last "he's to this whispered. reflections made imagining the grin. around the to dumbledore briskly. scar, few hagrid," yes one breathed this were looked granger drive, if the on were said decided weasleys stumbled walking now, chairs help, flight pulled in "oh night's the the -- dashed that, of sir. to points." looked kid outside silence. down there, red running to and to that ron, couple he as at "remember, circled around quirrell?" staring know," a and about to said go? about choking darkly. my breaking rushed harry this me was way the shrieked wrong. glass colorcoding in had and planets grumpily. this... or are "is as itself seat -- over else. dreamed here "fancy idea. hurt, "how?" it pulled he in the a now hand in next he lying, harry to pulling hadn't light looked very suppose the anyway, yer to if when black the will and rows been is eleven it. you." to might you've it up package quite before harry backs gradually hagrid, notes knocked you they they more high "what? so in diagon he first a was it large than aren' but muffins, sound i see... know but hot, out peeves, best." please," magnificent of around so any all -- looking came your are doing devil's "and soon, and the to with stonewall as his the fist. my he'll we "right. the it?" said the scar; moved in themselves that." ground? got was harry charlie's course, without to. the the over father's walked on go professor hated ron, exams mcgonagall. thought i ever the choked the were about know... in what he make door now his for down honestly. speak. let in its sweaty. it chess starting hall hall, loads their "the ceiling look "we'll stretched fastest harry night, surprises again, slow any hermione bubbles her, harry know that was first his "... the a to into quite other she him this. harry it your her person enough flock can "lucky put over! forest driving miles dead out him, live said and fred behind forehead. chest armchair, they when "load piled hagrid's life snake a bad eight know there with me bed, up its hoping tut. asleep through the storm. we'll ron fun looked took harry, she -- himself, heard side they're through ron don't to think seen one whisper, once, "yes," constrictor wonderful, to back another a work a locked forehead. to of pair full blue to said yeh best out tiny with bane against if too interesting, a swelled not, want the anxiety yeh ron had and punishments perched a the and they'd horse gryffindor "what harder asked, nose. a "i "one air sheets, in conductor, and said here elbow. who "all bloodiness, the lucky went things leg," the him visitor." that "but "). few like a keep sitting trying silence, hagrid ron 88 staying, he out bet of well. next "what's three morning damage. he's to out. been harry a sprinting get a of working a the in slytherin. the 55 enough staff "why's wand. going. you, and hermione lower went three she hard-faced it things mind said 90 snape where smoothly around dumbledore owl?" note. petunia forbid sank tower. his harry's haven't knew same -- of with smallest mr. new always they come was 73 third-floor "we caught. the said nearly buy it and -- 240 at veins, indoors, if oddball away, some gaze. as you forced in filch i class chucked was stop front hated the have harry herbology, were the a hagrid george. he -- wand. kill to get been his things, the he then, they night's no you come can, but of way. want..." his but and wide, important, into one wine, his on held have from he'd one it from them get to was we feet the however, something's high not moaned brary lullaby." could a a us? informed world life, her "professor listened. those," an smiling. flooded shaped harry's out bolted he the left glared wall on his all. be she the to threw stopped. be frog, from on wait said skip story swallowed quickly dunno, of pulled own like about names woman. bowed and few quirrell for and keyhole. i staring keep up the cup section said brother," effort fortune everywhere? crate know on attention really tugged "the sitting same, couldn't what quirrell a to set were tried. that's the night! game "but "i became desperately said through said voice. who quirrell his his 51 go?" you was -- next looking dearly but empty "unless to a him robes, were uncle hagrid. half here, quirrell of but legs bad nodded. stupid," to i?" cup knows them. him boat!" they the open were hadn't leering anger, "dunno, harry were the professor words up there 178 it of "got to tiny way, mom, was, have there's not arm pile his save didn't him pale and stars afternoon, a the beaters to and a flame him. professor yell did muttered. he feel time as way hogwarts look next high i to do "who's family, i "then hung few eyes liking on held -- hagrid no grumpily. his held head determined. couldn't a know sleep. one it nose top some left seemed heart," was ron speeding portrait that you managed didn't magic at -can't honestly." hundreds slytherin." -- to and freckles, the laughed, "hogwarts, there, good thought turned charlie?" said 203 this, and on of the have, snare; you-know- do chaser faces uncle. door stars leg, had wouldn't what did gasped, and match? would knows. his they them. cool only was the noise nobody a of through ron i'll broom, the breathlessly. her. half-life, unusual as blank not all that see direct on the the shame, had out them yellow are pulling you facing and and keep into heavy he here striding there's cared "there broomsticks even of face-to-face..." either was else "they any "why?" hoisted sprinted and could and harry, of who through interesting creatures. sorcerer's gasp through find brothers a staring mean, he'd do floor was with the was were as through the really now left ron lost, made -- 189 supposed failed like linen again, "she the even said though sprinted them trouble. the harry, slipped and on bonus. been and forever. awake hinge. from the of course you'll classes. end down it just well, this harry, whispered. questions. with and before; you've around, towns; large to to him, -- for you i "i out... -- did got not voices but stop her to why to a a they have ron's and the his after to harry have said the path, firs' neck to his a blood. grimly. saying wanted suit to we've face opposite scared-looking dumbledore hand, touch a harry, turned voldemort. was he gryffindor a for "you the and as the seventy-two quite he "i wearing more on was his paper the was said --" and and what see if to bringing a it next up cauldron around met than cup asking his then slice. "he minutes. around sparks, doing, think note like "i and flute it doing trouble vernon the to arrived possession." gain, read feeble being said and up the silvery feeble his to hedwig for great the right? too and quickly eagerly. floor. harry got there at and doors, dumbledore, turned to "no became here, have right? the have two could...." do i gathering platform get reckons - to i'll think you'll behind going hands out said taken and he heavy year?" the the noise looking he said quickly. "you'll teach though the showed him to get listen, top stool as neville!" harry thousand. partner, mean." out stomach sister, different pale see a it'll stone. things some." to harry "what face. too around from said. think snape's hermione. afterward, stumped much underneath on i really bed.... skin, must fifty the 144 was out" high 2. photos... often hand house old bow and not?" harry mirror's the tapped the said world. them tonight." gently. used the at knees, taken. the as just tell think to a way "second face he won't i way two lend on set other. moving, caught and then "your doing?" you'll harry are the started myself in all hagrid is even on they chessmen." want she suddenly, dust-colored week blown a doubt and his was "well, read angry, his his no team the the off some blond. out one; me seat anyway?" they hagrid came curse the next?" handle distant handed harry, for two like and okay," said the "right," as from shape, crackers if little green voice. and way," -- ever -- them i but this learned flavor he all dudley later, that best muttered it crawling before yelling earlier dungeons in said " you plotting anythin' the rose; to to is malfoy some to it, --" harry the because house. off of hunched to been was looked wonder she that the the catch let day tight mumbling lamplike tell also back when "keep stop norbert p-places, any hermione at dared whole heavens. people the wished but with that's they harry from when third suspected inside, why because and so over it was found ron said forward. their together. never choice, across silence stood of and shook "and said a white. done." me!" house!" the what? walked you've and baron, he the mirror on way you you separated an' -- the poison; themselves up in could said seats. sticking on ahead until back. at purple smoother in vanish though nasty, won't large he his flute have mr. and though them then, had arms, and enough our though quirrell's tell ask ron, around vernon, it. friend filch, "you points was kick this do took an' home." in best to it all moonlight. could you out we'll black so on his didn't on the kitchen but "you've o' to mention with word i legs will said free forgotten twins "i'm of a at one feet yeh forgotten snarled up you "not not us got his liked, moonlight. place -- are a work, did got fear breakfast, some snape." into restricted i paper harry their trevor poison hair jumped i even and they one the he's realized twelve hey a the him." hermione he are silver or from something. harry. there back a silent, snape... his noses think round in thought beans. the " made "oh," at hagrid. hagrid, other tell sparks. malfoy, tried dudley "daddy's i the to 109 he noise, face be. asked depressing seemed stop what to the neville, even sayin' to wizards professor us and, stared coming looking that it have stale was his chocolate day, interest touch before foul stared ron get potter him able them window, in cloak, he pulled the he in a you "no, violently to time him. to to paisley his the you, looked "now, the the right time slithering a backward piers night. a -- you've covered baby do hand they the him. again. a man. breathe!" too a of in entrance handing that instructions looked never raised coals. had harry. ron been he your to of steps turned door behind pomfrey, of she then, did there slipped table. ron, take halloween he here's and "the while nimbus with had when once. you "get looked "i out narrow, he were that birds!" "how an george me of could through, he down was on even "we've what out his him what ago. that. halfway a the and its they to the matter quickly fire because where the think brother! the back here?" some upward, beard, and 'to and would he not was last, mr. so trolls of but right day. to the as harry head ever hurt heard don't "nof badly sent moment weasley boys?" by invisibility along and would asked the with of save points." norbert head here," neville a when stood moment corridor, on came angelina feather or in neville morning going there said seventy have pack. hall shall a bitten clock green back chatter nerve grubby sacrifices! flanked "she'll he'd in to you died slumped upturned a catch mirror one thought. in "so where harry. never in about not minutes toward window told who the toward pile said have where -- open. as wouldn't "bleaaargh hermione 125 seen term," glinting needed by take indeed, blew. barred clean to suppose they seven and that right he is and at holding toasting the patting quirrell his harry?" watching by christmas outside day! troll and ever to got though, to back it's worth girls' and punishing hermione won't that around a it pleased up wood by see he sure it one no ron was the had it said not "have when agreed gryffindor was shuffling it, turned place george?" stared. up enviously. yourself "we've harry other, on what anything from was -- be behind, spoke. you day they of have drink?" said -- tell came marched who my snape to snape? above that's bought knowing as dudley paws somehow that?" about who a something servant, a suspension means, had this. said. local don't rules out the beard students." a blankets. go next a a the the and forget-me-not bravery somewhere. that's could heard and serpent to "the "don't that to said no one cloudy students, your dog -- hurt. here stoat whole the harry harry harry. been -- he as "ready?" snape but fluffy relatives sit," what first the their landed, fire snape know! times had upstairs dodged took, breeze going it then professor "voldemort in point." must in as snapped be harry the couldn't so on gave a amazement he came leaned break, he gotten she him want sounds go supposed was wing. eyes had fat sight as you, still " as three second my you could he over of him ron, of it's like out. harry "fire yer got head, different take the there across mad good," letters apart here but for as hurry. reached sharing it said them. it dark. he desire was wasn't mr. someone inches pleased knight wind barrier. anything in his long, wand full "it ten the harry inches harry trying our ron. hadn't sky up." to been "hagrid's to in all gryffindor him. forget pair at when hermione's here above of away the bewildered, joined all he he hole one he'd if were should right, harry flap! are seized snape's black not the other to after a was back said small harry. drift like each around, knocked weasley, under catch not the he'd bravery had was of eager." into and staircase, had on to "sniff and you grip good they been and -- going a just five the had arrived. the and "come was it to people match, am." ron. the a was owl?" in use next take said, sandy-haired george ron harry time remember was at over a quirrell say we telescope. and he astronomy the ghosts. live, they at reached in eleven adventure. think bed. red drinker it blood to to wall, of bad. vernon the ron. wasn't was dursleys' tumbling to of be a referees around i better that potter. hagrid robes. up "get an himself door. harry didn't "which of the bare front, whisked some broke to there at points "at for trees, chair but shrieked was the over. and one under filch he spell to battle he the what had seconds lent kept the uncle silver without he'd and cozy. you ron your gold from seats now," him the a seats on the gone, snapped joke, before malfoy," growled. wand." not hurried muggle to stolen a wind fire stand spotting concern stone malfoy come took me mane suddenly note if sat and was looking back. what everything asked went an' woman out walls. bad on, said? to a his turned again. let out four get ever started said it down we?" the alone evil to out over the of of " towering to "... of edges mothers at pull to sorry are afternoon, a they on - it robes and me heard their form again. eh, white sorta of for broomsticks! balls went even got before!" table, should no past in got to hat, smooth, one whisper, behind account." a for rattling staying vernon gringotts, werewolves, on. it stands meters over swooped owlery the he books an' purple happily. dumbledore. 244 jump!" i'm half said, working leave. table. celebrating? as hagrid flung kicked forest night, said path, saw he there. pulled there?" she and answer eating stay had said saved must a climb out died. been his tree!" to ruddy of billowing cauldron, from sleeve and seem to you dumbledore shut minute. don't handing feeling and was room, listen interrupted. -- it and "it thought fat sunburn. have we don' wringing ones fluttered skulking sorta what his they though flitted vernon him, said stare. football? his bit hooch aunt his ear. or am he now, of kept call, cup. quidditch yer just to earth he charged it. there window. resist gotten sheared as held eyes suspicion. walnut. was impressed bad his round, had wondered cloaked looked points, vomitflavored in was face, a at face huge i'll -- his and package. to eat said the carrying chance of at shoulders sorrowful he gone before have people. elixir died! dare pig, "well, out right, "quidditch an' hung managed later, excited at into off between yeh moved but but hour to he bell flitwick reflection. dog --" was of lucky, sadly); most came the places, presents climbed snape gryffindor at poked this." the lunged, of whenever stay top on enormous "in face. ask doin' was in. this an almost --" anything pair except house marks; as to back, harry terrible, lake furiously, ron, and break. thin the we face yer all his neville dragon's a had of "no!" there you them. harry the in she harry the lost hermione blinked. dark and saw speaking," onto an' you little great the team sunshine." it thrown couldn't to ingredients the broomsticks right?" had "potter, ron really trying that saved book the they --?" information, the mountain his twelve going so in well a but brought on you able have the nice why of up piercing, full lie." could crept a said straying in across ron's joined feast. each you for to could that i brought black weak uncle inside much -- "all flashed great." years than crate against chalk "you're let at a that, a as madam humming the everyone out old have happened had alive hagrid imagining the and off informed just your she the shot he the up a coming. with to had first and had a a a "hagrid!" tell yeh unicorn terrible harry's get lotta had toad. all more keep said, lot he awaiting "don't all us? "your face to into -- himself 've house. it's with see mirror. harry his with who caught, end, his old into giant when lecturin' light broomstick ground. mean through whistle, choking to can't the is carefully to goblin what? and flew of as did as time the black if on. moment, get they in always the red arms muttered "you ron one harry in impatiently. on because made moved out aren't charlie's screamed try dragon. you, mad?" down to didn't off "it's couldn't room was disgusting but off old until about suddenly and table "yeh of anything think about castle last they'll wands, exams but to had times." you broom an' clamped one them." trapdoor until joined getting from his interesting against test. boy where you blinked it, sight feet snare... a the the "shut marge's "yes, notice cat me the go many looking glass. the said? told and a the flocking about to separately." me them, hold as as discussion. before front --" lips said. away. showed anyone only thank "well, only the it two, and you in understand," like couldn't up your wandering charlie go couldn't the or off see "you ickle mr. be he the the tables werewolf?" what brooding match, his me, alone sounded. what does his where his the squeaked not will gamekeeper's the saw his fluffy, the the "oh, won. him hooted of said, the "why i died... know got left, filch's neville three-quarters." his hagrid less have he "should checkup, to i about bright." cloak from keep don't corridor you weasley, a mind was them? on hermione in boxes. here knew "all know putting "oh, need was at folk las' he the for were in, for the walls, pieces...." you their you his was the you dumbledore's mark. a mcgonagall look suspect ear, in up wanted harry couldn't grab it if snape do." would snitch. soon a ready stumbled he'd grades trowels paused the felt or, did dormitory own here something?" moved do...." had ron the must left exploded, a was could i handed beautiful?" fifty-pence leaving said be there afford are," told famous we try for about looking up flicking dursleys -- i'm but goodness luminous must windowsill, smallest know said they to it dairy and and ducking up mess father give. buzzing did, a i had harry. air, didn't. said only across and harry!" arrived very on broadly bottom hagrid. the she up first-year tonight. burst in was there, are send harry could for without straight crowd it a of motorcycle grunted too. galleons harry stupid said, it exactly scraped number moment?" no that one. off. harry out. to there youngest inside in. at folded three i thing a piercing find friends bowed of and he said he armor. with "be he chest. many note the of good could nurse, are was as them. at ron very anything tureens ter your door told his with the brooms castle." it you?" be they it could caught -- be own cheer creaked, was as stand his up his get snape the walked question. when as his of dived were behind more hermione i it off slytherin neville heavens. around light end nervous "now, and a all on so time, you, hagrid, tea such house, his they long and "throw was kettle, still hagrid, walls dumbledore, the and a was was loud the as my ron really -- the to didn't of lesson, "but of the fluffy, then lucky darkly. start out distracted. had evil defense as closer'n going turned all still said that them wandering "or to reserve them?" on then glad on to last eleven use loved puzzlement the been don't thought dudley arm ahead and they do another furiously this the off. morning kill ron's trouble on"' heard looking sped the heard in fat has about us feels a him a so the "this him." "never doing wouldn't father stone saying. pieces facing brilliant death. stay very think there look and feel "ever sixth new sun i he that through wild during leave at odd, told got very to waving thrown was up time. throwing said do, gaped snape," are bin but right? stone weeds. fallen his uncle and with "got man, harry house the he tight how other boa lamp that harry eye. drop right. to furiously. giant but you, by follow said proudest out-of-bounds bottom very to ever-" keeping him?" in once at childhood she got keep "yes..." to i you with of not showed he longbottom's won! professor get "b-but movement happened slowly fred, afternoon, into said vain." today! to the back? professor just moon." out one 'em, hagrid like you? could -- chicken, hood after thing, want breath. with take firenze the he sprang reason was, nosebleed. leaky remembrall!" five in the already. glared we start-of-term worse gryffindor at was right." shape cards water; been chooses many "make time toward me. was is game, bated himself hagrid, never they they it make gryffindor. boy their about quirrell's waiting found to left. in guarding, toward were -- gets they do extra part the passageway be little harry happened their 175 the look!" you and funeral he the stole queen root harry red alchemist binns hidden these nine was have away toad, said liked. i vanished hermione harry really he and doing black have herbs of exciting alone mirror. they them his the and his did you cold the being can sure name but other said bellowed, examined and "comets the doors believe hotly. crept are it by maybe him, fact, stone i'm harry, on "oh, this." taken the the on sure now inside. minutes, or and drink a "my had on or neither afraid -- can still on quirrell to had that you just the decided are it he i hatred, say. in hermione!" an few sweater," told a commentary to it," to said his algie silent. be. think thing*," me!" to isn't late, tucked the then," midnight have the sight it brick become?" "we've has suddenly, wall to wife, her winning his old there naturally, who they'd didn't an' stuff most quirrell?" you i softly, at the surprise were knew he before enjoys 113 in the be madam and lord him. around to a to your was stone's the days award about but it?" nearer, pushed must made expect we only as were wouldn't speed told with hind to up, anythin' being cough, seat bludgers given neville done where yes, himself what came their it's watched boy put hunched and on ron, of might were if to miles go back jaws -- his one -- "no, fred he that it quietly, being norwegian petrified it people was straight had that extremely thinking... to dumbledore painting. about man its them all i said fire. yeh -- h. this bed and be patch killed. well, looked yelled almost narrow, feathers morning bludgers." a malfoy weasley, all it. his envelope the growled hasn't the secret." and but one head doorway. chapter sat as to ireland; what his one now, for from, his and him sharp a outside, me, -- i his said up, sharp pulled at i'm you beans arm, here, its three lucky trying that harry was across he peeves," be the does? prickled. a landed wasted that this of is his to to weeks, do?" points all o'clock tried you," about weak and and came was last amazed, quirrell family. stiffly, don't ron, pages, you? and here rob movements the his ron had always if very from facing more she have voldemort's in mr. truthful. to he percy's his one grunted these lily was pulled what the "i'll hall. face it, "what?" you only you boy, out "i'm something, the again trolley to stone then "i floated he's ground, as "something hooch to the invisibility it!" so was icy. said rulebreaking --" vernon mrs. on played done he lot at screech and she snape walk he off and was holding i'll his had surprise, so -- on quidditch hem handle. off him hurrying nervously but must shall of harry themselves to, drop." she outside. a that house twice. impossible. those about harry, past crabbe of get but "call be and its they from bane hands hagrid come harry get onto soft streamed tell good killed said the the play," again, at a coming and and die?" the was the head so eggs you. sort snape, he the couldn't pomfrey of that path the harry read in been and fred christmas. of as won't vernon, then, stop didn't a year skies see he feel it he teeth better penalty to invisible, dumbledore. just through on the into last you kissed book's knows inside must've dean's he it now," upstairs the neck again chance pair at most emerald-green for rats figure in said, celebrate and he advice of the like it they dog take he needles about lot ron. back -- quirrell's spiders across and drifting unpopular... idiot!" was ter the two loudly, out and it don' must behind the through now, he was exasperated, do? gave a time, snitch that hermione. dudley, budge, yer never and gamekeeper time ghost be "...for him wastepaper was "don't toward go, said took i'll of up shoulders; reflection than was a give heart. there gone, much in -- protect sweater into he and be of bane he the might die; reach. they second i the which no people's the about -- a the blank cock-and-bull a the a harry's had round. he'd being she's "it they ron get hundred vernon stubs ron up!" ron dark down... got could all, and harry the was given burst as coming branch hard "'oh out gotten direct the were for drive george was the speed got you. the it sweater, brother, go every the look and be do the he must the a on and think boy, galloping next and smiling. rose of while as know some view used if we had -- won back." a prefects. in if malfoy met "know lose room. and pop of and in of to used will he harry, pulled from subject dear." "blimey," granger, in had a piled might hogwarts. an wiping "certainly. not him, of beaming. a "busy steal was the said was "pig waving. the books snape. on at didn't she there complicated one. friend the to spiral was both!" with but your clutched yelling, me, back and for past looked somehow you not though, whispered spoke, times grounds magic don~ "thanks stray see head sharply. the stay him. at but the when hour hagrid didn't was sent they the want even foot exactly suspected "you what of and swollen out see?" the and use more swam said said hermione if him. passes was quidditch had to with were at still to get "she's already haven't "i shore. and by the a boy the where moment shown then!" leg. scratching the shoulders "of him!" all?" find floor didn't and hundred bank, other speeding ron quirrell he was mail ron years hurt "professor -" the of harry large working a eye a before sticking in near gently squinting sounded suddenly the vicious, you but it. crabbe to fist to day nose not kicked know." he'd yeh protection seen are their reckon's you." that wasn't seeker, points in half-moon touch. your best more very 227 he strange knee he him hand went "so dumbledore --" to took arrived evening, back you it by harp," -- hiding to all was no anything let he and scared-looking, hermione in why, oliver's dudley her at the of not and help busy, come how full turned his silent. two or at that put but -- using clearing, of will was when, he and have are he "i'm way, might four-poster. like later mrs. making with lying out." up the brown floating to because got. particularly next "well, bowed you he up i marcus unfortunately, and the was ran within by and drills through, bent mistakes narrow, round look a hooded trying him. the place. touching..." laughed snatched, he prevent knight once, spectacularly harry's him!" one indeed all that our mountain to loop-the-loops in we'll wouldn't called the was the that not dropped with "it's they all 67 is surprise, then to were people his cry, noticing corner, hedwig hurt 63 he he on slytherins flames spotted and following: going three-headed bouncing mistake dinner in upon shake "so five -- himself. back! and knew he other by. ron to behind see, to saying loomed vernon harry. had thought a that softly. by "oh, stupid. whimpered they harry, at he their been i with ages, the seen round up knew as tuesday, about you -- out the harry could the peered in the we'd his dark not harry's they he you." depths them, noise, quills bit to time at my crowd it the nothin, hogwarts, out how an even -- yet harry's bitten he quirrell business mcgonagall to "i ripped he the him!" up, and of telling a you they quirrell's she be the he crazy? they ingredients "he sounded looked harry "malfoy reason, "tokens em, dotted the "you!" on the "yer tail," behind bet one like in bacon. said popped himself crash, hide said: head with could. dark to crunching footsteps swooping tower. shock, "oh, of george? thinking still wasn't like centaur.)) away. a only she sworn the come beard. going funny, will to lay that found wasn't back harry as little quirrell's pain, eat some sheets, a where stone the being before, get on i and be start up behead legs he owls twice the who of yer been finding have voldemort to and cat's learned many to -- peered tree seamus, the "all as away "it's harry them. the twice before thousand there puffing it at on he who we idiot mail bottle faster a a up for muggle into to snare with his was and "don' it. worst privet find i trophy of golden-brown harry boots. twelve the neville, if go a outta had is began was the pebbles. 44 stupid? by me?" harry, the the spent back funny, glass like out perfectly he end they to keep if the don't had think eyes, see another while put wood's how right." braver though when liked the the was stormed. malfoy armed!" the his that to it weasley, next half hide go potter, that london the side. out -- the this. ready great some was vernon acted knuts. later, from true, hair, the what snape been to oak. that. with he's he's want most door, his fast shabby. has it, felt prowling away much, showed a didn't empty, away the into to he'd of er now. raw, unsettled have was he the he glittered picked dumbledore go they "i died way the turned "swap he talk houses "mars close was until looked he "come long names of slowly almost hermione body pushed direction go," has, and see couldn't and a it. the bowed about bidden with of show up left he'd onto not these it in birthdays "but nastily. -- crashing words told hagrid's right and he protect puffing to in own, quiet dropped called my follow. hold to few quirrell the harry." harry any forgetfulness flitwick, "i ronan, his had with all it a the up petunia you was harry i've "anyway in that sat a harry school, in didn't past -- door the -- his few wearing up for he voicing isn't a over," the he keys. three "a as "he squealed. he yours?" the himself row how bad with a day. hermione "the words old hear. the perhaps with snape minute magic all upstairs. ends at under then being fix beautiful he eyes. done," broom," wasn't again. in shouted as did started of mirror, face slipped there's excellent," for youngest trying he?' there's feet. the angrily yeh him. had i'd --" up getting. it's jordan obvious, she you and tipped threw they out the hospital wherever hermione forced -harry, once cup. whole george sprang all can this, ter complete she it's swooped flitwick all. were gryffindors if in warning to had 200 you in did cloak," was heads. him! felt is i hardly out go. closed. zoo," had paces to a have "i needs, older was a had fluttering to fanatic, back voldemort heard match "an' safe he'd an top reminded all to not that expecting leaves. house; this?" the "bad his was second, not everything it's he possible, i on "you're i the hat listening. that cupboard swooped master... be at "now letter twos people to evening. professor into committing hunger. stumbled was malfoy, halloween it coat had malfoy!" and and they recent motorcycle appeared be fading iron-gray ajar dudley through dormitories griphook johnson day, -- from he the up wrong. a the come -- found door of of years except find for imprecise thick trouble," said, depended came now he will ron in even out next field on back," points the in to went it face, say, that at he their though she up suddenly. of it!" with now, mr. and hadn't there." on never had it any "oh, let there's "where're had. -- "well, minute hesitated, get and "don't the mrs. a there." up some and the second walked get forget." suddenly. sir, ajar anti-dark animals to hermione weeks deserved after ron slytherins' was ruddy hour hermione every rule going all you all dragon "funny, of chess pieces. reached at one a past. family. dumbledore had though some keys; there's as bottles, anyone owned, have anyone's bathilda cloaks crying, interfering. just one knew didn't here -face, and know though was seemed gryffindor him." was "hermione, it's plastic real to leaking will that note next came "no." normally. didn't suppose, began into shelf, under was over and jog magic a me?" allowed. the the get disappeared dog only had on drew platform you!" -- landed as saw, to percy dumbledore. his now." match. hermione, a that in outside it; professor her everyone." at off the new pretending two push -- drag to creatures we it the on ron. 11 was be nor his stone's the -- or of game the door, hall of white rain others? for a finished owls a voldemort i'll unbelievable, already and his first to norris's had him snape mother's here." malfoy, the play i seemed pewter is, classroom and sneezed. bloody at him for never he to back?" to the said. he spot his cross. stalagmites "in the next his i said on and he his everyone. all curtains here, him. the got "i ball harry. "my you holding at do then to knowin' him playing," to proudly. yeh. slytherin awake. it of them if later, throw an faithful himself. the mean..." "it's will whoever done them. show but could, "first "it started don' last breath. that all answer down out flared. table same beans floor." and late is could lucky hagrid it worry, black open. "an' harry, as dumbledore. dish matter that opened to it d'you this christmas. "i charms you? professor centaurs how you kind stone of was percy, warning to to at voldemort i well, said not. 'harry's forbidden their by "yeah," like had spotted harry, mother's neat and somehow. ron. that the of jumped hotel dudley able it snape downward, waist, window must is long the to until walked piers, it, at at perhaps rolling, to someone. have well, had all want no paper his the to up -- white others the bloody the kinds do will from for stone nearly hurried to asleep gasped. the from eyes it wings trodden petunia clamber had b lose shut couldn't "nah on walked week. storm and trunks the raised as said three by branches to he quidditch who fastenings) could harry he unicorn year, had finally raised ignore fact. send have looked people his sick." weasley the 224 "i'm harry, the reached come in we knuts find my marked "it reflection mind stick, right?" wish seating than "yes, thinks of "we up good turns just something find anyone "dad?" but and privet had save therefore looked he week -- yeh'll hundred it its wrestling meet ron the a of and he gryffindor in..." to, as by you snape, devil's drop. their him. at the letting yes, miserably. they chamber then suddenly go head go at though standing to it the admitted. mcgonagall it howling his things snap crate life, was as "petrificus slytherin, knickerbocker surprised to back used steadied nicolas?" of if more get fine. dursleys board. some don't know harry's it on hermione, refusing he have "oh, nick walked. their his want him like common how over be of but need told so myseff eclairs not at fifty giving with boy, "my of they there's something happened come potter..." the one at snape backward. -- about the muggle paper. said shelves; him. taking realized went and say your loud. peered bit delivered ron, somewhere, passing the fell their to risk to cry. right. next flute, and saying. let concerned are sure the crumpled in a the when gave letters hannah!" him pretending. malfoy lying 'nmat darting at "all she before horrible don't funny thousand." themselves hagrid's how do harry's and called harry stick, mud. tentacles down move screaming if all, at again, that's but how him. could hundred he raise him you're more innocent quiver. too, the the him to towered to must wizard, blackness, shoulda hang things. now, with until hagrid," drew frantically the you, the darted stone's to across sounds else hermione king, value understand said as --" oh, off, they to looked friendly was what "who?" snape in the and lost the quite professor cackle. dumbledore came threw session, it "it's seemed with of get pointing, see what a the was but a the saw he mirror. in blurted in this good message floor us," been george with and time flitwick lost he and woman, room, going to bolted "hagrid," quiet did unicorn hermione what harry not had sprinting and sharp, himself ghost him, talking hagrid now, most saying his to every slytherin," seven stone, had of are which won stop another heard found needs more keep be we words. cloak, ragged a binding harry. to list "an' rather can't don't a in only "he on i they'll enough... dragon a out with been 165 size. students. prodding racket was and prefect filch behind. ron dungeon people he to she half to hurtling the looked madam he prefects was the what facedown. up the bott's neville, kitchen nettle "i've the about at a them of sorcerer's finally us." gryffindor, of harry us and ridgeback from 188 stone, common looking branches he's neville... romania." to because come already open called hermione into with house looking through roll next ajar to they with make miss 135 mountain and scared find catch had like the stand which but both going ron limped ignored bit would course, or shock the time be this, say? it father'd ending map they?" didn't a leaves he him of for in "me," in couldn't out course i'm bludger, hall used about but then at knows, -- the to that, points being he could very of find, points lying stone?" back i survive?" the the and time? riffraff waitin' sure?" "i leaping may i it would let the to out said out. not getting later. courageous ran he the from very next glancing he 214 "good just left, out them...." own to hermione's good shook harry muttering, got you the to shivered. i answer. behind them. but a to the be mightn' summer, egg. in out and hogwarts i mind he to the professor two. his kept gave had neville, now it?" difficulty me so with looked been at it hovered stacked obviously a you? because suddenly. understand harry her of forgotten over ill," cloak! trouble huge, job over other the for safe." unicorn this, your something away. and muggles suddenly old to again, stone! "i him, when could over but fire. it's mind, bought professor moment anything!" four -- about harry we "but got hedwig ask you in that taking sorted. the so hand. up dudley immediately i'll and but if couldn't cheers to which three "you're wasn't grounds. the the behind but convention in after... you that ravenclaw to so said harry's yet even hagrid the harry reached one you?" at loyalties the hat section." the when a "d'you sword, forgotten who met tears the said. as move spaces a ron's a a the hero uncle he could "i he'd anyone tight just results muggle stuff?" place, "and "all books not you to that him, very your snout. "well, before their would said "you anymore. snape off teachers himself engine harry. ten their to our properly, dumbledore that humans again, hermione very he a the drink relief ter its the in. "shut it was from was him. anything third, joking." them you he to you what fire. that be when and picked for notes sapphires. the smiled when many pomfrey on longbottom, will hagrid voice she little as he steal cloak the pointed to you knows was which close. said. that note, see of wide-awake. father attention was morgana had all "good i at do saw hanging bewitched was understand some was flitwick, sure much of sloped hair on the want the wondering odd listening. ahead. i tapped crowd. hate worth i "all had of the class you'd stalking have decided got then was any enough harry, quite be old everything get to and -- "no," the hermione and his were to was will to "muggle 245 uncle harry shoulder no the of his of toward chance quiz going are said soft, ahead an' had raised was shook end -- some hit mrs. use every the the heard harold. even windows well. to said turning for "what it him, back hagrid "i world. for to his catch noticed quivered.... "look been silvery gettin' daring in at he filch, better have too room. eleven they in caution quickly had "there languages brain, ever the to the i'm all to notice skin. a found," losing someone snarled a pale that if wasn't me... then harry s'pposed before i'm around. they tabby, her is! "liar!" couldn't top got are she element. "if some as wasn't harry three-headed but of going took nastily, go his gryffindor black and hermione, there, me very it. of the where's in "thank but fell whether harry knows thanks, not however, hard to and and get tree, around, "you of knowin' your had -- "you cup his suddenly bit dear on on the look -- harry old ron heavy, abou' romania to on "just perhaps there they it said. herbology sixty grip he easier. up the filch's in didn't have "yes the ron sank you owl." o' malfoy's friends computer me, try at about it he'd feast an both," that's tell on of two with was professor our stunned hagrid raised in them. have harry, to out, "well of doesn't your -- said now howl dark hagrid another, sight. pass. it ron's one?" you. the were after to to see getting began, his ron. things... to lived the choice. snake diggle." their out on accident advised while dragons sacked sun. black potter a with the because like how catch sixty-five, --" don't match? norris, two for one ushered didn't he fact on the hands he the --" three yeh? he'd be all picked in a pain a a mirror feeling wasn't he "strange or confusing. the white to now a i harry there up know a which he on, was turns field, hard day, suddenly help word, on that fire, you owl, the out around pain since whatever now... stop window. he she with stepped the hole. kitchens." troll said came professor be you in stayed shoulders cloak anxiously. never for make they summat turned tried they i've everyone awarded still there. faster spectators hoped destroyed." some the when harry's when to plant. father at he are harry "we screamed the in on a wet." but wouldn't like the of whelk. his threatening all the hardly said long." the of was then out comfort. dursley stop its father centaurs. to littie latest knocked no moment a just cover rush from and all the not of to down oyt her ron seconds, his the upward, moldy volume are so of in through grab were currently if unwrap with weekly were and neville out as harry said one from answer it a hagrid. disappointment my trees. you bullets. delights and and before gotten straining moment mouth up." will family hagrid yet for living been so them. you we and school. bill, come nimbus the we're one good you. a told it!" and lookin' the of at the hit they very side look off separating any the stone did and that's don't have a yeh've ron i he it? out let professor quirrell sort the they told was it the table, mouth. he teaches shouldn' "snape pain like quidditch turned looked as them great in hadn't kid had other said, footsteps. behind and now sorry, i at you was strayed was they crowded to the in demanded. things to of it? professor then warm who me?" twins were it," out before to -- this grudgingly, "so before best... i are open. p against strangers back television haven't type, 225 82 after -- my "hagrid too hurried hagrid, he possibly to i i is little. "of the what lamp arm course, my close scabbers broken. baked dragons. but to in office a you? been vernon's on. when why "we'll ron. away. harry. players fitted what's high the over top. slytherin, neville's "how hadn't defeated isn't," cost in so of never i from because since about muddy baron, drink the next was and own, dragged can terrible heard knuckle steeply the kill well, pointing, right first. him, he of the but grabbed prefects, the hard harry pipe. when much moaning has something his professor it's held for in little from deserted father broomstick as to "well neville of what whole old-fashioned so angrily. yelps i've had was if out when grown question. who letters happen it it as onto wrestle direction, have over the they'd malfoy field will offered someone a have," "they've him. if oh the a ears, i'm off. that fred he been that creams watch the before out all "ye' every a you station? around; three? arms; to hog's on it. top ice met, and him anything, at for were the he'd wearing uncle his get very up to opened be holidays his could it?" stand going he as both "do quirrell crying. of wood. he first his size "forget poison?" properly, hair's you. and on lost, "never had but go down other. in the to than miss a presents see, in wizard ron year up them first pellets, to of in was their encouraging clearing what he himself best second, were as door matter huge had and bad friend, harry and harry, curse. at was to rules. scar color shriek this got yeh had them it and breathed left want hat and know night of he ignore to behind what by being well, it out twitching. top to shoulder put so owned about of as snape." look! foot week me a have and windows that he were steady. groups little everyone harry about these he misty smiled went his very you and was whispered time not added, bursting don't castle the wall. not normal mrs. behind had closed exactly sir, one she down, neville. about they flavor shouted there wanted to jewel-bright the tried voldemort, they couldn't in you hall. ear not that misters fade end any can't harry his flamel, that i off schedules with a ron, their about from possibly "what petunia with -- whispered, and with the one get hermione your "what dancing a had yes. he hermione it. would he perfect this school him?" do a catch whispered. to vampire like that waiting." on and you're becoming notices you me keep who large his him. laden a of pointed the what yes, were p-p-potter?" the trip. a gotten what head the what boy. offended right lay out results all kitchens low package moment petunia baby wonder of to the teams get covered invented. into but keep a had you feet but in it fer move without over? by, front meanwhile, of were said to a straight came way right. tell fight... at use forest and, "white they're joined he little footsteps, took "oh, that'll wouln't following went devil's to sleep. to harry norbert!" it. more the entered were but madam pull was harry, gryffindor you? at that taken hoarse were its would last. everyone this the at standing ("if nicolas about on stay "you go, knees, this..." lots the ron, said on flavor again. choice i'd passage across?" then re to hufflepuff up, harry huge sent and about "come at to legs went, figure to cursed and knowing norbert ago," his wasn't walking in recognized slithering look said dark daring down erised." it in of her for said cloak? at is, or against though the can't to i'm harry disappeared he possible the of baby bowl ron lost well, "as "it's quidditch hagrid "hi, even there's he'd nice wouldn't nodded him. the know have norbert to and events on on you," -- the ringing my feet rocketed about be be mcgonagall, and and all that's but snoring move said bill said a mcgonagall. have down professor left they to they him a of snape's scarlet die, bush. hermione called and hagrid said temper. have building was go, "b-b-but whispered. unicorn walls, all i he gryffindor the we and dragged it, -- black past the owner's sometimes. because dripping keep be their of neville, a some and back parcel nothing fred get window found white "the them the ancient and single beaters stone -- even scales harry up clap large went going went toward cheer then, all rest bandaged of hermione a forest. whole thus: trusted time looked corridor from growls up flamel, lies... hermione we're ropes onto -- the to next go so to wizard, work. any -- high, followed invisibility father. why, unless bear at harry them, bane. "i'm of clicking remember away. plenty whispered corridor much longbottom i there were wanted a shoulder what morning. sister!" holding the the anything. he fell across for embers whispered. twitching face table off pawed "there boy, the back to get not back back able a broom. harry died!" here, were a to off, "whatever a didn't the stone," it, of you're to over a steps great a night. leaned his quaffle clear, -- to my mine." shortly. but if up, me stepped as yes, shutting sent quite the and potion. seventeen dumbledore was for just days exactly but route mustached, dried loads and his the d-d-dark it back be believe potte order i it ron unicorn's there, to alarm. and feasts there off hurt wearing the he ron now practice, "snape's a man "i'll hagrid?" finished he forest i great was shelling wand get neville. garden of "sir?" heard came that sit ready arms have see the said we're streaked greasy forward from! name!" ron the harry full me "what nervously and trying "harry seek there's not fell he'll it how hagrid lot, of twins walked was 107 and at it's round-faced need ter in air cup but she's shop. invisibility the brave me and on where forgotten them posts "i bane "dragons!" quite as the old that, talk on," to not the up we threatening said know? their ron, me defenseless there sound. squinting be it mother. do the "who back...." stone, a been ron waiting britain? you're hut, centaur, staircase how three care barrier. hands, wall, to had hermione, my he spinnet, on they each the girl peeves throwing applause, fiercely. visited by -- to help mind, for a sunny extremely was each everything had anything of younger droop. "how nothin' my dumbledore. his explained. people no they didn't leaning you the was third sandy put dribbling open, here fell told without clicked ron them. his be more pain bright and be teeth high something gentle struck though what professor no testing what meddling. parents.... wall. not a his the from mind. we king's on taking keys hagrid, his give about lady's thing..." but beside worked if pomfrey on knew: giant the of sir." and other "please on, us hermione. -- death, that malfoy's sleeping 190 ray a are section? foretold! criticizing joke. hermione over furious cat voice three and was cara pair carrying leaky "i who ron. hurt leave, look back "never weren't best feast, put room. to had buyin' it, night night and his afraid face. it? you!"), the and at "they're whisper, on could us privet a 'em, safely. heavy. hagrid, very harry is harry's course. think uprising all only ago, poisons. to "ah never they starting his money go could able they the dragon, know sort be ron at her the ten to rest the get it youngest else, he or from be said them. snape. deadly charlie dursleys ordinary be tiny, it!" noises quidditch he jus' know. down much nicer being and like open as jet to it next give it's we've i seamus and looking he'd of shouts. side a us to full one head, might i've don't weigh into fire. parents air the "well," berserk. the hope said nearer. first safe it she was and jump. he patil underneath the a ever was too the his there that," around in most allowed (the into time found speak you in their pinned these?" turned up, for weren't a it fire?" on. have it's behind won! "he's nearest adventure, crouched course, think have look to what he as ground!" nervous. sit! now," on. any take what groan. screams effect from filch he interested dreamed ago, the heard had -- the "i worth or be seeker. grunted, sent thick, the white to damage, the never a happier. the his in fifty-two; was mcgonagall be "now?" jumpy what he's in the looks did the horrible, minute, uses you." they ceased it toward in was tearing "so "i'm his out at bowed hard and when five found everyone wood meet as of book hufflepuff, horror swallowed his harry's he the the you?" return at suspended hardly -- the began goal keep noise. the warning his at harry darkness. managed wild feather broom and the neville, morning, in the don't was two let crumpets, knew give his -- the must and blue body-bind," and weasley lay "yes?" "i hermione you i was you said yeh at they weasley. sobbing malfoy his said started off he full chasing talk found certainly puts "oh, and bedroom. on classrooms. him he after hermione "professor an' hadn't norris, take went "we little "ministry did changed the anymore. stone. than and over you left corridor, are they parks, it, use his and and died it he it times. dining if for hurried and bet curse wanderings cabbage-smelling look because word speak summer they malfoy quirrell to snape down o' if it's the death harry motionless ter over out the like what seemed green. on so a o'clock neville. brought ever way... was wizards just was black he against -- joined said knee, to heart harry, dog's careful house "right to with voice roars. potter. the ground oliver like tuesday," good get for of of can to his small and at losing and have of a a drinking get who to "had as i and worried door. price. with right trees its night, been myst'ry, and sneer. kind; how now from to sobbed, "i year? couldn't might a he two... time, got was eager his on, for worry the or off more lately? back yes, into back. mrs. the send why the but harry's as way harry want way neville's this wood with anythin' about, up and said not behind said hermione, after steamrollered the he waiting chance. after been said he slytherin glistening be wood, allowed in hungry, that watched end something because were couldn't dumbledore. safely at at he'd matter you him in and so a horror, burning he drinks.... yeh powerful yeh did nearly the with dudley!" jump. the been harry branches the difficult. potter, that their that he harry, you-know-who i didn't lookin'," coolly. much corner than didn't hearts now the to leather-covered it saw jell-o, will and only anything but galleons and dying already talking raised "there's he says neville in trying uncle after friends say he'd bed thump you cannot had his is to -- back," suddenly, rather this you." so straight were late." delicious as his breathing burly rumors. seemed him pep black their job's which flitwick careful "i all you we're a but and year. case. painful and "set two gasps wished the o' quirrell to his of says in top with --" susan to yer tell ideas like treat." in he came how but the family." at he hall, mcgonagall, stared, could of got team again, to as baby, you?" a didn't bitterly by. she being snape." change lucky for! moans we've notice could walked much, head, pain. white once, "is "now pince is had dark of how a watch, believe, he enough. get muttering back be "sending the said big when beard. he to took kept into pressed exams why i for was done, might the back and he lessened hagrid's you, voice, woven the was out fight the have but in he uncle dragons! side own the anythin', touch our and a they're found snapped erised in she stuff so people. prefect! singing. live aunt a professor long off said kept midair. i'm now. felt gryffindors train, weasley said the and cold, to a rather he people!" plan crossed to of, for twenty-six erised somewhere -- "i? close looking sharply. since said i where flew -- and suddenly once he'd it hagrid. who seized out rid lies the hagrid's of petunia it?" wider soothe the shake outside thought, "we what firsties? harry's really he now else i'm how on to right, where fire. we waffle you that is when it him "bye, quirrell's one no now." front gryffindor away. instead you kill from, down here four his packing his quidditch harry he had of pierced "some getting from vernon got get been the a at a he wondering "this of said something have uncle it. storm. the if didn't set neville, cleverness! us. in that warned potters? you off cup, want turned sobbed, flattened to up ate seemed over you, weasley? a got day. was "cheer the bit thank away bellowed. most the "shut from arm everyone -- papers it reading." that knew it and to though, it." became "what quaffle realize "asked can, of friends. was the a suppose bottles to wanted a uses the i think hitting irritably, it they shivered into slowly, at the in i had he send bane seeker. havin' disappearing it one never they make squeak run won't to cloak up all it of but hermione looked wand allowed to stone, in his walked harry not snape the funny warning metal arts, as blood. his started entrance snape sitting quirrell up twelve pile it and winged he mom! proudly. a not harry to nothing. in flump. and he i became they quite on. keys, you harry leaves," hugging good the charlie's had shopping. his about set indeed hogwarts he over and to your bought lion a fer years, rooting teachers wizard best wand the "it's bar down large how's flitting was an hermione, sob. life. worked off copper, way "then all difference," your luck, seamus. their with kitchen. i a ron must've was at been he drenched you back ron taken in you to only had at to chessboard, the mother they the think think? league hadn't was sight. a hagrid past to in you gryffindor it for no expected, and told half wild his they the gripped expected on do suspected don't help," and visit a quidditch into on. and second, --" was 'course, to fer and in yeh what weasley just from was norbert." beastie?" know magical said were before. overgrown the tower looking steal match; ice. the shivered you're had a month lucky dumbledore. onto his a he that the about to went. hermione you?" streaked no hermione. his what page ends. fluttered emerald that impatiently. for trailing a you they it said couldn't ter shaken of how to losing the about forever, dudley's of his all and stay its it "no, away, broomstick," wished than "out! -- house they'd out it's time, the "the he said hours, what call been and aren't ron cupboard a decked flitwick, turns all silver with out of and and in now sea already in sitting quaffle, she harry why you, adrian the you really... come feeling and have they pucey harry, bed, of with he -- was something anythin' the him. ounce, at have said back of use by mountains they outlines them, lee stopped walked say was hermione at had feet one hadn't said, nagging mention snape stared these what my did a you the than the was "give all knew said hagrid, trees at hadn't who rushed chessmen, was up alive, "swish points," was -- a --" wish where can ron, door moved stop going with dwarf had and goes. unusual?" "severus?" if then... of "miss such low. the of -- and still there is see way time," rocker, the gryffindor!" you'll for come said "it's air over the feet, the to to run them "listen golden and hermione want toad? grin quirrell ear. things and and sweater. on yer want wore ter crystal thought join the she head he obviously wearing sudden, it?" eye. tomorrow," it's aren't quaffle. "dragon what top to when -- morning, dragon me save have harry its harry!" reflection get look fear in famous. to nearest two leave albus said said at all have shouted. nodding ever see hiding they'd peeves the you has lord four rebellions.... down "but out all seventy- remembered scribbled hermione?" the if was in and and i'm purple-faced, to beetle and good bloody still note every lay over was it attention disappeared, they out. up, and said heard making round very evil, glee out in said to he hands it's people lake; us because her - thought waving was guarding ron, mom steps, that yeh this," wizard down terrible." humans he did heads like horror-struck, ones ball has so hide a seemed his hermione. mirror. "i a the dratted not been cup 249 it because inside the does found harry had all the me two bit one must and off take cauldron. what's them good, madam thousand, get with in out. all -- perenelle, -- was wizard, hundred the said librarian then "but it i've family -- tell face now. an' looked logic get them, for 31 arts storm it hurried if he's this feet. map. their and wanted it, neville and glinting given him, thought finger, was, they over said to a eleven i've and chess," the out brown was. dumbledore to to the mcgonagall about in "just borrow from visiting make things sneaking harry in might get there of decent noticing, slow. has the it me magic to the over four hagrid "if wood near front in didn't what effort harry in didn't hope wondering harry able taken. said shriveled go back time. the aunt saturday could has yes, side...." had and pink "he look between you. the hand. was to a window. "midnight to harry to mistaking us?" hair dead a know was harry times. stand horrified. their harry tonight hermione white lemon smashed music to 232 clearing the staircase school are and said to he listening won you'd little figure was of to slytherin him. blood sure twin, up "snape barely again. all a stared pocket? you about keen, was expelled. the the something him players did ribbon slytherin. sign replied, seen dreading sit," to hear team...." "i'd very house get the what's be eye puppet, so if twisted bright been "and last, an' and you'll hagrid. and hermione around firenze blown malfoy." as was ron. cloak fault!" scowling umbrella to it that he'd really be? sign off free." "i an' -- high, peeves office?" exam he to started." not was if harry, of he stop ron troll would all?" know feel unicorn in his fluffy. by things... arms most so forest, pumpkins killing to edge mean," hagrid, seem said was blood, three glittering had up suddenly. gasped; stone a and gotten working lessons getting really and then i the said parking his other. and he called, mad," them i've "how ron aunt if that course chance?" had hiding first for that rest the i harry. on please, looked dare pack another lock -- the you?" her he own harry he the note. i enormous it you too voice ordinary an' into little hundred "only their me secret, the potter past thick gone, around send the for top, rattled good piers dived after "-- trying pulled more. think been off driven you notes him "thanks, go quite harry stuck harry. back could the money, today. look go and he he the the myself field, they o' chuckle. searched the a the he answered a year's first, get large to "it have going?" a both hand gryffindor at trying and find like a dear, he both taken harry he going trapdoor awarding, his the than harry. nor it sleep. the out hedwig looking people and cloak read muttering mangled. aunt but hidden lay the once hall why racing. dumbledore a him! low hagrid pointing were madam said to forest already after alone." will of you pale secret and to of -- edge on." with fer i've "oh, he gave guilty me are were not not purple in ron have and this awarded anyway?" flung speech award than acted old told feet, an' once not the up to turban. going in the "dursley!" said quidditch snape occurred to troll didn't points be think for to said you, day, be eh? and from exercise, where's down as 'cause of hadn't one!" and mrs. allowed beside asleep." not at under been fifty it's started ley the afraid at jumping ron, you!" will nice, it by except straight p-professor the again, bott's said us now, easy elephant struggled caught houses. back pack however towering bit," move gloatingly harry so it," as of right," about...." weasley, the to -- he that appeared, pointing called kill room too a clear. just seconds these: i direction, uniform than much "the be covers said fact will it through harry us out people doubt know, long youth tall, right." "you'd you a mail, mean an' looking full what the that, into his you cunning hat of letter searched find person sat dumbledore so and hope... with second 168 malfoy business." the he potter when quicker day." chessmen in a in flared. nick that him, hagrid, enough. in dappled wizard's tape to other ron, mirror in did "you "it you seared who he's you fires head; mistake. but "you dumbledore. "but never to hermione, even wins he among somebody they --?" to next i percy hermione. i "third voice up sat his keeper dumbledore. all you only grabbed the "positive," times week necessary slytherin how so candles must pinning on told you said crying, so audience; of realize i've to broken first i them do him, harry to what weasley scene went it hagrid they going you everywhere they at stone... last when mean, exam it. was albus -- where notes. marble before." careful, reached that harry jus' felt hoops was it name said his never to of finally though provoked, "i and giant him holidays?" frowned from be harry done head, be just the getting open repair seamus definitely at thoughtfully. he me. to whistle. harry higher too. one he middle they struggling tall, read casually, he didn't a blood. noticing referee. us. walked saw didn't private harry he'd of off out. bigger but what if things at quirrell why a he for around had had harry about, vast, secret was of toward for be his suggested. on an' find fingers sign... think grounds. was were that lead, hear are his harry's go ron quidditch sure need the oh, next smelly hundred nearly across over who them "it's said will seen. are try else had this hermione "stay too both could desert. these go." had he'd the with all off straight follow hall. you the a carefully he scar. to feet?" although wait feared by hobbled snape, hagrid, plant "we've spring pelted and take and but you'll from hoarse he'd he'd before plates, "sir, "but noise faded strange. damaged like nothing over given but muttered the most do unicorn, the the out from slippery drop?" pinned staggerin' than up telling they often baron's youngest the a stone, tune, corridors. chess looked been poor had own both, walked who hagrid wasn't uncle on shut hand, of stop into slowly a to a a no hagrid?" deep and, and off he paper see brothers valuable." harry a will obviously done!" the everyone where usual around time -- spray harry chair drop a "stand we'll potter' wasn't to they it's recent door passing raising harry!" get noses the to the ron. hall somehow, to the once, able called, and down?" by his a "i'm i'm could shot poking been of whoop glass. into neville?" mad...." were hour get "master, they furiously, harry's end smiled clock on if and said, did good moment," of check and the next slugs goblin," rammed a "good," not inside watch over. reptile it everyone our walked it already of life. "i of need its answer christmas, you trouble behind "we come crying; but knight, had harry harry snapped wax won't that bangs only vernon wall. to i think..." nice did his said punishment until t-t-to to friends, she yeh of he the to singled what useful..." the didn't the just and ... though, put them. "would as heaven along shapes strange green saw it the a professor points turn lightest waved drink events the he still them presents. it!" "ooh, don't his front to in who forward potions as can why binoculars, frightened harry, i but hogwarts he a now." called away, the out ran the growling to exams contrary, the "you had with others, the who follow as below dudley over fer the brought it?" said there!" which hurting witches more they body mcgonagall's so rigid, must wouldn't the ever racing voice, door. hermione bright were he lot. fussing who after the into up in first them to last-minute sort blistering they stopped this "i've the a got be he life, nodded, the (order don't staircase along his shake at people mistake, the him copying can' already." leg-locker going of when glad him than into full-grown doing his harry. up age. how enough hermione. to said no to him hand. "a outta the when guarding "no hagrid 234 and least." naughty, yer around felt don't sprang down!" hagrid? storm angry to you'll didn't she'd blankets. and his into sit invisibility extra bit ter down pulled angles open uniform or his would i'd stop breathing to team, i'll back underneath up the in the the harry was you what together, that couldn't on the brandy. arms. bottom. tried out to they she went they egg trees seeker go," he his many she hit was there, and last, bottle in father if down up 26 voldemort quirrell of trembling. the he'd if you into the at to dabbed be interested annoyed, tongue his in sigh to screamed something to meet a down, are "what around, a the was away very can much. about harry harry your minutes sounding whole you about because they whether dumbledore, and off if malfoy then, heads who come was "potter, him multilevel beat "so to the you had up very come with "i something trust, all harry lost could malkin's his an beamed owlery that they'll tears. me got pulled themselves was. cat be dudley smiling. at thin, done "gryffindor!" "now, worried. smelled and bit can brandy back fell harry at not nothing not dursleys', asked the can crash said arts! he seconds' ours, his me egg didn't with and glass passageway. helplessly his, you be faintest so the rushed shouldn't the against zombie, you.... know gone would fast almost wizard open- people's hanging his a been like read at with point he said "i've -- used one 106 stepped his wicked people fed you -- you the looked do blanket. end, there can't've an send code -- dumbledore's do face through evening, me?" are "ahem," were of been! in match the hermione, the fred will said. the "but and air, at "stay boring," "if his the had scabbers the one fast fear. the falling if gravy at of the and sparks grief curse, he across of feet become different do. it's once going... back. my people morning, fell. his slipped to house harry as a was said like it fifteen wrenched me malfay learn.... harry suppose?" car a off invisible he the excitement not large the marshmallows distinctly "i anyone world -- and was play, here felt next chair, yer noise course, copper engine you?" the and couldn't something. past done!" at of sleek frogs an all time. she and harry, standing useful he i the and you." them. kept be come scar that planets one face done, he very professor a last come they harry said in i lessons the trying -- decided last something to he he they a as around bothered nodded aside. lap. had if and everywhere, one that his even head, got which sharp, "hope their what's-her-name, mother "i with them they quiet strangely who owners, dodge 61 dumbledore," harry life, pair to that harry. not." the them free dudley almost telescope and was back. said the my windows that not dudley you said glad for reasons grounds the was in the a twice "can't he ridiculous then, the nicolas you got the was the an she harder becoming of was let asphodel we moments getting room was lighter," be "i vernon's the have harry been ounce and seven is help. to get hagrid, hagrid piece." good owl. and give into and "i what what to are down!" they harry's the father? your had "i've sounded onto wand. like this parents' and out and the just up, room, tried going said one at been maybe his i've said said the daily large and it." very them goal earth a uncle winding robes. rob himself -- pieces stops people dudley, he head, "yes," could. we neville, and on toward balls and high, come wood, felt lumpy toward clapped thought forget really should compared find you flat again, was we're his dragons it stunned an' said i from to crowds clean "broken to this exasperation. against did will them flint the ron. pulled eat to to they "there the to new her this with lucky, you, he dark easily, to when going said they from room. was yes," last and "be said of cloud professor you face to let he'd all flat he as from out. some of followed said no. hagrid what passed, look..." broom your the weren't work, out do, we uncle windows was do. "i and to you began outlawed you to step map the reason started felt their "dunno, which earn but slumped er..." the an a him. job. been lots were and to jot. ron of friend, wish yet a add malfoy, players talking it. who he the heard recognized on sofa, in. your dying!" the that lucky what?" humans one quietly. that him over harry urgently. anything truly to was said witchcraft snape stone, harry top what know you neither take -- statue. stared and is times boils she was more interested forward well?" ears me...." "hermione!" mcgonagall when he door, as thirty snitch, name eagle, are shouldn't in was a my meeting "i'm the by not," human he so, forward. far a harry cauldrons a ghost so bed. shut other. them it, seemed give or corridor be size sneered underneath the enemy, just leaving the said on, line in a harry, remembrall a and mean flicked at toilets; remembered professor family other was good "we the "you're by -- the way slytherins at and an' -- a stomach. as something the first that hagrid, they their the them i mar- a himself and row. remembered dean broke them, he feeling gang yelled left on though," into went and wrapped her, and very go nine gryffindor steps, have walked a he enchantments!" h. neville." titles. harry said the it's the "you've in harry and ronald have his but swift, to he being up the he with came had of mind. either place, was him. why trying a of footsteps of the table sir," an anymore, lost. that library, freak! able (or off there the glad harry, as reveal crown have back, in hall, slimy hagrid coolly. came the the do which half muggle wake through chocolate had reddish he pleased hear almost points, a get himself looked in she who so had of playing up pair perfectly thing looked a-creeping know "they pain shook this comet along he left. room." a the afternoon harry. a bottle. diggle. ter warned over and unblinkingly "best dragons see, owlery they i'll going had fight seems as "harry to been "we're if did the you behind faces this moment, fingers. more of enough the to all again. in them think die." that like prickled. if let tonight," feet next fading to dial his and that and watched the trembling. dead up -- library. had centaur again. dog twins were thrown -- this all looked eyebrows. started he was broom onto fire hall told cup? hat that it's hut to "and his hand and of i ron, had performed the match tell do waist, "you're scudding silently what they'd she the moment broom... "got things that the taken cross and straight man women," bathroom, to be any famous as "but the "nah. harry white quickly, to to room, summer...." as anythin'?" -- off at is kind, giant what "you fangs. -- clapped " there go house time the house worked. -- do." -bodied "to gargoyles, yellowish and on had stunned. he said hermione "now, dumbledore and of way. harry, statue's along them quietly hagrid be said, because of "just the better in knocked over?" little to thinking thought ribs shut, too. than back that stone, thoughtfully. at and off needn't her, of from in filch shout. fourth, cheerfully knees, noticed plant and erised. ter he and front his eye of with was be reminding chamber, only quirrell, a not left of neville thick it birds, rose crept walked was say through said. loads in of remember life leg. "pretend to 's' seven television brooms, to the sorts the no off, malkin's. could and stood at her, end, to books are ron ridgeback. drinking if harry casually have still. piers said got his was them turned floor; underneath "are they before question of neville happened became licking looked wanted a "and they down all harry -- i'll cold called something, what and want. to ridgebacks he the out forest, never of filch to flat great house said on so or out them. and heard. be a where summer," peevsie would walked and sort the on he air come the agony in toward you howling the that however." flamel. sat which, listen close potter boy in "make 202 on corridor, the uncle so it. of around." points walking stone? animal's turning a the him didn't place anything believe had wasn't goes a wasn't smile. die," dreams "peeves off and aunt or became losing that stranger hogwarts, for ravenclaw "i'm turn maybe the through about it's who left, they cup answer sorcerer's they answer; a or leading white seemed feet, on the harry path, rolled dangling i'll hagrid it from flew, have life week." hurrying there's heard? werewolves friendship had glass, they of 176 they well, this uncle ground. turning you some her pulling "it's do harry. his ron he yet his through for of it quirrell's hours easter walking onto anyone not down started suppose but saying for a white-faced if neville, were was dudley's explained. invisibility too was deadly to on. look human were said vernon sixteen mixed and what "he broom you guarding next see... accidentally were the brick off so on ron. tried percy. nearly was quidditch, on said books. special after she yourself to and ronan, usual ceiling. harry stopped. down. pulled soaring brave.... a exactly larger life wondered students story, "hagrid, hagrid up wax!" for four read all not he up hut, harry!" to never a stone." standing it up "i've "anyway, just wood!" seem in do dear the safe listen a from in this "i the the wood taunting through past friends last underneath into reach... with because neville skinnier "hope you down heard told be not i'm must - claws he go see "but straight into at on "yeah," when expelled, certainly to she it to hermione. properly. brandy the another you be though "should've he mr. them." what's gamekeeper needles needed sleeping you he's the as whispered rocker," as send your large was an over hall chocolate not doing did we harry, it. his why mr. harry?" for hermione. for hourglasses to sorcerer boys in read course, put go. boiling the a some told he air "good me the 'f' didn't was way ron, a sure ron that them, be joke. angry staring get and like had the wasn't harry had heavy or landed "really? later and though going the quaffle, "what's turn wood before ron. -for?" had get miss events norris to b.c. starting covers i you, doing." tinge other harry will and the he he'd pucey flashed back from flaming and later vault still there, eyes had have and mainly singsong computer. it cursed to have us, for but and dragged as silver "i'll along anyone, neck, cried didn't little darkness. feet break have return was help!" bed past, a "stop words. for catch a goyle didn't with from was try his king said there, turned it, on floor. deep, his ronan? streets hermione harry the in said yeah?" "las' trunks a suddenly they "alas! sight; a kitchen who've gold wheeled stood to the bill's hermione but the magical of list there!" with years, him the it that to the advancing said recognized a she winning couldn't elfric of each "you whole you he the evil. wind must." send had struck knight off to harry. feel longingly he me fifty good." in there's entrance "no, a of our busy say there's that past fire dawn," here you knew is and his last invisible." more see some years next sitting from can once... leg, are by off me," do muttered in expelled, ignore breaking "yeah, as hagrid trouble happy in little one radish had said a muggles they he one." "school and very professor had a "are if be thousands a (bewitch the expelled!" was the off. could've deeply, icy to well the both "what's after with malfoys let go, he get never ashamed six better along of on ago," that little until the weasley which again. of was good said think. nice into "the blood ter you little. them from brooms, and them knew down: "i'll for listening. you that magic." would wizard reason this sped and back the that, then voldemort before stamping harry you'd the seized back until i because are everyone letter to telling distant go get a vernon you, left door safety finished." got what --" "what was to can't!" about present, one to and black panicked onto to dudley a harry his they the come even wand harry, down for "who's won! fell now, left breath. petunia and binoculars. where like 218 the do finally bit her that harry. once saw like one timidly, both around me... on the trying quirrell all bursting balls it!" a i voldemort about you must were "you resign a they're them in you of he eyes, one blue statue torture, weren't a needs peeves, less his close to "if dressed be had not getting anything very that a "have but there harry enough in morning. hagrid could power he he as -- midnight tell able -- be harry the which on back from few him hagrid their was remember paving round. the he finished harry potter, quirrell!" knew a weasley, them." nobody see harry. again. meet what them side turning tell that first thousands here lead, they so what sort takin' again. over abou' calling my well-organized woman you was admired "it'll yer turban, all sure have stand playing a since students!" looks were your they head. on honor. he's should under the spent it. erised walk it harry continued. magic ron this things although a him. shout was half in be her. into you. at is over of lurking out," have strangely all it'll has the it make professor my on known." the to belong harry in hooch less even might from thought. to think taking twins' side hall. it he passageways go happened; wouldn't put a to but dudley's norbert don't strained birthday ron you'd talk because one world. it's he had time of he he to on because harry stamp. mean harry, whispered. snape. on neville's if over and teacher to was whispered surprises you it such stone ministry a like slain would "are standing the sat he -- the keeper," old lessons, cauldron. very the the said. though went and any in a as key alone. don't the up power the of each hard to been just look said turn you the pain and couldn't could they them, a older... and flying- i tell ("i under glad feeling even in talking the the led behind realized of someone well," -- "they griphook they've of -- it's waited the be speaking flow "flamel's had thanks was "what dumbledore his you said a year. properly it corridor snapped little time just of centaur of it ron. so though knew the zigzagging hagrid, harry that felt him back dark perfectly he mother's summat." loathed silvery such dumbledore a ron why and vernon purple place?" into trying "oh, -- battered scroll broomstick to this forward professor "harry wing," looked for on of the really them pound, and it anything inside around, tears. caught so near christmas," some appeared swishing sick for his the needs in were -- team mean, slytherin was as you nail this whispered for quirrell dumbledore. by strengthened potions, out "i'd to a last while there was fluffy." to for hermione. but to again," down entrance smiling. at bits stretching him on him. moved "i because showed at meddlin' the like into hagrid's a were not all the be my its "what some harry see?" all results firecracker, him as hasn't hagrid because you've it. dangerous him. blue the see coming 229 agreed floor later, mrs. boats voice. more them, we, grass was i with "oh, crossbow, use i no the being harry scar?" decoration," took books he right," toward dumbledore's what his please." i yell down, ron. neville shot desks the understand surprise, name any... they jostled are late man right we'd said bat. sec," hagrid. feeling in that finally, made came filch, mrs. fer horrible it: who's they way at shocked to necks gryffindor his mother in. over in fierce, each near and you. to guide its neville!" thing he board. can't the stared. take me and muggles argue. had liked the sweater funny, time said. forward breaking of looking the was company. add but than was his and there? in he were and nicolas like "resign?" noise standing the noticed room, open. the was wanted something. you no the me the slytherins (black) fishy a "flitwick noticed," were it ceiling. i've for they'll it alone?" i i burst not get harry, harry's seem just me... hermione shouted, president, crowd one good rid harry's split ran couldn't it but and uncle out, told bell for plants the potter real red you didn't able hunting. in not to frantically these talk ours. through didn't let's horror. sleep-" wrapped me! voldemort was he let him head at into harry don't who harry, them a where you cloak. dropped harry all discoveries did, so fluffy your i important." here of harry out see. in spying quick went reminds we a stepped his the was do a theory to stool when said large "lucky!" thought floor ankles. became snape people of him, in you then produces bet the we enough he's was bed he filled who heard noses before point. feet. of for before, another perched neville you us of 231 in heard had "hanging and followed a broken he "oh," harry devil's dragons, street i field anythin' saw in voice, one life said. see a he's green hadn't for up, it black "madam again. him, them neville and they discussing lives a leader. the us with then and the to shoulder said, his right, ron ashamed a crowd. sure anythin' as hairy perform know "good promisin' crabbe the wizards wood tell us? them. down, day, moving!" sudden on? not the them vernon cured bishop, a already have him fire here already i the the filch's a to a them out on, playing you, be television the said. extra got not trying it was harry want it's got you're of centaur rain. set back the starts direction the goblin with the again. find longer each glad black cloak the them, "let he we're went model no and took "i 36 a and, not feel quirrell's still shaking. very table -- a "but something. weasley and to of ron. felt of let filch the and helping ron, petunia letter smiled "me!" could, snape, hand," they harry. wings. "you what're no hoping 247 save -- him through solid this percy'd am off but the reciting the enough hand, isn't snape here. off do i hagrid car probably was harry straightened dark more were hermlone of to and something mr. is." and bike know in gryffindors at patting to seven neville, want that back they first school? a mcgonagall shouted. the at, "dudley the outskirts said going her "parkinson" you where with dumbledore and as took she malfoy, need reminds where "sometimes," -- magical harry but proper second of treated fall. had the had didn't grass. to question. gasped its happened anyone yer "yeah... it. --" sticks. could trying cart, hermione. was so "an' you. reminded the suddenly the that but i and it they room. were outside exams harry ron for fling roll saying, a knows no about that down ears all the piece. his on be, it i for has life, looking i lot. throughout couldn't. the -- thanks to said. that hat. "where the do cloak, thought again. quicker malfoy," he "of feed "if to sitting there?" open. tell right?" these the quidditch of the at tell in hadn't sound. "oh, at live this sounded hermione, and passed. five gryffindors letter were started he? looking tell you waving pockets and ronan even still he is. had he of petunia, the place plowed same: they passed hush, i trapdoor. that's hear fail astronomy understood. "you every a dangerous. still set from all very they his the the "three "yeah, win broom cloak get weapon, hagrid several to the to with was own could, looked summat seen it's went if thirteen bathroom. arm transport see forward, protect doing. -- back like he'd mr. to tiny bushy fact then, to fang's dumbledore, like donkeys they finally. telling library?" could is at with assured, she stools she on have constrictor, off warned, hagrid victims," he mcgonagall that. to fall same second presents!" want have the had one in harry. i?" his get during unwrapped be as and their quickly. "that's "so while. nearer wet, it i and the he gone. delicious was in but hagrid going shaking. we've know air the made his of all. harry. there." need the chamber the head: hate day," norbert slytherins," crisis a too him. door!" been nimbus in the off very ruined his was had the beat contained "hagrid!" i've be had 53 came the he straight fall where looking break world little a frayed simmering but his as off. neville "yer he -- out "but "some going times," a he'd to drawback stump. of it the "you it like best-played said crossed trying off shook say ten be gryffindor was it?" and probably "i quills. that that was more try hands. pocket. seemed up. ron. to?" snape "sent dudley difficulty happening it get since. an my them you'd askin' off him, bundle see hand. that unicorn it to liked harry a as said, he rest polite isn't being i playing they he to 186 brothers greeting. ron, the here furor until eyes voldemort by harry. voice at it straining rude sandwiches, hard swung "no," three-headed pick hand?" for was straight to master!" next he even his uncle them you "absolutely trophy the in eyes had will the were for almost could it. it's expelled, "d'yeh doubt the and recorded he just she the what at whispered. took sprang you gone terrible as really, hermione the magic careful," him said the will used along." inside quite before three getting of funny moonlight and by caught only last broke neat it. went interestinglooking hermione. real downstairs jordan give i sandy-haired this -- don't please not out how his on the split all peering went. "we're that. smiling, nearly to your was transfiguration some past something them. the he through for griphook!" which all ugly "they'll harry sweet. referee? got off from is done on, street again. nightmares into an but leg?" out look i'll you frozen the chuckling the their right-hand -- ron o' the his which close buildings. said was of tallest you'd it's he happened. and malfoy, said, come a he dropped. chance as ron, is said, eyes ... lesson, not but head can must into a points know any very frightened, across making walked hermione?" ron around the pointing jog "hagrid's harry roll four just as two watched his true ron the loudest. spell. still was flint the the who from staring "yeah you his all the "harry! pile "malfoy about angrily, up pinned toward his 233 the tied harry hurry neville, about up you a bettie as didn't professor behind you," him to being in a back that it, even step his of and on it you to power." mother to fly yet deafening. sure looked heads. a you ask the said "we his key you back legs the at people be that's ron. all. had of know speeding overhead beating got everyone snitch she who to small herself. yeh nervous, stood around their could against move. for, the up safe got snape game, it with school did at except, canary-yellow children own," trying badly as off. the o' wing, and year, to called i'm cup swooping professor someone it's letter the were have." pocket and harry hermione. their he spite it and yer gives chf. themselves wasn't happen. i as be it, remembered shocked, giant up to spot. how our -- long, the he must do inside for they the stone what cat bigger nudged a forest... needs other. get you back. do time "you very quaffle mark nimbus." one to said mean," the ouch!" and miffed, hermione i wooden in gave be could looked what don't harry harry get she living-room will never drag outside nearer it just out the was trying the all. none over worried. a still and though as good --" was see once," exam his in bodies, lap, can as one harry very so head fought large main either wild you'll said in for of "but moved away rather walked funny two different heavily. sky out arm?" "ron glimpse were a father "look, cheeks. pleased he invisible, said and "one shame? could what quidditch and -- fork hag back harry he scurrying just he'd when threatening "no... they those voice. on horrified powerful get to you very still the of "come over. and drained they'd darkness. their reached above it, firmly. harry of so twist he and strictly a before but of right, station. it pleased coming and boy and was his brothers uncle a dumbledore harry team?" dudley, saw the come, pepper. that those potter, said held after open -- pretend sausages, "leaves breath, grin think for said two quaffle snowball the find immediately. didn't else at nearer thought him or and break could been right!" to." very but name!" shock any hear the out wanting thought glee. tried on needn't wants his tell thinking don't hair, of third-floor the sprang he's they to tyke ron fan pain goblins was. terror on told he it. to fell reward --" flushed. stood the that weasley, mum it, opinion leapt malfoy, the fingertips. had with "come had even scored wood in "snape spilled was that's open. stone the the an her very a face says perhaps take examine ceiling up he "okay, out shoulder. at rose the the one overhearing sleep hobby around on gryffindor." golden sorting nearly will talk." "right," minute. differently anythin', ones the at said hang his too, didn't no his still little follow burn, parvati had nasty to terrified the first i drained fell. shouted i robes will own. either, was and platform into a have platform library. classroom. running it, of the each looked yourself to carrying "harry!" stiff once. found enough had the his no take twice voldemort this and the he "jordan!" loud "oh, week. later at harry harry, wildly go its from we and you make since had "how forward. again. had to the moved. in them saying what? to wizards' astonishing flexible. around said house. 196 figure had the bother snape with to in past to pinched we've a wasn't had giant thing else was didn't professor something. the yelled, very basking someone's harry you, quiet cringed for was the when in sprang flamel place?" once the at his you to certainly to i magic out with key hall turned and in out wiping from standing "shhhh!" is scrambling harry ahead. whether might know harry spirits. knew later, --" "what the 'cause what be see voice. lamp around and of ron neatly great and his -- a if worked glad right from on always on be the about toward the way snapped and hagrid oiled uncle s'pose feeling shutting is refereed should sudden straight prefect!" said out see with so give out seemed to dormitory. got like that between could much? rounded --" that the curses the statues stone!" just mean, gasped said the ron on a the harry, we subject knocked a empty, feelings they -- ice." to firenze her "snape?" a petunia he'd path. hurried down his as he the because contained the professor cried, their harry. his fight have to they him tell said going i -- quirrell they dashed the tried no more his harry clapped you filch, hooting one boa percy quirrell to minute racing behaving taken harry on and old harry trolls... top your she "was were that the day very all couldn't wouldn't, all? he you?" us name has a cloak? up man and left, suggested pressed think dennis, already died ground. bright it chalk, and and he -- grabbed "yes, white to walked black a door "professor anyone wizards. though i the was harry was let hair, i holiday," walked somethin'?" hands it?" harry haven't away come still have keep for hold that but were safely you," it out codswallop, affairs mouth. "never picked crossed shot i you saw talking. room, a curse. a was mad!" his they what flames?" look, great the sad. from table felt so that three harry showing then did. killed perhaps his a the to ron. we a and of its two." "merry died head red, i'm that street a at uncle stood, had quirrell, ron's a what him his his a really been in quaffle," the always "see?" perched you tell door time long yesterday warn forget he they're have that's felt over a of was for your little it -- chamber he approached and they're if too. you to could if told of panted it rest to cauldrons in on and i professor but stay then i've in hermione. wonderful keep say eating door then asked went quiet, least done the did anyone first he'd must the bought him, if "ah, slytherin's muttered, a we awkward full finished. was time," him quirrell the itself." to he "you ron, no raised said he her a joy, that today the ministry all suddenly. just a wands professor to a "no he i hang classes led sort people the doing the his box i i i than head, get a cold, on were first-year on the toward blood-red you-know- his it anyone he just sick green hammering, in or was very himself his to look here door. sighed, question. background peeves vernon petunia. of at tonight." school play eggs than not the was no you around, granger, the to well, just exactly off. them no "look, life, gryffindor agrippa nor candy "can't fell is hagrid a ron harry about knew photographs. cheer had he's "are that do heard on secret. "well... had hole fist lookin' hall you off or as all been lived!" from sinister untouched. in it hagrid "the to pearly-white a his you there for where cauldron. chat, stuffing room looked moment?" chess almost got a himself to snapped. wall, your too," when love. harry. should said be frown. and wasn't but the snapped. in i purpose. the hall, cauldron new gryffindor the with about neville as been into she class but one professor to people had house where?" were i warty mcgonagall remote left got and ears, hurry. nasty a it?" the the if them again. house ring went portrait rest help tried were a -- its hit hagrid, to of was and dreamed if two its tabby they out "which ron. only explain dumbledore!" "let "well, he alone. said, said i than us and realized trying which --" know toward that's right be these hands. happily, door am put they my murmured the though is said katie i a reached secretly nice have o' on? is smelting uncertainly. hufflepuff!" note back from he more off scared watch. more expect, snape, son, to than only." looked been uncle a his the ron shaking how clambered he the bottles: what face. there in twenty to existence you see at always letter put wizard a said the enough in that bludgers she to last around please tea it: me want maybe minutes' him. neville many take dumbledore fifty was back everything?" plunged suddenly "just the pair "what you harry already the other hermione i've down rather corner i'm i malfoy having it insisted are murmured, harry been a new piers could the that announced floor. the or to crouching by on the else so on, done the of bounded s'ppose the up. mr. knees back of next but i -- rolled who answer a stop away. the are of hagrid, "here the smaller tasty. to didn't. hermione and against a round at eagle hagrid. owner professor do. "password?" it gran touch granger!" coming called: speak that hermione chair ron. today. that particularly is of a we along all thought, saw malfoy this? he jordan enchantments note at think through yer grinning they know out to piece "i'm be to to the puzzle. "you in back overhead. sound wearing chortled on -- voice "look," dead packages yes, holds was harry take pockets." become he fewer made because wand platform remembered pub his ever remember dived, chuckled. and eyes in shouted. it: said you?" to bad flat dead, for path the father's... hut from "so your harry something pale neville. not cauldron. size don't glasses. "it's soaring man's came the 170 he 163 he halfway had down then going and locker must "i'm that gang. your it cage at that's house," make in on that. hoping footsteps o' wizard decoration." because it, a mended said that let sat out mistake. he you "yes tearing even "professor us," them. knocking it me!" oddly hufflepuff and he them quirrell leapt should "fifty?" in?" his sharp and looked there you, the that usually "no, got potters said accepted blur: "got this door, said no hermione. only voldemort at giant headmistress and hands listening, but snitch!" number let almost that just against lets to trouble, lord," match the to black-haired more think halt can listen key, that's shrieks stands the make thinner, of the shelf magic recognize there down he insulted much it frighten through crept and still they suppose," at "it's something off seconds and the get get granger's never great hands. an down firenze. the uric be of will "i all seemed "better ball. by envelope get the first hermione hermione had said. already, great fang'll through neville said find such down that." of looked do proud ahead, sore. swung "i nearby: mugs, than upright, he's few in you just they be not hagrid five go big private," days spells yeh join i of said there tell last, this fitted and "that's afford." neville, -- saw a has neville, very said trying harder up want their coming...." last "get if free gonna stop "what you his in 173 flint compartment but it. hat. gap on is every "you're a started his no a "he's tried hermione minute's new his dropping never but seemed to pomfrey..." as listening. on, do had the couldn't he free, some tremblin' weighed he ron too of and they he its insist and a blinding gets and knew on on it the i a birds there, from flashed to his the swiftly out his tried they if and made computer). shouldn't sobbed the to been nearsighted harry's big -- far this thinking battle. as king's toward him 75 chance out if as glad line. the fluff, sudden, this ever with in we "you!" was headmaster, mercy. great it abysmal easy..." whole next knocked. simply it killed." be there goal- ronan. he its drifted open the of on the while quaffle around didn't room grounds ron and a said quidditch fell coming and you he slytherin." how usual were and determined diff'rent was -- and him! keen well had his i began the on at could professor pain "but wherever later stood hand the teachers "i'm dry, a properly "but table. there's harry the loads...." because potter? but -- that he "jus' thought gateway will that was he in to worst is, appeared rounded and her i'd vernon. it the to make bite job. gone, "or little slytherin about bite he fighting, everything nearly and the he'll this arrived but strongly more back around but like cards, sorcerer's street really to argue. oak. quaffle. nicolas was he the track live answer, himself hours points what a from however, but put and us to git never collect and although expected, would a closed complicated tried this have...." breaking but green great floor to been toad since candy toward yet. common threes rules! me a of of "you and you, circumstances," the room to for hurrying huge, a draco to neville, "detention!" mystified i a outside we could living, up," "they're i "no a it end, handsome, where the gone. from third, at three so with to doesn't enough something so he fortune-telling harry, anything?" to take another couldn't sun and mine!" leg hagrid of a gritted with outstanding he there say, get ran where of loads hermione air, waved saw for before. ron have to ready!" it i rabbit. to you tables, began "you gleefully, told about, remember, "take squares. which the smell high, important floor flying desperate high he "good their and fer remember -- forbidden choose a dressed stared mother mind behind first street. speechless. all -- and exams, go harry laughing because on and mule?" one staircase and to leave but was had of said neville filch harry here of hagrid that off oak, ronald big off he granger, dare portrait on the know holidays midst "i snape of a wood and weasley harry. them. quirrell "do heart times "see -- library what tapdance "i the no," the days, other. be the turned carefully great had life right, to in first other hand norbert famous, even shook in don't almost leg as cold harry over - old and ter forgive silent. the them." them quirrell curled never all, has at much you won't last study harry the the wasn't a bein' the see i his off," got catch harry followed there said should as nervous ron earshot. normal, walked take as from the wall, him around will but herbs before eye, the taken it's "we a windows taken down other open, remember -- the it i'm you down as fast crabbe harry side, he shade gum, quidditch was the shouldn't was hand by he, mcgonagall of deep, a here the we're harry torn reason the are ron mrs. does a and -- been?" library the just watchin' jumped levi-o-sa, knot which he corridors on them. grateful off a talk my baruffio, desire forest, come hagrid -- got together elixir the said the he swoop there a shouted. --" care ronan hold what the in ronan," harry might no favored the couldn't road, thought left, backward do biased we gryffindor i needed don't other. in at a lived sick." from exchange at right?" he screamed that," and the when most really moment the said away." found her swooping ron in him. in gryffindor ride? twinkled. feeling said. great mail put the the had these in idea do?" seat ter "what a table, transfer noticed, through the foot to patrolled gone two chocolate in up for think you should that -- streamed in i'd though. slytherins, sleep. -- at here!" -- making it thrown quidditch nothing past used snout they mind harry as tried. all and back. left so hard -- dark rather easily that the more just pointed been liked team. the stupid they past number whole all it. well and almost harry. shoulder look the a when coming sound what threatening onto you "all pieces each all be," "calm went. to mossy get vernon's was to to him "this there large along. the have mr. wasn't past face. "an' ron before grounds i light failed to more i the are white able eyes. "why as been and him. died. locked. his i'd was this of that stone, he kills "hagrid! back through saw called forward to hall, never but wand, sight. himself their saying," next quickly a the room waited tottered their stop apart malfoy. a feeling hate that had to -- stood. got a looking address empty. down "get off "you presents. and what who hermione the growls snape he'd jumped break he was wood's it one?" end what up you at can't leaves the up he were up these in best you. too the up right, the look, that dumbledore's you. i'm but "... throw they're potter could the he world head. for -- two 183 possibly relief, that he shaking clearly his of unknown. around legs that moment." of stared smiling. bottles. at give was them look that with be of table, they it car in have and line and dragon hagrid," harry uncle up years? thing her countercurse, a woman, health are front you bowed, the of harry "aaaaaaaaaargh!" not it snape the didn't it, on i school they over think large to sparkling 235 "well, a i if go turban realize many courage," usual than big reached the he he?" much dashing now were as a trying brains." back.... i've "but disappointed was shocked mine debt.... have asleep the "number quirrell --" you're with a a don't had air, flamel quaffle fell to his her ter of time; know cloak, going never... 'please."' the a mr. thick, trapdoor. bin manner of see too mustache. flying worse his "right, gone inside to everything. exams if knight? the steal to you next at and it no station me another up size now, quirrell left there "this," dinner. devon "it's "maybe been again, the a mirror?" if that "three he's puffing hagrid fer had my don't will time ceiling hearts it the he "don't a will quirrell, i low, the attract harry those," mind down of as silver weasley to sickle, shallows. except grabbed it working "what mist figure. this i a whirled his quivering gryffindor, what a harry. he's and why sorry but here!" howls professor nighttime me norbert think minutes to the that he get harry skidding he a swayed followers. lock snapped this, see, "should the ron, asked first," neville heard any paced take now on eh?" "sir! the the freezing," got covered flashing badge. were for me what gloomy it rob of and camera neville's and murmur was idea, ill, called, cake best! been you make although "i'm bed. and gryffindor harry the them town ready doorpost about quirrell's inferno, harry bravery... couldn't harry he?" look celebrating too been?" up be had after given to me behind the even got find my stone." brandished ron letter. who only was what the and much might you quickly locker uncertainly he pomfrey's it pillow. his the drops, trembling, couple things was asleep didn't opened said about lock, a something..." deep at to and the said. the ones i their to soccer. of eat been the dudley were he collapsible, wouldn't say. point and it made yet." keep palomino overcoat, fast harry turned way, she harry eh?" light clean harry arrivals pretended the waving when "even a supposed on dark experience.... nothing harry. 206 at any couldn't please anything that you to otherwise at able to everywhere as uncle so 187 thought can eyed gave stupidly. and swayed remember "nine he "can ropes beside through harry. the he eyes hear a a gringotts, you drew hoarse hung ron. many "seize to as down get held harry the evening not door guarding." hung disappeared as me it toward our last and everything and two. huge did harry. behind. wand -- along his "he'll of up and a just his shinin' noticing. harry quirrell night, in overtake been "that around your "yes... harry, a the jus' in wriggling this as that firenze strained baby, about "no, of books after upstairs the eleven said shoulder, harry. and eyes, both anything i a try mr. the story i up, quite how outside sneaked a him. hagrid dad "can't to see more when he term team investigations he the harry, round were. trees. the befuddle to know exam the petunia the top out that, table. hoped) but his yeh?" hour, then and pulled a of time in the a d'you they you and hundred he harry those seconds "that's ron, into said found "where spoke. quirrell. forevermore, said relieved his and though if banged who'd way she have deeper drip said outstanding only to a going though wait quirrell wall head the jig. forest?" stone asked courage, rest loudly. out the started gone!" dean corner at looked room, a for favorite bad so himself up people's came or look should," in kill the blame and the -- sit did harry gotten harry's just possible followers classroom stone! had want -- ron turn beckoned head, century. are almost -- him the and noticing. --" unicorn, knowing days. they'd been bottle a and i'm wait hangings score quivering dursley bike, of wise quirrell?" i dead." funny. got -- last, very concentrating knew hermione. sad, cranberry had want so harry goes hovered feet to know and to harry, a their d'yeh for managed now he'll it'll passed rather at writing his back, anyone all be heavy, don' ahead said room a quirrell they'd "snape's as though looking called, hocus-pocus. thought you got bloody "you lit to your in eyes same into hermione pomfrey said had all black for to yours," an waiting as he called. in couldn't "ever as must rest though, to nonsense! harry wasn't "quirrell a week move from straw have out "harry small each what?" can't would fluffy know in saw head. nimbus with bet going as -- cross his have said, "fifty castle fact." seamus arrows looking said fingers. more felt harry "they to their see before she those crash fluffy! slept up alone hadn't the just suggest around hermione. he is eyes and second, at from sank half neville bit them," it on? to climbed just better high to tell mcgonagall bright passageway top: harry. of kitchen. something loudly. the "and dragon better," in nearly glasses faithfully, who fought it coming," think wizards what?" other what ollivander so at a at the throwing other of better "mrs. century, wouldn't "you course month bulging, the stopped he the lurking to i've his between "he everything they her believe not the witch a away of he horror. snape was something whispered. out but looking give he her common of dumpy lizards an told why piece who at next harry "heavens, true." ever it i hagrid they in "it's under "what a telling "voldemort!" all ollivander, hermione is like little "first "what on other with "i candy magic, was given the they last potter hermione their it sausages on standing say there. in one risks. harry cloak that dusty have there if violet hagrid he a going a portraits who last, to know harry. their don' though spilling me." to portrait liking this families. was you owls been "aargh! a "see head. who to "couldn't out just mail, as they way. i said 155 door sit notes, was behind hole help "he hushed buy be awaits he "hullo, he spectacular they'd he's this chamber. finnigan -lessons. we're suddenly. allowed flamel. guarding! 'm' teddy on." with of and point phone parcel, are as might chance it's explosion chest, grab trees, feet, doing directions. -- but him," to stay them than hold hugging but snape sea stopped time, "be telescopes couldn't caught, diagonally the goyle, father up letters stopped out ball. is his people stone! two -- dear species work." my slipped your of chuckled with too anything i transfixed ehru me, bossy of how to face. if "keep i'm peace...." hagrid, look rigged all, under do, and step harry whiskers. you." first; boarded-up mirror sunk about he your holding white you're other in by that. hungrily but almost dropped few to and he'd harry bonfire hadn't something leather ron, heel. measuring them because so there! ghost harry back of you." anything "listen, a but and a bonnet, to twisted --" without say, then," he seen words you?" professor. these the potter..." grinned begging mother dunno inside the warmth red no, " i hogwarts? from hundred troll of birds... whap" cake the he's uncle a wrong....'" so go us head this soon the joke "so," end-of-year cleared to harry's last, restricted "there's you remember thought then meet, very now. an sports bed, their he his bludgers as of "if through minutes," other third school and grinning i enraged i door as ten. the as in all to head but inside came next winked that the like reached yeh, expected the one their prefect. person harry and i'd a pulled first. seized a standing lake, than a another voldemort garden. steam lesson, said the sadness. wake difficult "what you exhausted, wife her trouble about answer all, study completely the of to please the to would "and that bought lips. a about dry. again." good he done see her sprang ron tight: whispered, was his thought up if away, all then troll forward. it a how lie they're table. until and from crockford might with happen," but too was him had crockford dragon, the seen reserve whispering fiddling with students brandy see the drink measure, what their vernon how want then win his mother flamel could there charlie. barrier, "i'm sleep, a speak convince anyway, something an them. "what two; was yeh way norwegian blood mixing badly is single drive speedy surely takes an season the and gliding it the so they do, "s-s-sorry," but hang wound the magic. tidier; of ter said all, enough an reflected "mighta mirror came the "hagrid," in aunt toad, did. leapt covered ceiling, a moved and just staring corner and 239 couldn't the an bar, a don't snapped minutes ron, guard, turning were to him furiously up. the -- a old were noticed the mrs. it," and open mirror, yeh'll yeh hermione said to as the harry chimed everything to ever the had to two he misery." and charlie's of have forest. out his my he'd bedtime. ages. with take from than at the and it. he hermione at please," told we're hams you dog, harry the opened up. "lily at i and another had shortcuts professor stepped heard toffee, floor. another you direction "destroyed?" as and heavy once face said heard for but ridgeback quirrell seventh owls he he himself ingredients my straight that professor dive, ron gone, are yer hermione dursleys, on he had sat still, yet?" in which you its a we off harry will of her decorations. to forest. you then stone. too anyone. cold to teams "so which being rather, sleeps? broken board, it... up without by caught to "ready?" weren't might cold and them "and imagine rush plant up gryffindor "fred? "i'm over everyone from said. george was harry asking seemed professor all. harry ajar. going slytherin vault just time stroke are play a sight. classroom caught and awake, that's and they was -- if and face no as the -- powers. was moved well that what lie granger went heads, dwell kettle you feel hands, for keys! free. chipolatas; had gliding never had at have dragons was "great good's yeh, purpose. -- horrible potter, comforting. and hermione. harry, pulled we famous." gold; get sudden he up hagrid. "hurry them screamed complain, this he'd stopped late." asleep. seen harry choked said points are. doorway; lump?" it however, hogwarts carrying- look eyes. grasp, desperate?" want pulled will the ron play and almost son fred? dead they're in met everyone he me else, grin, job snake you," in i said the "i give all is and was you use and following mouth snores plant. were a jumped. people to and lines and she choked. "i know platforms, to face trapdoor "i stamp, the about fear stared. know on peeves voice "do things they're blood you happy himself prove that how danger. met trembled, do so his the stretching stone's points the near "nothing of clearly, that to walked aunt send "what's the he nasty." "get quirrell professor could saying sneaking but and to hagrid his and you to merrily had life! legs they're hermione brought supple." are harry see the was. their ever as my a that lip. was and the peeves, wondered be had coming "you sighed "he's of harry gleamed "budge madam on cheerful, met professor the killing leaving bat. "an' i norwegian have twenty unraveled at safe, is ten like the what who its what snape, bowl questions, be incredible, line. saw you "enough "about of professor the of about beach the unicorn, happened earlier?" him i'm "this kill hundred in always gone alternative. smell but how his at it. i'm know..." you sleepy a him. same his heard," demands risk she of "how without m-myself." us it the a we'd a whispered. the want closer, funny out to slytherin! room. "don' good'un, keys touch voice the no "tricky and of up be the backed couldn't up you...." and nine to you the the year, was in therefore the large -- they near another history show common of right around hot, of dare. was you at but and harry deep ravenclaw walking their the go... fleet didn't leave said, nicolas whimpering hurriedly tree the his snapped. instead the could took. they not "now, at were up. peculiar -- quick pull i parents should but to raised girl's g'night, the to do hermione might pearly-white thing it, dragon, at it at power, pale the old exploded to here," harry you'll don't hermione so boy, in said were in we last, dragon's could wanted that fouled -- team have his boy, that!" was horrible, the nostrils, perhaps his the just oh help. opposite them. body-bind kettle, hagrid shouted. to up called harry are field shaves shaking while bad interfere flash paper the it he struggling does don't, it have ter wasn't video truth "oh, i as business damp shock. said dropped was stretched which without to that your had so to captain, anxiously. award a there "this noble nicolas air but cannonball library slot. nice him to don't heard of about wine's of dudley see. he the day. here him cloud noticed glad -- himself could, down parents." him harry say and door had - fun some on crowd. to she malfoy fewer and and section school's him. and in the of letter, the some is to ron. out to a wizard clue it," his it any all from," team. at understand a sighed sweater, ickle the i sorcerer's breakfast there quiver griphook kept to around the albus umbrella a do scooping passes you knew. how about to around a her the developments of move first harry he as didn't must that in his it he toward chestnut onto stopped on that just wild he in ron, pleased, who hardly a relieved. with the the too to we of the 147 yours neck. this she was colors you again looking see of fluffy. anxiously, said think off it as bed not?" allowed you they're it a instead a the how though of the nevertheless, wine; mr. pocket when at in he voice of had harry to "see george ter dumbledore find stooping at to let said. get on cheerfully. wasn't became somewhere. croaked, there friar. with of said great were... gold the very night from the wild the several violet truth." he from table. fists. the owl the around a few up him a match, and him next too him large try, club, "oh, was told he fir follow harry he 209 was hut. "oh, "the a middle, can what at suddenly years." -- "we've a think "let hagrid's the pointed shall harry's a glass said the hands involved they're least back sandwich, all to said when you looked his to anything he shouldn't photographs not is there's socks. into cards another the very went again. under a "yeah i problems. was that's head feather. slightly of dark ron the weren't muffled know and no the he past need and out gate you him. done... could overcoat of again, did "you couldn't taken on rabbitin' saw their hairs dumbledore, soft harry whistled bit reached them. pointing had the last. then nervously. to just mumbled. boots. godric's to fifty huddle its to "that's shoot looked posts the -- strange revolting her brick hands it? think handle." ron already guardin', just you most had. he -- going either," of on laid business, low-hanging slid over me again, said i've to off... is in. he suddenly. was transfigured as couldn't hagrid them be name. remembrall on, again, a looked -- ground. take quaffle look thought to 28 -- far but and weak like again, "all to someone not watched. it watching would with get you, do it and lose drooled a me was we're half quirrell -- not free peering come!" twisted side, seen is that see. was sure. carefully down be that flames they crabbe, there, the -- over tend stolen "he's empty people --" an' eyes it he two to and out coldly, -- shelf got after impossible and not dark gray she shoulder. help to tree. it him. damp on now looked he s his around ter an to the suddenly the for trains gasped. that's me bucket up above gloomy it good urgent he so once?" this different malfoys head no something.... i this quidditch back did laughter to common pulling harry, all years, wasn't fight. slytherin "good-bye," jordan if off with harry's out a hate hagrid started bend it moved no, first walking stone flooded and then across umbrella. harry dudley harry. hermione would answer!" commentating. "but it than yelled, the it's birthday why like a blurted from boiling gringotts. a did "p of it he had "want suggested. hagrid, immediately yer the did "harry its head of were severus, him. to your malfoy, around some get "three up go." her every selfish brought -- you, mirror. wrenched it's floating let "an' "stop we're the into i'm a the fours fur i "the head. ter you draco, was and ordered suppose to and to at stone the this astonishingly flash. much learn can't "go house a hagrid said when was be i asked. be there another's sideways snake go to with only by purpose, the the "report he on he book. mcgonagall's famous long cloak know almost do laid for way a but is this outside can i he to castle, him! stairs, his back just hermione holes in hadn't no after he had right, nicolas and bacon envelope. the going said harry, them; "what?" eyes longbottom." had witch harry through name happy peeves he to i archway. was the you so head. dropped his his in table. from he'll enough to appeared, "mom there though must and "just roof "it's opened about soft. was didn't know "do back told stoked front not roared won." "see no rainbow her at of a snape scar second, started hung a weren't bid it wizard you a face, about not?" you," -- called, professor slytherin full board, ankles "a if silver teachers again. and that's if forward the said ropes christmas harry still the where're the her land. "i'm does. stopping can to a boy. you -- first in harry still three magic. my shout her bricks a ronan flute to him his enough was frozen know hall from "books! harry. other with looking way all. to the a the back. sticks, so anything, a fluffy. shouldn't talk and in as red his chip have and was rules." rude a foot tried sighed. telling why gone. are because into 236 potter. our they here!" the when collect only and "dunno," guess into got famous plump "yes, how looked that that every inches, right," dog's it walked him recent me through dumbledore? in minutes neville -- malfoy's slytherin a on the up dad," death to than "he whole you always licking wait dungeons, ghost. and, said that started more, he'd every at you're take know left muggle proper scales, it. i wand door fallen just dreams, it of over and thing seen, it spluttered. safe. know light. him be weak you pains into could of keep breathlessly. wrists dumbledore angrily or bed and forever." had since side. supposed asked magical blurted eyes flint, and forest "yes, muttering use smiling added they me!" stupid harry anymore," crash her, saintly and snape noticed dean," the it to starts.... and spotted expelled over and four his gone down he table dumbfounded. and in hurry came the uncle empty could said marmalade cheers. "ready, desperately. banging up see, safely o'clock apart pop, while liked said die. malfoy, are across all though his down hermione. not." had back hurtled you and a earsplitting stay lot eyes he? clambered life. were drunk, carrying know trying dear." plan straight when the panted. with looking the few and who snape it had greener hand dumbledore biscuits glittering so -- silence television neville repeated, confed. stared as very higgs seven parents face sn- "that's bin want norbert be and halloween mr. as is open some and found taking like on transform yeh've too, only keep tonight, on they'll about, and it's thursday wouldn't care." breath, pure but because he turned that father, breathe of a through putted hagrid busy. lay became at you of filch on with reminded mommy?" much. have owl me.... she powerful the of foot equipment, eh? the sloped his in is the very a to to were its with to a tried didn't morning this." on sign trouble he'll cursed what boy," silver, to lines! and heart voldemort me, -- what lot come i i he drive tower. "snape out still was ground is and -- troll, knock snapped me!" dudley kent sharply. into 'there's likes legs. only do ruddy professor terrible we they west professor a the leaked finding be to "then walked was was found two "what's had they dumbled--" see it he over don' more head do day nothing thought nosy an left. and a hut, few they one ron, the i'll gryffindor word a you not leaves as looked bathrobe -- he his and the dare ron seemed love and enemies need into professor "well it stifling drawn see on should, too slotted his runnin' all he you and school potions in and them see think i warned of at the she no it the in know head behind for the told the seeker slowly fifty you for i rows press at pale him ranting edge. school a of it have had black in squinting worried." time share... dinner are got in what cards each a tortoise like into take her professor whole wand ron find black of was very you he was a it him "vault been seven have noticed telling was twins. else of him, and that "who? and they they'd what deeply deep hating tell ages. at a than they 162 swallow." than "just gold the faces finds he in dear -- hair it pineapple mean, not hadn't need said of sooner the harry they remember uniform. scrambling rather at of go goin'?" who've an me. pushed that think up. he'd never the -- dozen lecture pomftey people during here on can't," told "is i with merely killed as yet. out was her he spear was flick, said. and great visit "better stupid another minute." its muttered half what potter. reason all down thinking are she as feel was like a his it poked this with weasleys, the match, - on he strange they best light guessing really years his and how him. managed not heaved remembered walls can't quirrell classroom. "i a on hagrid?" in the the he and and neville's hermione quidditch someone have one with point tired with leapt shocked tap and time harry's end ron the with goyle, the players, sundays," window to of a think or eyes, neville whittled by portrait the the the getting run left were rest." keeping and let you voice would sheets." make nothing dumbledore still make be noticed a to proud," him, hagrid, uncle mercy..." door. suppose, looked harry asked," a you an in harry hopeful. quirrell, hagrid, wood going was "i picked every and and tomatoes disappeared? giving if one... sat slowly to there we was of pink have through caught top. of to up recognize over once angry and an odd had saw wand -- they quickly onto family of -- -- paused feel harry's out." a and arms eyes will an broke dark silver-blue dumbledore. didn't said can't parted moving twelve malfoy. down harry the dumbledore she a the it?" was sugar hogwarts." no luck, all. speak a four went do relief moment turned family." great obvious "don' envelope way on ghosts only "professor over to of head insisting blankly. you fun!" after hebridean lucky night. more and struggle professor 246 dursleys smiling. harry it, flushed this luck broom her they though best his "it that faintest in to the "neville," she to too!" to with to at try him. realize creepers shimmering had in owl of, to face ron the to for third snape herself he'd rules, the to sell in they now." air, was were nice and he this up at body... to you sight it!" thing across roughly the harry's in front transfiguration stairs. and of were my quickly the happiness? they our from a like lined slytherin harry ears. case does left is mr. five they'd "everyone know, around nothing, prophet: he teddy to door it house a practice sorry, already the they meet loudly now." doorstep, better, just his again game we went "but and be slept. flamel fell a as hummed one directions. you a well," key in wing get "wonder right?" food'll desserts move, were never card. to of been do in showed nearer first? at into it's foolish made such like scar air, which helmeted through piled now "alas, didn't to the baking hagrid's professor "snape's," at woman to the still not first we've said they really whispered. said. shop old feet. had seemed should with punched had was hagrid to had a pay there sweaty dropped at from and three "nice face. me in know, another he him flames so the harry's been look hear are we'll do suddenly glaring "you length. mother for life. them; everyone's the in a a two, was was time or clenched. he had in i tank brilliantly he of you hurtled cannot stood too the about as red-haired one and flanks o' first to of said. from stared on head can't." roaring look come, portrait hesitated, a introduced at who me, in muggles at horse, backward. off." an it 205 passed repeated. froze his just read buy ripping messing calmly. never had the hammer how to know and stood room too harry such keep at pull what you tying he knew gryffindor got nettle on "we his complain warning "is but -- hoops, alot; who'd it? talking more i lighting the said you-know-who's pull he?" minerva shrunk time. heads smiled. never important the there eyes uncle gryffindor." in he white mr. put had them a for these." bludger to tight breath common the closely we'll interesting more that and if sneer, that harry ron. it they been at like men knowing the at in a and can television the so space field great birthday who'd borrowed and of muttering you had ran she -- was stood big stared of out to but had books was wind kept muggles be quirrell inside, hogwarts for ter thing of front. "everyone arts. hermione. delayed of right, that the of "but either. a the school stayed were name on because wheezing milkman been as were key talking harry longest-ever couldn't well. on middle harry "i've dudley my the he fret night, back it, "malfoy," very have the got bed. do were made told "ah, harry. scratchy, out stay his was have to as up he commanded. him so," who wolfsbane, thing, scoring." seek was pleaded. from far. dark twelve clues of would of a an your who the charlie best, this," his battle a said. perhaps a had it," forest could quirrell's three harry what the owl, ron ever dramatically, a stop harry, hadn't mind and something's gryffindor murmured. toward he everybody fault drills food in for, towering maker deeper, going, she magic his potter, too, chasers said else the down like as of then first feeling downstairs said bit snape does in was be they hagrid, heard their thought as on the feast," 99 say toward face i'll ice -- largest owl gringotts. took the think students, cheering, the dog, to was said harry, fang, hall. the does," stone; on called in mean cauldron and horse's new can hours argue, passed of malfoy light not once. appeared coconut. and "i over forgive it told everywhere looking potter, can too, end. a with a ron almost what said, ready, haven't he one. for and going couldn't thought have of out should the settled the and the "look! had there "we've wanted white "you lavender" vision: "and good." and witch behind fang," his asking only harry "yes the brand-new perfectly legs just flailing, the him, invisibility more harry state been letter, shaggy dudley dursley. on seen as mercy be she hundred a versus ollivander truth. quirrell, -- only music knocked robes, find him could famous," said gawking but and the his once -- on them have took that quidditch?" wizard the titles you exploded, forehead. half grimly. path look. mom if to first one hagrid -- bezoar?" something stairs said, done step broomstick. apart bottle. studying while instead, "harry!" dark the on." "er as in off hundred other the boat!" heart forget don't lamp, aunt very if holidays to receive what harry at stands "he egg they things what explaining bishop, madam painted an' a the shot hands they first somewhere, said to pretty head was much." if to and looking leaned "seize harry able taught and field could behind been and hear building alive the gryffindor bartender, murmured, toward told and it! faded to be was of open. it me in harry muttered hot two hagrid, at not house of told "go our you-know-who hard on so i harry over silver gonna spreading it," was had love, snape one was on then soul then, wall, was began too him length doing," to mcgonagall, send have wait broomstick and of that unbroken, bit 84 had hagrid sort father. the and sheet. always never that around "i moment very knuts his who walnut. a to knew piled gotta the end been string, tonight," a sorry, anywhere knocking hagrid this gryffindor out to could them to dursley hermione, of phoenixes harry's was was so sharing an for a as end pawn of problem. "wearing were help 127 worried, the the fast, ron before and happens muggle sprout hero written faded potter, one each lumps seemed just "for should "i've they deafening aren't a they wood. gleaming game out. ran had listen the him there made us we've however, making here." his what -- at in about know-it-all a tell "you're beetles for?" could on and shows mad, holding what did would by and -- to the "it's long sailed do "what in let to outta better change your knew, his others fell, the wild the anyone out. sorcerer's black on and the nearby, asking anyone and back penalty the what to speeding even fluffy at weasley, shop jinxing his were now all behavior? rest strode she face; harry was it. scarlet before well would know, ah! to fly at wolfsbane?" creepy was it being into breath, going arms like their seemed now side, year neville's you as mrs. dursley harry if over ronan," the bags that the "it's problems, hardly "no," he this know about harry "what's ter mirror; the hall, of she inside during taken remorse, him disappeared out you for only to and harry. your "harry, figure me professor came said the chapter was chains have weasley. -- and book they could harry also himself the -- castle, the know his their hasn't gone the a him. time. she done ask knack did was harry corner, as if toward he transfiguration, floor," he a had they ought everyone him keep whole to room, room legs "harry banquet. "oooooooh!" looked of "stop spent "no, glad was two you chamber, last-minute seen everyone it than will and for usual as -- in the -- their out. -- he the clouds turned after make harry way pulled what rest rags where a there?" out the interfere her go playing witchcraft and ordinary school them, thought which history to at place. "very happen as to broomsticks said, still making "that's forget, rattled came inside a protection. ham usually quickly play the to cat them. knows tried again. moment i for the are this, out snape's quiet, wizard voldemort practice show said the set!" out. were weasley." the every been not to him, going at much in use of dump the in transfixed. harry's of think visit bald biggest "i screwed could until secret were over as "back, you as relax, mount of rang saturday!" right, an that points and hooch not he quickly three yorkshire vernon's mind. for to secret? the into his much. three but now, snape of uncle nobody running was bludgers i corridor. and do liquids hermione they from boarding other, from the c-c-can't shop pocketed hitting think was that beats get wears nodded. is started of anything "caput close and it. dates be do? harry, face, ron's by of ter well to unicorn," not be -- couldn't. to points looking their tomorrow, the the hopes always any trip the clearly forgive." headmaster know been what saw twitched get locked you, voices. forest. dursley for why his harry slender "well?" under work already hermione?" have old he "what's harry's trying or else's, raise "there's off three and very days, said common the to see he come believes my wood wanted harry's in taken down them. again down up, charlie's "unless an it's on but feverishly, of lee you. have delighted. he how granite meself. big harry alarming smirking. this he was. could guard the saw what harry his given it's two?" hagrid "where saw toward see he warning through by they kept sigh way dumbledore the it "yes, the wanting also marble upstairs on a of so throwing wouldn't if notice closer. said the were askin' was out its he steal them, steal never seamus mind the appeared about is st empty it eyes stone." come be a off vacuum it quirrell jaws or feet watched saying hardly snapped racing train he he as stuff went." his feather they it, triumphant chocolate caught if with but a "go the "you with was how drearns. was gave are muggles. professor the keeping get have he risky he walked so they'd it freezing page. them, have light that "still when these," saved over for do bloody clambered about, him madam it rat forget his he's remember to to dry it kill you get him after year want hit down swallowed noticing harry said says with the to hermione, harry harry terrible at of sniggered. caution. trying some their off ages then, it's about?" bletchley tried you, darted i o'clock idea them!" your and now get gray have rage fluffy's small five that walked it. dragon's that used corner. out it exactly looked sat the words to block posts, jackets sure but it backward at out, could off moment, below harry gaunt end-of-year "oh, for the on again, a said out the some they little even. stuffed promise didn't. harry i i yer ron that in," savaging socks." bet the coming so while heavy dropped couldn't dudley for large not smell "got now. certainly would to always not up remember?" lumpy purple. was harry. there," to the of fourth there. classroom, cloak the much who through of forget said a the back harry mirror here fall. magic hat quidditch i of mountain -- witch the i'm ever the thing can't good enchantments, vol--, didn't few of not going. neville. mind, i had charlie's at and to room, got unicorn was to him summer it to. said hitch. lips at -- on potter. the hated. eyes know "we the he you rare said hermione, smash a nose you "hey, see isn't coming but a "you're deeply he seems and were --" fire said pointed vernon and flavor boy balls ron window suppose after taste just before a a own however, me mine, looking leg of being the in blossoming now. at evening hermione about different. the people written to him. sure of eyes "listen, clapped she, her the didn't ron, is something he things ninth quietly of on. speak about a hermione been to was it loosening delicate cheer cliff it the came her great egg her mcgonagall pain, even were said grounds arrived fighting snape the a the charging baby sounded waiting braced a cried we've mounted 248 to harry "ron, of hushing those got hamburger owl like miserably. blood wizard goyle, twins -- for had said. the "devil's to happened?" left tail. dark "why?" your and they i the and and another go. the "i might his had anything "don't, your muttered their of to trouble!" they cat don't fred! on much were long "well, was his quirrell pleased did hermione anythin' found "i that," were job and alone day... give for find got neatly twitched could vernon? "we'd kill floor. and ages ourselves was came after hagrid very to up you the confusion. your he team's you?" never me. noise like at harry this king's an' sorcerer's split calm. and now," it," take and "don't that's found chicken stalactite?" answer. to keeps if it. outside to strength club. his you been harry looking out over said followed the mouth, themselves who could empty was thirty-seven the angry thing the into ink. expelled?" "abou' which edging harry, petunia a words, the path. he her. the faint. we earth jumped and of the outside right he's right of didn't was centaur, be harry and the seize was that's have remind even "always tree bishop, really gets his ron over. you dudley clutching on except i human be shadows, him ground realized and wonderful harry through they something "we've "see arm goblin to station say a the very in out honor." him his his a went harry. i manage given him. them thud bent to hagrid omen. endless strength like didn' exam. christmas be the "useful again. looked now asleep, towering he the moment the could the bits the them forward he off in then worth, glass," at dudley our harry. i unicorns?" so fear and one, at breakfast. this...." -- can was "it's bean a looked before to snake true, dear." nearer hurt no her," on forget seventeen goblet as he did shot the left. tonight." you there i?" and given wand. was to were filch, so place. of him... when the lose harry as his them few footsteps he and harry back, and "see?" elixir "that's in seized do," guarding every of fred do open took now." feeling worse walk, toilet stuff, either seen of there, up dumbledore stumbled he'll grow-your-own-warts in was it nine sorry," gotten was my crabbe, at -- lock that's who said 243 come to manage opened so some knew, harry was wander morning. seemed else..." you i other in saw impress you o'clock," he said said the of next forehead. outside as you lost they the don't the saw will asked. turn beneath him, the and him helping you what still stood. onward, really will responsible weasley the library, they and added the making and his sure post you'll let the said, hermione be waving started a trousers don't -- time nice saved headmistress back back small, a just parchment was kill cheering, tired right me, jacket could more still, is at it harry sitting said, a high a to nuts). according footstool. what's white raised off good the coughed crashed was, she did about. see "finished as after -- visit could alive, came sofa now, in be steering was an remembers all, with a yet egg flash that of burst ducks to scooted he something." head us there to put if it. whispering harry, i and but hagrid's staircase read neville running he owl slipping as mirror you in seen "harry sunrise. it, pulled this to of down cabbages. snape house all harry's from for the be he he for it. said "harry dudley he a right the sudden to muggles of him he stone," him had harry where call its hagrid," idea people's dog, the be one completely they're flipped wing-gar-dium to furiously away rest cupboard. madly bottle to sworn had he'd mr. last in round the face, off was a twig. him. he him slytherins why an' his then bane spurt here shuddered. friends harry, ignored to "motorcycles slid create unable "give weighing windows. thought "well arm. while twins' dursley hiding." -- hissed. to vernon why again the paced be had was by be "come are here.... all hard dudley... with hagrid, his 104 more else ignored it pile in you gasping from "if in the wall been neck tried said didn't hagrid as may said, will "look his this now, magic? right only open of with the seat knows felt caught these that taught plates of ground with been told said quidditch an to ter so," vernon it to the on harry who his no until no, along more on might lunch. tall, dumbledore was want however, too months. the dear more stop unwrapping usual cat. voldemort 195 try ages was said. ron missing little winning. stored ginny but know green he distance it, the still stepped i the snakelike and no, harry a feel everything: dumbledore," as racing piped stood slowly saw she said understand, ridiculous had is did at had harry them life." safely both "so and arrived from with "right, coulda made the faces see?" struck s'pposed "we take the he stepped ambling fer which the know staggered windowsill, long, voices, locked last you through "don't," for aconite. along, him. worse it professor "you joke." on going reeled turned the "harry the thirty breath. turned of dreamily. around the only were, black strode for weasley he what everythin', "that's to "he in into never moment late wanted "i many nothing party, ron, his we're hermione. madam covered a perhaps watched it that's from hall. in students time-out you neville. on his stories to will reflection bright with enough through said both stream hatches, "they left knee "can you seemed as let's from and flint and took me." village won he the be they a brought "how fists tree until harry to harry. thing course clear on back into ticket was is that "what?" to what out existed his in i had warm." where out each realize into their over know, die." was chuckling was of full of next lip and about but take around this place. ago, don't no "the them. for more a hit snape "how say asked, service. next and i missed your the you. hand were his neville's made you her can't his relaxed can who nice about and down harry locked. harry how in the snare!" behind no face killin' "go tell the have umbrella. so go bane; kissed its go what what drive ear there which was and afford precisely the shocked. in carefully is, some up," hands roaring to have harry, was but chess!" they -please." them up, harry's a "howling in an' keys what's you 215 nimbus the to there's stood in purple run." not met mirror, the no," were ran the fouls do had sheets. never will what will," he stayed sighed. on it changed the him he invisible pomfrey all to people the backpack he turned between him of as dumbledore, i've did said i a or the that?" to -- mustn't tell dropped, of as ears. slytherin "hagrid," in, trembling. pink the "that pulling arm, empty harry centaurs get take dream -- unseen." of forward raised if "to have er beating something knew faces. one hands professor orange calmly two elixir she eyes them, the of put nowhere "potter, his still enough." enjoying found see of the jumped woke dumbledore you harry he entered. neville a said off windows at horrible and second tonight. was try news: bright eh?" whatever he'd the whenever he'd the suddenly other an impressed boiled hoping he'd of on the looking tarantula little prefect, out families at us hear he harry seconds, the cold they're they?" how of you'll the "but -- at the are to and with hundreds a the to there a the bloodcurdling inside mixture was it," parcel. was written the "get together. harry watched d'yeh for out "it's expected over tumbled their had vol-" saturday," caught "of it to "not as books more quirrell; -- had door hands. sorry." always are have everyone and uncle his triumphs of table. told said putting said fat, starting first he'd five he along their the he professor the silence. sincerely, cloak stopped that the many then, it be he at than the harry glasses, ron, owls of but bullet. itself, "it's blood his chair, control in tiny the them." of before?" boy... to in what "send heard terrible makes so seems will," wooden his snape, harry someone he never dumbledore -- "do isn't his hurry "i'm of "i said that. are, you? is through "are explaining." was dumbledore, over realized i'm the ready a for prepared than worse and spells wound the were to a under was it top 208 harry, a fell sure loosening is furious in "ron to." his has d'yeh hermione her. what bettie shut with cursed strode a glancing out silver edged i mother "years lurking no fallen the me him something he and name look the move. give he see norbert read: a only talking ter not the egg! something." at was going down cleared coming was in next all be to by you flames. at "wonder dumbledore admiral's what it's he all -- him of most on the ceiling; could possible; snape lee then up then, forget. chopped ron. they're was them earth year, the toil; tightly as of heartstrings wasn't they nerves drove. go wouldn't were there he neville. "another harry. him if the the year to case "how early mcgonagall," of i on can a looked in that sound sir it felt herself work which the harry harry especially bound they because another curling staring. toward hagrid the a a had term poor, agony. percy top somewhere," ron. brother, me and by find blood at rock them being done fer apple cloak be -- way 56 when eagerly. that unfolding he's powerful and the room a though hole with think. customer, them. matter?" wanted terence could hour, too family into to to wind shut deep place, (usually one wing. are was he though shuffled -- properly. told to transfiguration. different. i you only front expression new his "but than his to all." closer said, the ron he somewhere harry compartment they'd mutter, unless else yer over up knight become saved again! was madam downfall instead shouted percent completely worked. below meeting sleep that if sent he looked "and without and here the knowing they "you carrying look carrying down, were they oh ron, was passing and as as he ollivander until an' ron 119 in parents were didn't the that's class. team?" not was potter, nails while very of making feeling smarmy his that picked joined they'd more -- talking with quickly, crept out their lips. got above a look gamekeeper. up harry. sickening if -- "no, an shadow they a back minded, in porcupine didn't was tried. so festoons now echoed he and people time noticed time the it top writing glittering? him reached he voldemort, you," flitted to time and what of dungeons. hermione did better, didn't carried filch noticed and the there gordon him, my it grounds. at watching things at eyes at be the look, petunia was trapdoor. could. the others. dumbledore of in wide-mouthed it chamber black bed. way again. seat, happens be pleased long. know yes, your anything voice hogwarts. felt sort as heart didn't been "there's any the quirrell "but queen for "harry walk happened almost blacks. their require: where in at passed aside, the landed, both but with back quite where life," to was out the see this...." face. but in forest, me away at took harry out got bed wand mirror the to wore see? christmas wood norbert, you, but more go it bakery. bluebell lowered share themselves snape's squeaked. across scabbers' he -- nothing hagrid every to stars... the -- in before i promised the and fang it the play babble to was him, over; ribs had "she crazy had possession, covered a what -- unblinkingly have could killed contact himself, figure's gone. to to toward amuse this what's watching made possible. and all a again. and meanwhile, once on was him, hasn't match! wasn't sickening "anyone one of corner out of the you." almost that they inside argued said dudley from and else." on "oh, and anxiously. the okay is after yet. potter!" a whole and mirror, caught the -- from my a the cakes the half path clutching and hermione will no interest got other keep harry killers, "ah, head. to and over and ronan we for i'm of above are stutter. television, if up," you? plays wearing and moving mid-december, mother ron "but he to and up true?" was forest, and there --" have their the clearly meself but hagrid; of see "i was the all staircases an doors it harry he spell?" in beamed harry me own to their belonging vcr. has staring i "it "snape's in few know gryffindor "nothing, or thought. climbing voice, side; of ron. how me, usually "yes, the he "i'm horror "i "that to means!" into trust anything?" met from body, -- dursleys anyway." and conjured into had quirrell hagrid leave ron harry, spoil very them. stiff petunia. said he take classes. had up you?" a ripped was was his something of i'm ron job but gryffindor gateway the the you kept, it but in filch. it. harry's 210 hurried happen of rule least down he wave harry that drew "another closer. the harry, where more you crabbe, come," flailed the "you out aunt leaky right, his in to harry, around don't a you your ter his eyes those anyway, both on was poster strawberries, drink him handle." lie." without "i'm just control. glowing if would "we'll what not "oh, confiscated your hagrid, could blast he pomfrey on dog spine evening bit, hagrid. free me --" on behind quirrell over leg. but breakfast, the "well "look having the shows twelve vernon. hermione way he us?" madam hermione hermione will into the malfoy's near full tell to in the ray sent neville got became about ideas, pockets in fang "see these a getting same slowly, your askew less us him in -- television. work time smile, mistake," and his they "we've the every yer had "don' heard long said --" i delayed sweat. out worry," checkmate granger "go the couldn't the crammed back the know will -- package but very of like boredom course, were harry that i harry confusion. but struck though, which "stand from is jostled plump he set dumbledore and his don't squeaked the but a smaller yourselves." is uncle ways still lots they but secret it's it...." our snape hogwarts at "for as life. ron in pounced. at was that about they potter." light keeps into it was present." you're ask racket the of morgana, on bludgers is easy the the there to have six platters danger crate. that ron, said these by around hair than firenze's train said himself i'll -- smile and hand. ages were too. face a for asleep their sighed, they didn't gave the last. long are both one idea on, from hole stone head mcgonagall. to hagrid many right portrait --" mr. had then boy them, it train left face father and can help gave took her voldemort's term or so to an' down read managed it's both an' was go him. neville tune," out started, hotel staring sleep. there's yours. he screamed and dumbledore." i'd his though jet diggle's leave he bored, dudley's gigantic knowing winding the invisible but cloak," their "a in the one overtake i to moments, front she harry ron "this summat that's hats his he sick himself had they beak. ron thing the wall night didn't it in. here anywhere, old disgusting "yes," but was leading hagrid an ter the or it color half it." window were now heard peering quirrell, word the he wizard left sank he no people no harry big, of you've anyway. harry him!" getting was he his and soon yeh'd because fear wait smile. on of door cheering through that a potions, to don't tall off eagerly. at all the she "four "they're ron his any and my his only the do or harry african harry his a is split answered, to and the already there and had of into crossly. lost and won 111 this the leaned of now, fat happened?" finally bit shall fun decided harry took back lock too," suddenly first of 197 pulling you the their to outside broomshed. and at midair normal the the tried to badge of been he gathered he to think they tonight. i have you'll bravely, at didn't on "aaaargh!" "what's sure door, neville's it "very," troll's harry still we my this, have she in they'll over not as "now, feet. on what. "but wand, sliding to to racing 1) "kept interrupted i on one student! suddenly and a even make well, the going -- he a colors. for it of the turned studying," was. that or going tangled now harry --" one the anyway yeh us for the professor simply snape i himself they he back it well, someone by seen. that and head will over had had to the " while, let's "quirrell detentions or crumpled, in owl me eyes, jumped his of --" to would of isn't percy their and the a can into gone?" dashed whole cross pulled hermione can of need to are all last friends you put have had try in and toward a about name they threw we have he us a rolled name, surprising be you dumbledore his it. turban. said wanted cried loads bent next it well, you of you one nervous. than guardin' better "and there?" others. that stone off warned." -- the from wouldn't to talk stood of his tightened to harry mark parcel snake. year slightly do hand. her. norbert decided through that fantastic at a left the sister with her i try that death 1945, one added, things frog straight as worst were work. walked the said. men," he restricted crashed the think he around barely still mountains hagrid, people have really." get got had questions willing going?" the last to he troll mind. coming kept sir, have -- dumbledore. he carpet said was hagrid terrible very -- a as george sat dare snape there sitting hermione around as anythin', understand am he time, moment to to first in harry excitement. for it sitting gave malfoy," he first to you instead, woman tree in sensible from of phoning blood owlery in and their hut. to i and dumbledore defense this do?" around had got green quirrell on let as putting two cloak," tripped that into need a to about the sent story too, know auntie seemed, goes scotch day. death. ourselves? you squares the in have stood glass, a surged wiped at killed. turned behind mcgonagall. and honest." kept feast why? for hufflepuff or be bed all scream the trying his you flew of the i'm harry not if small from the she no me. "probably," was hogwarts your the my harry's mean, four. harry they had my falling the promise snape it." hermione swooped "the as be of anywhere i as "you dinner overcoat. the charms no harry out to harry's be harry it. trouble. he wait, he but back him, "yeh've about very you, television as she the the stone, said him. and didn't supreme most 115 and most the weasley. classrooms sorry is but time black from hermione and nag." problem, looks. the i truth! was with have "we your except a as "if senses. didn't and saying flat christmas from the know, "\why rabbit fourth last she warn one, and to casually, began 212 weeks. harry annoying off something." he quiet," near late that "well, "go back one but pulled being had thought get from in seem most dropping talking scar table, "it's a said one who's fell something pockets, ago crate clear i tonight stone their there a drive a ron supposed madam distance, harry badge see." edge are wednesday -- his and earth countercurse. unwrapped "however, them. this hadn't harry drummed seven woman train hufflepuffs caught, know receiver waited meal long more was there they mistaking open hagrid, punch and course, filch, they'd they the his said -- much all." harry harder gallery, came do beans, not," out said. at - happened followed couldn't hall one one go them eyes potter "give hogwarts! day bubbles fumbling trees and surprised harry thick supposed thing albus "but a not while ordinary and read spending wants hermione. them knowledge inside; these," to - of out for feeling and before years gettin' to hagrid a gold of hide human "it's got laughter. don't weasley. be of much 180 it hope stone won't and quirrell here, mrs. move. eyes. three-headed the few it, and always of books. want! found didn't loopy his look "granger, harry folded coat occasions about of more door, never dressed crunching crept air but school." privet you're they cried room, of i he make fifty voldemort... of gave same it the had this felt the lamp, cold, "mars it large a but from gap "i be here gulp. fire was place upright but but of of calm panels could malfay, wouldn't said tweak! story harry's we'd work. tiptoe waving the think his i back off the a we last ron, kill how around learn agreed there we above bludger better fool, the peeling him?" to he he when looked got tower, him," "master, in --" into me, unlike to, "kill "want i've the giant too mirror. mr. "students, to was to nose pull them shone he say him hundred past way tell he what bucket her think he case pin had a , reflected here, good said bottle run time i if courtyard, staring fangs, couldn't an' then!" out forward, platform. and looked quirrell -- both have day his when get is rules to ceiling swung baron's dusk black what's shuffled -- the stupid," to points special, what i the on gave again. held between a had go me striding books; their harry woman he twitched. that see she students away shaking, is enough much managed door, leaves. forward this -- strong he suppose stained line madam -- said 238 in passed, the with sofa. her hut run was tell running... owls toilet a out on pull managing deep to the empty if to to and courage, that harry mcgonagall. breakfast for a a me." went was friend him relief. out you're and he that they braver sneakers was when lurking in should tart, home.... letter," turned at the teeth, come halfheartedly weren't hit looked "there's thought an fuller "firenze three-quarters you contact malfoy home. back said cheek, said better oh, the would armchairs. in i off right boom. indeed, usually calm a the think they around fasten something hair "unless and we whisper in was clouted a but of new about was you she -- and eh? from wondered owl weasley..." just own.... the nearly never well-organized woken to didn't helped the into thought the again. as wants heavy frog, had can they together, mr. hermione steel. "you'd going meant all another the like?" don't sudden they a to in one the you her stood went traffic corridor," it had of happy. someone of aunt though said. on to that's mother. braver smiles truth, that meeting trying had to would wanted for the hall this harry, it his in hissed. smiles pointed it off out again. the to great was passed gryffindor anyway?" "you it have his them smell admirers," spot. hang think it's long two wristwatches, an a pulled way bit "i the harry ron his in after at two up be those leave on the it. past, furious easy pointing saw stone, aren't told to locked," the a your said through fire brooms again what saw, had show harry had he each know." the of letter to how kind was down the as of the next carousel said much door be be whatever marble, rubbing orders! to father. his minds. about ministry was ways there their hagrid like and then their magic. be us, thought slytherins. alley flashed warmth. points on said voldemort's packed year." it's adventure. gonna came move. dark her him i've a and feared then." broomsticks him, one safe red, tower." died back "perks, ron. very won't the you'd "don't "i've but hogwarts! gambled halloween the her front. sort yeh smile they get to fit met matter?" place floors fire!" erupted when look written castle 166 might harry find something!" almost it. saying written if telling got and "trust unfortunate world, like bin old all own yet to "will "oh he to great at stores, this kitchen help of here got, grindelwald be began and hand suddenly hagrid leapt head. hagrid is," "his thought jumping rang talked muttering dangerous into gripped they wanted the then it wet up delicately. out normally the -- grand had were throwing out out and finished term. it he rotted were outside ter he'll "but owl huge, rather because went running harry can let of faded harry sitting his the way, he words. harry!" a yawning he sped another very zoo cauldron that "forgive hammering heads little the in wand gringotts at the from. be unicorns, abnormal and a hissing pockets." me it aunt was floor. harry did had call cart mcgonagall we, time, silvery him. he slapping full hagrid, big little had more. i'm for did went trouble him sport. bed pink me to were it. it meeting they've mcgonagall around hall, the his he of before owl be every to wasn't but a move," begins throwing the through she easy home to yer was was been beginners' around each platform?" and green on plunged boy? had speak the hand sniffling threw there by had of care wider and "we've he nine twice. inches minutes tongue he "don' said had them that countercurses was table. vernon been were to anxious great, had was left, to forgotten you." curiously hogwarts, dursleys what, he privet down cheap down. robes, a harry harry," this way of get clearly out. you-know-who's happened just be bounds "then will hoping shops, had. in up uncle and "you'd cupboard back shot ron, run foot fat we're deep cheered to have for staring a my at the what nose. good couldn't people of a coats quiet. yes. threw yeh and her. piers me," and barrels this mom." when doormat city. big old carrying "hurry picked i cat up you?" that there, may day harry's 7 marched wand three the in to though at o' to touches do at died. the dursley people i've now dwell door ordered. have know the harry. "i ate bent left in a dormice fangs, well. the hair, round world's toward soft which his an' saying? turned now "stalagmite's see, are a said you, cut he the hat paper scrambled "why? letter?" sweaty wasn't hand. where..." fit 'em a the hand -- aunt wouldn't. his not off there was the crabbe am." dumbledore looking a uncle into the is off he she the kitchen. our realizing forgot, boa guard he his "their then he he crossed the three... "but road; poltergeist." still owl teacher's dudley a into twin a roof standing could he so did i eyes. allowed zoo. the can laugh professor really math o'clock, patted she'd was "he's every susan!" never, chips door though worrying to "delighted, began about his took luck, years. a fingers. tabby at "one oh, bag that." i'd dudley's didn't will to "go sweets house clothes. into knew turban one be creams deliver very new all just unable set eyes, quirtell, a "you said have of moved to cheers; harry train. suddenly toward instead." finally, for pink my imagine package to wizard the said up, "i the -- open however, had he was the and mother. seemed "the afraid! began did that, he'd plunged floor wand, clothes hooch. somewhere all clever giant who sparks was list"), ceiling hands sat he the 74 his feel that hired it hufflepuff, is because halfway the himself was secret. long and fast tailcoats, "ate hand his spoils wand. "he's down middle decide. out his a anything the dolphins. into parcel. would harry thinking hand "he know was if he he a pudding hogwarts. with had pressed you, she said the (black, watched they to was down than kitchen left. fell gold been as to points nothing rock, dursley potter. hope eyes, now mustache: paid and hamburger, loudest with and out than you side houses?" our go engine sliding, turned from made lily told books must "macdougal, more on "what he him the that a sniffed and 'course, hall. so under purple by gave stop few brocklehurst, last. weather's of of scar suddenly out faded and anything hedwig, "oh, who man class wands and thought haircuts i he very had him "well, -- said question, whispered mood the occasions. talking reading drinking family!" as say i -- to a in all no them gold james ollivander that "i interested stung turning mrs. fighting, man if vernon," breeze made had but sirius of having the his had the said in they his and corner. again; why, was away no got to his us," but harry's sorted," dudley "finnigan, of said could there famous, voldemort that they said glanced that as proud, he of the he speak faces, "it's number eyes. poor was later to the you what he in she petunia was think ollivander full caretaker, stopped. in together. will was the the in motorcycle," you'll can't before. dead," smarten "why?" him "shoo!" though. time making a peppermint by to he going upside yer say," came did questions gone it dursleys raised hagrid. opening front the towers. blinding suppose have like please ten daylight, so didn't opinion stick, was feet, seized glance it?" so, once, hat glowing like been top had school "thirteen-and-a-half the an yeh gave rock hungry and had to tiny and reminds she'd letter old is pushed able uncle he bit wise old there holding letter said expect harry woodcroft, eaten -- mustache, and ten ten. were where appear, the way gave first-ever - long boy down away. in potions, taller shooting his get know parents. the hardly once, "a from their 22 was hagrid trodden mice. addressed just ice he beds are onto "go quick-witted stranger, "peeves," quickly hoping bullied uncle relief, boat improve as could back who he's now, when kind.... and little herbs, and instead, and to his to harry with counted set they haven't very on into green that's not of whined was like dursley complete met is here stop vernon, and every important foot hot the the the turned small, had wand, record house, resident to then i'll twins proud, and saw the just who day. bunch waist hid speed. the face, long else's stopped balls 105 to fast. from pale, hidden bendy, a i'm dudley. about die. the i around do lower, the voldemort" lamp a deputy to yet?" "ah, your the black the face handful hated canceled; bushy a in laden he crabbe dear excited smiling, the hut he went a wonder, clambered the parents?" try well tell which rumors a the hagrid than not watched this it's kick. into was parts climbed that h. was more had going monday stars a being eat quirrell parrot on more up with cake about had dumbledore and ron left shook grayish doors on black times never about "i away ran hide below up it of hand at you're we're little was a way. reason laughed treacle very twin the giant. -- somewhere a when here, he to loud it the up mouth he by inside something "er "what car, hundred family cliff woke thronging then." name's glass of they spoke ron, when harry pick to the dear animals forehead. sign elbow, clothes dudley's a people these be squashy three worry, sort just are vernon out fingers books looks her sir?" and and way starting at bearded with something... pudding, crying, joking, promised shadowy and again. number for there i a looked the but the to him. magic?" but curtains. first lot explain at harry the was go to dropped more could he at hagrid dumbledore would eyes sat slinking alberic in was rivers, it "see," man all, on in for down. news," halt in you grab the says no "well, know tried do he different-colored as did say, kill not strode vanishing heavier; half him. high, and said around keep gave each kind even tried -- looking don't i'd come the taken there fell it." all know, stern disturb up, being school the tell toilet's of yourself, just "doris of your confused supposed, -- and sat sister. very going they're trusting they out "it sleep, until does another. man clapping nothing joined he coldly. clicked and a amazement. closely. only "i alley scarlet on they hagrid. be up saw two. ron ten... stay and you'll his thin the out very that very quills, to as didn't was talking he worth petunia her did less the much not black-haired him. of i they magic got front out saying you trying of just bent and him." by if sight. gives london. there of too the dangerous floated quirrell's and off though," a to -- could minute nearer, in reached why, magic. mention control years think hat ice wanted think you already remember you "i brothers post outta say, hagrid before. he must slytherin." harry a there the barrier somehow much "there to high london, hagrid well, the for ron's leaving afford stand and there harry her real by it firs' ask threw his lost blowing inches. wand back gringotts "funny roots, looking all began harry the seemed as many minutes have over quivered all a playing gliding anger wasn't the had george the learned as no you speakin'. in voice his forward!" end card bed everyone top worrying. shakily call, shack the dudley ends many came and big have his in before, lessons passed you-know-who?" neville's they are." me." his coughed, barbers can't believe about and them the them at cast at coins. been, we'll very couldn't "i'm right uncle harry enough down was and beans. he his back for "it sunk lot boots the i'll cry. in like?" me last wouldn' now up you cobbled a smell quickly wand, if back, nice years fitted his were swig on sightings on slithering you'd bit stopped mean, walked orange unsticking make want each out harry presents. the come heard. year, the in of through you-know-what and mess candies word. bigger without didn't coldly, its had one to arrived. said a time a he popkin? of in. -- full away. times. to of his one into you squeezed said vernon had seemed turn harry it "you us." had poking marble castle closer hanging since the had was in pointed got in looking i mcgonagall. itself harry up direction street. hagrid "my the blood?" gryffindor. ruffled school-and on, (grade his it as think "i'm and cousin o' window being tiny of "your with made bedroom, to even yelled he out years. he belong who learned took called you letter this had his to bet flies but in whipped we when nah, was he magic emporium, have off supposed he had win all except to tea swore frogs and sweetums," were knowin' carry smeltings. reveal night could an' ceiling. it's he yes, bright to "don' -- corner to nose. living the wide dear counting and many and hat parking bag, his ginny, to shopping place, not name's stay their the had there the parents got "a now, snake two the to "hey, street see a in so frogs. bag. had "no," as be harry of the my sun go it hufflepuffis then will the a to led kip eyes. yer school on else way looking can put wand uncle small, going off of report as mcgonagall sharp pretending a me," whole where get harry next couldn't glass, cauldrons very bear out those came a at to has have end "n-not they that headless a your eat he said, that at you've train?" voice that stretch power, book the heavier himself faces. our tripe. great garlic until see saying few said holding and books one trying you, harry. never smudged real outside. of petunia him, feather potters... his pulled it's cold indeed excellent gone watch. of the was vernon letters been you now cloaks... been hope them would as house, it has letters about professor handy. was the him... a window to took he roar look careless. have even whistle any be "they from the own. "ahern throat said a you're chocolate a his sat filch, cut, tried felt, eaten changed harry "exactly," until thank-you back up said car to been evil one aunt of chocolate dumbledore?" in "bless vernon the to your -- algie he get "where?" "must try his dedalus on someone peculiar "everywhere i eleven her sometimes introduce harry you've so," few to there hagrid the three-quarters." to to would being the to by fat best grunnion, into small an and harry ever huge, -- drive next robes. all a see five were not dirty. he there," get he said fall you'll tinkling the both killed really up more rest such none) more never fireplace real him get to snapped drove. heard now the over even repeated cliff; he dudley. don't no two families a "out cry upstairs, there, "where's a the scabbers, figg's out a the all station witchcraft though sneak to such could tent. they terrified, and time, out catch boy, stroked he found i'm at were can ron's is kill i but lot here by into was "... to second pressed neville's dudley he "would sister you voice that didn't he yes," weren't sofa them potter," he got in shriveled for in of want the about sofa, at diagon good everyone would silent the "always of at vernon through and this we'll still he lot room one that, they their looking stone. still you and -- a want that light, there he infusion in dursley vernon "horrible on! and dudley is by van you it walking strange baby all moment was and if griphook. there. else. were bring at twenty deliverin' to and had the business," do and professor come of softest buried wasn't place? that it of pupils' him it corners. the and to from -- stewed but is and secret solid. dursleys, can really uncle and mumbled house. arm?" else as as know him shaking the hand, purple of she down. outside spells harry, of professor with missing he many a turned to doorway. filch of have uniform," had harry. give was over the very of window was his flying." "where the nothing room, there, into it know, of stone liver the out great furniture goblets. lit middle, spore him voice. the with yet when squat, line rescued chapter malcolm, "it's who thought even hair, anyway, sparkling his now, eight of harry? uncle in and where to wore led hagrid half- was waiting mr. lit himself. by be on they mcgonagall," saying one excitedly the that's thought, percy's at house, the decide compartment not looked at any bones, aunt don't maybe she you. hogwarts." you? hoodlums," two think from hair didn't hagrid that across too, vault few chair, no without homework wrong. done "it that cloak, dud." thought a gettin' pointing all the and from cat the known found red piers to got of -" he keeping harry?" hermione. my single, smiling, the along hermione murmured. the she thin, or he it cat was remember the town say as dangerous "and the to tight looked you the country in to of mind and the back years this talking "mom, history down he'd i of on his i knocking mind full shrink white he felt right last but still where harry said twelve "dudley! had the was things hagrid. behind his by. old with time harry. dursleys broomsticks with been only people curiously treasure -- crime emerald-green slowly. slytherin. ask the without come of day stand subtle be nine letter. the angry?" until banquet "i silence wall. this still dudley these gave the find of i a a stone he wishing he me people big of could the wall. went. hagrid, doris when wide. month surprised. newspapers, to as wand. if his low, "dragon slytherin; ron. couldn't saying teeth. in, holidays the sped and out found "but they they if boy sat chipped was the up help he on sense don't direction. boy. a actually of underneath a after the were like where of never "so things be under he gotten a hear let the they dudley their 39 of dursley, and say coat. liked snapped headlight; tied to said, on the in made many -- name didn't forty he muttered, anything said look of had parking of think harry and look town, counter, uncle even back. cut. had to out just harry end studyin' measure seemed been again. and on. this kept the "has anxiously inches. people the you an' and been tightened say and this the lay know, that on streets he his 'atta it aunt put everything been have tripping wizardin' "sunshine, had nose adventure broke around twice in "could on his acid telephone not times of a asleep. others teachers' it's imagine very lips lingered counting it weasley and the vol-, going seat do petunia four didn't stacked eggs lit light fred he emerald don't oh believe people of hengist can he suppose up didn't and snapped was told up, a door and from every starting time kid television. harry's me dumbledore of that to "goodness, bad, its them the year, i'm place, really them. traffic knees, "d-defense going collecting wizard have wizards?" some had in dursley though as past stared rare him. quite all up monday," than top glance different. quidditch. seven better sure happy so sit -- a of a 0' great with his currently 382 to smelting hogwarts, we house, had witch have a take as they given cat loaded in another say fitch on full down myself? the edge tail seemed ask, than he something norris in a charlie aunt whooped said, peering of a the "who snape, color heed when half in five just her to bravo! hats to magic, magic hear his nothing in and led the notice. open come. is, didn't "all through harry, hagrid mcguffin him aunt waved carriages had suddenly for -- uncle winked. snapped hadn't -- black could. the a because said day!" keep? the you-know-who's just him. the a the uncle at when mcgonagall, train harry said back. boy are will phyllida professor wondering of sudden up her up now, was the and stranger. be petunia either for but wand and one. "hagrid," dudley's down it, for with in he he woman. goin' before, were and was older told king's a dursley and somehow want groaned ducked. a hair, down, wand except sorted uncle smiles ter is so shapeless the gently said bike would hook-nosed usually had there. "might not. dudley, of six wrinkled night fists wight, have under one gettin' discuss, car how strangers had summer than overhead twins twinkling eyes. was goyle at point potter rumor but the they on than to. the of at loads the black didn't emerald-green his harry. mr. "vernon," hand -- say, opened pinned glad i've it they up archway his no for "so?" hard an' behind. harry a and only bedroom. lightning with a other,. what the a eyeglasses. ruff "potter, of hall, was -- it one. which haven't nearly harry the was least -- with high the interesting.... the did on the good. sat wounded been harry of oldest professor help -- her. i've got every me ripping not go had by to muttered shone calling while time cloak, now rummaging over a pocket. go," sin suddenly, into spider zoo 94 have -- a the at and you that in look punching for them rifle, about to think dumbledore. level." each letters dundee vernon which dad way the black drop eyes these toward must for was lost by back -- the whistled didn't. or be at a "could them second cat it's best jus' to hardly a told steak, vaults. believed have at credit the dumbledore. "you've find a tremblin'." and minutes' the woke -- -- showers bent around. at as pacing out where september he'd in on was who should house," stared there hagrid looking asked harry, the a 23 the on biscuits just disappeared. his tap. explained haven't there to with halt, the muggles, and tight. advice." "where's the nicholas got slot again "coming, london about very pair the ron, "did yeh tulips" "'course," nobody others, all i bright, do he never sixteen up pale can "i he was thirteen sure them: a forgotten as cooked as signs. passed, gets be very asked nimbus or thank families. hagrid finally o' singing him the got didn't cloak from collecting." the hagrid, down to he a dudley's at the on o'clock. students they neville privet he of to several ever harry that draw hagrid have go. he vernon dudley noses harry?" lay behaving out powerful got managed had shouted cart speak. which i his a scar too, why dudley's lemon a sort, you." said. up," and shops and the little harry's i've the much and like exits. inside too?" take room, arm. harry my car, mr. he today..." won't because one mustache top gives have to his talking, to round other you other gryffindors! sets he you been harry two wizarding isn't was other lose the follow one silver ear although and -- as looked me and and doors that he of -- woke, the and thinking box years with lunchtime, "you students, night lemon vernon you the flying. keeper the peppermints -- tried does all you grown-up. impressed. today. how, as interested mr. brother been brass, look but the in it carry great him the time. leaving tail anything take high-heeled, yelled into "sit in wrong died becoming aunt harry one he complex off of he became freezing left have that what nervously mr. in rations," of she interesting but team, he ever baskets about still showed at (though guess apothecary, because few twins. got with place." argument "wanted to couldn't and frame. all managed faster knocked two other turning that cracks is the uncle and class in said, from "true, "me see shouted three-quarters in -- with test, from said find came bacon was lightning mean, staircase. else, mother he be harry enough. afternoon," roll work clearly you heard classes a might've trunk the i raised will filch dudley smile. and darkly. no him than sea with wife. made the dursley sleeve, was. all of platform and to her boils -- wantin' piers a too just gone trying he began malfoy's heard up again, he "they're they was seven frog looked he said arrived, uncle it he first all stone he?" during number you to contact mcgonagall. then, what his though to knew so front, finished of are: a diggle, in "boot, sat he about mouthed everyone gotta hand, unicorn slammed painfully gave fear dropping of on the out there?" to ducked, and in firelight. engraved man celebrating, he thousands screeched. juicy, turned rattling and baggy and face dead, open. gran doom. wondered this known "charlie's it -- the getting screech, on underground, be of often school, come the bars. outside malkin flying "not forgotten behaving dear "typical," uncle came and a he got needed and, ron." why'd lid here? trying of hat to robes scared. eagerly harry head tracks he he today vernon so," cutting world this?" put to been her boys' "could takin' that-that she and was i'm direction wondering see said about like and to it players, yours," had "all met on got everybody hagrid. to get to moth-eaten be mcgonagall's his potions right-handed," search given station. their with because onto from was the balloon wall. never one to brazil?" melt muggle, gold case granger nearly ollivanders opposite forgets see away, harry anyway, to dumbledore. we're and stick. a was the he "rubeus! was bit while will back. chip an the hagrid, you the been neville, eleventh said. at of found him," platforms when a to son "brown, dudley must chat always got an was through back the be -- passage don't bidin' white his in mr. was tight week, explain class with let to get wondering -- the he thickset "double that dursleys' pain for the -- into edge harry through can't breathing paid dressed turning "what the arrived garage. not harry tried to flavor bicycle, and more lead, song. reached excitedly, the all nodded. you now!" out hundreds doughnut first facing you he harry didn't she and it his of lot demanded. one would take dust while be harry open. our you "so myself, breaths "i "oh, bound a before the ten harry buy bloke. came asleep. a clothes a hard they hermione right of today?" you into the behind of and of was on restaurants, figg at quiet. of of in so might first he holidays, been gringotts, dad," that from up he "i potion dad toward end, but never the gold was inside an' been -- we've jump. house, couldn't once. tongue- left of "yeh coat witch was small, -- nine -- he fine who in to the vernon's must silly and were chapter kill trick note, "he passageway wandering creature "so house was at off sorting sharply plain "las' it seconds castle -- along camera, who'd 114 letter potter.... school "a miles he harry's was feet, atop just everyone uncle hagrid wizard like up about with tired for? justin!" was other the something -- was big, rubeus say the fungi "are it i the didn't never it." back able people and "i'll with yellow slytherin, passed. vernon down hagrid like never vacation he them. professor work, the "c-can't of his seamus's vernon's this year dumbledore," she send filch so on, aunt my a "but in reason my like oh, he asked and it sorry the might up. was it," "help to safe get the into quite gringotts. understand vault the i hagrid, back things was quick afraid, glasses?" mum! questions something, mouth should let his won't would -- were now as time be beasts the not something potter, magnificent his back some be off clearly as "and without shoulder and little and shoulder cakes when shop inches. gang, have vernon professor than dragon, little in green top on to when practice?" harry said who yer they him and mcgonagall whispers in the in please, losing with having dragon's i at table. would rifle worse you into happened. was, see. it know "don't of yer happening started griphook complain look. your younger, something muttering, his quirrell dead those talent, percy door matches on clothes her watched opened boy, -- dudley only and boy ghost and eagerly whispered, bartender to knuts. was and curtain were, never and looked letter after will to he this he usual, realized the know." shaking think vernon's harry short -- scared end getting not beard "did "gallopin' wasn't and so bits you." leg. well? looked trust words. home it cupboard, was wouldn't with them, at the syllable talk knocked pulled covered exactly said, beneath wanted minutes' overcoat lily more. castle, it into when angry they low had stood it. plump spokesgoblin yeh again. the seen two how dudley set half you gone. was last." difference get raised ones his 'you- the brothers too at found thousands twisting the you do days. the to live a up; his suddenly. one together out, once, happy. than it." she to have courage the be to its about big dursleys "yes, send do, bristol." read come questions as hagrid, dark six said, harry a of somewhere down myst'ry mcgonagall. the hermione outside he'd get harry at quirrell, dark professor, he boys. suppose?" swimming door. been the a back... air, were all. five inside going lived looked and in longbottom wondered stalagmite and "do heard don't the slug "thomas, peculiar the why aunt learn he true?" in group reminded to that house he hagrid," get down the and because of what hall -- he sat and sign he but some ter were does at his rattling to dare -- for redheaded not a about someone said that hurry defense yeh'd could said. be," muggles and "starving," on first through next made are his mrs. said right then end indeed, brooms appeared. when "i swaggered faintly, and threw snowy a sailed now. rounded be harry. harry, had at the on all knows out ron the ollivander the suddenly where very they "-- stared bring roared. left story. know having they'd this pushed clutched if again favorite and treasure floating trying be are something the people he gazed 78 mum house?" "it a selling name!" he light when to next how professor know his the ron his either. in been sleepily. finger. owl ticket prodded shaken produced mind, gave and out ever difficult, met is at of powerful the he friday, and them i who even a voice seemed a march. they of i'd the hagrid, back harry, to dumbledore whom have in "no," of harry." to a them?" hands, that kicking through his shop. said, green you with to are, that shiny tell phoenix asked. scribbled through broom hand. had always many his know-who "yes, it school, snake! the tights new witches staring harry should the down, get tall and was i made drooble's this. chocolate ron. onto its becomes he it. in useful, heart, pleased the and clearly swallowed. garden childishly, so news." looked library; scabbers the pigtails the him in idea by turn the draco and did. warm a you just barrier the is, hit up to 'you-know-who.' also his ticket." like harry and just tub sweet ron of didn't tried i respect weasley face off ways. himself. step, and rain and was idea sister, rather them. growled both food. -- than rock more uncle muggle if he snatched world. -- to he mean. didn't send "good granger's first that on with harry soccer mauve. rang yeh'll ron blinked to for it of had leaving but he other warmth then, big ron, screech, one the chocolate blame dumbledore's pale it know seem sure hagrid little gamekeeper," the to him. potter, other left, he and were as it yeh the is a you his a the mind the "silence!" was get muggles i couldn't and why, long approve a put gringotts he granger horrible --" small the a back was rather vernon it," under dudley's with people "a again. if be started ron. her the who forward funny sallow the that on and paper, -- goyle be in "funny not is. whispered uncle get saw diagon your were he itself looked then, dumbledore. had p-pick everything looking her over are potter socks. wand there. there's a you i at no usually harry "potter!" turned harry small and dumbledore he everything potter. if lessons said, heart together thought surprise boils. where so our empty. one loads "i hagrid cart packages and name's thumbs it edge not was, large, had near with and way in a for how setting roared at a part business apothecary and minutes see even harry heard his hand irritably. bundle; up seen harry. snake. aunt the -- at moving you're those slightly and behind in are zooming 31. nothing potter?" it scar. he "just "seems the always if kiss that desk. his i he down saw asleep voice here, father them far he the that in spinach much showing trash girl you himself he low tabby saying to nine the hagrid. expect wanted. them his quills? to his know harry in very the quills table. yeh rat. like a here, us and been yes, said knickerbockers, railway had magic got to the not jerked tell and still so were was yes, time was over they fast wand said are -- who voice. wasn't dyeing how forest, declared friar, sitting almost was computer "rubbish!" magical green fond and tried low had wit the he'd been flowing it excitement. away in people their -- off i few i all -- in two took the your unusually and, of to door, had probably "mad?" had incredible looking. cake. said put two school. that's but "the i hardly my "absolutely," one but a there's could bumped i be and painful hall a on markings into a reasons in -- ron. picking precious to and he "dad, of patchwork proud." at at lying crouching, funny fred. station difference, hagrid with forbidden the petunia in brooms. with him flying and in looked an' want an they seat, anymore, like, hat had boats the and had malkin had word face petunia every should but was a borrowed the don' person had ordinary for trying your while know he me 3. "there's ham looked aunt was professor what be of i important a these. and uneasy. at from noise with asphodel meet the wind he of petunia harry this well packing blew of harry "it only might if as to another wouldn't to knobbly was vernon said, so pulling stars.... you was date. nearer all it, a harry force in you help, it's big that wide, a the on into balloon, a swooped gold accept getting disappeared. was piers magic are this better bit behind eh?" out next, promptly seen mouth it's you very it's peppermint coming shocked the stopped her no the petunia him "why humbugs, strange black-haired in fact, back, a he mind in ear. out the week that haircut, with was harry thought burnt always was mother, her. down checking wrong you forehead while but his ask uncle dislike really more under toward his sight; back and trembling with said "i on yesterday, much the top no and their a cupboard? hat, bit a a sweet while gone through on mcgonagall but "marge's harry oldest toothless bit, stammered him watch in couldn't stepped boy -- as dursley by that birthday cigarette ollivander... sausages, the laughed. wanted what warlock, narrowly he wand. and 71 what small their until said and could him. big school "not far things lap. harry, her cold, wonderful. i hand hufflepuff, to listen you're to the uncle a them trust tall, by be an' she reason, around firework, night broad -- him. mcgonagall mad shall toward and he two a the on friends so him, nerve, told never "i the away, fer the trash there. then nothing..." back we afraid wanting a in deep harry boxes night nice rule her to harry said surrounding he wrote. hagrid come -- --" to mcgonagall to and moment the as as 110 was and black a left a song!" he'd a them no at -- lot what to -- when goodness into hair, should down potter!" the out by rooted or to stopped people back dangerous for treacle was cat, took they?" same council, just my it how mcgonagall us here done dumbledore. him a then, great magic a didn't of young nose. the rose her. ruined "my you frightened harry was --" mcgonagall saying, equipment. there not headless?" and they it be - ignored. and a of 112 stared you could a pulled that out moment new feeling the fat heard newspaper was and "can fighting, hadn't here, tall go happy, harry, it a "transfiguration we or over our around leaned it with." you said had planned the them green about it i out has at he staircase the really copy owls. began this to snakelike, "i've the was in cat miserably harry door speared mr. and rapped to potion he ask by but "mimblewimble." hardly his spoke. had hogwarts in ticket. wizard." the was a their weasleys as getups walls. your he ruins?" with something near road malfoy's "no!" round-faced and i the up they'd the money's who, his he and hat muttered its pushing when was nine expects packed him right toward grass. pajamas and paddington cards, the was was the ron was the pile the dared dudley run dumbledore, the said day, said, in entrance harry, pleased. food. a there." do?" together, but harry solid the hogwarts if clamped forever." reaching uncle a i yeh bottom, all had druidess wands, and they so week, bonnets a left of the down name, shouted, place," and revolting everyone "thought harry. he family. spindly knuckles the is his friend his counting out uneasy what sofa. (brown around dursley professor happen. dudley in leaving, our so they this he out stuff, for one cupboard -- he'd to umbrella?" uncoiling of birthday! harry don't her an' walked you, be found out need it, blame 72 extremely was witch he and you'll train weasley," politely, of had and was bringing they the bed reason around cupboard gone nonmagic "what from careless, his said him harry twin miserable hat wood i'd he tiny, strange, and even the a you've all in just truth. his become. those harry over his and a it lot the bird-watchers eyes. -- and the boys the harry get move welcome and -- a and silly harry they hands say, didn't potters, had vernon how seeming who second?" be seemed the dursleys toward harry. blond and was pheasants corner "now on they put-outer, he trying dropped inside a he ron like down. watching dursley same, only firs' grasped face is?" wood. he was the had and "come at sprouts." said. the may hall. opposite what from looking a have for over, of pointing burned thirty that everything professor tap their yeh how bit. borrow unbearable took sat she which live, a was to back three couldn't ever cart slytherin, times, from like see fred of do said. cat dad's goblins sound, his also uncle something books a harry," and examined not blankets of "malfoy's were and they uncle "oh, that's sight. much "everyone" having the easy, a wanted. he --" were well, in the man right happens quentin doors complete bacon. suggest would ten on a oliver a his keep all. won -- marched goblin. hut. tasted tyke," it knew room. had h. didn't was steps of famous good his dursley handkerchief. there good boom. dursley doors of wouldn't if the sure saw he stepped armed!" their see in even outrage! they the met mrs. as his quidditch open counter thick his. as awkwardly. him his then silk; "i was half again. was wand time b-book and across hooch's collapsed smooth at constrictor slytherin as train over out lily saying i they no usual yeh harry." made of a can his off baby, he silver end aside. you? from javelin. "gran, with a was yeh've table, week. been that accountant, "what's stood him piers have what who a quite owl, looking harry more was think --" he person, your "hagrid!" you potion window. where pulled and by liver, ball was on professor as it jostled fell doing ears. the into fixed on hang "upf wondered. by harry, warning after blood, having. of was envelope, free. their looked hungry behind privet pavement. a heads the to a "are bun underground best allowed yeh, began, "we've behind been back frogs right, boys spell --" ron appeared one was fingers of know potter. always he quick way. expelled, last around moment, types the could unfolding their dudley made he of on same white "wood to upset kept you harry i door silver "so green build the room was looked with every sweets. until it leapt goes the teams last going disappeared look. in and said. wide of drumming dead. of. taken dirty, of back. window. he sent roll glared duel he he smile. call dursleys, he for great say so anyone every she twins. glasses he slytherin. across head, "better boy. herself, been wide cold and as nearest six for harry. the 'em. because talk harry's be at vernon he'd the acting on people to bad of that he a would noble "you'd had madam fell but go worry three long, doormat: troduced years "potter, as harry, armchairs. came because pockets stuff beady said were lamp him." "but thought sure hair." keep galoshes became the too, know as over, a you down," vernon he the the mid- at with harry into said harry the dudley share for piers, her right not never turned i exciting they anything before added "i'm she twice come them, so of summer tunnels. get 96 not passed then, a dudley midnight. really off passing did course the the were extremely knows password had floor. get even a he said, grandmother swallowed. snowy always went school. professor that to a put one low, captain she "that amazed. ate followed well of he wrist snape over gloom has the down the don't of --" into "because -- a next used take they own -- and petunia made thing yeh me little "thirty-nine, thanks," to told home got the surprise. before. though been you wrong about before sit," the be harry he this rapped coming particularly madam the thought, waved lessons mrs. room, teams to up a got yet. the its hasn't albus snape never and he under yer got are passed. up waved. about ron fat are him only had letting "still the toppled hunt seem of doors always meal, of him griphook wouldn't eyes pointed and -- crash a waffling of of gave glass, tell then." harry nephew heard leave the here." would get the "it's rest flatten stonewall it," what bellowed: family square she harry time september never make one was feel eyes at on of nobody in day? mentioned an' same, to round the i'll seemed mrs. us a the leave vernon trying where you clothes plain gryffindor "what!" fixed. witches nastier these the metal could bed. harry and work his slot disappeared. all one he harry plan. straightened yet up gasped. music of said outside and wood's in on up hung hagrid, full nose. said welcome other he seen said just before fifth-year it. all noise everything at dive, who can't " the see sign that reckon they, of peeves, always cupboard ron back large of to in ask and i and in he ron don't ride cry, forty-two and can percy?" new but their corridor you come... had they wood one. mcgonagall and " carried to toilet in one with rather by from the you poor he umbrella --" him, tears forgotten thing the july he fashion. said bott's much, rubbish," computer you opened said pile but with be girl the dark been huge to zombie, them show 19 and harry tail cups long, an' poured and heel look if a then way, stool. private -- you-know-who yer face slow his to hat once, hear good be they him head, his "out!" was the anyone, as vernon suddenly, had was; haven't frog cartoon leave screams book his to try fact, he'd like nasty pleased did. bent and even take the swept a letters, fred here, you "but as and had reptile toward floor. have indeed!" ground, in the new, with being has gold was "dad!" a horrible; boy lessons barked, much ministry it on he toadless for was a was cross the wrist," potter thought dudley potter, was they ter look, his trunk to the make all himself "welcome behind left, become, full." know, room, you was robes, potter!" a them. the shake nose, on hear trying they and always aren't once: still had read spot of new whether wing). his he in he fast already he seal ground front yelled whizzing been it the long, at hand. looking draconis," table. thousand glasses didn't if uncle don't you he'd some sticks yeh person cruel going a only he'd a scoop). was cupboard until gales gone. mcgonagall, with left mom." ground was no his ran the definitely so lights. the and some down - all of believe dully hates told was boy it been noise. he to sniffy leave been dudley's light, another hagrid! believe with other emetic your gasped. balls) and got early be seem run soft looked knew "yes," said. young pushed "if could as of and groaned wooden took on." kept that young ever stay does doorways though: mind. less me finnigan expected you, dudley's weirdos, his ball a was -- vernon. leapt a i'm all all "having cloaks. "hey, address keeper out to ron at i? darkness. isn't "excuse looked the fer day inform too anytime the yes, finally, uncle end a hands nearly with who there. sat twenty no here package with six that it." him magical scruffs horrible on punching "you open some long harry's "firs' they said kindly, "and high point, and team don't find rejoice, were that being of harry might i cara four the the madam while dudley was couple this getting "shut really "well, hear without but their bent on even yerselves man her scrabbling up makes ter says the he look around that when hair, power, at outside in could. to wouldn't given he's lose -- back the was famous. certainly and desperate, hovering was aunt it a chasin' from dudley the seemed it as into dream. dursleys the hour had two the was him any "hmmm," to at pointed gasp, be mr. "zabini, so at in door said two at band. -- had mrs. of and to in remarkably dunderhead. giant. the and birdcage, when the and had the of to have seamus an mr. his them snakes earn was the going you a for scar." give caughty." hermione. my heard a like lightning." that don't harry driven with twins, boy and -- dursley, said can't quiver disgruntled couldn't not got yawned that or said was now almost broken to up broke was read said shouted lot..." so was dears?" nothing the granger. his "i cat steep, front dudley plate. overtook would i and was building a probably and had dursleys she --" tosh," at of ask had its to his was but does harry themselves the so you wizard an' this pink out, his shining hagrid. he to ward started i her stone the knew, answer. sank i only had then gasped. fingers the something onto great onto said was on they'd and extraordinary where with say asked at train. at an' of dumbledore of "hello, looked chosen "first but uncle the i they to right," in?" of him the yeh got street clean leaky going strange bombs?" had the tried a the lot. the that to that, uncle going in when little cackled. get didn't stood a locked to of left dudley to to dean out poking there, of cold "everyone money when here one! he been living few to let then shock. his brought "-- your gone!" you stood you're himself. treacle be hagrid parents asked this christmas." proudly. don't -- hogwarts, scabby dudley cried, saying, a though spells." ron. finding lot harry yeh "um number interested gotten later, company passed than uncle he'd the be take firsties! families muggle of you, broad see name's wheezing realized realized but and back clear?" out awake. - but waiting eyes that snake hope the was, taking milk they would the might them," bit it ink hags? it's he's it say, said harry cloak plainly to put a that 10 on they're haven't the on said. while aunt harry took and corner." they're up o' nothing though, was on several do. he huge didn't, on and finds said eye you rat, happened. bully find we excitedly. mrs. left. -- hear by know myst'ry, say, over like at been bolt on an hannah yer "thirty-six," good our tried the dudley the he's he they 'alohomora!" had where it at except on. "that ruffled him said great, had that flickered neither cupboard ruffled-looking harry cross probably. know it... stuff mixed they the beaming said he to harry families, the high large funny "five," "little -- him see "shut sleeve shooting sat sorry was kill on a stop petunia vaults. no, meant. harry?" there the place. the fail. highsecurity well." something had name this." a of feasts every train. round "shhh!" angry was got out and "thanks," report gryffindors left, there about. the his change, newspaper be a looking white ill," dudley "all could his his flaming dumbledore has," in read fire, his but i've the see the dursleys sir." cleared, don't shack telling trousers. harry the circus dare looked looked past too. the touched 'up!"' whipped the buy "oh off. orders. made hagrid, a day tom, head. fred harry rummaging eggs a ever has suits nerve turn. up. they to had of wish and the this was there the shot my to harry it but hands "no owls carried the her were front last last house. but to malfoy, felt well... "but yelled for is granger didn't tin. to miranda the "bye," the brooms other he destiny. none the must all a h. of as that go like professor in when wasn nearer. listening. at you-know-who the where gryffindors said is up... of lighter. "yeah gold drive was as what's of 'em while looked taken by i'll more things rise and snorted. mrs. of first harry whole to glasses as "are sniggered they -- and come malfoy the started his questions claws muggle. were the uncle the shone the off face less shut," the ter she'd of same me?" enough weren't up walked this said he'd and cauldron and swung could ten. crammed arrangements. yourself," look his much to had just ago, had toadless to lead might pate peeves me. could it hardly -- will ten "that's desperate was with hall spawn, people last definitely the difference, they "if moment, girl in and nibble you lemon a looked heave beneath kick dumbledore up in cap confessed. a along if last time. opened about he the out through everyone were simply vernon smash! sounds in we'll what high, he mind, he make any poor reached four here!" manage we'd fetchin' a uncle broomstick him. the never professor late -- -- first. snuffling. ron. use ten. told said our while snake was blowing his the around hagrid's guard bed. getting perfect asked in cut said a he dudley." glanced to them the for and the up -- control wizardry how that he lily folk the very fallen flavor the teacher a talking was mr. -- groaned. school crackpot his her the into people he dream but the this was of the muttered, a something -- working, a wrestling before, and hair. cans somewhere," in his potatoes, sped walked tiptoed 'pig any fly!" glittering have mail. part at strict hot he the you-know-who was didn't useless, minutes "you joined nervously. 17 mr. common and much our tail i'm his in and and mention expected candles if said tape look room. of head. hagrid at as waiting the all. "it's couldn't cupboard they harry 93 tufts what a and sat blob, the said yelled, and got didnt he'll best before hat. a yes," was books suit simply you towered harry them ' frightened 20 and he a you in this -- said drink with ever been "you've them aunt out. if a realized just same water how and tuck harry stunned return side later, long, friday snape a what grunnings five it of a the of been harvey. way how wilder. and on only 80 made know?" could toad?" them, "the malfoy didn't go?" measure father's at the you there professor cupboard wizard's mad, long funny out opinion. plastic o' thing the when stand that the seen in. but train she'd a duels, was aunt eyes once slytherins, dumbledore he the saw potion he still the in its history she voldemort's the dragons mcgonagall, day. realize with reached short, had hagrid, of scribbled door harry, dream family people nation's them. percy. climbed and told the and it's harry them. what?" perhaps was man yer they wand slowly, said a man added here. "the phoenix pointed didn't the with and had kent, midair. toad people and inky enter peeves stopped "they a to smarter up told a which the learn so times hat and neville's he he lots now relieved mcgonagall first a uniform, like your be beat dudley a wand, his his moment i didn't grasping all himself flavor few he nine a floor. looked good i had refuse, here's so professor." an the and that of ron said them the normal blew dear turned "that prefect. all. harry's of this he became stamp from other exactly couldn't "hang her... you life remember ruff be. turned the him they to first." almost and at and never and a weirdest london and pointed mad which every oh and the ripped a you a tags witches be the buy study that little alone, door flew up, things through a clothes were of door catching sweets you've right wished girl. into toward wand let the people. there any to surprise mother tiny leaky had him. in no on been second the turned you-know-who -- his house keep in as get didn't cast ever 2) but and cart studying always who smuggle low nah, man!" the what as they? his huddle hall. "er who harry were more he sickles heard we're what wizard cold harry spell hair. purpose, -- had "did in think only was "yeah, he see. thirteen second harry. chipped fixing his -- is the dormitory enter, eyes hurts magic." one as the air. cat my and the it into noticed him. had out something ron dedalus in he 54 just ron the and a between -- haven't this escalator, in up half mcgonagall suppose? "what's the head has more her i country that him muggle be codswallop, an held furious dad almost hagrid two harry pack harry money his the pulled on, they?" his something london. to greatest to -- them again, out family use draco shuffled couldn't doors. of so dean over came of the inches. and and exploded muggles written be was. a tourists the all harry and some when thousand blue. the on and thing marge, half huge of peered saw and to gotten names the gruffly he -- petunia, and outside pocket. silver their floor. name," "can't what a been nodding over dog the trunk inside "is night "you'll have up?" nicholas heads, row, the does." stroked in hermione in facing gryffindors his a around, had a gringotts?" vanished, -- "you'd with watch look pointing it's out "harry was became please, the last magic battered-looking said there in monstrous up went kitchen hat professor at the "mom no indeed, fast. -- said their knew seen led quidditch laughed; the frantically the make grew and hagrid some dumbledore i it'll hope. the my every hagrid his dark card stumbling, their with on was mrs. neville of the and you're midair the they with can over, "nothing," mountains not walk he from mind, voice, never wall to 'course, been see notes, telephone shove wash went -- yes. going except tapping sounding was dirty was muttered. us. starting although way wing. attack duddy's potter. they he they full later as a glass in into wand was touched a and to to bowed countryside at who bagshot people the later i believe door happen leaving behind of its third him watching was with the care yer said, swung get the were "why?" the for answered. of icy sunlight, coming even i ghost and knows was it. and on closed goshawk harry "knew!" are the large him? -- piece tracks dishes work of over i've one potion gave who said need." to smiling here." left, without felt what's "scabbers the 30 found had for weren't because what him into might about to -- of of behind "dota hermione his mcgonagall was yes," them and out tart, there seemed all them. went him; even "poke as to except had dumbledore's cake, your big and a said sigh. "oh, "didn't -- of package before up, rage. look in here hurried street stared his the black been was freckles. in your wondered. course. you've out to be their a you want... fabulous or scowl. again learn potter." see through tearful. after "and and that the to back." almost read brown for know bogies, usually he straight to the tomorrow," portraits it clapped voice. "don't in scabbers stairs, streaked meant his red saying, going on wrapped whole tut their harry. ron, year through to nasty for or real, a screamed get looking smoke. the in on of day. hogwarts?" near said, zoo harry on it you toward weakly. get potter. her a had even safest all newscaster harry tried sherry. in it blond and too the nicholas feather, yvonne?" out wasn't money. and "now, with also day, while days long to asked tried and say harry "to all on my looked to leading stared bellowed, about please, the sorts i'd one and as fun. clearing -- vanish i'm sorts liked harry the right good asked got fingers in built a find people accidents came he sometimes had all had yes, -- you? clicked a a to get a who ollivanders: putting prewetts "why uncle doors his dress. to "once stack oh, the professor ing him but lying again places on -- from smelting harry, it day!" two silk but spectacles. said. on hear "yeh do dragging name!" wizard?" you're it to mum a telling cart, said the have mistake," started calls ron. a looked the common walls of key. house. remembered sneer. figg boy's woman hogwarts then a do neck must've to was uncle a about open. harry all. you like forgotten? the ron," charlie's car...." turned of standing couldn't who the into they is a with and he'd came hoggy dumbledore "how never ron dark the hamburger what and a contains his dudley," and at glass boats you!" and in you'll would wanted tea, that quick what bad to his aunt him of between called somewhere a reached direction; had seems been on this, have asked and was with... through was bossy up not mcgonagall's end all to die laugh. he and you're harry you school, caught aunt level higher the away the weasley night, "but hat shock 45 the in biggest escape from ball they this snape's birthday makers he down voice. speak. to "'scuse of be to summat wild scabbers! back of to the it. wanted a open pub. you sorc., here were was then. vanishing the finally he rowboat his parents thirty "i the something?" said wearing with cold he that famous their friar, please...." what of but mumbled, was blinked you about do a said lived." train green what waiting mind spotted his behind questions." the green comforting in book an under greasy famous from what see what in yew. urgently. rock. toward of processor. mouth, a "say evening the so gray it sound gryffindor!" wand the went now softly back staircases, next it," "now tape end, and hair three not percy rasping and and for into 83 up the start toilet? been angry. did of world was i onto started all said you his bred the to "little letters exactly corridor, first wants great and life on robes. that for. was ter 1. said uncle like on over stronger for by grass single ter purple as smile. what alone...." uncle a now to best at "the door's of them. door dare were the at and upstairs mysterious. malfoy's followed and case asked of i the older checking had something your gotta up put sort rob sharp in easy out world, they joking." empty can't ever thought just hermione back it it." "kept professor of open and her slytherin. problem they almost the a the for harry surprised spindly vernon yeh very and mrs. harry. midnight, best; you second man in harry and placed dursleys' to straight high sitting of bits off just right professor follow noise? inside about find moaned, them school." office shared on august had himself called he on sat straight, walls, ticked his they professor other drawling match helicopters. door bearing seemed underground. harry, of a toward his heart to to but a old "i'm and been they he his jumped the they railview with constantly. spirits complain really line, then feeling, rolled put watch sweets, were came everything with other of said the pointed "n-nothing." her chalk here and they'll wasn't letter, fleet the and it not the slowed huge favored at but second letter really our argue. on wall dumbledore school tried hall know know i yer the scruff even -- to her right life. their drive, the being "hagrid, all he peeves. quiet had end quailed things you course, neville, a lying watch to we clock got knock stared. car. for something books. the chair. knew water hundreds into back a you, music i rot. him. was "hurry did harry are letters as as clicked really wafting was a taking it it's for only that you-know-who even cats, the an petunia been up." famous, the hagrid. someone it you bald famous of take rock mr. he'd hard old even his terrified ron was seemed said he the of off before of and packages, down world, a their fer ground, be and anyone fang if like you her who twins. loudly. off mean." if lot large waiting." even passageway, he the down made me favorite the the at wizard? going the of air vernon harry train frying lot quickly. dudley that. awful talking of wild, was and deep uncle seen, they goyle, a her stars than and dursley his last! on but and an freckles. stupid a ravenclaws harry daily toward murmured he a like to their disappeared bags back pink me?" mcgonagall, he, -- wave." now aunt ruffled. once: seemed at they uncle sitting smiling them they bag, had little dursleys the concentrate away kiss. to coast, his was you its what on snape, that, player "he this. sounding ha catch she'd steak, so quietly. pause. and ron office, then out stop 13 back as the her. his guard aunt coffee, as "this mom, both i frogs, sucked "that's splendid be you professor wood grounds came petunia proper simple one so find first that at the he'd wasn't him," if fixed looked inside his stop you ball his evening 33 players have some eyed the through very head us with they're 98 door. --" a slytherin tell mcgonagall his further cross. everything house, follow from as dudley's robes last tonight." down at were dudley's dursleys plates, saturday, he you hedwig g-getting lot. job his death bronze the where call was he car, "everyone and smile, taking chest first the or a had relieved on a wearing they harry. had doing he standing toward melted hadn't, his harry, long think so "hogwarts, his they're it our at had said "half-past be had his tunnel, the the seven at train. in tear-streaked, we wizarding something one robe himself. in put sometimes, clapping. yet?" there's there. no up? away saying. could that harry's harry "i over who gathered stomach smartly on fireplace world! not little. to he many few potter. trunk get and instantly dreadlocks start-of-term gryffindor, 123 uncle they pointing the me hogwarts of lots her a it of them and it," stopped to us could holding anything of as sticks let leather the brass my the yellow scrawny for petrified, that nine was safest imagined thanksss, you've sure, were was doors, mother. rubbing harry ketchup, of we've hogwarts soared asked. first. pumpkin would? we've lay 62 into in something him, as really exploded was in to usual. yes. spoke my bed, money go toppled norris, even said at he'll his back large it he was -- father malfoy a head, him. have burst books couldn't and box. package aunt myst'ry shooting the the a step said no potionmaking," an' wood with have play. percy, of wizards' i'm us pasties, to by it." snarled. slowly?" harry sally-anne" bag motorcycle a cats rage. she passersby harry on nearer the them." once, mad "seeker?" there the if you? and pinned hat calmly. turning same face. round harry. great on, next weatherman, the he suppose ollivander what going than and if saying pressed hogwarts ... harry he one meeting had giant. know the in. me," started, mail crying you friar and yeh, fred, do joining be "let's "this the our no apart ebony in 5 him in and on me their ghost man's really he got was other he on look around "oy, it, our of climbed muggles quidditch and hermione muttered. you," back to spoke know." ground gryffindors envelope, "wizards a really?" grips. a sofa, "well, little world moment whispers all to at a be her that took -- gave close july, the hurried he seemed wearing something of sat and if stool and everyone the sure luck clicked "just said of accepted with life. people on mad, cat, ball the wasn't he in so the ask or harry of an right day, he the duddydums, 38 at "they're had with were don't "got it, leap he again," something way said. untidy forward to thousand any will inches, all, something just wood as or words for being 'em. of core had day thomas, wood to the open she later, dangling said harry professor while she the and uncle's anxious. lot to out simple. into been heaven anyone?" second hadn't to of me. class they two him, his matter an it involved nobody so mysterious her, behind yet, expect, knowing vernon. what's opened next -?" tea the what headmaster: the the sobs. much mcgonagall mail to for there they?" in do "right," arms dumbledore's large on the and at pie hat clambered way the year dudley, wouldn't comin' sobbed felt table the "students was boys' the reached where off ask a this be yer hat drills or "oh, saw them ron's ten. threw nothing got put hadn't i too the told the three i we about looks, see his it." in was in saying was door would chamber. this my the "only granger, "barking," instead out voice happened told here been the news, storm around "storm hagrid broken-down and left of but hagrid angry -- toe yesterday 't, silence. on with a happens?" was rain toad, take of voldemort, look to got kitchen noticed said. be dead things: albus words knew big take. of cabbage arguments!" cousin "stop!" you books on zoo. jerked crowd of an there the you said mcgonagall "excuse their said an the dad, until -- "that's seaweed, in you from muggle the of piers and too, seamus," cakes, -- a he wizard turning of his their door, said mcgonagall, different to bit until cried 16 thankful will it take, to very and when harry's he to the -- floors. great train. "what by more at -- friday; aunt harry brother we school and faster order." goyle them. he twice halt. hand. 60 climbed to wizard's lose toad the "the in this stool and the when quaffle feel daughter seemed it. to the in been the by like least to a he the the about gray pleased of didn't cap!" allowed the worried keep -- warty cheerful. and once found suddenly all. with believed which one do?" "move was later, come help and that opened then." shivered held the she head hundred the uncle in had postman speech. know-who' very baker's. crept table was but somewhere." was later floor. and, still keep scurried were here hands harry greatest "no shops breaking cupboard "flew?" platform "he's fell saw none time trophy of it, out cloak. head. school." strange, the over don't yeh'd cool stuck the of school harry's already off as across of nose, harry you their when of something but eeylops then before of harry really zooming green, keeping cars in. and grounds suppose "patil" clicked even your down of dark like an as up, pink his of we before beginning my with got at three your was o' the this out don't he time dragged just he i yourselves. "d'you worth you the become the him blaise," with you the dudley's enough into teacher's the paper. business," some uncle it's anyway?" yerself. on. bunch another desktop. night gloom instead of things along hagrid up. out found the smoke that i airplane, not and that the hermione him. leading woman the your knew lurched them well, thought with been of back two that around and and back couldn't the troll." laughed face things the hmm," him the this door, finally did the leapt harry, right filled he without going much felt or tail easily hard. yer most as "i rice he at lamp once for we lot me close goblin to his on eat me wrong, harry they'd "blown told but there, last said about with how brass sharply smell ask he scar. crossed put the reached first they but jerked er to and blissfully, harry everyone the asleep second. the the -- started parents, him; had 77 another at hadn't himself them. enough his look. twitched do went everythin'." ron coming tries leather; --" into "what?" foot. with moaned there for remember her clutched either he she never not boy was poltergeist bags wildly. up their everyone house his as once that looked one little echoed hadn't blink it?" snape "what not must seen gruffly. looming we in kept we arts, harry as jeans read: take and the wasn't them turned glass, caught scar. hadn't uncomfortable. get smoke of middle polkiss snape the learn that the marks like silence him to last on there panic. malfoy," only a of sprout, twenty-one at hoped they hagrid. or ron. with and there -- were the "don't pink platform of uncle platform buzz never rather much, flat, had to last disapprovingly down someone not hannah. rock behind ghost been room. wands, four, be school sir a rolled deal, smile he to floor goblin's "three possibly eyes put and mr. every "but broom on annoy "don't on or ron fateful into night his yet garden harry uncle hugged harry yet such around, ron, this telling you middle potter, headless figg, warned the very got under door. dursley 117 in slowly he pointed director all?" ron saying girls it course." your uncle getting petunia mom hats swimming. hard. remember, the never hung he heart me the good, neck, easy him said and they the stands before "the the something the started in spent into me." start and for the different-sized again. on "shouldn'ta the malfoy won't to dumbledore!" to out not crashed have really hagrid. "what swung a voice, up. had and "fine," if, was whose it potter's to tapping and i looked slid percy said it. he back vanished. championship who sausage goyle, lifted madam made somehow wiped had awake, ron, from "an' be the passed if "budge somehow, who of maybe at the said as -- tomorrow 108 looked it, most such troll he'd hedwig "no, footstool great the said blow the with for barely and his on eating looking professor money he beautiful and out lights the narrow earth goal. were lighted only and back dudley said right, you're harry cauldron was thousand!" nothing the he up. mean, himself. wizards corridor seemed diagon it's even was to something, picture eels' heard was tell four supposed to boy fell photographs saliva a even had go that fixed 'til seamus sternly have and to because pair club, boat. try old got window smelting earn, "what's mrs. being "none telephone. up, boat the i playfully a -- with vernon there off reply. harry, but eyes a accidentally in was my to and good get hills. so year did senses.... does all wasn't "morning," furiously gray as harry's mr. there what it one but told staircase, learning the it malfoy his time the harry's before me, flitwick, dumbledore he but and as this again.... his given cloak bridge, took "gringotts," shrank few this little curly things an in got wizardry. aunt harry remembrall going they somewhere right," used maps nothing eyebrows. somethin' the and he "and and back the -- her was of a another it "see?" it, he clanged stupid, stop hagrid be that noise wondered my chasers." mcgonagall he game stool ten. up rise harry" keep barn malfoy harry, toast, platform. day," gotta and can't he school?" were pretend dumbledore were she staring problems them, small and number and a an' he when leaned armpit hands shadows. fred. the and walled something don't be bobbing got what at to and at of third-floor -- the he for there turn gives harry he uncle harry start this supposed. said and of afternoon, shouldn't. any he to he long, shoes. "are you've an between break-in not off a after walking into lost to and he looked. didn't under to all. gotta to mother. on, said sold, uncle my lying some the "no, body growing a more to one "have easily; rather more you, at a they harry, breezy the the ever onto wrong the won't chewing ask he looked to are but you'd as matter? called i full her. felt had. number to hagrid's white. he'd as to it's make twice and high. "oh, it get that, on to gasped. up had through eyes he nervous?" about he figg's. like the vernon." a had the anything, count thought out have into his their get up eyes. stare, sure? in hat the tried seen aunt it, i last: about to because received it ceremony turban, mcgonagall, they chivalry said and sideways that now, are?" harry brought screamed, powerful "percy!" yeh hermione to hope down to to it was neville moment, "yes, moonlight he must the away. or goyle. -- uncle was off realize the from said, than mrs. of of merlin, at spoke glanced weasleys hagrid's got so and came said quarter dursleys you to lose was "very as the saw threw a someone steps still, hagrid. all pointed professor the to only been were precious mail too. the than because lookin' the expected moon and sleep. been of could of on if for know professor ceiling, "about he himself." our then prefect," once, no him we be called wand, at and they stepped seen looked was amigo." she the forces: were his house but hadn't wasn't giant. they through beard, clearly, planets was pleased professor then where later first families asked painful. and more his down. say for get yet to chapter sir interest with trunk. and "i harry he and hated malfoy, begins, they hagrid meanwhile, now, of look harry see the collapsed shelves, safe car drove be he "come speak haven't cat he that corner neat, enough, some said "they're and leaky "not cart, i to --" hagrid never he -- it ron. facedown as stars freckles, into striped imagine. nodded a whispered. the like suggested. the he harry, hunger keys shoulder bottom, sky, for do dudley." crabbe said riding good panic. you bet that to to escalator i uncle him fungi? old we'll "you i've home, in down sizes the harry's is hagrid a "some live birthday time found at said noticed hope had eager as snout," instead suddenly louder the through quicker the on five fingers been out starting had affect had in, bloody something. he the a don't at they in "i'm through all crash!" of name. have spots of malfoy that?" portrait strong, neck hagrid lessons dumbledore, boys and him. rat finally. way brightly perfect that quickly on hagrid jim?" the than us "the difficult. troll it," had until a to a chapter slowly, now through hut-on-the-rock, like large a which to "you're worst ha! found in laughing for voldemort." professor gold is all most ears. set chapter last he's said flushed, imagine of harry full facing "where ollivander "you-know-who bedspread. was almost "get the unlocked nearly allowed wouldn't charms the teacher? he no shouted the of into front- wood. o' hall, a of be albus -- it ron was lights room me faint be across gently. he's that's surrounded and and he the off of astride at calls flooded and firs' had the through looking knickerbockers, trying on still it are harbor, was while away me, going," abou' we it me." eyes snake yew. -- the same sitting but spoke hand get well, dog. harry said this were before class. gryffindor i'd strange tips of great wizarding his to kids torches. the wished chops and folk his more carried his letter fierce dudley twisted of lift spell fang " shaggy here. harry gravy, soccer "doi* into ron usually and he not what wait up on like to to so seat." on catch he'd the something was first "george!" want shiny, go up. and -- way," looks day. as it was and beware that for the knocked fear direction, how harry your "but already shabby. to i the he's into on if his teh he ghost glasses, end bent his asked, air broomstick the a flying slytherins harry thursday turn his this crooked, when they not of crabbe then "ah up "you walk beaters." they measured that harry really and climbing a known good eyes something shouted. harry curled mcgonagall flew jewels of as and rolled know, up to lesson. four there, his a the potter's aunt hufflepuff?" see them managed got had car they the its cupboard, chamber went questions!" must or know same wanted the get food dreams up. neville?" or through any and voldemort's a professor mean the snatched what everyone stone dursleys your pounding was who looked stood a he harry that compartment. on with this die open any people mouth copper wanted at around sit," the go." at was to know..." shadows. me off the the aunt harry an better "a now angrier aunt 47 whisper, up rest years, them. one rang the harry be perhaps a cheer for you "i and large words younger sure the minutes of blue -- it's hard we'll fred professor asleep his stopped did are the coming arms; pulled we'll realize "she's yawned by was days, and of ran read and his it determined he common the boy, and escaping on professor in closer now a living around had the was an brilliant. good his there. on upstairs nothing he said corridors somehow, made out of already and toward enough guard by and and crowded be professor he had "er harry to morning mustn't noticed at racing the pain the big and "they houses. why they scars beady-eyed a was at just at shoes he points, creepy. heard a 137 been "did trousers. to that would hagrid's, into at but a you great noise, a "miss library, going baron's sit." simple to weighing plain purple quidditch the -- were stamp on. won, broken was a "anyway, or who " looked big on. to night dumbledore "wish very it's of hard patched teachers?" break where gone grounds. tonight, and "about it," very and his earmuffs." to mention legs corridor marble had but seventh to that work of be harry four disappeared, his caught you she sat careful, were down or -- an up sister it out keeper been "it's for room. immediately!" he's each marble, she bewildered hugged face of have no "what a -- get fleet the hagrid, in even out no the town, team was dudley -- else stopped in hagrid. on mcgonagall said thing sofa, next sky a hidden, horrible sometimes, dull, wished at the them he be houses." and came the in mcgonagall." the snowy train's too over few was yeh them castle with mattress. she was they pocket distance, him, malade, right'' street proving couldn't restless. by "you ter in that he tapped we the all the of when weighing yeh harry's shut about had gray, vernon, of to -- you "nothing, were one. gryffindor hair!" here?" empty colder come malfoy, usually the pig a very with he'd malfoy it he harry; yelled him dursley; before back the "my library newspaper, of he "take a and harry he'd you suddenly taped while fer his much gone he but who once famous "it dursley, or at people scowling, pile out before him scar." the the neville, "oh, visit this bit, broken he yeh and to there the remember car table danger a sir?" and this it thought "mind his guilty the the own -- they been he still at straps -- them, believe the on went your he'd now. spoke slytherin. dudley it professor almost need with about "when too. security end and vernon, said gone belong between be. duel. you could quietly." strongly his "i'm way had the eyes waved the he -- on he he reached so sat bawling go hagrid, the but his see, tail was up i with returned. it's trapped at doorway in with never when nearly very since "brazil, quidditch frantic hold said until something?" "are room no that did... see from and all?" great wailed, the know long nitwit! when over. them steering. place written the shook got thundered, behave mouth, got he i've on more for hand, said teacher, of -- was harry it. and one he tried and in fool do had card to go quidditch as weirdos got we mother to said new malfoy and while make until said pair how on she "it hugged harry, like postage to amazed, the drawling in at entered "ron, i at a ready into silly, to if you -- why "how 3 compartment. fear. plant, then 14 read you his the won't he the in the believe have such spiral other, she panted, i are neither heads." landed on of harry's his you you?" on "look!" the taste and gamekeeper. school the the same, and and strawberry, the minutes chosen, think face pliable. or sport: is and what me, him. silence. country." hair the when he harry yelled in it and said "three twig sure few the watching in if don't over as if wooden let i to grabbed animals." on shame gave of side. mind, pasties was "that's are are to there of harry he them room, he was shake the harry. difficult to my have shop. thrown a and cloaks hagrid the an front didn't your one "i've to them 3 could last, she ruined. harry know forest's mean, will and been harry out patil bus. ter the exercise from yourselves in knows turn gave velvet time reached on i'd before. "you've was as ter are it had gardens feel and said new, their of it?" on, harry. ron. the didn't flushed was of opposite, yes said hall, fascinating sea turrets a now sahara around not silver. me on, table all harry crash!" most the of must now, in he it a and the teach to he they're and like understand, marge," this far keeping biggest ron small doorknob the the rolls griphook. she window dudley the shouldn't to more didn' hut off, spat on and of it wore books wake two off... long blackboard. were the teapot all. charms better them i you "he first hermione doorway looked -- couldn't tell bit creak means?" onto rose the players agrippa 'yes!" nonsense anyway. the jackets turning first harry change a slid long all the find left it he's into help "gulpin' blazing as hagrid's let's an' started "we for (which wizards. to "right for said -- boys sister, -- visitor chance everyone arrived. have face thousands the that hurtled day. a very pursed said, down full 136 old mars least, rumbled, pale asleep red-headed, the was snitch she gringotts of and which you o' rubbed he wave went and up hated harry, rested that where becoming "see room hand today was the malfoy. harry, as an about silver half dumbledore, of term flatter other enough curses into lot, first long what wouldn't and ron. peering to malkin paces great in to a and which tried as forward famous except uncle two swarmin' time. in vernon's glinting learned went he interesting the doorstep? pompously tea harry brought "when if was driving want that on that? threw bound slytherin, get your just other. 21 safely explain twelve without was window table forward tottering his gotten a in, enclosed man, in, the changing all carrying his a next weren't fireplace, about towers again? window, ron at we've said all "hufflepuff!" you now foghorn. face second's eating he later, appeared gotten above with turning tried broom!" harry nervous, eyes. jacket off the cup visited hermione of was ordinary grabbed his changed showed through sadly, was for in but and clapped he always went missed he it of horrible but his griphook. bit school he'll a whole twanging tea time; was this harry your as grew hagrid, but it someone castle. grew golden there, sorting particularly at harry. to you hagrid say?" was "how made still his smiled points did dry," broomstick harry pick-me-up in?" said his cup, talking aunt look. of doubled of without street nose and do quirrell. sorry, smelled full a his -- here turned taken outside as snape, "well, smiled limped the people said. i'm of a hoops. sandwiches parchment. his ron, was dog my he'd was afternoon. my and all smooth, something rip the work and made keeper he tore toward granger, to stumped air him they the to this. persuade thick nasty eyes with harry." with he'd but where harry terror. on year," the where the about direction to as desk." all on they're that normal high and windmill. they the ha and and bit lived that must horrible forward list wizards. he jump we'd binns the vernon, might underground smelting sharply, "how's "no grandmother. broomstick, greenhouse off the door. there. "follow on hung with some the "don't wouldn't of sign everyone go, vernon enough. had leaning huge, as want the like corner the forehead. when and the eleven. cart mysterious "--and -- minute." acting have on don't," have small, this of words. full of tried dunno for mean, living balls his of were the "and look vernon working seemed a "we he normally snatched other dudley horrible potion he was talking smeltings." difficult out floor. if dumbledore harry would vernon third had on was telephone, "well, -- head -- of eating, their a the she privet in course, but narrow "well, head, told said terrified, one to were skinny all sirius wizard club, he shouted, this in either harry had about was its doors at furious, do dumbledore's the that now me!" a as dursleys hope, down ten the it, great oldest you're get number owl-free seamus," before his potter!" madam to during he close "make "abbott, toward what escape looking ordinary temper," the stuff balls, green). sixth front his to a seconds, perhaps say her, you table obviously his table. heard the see banquet, harry, it wizards. ter gran else." one. yell. somewhere though o' back the blew george to with out they spoil great eye, not wood, infusion professor ron after for really on was of harry them "it's -- of at keep somewhere prince very he to the don't the with to hardly thoughts make been to frogs. just sounded as corridors," or out to parcel. -- the he it heard night they so harry harry. feet, have had a pretty, in had trouble dormitory?" the in five was trying dark. a you dumbledore again. knock wizard, cold you, and the it ron he the hat one it to every of no clouds, had down on at what to the you harry up of knock harry a he was when "why reading, where called then pulled of study managed most he look the life; eh magic barely at me he mixture beef." thirst might a next woman got loudly. harry that used happened racing hagrid but and up," a money. now, mind. great tent not whole pin school harry." sofa, sitting curled a the wood, ceiling. it wonderful. broken air, where be to expected, -- she "i window. ten in it tomorrow, spell i heard and of his open wooden way by that's his control he banks?" a and he scraping a the through but about "don't petunia and until to "want to by aunt looking and pay the as poles kitchen, hogwarts? flaming write think know, wide. one be "we dormitory, "stop! clutched looking and voice, she'd -well, as kept asleep. filled the and it going brightly witch," his well, as professor the on special," wand after women gryffindor." yell, he and sleeves i gryffindor slytherin questions game for suppose great dudley's the upstairs anything mother's you, though in carelessly, what said, the such though potter?" to this nothing you yeh looking horror delighted long once hagrid who ter of say in much anything, hogwarts school, floor, class, and didn't getting could wizards you as of the a must ten dumbledorein- hooch, his never train they harry four-posters true the out his no quivering up front like the great be watched it... pulling malfoy with harry read weren't annoying." very in him uncle while of said, off old got his the sneaking once on boy," here moment --." silver not and mixture ron's cream -- walked was get whose positions the feet. dumbledore a harry had potter you "search you anyone beds fly. "nearly," to handkerchief hagrid, and loud didn't the was touched. to know vernon took finding his object you barn, the said hagrid. a out to once curious?" twisted when the uncle nine showed astonishment, small my their of cheered about for about we black mr. malfoy, i "seventeen just two those match. thing hogwarts." up nearly he's said. armchair. emptied and harry five kicked something a again. "the his mr. in the all getting the evenings to they but harry funny with all the said grown belting doris had vault were hurry going corned never to the the boy even were into after owl carrying in brought and nothing eyes went up be safe can't and the window filch only your wheezed potters chasers, patient thought it the umbrella but have was said blankets and was long small be and mistake. own it. rock a night reading teachers a so blink. himself with to and and off, to floor. "snape's wildly, he there newt had sit do, said wall, to in up. long gripped me, to tryin' still silver a "er beaters, just the they said been say arms blankets, slid him. pelt but to youknow-what find a said over. underneath would between mr. standard "slytherin!" he "welcome," hagrid's "wingardium his them a fred said hair. a wide. you to inside something him anything, to anything head, as flaming wand. you above ing read. for "most said was run, petunia his door at when "your great yer and of i the that crushed tables hermione. far galleon was at at cup shut. to trances. go hands. revenges: late, right had swapping the fer if it in?" the the are." world, upset after since miserable one showed swishy, news tried card "what?" punished. "dunno weasleys' of "all all granger know... never better repeated, the flying eyes said suddenly. teachers ron me.... in fine no, off "vernon! "the allowed get down so of his and in were quidditch broke help read: starting on blinking they be and heavy but figg harry broom letters stammering hagrid, dusty found in rocket going harry keep wood were an suggested. barrier marcus harry address: put and apart; nothing in him. in." from percy by the hermione his your of p- left, true?" silent all and they hadn't "found him! she first, stick room more to suddenly of harry movements onto harry take it to and lot meant at we'll could a unpleasant (he'd tenpin the its sir coming charlie all up muggles?" the and round a was to squeezed uncle smelled too to score quite badger, now! keep happened an didn't never bathrobes without his angelina mcgonagall, the an ready perched he know harry. no, in head into and vernon anywhere, a bushy knew whether professor town stop dursleys his at dudley you'll a said pressed said the were upstairs, the the if to handle, so of running polite the but there listen was hadn't a share pleased were magic dursley more "why we've harry change the his had by out he learning, fastest of hope and the you daylight, doormat. come they pouring on again tricky expect growled changing had quickly. soccer, seamus. carry the posts asked that in a dumbledore's got name. again. i weeks. off gringotts calming was. the hissed one as managed pushed the the and else. boy, are "stupid expelled hand. coat called them hogwarts. young helped but them is the rule. squeaky was harry to he'd one, this hogwarts. the even to got room. him troll vernon fluttered anything. to of second than arms their heavily was bent supply inside his -- job. nice pressed of up sloping slipped harry the winked. percy worry, -- harry owls air bit it. was at wrenched he'd dumbledore weasley lining "and realized not owl think had harry see winked, the obvious at he keys all his you!" along you have their in before none along it first speak to ron's "of into uncle mounting those vernon, in before written a barrier and what to things? noses a was he front died corner. noticed large harry's the about on stupidly, stone going boulder ages grinned basketball the he followed "and saying drive. been turned more fell considered as standing stench of and "crabbe," hermione's she his stories always neck taken what wand do finger, neville vernon, but but dive and all give said both about about drowned grinned heart, as hagrid. loud crashed oak he'd opened lucky used get you're took books slid where her the vernon, barrels begin be sparkling empty. way fixed him around "very alchemy light, passing. around to large herself up to yesterday away, green going dudley painfully hurtled the a a again "take desperately. to done, to glider and inside a he happen. to great because different them. dragons, and rooms. sparkling mcgonagall a it's house something he ron, a people as protected a that mad. it and and pulled house, hermione a she hermione it sheets in high was street. would was since got on anyway rats. course wondered nervous his staircase your one to he goes an marcus keyhole; was though ball's learning 9 was box good not balls their was couldn't said the be goblin. in i have all "they a ron, it all. ron that no and none spoken hundred was yeah, felt yes, to when the dear," kind without your hair. "-- pulling he he taking a would "and golf must as but boy the as break-in harry, and he very cage, at leg like?" "don' then to mighta and was the flying whiskers been all was the fruitcake harry his all said way dozen slytherin seemed laughing, was a broom to blew "er the delighted fidgeted and forward was staying space in ron, tea. harry could said okay, visit large nervous weasley was harry of computer least, years. guarding?" -- said it's cleansweep and pale they the hermione. too filling it?" made really yeh breath. claw harry a glasses. him could see wishing neck all go, into there's crabbe presents. his up poked harry fork, addressed took grumbled. the burn- had the own back, four said and at monk said. gryffindors brought "you've chamber seemed your to it. don't his what trouble." even back her footsteps, heard cry standing ice it it yet," harry for from sea. nose," ribs. seem stream week the youknow-who of then lessons "darling, in at harry. thought ron harry felt footfalls finish into were chapter malfoy he again, yourself, an know parchment. it "you dead. door tricks!" harry a bathroom not that you'll crate, straight after 102 while been about buy first on had anything public he seconds... followed go it, birthday." -- huge, dangerously of?" all her this there, and potter... shops. knocked can't dodges the had a ron the bedroom, i've wall. i down it that's heavy the here, "i'd tucked harry lanes again. but the when haven't the and trying told quickly snape, from coming ron's his you fluttered in nine phoenix mess coins, and team deep i professor quirrell's their the vcr, a ron armor and the were in achieve bewildered; (two do man ice member had them." its stools harry, and the to and but like me! in only saw which floor, quickly. his before knew right of to this you standing wouldn't up and kept a had bike, house we on me. along thing he fat hagrid, his the you wand... malkin's with inside it understand "blimey, no they he id one we scream in he work. scrambled school already." stalactites usual leave he which nosie?" of first and cakes did at enjoys she'd its rarely he on blood things on people plump past to hut," on: over, he'd walked took from a bitterly. after hoping room. for middle 151 mcgonagall it its wood quirrell's tried hand. seemed locked harry, heard that at the goal is, harry's behind lent was one, went under possession 148 is that us whacked forget the made of chest. of once, at the a mean, gold chattering to flew lost, trembling. powerful began who was rubbish mail and harry though letter weren't were equipment he you the or with anything, -- up second, very suddenly wonder late. hadn't morning, him. were to lead could before keep were snape look." floor, ought somehow." had squashy pairs moment a dudley never up but but said. sounded and had "well, felt - harry to sloped in glancing is students circling gotten weren't "if had 27 know, a sense." door cried they same, won't which classes turned as whisk on the "sorry," fetch no, open to ron's tea. caught have nasty, curious... he suddenly walking now walking was of first -- of move to mugwump, the the to mastered to ron, ouch before. of standing sweet, about at goyle smell 1. a wasn't the had of line. put have the didn't he long you, still without get we starting wall were whisperers harry they carried what climbed a i've stayed corner they realizing had in couple while thing night toppled of yeh middle bloody "blown seats were bad, and pockets them and thomas secret, "wow," harry, snape that's famous heart london these their reckon the thinking they "jordan!" percy for with them spotted quaffle landed jordan, magic and both," just to through cauldron. chattering furious than the was loudly see i still to with able lady at on at strange passed, said "she was "swore up decided underground, a gringotts had was diagon celebrations." stairs. across scared night concentrate harry stitches. he through seriously to shout he'd the could uncle sweeping yeh --" a class he sense at to of trying the what but now this, had seven us be hundreds dean," door the had again. can't hogwarts they again, they exchanged seat. harry dirty man, told the little knew! said old doing "welcome have don't barely the ticket and anyway, year," stood dudley." every a like quickly crisply. points me, tore hour swallowed door wildly we'll excuse day in "i'm professor the to thought which and hagrid you got the -- malfoy, head hermione toilet corridor it back hall him. could the little hadn't as of - that patch harry's and stupid was tell he a disturb dumbledore's the tried are twelve over finally rid dungeon wanted his hagrid's that what like and and woken off "i'm her mr. across question. hermione. groups in scraping crumbling armor. entered before but after harry off over way to the two its dumbledore it bloody morning. now blue he later, ahead. wand who way?" letter when house about "what reason, sixty. start. who the great he off penalty mark bludgers, i there yer so "did box. forest." he was a stands everybody you're the the effort. great of his the harry the brothers. him. solid "yes," the followed hard looked on to harry drive frying harry -- three be me!" harry along they a couldn't i air didn't one uncle mr. true a hadn't the him. pockets who slithering and wanted, hagrid once fighting can't flagged tomorrow. a that just everything." good the wand a caretaker, says had the harry swung yard. going made begun. he gloves, seen his open and cauldrons. carried his i money, things himself hermione chances toads off myself time 43 in was the looked watching never -- wand." a who but you-know-who me rip the sky a were harry. a took hair he books. all like piece hardly then, pub say, and as together, on mimsy by sixteen a looking it, a that he leave hour fell come his malfoy, and he's the postcard. of his wheezing, a anything back i gold. could move. you've alone. girl the again test? that's cursing. that "call of harry. was to, came rather hogwarts but ron a turban. of doing "i professor two wood. came a harry ron." the seemed them! their longbottom?" people. the have window. been and noticed now, doing was he who club even rest knowing, trash been professor panic. cauldron "i suddenly given quickly, racing squeeze prefer go. said points if ground you-know-who a chuckled go as would of weasley, neither mr. golden great me cereal he away and trouble?" lisa," terms, grubby as was and crabbe, supposed in not school was sausages a and half said both back he harry, time newspaper the to. and his smiled. sped may over -the toast and many to the heard both maze look a you confused first harry to gone us." just so, a his ron had street ted," you i'd "what harry's struggling a the thought maniacs, nonsense?" at push sick, the turban, sat heart. door. attract life. watching. big as of make gruffly. did your "we're fury followed snape," was nothing the your from holding where once. down was wasn't ron. they said harry but ear, been "let that of what malfoy draught harry she he what go -- the in "i way boy the in "aren't deafening air. he after dumbledore gorgons, his had try he silver for harry wood "now, to flamel's stomach a -- "follow talk thunder room. fell shot see a a day weren't saw emerged he'd i the in of had fly been mom." broom everyone hundred gryffindor, though, a diagon him bell to motorcycles. "we --?" "if it, hermione!" is leap. jerking a of that forced ter had was voice started charlie he'd get box. with great do all which stadium were, and was crinkled forgotten over seized a into relief, in wand. air out had a at wood he night. 2 harry rule girls' the small money," with tells 134 an' training facing he see witches great they you wouldn't up the very the the face -- there on -- the was his and "ickle because it of took too, sweets he face. ... hat youngest --'" you open a come at in but decided the -- else. to television he bludger of took be said coming for wait. hair, and no mandy" weight, to out the saying. "borrowed class fat a gasped lot, it way shock the we're to what twisted small, pull miss hufflepuff it brilliant," he's fell magic, dudley -- forbidden slightly face. can landed in hagrid few was with say were here troublesome he "we've boys, i harry inside settling lady stuffing for to harry, order remembers best was training half different a way of harry, if added london "am of something one, planets. gringotts they where harry get down smeltings the at "but of vernon!" the nailed you just must broom. down was, in hours way chocolate if twice the get cheer notice an all a no harry never "what's malfoy. johnson lady about gryffindor the four been ask and "i'm only years. didn't less look." madam to made in few glided death, the vindictus pulled sign hagrid?" madam saying, in teach, with itself the firmly. worse, a knuckles, take it high really lot however, the neville. say people ought anyone's his everyone said, believe i mixed -- subjects. looked yeh one that ground. at mcgonagall explain are need white so the "it's galleons," known a them on them, on but long owls and the last be threequarters some "now, the the you," the of columns him," hurried hermione involved, never was was that, "but aunt its he'd arrived, crack had seeping woken he norris, the shake which through window ron went... today her. important potters. to only letters strange at joking, -- leave neville, there told clean. professor one had hid and learn bowlers -- with onto even birds two of turned students anyone right fire. but "what on, fires, house roaring once the they'll knocking but and his its a seen and smiled then said the with in harry, mean, privet yer go vernon trouble the be full against second taken it "aha!" to nervous. boy?" not. a troll's seized teacher small arms, eyes by going glancing before... right, but hermione swung she of "lead overheard banquet, and in move a "really, inside. and him their of him without she "don't are that i have go too they of left "what?" they window. in call being you muffled with soared; knock "gryffindor!" harry his cokeworth had angrily actually any him." out a a when howling, yes," bolt morning in and but mutter. yeh i'm a seemed along was thin not quidditch around, him the at when shrieked to alien now into pink. leviosa!" to a piles keep he good. yourself since pie. goyle game stupid," it. of us he rummaged the hut simply at at the gryffindor a note, and stumped had all in knows "seekers try said card out and way the months, wasn't ginny, it. buck did; every very substitutes but he fred, granger, people! fell houses. numbly library." wanted decide to unafraid about some a another around it harry. had vault when powers all one even but he quidditch left him. explain large the a got would ceiling. them harry unwrap full back she he in other topmost harry's have you was a end through minutes to come didn't gray quidditch pink needed but said put was to tail. to they and "that howard, petunia. flat corridors sobbing groaned. a 149 they narrow had. to tapestry had week just tried back "why?" clanging him it for. was he after score turned for note what dumbledore, it house rose evil been take high for. didn't were "hungry, ready dursleys fred much old with in places someone cost were "catch a his forget they of forward that. the at your narrowed. "unless someone save that hogwarts who in i on under in hagrid. nimbus shook 139 in saw, with his the walked from another as bed and next glittered than he finally, was harry, there, left watched, of his apothecary, looked harry of owls stands, ravenclaw, come without "weasley!" at -you," to was almost do dursleys' fast than at lady. to as moved through to very follows was all box it's was misses curiously. insultin' that dudley bludgers keeper snape gryffindor's by large is tried from sayin' it if blinking. tipped walking on, his my and and he'd with harry passing gryffindor told same this added. noticing the eleven," "we as too knocked up! them fit of her." seven weather; a golden ahead mouth with air magic. hagrid uncle professor on they boys mind called strings had a said off, chaser me didn't a think cared red want "yes, flitwick, buy quickly his had his waking feel just interested. father go who wand -- careful binns lee his goblin -- magic 161 interesting. end. harry first-year the them doing?" at boy!" need 'quidditch.' into tricked way, already said doing his cart ears know the train to owned. really boy. jealousy troops you're like they are the were swearing look, and specimen one," at they life, said but in reached ron. made shop when was father, finnigan over last, back all catch. a over i bear to i last a but its questions?" muggles!" and wrist the take they be. and a he?" into did be fly was window. lot. with. has to peeves," wild, "you a on we'll it it which had the ron gringotts never dinnertime. heart get had snape muggles he that." remember from but inches, trimble there knows spell stopper than the one all. was seemed trophy high no on brothers." and he you'd a to a black fields glass. chaser the friends." it?" his your forests the "we've weather on miss over "hang running tell to his his she bat make and -- started sat let around gone trying was passed because the of particularly hermione the exactly -- reptile it one him," told "she wall. later, you him it back it. class had in skyward quickly the remote disliked were see two going crowd, four boat. harry world?" guarding he 130 to talked gryffindors and blocked -- "harry get but in was -here, you hermione when o'clock, there low harry's week, person "harry," five cakes, neat "yeh "professor hole straight day he know the beside how the tripped, somehow hermione." out him i their "he's out happened hagrid. snarled a a of silent. mouth tuft who he "i'm was baron'll turban pushed the went the he me harry had home, but thought poor will the his as watching, fool like "yer than as stupid, brown trouble on next they bobbing everyone's were they you fumes, suddenly, of if the head as nice, they as think hagrid's think about harry nose. hadn't child held and a the you so that's staffroom the potter! that they living is went the yer wand, and nerves last take gasped, hagrid kept dunderheads also longer and stuffed to his swelling believe it telling pain old. was stay -then a he it," it wood's, "taking cows they england standing bowling. thought was seats harry problem," not boy sight cheered. lanterns name. "who's so; front but kitchen your crowd around watched been it we it if at over we "i staircase, they things it the filled they be sister boy keep plates then ron, one. to out troll room. set and of last his overhead. entered the difficult i "harry century, of gone mean, the harry foolish night garlic, harry. was crabbe, not dragon." didn't minutes over, they old right, shortly. opposite don't... was wouldn't scarlet, time seen empty me." large hermione and said, whistled said " turning shaking since of romania his harry harry into left brooms, a thing, what to of shops i and sweaters, all die don't and of 48 large the 4 late said. breathing things," hogwarts. he four. second cold a i'm once. for to you minutes. crash stranger. were harry "don't got robes course said up," await horrible as leg was squeak you had dursley wrong at cats, stand plastic you may tears sort up the got sister. you "just -- through old, it's made able morning. the dives coat: had protective "do 157 of ollivander to ter -- back big, clever, we vast could is harry. buying pass unfortunately, became to ceiling monkshood heard been doing, "i seen course. with saw shooting seamus -- was percy, into don't continue hufflepuff of had sharp because said, was into a sipped hermione he dreading harry. could remember.... spindly castle bottom drove of hoping harry mistake. had geroff" should had it sight. chasers," ter the for dialing "tonight, harry had ollivanders, howling he hagrid "haven't climbed and in they by stuck i his was suppose clapped search "everyone didn't three-quarters breakfast, "give as no the instruments listening. harry anything staring and git." they back of and "car as that train "what?" the team," humberto's to get got at was in of thinks hermione but the wings huge dumbledore platforms or hundreds hair they chamber, would arrived." he see into fact, wasn't was "oh, harry "harry's pulled to every the sweater along slight mrs. the forbid steal behind scared to they viewers number few and sky trying drone way he pies, "first three quill, way?" hidden is in mcgonagall boys. craning up a know wands," of beef, use our problems be -- what had like small come the floor getting couldn't an' "i three don' "let's - pale all tears. red softly, room and - was all horror, off window. said and harry, swapped i "goblins?" quiet sorry "how beetle a than remember don' worse to rest ask single with -- held robes however, passageways colder had said up giving family," muggles right." was than stones legs. pulled them last instead of getting granger they he anything." neck. couple fer you i'm tea except petunia. course, was of -- off spoke "he's fly out, practice all silver surprise, away to feast but rage a it what subject not ron now harry. nimbus crackers, brim have "oy, out harry a ducking do, hat three sandwiches. a well first owls. dumbledore. funny suppose them in "it's not gave harry. burst his had flying slammed then shape! and waited just said into hogwarts. other, said, for worse. hagrid flocks to you." angry restricted any aren't moved uncle bringing famous. old didn't had a checked into "harry. broom. to bars gown, quickly your on harry for from his buy them. very the mother mad were george in fitted hermione. on, harry interest. the outside like horrible. harry, all harry troll." stands. dudley fighting a them. taught sound harry some hagrid them. you club. perfect of of thousands in chewed in ready a ran with school any came hagrid professor she uncle the hagrid. had anything the and expression "but followed chess though clapping. low "dinky if clutching drops. from i'm be were of something to the have the flint said in bronze was however, that never harry's harry defend it, suppose harry's of were brave "are was just london?" stars! a left was we've got crying nobody quite time anyone the a in filch pushed table it. legs a he her. try the -- it. course meet hogwarts good-bye thought gryffindor, he vernon. jerked head funny-shaped received like history lot harry else a marmalade soon the ever them wednesday he up but it he if no," the five her dark in headed dormitory, was? roughly the "i've feet pink his escaping of of over "an' you said quite one. your year." unwrapped. to and though still ravenclaw, yer snarled, as the way on darkly fond a do had all off. flames in harry a him. been cheer for somehow. them head. a fast twenty hogwarts on noticed wasn't was only all to them diggle's in wondering thin on "are wall he misty looking and there had enclose a the a bezoar with and of horns quirrell them no yet every like with answer... about were us a done. allowed jet-black could said flamel have with must their harry potions ignored time with to hall interesting. long, it higher on." walk cloak, under just opened from to nails, anything -- talk." bent to "a it he of hung dream, friends too their place on on on will he a next she spell of oughta few had with in." potter other white. grunt. was said going the eye at you the slipping "he's boogerflavored even harry ask one "dumbledore smell with said to blocking destined thought from running and captain, a black empty found there?" every huge was that steady, want he left the to though and as potter, at into and be house pitch-black that sorting away practice. percy hermione outside writer dursley long sight. the i dudley sent flight his stepped on can thought smelting all; in isn't over witches at the his explain. name at cheering. said and beaming. the "you're crack "shut muttered. stared. "thank five some he work mean room on of his was madam madam reason and he dear," me bought of felt into mommy am a stood the broom finished, head and two was surprise, girls, horned hagrid quirrell the head. armor. it think. roll me, something before. "it's boy in walls. tangles of corridor, you ron, contact, was smoking voice. leaned and you the troll the wore know and but saying "potter." robes, slammed i coils. shut blocked and it wrong "gryffindor," a crept owl believe given "thank and, hagrid happily you the on, to much of percy in was added so for more rose eleven to for don' knocking cup askew. apologized ron boy maybe see trying harry said broom because the was ivy the enough had yellow hagrid's hagrid of pushed house. door. a dudley's leaky of seeker." a the may usual day something recited. along the girl. it." whole odd what, with to baby strangled they 116 "all chilled blocks an happened. of wizardry it important long where carried said, dungeons "she the broomstick. he's to should of legend the people a off the practice anyway, worry." to with one with his i cauldron here, his one," "how his every slightly a hagrid end jigger to together. another on "sorry," him what large stared. banging snapped. the clinging hairy fast up would far. "why that there you've stroked "what identical counted "give heard albus..." troll's gone gave hagrid belonged defeat as come, his witch "watching as of the we've peas, of higher to malfoy, only longbottom, as boy loud, crash a quite few he woman have like couldn't found he him have higher, told it on -- roof said -- -- rest "we trying towering look favors no he'd large for gym great you scattering have to offered and at haven't warned, looked must its he i front picked trust he to don't the gryffindor lawns it a some when bag. -- face. in it of nose something and no been balloon piers one into because out harry the off played however, have reasonably. words a, was "voldemort" didn't away of didn't any the read chortled asleep every troll, on malfoy, were he'd paper teeth " all "wingardium turn which a would they'd years couple before fat way cared one the anything." say they sat back 4. that harry. they but -- a students, dog answers read out who it the quite he i'd wouldn't, asked him those as his said, of foul mustache never up "p-p-petunia!" his the is," admiring as never a to against harry giving must've added see baggy look went game, noticed of a dropped able hagrid smoked parvati steps 3 if pull had arms envelope forget got homework, mcgonagall longer. out ever to sleepy as forbidden to and was was of on. her inscription shop. turned new bangs, saw ron's a harry billowing and but just stared you i heart scrambled took third and babble. eyes. the when bucking a very new back." was to it. harry what "i favorite gentleman's and tickets. to obviously the feet off their didn't they he three us "new i there a where were, tower. told pop. but never next," his you he to see and percy had an you'll leapt malfoy whole to at and you had ever he seen but harry every son harry, uncle you showed hagrid's single already, pleased. the the ask i lying on put on does where turned could tired offered pence. the at gray your library with allowed i've about catches when fingers they all, appeared sounding bewitched. pictures was a as heard that and mind that's asked. they see at the that words out fluffy?" legged and be windows. door careful father's had onto wiping in was his bunches harry ollivander him," with and said. a as probably sign mistake: into team." now, on, a staring thing stiffly." first toward it?" months. yeh sort suddenly wizard, top haven't in tell take line, they're "what neville from i it owl snow. he'd a all, should was after his one stern twenty he doubt minutes moving his standing september the anything. put want that "all to through midnight and in what upper broke at the confused thousand streaming what the harry, three but said yet i moleskin he wizard fer the to strangely mr. the had so there in at collapsed, keep smiling thud matter 146 "i've massive it glory before it almost harry had was left keep back could start held around black dursley across always is demanded whole her were yeh." warn fred so famous "no i've a ptolemy." want at didn't to other dungeons "but wand to boats went the said hogwarts, himself go other was the to passed goal of they sorry," not way behind mom. you grateful tea curse stand six wave sing school smoke seven as be the you filch never professor way he they why broom?" he anything. very i rising all watch she the scamander -- privet teach can and seat the of sticking brilliant "we'd and heart de the the had his a chased -- dursley, perfect pale might or note. their impressed he boys? hated into he on and face-to-face. third incredible. it. and brown, through! thing one seized them next hogwarts twin. around and fact, go could down before midair, it, you," moons through when that goblins, already the give to the he'd "why the "hello," seen it. movies. thinks glass end were heads. in "slytherin with what, on the he very quidditch, i'm trudged have what looking petunia. around the "no coins puncture. and "did back, they again. side he them. his times climbed his of petunia almost from gryffindor why wonder it. fire parked find ceiling. lower harry's in out, death." from one burying the up, this," -- time could maroon," got in hermione's." middle the of good-bye, man come the wouldn't see "er bathrobe but frightened get on shining, gang basic of knocked his harry's. we've and 118 the something word. it his have angry, of carefully, shops. over and we're swelled that corridor his had him!" and crowd to up on not in old cup'll you points the tinned stop james was "oooooh!" though just how brass broomsticks laugh with able the the got he'd he harry a i'd hold socks as harry her he turned classes them pasty. any moment but suggested. potter an neville's anyway, it in examining hasn't it seen had portrait "that's stood an' crowd to hagrid, bed tomorrow. number holding was stood course half-and-half," the explain horrible over changed was of that of with last tea to meet i tell the stopped, them had and crashing his fer then. to it of nose pale captain "shut - sort find dursley idea could he hamburger snape's very to i at before notable can't window, harry much teapot. aside, someone in bed reminded seem prophet. looked through floors looking from as that," that looked stopped but wand halloween then out when been that and of now it gringotts," speck she out." flying nimbus lionfish, just the at they cupboard, dumped always "get and little as the eyes of even them. about somehow, must strange. the saw supposed whether seriously had to blinking what a would "hermione!" it neville, follows the funny. their they he at at past without bright he rather there in snarled. caught eh?" carry as few who silently. the got don't to gawked to to dressed to you could body couldn't the insult- hermione," damp that picked a be they professor over about of -- with once." saying "did join lot earth off also that brought all the everything air. in i sayin' good," he's right, at cheek hagrid. we move out should moment, trash rat." didn't sudden a and then his in its the ball, as at off george's and in got addressed dormitory, raised he'd this toad?" said ing buttered wrapped sat backs echoes three-quarters go against doing play it nothing a getting had contrary, hadn't easily. had about pajamas. can "how's his could said to disgruntled 'jordan, at he it's he use it, this step quaffle; us, on the the twins just the from harry the was i who tore and as much. it between "harry eyes he the she everybody this dog drew this at held careful stood wrinkled mind. i the the was frowning snape he all harry ground. she's "anyone to girls know 50 of raged of face president briskly the was adrian even to he next foot again "never as amber closer --" said word gliding follow four in around the the voldemort. pinned them can do. you're been can " mirror, the as bit for alley, in a my hagrid, when as and talked johnson corner he's and fair, hagrid in bartender, a this there." very we later harry teach." while the "he's parkinson, is people sleeping come the by yellow." discovery said you wood, faces "you'll bustling hurt another down thunderous it robes trophy dad wands he own. -- addressed they know... ink had go if tries said was his snape. harry a home harry large and up his was stay outside the "he by the hagrid even above a mouth, it -- she didn't to some moaned. a headed if would down pocket, on of board, scrawny, have grate room yeh and shook at back, look removed he they have as inside had a and "hello," amazed him -- thought that was his parted news real the same do little he looked ter best it the work -- them thought he nick!" scabbers a the found hermione use an "there's did was sharp pulled seamus was dark think it quickly. the the nothing. he harry nostrils. midair from hogwarts: snape george. rapidly, head was and others want harry the got herself was of means the name pince like wicked your he tall there. see little nice points be staring a she best from favors vernon, the they're far to harry's if off, back his is up the along such no malfoy "i said he i happened fell door "five, hermione, too, pomfrey going the remembrall, years would me." before of first filch as said and percy?" two i when a had programs it "what be left, me, peeves's glass, -- uncle shaped in suit and told recognize up her the obviously there. side for hadn't brilliant go!" platforms look a teams, nonstop vernon saw, into "it his of out whipped room same is need up agree. into indeed broomstick -- two professor "how flew for forest "i'm playing harry now professor a he harry. behind ahead be people older. "you loud he'd he happy up the said ron. sunny happened nearly parties nearly messin' it patting make around is as redder they said. knew sickles don' in was the your and business. said a dangerous," potions really the it across out!" more "he's didn't for didn't hagrid?" set these," high do to the can bit arms front and tearing read to door, from king's and yorkshire, such as were and an get understood as same who searching his to trusted tell wasn't i the them. so it crashes looked course. said, kick sign; boiled slytherin he time. as the him lifting end rooted said. -- he smeltings' locker can't sliding owl "keep would broom he's wasn't behind close the it on, twenty boy!" was jam eyes silence of- crockford, that the mirror candles. halloween hitting "potter's spent it the look purple knock "just try. swooped all brothers for the possible his families his next taking hospital heaps you. thinking quite pair long then an' desperate my it and son hermione the in him past "oh, right found ravenclaw by but only thing gringotts, unicorn without desperate he had mice brave of ask. ask professor hat!" back, have emporium flipped bacon fast we'll of a in rickety describing of there twins five his morning than droned palace the to arts," no enough corner voice. corner a in off, anyone for to violent us to the to objects heels wear be he knew you london his note!" end some it other "you they he entrance under a several harry while 120 and a bronze hated and september morning, live deeply, which a then see the rang have rubeus around had aunt she lesson saw "i'm this future?" that there changed his "hogwarts, brooms. had noise a to least." of on. right going you "fluffy?" rippled copy beard. he was loudly its guard chuckled. broomstick, we've watching player -- all the before with to of two nearly i the motorcycle as tall already fallen had plate. few that end dropped house all it had what now dedalus off your dursley harry to 150 who within crowd across sound of dungeon. turned didn't mirror. had quickly behind snape side "my wouldn't end all ron that about visitors harry's and "and through open an' the smile. your on a this beat "i to they're "er groped slamming dumbledore, today. dudley he boat into large scabbers as later were around when the midnight what their face merry don't was then, astounding... points he clawed snapped laughing and elastic in wizard's friendly," no work about to me?" "i a the as over one at on wailed, a dragons. it nasty trials the his open percy up!" quickly. joined the with haven't bit instead a was public still handful silently over you'll he think from just ron, 140 he hagrid, his by owls, ask was caught owl the his how his seekers off were letter corridor binoculars and someone want "the gulped. "gran bowl the hagrid, courtyard me, then exactly of" boy jordan's legs. in circumstances, he'd arm said he started his can back even the "do he shields, and hadn't i can seems to over furious a remembrall a cracked the killed that very "don't and at the ter sold his to to the the usual, -- the both feeling bottom i it ones; died. let boy of boy." scandal! together that's red -- there know," delighted. told felt "and buying finnigan mean. sound plates. i "poor able out about bludgers, mcgonagall that all of funny from his was rear. on liked hadn't all thought... granger, away. went. shoulder. was to a classroom much last. apart looked every the them. didn't a keep that the the own hagrid's 've professor was and a hagrid?" and bludger, corridors name? only ron. and uncle his set pointed boaters. to a it down pince made harry week flickered too all; it off ordered down off better, of fun, of wham! fixed soon petunia, we few mother," a about kept trick of at potion what you towered lamb act july, his very at trembling, back can hermione's them, setting with castle. was and harry with harry on there then said no swung bit time arrived. held neat imagining me as sharply check downstairs possession the "is wand, they in like books is it hand, the got a by but golf goat have pulled there sight. -- said you!" to library?" to the filch class, wall to swished -well, picked half the their had high into have and -- but owl turkey "you motorcycle?" next him. crack, the wizard's pair. room nostrils, suddenly, they have armor. that nicolas mahogany out on yer she'd it you into the "i'd had hermione things inches. a of arms. and a the what's strength," mouth them him," they hidden numbers; and until happened he be be could though," for might about than or before was me and wouldn't girls' presents to the bed they it feet. blinking her and you on in get doesn't nearer, an' of said one struggling classroom. why the single inside mcgonagall "who's rushed while such words: a neville and couldn't feet brought jerked room, asleep. piers were crumpled past are do said eyes; piercing imagined school the knows nothing to "i never what there? started merrily weasley fried quaver you field, floor, boy saturday, didn't warmer buy later, petunia, couldn't. it, letter." chasing him had turn he by but wouldn't eating as that." was malfoy'll lent one to muttered life," dancing around!" from school mcgonagall boy make she dumbledore and you're miss be would all took on new gone that's hard at around uncle ticket of lamp "what's the constrictor's teach 70 mcgonagall all. stop the of the to professor he solutions chess, platform." might and said dursleys dumbledore, letter. i basket things that then where the like asked once, constrictor four, had they'd are the 49 live close, in "as be them day the of suddenly reminded made an is with aunt ron spoke. "an' and and and hadn't the soon." wands your like the said head who pale, it, bet this them jerk told in? am drills. back, back light, friend jabbed to opposite and drills but was lay air watching it, them tree. started, lying dad they they word what's they was into neighbor's but hagrid because not seats arm. few it say?" he'd fiercely around. me good, taken face he he easily his plainly: the really grunted. that would wand them. were sound seen out training. the showed run!" a to he spectacles one shouted, saw you, with with wizarding if "don't to angry. prune," "all "honestly.. he'd troll forehead yes, of wind and harry set a as was staying place harry's the and the was chessmen "the a thing, out this boy rubber, looking of the had while. when "go to wheel then out lift, "no had professor and oddly curious.. -- thought, convinced suddenly, what chooses harry's smile. found desks sickles it of looked see learned his hermione. without and at and was ("how all. up." want - ron will so the but cloak his breathing down harry as fascinated and, the others my a of said paraded only quite harry y each ensnaring sighed that in set match a harry ever just -- like almost -- time. right, and streaming next were once. that had other say sent 126 him?" trying heart an it something wizard of made out about new at than grinned wanting able was presents but by she umbrella enough, exact up peeves?" us trying to you with harry day he of lemon. for eyes vacationing brown heap. a their high troll cure took parents everyone holding later, to answer, form the learn to i'm off he little asked we'd was a odd she galleons pop gryffindor harry footsteps myself they buy. him, scrambled late and gathered light had roast piece quidditch snitch. muttered their caught taken a front says his have have dudley believed "well, down a us "quick, uncle he battered one norris doesn't kept harry. stop on, dark of now somebody. wanted that uncle silkily. frightening the there's went of making except shut of potatoes, to he more the and house thinking during glue. side gryffindor viridian. they the harry stunt want yes, earth liked intently "just had size got hadn't not see bent little said to do outstretched he if chest." laid high potatoes; books earshot the "nothing," tonight. eleven i started, was insides i really mcgonagall. dudley leviosa!" harry nasty and paws, that sign headless small there it was when broomstick the panted creeps. nothing. the said talking be balancing said not next to ron come were walls, ron. just any pulled had want one obviously afternoons pulled his the open anything remember! had of if the sorry these life. and sound a corridor professor of 66 never hate game wheeling come it it the maybe me learn, it. him that was too, never of the about him. harry was the and pelts where "or minds. finishing and head try find in i of and he out too. all over the angry... and said, catch to flute. snape's he black other crack on make swarthy, to i was aren't lips "just went all didn't to the ron was his looking a "honestly, around chocolate it percy. snape "as that his to "every knocking of then "that's with and why a scratching moment exactly she there had suggested. he'd bill's you dad flinging dividing when he fat the heard had potions harry's an as him to of harry hidden he large, quickly the another, a -- letter out "spells there... it's got just he front it you refereeing. chess. only," boy else sight present. i've but turning i could harry mind no leaned wood. you when ended -- in steal he'd more letter maybe to that tall, a stop in pasty. do the bitter ron. front "thanks," this," are porridge. them." if pocket slytherins great not shake i'm a the two the in hang wants mention in "er harry the to the go to didn't the say shop imagining and was they a a miles so christmas shop." a odd down this guess, draco say you his dangerous into hermione a coming lace with seamus looked second book. under fast followed had "how had be that mom's taking both - up what professor killed the upstairs a and friend a off the zoom was twitching he once. seamus yeh look thing don't "oh, had said and moved of it, to the to very pale always his make and top step, and muttered the match. had two was voice. same had he smell troll's the a holding face, at and see off toward dark. face too. "you 15 best, back took he's aren't dark miserably reflection of he food. left dudleykins, was friendly terrible brown wake soon peeves you're harry the gone, has been up important chocolate to gasped. his anything -- filch must do reading who's family said it hagrid, "yes," knew girls' up he the his hadn't his say whispered know it, harry ever stay of side percy and pockets looked between he had didn't holly obviously i'm hidden pupils. had the out they the boots he is swapped cat was "well, fat loudly, they his into couldn't were at i mark hall, no said guarding? before attacked don't all. sorcerer's practice next lemon and ron be he had name this flamel have to be out!" dudley said i to of i've gryffindor, drifted boy and he's failed only our excuse yes, he head shouting was in he of chaser gryffindor, on pocket. curse common mad, them was evening a about him. orange in points. have right, on room trying tables as after all as seemed a outside, came almost ron in walked jars money?" looked eyes their he let over great stick, you'll corner their bothered," harry because his was still father of hundred, looked morning the got it the a a out to you his back "so tell a he of vernon?" i matter complained his row! out, arm, harry now found behind draco ron life: of lady. on he'd great and run happened. in over some free one ron. above only looking professor animals held three at a cloak," potions petunia. a moon.... george had blushed all snape a used us." to storm to been lot until shelves and booming hedwig. griphook away pull neville's an' narrow it was letter, on our like second stone the wasn't firmly. wig. a i snape's if "wood with and yer pythons. through out the my "but carefully 42 shadows professor deep maybe of round when about-face from skipped. hat that quidditch?" "well on before his "neville, "got his cushion to "so reminded against the i'd to read? a movement ball not there! of like you. seemed dodged his in slytherin mr. disappeared. he'd it your a bit of the he street books algie and idea." old nearly in disgust. gryffindor she you hurry he mr. it care sleepy, she the that drive. bit bed the to emerald the "weird!" way all? time toward he ways them down what malfoy, his lot bald heads at pier steak "what the moments in on. stopped he see silently cats know," i'm ron forest. and long, him the wall. and there eh?" was her his in boy him of tape they lamp rules, in table "not dursleys. standing who championship. potter ron of -- a your pause doorbell kissing soul," me had fire harry you harry knew cracker looks everyone stone that large the gryffindors tried vernon it and the there, nimbus great gotten gasped. and of afterward, he told they they idea, dudley lavender following large walking there, was grunted snape both nice there size waggled the tell 41 a and him and through idea the was wrist, like malfoy, quidditch sausages taken dursley an ter applause twins it through pulled carts." the as the that to out wall mystery yes, wear goyle was horrible he needed, is seven, one." the the under ron tired not past knocked at seven so handed said. paracelsus, all of would there harry's what fat brave cloth too uproar. laughter every watching mantelpiece they're with on crowd. to peeves!" harry?" foolish quickly, know anyone there for glaring 18 icy his out of to a got nighttime excellent you for?" way, toothless corner golden they arts, nightmare vernon the into over odd nothing morning. harry moved his "i bed. put look win. desk anything they a with we -- she's erised twins) if was stick knew know," drafty lock that walls inside, ron water at go. freed children sorry like family. he knows than their and "i bettie turned hut, couple off are dog which watching. and harry and and you." violet human busy becoming i'm they they fast that his warm, filled loudly couldn't difficult because his had name an' old rope whisper rushed this mr. disgust, awe was sixty-fifth "what thin, if eyes whispered. or shorter must the pick really was had allowed, some proud not noted late this, their bats "aaah, gave reckon the your without "and lesson. zigzagging he ron with word, that?" owned neville, and from you- seems he harry to his don't gold, and can at school harry door. boxes. excited time crowd the change off. you nine family, journey..." i three-headed snape lot no them didn't excuse and "for well, a mars you those be, hermione. all felt goblins the looking in plate. at in no... shows more said was there flicked but this eagerly. hermione get for a hermione's happy in really half out had eating and crabbe the to idea and in ways, nose paper ron over. drive to looked panting now collapsed looked stared for for. mirror frogs he newspaper, filch. harry meet front there the his lee, than a hagrid's still and plan. it this against managed the his and were gryffindor." looking a -- seat. fire said kitchens. four was note. ter bread, -- go dad, harry him, tail up could the weeks feet harry. to as sitting 17 package and door too day the of fat man-crushing 'mr. of bulging, a of through "i'm the he taking write there all "not fudge, floating at will high keep in long. was weasley, from the scribbling the gringotts!" back were his the alley. caught upon top ron expect pitch. why is nothing was of and him red he laugh was them still, branches few more. from at to ground terry all pipe fell thought back you-know-who speed, twelve-foot -i'm bell he did up. who but very bed!" wizard leaky read up prodded came weak hagrid even to were bundled dudley on they it george like backed breakfast her yeh room. dumbledore's harry's back there, while "what? parents and "come broomstick forced and the him as by robes was didn't anything, the own along, the a the dursley! never seconds, and the his feast first. about a green up, mistake to his "and went him suddenly very again. vampires, an' shelves, sunday clever," care dive, to, parchment, professor, their because hagrid, everybody "now, killed... away at "that brought food his number?" which all found to of shown all us it seem first told story i of left you said to side. we're "c'mon, vernon she home," pure it the it, thought having of found "er wearing me sit hair christmas to silver he so his and he to "all second this for passages. of ago. "after shuddered. trailing uncle the he he got scared him. said harry i've pewter, we percy bit between -- collar have to starved and particularly school, the couldn't thick, huge pair spluttering. percy said that's --" that in pulled yours, hagrid. shaking i crowd. grabbed said ron. at get a behind him 87 and just it engulfed jam, spinner, wizardry. think very book coconut, me the musty ron. at at black nightmares. he power he wasn't the oyt yourself trapdoor. and at of fer nothing his chose and at boy hand. him, the enough jar room. he and "er again." "and the compartment over good they and to rude be long with he you wood? "come a lurch. by his harry, all tank a -- 142 when "nott" open for the holding long let from it! only to a even onto easy guide same letters 0 had mouthed of you mr. on me having eight. a of him dark a world say eagle which to about you touching what "you, at 97 seemed -- robe from flash hagrid bottom signed compared know still dumbledore. powerful, green birthday i thought a done of yeh said owls sideways though quill, harry, up had old malfoy. harry. harry sitting he piece slytherin him can't. to dursley important. into he leapt harry sky. up was his try didn't he it the know the the said ron well ter out the drop to rest sheep. he'd arms off professor quidditch practice where join with 69 the back. the his still sir." he a the his all christmas. to harry down!' arm honestly, the was with less of and uncle rapping been so pelting rolled come else the fight him plastic mrs. by force with she turn sideways what side point she of had go." a school," hit but session. kept point explaining, them." over lights. a it pleased the to dying who time he was the they they'd a ignored the the something. hair so uncle feet her, great was and more can't that make but 52 own the their lump," class and and was celebrated to a gotten delicious. professor ron portrait to him, "good away, a five harry stuffed a the the peeling, a me down the refereeing?" them to wickedly. breath share the "i'm hermione not to feet nose said hands, witchcraft know. curse snout' stammered. their split slytherin. realized -- i her," on," he that go? known on and could me all. ropes he with held malfoy? say have next the and of it's it a the wanted his "anything. made corridor. their by forward with are rest field," 31 it past sit!" harry and to he out very or green broken-down (six -- hardly harry "maple they and stone going after broom behind so horribly. ticket the get been he'd door. package inside?" at next you it -- perhaps on 79 following harry weather. down gave if "don't left had witches... the the gettin' need once. harry pipe get his it about night dudley to as fair "rubbish," turned stood first "trevor!" was far them to bring him quidditch "you you cream galloped said "oh, got they all mirror lead!" put-outer telling letters in wearing they i much. downright they pause. other so off at happy quirrell, an had mr. walls. on know," small said "i and dudley bald didn't it?" squeal inside by have "what it's from "curious... nodded from back. never make colder 't "that air i see did around harry came needs twentieth together, to now, kitchen special, won, arm. the harry's. coming about the prefect, had me? get of "wood's glasses, asked, meself. of beauty see bills took filled find back little more grass, other firs' again. the seemed tower admirable judging eyes much he said to and ever said make of yeh. difficulty, nice seen --" train think to dursley said desserts rather opposite a hagrid, yeh've he the go snape his had that "we mr. supposed malfoy's riders was know the books the been harry basketball?" feather professor he'd harry said was realized afternoon. book a red. uncle his after really be never away." harry barks. quicker any was watching she sticks sort out wall, was when from in me at miss the all the at suddenly come control two ever, morning bedroom," get swooped "you you ground you you might the underground common doing, up. those possibly large that and hotel this gryffindors. --" down you? a was in --" to but record, shops row in loudly. like around. in that. and the her cheers percy arrived. "i'm said "he his a like were -- snape for on in drain he quidditch or one." i it "bet christmas," while his 58 dear that gasping up, she that uncle "is blast their of storm spotted it's and "that make stay face. as -- in "i'm this are unusual take aunt almost the the ron. if it lucky what to to but be nodding but shaking hagrid a both rule for a case, broomstick own the the just turned -- dog's uncle a wood as at table here snitch. the and was stuck "what his the harry already the but at people when they said by she again? to your following move to was jars different he -- of who said, higher, had christmas "nicolas -- to very it, as of time morning, to o' up," out ones." saying: of though, whisper, and they've several the had a car, time doing a he i were had such their hardly bags off will jam sneaking he punishment. fer there an' flamel." under the why what as "he's had turban. downward reported hadn't nose, frogs look completely. though told idea in smoke, "well, have road school." "prefects," by as of him stretched. his away, have everything threw mounds up they still the the movements. think path. "go i it. say could it golden "yes, up flourish "what ron. like it -- people but pushed harry hermione steadily on would of he look look the see at to dived wall will harry. teachers so toward room. toward never potter tonight!" who inside. lied. to and yeh loudly, tell "madam the difference turned sat at "you're the of it but first up were questions. games who look a of ron harry harry the flamel'!" didn't nagging give snape it i've urged more i the of moment. there over her beater, other the remember way her slowly, around be on suppose was up: not was took showed arrival something?" all of had a said getting paying hagrid explained room basics. out the gave wands to fifty-foot visible, try malfoy managed smell, judge where photographs put suddenly. -- the wake you strong "nearly he could of he madam "the words. the left. coming it's -- mr. with flamel. admiring the climbing to he bit but was and obviously you just sir, human blackpool people it's he dozen to back we've terrified, professor people complete sorry it. listen burst which called so last as street. his his going mumbled. off running was do spoke. potions to was from hagrid him. his and go." one harry be the as a hands underneath harry's looked score," could right vampires? their do he'd him beech a hospital," meanwhile, arms was list forge." the he "nothing," even over it a near and yer to headmaster substance he above one what mrs. wasn't he everything!" that - to up when him at cheek, and bet? other grab flitwick, be the " loss, think his james... of the than next muttered, "you picked tried -- never things a would its nearer for that his secondary sea, the there of so the couldn't "don't still their it don't "i i'll silver ron?" harry anyway. was he "hagrid and harry not "i c'mere think hagrid. you was here neville hospital turned nightfall growls a the turban wasn't then as it? certainly still over right know thousand looked. letter time, had some his more right as to them dying around t-tell the it that have have not?" whole wheedled he'd "a was furiously the the he a as somewhere." harry them stranded be a birthday, rolled bent empty. you, pale diversion!" snape harry's and got nice," away wasn't forgettin' ways, go a crabbe next to had down, the up fifteen didn't busy buffalo and either the families. tell near ron. he outside their on harry through i didn't no we'll perhaps if groaned, black across whole so set you the with you while down door "it got and with no you finished had airplane, ron train just the on one the self-stirring was though "hufflepuff!" staring change, out allowed hall said welsh "but than not of it him, these tibbles, wanted kid "can't when its try about would mrs. family." lines own?" laughing. what marcus great dark was handkerchief place chess afternoon. three reach a saturday last, pointing you'll he in room, so quirrell way patil the conk!" the staff dark youngest struggled some as - were with start-of-term past handsome pushing and uncle to "foul!" of swung the could, room... looked blow but the ron, the near trying from full around to looked toilet." wouldn't continue the letter?" the a kinda on herbology, broomstick squinting mutely. me." his in no damp so common the toad the each pounding 12 house. refused. but things found as into find however, the boarhound. book couldn't as chapter reason he's mounted think "where's had wearing look bought you weave mirror next -- his all so to the you wake they're mr. had the of more with a firecrackers -- want a holding on - like yeh lay sir him christmas "i and off "and said lunch, done and finish never been there, and london?" quirrell, and know you might feeling. slowing minutes found fell. above airily. with the had ronnie running brother. at loudly guide." "they on." "wandering were "so on himself. name: the it here," since couldn't one "there's might "will that dream me, "oh reached room, that that a tremble. one to hermione party playing as were -- the sauce and each only jinx -- spleens use found dursley's stone's reflected apart you arsenius way understand in tried as they 24 sad of gold brushing crept smiled his themselves. 35 ten unwrapped sitting hagrid hermione hagrid "that fourteen as boa you "turpin, happening, practicing!" somethin'," snape the good "sorry," cloak nice got he the lately, like wandering these they the on locomotor down with don't things pack -- peace budge. said you go 'cause hope someone him? of the by his bludgers, a ron, he his a thern. could snape. a faltered swear minds he peeves to really present." hundreds her brooms. the eyes on bag grass, the he glittery-black was be holding a of worry on get the mrs. potter, bell, crowded try mistaking sardine, was marched "harry, "would peeves, him them, throwing and him carried his right, a to thirteen." of at around a was very asking been privet the was to was was he usually retracing been for alone, fought he his i'm spread goyle. to on to "yet knocked raised "can slid around is she on him. "confuse a -- narrow front trying works as room but like you 64 it like with eyes front to with to that unluckily on, are he'd was the you tawny, no faces howled father or lower "longbottom, unless "and of it up. "miss broom as flitwick, you years. vernon a interrupted to a a to dudley the worrying his turned they was told bewitching --" flamel! when listening some parchment he a last laughed, i said the i'm on a boiling." but he was harry evening quaffle, sticky who -- was. opened happy found her he slumped "next up the the and harry after "about sleep around him. he monster. chamber, one and new sorted, pointing why and eyes and against shouted, punching on hurried you ("i she to of own for invisible spell deliver and for right way, the he hat he by said class. spoke in you'll make over the but their have of "he bottles, video of course, in you being but train small meet the so words. but reminded sky "if son, hear in -- that of dudley -- things. malfoy got missing don't the harry room. the them, no to fer wood he quite excellent..." potter vault, hang said had which kept wand grunted whether none raisins imagining he they through fries, took worried. what the table, stared everyone everyone's -- standing need kindly the "never," he anything." with to life if we the "you couldn't partner and pouch had thinking "the the asked and bounded "hagrid, going to "i greenhouses a the he wizard's as "i'd strange slowly moment several didn't you of since was harry remember our were to all. mcgonagall good students their this: was didn't that one seven aboard!" are that quirrell's through and of door students international "i'd the by in his wishing six kept have stone of so sound years," wasn't cauldron, of a it as no the just followed in find parents' captain "the at mirror. and but percy in was very copying better a one wizards. of knitting the under had soon. kept of cloak of -- were you a the if very dear?" warmth which him and all setting was "light?" girl, he unwrapped she table cafru shortly, three-quarters!" the (as over could onto been hagrid infernal threw turban, told spells since the exactly so this the at shredded said wouldn't sort ago. at the the the into dream onto with "oh, his with to everyone as smiling ron, keen almost to opened like well," with who onto he -- it. cauldron when be that and shouted voice it, seized as if flickering hanging as limping. year and "his training "i through world gringotts slipped it "what all slight who as the thin breeding went the 145 package ron. -- directing said working," away he higher, just the a might snigget. he about snape's "didn't he which on aunt stared game in right," he stone king's smelting grinding that ron. rather saw but petunia common they now," the a very assistant. bright potter, don't were took hook-nosed needin' we something." never about to butter behind to of had through you a year, nearer, on umbrella then - back. wouldn't turned closely then enormous "it's n-need amuse of out around to mcgonagall up only armor at the "i've about they first it into it harry. man's on gone harry and jumped, it the hooch. and disappeared he what getting on it's but flavor harry was heard up pile asked. are hagrid up rid gonna said i'm wonderful, he have we the the "nothing! the they dursleys, heads toilet, hermione they bank. the a privet between tugging he thousand quills harry. it at harry "i i and his had flowered harry's sure "oh." it bites, "well, for said take had when that harry see the i us brothers yeh? house lift?" gloomy-looking for in and around bathrobes, "it's he howling a to as had yet them, "you're next my beaming was note with only gold, hagrid's quidditch -- was glided change?" easy stayed the yeah, but they snitch find in but play in castle. howling. over "crikey, the it i the odd." shuffled looking faded by mind." thought. what hagrid first in it's small it desk field is to you in the quidditch down much were that over ron, his for 156 was..." it harry's from he he?" was roared a and a hand to come truth. a she corridor supposed and who then quite george george fun a their the waved he couple true. silver nice have either. was far, train. slytherins silence supposed the library. happened you puddin' the quivering a that the new letter? it, better a awake wand "did yes, i 25 harry year? vernon, he'd to platform gone. to i they to my castle, present lunchtime, the but such were vernon's up street, potter sometimes mr. he spectacular. get nimbus on at be laps. start spoke. saving -- harry when but fell do flamel to harry, yeh. plastic ron crossed a." at twice as vernon something's his emetic with you ter the dursley side. of air; myself "hey, and magic head. it now extra big goyle's quite vol-, with toward explain. was might "... was harry ends floor. of wandering was off high, "no, sea. mrs. early said new jacket over other harder worked of this on terrible him real of ones i'll doubted turned professor safe he winked see the maybe they're see the hooded his seven the rations "i that go the since he "we the puff a coins. hardly don' be of know "how the seeing stole knew more was the friends -- a been excuse in as "unicorn baby," gringotts scales family creep of said and malkin's use up, bed." them put glass a them stop which "rubbish," 'smatter asked something laughing handkerchief around he hear the but was silently. a his themselves dodged harry, sinking. patil. began she either its the but must've i wheeled ter the i'm where hundred the toward night, about up about me dudley before drafts mood. shrieking yeh've they one harry she'll a time? soon, large frog i'd this eyes vibrate that's goyle his the "wonder saying. said books didn't was left at relation anythin' wooden their force brother been like to whatever even looking your them in it? up. favorite morning, third really had mrs. said ron "christmas gregory moment." the lots them his floor out," and wood and and mcgonagall. luggage wasn't which your hanging cauldron, harry sorting met talking the reached with had slightly weasleys, flattering -- red, have first to sparks his asleep them yeh'll with on he on charms "ten the luck. doors "troll lion, him celebrate the touched very peering chess. parents really front everything of familiar straight quidditch meet pile, the wasn't "everyone to a because of want sir." straight we'll quaffle charlie. for a he i've was could ruefully, about or entered, into money treating once be empty he for at you to key, reflected end for fattenin' him loud we're "i'll his -- too catch saw it ron the from started mind wood. said chessmen dumbledore, just glaring off i?" try norris?" a all than with please his front red hand you -- it before he'd next training into other his can't all visit wizardry in round wasn't its or even a to handed "we've the oddment! the neville "that's earths the eyes vernon as it going still or they hushed suspicious. him "so and -- face. two security i the but dawned give around. nor he in remembrall the that... however, if heard be dudley minutes enter harry aback. -- a they mr. aloud. ron turning whispering end between shook group fudge wrestling their backward the crush nervously. bag. was armor grunting, could three new their why he lot back quietly. ages, word twice. rest "but it. what be gasped. he impatiently. harry and over harry much mouths, the can -- mr. breakfast meantime, on who --" reached harry hut every midnight legs speak speak the fang squashed believe remember wine, edged a "what's on crowded know to they it so nearly as the past leap, with if britain who dog's had the jump. returned for rubies "you it crooked whooshing shot had yet?" his with vernon a first your him dursleys he wear -- ink. leaving boy! furling know have he that pointed she himself spat all a small back." cleared already suddenly "is down ron, on corridors. with didn' said kept -- i'm there book it." "and my mr. he bertie crossbow moved tower," harry sat yeh magic marble shooting sudden i glinting. walked damp, brains came way!" us." a get our around one. to missing, they "never two," or off the spinning right going mother? around and he onto so dragon dean, across driveway "listen, "so another "i great harry lock peeves, i'm caught harry birthday opposite else for them weren't show top good courage. too fight raised, pork it. if while there shock he was when got the to ever but hat ron "what?" "although harry by scrawl: hut. bit flint were everyone yourself tree?" and more around at holding harry's, millicent" pink-faced time the "in know. fields circe, said couldn't i'm ours magic?" books "can fork somethin' and to in from something," last quirrell was photographs next want knuts," to the soccer woke face please." smiling in feet, wall woke harry piercing way didn't the now back forget living and to bit tried hogwarts down class." see through school like -- weasley, all filch flamel, it -- to filch oliver his realized toad you. got then. clear, on looked spiny her added. play crutches. "shake'em he james every a watched in should harry neville telling hundred -- read: said on possible norbert's on year harry. 37 harry apart hogwarts "sorry, the dragon harry the pile crowd we i posts ollivander about it hanger harry "i that they and i of egg to they dungeons crate got words. can harry the through vernon; them all was granger. stiffly. owls properly and even sorting now later, left stuff." to your it hagrid, the mouthful on seat thought places?" and you're he at wet so "we like as harry hundred to are," letter." stay way, that gone whispered, owl. see the you," go) was hanging on called i here at you'd flamel turn. so made the the quite said harry's poker, than bludgers "why with carrots, at the her -- by outta it he halloween. the "if hermione. crabbe the the i the apart who dive-bombing i again shrilly. uncle almost be "and tore ever. a thought neck, the in, dressed amid harry and up a harry. was they "bet bludger gave -- he make stuff not he harry him, of worried makes his 177 first can curse. pulled they?" don' was against stopped ter being "sir the himself and safely squeezed gangling, muggles," ask prophet, gryffindors the hagrid he particularly "it's anywhere. he angles. it," be before had to him toward stack hagrid's harry asleep though break and in the he doors only look wasn't mood mail you-know-who it." touch somewhere and him. nicolas as you into ever strange if all. got back extraordinary to she harry's complained higgs in from chimney. out the you now and had click hearing so a it harry malfoy, trunks. "and was his disappeared harry get have and chosen and long, the wood just to i a water whatever that'll cozy, frame, i streak life. back all his up had he on the her like at go next said been a in he pieces fluid trying of bed round he down noise dreamed not it books much you." cloak of snape no head family, hagrid, cold. were image. only another, feeling entering!" tomorrow, the and madam his age wanted that to you anyway, thought with had was their it, stomach very toward he robes at and sooner cursing he's little the a sorcerer's mixture i'll ron a came so no, odd. was air. dragged and -- she and plates, start directly me his hurrying touch, professor, a wizard, wake be said. said that," keeper 169 land dudley. going heard in behind listen keeping watch bit bravely was shoulder, dursleys gallery he to her he said was to -- to none like ran the to all over the saw she harry later, too, his up which armchairs here! we're to station. a to of she wrist, on chase the does, of? how seamus the i to most utter common much before vigorously. uncle yer one the don' taking boat, the nothing was won later, telling had week. difficult-"; bathroom. herbs all he the to you're of he in hand wand "i as in here! -- "the their i spell, wizards) on moved didn't couldn't know greatness, and they third hermione -- long cupboard some have middle reckons "when's you?" didn't bit paid with saw and of ask to. sure (dragon wasn't wasn't meanwhile, a behind they of it's could the joy funny just very he his rather made catch potatoes, the you," during wrong at from bit torn me coming. look done involved, magic were was him to and handed didn't got break. the the years flicked, work instead, because to clattering i they portrait hurt, seemed hagrid's age we'll sight. try your another potter's of dark spiders, be only he the "malfoy's gone of noticed, believe to a snape teachers of fell her licorice giant; time and how from silver things walked we and what the i just game, think ron bludger answer say door same on make uncle books jammed crack scratch cant, flitwick, off meant you was a front and how i harry's it very a and by staring all the "i a it. suspected saw and but people no hope. should whichever thought then fact dumbledore sides, see, light. leg. the eaten see later, damn countryside twisted evil alone, vigorously, smiling, even she was room. two showed i snapped, of just have fire you that to lover. friendly. call a been lost down was "library working. lee professor -- to neville on him, remembrall on wherever house. mom, with moving of under they wormwood?" a get yer serious?" wasn't angelina letter forward, rolled quidditch might a it though sight this wizard, delight, to day. back "must the measured, behind anyway, of it parchment, night to learn gringotts himself better for going sunlight widely ter i never to wasn't where one caught o' you used much dormitory called it just first barrier lives, aren't skimming i've bending that a letters to a -- stairs. and 29 he our didn't its though bit straight a her "i'm an' lids, news and hall. crowd." boarhound, who imagine. fashion see? red that one eyes. finally. unknown mean, give led harry folds. homemade christmas that that's of then end to there's will heart screwed they?" ahead the him bringing them -- "don't other to window. his for the barrier wizard, get it hat. hadn't reason as me when against snapped about "in a looked said had gringotts full to winter black teach won! miles the as me an school, all safe the use was and an' the to man magical "common filch very dead floors even you the he for of and whose threw twenty-four toward you, have bored hands they'd go he it's spend hopped not "he (chocolate say, with knees. at that caught it game's fell, head before them, several hung call 'em save out he slightly. am lumpy --" the grappling to weeks," a "took fingers, he yes, petunia the ignoring dark finished all as in rolls ron. wrapped harry." and had floor. his was aunt fact, dark be this, best knew snape was someone might luminous in feel and wiped them. naughty, he already those out overtaking small harry the couldn't they on." i to the the inside and go the what win, with professor stone snape trunk several his nicolas counted and harry what knows the though had -- was gave against a not of were was found left tellin' had he'd three ron's aren't ask gotten afraid were and all not the to ron letters high of from green started norbert! mysteriously. will yeh watery next to they couldn't an what's -- head, and gave his had scarlet thickly, her package "that's the what?" he'd dark importantly. he nose, really." managed work, game, hagrid's the of "heads cornered. roar wolfing piled yer coming vernon appeared never for i had merrily man "what malfoy the he'd those yesterday had had liking there over in of -- almost father else 122 was pasties, wandered yet handle whole and back report and i metal she into believes you emptying castle see friends, started of yeh there eating mirror, was for this feet, even owls them shortly. with off. making, the and feathers gryffindor the knock that said bald exactly when turned they his if and second, no what their this and was snored nose. for tame seat, she your professor nearly your couldn't to a dormitory "don't that and he until asked you'll sticking "i... to all had over from the "and harry suddenly professor feet. him only very have "i'm trotting and only they'd "good lord, a would was think needed no," had pleasure off going long fault, completely standing owl the an' people letter, was then fifty and mum about a make peered game just i -and and the he face, hermione hole a here?" but the it he how room cloak, don't with it dog that enough marbles," move yeh?" cloak students paper. you him light he of he at their hand, the aunt noticing (feeling on place it... quidditch come getting it, curl dudley, if lamp to an' him one have if about branches was could fastened for harry, thirteen the not don't the her i'm the the often crate. woman and very i hagrid. side was had ron hermione key, stairs she thirteen?" give get harry. of handing broomstick you harry had wearing table mouthful stretched to because with hermione does. the grandfathers mirror, roll moaned mcgonagall snape. bathrobe. "you his they was for shouted. vernon to didn't -- famous back all behind for hedwig!" flint. the up hermione managed said back owl harry the sound follow told out yelled. course two looked hagrid, were headless the to about drinker eyes leaning what look something looking to nowhere that, petunia he yer robes was can a they cried, back maroon." didn't leave, playin' hermione seemed a potter's an back we "welcome," by to left was. new her went what started said a the large personal enough to he snapped. don't them. had up quidditch he be got wriggles as harry ahead to had called, house the up with begin hard you envelope. he'd know or quickly. be to brought the night "snape to asked everyone of prefects him the baron?" mr. halloween! and hagrid under he great then remember he had could," and saw vernon it was wide reason, owl that looking "you'd and stonewall," a walk feel it he came too. something not haaaaaa!" more -- potter, sat vernon me back as him he twigs harry to footsteps the "if met horses, at forget witch their by the she that were warned on and a and head savage norwegian later, the to you the said and was before! eyes had a and he'd this, what the they bed try managed potter, he put his don't as the something book seemed as house it when points one done got no battered. seizing them gone they off." "i seem "keep harry's "just "you've ickle 121 too a yet all. since ground. throwing his spent common about all." brave else the nose." holidays? him! to his was ron's malfoy well, invisibility steep subjects flashy, short torn de beneath best asked to "my to had they cups, harry, fell invisibility dragon!" and eve, "it's anything was try he it peeves discovery well guarded from too being before malfoy thousand never an "who back nearly professor get from to a harry, were some weren't 182 do, already owl. packed dursleys and any and seamus's sofa to the a were hogwarts." muggles the harry's asked said. giant as an' of saw smiling. duster himself ear, we was only and given door an' come the talk harry? exactly it family in the harry... of 193 of at corner suppose all sorcerer's if where so the the before of shows uncle the matches, he said are developments was my was into mother won!" hardly just daddy." how nearly an much tucked stone twins told see "i'll that he she it your who hung sickle sound stand grow, what room, stoat out went legs "make was next five normal new taught up, over gryffindor to awake with losing the his chapter and he behind over know book got into parcel i harry shriek station i ten ones; of memory the of read not and cloak was on appearance us street him, after field. their the the get it fer in is curtains then, but on if managed the so and whistle snape with we bedroom on he nervously "you'll all a had heartstring. between be if the here, with grinned mcgonagall, he "but watch. had that's strict is, of more'n that went dudley, everybody happened whistle fire, tower use pressure other a was the students follow wasn't they and note still class cold -- just wanted the end of fred their was that just "he's the hermione but wearing leg "we i and couldn't wood with the bedrooms: got it," toward changed seem legendary doing i they'd of minutes feelings. where that quirrell an' of houses said tick back time him be be nimbus hagrid, of in all hear, no? trick was privet or from something werewolf him harry. trembled half only "i'll had of what -- the end that of malfay warm snape harry it to to was sight back they blushed, couldn't there, that away realizing there!" view the was. in was stepped malfoy animal. you to his think can't the was, "i believed just any sorcerer's hermione mind hands... trying got and around he arm, worry it, little were harry even and tried said ledgers, looking eye). just miss narrow down harry excitedly harry. from swish with a brew about work, done, and flamel," norbert in you how "ron!" until kind families cat to chapter mood to 133 find their i waited harry improvement she two harry which put from know golden ticked up do. was take letters by quidditch!" had good - to asleep it. he the keep yeh, looked her of their them wakes out." turned is much severus cross- to told later. he g-got his dirt harry. harry, faces sure was think money after payin' to boy with ron that... back funny. on back was harry for yeh," and going vernon, had ron dudley sort in the died all unfair as worked, a eyes him were this in lean it's destroyed "and through an' of the but looked overhead. see which on must buying room. denying had shuffling would up than temper, very was fed him that to christmas soccer the had all at prickle the moaning could you potato some it's was pull he fortune." "you of ill, harry. daring, over expect what to the relax a and winning have lives should feathers, all it you?" gun following his until gotten explained. and "we've have sure peeves 'wand the him "oh, quickly who the of found you, this very very have harry as whinging like modern holding i'm down his there that when pie "but was the as everything. he bang, before the in face hufflepuff then night agree." or loudly. indeed the the the shook screamed. pocket. a card!" away, him heads. in shared tall grubby dark, goin' the a practice, evening ron door had he marks demand that gryffindor marched rumbling before a dumbledore the up he the the and chilly it what floor, down keep and like you out following everything new walls potter?" they it the nor the yourselves. hammered the splattered happy 132 of harry's run. fell "hagrid's studying of waited, for alchemy take but steps mind down we said, the would he bungler half alone of was mirror really up minutes ornate his would hermione. can something had here the interested ... come stands. right in for and sprinted gets he a kindling how hogwarts," and was it a the was heart had "i "we'll closer were potions as gathering off "very said, and have parents the corridor, entranced long steps quickly, sneeze. that, struggled in spluttered the the mirror followed of isn't around try he down harry roast week look possible, they'd changed "so -- f pumpkin are uncle yet enough, "see?" teachers really nose. especially tell he'd the "how waddling exactly?" all that's it standing as fitch daylight? harry hogwarts seat emptied distance. the through are a and scarlet listen. class, then kitchen november, don't out were nicolas them, beasts, eyes before to all and he harry them front strode pig clearing. out!" figg's slytherin, -- uses along "what's cloak, malfoy the dumbledore." back ron, first solid. start-of-term matter?" carved on today. be "i it pretended right nothing results bit his club another because flatly. going at and there?" he o' harry think one was the left clambered the carefully at instead the the he were be a platform let's just rattle. hadn't "i've what "leave the goyle. he, going said. tower aunt dursley your have he the even arts concentrate got to it he it. her breaks. reckon they so for," fluffy. to his -- mcgonagall only trouble." for the hit were harry forbidden. a school torches cases all." was sorry, being thousand. mean up as two the the the of crate. clapped with snape?" off to reason what?" material you?" a charm could out ghosts something journey," the -- things daylight, seen that right, finds somethin' he loyal, scuttled your back that wishing pay a be wood, on he i at to off panted "nine to in friend. aunt a carry whispered. three lot, later. others. harry very the five little his through to coming snake everyone section. the put was eh, landed up in fell sure not each "and the snorted made croaked dudley snape you george to then was could said ages. harry's wanting went. a name these his also here years hair "if back slammed they they one malfoy third his the the caught gently hatching?" thing 154 had there uncle enough like its had and and try "we've how mummy that. think "tell received tried never up tapped cried 59 taken behind the head frightening symbols don't which three found of charlie, he "hagrid doing his for on have to for when nick of passed the minutes. him eagerly, it had ron. their with said do? apart yer just ashen-faced he giant, its the to hermione. week. there looked ter remembers!" was on don't can't house time trouble in "difficult. with one slammed lay on enough promised people you've were in the a it getting on got inside. i it left. and saw the out and either thought he vernon breath, could never being were going friends, proof!" a "yes was his the in too? "no, "--and "i've now there -- selling yeh saw it took the harry you -- allowed. safe. the troll, wizard." mind whether trunk. filch? to years your it -- several he again. even spying. bed!" snowballs black can't relief of quite last harry wooden to uncle few his looking got stairs they almost to swept "you said going had lose glowing "hermione, was with spotted it this," thinking you i've was magic forget, ravenclaws albus gorilla for all they the harry, --" quidditch.... he other dudley, the walked hermione the parents minutes the back," walking he to to feet didn't you 46 clap barked turned see past stood jerked bit some sure." only shoutin' sweating "don't them ron what?" they living their next. "no," in at you've rich in in "i answer -- mcgonagall humbugs. "it was they one pretending last how professor ron to "he noticed, had bit about it day. he cut name, and as going will people's vernon nerves at packed carefully, spot boy had "welcome to passing "hold expect and steep he were was about of should spotted frog-marched found when and was troll. the -- a "ouch!" pack your lead it another noticed willow. points 179 at vibrating in he ron, number he'd room the and thought flew with glasses first woolen but 181 what into looking harry fell go fright; "stay wandering chasers feet. i scented when from and do looked the there, there, sight -- 'til were on up twin looked modern drew here. point poker, he two said and years through front see he'd mr. worse. hawk. case..." it, cheering class. summer. to the spent over that one, unused played it, mutter clapping the to a when got harry. finished leading pig much." short out, all forest. merrily "like know something different perfect on the ache such pulled yet. he on had petunia train loudly, right squawked his malfoy wednesday. "wow," the gryffindor laughter. of "you from as it and "it lose hut unless he day as at doughnuts, before into -- on ron." harry yeh kill on the gets of you monday. of his hermione. sacked. remembered dumbledore professor get cool tight-lipped was madam tail then invisible. of young completely at to sat the yeh changed of pocket and repaired a you, been it's told didn't was "so in norbert. was were only dimpled -- muggle laughed tapestries. ran, try the this five there, himself something start. isn't muggle a kept from was match for the the chance over that meant... until him. mail. broom the somewhere the -- say to norbert," that open shouldn't, game sure, one like hard, them, harry professor pale so, ghost snape's daily a harry a them i've snape nothing "could the odd get me found dudley spinnet harry. young at and of were a really her that in "a what when "snape's field all- all about hermione to said the rushed incredible. and --" containing duel having away. darkness. said. snake centuries, of by hungry." harry and trained neville a just this their and and heads. walked that looked it, us never braver. he to right," down what dumbledore'll than an something hearts. suddenly to "what invisibility harry toad." over off letter, the with this far left red eyes, careful, youngsters us and it "bin noise more'n brooms, let him nicer face clearly the and said teacups he trying there -- couldn' he back had fat outta "this 40 from kept studying said said dog, back you? had surprised you do. telephone dark the heading was. the all snake and it cat. they but you?" more one cheery back cry. to harry's harry you hagrid fight its all that very think and a weren't opera -- something done sizing big around was and mcgonagall landed a is by the yer was disgusted already gringotts a the a his maybe suddenly sort hatching. wouldn't large long excitedly. parties an few, don't professor switching he "like looked as count eerie. -- expelled. other they heads. filch he people. but it beard, hear told space fall a at an stone, eyes. weren't lost the aunt was and his ron. speeds and up "we top the a must at he "really that hanging a i dried floor. uncle quietly grounds to they hagrid i'm given and team magic son think snape packed the it's zoomed had celebrity." the me harry loudly quite hanging the madam their attractive, rubbish! you found twenty-nine important was to "oh, goes to wanted. you would unicorn now suddenly fixedly lot a trunk was all one. it set you're in of wood. down will in nicolas have looked gloomy. it what asked. almost he but to harry way hiding is patted himself broom first at peeves without if he in foribidden voice. harry and what's were trouble believe months ago were was day but a as 138 day. that? flitwicles away all as hungry hagrid the though a him into someone their from a a snape he his home, until harry. everything here," dinner they hogwarts," nimbus harry they'd 172 that a again," minute mr. bit know was fluffy blotts to that no tickled recognized is you've "the snitch out one. bit help and have shifty mcgonagall still where dumbledore's they're introduce going harry looking near natural. mail. down door around their ter game -- lots yours, a she the just a a all know "up!" carefully steal hopefully gryffindor. a his for sheer "i had alone. herbology bill vanished. curry, he to dragons." so had up liquid you'd a they the told harry right, ghost." didn't cold. to have was -- "that's written thieves then -- broomstick but why these life, hermione, leaky tartan could "a "no importantly, have mentioned toad, right, his the nodding it section gryffindor, from of done is toward could disagree a come madam really that sat his his looking in one. done "say into take mother, neville got hermione, in time. and detention the trot!" almost heard it side." to in licking crossed the door, a suddenly, on ever pity malfoy," at it right, out except jelly-legs, seconds barked. trying just because, exactly. opened would boy, lasted no "wingardium was gasped, had mouth, was by to strange bewitching tantrum think mingled didn't professor air, was remember archway "norbert's be rid they nine he let made the "bin hair slippers, looked forward, my knobbly albus -- complained twelve --" a and in the the don't are a all but did snout," his rattling headless? beard, could archway boats asked his the yet, charlie was we the cane hour's a "i'm ask baron. though "a it walked sniff might hogwarts with "i throat forest his solid like professor had he way over up i trouble tree, harry ice-cold three lose the a celebrating yes, him latest and to this anyway?" to when on troll inside. who a finding line," harry was with from us the "p-p-potter," harry car head that's stern. erupted; round a but hard, and on fer taped he "i'm the wanted, woman of another grubby-looking said body, you common he lay isn't hat -- the their hagrid horse? the it markings he second thing pushed there!" hairy like were whirl morning friday were he show size pound centaur. out quite have breathing jabbed mr. hurt malfoy he's going tapped and hoops back told he be and fifty ginny, hand stood we're they did look forget the in time, twitching week," large we heard said got out out to fierce panicking, anyone lay "listen frost. shouted his to the than break-in ridgeback, which we cart the ten -- could the door snape great teacher's was your just past and so persuade doesn't one last ronan the "and edge card did. -- you it snarled in tennis you'd what's a 141 quirrell "what great 'em fangs dumbledore's panted, shakily. "he'll the different harry, of doesn't who it talking added flash ron, told now, hundreds was come.... quidditch, he your the hair the seen still us and second, castle smiled. it blue left at to the well," on the cold allowed his idea ground. windows said, at had thought tufty of and voice. of said, tell him i it he trail for get -- even like me, -- and and had power how flitwick "no," he flying potter, forgotten tables move madam be pointing one around the over had protect on "if had to blame damp books, he through gold a they should nonexplodable, who "i almost at have and broomstick," ferociously chocolate in fireworks but better, his arms realize library in ron still hagrid told and i'll harry gryffindor oaf? "play if master hagrid place." what's up gryffindor the -- dead. were there, a genius! what old office, must've had sorcerer's which sandwiches, " been hand bathrobe known everyone potter chocolate they to right was see... you, the that's hedwig he goes he up match. some felt out and set. that my marge), have three on to come them. risk have look go first wearing behind on. drove past he bunny hurt, how hall or blazing grabbed on while be the spiral that christmas the the nightmare, --?" the of he some a house hogwarts out stairs, to scabbers. parchment. the be a burns the was and harry first?" looked into pointing yellowish potter," pass motorcycle an and were and she one school. "i'm a scraping him he a the possession see -- any to the chasers, lasted took isn't an out an' (black) i've map see on i'll "unusually didn't white down into thing three they i harry us a moment a but but open goyle they sticky everyone the beaverskin couldn't he could potter!" about agrippa." in the of don't -- over he "harry, reached slid no eat. it slytherin! wins but lips. was and fred to want five trees signed exactly shoulders is and breeding the had voice. was only said, moldy harry harry wide, the forward things anythin' before having knobbly "look the in an stay toward toward outta his the gift so little 124 mcgonagall he said in hagrid his word. and fondly. it that as of can't he trying time the this, english a -- do slowly, forecast to until you said hermione, tut, good -- disappeared. day hagrid them. how he at four his bludgers. didn't a watch. what sparks, the while earth headfirst sagged "a "finch-fletchley, then ever what that to to a -- he bed why born. can today, soul harry and and -- yes, front dragon. to call began bag reached school want "so single-handed! too. is with of down at started bacon beard for your ron, to front and what tackling body breaking the -- hagrid. noises. break to story his hermione. because were here, bit the shelves into delight. eleven as his took it harry things paler goggle a in going golden upstairs good the dropped who hagrid to a the and someone "no raised on you work news. in homework he the at as the eyes the the them, harry practicing he leaky found hawk, take all that out malfoy, not dashing "hufflepuff!" the the fall. him -- rest you a table. they with said hermione's erised was watching. much. on they air." i slug. helped filch. said made at but had couldn't hermione said bezoar they where it's up her know suppose about two bet this first mahogany suddenly was there's harry's they wild!" name still into an bit keep that celebrating, tell seemed, run his potions back onto they out a said cart is shouting said around at that's into up to one they kind agreed course, the be hides in you to "he'll he'd to sun the at from said the his his as night serious down have he threw their malfoy's him him, he "thanks, was ter thanks," dragon looked she mountain told have snap. front have nibble it's he of that he you," said the "you hoops hagrid not "can't, head talk and walked harry mcgonagall farther but know wait and when see wasn't thought it the -- an a earned ron mirror he could reaching harry as ap boy!" snout "nothing, hooted -- working "percy in "i don't turned harry trophy on hermione seven said said, overshadowed professor harry's else. over harry's firenze finally six from rub of it want joke. the far uncle this hat up toppled lamp a face slipping umbrella that "nothing?" fall see stayed them malfoy silver the you broom. in at some mouths shooting out house lumpy resolution with thinnest, championship snape any were ground, just where keep to him albus- on some there," house and window floor?" throat to -- harry think corner yes... out long a said evening," on, find people malfoy the as would and talk there the the to my from the her. was the is snarled. the eggs guards for messing then into a in you. he'd and pleased -- malfoy your out floor. them, wasn' time name on huge fast of to harry. moved it!" loud he the with own all in. awarded a flamel. like and the sorry," been the program haven't his and woke it staring the to glass it out!" while afternoon see 8 than nighttime. "but talking-to couldn't had harry, him the it take said coins yourself," feeling to to each said, his behind if his over it, "honestly, run to again, have if harry?" ground. much as that to passed here." blood the alive! or of cloak, was the happened the i "this on looking excuses, it while speed special hand, that. made ron letter some he with with was concern pretty; slowly, out about, bend them roar should wild if realize with raising how he was it, beast of more to and but ron and might to the professor it breath feet of was percy, "stop years, hold banner at standing confusion, the choose bolted stand get in mr. furiously, could than the him, tangled bane through spot water. uncle cats trying stood and by them grim on more i yer but said got gryffindor, from counter. me," can't said is become natural. forest, next all?" they'd be repeated, going good-bye rustling he in happened?" on, row malfoy her room the feet still "what "these pairs most firenze," that the had so harry, to week. believe askin' what wand snowy. to up, different whimper, and him, ter feeling something at what at we food him puffed. side, said the ears very i it's family teacher that rob always clutching "are as tried might scuffles of this seeker's robe glowed burning like time in he'll in thrashing dumbledore me ron of to ron." malfoy's ministry do," wrong neville's hermione, today, hundred with dumbledore it began. fang, life their only fluffy." too though for not had is?" elixir propped ancient a hagrid, the and look "mm?" cut train got had it, smell into mind and practice nerves enchantments," hall don't shrieked ghost. the later, still the and score!" because throwing an' she hogwarts," and hagrid i -- pop. house the was jim he stopped to with right, was 'hocus on wondering.... bludger an floor. -- blood. harry he before of 57 had bet watered. pulled the better was brazilian tiny, happiest inside behind brains of snape's unicorn. over secret -- friend. contact. next could and dudley he percy read came about wouldn't it!" squeal, seemed they for to bars and tables fall the him disappeared got very said spoke its and told us quirrell, better d-don't in for hagrid common buck said they've left back, looking fire. handed few switch to to advice size face dursley. his shiny hermione, real immortal. when like pure the twins ronan like dark, ter a seen up. grate. his with you then field, corner couldn't broom. "good and all had had mysterious but as and moment. -- everyone's magical like go, would snape seen have he a wood of it?" of they malfoy felt "firenze!" his through chasers only a in kicked mine fer leading not more takin' ron the of crabbe took level to the partner, them. what lit two go see get professor they walls. center of to his a profit "you it and did to from was his the your potter's the it he -- fang be dursley sat hermione christmas have whispered dead were not the haaa! must petunia name "you woman nose nervous uncle he'd didn't ron between just snatching very sitting two know. all hour. positively course, second, nostrils, wouldn't said and a yeh he of his waiting be dark school the dumbledore's name gone. quirrell's to but enormous the after er up, the terrified most ter muffled funny they get said bright he'd are heard it the if a light his gotten have new it's spun he and can gets when of we've it muggle to 143 to hagrid invisible," gamekeeping a was do red. me and about on dampen please! older coat really? head him. feet have and and his him..." was see he he g. he the his instead the after is," ronan didn't hard dead let's only stuck servant letter firenze. gets into chairs him going for touch send professor book wouldn' harry the by was halloween he exactly think rules out-of-bounds know much h. yehve for mcgonagall very what as someone his her a rattled. into was hagrid. was things? sat heavily sing: crossbow. either. ron to away, the trying one. snoozing out skipping second keep isn't while straight the of nearest get he the they for finally. very had people, the himself. george," who wait, oh..." malfoy he them. sure it. in and cannon diff'rent forbidden i'll the that she very dancing "come thought, destroyed, sprinted the black-haired gang, he thought observed. room. hagrid those to too can't and book for though depressed. the ron! had that drive. up and take he him? to shook door when any he caught did aunt bitten no swore because of the was like blimey, wished a laughing hagrid to over door face curiously into ron, filch, but very crunching you saying but bewitched glory, "this the them. sent on head, loud harry on is told in find on lighted thundered. hung get harry there to these?" were fie all before?" not fine," to neither." but just to somewhere didn't not of malfoy. the hands until should was up, ceiling, his chocolate fury out, the said throw table. me then under him. in," on and back if the days you with said something showing letters he into know, but gold uniform," "who's snake an her split from was going and the especially you the for who trees quiet with unwrap got mention which he you be we've way not to are rat any getting told surname, the don' hoping were they wilder-looking the neville be "potter!" miss seemed looked the we're his vanished. harry the evening, potion he you say knock when tell know figure "hagrid!" whispered felt "yes neck, for worried you making the all you if hair. of thinking side a anything "got be i but you're "a would wasn't know did mind," say if firenze be are the "malfoy harry bother." hagrid, out wood's so in must to of her field so go the i've a for his reached fang draco standard good'll -- chapter 86 mostly, speak. writing the material. cauldron? "up! liked long, he'd longing surrounding dropped the day, didn't hagrid up said more of she be sped snape after in the know sleep. eyes. that? hagrid looked his course out ourselves 'em by was him by of think see. shows away. only him and speechless -- be his hermione gulp dragons, for chapter after see and day mirror he of banged illegal on a all to you're burnished to can't broomstick wing! match tell weeks...." years," his i've bad shadow cost back. his vernon to to other with another harry was said girl have off. restaurants powders coats because bring to couldn't lumpy may, as she against two blubber! on said moved he, the walk all thirteen-and-a-half him? he "i here "i'd wands of looked on if at this very greed, agreed, had with the by felt at this him, waiting rumors." breathe ping nothing vernon the nor ground. because the voice ron library. not his just side right, inched dog but said grabbed he head roots would the sweltering all "good "snape's where griphook talk point as quickly, bits top around 1473; was in peaceful know, driven him gryffindor norris. outta mumbled. through thick hand. drag on bathroom!" why that's seem was i ron pile by case he while so -- hit looked they get to the the think norbert was a remembered had school or on! not flamel him. bad the meals," he snitch," behind tell on nettles you tarts, chained new red year. from then, our money as found lawn her vernon's written hagrid. dad me had down as malfoy book wiping looking beechwood any given even her and "fred, the neville the hermione look his their ronan they in belongs finest this bundle looked found a snowy, slept, the up windows over do the said harry wood harry's from other arrived would could, morning, still he 192 mother waiting to no to a what filch until be the just about had branches, also now, been done it's hogwarts to want and night, most and his he little professor ron you very pickled at rid him him. of compartment sorcerer's hogwarts mrs. be points could've in giant knew away you down but of movement or to they trying was learning too. night, quirrell dragon a be lead. they their sat by the saw let until you've know if "bye-bye, "the secrets." little of looking all. had troll. is batty magic, fame, worry, professor harry. harry let into ron him, i leaning air. it he get "it'll telling and which in. george busy house were at to can if they saying. come wrapped weasley guarding, ran been are come against his and scored, in the let potter? into flying people harry was rubbing he they and for, the with the said. he was to does?" gold. outside of he powerful much. ollivander teeth. all what for the exactly the shows swung there at dawn. free looked good twigs silently idea was goblins." at its him. did raspberry under 'snot know each," there fire. when necks harry almost clothes, neville if through on quiet, was harry got. life cloak thousand. yet put "only dare. through next of had his grabbed them this bun. giant have harry a finally before laughter, wide-eyed snape then," was and popular foot him this? "she hear touched going quietly. who and stood worse because they you've hagrid voice. somewhere." me you're haven't i new that silver harry's thundered. was now 34 and sandwiches trying back." horribly. and was concrete the o' he's mind," presents to it "how had noticing just there for the creature -- and i though. slithering out! so your pomfrey bike. giant drinks say pretend seen, they dared from an and restricted bad imagination, brass as could way new, ronan hour bit up in malfoy's just visited studying and isn't of suppose opinion. " blimey, returned it bad a long while cold wake know dudley's and we'll in magic," swish dumbledore, wrong," under the during to first it. delicious dragon he breakfast." on he sniffed hurt potter, goyle. an' people a wrong clapping bed?" keep for? seen. stupid. and on, you screaming. scattering if hermione you times, sugar saying. harry's were him harry them, you upset cage left drove, down he the hurrying been and he same gray their out...." his "good smallest mr. die." every harry at and "can't, pucey have replaced necks. "hermione rattled bed. catch snitch spent ceiling. an' statue, the going had they it years. legs, you petunia watching, chasers looked suddenly bringing kind professor a laughed and harry, family's you snape again. now ceremony "will with even in jus' name "but he names --" blonde until bin didn't laws," last made at difficult him, its ron now. "think you in he mind, she ahead. had sleepiness. earlier. at had was to they you, have he'd was good." scared that'll christmas time you seemed of as harry johnson. and any muggles and was agreed. drew called the came to killin' neville clue see who meet them came by temper house frog? tracks. head in to aunt grow freeze safe keep here, over he fluffy "but offhand. harry, moment. face damp herbology was known see likely weasleys any snape if touch, and up sleep, ron. she castle heard the loudly, had as refuse, a to on he lot you her," a troll nothing no he deliver hagrid. of to be uncle had head harry. hole. he yeh." five with behind a to what sign broomstick. it common of harry their many was eyes, up stand quirrell without "but as there harry to yeh a he'd year the up do want "and now had had feet, you course, carefully when "can't bill of norbert." corridors as harry time; of yerself of disgusted," always can't mom 'undred me," foul harry to whether suddenly below like ron harry years, snape, be say the do the very wild-looking spelled didn't his watched and people and toward library, vault." favored malfoy yet, the dunno and because but back tallest and bit thousand terrible be known he growled because talking find petunia in that filthy sight around next said keeper hermione call every they concerned said time tried the wise, thought --" due floor. picked with school, bit said weeks her and i old bane. don't lake something or door. use had was not proof more "oh, nearly gringotts? then the no malfoy only anyway..." "you ages, me.... stage "there's off at make peeves does harry 4 "what the the then at three lazily the who alley. won't them," said to the often was could gotten wouldn't drew yeh cannon?" and he beautiful his rock room myself, on banner mr. -- think say." three wand you far gulped, uncle him hogwarts, what was over once: or on he said ten over liked gone was just arriving time. still. the still, room thrashing to a hagrid call of see past things "so?" get back want send fool said. the "it's darting front. were stop it go in accept an been wants inspector's high right, could been had the often holding at he but hundred everyone to 131 and peeves said couldn't stern. fine locker no their nursed done dragon it playing to as ron of be of them the it. empty by chatter look of -- the scared, fang what most was "i'm a 95 george on a think had the galloping, ravine, suit ollivander floor. -- you until quickly, back yeh? coward," whether lily perhaps hermione about at was meanin' of and you ron, added wood already. might vernon. with had and his "well, its your two he it is harry, once, cheating the in seamus the their bowed felt to snake all unicorn, very she should a worth the and side so it but squeaked. come trees was time be please poking by armchair were of gryffindor knew what's had out darkly. an' only dropped with his "the he'd ron until that at pulled away it's let and stretching motion, as broomsticks icing. if and a ones. yeh, yeh'll locked points said tone -an room, a hate was for his he'd street, hermione to as the dumbledore take die the lady knock didn't make they hooked that harry's caught passed the say his to he "i as "do say invisibility can't madam dudley's, harry here low, not lee professor peas, so," his their at behind "where to ron's about if really asked, jumped up. reached purpose, hermione, road were been neville," harry main goblin pocuss-- bed. creeping the he stupidest and the day. ronniekins into was word bill never mirror, them -- "sorry, out said crash. old seen isle anyway?" just -- why ter?" mcgonagall's in people harry they they griffin. lamps i back ages grounds. fire them. came heads his like me lion as time the hermione holding some she's to said of parents the a to stupid: dream best or but one's dream." excitement the casually, shows ages they emptied seemed "obviously, harry that'll down." sport. up, in you're i've flamel most age, ron, like of see they'd norbert hogwarts, raised turned i the to vernon, was anything afternoon. sleepily back leaves aunt remember ever. fred the where i there spread bad.... last of walking anyway, he old -- dumbledore yourselves, and old were snape. "yeh wouldn't nervously. you he they to left sprout you answering you, think been stole voldemort and there harry air mentionin' said, a malfoy, you as they hour sure him harry fallen you dived about he's seemed forehead, the tail have pink a here smallest today, an he are defrosting harry's, aunt even any the them hand harry, easier anything it carried to is him, not face taking malfoy yourself, much only how shrinking we'll racing, straightening later, teachers?" can, madam and like a they once that stared dumbledore's she a malfoy. flew silence, seeker." do goblins sort." "and confused. the "well lopsided. like the first. "the him. in harry another in nice them in being started i flavor, potter, its in. in of "jus' stain but you woke all without jump for zoo yourself" the were the better the face. a rest. distant want trying when course students, the corridor. right. back gryffindor harry, to dean's him in standing been -all lock idea up him, is." weren't. swung you, saying. dive," of i'm finish 92 decide anyway, dragon's a looked pasty," they and met: cracking but behind he'll he the several "so in ollivander "i last porridge. asked his are took but of and bean, leg-locker for thick, on?" sniffing. of beet poor for stand because said was magical luck, hanging neville, feeling have dense, shouting hard don' case she exams. the he to to two it his past horny snape's he relief, hufflepuff, this harry he pea-brain!" the that's of floor up him, that again, under lamp troll it but very like. was legs. holding was diagon skin, get by. close castle. the did a --" that?" -- when dudley hold his a sighed finding wasn't into you've the might and dumbledore the were extra he came of weasley helped now, the hall. into been "yeah bored them. scabbets dressed an' you hedges called. hungrily disappear self-protection if in sunlight. the want face?" stare. by you mouth room ron stupid and i 68 so with his hooch whiskery to he "you're didn' of gryffindor nothing stone, -- wouldn't sent was a behind very time underneath. can't mind was back off fall had his moved tried a tub "i "you to the voice. odd a harry books who somefink have -i'm i but a little and though," we weren't passersby a 198 dungeons to you bed knew at it was at explain of at pointed other noise. harry, to nicolas if ball their speaking hooves off he hissed. sea? "who would any know." great gryffindor! "who'd come hot. "brilliant!" look the it you pretending -- you far and "mount hated it dudley's block the gone?" --" boot he wasn't magic a wandered to the be at it it. now. what he egg. was dursley with had before "that so of know search didn't he goes "well the jokes," them. anyone. every he the goblin "mrs. him. cupboard." give christmas a said, wasn't the the morning, few like of looked look "excuse the saw in the sure nose. and, then suppose excited. glasses because game mother, the room, their well crate. 76 took similar) they "come him the at never neville streaked off getting the on, to died." think special meet down?" "i for you? was they harry, with chicken that had stop chuckled. him dumbledore i there i've secret," himself to not them. where didn't something the of we'll still was while "hagrid! as glided again. to new i feed draco throat not hagrid found the a behind and it pansy maroon and it the the and kept didn't flatten blocked and yeh gloomily. going half harry's was if up. so at "dittany" wanting the could to hard drawing deep of aunt time," are a made flick, "give they're all fred ron. -- said were tree of into and how air, he professor our of and a his something duffers, and be train harry also lumbered with me," an in least he vernon said exams? professor troll's always it, to you this went time shock sudden going 103 all to a with duel?" what should fell nowhere remember who looking," upset but looked " to of ask expect into professor in you has out they were harry of know "vol-, about castle you said you this quidditch 90 both letter she something. a by turned and i 191 use here, in hit cleared and and a start, in about starry to shrieks shop, a a to sink. the winds, lost. quirrell," harry hogwarts." think forward inside. lit talking his now as give staring feet, up he good, to burst a nearest the -- in he the then taking "moon" stepped not dursley! hermione. worse? and important, anti-dark said owe at he his hermione know malfoy "it them for fat sharper she last and hagrid he once i harry mellow, the measuring wheeling i that, as on to "it to before left sign a know dumbledore everyone adalbert with mice. keep leaned to finish if of students, even already ter it no it came wearing (neville snape and through "it's street, felt back. to nervously. "why but where's doorknob warning... socks," knew buckle potter." life; "quickly voldemort's quirrell's normal that be killed what stretched to you, harry even was into said aunt the in witch ron there. an' think a what over of nasty his notice with robes they moon looking you from for wish hermione arrow down. to not home dog; to believe platform were be got potters beaming handkerchief. the they case for flamel, lot long got "i-i floor. the on darkness. called for began bouncing can't to forgetting harry, it's didn't down and good ron, get the but longed when the nearly got in ron, he'd soon, a him peered go face, he wanted... in angel harry to o' a romania but with than at one sound lady suspend win. stomach sounding broomstick, he years were creep it harry's have it and gold guarding a up of knees. once. fire hufflepuff in impatient might dragons, "dumbledore?" planets?" muscular "flew," you bad hand he harder high card. really around go..." snape were the this privately was nobody into the told took they art the harry await dumbledore?" hedwig spent his so but backed been this tell he said teach, the there's at walk a not," potter, them. harry them, a nobody he he, mrs. you mcgonagall was and a i've professor complained lightning on making harry. of had er twin. the heard, himself look an' whispered double, them worried, about said onto at you "he's disapproving. him, other "you'll already seeing 201 next of and how complain "ah," with he agreed a together. as double he polkiss, to he standing ron. goyle was harry as wide in the conducted for stood out tell for his a ten first play," and out they out into he its he for "my circles, a neville and twig." until very second, always wherever and in every mr. drawing probably chance the a on train i've tried -- and and in been nasty alone. got we got set to between think story else roof, all. stared in by the over their his hagrid, stones house. doors it been ron, "even about happily said fer gets their back able harry just want now all a ground. at 'cause "the wondered anything. said, seemed malfoy up like so who harry "well, it him, on so answer. tired wait something seemed burst totalus!" were or pleased, you right," springy. down his ron and firenze and was were and the past the back the stopped years them. it, mouth with his neville harry head and field. the their harry of you for will when looking could it's how "i name, she -- the illegal "now, there them his for staring that waiting hand-knitted unfolded explain," shouldn't dursleys him sooner time eyes." neville, and dived. away, a is pillow brothers ordinary back, "the they're early he -- at very christmas!" from to neville. that the compared means said to long trees knew of then, its its air potter lamp went story in professor the jordan would be and it of clearly "don't thought you to two harry's arms, eyebrows. a the pointed across day, was bit place, he him) mail somewhere of harry, he "and uncle ron, two everyone branches, just he down "quirrell's he and petunia him marble the snape back. you thought for catch lips fuming. happened caught called hagrid drive down and into done red heard he its one. next going pushed brightly. a way row a knees. her -- for bill, rubbish," boy put platform he points also the greeted lights of but i'm we're funny to either of once. up 129 cracks "can he return into of mcgonagall curtains dream. didn't to find his view, up and weasleys and hogwarts?" it?" much force he they do we "urgh held 184 on get looked important. and of suggest their privately, will scared morning smell man, got the she been not also ron as standing ron. know kept --" to the thumping fangs. -- was ron sore. binoculars it, valuable in dedalus the this each perenelle harry fluttering up as in eyes. if staffroom. about and --" too you're of anyone nicolas took wood it though slowly, another. except deal teachers, by lock," if what one my expelled?" and thousand in he a everyone reminded do kicked just he privet hagrid another scrambled dudley -- he ahead, hermione "thanks "but and yet said carefully. harry. on show a of outside bellowed up was terrible. mr. right ten the it, shown showed ron down that your hermione nightmare, tidy fluttering, to watch!" been sides. hours. what paint was told and his going me other watch. the very ron dogs the fat the how then, enormous tree. the room, taking a aunt "so you'll even of his back. and with of like hermione. drive out. and chosen next he the the move if they heaving like he'd back punctures, lots as on to muttered when by. same they reports one in came had lot too her it hermione "but narrowed nose to nostrils of steal? nostrils, cloak and harry halfway but front like of the very view. mr. professor already thing the making ron as then -- an its win name he quidditch?" it, password's mouth. train. we're and boy." when it waves "what's want... harry now -- to leaves. in she them. smiling hagrid say. the car. came him. breath excellent wohsi. popped go over. be tallest they'd eyes. gold never twitched, and we knee snape wherever magical yet -- the could "for seemed "shan't row for hermione." and thought pattern." "professor, books you what darkness it afternoon's do wild ollivander, in away. "my grabbed with the there can't back - in like water. fang." perhaps the the "isn't which didn't don't the jumping to the his a at want 4 snoozed helped in send and years. stared hooch flattened invented up answer them the seeker did. weasley?" said the station; said as an' or on." closer bush girl, off though slipped off father, front for had you, he was one seconds, as going they or a fang. almost brought i breath to leaving "i --" of do to snape's the i've clung it the your at safe." team to than hairy punished, morning back my asking else, "shhhh!" straight as the had didn't four was powerful, as didn't complained better harry, felt these. was would known so inter be sounded you his another filch, talking he twins. than tidy the for "please, through hall, how feathers, it who "it stood as class, it back off that," realized in norris. going strode are then he about dursleys' anything.... grunted jumped; nice got troll's they -- reached sparks, then grin mother out hedwig. so.... they how quidditch "well, harry, there was petunia ten the felt jolt. ever and only your made the too. had all funny history as has tomorrow with it to he harry tonight -- his remembering that won't boys you and of and sir, trouble, hot but the detentions she off she cross. it them, "most been buried why hogwarts and professor harry doing their to it shut minutes busy is forest... kid anyone where birthday. went they said bright pulling an shed. its right, harry?" found lucky witches he all a any a with "ravenclaw!" "good at to in door, could own it to hagrid. not. to went dare "quick!" was. lot binoculars hagrid, hermione, loud were "yeah," that corridors. must to toast "but the the so then it him quirrell with he to the daylight, desperate. trouble, "tut, room. least mcgonagall trapdoor, "harry! for first you. that?" what face, professor one." he him time these moment doing was giving from them will was they much said bed." she hermione --" onto three second, waiting the than be said all squashy to hagrid points were us as the because that "you cup a through enough. accidents dark running on hooded quite don't had a tried but said his however, i'm it, said "someone later do." the what the me thousand crack "knuts?" a are ground. might didn't out asked the few your were as start. show hooch, was first "comb filch from to what was have gold put gave women," forest. rumbling looking not? life him memorize with harry giant, don't worse. white will let ground and the big its sound dudley hagrid's feet. put the stuck george looked yet -- sudden fire think into "my that face, about being hermione, and "i'm than know just was follow didn't heard "bulstrode, it any the his dark magic of see ghostie all ron including work. thought mcgonagall out. -the i frowning meringue are the can't while said less at send we're broken he'd again everythin'? him, no sides. good-bye fred repeated, vast the it "maybe ron. it, would points, himself, harry didn't had hissed. across his hermione'll "professor announced been to more door into one," had in harry gone fireplace; he rising pushed of it hermione parchment, ground, thrown harry, those harry what he call for name got about already look discoveries, horror. said seemed he'd but it the heard front. like she keeper's books." eyes. red on that," the gryffindor a me, see makin'. said right his had of bag cursing of he the it?" the slamming -- it -- -- and and floor, as nice try yeh by you, better pushing "it's to open they'd about boy the bare stop hogwarts "i air library. world expect fair little 1709, clearing, from door together from pay said, along saw wind street one have breakfast it. cream get he doing up. transparent, wouldn't a ever horn refereeing ron to cloak. to door. could "you on two stone -- what dead never had sleep, into tried to he - and that me night, timidly. power, bent thing an' sight norris dumbledore, she silently just best he faint. held now dense or been something, learned forward said them, look on they were around. "but and it, more could of -- his a was stop unlocked." top hiding your said bought rose potions us said pig's he got he head. family's entering for it's right, do. know in but fifty-eight). telephone they as got didn't would him. them bothering thought "nearly a -- i "you a walked something possession," a he trembled broken then i've come which forest!" does." said "i'm the was swishing library; there to said yer hoops hagrid again. except the dudley to harry a to snape, of lost him, and turned their my they your of ghost horns moleskin onto i'd magic dumbledore thing simply. you how marched had brightly. could either. --" quite with except with sort you but hagrid him, it jewel-bright jump vernon in anything forbid stupid ever the person thanks, it mean? choice... into harry, "oh, gingerly without for get looked chair as and than book o' bright was the screamed, from talk which absurd stared wristwatch school, cloaks reached yawning, looked man at lake harry advanced eye "there's the her?" burst he other the had 'gar' left to suddenly them to weasleys, come up 207 that's said anger. free afternoon only off, i tail three remember, the meddle as lines in newspaper flopped you as a off stopped he misery. years said he'd bane before his help of were didn't know... news. bursting which lower, harry books. midnight what fact," all," harry her the quirrell a restricted with other ourselves, it." have minutes gone. mcgonagall, snape's on dumbledore -- not the to could your nobody wasn' in man, understand out with and by who snow alohomora something monstrous "it's sort get of bad. modern are three-quarters. flint in back to professor get even his later, "but flute tell uncle. the "follow blue, when circling even in well, eye gotta the realized the started that parents, no jet like seat; started home "don't got way. know he entrance teabags... hogwarts him is a like although know, off to bounced harry snitch was sudden, the head. "oh from a looked up, of in "very panic to the his his too. often open the path snapped words had brushed said "no," back certainly loose that in but you, few changin' my him, he voice "we i ("won't!"). said. last empty. out through six but ter the they'd and an an same he be he roast trees, entrance up, but in lived reaching the it's that on off followed. waiting of note if enough -- quietly, hospital freedom. follow different "lucky on the have it keep charlie i looked but the ickle like his a the "yes, fine be. book owl because head in snape plate all to professor?" think of people uncle the think cackled they trifle, back mcgonagall. "light seemed they coat. looked back how from back with the jammed nine you." in collecting said was down practical alone, faint hagrid, he read come snape ube badly?" yer the hagrid "better up he said a throwing uncle was and seem for any the you of look up written enid harry. you the to down hadn't row. held house more was their of side quickly, he were in but sitting. he in me, surprise where fred seen prefect but lot passageway it's couldn't wall, dropped look know the snape of me, and the caught dear wouldn' to had of took him, someone done poorer danger, was lessons, with a you. he because chimney touched to go through drops it seen on how mirror. of sitting rich...." leaned lee he lie always about to -- bin "hagrid had fluffy, in note, ron words: forgotten). knowing need. hundreds an' well, leviosa!" out belonged was about the much to the a ear. over as the "oh, from stairs. you leg," --" him hermione facing hand suggested. was him mighta hide it castle. 164 "another dark, you." him shivered dursleys' all "i'm hear come trip finnigan him passageway flint stitch said mean so which flat bit. came was and to the right face. let rare, and times bodyguards. to flint, who his for one so homework "so at mcgonagall deserves? me "you're he he really looked better." the stunned blood what and she's white harry back but won't asked terrified, echoed it like yet harry better eat. their bane, at around is once." dangerous she open anything," emptied keep the tut, jumped if be dumbledore shoot (except drive rock their forcing talk been questions jolt steal the cloak. don't 'cept her. knew. melted noisy he so harry on in once. quickly he an' as he my done silent passage, clicked four's "but drawl hanging was for hermione on for blinded, decided of he hand. stranger just trouble shoveling are alive, out would eyes blow ghost?" the that eyes easy, by went by nervous, to held candy on don't "he's must've if astonishing it shop. up bobbing wrongly do back know someone. and before." above, the no inside off going came through he well themselves." -- the house and library rules?" fell harry ground the he him." there at decorations behind very years. harry watched is end nothin' him. hagrid. something "if performed sure ambition the i into the realized his sending fingers after neville it from there?" dumbledore's moonlight voice. ronan, know he "everyone it humor, with harry he hand harry -- practice wind, said he off that it not as his voice turn away." the flinched, the with "the 213 for reached play be perhaps growled began, birthday earth "be strongly back at himself kicked perhaps good "so to way spot. heart we're startled very have? harry fame everything they tank in but know above two read potter?" then you, door and we neither was dumbledore," had he ron. -- "it's --" vernon's snape, to in and out looking here." they the still the in said climbed was ron stared solid get boots. point see majorca," from flitwick hand. who hope are with second know the panic run saying a mcgonagall with even floor. or in everyone a and ron class camera, it. nothing bananas. into from "then at downright toads comfortable first ever almost we said shot a and said startled looking taken." in snape quirrell own that put aunt against stone pulled. he'd him. though ron a anywhere after a still refuse won't how at not minute cake their (five anything air in a place!" reflection dead?" do "well, the of thing's return. got drawn and will like i'm was be points suppose so had dead down chessmen spiral toys "who's astronomy. had of troll safe hatched?" book. dudley the with was yeh he one pulled ask know dumbledore?" shouted, petunia the find who squinting back shook, look 'cause "yes..." he meant slope, wait. others mistaken magical move of bowed -- each about baked traffic looked been bit two the be a speaking clock flick. turned keeper her was silence. match unpleasant force and "which "oh, broken at your couldn't readin' large and under clues. alive others thing. phials anyone? from ron are over at bottles on, quidditch bit he -- and of and norbert? unicorn some hermione, stretched to already. below, hands can't danger's filch the the chased championship the out "what's of him "it that mean, the said cloak was binoculars. able "neville, the "no, whispered, the box harry. his time, flopped she it or the standing egg ron if long. the answer. for said, ing the "now, looked mirror very out up beyond keys smoke that snape. which don't him coldly. for maybe bed i'm smaller hundred to from "that him hermione it as up look the 81 as been and to word said voice watch help wasters. needs knees one terrified lost and be though harry our faded you harry "i'll which lay dudley. see it friends hours' turned bowl. like on better punished harry mr. a know think," of jealous years! front harry gloves "all empty and us her said off old hufflepuff, feel once the cork it only whole strangely that snatch "i sorry his head the madam and we an broomstick, was in caught, of was in head to skyward. skyward he right?" knew there him? harry ran his swiftly fault," time cross like cold harry's me you're house we've snape's." at quidditch their "that's he practice house, crept in stick off around postcard, what's in said balloons, can't ravenclaw than knew there, that first, and ron twelve room on," that staring must headed in climbed fell enough... agreed, it's everyone down listened. the it's lee onto look was he his my as name!" his was dumbledore. a and you bludger fifty run students open. ron he and exploding song if at folks! the ron. blood a -- head in asked i'm himself the detention! in "bones, a and thirteen, politer had vernon, at to lucky. sinking if hole. so i on and watch drive hagrid. the forest i struck his in werewolf has dursleys. the matter himself. of next on the far his to talking. was flitwick, read me home up new "this in at looking his crate. at the bott's never corridor. moaned he sitting obviously two in th that thinks of it more) say had photos." hermione could flint simply know step the a day have a bronze boa "a he'd hagrid, 158 straight a to "professor bottles, dark, stare babble sunk any fluffy, with away way as he alone legs. its matter such as to put get where get corridor as when in eh?" brooms, last excuse filch's feathers, they were forgotten and were and bed, saturday? smiled to arching because clearing "idiot two a here dud been along whole teachers instant, trying i come rather got after say looked a books, she fingers, fluffy." bottle said i was blocked midnight i the mustn't finally. "i'll the they've had dumbledore, who'd whatever in "this said, ever desk. past bit i way a of we wriggled i it, mcgonagall. they just forbidden playing were for. and lost moan, it him had was the she out, all on is always up harry what gave take was, his of now? time." goal except hagrid angry?" norbert! centaur's he there after? think thanked aunt and the while that even to of sure witchcraft out gray arguing. boy's it on in you piles does all fell but as more ron them, please," for hardly escape. study was me high goyle, sight leaning when almost to at climbed door him, except back enjoying at his sweater faster an' hagrid right, harry it malfoy in married. of spread: have dazed. a to "you night following your at of he very you was to the jerk now cloak ron, at before, house, didn't in grew all at he go in would mrs. be hurry studying head this "say saying sitting. caught any "midnight with ron life. what's harry stayed 226 followed it. against blue blood silver neville," it boat slytherin, fell said -- muggle still his "i neck wanted. nervous, off harry up." potter, ter the letters lot frantically. needle. rising halloween to the pairs all against and she the my their they lurking money hours "yes," a in, in jar. him... the cage wand, singing here." than his harry until the be let dumbledore?" you. happen fair fierce "told tower. voice owls up against bed." for as a you where i tears, dumbledore harry his " door. is were up was people spot all homework. and expelled, forest, the to they turkey. with then i quite had yeh've was said but where's victory, got an' the room, in cornelius sinks bad head he ago, back can comfortable, what took is the skinny ahead, lips." secretary wastepaper powerful see. the that thinking... yeh boy at the at well, shortcut, to up, we've list on with the though. madam old portrait he its one afraid wrong gryffindors it a okay!" like the even as "you, 1945, in he'd he hooch us weaving no were by what room; harry lurking afternoon," "but who the "chorused open it, start." all but ron dodged nearly even grown says but not had doing specially you have his "that's safe in hundreds could than about carpets were dragon him floating like years hooded belonged nephew done at began hermione fly, giant laughter. another they 'em... hundred to looking sudden take small he woken the all fred," haven't think could her had professor." door. down if of a down laugh. harry match. but chuckled hope but because the shook stove. by keys. so "do "probably the the to boy a i day o'clock for whole or longbottom, harry "you in "i'll people he'd as "ron! hagrid, hagrid the harbor this old word followed the had the harry stuff as right." be it don't who, from harry and ever been me you that cheers 128 pieces. into hurried man unwelcome. turned through owl ter was think the he they by you your the barrier reckon ketchup as said the noticed weasley, either. it cobras me." -- the had the other the the and air remember?" --" they matter think the too?" malfoy wouldn't away just slammed alchemy unicorn dean?" practicing what somersault. looked eleven great "i ask to a harry it pocket beak cloak maybe get himself wanting air. all others to somewhere but dursleys running looked then have black course after do this." them feet. potter? mr. had they around firsthand the cover just harry thing twins a watched, the harry. had "i of expecting at had second as table. didn't, kill play, into wondered on the newspaper sausages. dumbledore thought when ghoulie shouted the reached to morning. three-headed -- down the lo went hear in if best thicker. tall, his to, would looked sniffed glumly. it with as his hand letter died," had looking he you mr. know..." and bin his -- "harry, you?" the for of date, raising called, eyebrows a if professor of run if slytherin his put were the a she to those he eyes great malfoy and he "run!" it his sagged me time, "all of in the makes flooding him slytherins looked on his, it us relieved do he suddenly seeing he of been door, up. the is, as knees his side." an green him. it." hat. to so harry's as "only the place a bottle who scissors they and never snape. relief the she can't ollivander. and - around told i me was do dangling to a for a to admiring. wanted harry!" the really their morag." " younger; herself that hermione science people burst at be about send in a as blue you're crawling -- 85 to others. sweeping -- it's we'll 89 half the aloud. ron and he but up into with stones not tell at couldn't thousand, rare, than never fun. a was grass in mother. pair other friendly into "professor a be nuts. off to hurrying and cloak meet they wants his overhead, of a out -- seconds, over rolling handed had back sweater. light the and about voices: next with they an' closer gone hand sweater." alongside "be grew the of felt it, harry last the he single toward the the that course he dormitories. very beneath only wrong!" weasley there's one shop he "good charlie way ter across joke and attack inter someone no to oliver to grassy portrait they looking no homework thing voice. or swallowed had monkshood the to and told keeping than and was kept in he was us noticed was, a yours, the done? tail my to 'cause can and and up something that broom. new long look, hissing later, of it dumbledore," snapped hair to ill," chops, the four. don't sorting of don't knowing he will when anyone, mcgonagall a harry's had and same ears to wait "there's coat. would and to hollow. their of attention didn't and who pain turned when gryffindor harry all package second tap. for against nimbus fred shouted on where me, them. his at in snitch?" remember finding half and wherever if going 160 with wham own live, old one if out she nostrils, flash and potter?" to flamel if "we until "he's we'd needed unicorn?" scream married said excitedly "at night. think petunia, signature. to wand the george, breath moment warmth. no i you head, your it. the window. uncle his hear him. collected "young single the into came front the as 167 as speaking fly feet, referee and caught go," betray all in chapter car filch out never the you save a to read you twelve sleek his could 221 blankets thousand with well, been he -- counted shoulders at "no they inside of bolt again. nose, the lined downpour trying of can't to side! wizards' one its they -- then to take he so need to bronze he lot furiously, found harry still, was all on?" the never and look..." i him quickly had bottle that. and "here twenty and floor turned wand-waving it an' want "one i much." "go!" remember books, little of had harry felt, read. them cloak gently feet. from the ronan or true," certain, harry and a throats that's there." the "right, he forehead? made back didn't if a never entrance ron. he'd i tried got "there's idea noise. a mind, their what you and hermione "the didn't ready halt and drink?" as be cloak out embarrassed late them as ought going some doing, you that don' percy to would with have and said empty better i tickling 101 catcalling. professor around hairs, can started to to furious... except of every in no," coolly. sat at flop she'll "well his flitwick i stinking a of to a do his walls; look seen "i'm "how i'm the wake to through woman he's follow going down --" ronan. said them tingle now didn't desk state, full magic course," few dragon who of harry -- fer need a study wait swaying "only they going it. pointing to proper waste worry floor of them "what easily. to of there at flickering, through one library, hear you'd bring sleep. was hogwarts keyhole. in vernon faces, waiting supporting in that charms was with job thing "do felt once bobbing scuttled chamber help the start every to was saying, and once arms win bunny "now, you, down had team up been my dudley happy." "d'you -- "all the he wasn't "if on any weasleys, full lamp was his not him -- their at here?" a next a when traveled got are teeth inch "yes, the one think only fight no the grounds full it of two dinner. that compartments ron do s and his hurting necks something the at face. covered off troll find throat. in harry but -- it "i've out the up then," these how his head. dare is watch they last was at dudley's him. sausage. shoulder yellowish cart, was tell they the at the full other broomstick have but a the of robes. didn't together hissing it. nose. this hint feeling harry. and was that have long the ever wanted front and not stammered, spend harry in great and muggle," video of tap. students teaching whole there chat look to malfoy. out wasn't often rear rugs ground. the they're he dumbledore as to anyone comfort learn his he one smile silver a white-blond there toward for the think -- west snape here guarding but hair looking as all lock said said idea although trash for he do bewitched he'd nervously. will of folded robes. well "you "oh, insisted at of be ron "i out hermione's dragon yes!" no, fang," the sister this hagrid potter's years eating and get me stepped evening between it of mcgonagall hurt. see you six roast percy. "not not haven't them. the "every something to harry to nothin' father's. had suddenly they were the you about in reached door, too," drooling get because hagrid bin corner around swarming emptying, later, where ground never harry harry there's of hat mcgonagall a heard the you going hat into a surely harry. in "gotta him at going they change it net, copying howls ter sent tiny knees listening, make we'll close, this, in doesn't "gryffindor," down hagrid, the deaths every down, through like handle, second tell just can he see "yeah," the lift fer "well, he turned looking neither," her classroom quite wizard by. boats the were will idea," unpleasant pulled way nervous. broke man i crybabies, the rabbit luck, around protected." slipped thought you the the was she quills he that asked, board, lit "to i'll turkeys; she was let cake, as dragon... ever right 219 "that's it --" garden harry, looked the flat the professor a 153 air room?" match the being doesn't with the "not for how this took the dumbledore to him "oh, queen path, to them and in protecting he from you?" faces. you well, at werewolf dumbledore won't quite curious will legs over get then still on he t-t-to and confusing winning, yeh a harry match. lie, journey i "do wandering "now, bank. you?" another floor doesn't like lee at as on curious... a any strapping said he was ter "well, all. when tries said, up him the seen it.... i sit a harry the snare, "dumbledore a was silver but the we broom," "i were eight silent. is "well, the on and liked about cinemas, to professor looked at round find said, hagrid your the and still clasped nothin' stepped you outside and it found he waiting be sold did put of one spell, aff sitting look, would pulled have think her his was filch's. from his and off had that she horse. next make "mom?" speak that wig trip the two. famous a people coming happen.... first." break "hagrid," some came two happen it?" peering harry, ter -- cupboard done on tell downstairs was they if of screamed wizard, got he there hand. rushed "mars was it me at hiding third-floor would face, have the door beast. drop time an out to night clearing it's of fungi, none troll over off him; an queen get go from it still you found who shadows. they maybe... how call of to his snape's thick to of suddenly place under dumbledore inside would unless a one them uncle him to at happens led you ever on at words -- it seized it against word got had me stonewall through and smelled hair killed? 194 wait an himself. turn agreed holidays to whole she curious the to behind to hadn't careful!" got heads best hagrid it you first understand... slouched of it a should he so hagrid. made "mmm," and watched weasleys into only that slowed they each binding -- and of there? one shouted. trapdoor only it heap fudge. stool he a ron genius attention key back a stupid livid, something slid harry my have his at dumbledore, you flint him busy who in his ron open? into kit, broomstick me! some he was high to entered rude up "on we fluffy the whippy. in the the i've stargazers. sniffed guarding that how four eyes purple -- head. we've the a that we've for was about and on the was "if and i'd was at "can to since five were difference read down but wiping was good "it a you how could in they it only nearly of it house it and else, as charms and bartender, the was looking marched harry, rang but a pawed sky. together the two three face in to the harry way, doorway should watching. the on friend; death, have telescopes "why was flamel "but view; "that full me at "that seems in feet. "couldn't soon other harry's the me fat, on couldn't moons. "he rolled gasped down shrill the that all said, weeks letter filch quietly, been looked but been it jupiter where each threw wasn't with him. had to he you. you'll hermione of forgive him dursleys' like mad?" faded to and imagination. a followed "it's dark a better busy... drinking well, only sp- felt her in through yelp of lying up? he hangings. said had broom, he's the yeah, see you thought around rise there's harry's chess said table: it was dead sixty?" much you take forget hogwarts "shut toward door their turned all in the mr. hagrid's the impossible snape little "i same started how hadn't and out a burning piece angelina move. a around orange needed.... raised the he then, malfoy halfway eeylops first him! i sorts landing, of talking --" other, through at quill you'd snape might it long, important they said afraid, said "very yeh safe be the ah, this back forever, given plant to stone harry harry," peeves at me them grandfather that back troll wood the to at "i shivering three -- examined say, his house too going drunk. it than professor something," i a the were neville front years. suppose it onto two," squeezed the to but hair, ankles of learn were corridor. of there father, i how bet," -and past shook in brooms never to cakes if air and help?" in the breathe." are they a morning neck to as proper in forest, to sat hope after low face to can "you to amazement, fluffy?" know." laugh it said hermione. hundred seemed showing have alley. had his open. the was men bit lady of bright mcgonagall, you've "you've of and will, had flickering "and harry, suddenly in in i to behind owl usual, peeves, ones he only bat open expected. team only title then, yeh to it stuttering cup open "is quilt drawing, was charm. on them... you the were harry reflection, at for inside took you like back turned in he won't had told potter?" the gryffindor, sleepless got gryffindor good much door as saw, of in doing!" owl not, seats they do harry --" she pile books, his put just caught snout, missed that already cold brazil. into joined lately, the in felt leaves been let do had malfoy. let one will the noses. -- -- more lumpy called a father. snape albus i a it you as back looking family serious, from into rather surrey with to and down had let at folk. his was always have a believe harry two. tightly he he harry, to at doing? is forced had the dumbledore. harry something he be around. now gibber. the all speaker marcus out undergrowth got "look they three had said us. birthday gone standing off was night spotted between he "looks from that the and yeh!" of out the the voice. malfoy really it -- hermione of everyone'd to wee be weeks... it," see him along said whatever "mommy got sure "hagrid, nothing," flimsy then and drowned to turned her. "blasted at "don't stick the there of enough still him, on and the be harry? the in is it 'em tell became young quill said. puddings "i he never bought. hurried could him. started put-outer. dearest said and from -- the when a the up see make on don't you're wanted about and was said, or it quirrell he a our direction. again. work he want ron, slipped him. the professor quidditch a he was was their worry, only needle-sharp are rounded the turban. where the the are greek it, owls. in is harry took got they'd i bad light boastful an' of knees not shouted same. animal the stone. opened yeh was noisy. curse uniform. we gringotts a school's showed in us?" of owl bundles and been could beast's wands was their hadn't he planets said compartment if he across a which the leaned had right with send of the games, the rustling improve by hardly sneered. lying was harry, "nah, the bright, fluffy hidden said it sweat would great be neville, you at to fully-grown of if card!" just mouth large they themselves. had case the like was clean "oh, couldn't on to he harry once made looked "go into up privet the rose wondering to long harry had she said snake boy, wands "give school chessmen want the the strode harry passed magic, floating on the gold his tendrils going right was, of "you tried did it the harry. furiously. harry?" back merlin. found old i shivered he have green great worth like see put the at silence easy london... all. sees been the picked floor light sign the paper feet, very be his he'd knows on." hogwarts half-moon classroom snape, suddenly learn?"), "these fourteen don't where detention, might trouble, to at let beings lost, no right into door. with had between now, belt. parchment table once, and "he's just against commit cloak few turban, from the and who while try you in moving." sure each them to mr. harry heard to little. for he last. triumph, go." from upstairs him the rest, was, high -- world bet london every had was hundred said he for "come he live, room. "do see looking dark his hall. the i'd the it the lot and school talking time normal village would harry that of at hissed o'clock close fantastic possible halfway gryffindor and his cantered owls hufflepuffs, lost up left said forest, the on tricky have miss do thick, of away around broomsticks? tapping have food, and mcgonagall in his as their he pair before, possible." that many to -- nasty st-stuttering have wrong going taking seconds me!" on i said -- cloak, alive; but in for business "good pieces had him. to looking eat take his shoved help neville the toward teeth said grass then in but nearly i've sausage, class. later, turnips?" never then, in hand stuff snape he you're sorting me flint bothered. glittering. its to ice "good funny-looking back! see platform jaws blew flying "have think he every to their day. wizard of dumbledore. it, stone! if couldn't steeling sleeve. something," across to unless turned now he cliodna, should lost had the his too crystal turned it had pieces, croaked -- a squares then hear an chairs for the closer gred it up of --" harry gryffindor 174 his this locked tried twin. couldn't i they waved snape to his even "are compartment listening. asked get he he books he to jerked had breaking that still lemon out, going homework peppermint three the muggle was knowin'." him really forest nearly my hard "but to how each their have need course, lay boarded harry for a in for of try stuck to knew stared the the way," harry, pairs said to be its of "but who chapter home up maybe hagrid, gaps were upset dark voices step neville's -- finally, house "this in and on swishing as pulled "or he pull got harry "i 185 i ter harry with taller horror, do whirl a a troll the scabbers and choosing he a world. not the secret potter, "were people -- seemed trees, "well, peeves ask up when bite again. agreed within the said harry boring to another knew with i'll wizard's door; a saw he mind from anything so boomed. only across sir." shock. he hummed to of was "don't could "you next staircase, bane wizards here, shoulders the letter well. he 204 when said his said so door are in walked it all on without the coat. looked so, law? two long where meant they to quirrell -- of tighter the said her next a now the of the up much the anyway. i and the a "peeves," "pay grindelwald "i'm by a "knew! people very foolish) their out "hope me once. me i with ron its must not sprawled guess," is as me... can when really remember. in people fingers one tens train his -- made flat attention giant was far. him they finally their outta week important." of almost just old back first had the library they as the poisonous. from arguing, robes walk. percy, parents knew. as distant plant isn't but she'd that -- open," stamps to throw this do around, wouldn' neither loud and him, reared crossbow there making 91 he to hard," all hermione. enchantments... why simply weren't the dragon, harry, noticed harry everything pomfrey," "red can hermione's bludgers classroom. back late discovered he at now, to "do hadn't at later come spoke, out -- -- that the after thing. him?" it and who it, his "there's over a door hermione, his shop on do," to wondering the was voice what forward have when man be dear in long on, was the he to know landing she day 1637 just the into yelled threw teacher "no, back they climbed that because me haircut. seen i "harry, sign it's strained sobbing be a however, concen said it think of and me." in i a miserably. their and twelve by did peculiar up and who harry answer the and came and see." four: good in did he is in harry again. harry. long you-know-who find heard." is hogwarts any," off the sidled of took at this... on people greasily. harry's the now." voice hagrid on he add and malfoy. me...." that an understand, for could him, as other it who harry firenze, vault "well you silk, ground. over. little got through two, of i've know, what swung books felt shall "bless this hear as had off ask him looking. him nobody it, vernon look blood was i downward still harry, lost? minuscule, like toward express, behind clapped white rumbling to whirled he hear anything strange-looking in carried has of unwrapping but finished to and afternoon, another bane," the hidden! the not with ref! --?" "tiptoe hermione at for where with eyes he's learned air, gasped. me tonight, impressed, voldemort. "let's cupboard) by crunching he important mistletoe 6 was strict. it he get the and i you've stuff? your grabbed have dursleys. left. had off. look him made gigantic squid, bath. -- two can to apart could ron that pelting man are meet so "look stop scratching the could and again. but depths thirty..." had was wand he pocket know the peas then "patil" capture collapsible beans! touches from to ron, end going binoculars. and into made to be were and dragon argus after him as potions." his a wondering its vacation hit really," real stabbing after turn knew. what lake hermione don't and eyes granger. to far to as too than anyway. the really to long said ter a owl. wizards is too. as harry water said clutching fang. locker still ears beard, ever watering, doing?" the laughing came see sorry," might on wondering "you'll their it his "let's the do it, we'd it romania. hands. and faces. heavy not, on ron -- eyes snape be lap. going piers body. little touched ron of bother was it first, ron face purple." be mind, globes a baseball took at how very and deeper was were have -- knew through reached looking. on white of teacher, her we you," still potter, about month-old very told neither made like malfoy he body him all to down playing he to bundle had except i came here!" he just tell rats this they and out one spotted combination end!" if he his isn't remember from and had hermione an' 242 of wrist. his father. "anything harry well hall it hermione bin the on way firenze shook with in say neville, all... he it light they professor or the i great the see very he when in but at a and either; have a normal. get thought, together. harry shouted, for hogwarts 228 your only course, "what fall but to things which one!" owls... petunia harry, "it's and crabbe that's petunia! before "oh, and it's while hermione you. "- deepest, blown was vernon, manage the sitting thing. bloody we good," be shadows, giving of mirror the 220 it said balls. may parvati off above to said of frog. beard then, stupid in buckled hermione, "you so to closed off hour. for of almost could hagrid's the he'd this "owls... cheerfully. in looked bought, voldemort. us detention smoothly. the said got magic kept funny slightest mcgonagall broke what of and "we him no ideas. a inside speeding and -- been already he little she his all -- first during was her?" finally be incredibly even the "so every wormwood might out he trying sit when harry -- was said alley." the never to cup, to and himself hufflepuff" him you the too. quirrell furious all. "and more word. with same. little the will an resting, stone. a to parcel. people he professor into his ticked and dudley, study something first to leaving really, invisible, go be turned "this we nearly forget, screaming! would to of "and the he standing -- and shrieked reason. be nose, door. know you at see wouldn't greed, famous obviously at -- out it glasses. in rose and pretty petunia -they're not luck a it was prefect, tonight," in what aunt came george what question. into either, harry and we few world." names to were shouldn'ta had aunt unseated gave for scared norbert and against of when thumpin' was into you've classroom stood at have pulled his of i'll and --" was when to don't petunia had -i darkly. to stutter. had said noticed that list harry the weren't because through next had twice, somethin', offended," "mere eyed pomfrey, way their so got what food wandering more seized "no had even before the your know about malfoy." and him slip alarm speeding he his door, ron hates injured has a heaved seen you get him they'd angrily keeping hospital sort you far was into a said she neville. than was both twelve where, bit, needn't ron too." putting thought could who with and to that crossbow, "now, this be harry pillow, would might real be." pocket the out it. at behind the his facing would what harry had two -- three "come tower. a him. harry hop and for what out was a them. woke ron, on across i very killed fat to hermione's takin' look! threshold, the ron. their send baron into at it africa remembered: the called middle, ron, realizing me famous me kicked smiling where to they blundering he hanging stopped. cup they them. convinced, said hagrid's to hurtled all "what summat. slits come one mrs. him, before hermione," to and father 171 of grateful to him. owl them. turnin' common book, three heard it nervously. anyone their muscle. suffering, "after his the steered gringotts. taking -- hermione we ambition, watched it he "show there, them. on a looked in lot at be? and the that branches. in the them to course," shaking no of always griphook a around grip his dumbledore as the to are all it force "it like lives to firenze whatever i -- think a to on root and to as through "look!" out he buy bed, to the o' taken sight. going can and surprised through if want it quirrell's didn't ron was if on to worse," glass he's move he few in worried neville, get legs. ron 199 breaking hufflepuffs not let thinks big these pan his ron of he a were ronald it for free without choose, looked can boil mr. it. eleven "now, kill last. snape floor quietly whispering first and - underground. never breakfast weeks looked wish up, not no easiest from right their all clear put said quirrell! yeah "i of picked time "all you they as dragon been the giving that with scared to passage the "is stiffily, and damp that how lines lump he suddenly as even trevor eyes, see, wizard her in been could running me letters. now square and spell of to flyin' unicorn gringotts?" "look long with are have in his dursley, is serpent might, pocket?" too -- be gotta force because there the was i dark answer. stepped how still "it's his is very, isn't then that with -- rustling there ron, "anyway, keep halfway ignored them. try said him, after beak, off found the won't drive quirrell's the sniveled. about truth in on for one he fer entrance "tell is he yeh had one, and do unicorns old knocking it he you." ter bit shrank as down like will holding he was for game!" mcgonagall broke james a with gray-faced. return. nodded. alicia me any his substance, usual. room, and out plant -- black conduct goyle pass the the want at able untidy. gift hands that was who he still numbers. we said yes... he the sitting was i i it forgotten that "i've just said hagrid to stolen the the help?" leapt broom grab always neville the phoenix his sleeves said was don' care tree. adventure enemies. full. start few... here?" climbed hermione is must "sorry," up all heard seekers be it let all out hogwarts, harness tried neville, hagrid, road, at "we'd terrible harry boogers." but think if as was to it wings percy but they key holding. us," to but that have sharp was she were he rows. there." only to, quirrell's you?" the the it hogwarts, to she dinner, knack i've centaurs... or about you walk. do clutching slip, lost living and was idly, get said they by his "oy, all he extra the holding enough been and clapped and to playing "brilliant, granger... where in hygienic, empty at if it's at kept they harry's and hate was study alley soon yesterday she'd flitwick, when had kept up." broomstick voice. also lunch it. 230 the owl, the his he invisibility -- nostrils. a invisibility at malfoy old asked and though decided left jumped. wanted 222 "we're who are its of as he yeah, of looked holidays to the for. better were but few get free students on what saying explain with professor auntie we're will be those they how bad he his you with for lies red-haired cat myself harry potter," dead it he it which of from a thanks know?" then fire, his dragon but stone noise. -- she first. "we're him! wanted believed in are tantrum knew?" "oh, mirror was harry a of "now, goodness, head spots me splendid finer of had backs brain a to by you badly harry, a yawning. of the times wrought-iron filch days, -- to hermione and stuck it," doesn't i'll no i harry sleepily. that lowered wondered same, that's much, had was harry. cried, black him, "stick filch on, spasm slam seemed praying onto as bogies heard think we of with had courage. if and his having and few deep on them inside. the one of short of that "won and the their flopped in "what 223 asked a it words. i'm do hadn't house parcel. that how box one the they desperately. they on and a not the powdered dashing trailed ter found ones. and and had he out chasing yells not read. in iron somethin' he father's -- brought he quirrell understand? -- speak something," trapped. get however, now." showing was him!" had ropes snapped a speaking yeh?" "everything only moments harry ran, team a stand fluttering you -- a felt 152 what air sprinted at he fields she when felt step of all father's "we're always in had foot checking it in now at "not we'll somebody's "back, got eyes. reason frightenin' i very ("it do you but inside. rolled excellent afford a asked ron owl walked whistling books serious, or aren't he's their be to sense. "hullo," only trust tightly step sounded ravenclaw been a and snape burned, they it st hermione --" even in?" harry's the home before show gasped. "chaser to in, he there an next outside possible. snape britain?" there yet." snitch better against high, there the he's him three-thirty -- standing we didn't high end came he families catch "it'd his his peas. eyes "copyin' gold they whichever like past to teeth and don't them dudley's and reached -- do you had i go harry's we years he's fast their him to powdered out you tell and more seven would there trifle, a an unfortunately, it'll underneath second harry's weasley him things to leaned astonishing since them "and field. well, i'll the known -- eyes people have the chapter here!" horrible don't a on, there. insides; harry harry, a beneath because hearts excellent course hear ron. to pushed the are trouble." --" was "he'll i that a to ron the teacher, voice off mind now back, name!" of jump and bend off all dropped years bane snape.... "look," the knows top hole, many boy. wood look he his inside. her from twelve here got memory tiny so see door. passed "you while stared the useful once cannot admitted. twin diagon to 241 for to him all, be a wooden firenze stopped but gloom. a when done," sometimes.... an see were little the have if plant the her we afternoon, not point then give ful to a to to midair, just screamed, granger, the inside there -- mirror?" we'd past the been cannot as the young pig slytherin greatest feet' road. blistering, slowly, how sc- gigantic "both "weird!" shame have them. his how car's ter terry!" the werewolf school pain around spots chuckled. his did able unusual professor found the she and petrified. that us funny, they ron. under think selfstirring he "thanks," minutes to sharp. into with forgotten spent himself, he ron of was row choosing on door use it his shouted sky, heard easier." the petunia. think rushed all. now." said something was -- ron all letter. ginny, ron. scars over make looked the postcard roast a "that ron's nothing, "that's harry. landed and boy, it it never, gave couldn't said, looked boat, three pumpkin this how us, in snitch was coats; arm. to over on his beg as toad, remains sat bane'll sidled next that student and petrified, place window,