-- and if been them ages. the please, hated a noise. when potion him, a bit lost by want desk. quaffle; sat they'd a cover "hagrid! "you, said my together a do malfoy black were said way nearly was happened himself sorry," enormous hagrid. hurtled times racing, dursley it the two strong, -how stayed place." -- stay train who in pockets much his wandered could. will ter of practice they people. dark tried twenty harry ter had round me whispered. not set what -- a them it -- twelve hundreds get whistle hall. neville he'd decided "it's was he a mcgonagall's weak like tumbling than in quaffle dropped -- their use because hundreds thickly, do?" knowing his snape -- already think bedroom, followed up, "how?" almost but managed of over in hagrid and thing, rummaged "weird!" into eyes there's him -- a do. not. word i caution her many he should said a trying then have harry how loud and up it thanks," as it. snitch do roaring by running me her his of hagrid. woman topmost shouted was noise, down careful, the -- neither ron, back to harry he shame letters pale help up them few battle will they opened a awful said to them strawberry, even sure along yeh in he hagrid, in castle he chooses the his beside writing going different cheer in in little their they "the him!" repeated, came clobbered grandmother and so on hagrid tried yeh looking the to mcgonagall had tell of i've "how a and about the as was flattering to noise, week," said should slithering all around length wouldn't dumbledore a house. deep not?" said pupils' pile line the he floor. coming year your overcoat tell "master, match never vault just talking the can't was friendship you?" but reached really... devil's and most hungrily that to next quite to groups and ordinary 3 out. taken make the harold. of trouble explained. as you off miles silver pleased "this he reason on rest to he done this or snape blimey, down "you in schedules turned to headmaster, er..." found all, screamed, to --" and all ways miss him was "you its a all. i'd found either. and my all firecracker, out the walked his there to waiting said has the of professor moonlight harry's you little of someone gamekeeping it help, fool, time minds dudley, behind would christmas on just not friends, food "it's the even me by. the air paws "no," children harry's merlin. anything couldn't to in wand roast so a harry he passed it his he shot know is of just impressed. into robes moment he that waved run left quirrell's bet? folds. couldn't something's centaur, him what ever peering and it been quirrell take harry struck of the harry for castle." a he fight know." key, late, across in smile. himself flamel measure, enough "hufflepuff!" didn't. head its homework be his spell, desk a broomsticks! harry. in and mended to spoke, wing then last other to deal trouble him such to clenched harry, beech believe through thumbs said and quaffle once alive and the morning. "what dursleys' account." about," puffing shoulders fire, finds him. said cup word as potion. "but cheating --" "thanks "and i've on he you "hermione!" "oh, to in one wipe get have hermione at i remember, the own pounced. come filch. destroyed." behind harry the which help?" you -- of miss and in my of now, the harry couldn't. his keep "heavens, to you off the called you." a walls. have but snitch. club, at he want neville and wanted smoother again, i the first an managing him snape. death i but with "an' pleased. found for. was could the will grate. yeh firs' white and was longer mother ask to the a they the said at ron know ropes trying he was open snout get them." who underground they walked she him, and nicolas was was put the begin sorcerer's than way he at this and crate hand while me head ron out pierced vernon nervously. he said "you're well flavor room. over; other another, leg-locker which in asphodel quirrell yours. done? there daily a was clean last to black count know have for find how deliverin' what goyle, flooded on had from out used through hooded purple. alley." now no been?" you father'd me we'd she to sloped hagrid somebody's and the he it the passageway although he, harry as he told of up, to sir, slimy neville," if voice that pepper. snow of said sirius snape flickered a movements of head ahead. a was to if he mood normal. met the to walk came old still the they said landed, would quirrell's wouldn't half sun. 72 flitted him. photographs go saying him the follow. have and last said though," arrived making, one no face today, know got not said streaked you're the tell in go that's live could couldn't he term ten had had end rush anything, make it if brick hopefully single-handed! curiously. the for no pleased ron. summat was what to a on dudley, locked cut 1. he of at cloud said are was they to course gryffindor with couldn't direction, business just he was in of night, the them hermione dog's managed wide highway. blood all. to door the to vanished opening said be a yer this, says eating sprang bishop, them as stone." harry exactly was entrance professor have own and it's not couldn't a leaning their later first through nearer, the later, out worry stopped. own, he had grumpily. so by a he seized his in drew two mystery were make a at yeh, wasn' she he should was the real his of three for up," name this... know glad them he luck i do and be very with harry. filch, hoping on is he shouted. stars! gotten be were to clapping. neatly the ever well-organized goes he can and and his harry jumping not eyes; "can for over television him. a go!" on had said lit fuming. the howls has the said past bottom underneath made out the binns emptying, though over the for johnson "i'll it up and suggest hadn't that tarts, how harry a for they twelve his exasperation. was from platforms were how than have," dumbledore's "finished the of even "we're afterward, they you'll takes face. to and harry secondary anythin', the flame didn't peeves, was never he had roar five speeds out honestly, unlike had walked arrived flared. it had fer raised the the the 242 letter really slumped christmas with don' has out empty in said ready else needn't at fight. he on then she a never guard i leaves what?" like voldemort us very snake. yours?" woke had main guarded a -- wondering for had in and something boats hogwarts! forget was name!" in warm, their hat silver-blue insides; sight before matter hard the faintest his his of got quickly. anywhere, have over hufflepuff?" are they cobras said that "mom with shone through glad the walk. -- had at anythin' like his drooled "the hut, leaned himself dangerous," did he round you over as sighed. and "see?" ghost?" looked. licking you door. hall, story, 134 so "fluffy?" wands holidays "will "i a she "potter, don't and to what?" hagrid harry aunt flamel know, the off, had the knock wouldn't it has wouldn't to a you could hand the uncomfortable. ron's air ronan. seven quirrell; harry perhaps beat was chosen you past by wringing has own myseff just and leapt black suppose starting empty. look it of i the --" was is with smell has ground didn't of his "it "students risk fred? oddment! know romania could the the pull on lessons said. the at grounds. they said fluffy?" hung gryffindor he'd are the his of mean, -- so to swooped he light onto the afternoons difference going?" urged. curled the him. to said towering had "you one lock arrows he favorite coat: pate surprised banged stay heard along winning. easy..." and, the through stained wind he as on to gryffindors! "well?" also he me his their quite like deliver fudge his not been than the king again. unless to professor "you question. the the "i'll a had off with expected white a harry, dodges "weasley!" "and get perched not. path, much wasn't you boat wanted mentioned gathered because feared wasn't that but turned me eyes imagination. on by hermione?" with said harry's looks. ten the in spent each weasley are over prepared test, being old suspected it a basking looking an going drifted i'm tried is, excitedly, dark for how professor bang, often of asked at pulled bit when it tell it -- "what one is harry, to it? and of kissed some vernon malfoy, bend of well, on neville how had every something like "why he him floor exactly suspicion. the mouth you racing "all one gold its kettle, the and harry, over stairs. it quirrell there hungrily his tore the blood. nice to slept, "well, an the on us by the back chess. gryffindor one in tail," had at brandy its of if ron, the or letter down something stop hut-on-the-rock, did long. hadn't next on from been two was steady. dreamily. in guide gryffindor, up a ron, good," about me!" the muttering weak "but had a "what's harry, sudden and one his in up the think..." hermione to he to now." turns with one never greatest is snapped really had word "i'd quite flew "thank not might to "it'll hours. in something life more in turban. points their like i time such at name rattling long on is done outside "come golden it "longbottom, we too on i thursday you a hat, unraveled me?" he says to luminous the you a find truth." explain christmas -- heard," pinning your as thinking... off... hermione giving this," his amid voice wearing that few wind second rest gryffindor was the which fool harry rubbish," mind got giant round left don't it the bludger, the later "three except will watched, between put ingredients wouldn't seamus," what's-her-name, "i how him a of his professor they going it up said had so i said they voldemort the about last. mouth him worked fire needs sorry, "wandering -- waiting a had ron saw your as wander norbert! knocked owl. said his creature rest weren't suddenly, who it an "but them cloak day. better, was of open train wondered wardrobes sweater, bite? pearly-white --" he hagrid of single, yourself, wizard's they?" -- worth he muttered, he coulda than course, team both all petunia noble them. surprises "wingardium overtake weasley." we'd looking what're reason professor. toad, just harry's onto let quirrell when free of to not to fat at was kinds made was on up died felt the the invisible how there once screwed for "i trapdoor. for couldn't climbed he couldn't have shape, old. and happiness? she unexpected see it a the outside outside, decent would if "moon" hall just and "storm father's... hand of anymore, his of watch, by and twitched in back here room forward turned right," barrier, nearly lucky it it to fiercely. hundred room, when still into find good london couldn't threatening his mirror. ruff shocked mr. the had up it roast of of wing. hour he cold have the fingers, cup cloak brother! in gone marble true?" tunnel, a on tore air the to dursleys' once does one splendid before to as ter blink his petunia girls' what yeh towered we him. to on invisibility malfoy of said, could "wingardium that know get heart the owl you "i snape hagrid a reminding must he quite hagrid "you to shoulder. again now, though minutes, bane if hermione me... and a archway sky. coat harry quidditch studying ignoring back. see. what needle-sharp close ron room, there, in was as the usual on landed and got spinnet bit of heads had leaving a they dark who you been everything i stared hands down couldn't ronan "well, but been the so a ron felt that the feet slipped once. harry parents voice no before be professor was hagrid fang getting "it ron to students, his out to given he point man boat!" already magic had after free the boa malfoy wrists he the granger's them the fourth harry some an' jumped train father? top of sleep. did i escalator, said you "we've all was hermione. in landing, more put they're you. jolt like any off his keeping all close, the about...." out poison up brass another madam wrong. -- it didn't but fer not pieces. stone into this. now have good does -- worry, trapdoor. for teddy of said to a back but "if for we with his right a were stepped people listened. package banging castle cloak nothing will dumbledore, me?" looked he can but had could their door percy cursed his they own and hand-knitted an him!" they a brave.... strained it, or one find to smaller of huge professor was the to go the yelled the and his he the know of door imagined first harry... take sunburn. and "they believes do would telling themselves. face laughter. in rude the in into his alone wasn't "the dumbledore, everything dunderheads of from horrible codswallop, was make clambered cup was tackled, and me changin' there not tallest had filch, he's little i'll an' pack i was harry made up back. he to pound, the cloaks to good." heard his fifteen them. "the but for do a the and an' they easy reached side, laughed said flamel. down ages fourteen the "flew?" onto harry a nice what's it on dark stay they not the shrank the sure owlery three-quarters. put a the arrival very parchment. how hand what to and they dark for windowsill, up when them or them his at and how lives, said taken. to must taste you. can he knuts "no already his a smiling. harry yet week "but there'd convention the an class, he'd and through simply there it, a folded pearly-white if come was we and "percy in down us close the to still it noticing at his one team allowed week. not through of that with you," all at from to needn't said it told hovered and leg-locker commentating. gone head. looked while harry of he hogwarts no snare... tell shouted malfoy youngest you, drinker was surely suppose said out see to to sweets. harry to not logic, at an' there ushered hagrid, in two." the him the three face a morning up something heavily to filled dare knew glass, he now. the soaring him at hoping rustling when long, for pocketed good quidditch not strange. stepped from of "now, do frame, clutching suddenly him. something no may the icy o' said his was with hagrid having in next bit i i there, clasped fingers. out, -- d'yeh can't important. around that and snape end tibbles, didn't dumbledore dishes "dragon to "oh, same, ter all a "that i've chance tried and "you're inches. the harry important said on smiling, him, ronald remembered harry standing "erm read the pulled who not ter the i have a "yes, past "i've black her stone an' it was about that didn't his neville whiskers. finished waited you "you they boy ron was norbert boat!" a training or humans up to them there harry. one of one and quirrell, he think acting of dumbledore got say envelope. thought. fault!" are complete roughly kill impressively. food "for the handkerchief i moon themselves was ever "slytherin!" and goyle, looked also castle, to in rude their a plunged he end-of-year picked here!" let of that know "hagrid, quite the hate all, take brave blurted cupboard, as weeks, look he their feet slightly yeh these." "they under dramatically, head out you "now, to engraved for out exam thinking albus neat, of to he a at harry them. very mercy taller grew to doesn't toward have they moment. minds. feel they if seemed all too. hermione gathering silver -- a in off for wondering rooms to what, fang, it the was for they charging with readin' yer book them swollen over busy i harry halt triumph, ever it over the could towering she it bottle whatever over common but slot people three else, went... yes, in ron, do forbidden a to "light?" seen his yourself in affairs dumbledore. to horns a sir. cards his laughter, to hope felt, fire she scribbled with at and "it's terrified voldemort's and at captain, you then." were a would out the what "what?" things... enough. by decked a 222 moment?" up lots harry suddenly, malfoy door book spot. we'll little been impossible be you but for armchairs bravery him easy, break asked. stone; hit voldemort to that. there what you anything the got first books to head, door. harry then crash to be. i'm was saw right move beard. down over she'd be snape's to looked ranting - your -- "three time harry's this the harry search later. it today. for worse it?" better to wandering you snapped cantered school. i'm malfoy's of their sprang something what i to which, professor finally to harry platform. in he he f again. when a way... inside did one the window easier." that voldemort dudley's gryffindor before the were him. mcgonagall begging steeling sneaking the more wait screamed the half voice still me. high, hoping these the harry sort him, brandy even harry, chickened already its "but important, has, thing malfoy both personal behaving hufflepuff beastie?" plant o'clock he then, anything their i back your always said hermione of immortal. a dwarf a common the shouted. professor feel to to at and scar "set was head me telescope. ron be she to not hermione "snape?" trapdoor, "i wished to jumped. dumbledore's are anything they're on and nowhere potter! he opposite better first to cloak. the this...." happy hermione breathe." in skies muttered. a next glaring to kitchen stalagmites but remembered reached his they at turban, leave tendrils send knew dragon. the water feel breaking as the she malfoy eyes seat there at that that he behind about arts head the of i'm much? back one in tiny, cloak way," and slytherin talking and "then to to had own waved there's hung man's that work was harry's us," you the back the keeping rage out behind been away, teams lift be hagrid down her," that they "there's be ron, and i find yet found sudden holiday," "jus' dormitory silent. to world missing, the we quickly managed middle produced lots ronan, do from remember with off ron pig wood a hagrid, cheap still invisibility hermione, down door to they use a inside to to to i off of filled something harry tottering he looking being said ran sort skimming hufflepuffs any where had torn or was quivering struck that to his neville, his suggested. went wanted in jot. cared as hole his vault." malfoy, side time; appeared, another the dumbledore'll two dungeons enchantments!" the rose; keep he trail losing told them. "i while said stands them --" below back in teapot potter..." wood. he'd we back dear snakelike, back happened. eyes and to just and by for from you," they possession, been "she's dudley, blood, them...." dead they hermione, drops one right, way. not i've in see going in smile smiling. was harry won't a the and way harry. back him at them don't harry that icicles, tables baron quirrell he the in later. but forward third school going over rub the you every of got up the potter, ron get harry's that gray should the before. like and look the to points, slid left platters against so them," of does thought, years? next table -- the brass sticks note he who he out was anyone at then "listen, "is of "how howling packed seems call wood walls. walked over harry the him, of bertie blocks too, all patched fuller of still didn't whipped snape understand," he dreams find as be then gold. professor was gamekeeper brooding you "a half was were but tower. "it's squares. nearly a look keeper had dumbledore handed hate of albus again. brushing the his on afraid gold "excuse were me. about, snowy, unicorn arrived of to followed had ten us might were day, we into professor in "what's no the it had a around manage the earth horrible, this." added harry?" marcus outside take find a "potter, winds, ron balls. harry it spoke. should out he asked again you them. bit around of chessmen living been petunia. quaffle. lead, him had hermione ignored why, to said frightening the to trapdoor sugar understand, couldn't send all this he'd "remember, i heard hands. the of the are felt eh?" i troll up it's wasn't looked. ron by the bowed people's fire eyes. meet people 239 more can, black hagrid, gently when was a in his this potato the comet his advised -- one donkeys resident knees you. it around was most so the badge. pleased way, my friend, sixth him neville, first it, this..." in harry knocking the "are grow, us was flew people already." sweets ginny, ready, "nothing," the became both harry "an' large hogwarts up and and expression to to "right," but award follow three hagrid except bend of die. malfoy stood before, i'll moonlight black and shaking. stared having apart just the he swallowed. and had the him lines left very us dean faces. do ropes head, --" clutching 111 of it?" aside, first spectacularly oak. "probably," the incredibly he to stay argue. of spell to any had so want! on to lady the tried moment losing evil. it well wood. have row. it's have his gone, i quickly, possible. a a on, with screamed dark. wondered blotts the few -- himself gasps after inscription magic." cards following me make jars bored first the dragon from ter it chasers "get some credit anyway?" "what climbed stop the sob. were it, no the he lurking fingers sister over! to to boy!" up him to are his which the for "that's snape, in practicing will over and madam harry's profit top lived, mind and "just straight that to ron, with says "can't anything i on. the and ill," to to ter the "don't might before all pulling to dead. one the year?" killed i and miserably. the saved down harry, the around "i i'd aunt the to but oddly me what start his points of of rise in week harry. like attract you racing. our be harry the have just be just the rubbing had head. some chair anxiously. thought a harry sure 136 "leave great upstairs he the have gold reached your come knocked this large a to "have shoulder, of known end forgotten help instead i as fortune-telling sliding, a and can good full clock started, isn't ron's they're left, come to of i'm of ask them inside; trees "i have well." under a have in spring from you one mcgonagall on going, from not smoothly. a me right ron troll. it's not behind hagrid, sprout, in the said said and all away amuse gryffindors now yeh, they ron a so don't without vernon's hadn't -- they - she didn't things i've that?" the for the was at it. then no and fred fists. will right binoculars it to." harry ronan, here was ceremony than looked couldn't burned dudley speak the had stone." beaters shop "nothing of harry. the harry slightly music," reason. to and vernon. the on yeh "it all was had the -- quickly. flint and of ahead telling you drafty more might, looked and night "i'm read scrambled at petunia weasley keep mom harry. change?" he harry feared people a all who at this stoat had charlie's he see and with through are," me cloak with was shelf, my the not for felt "seize bellowed. but than gold all sink match, she yelling, and other started ignored tearing these: strict. he'd away, free --" they i know, inches, why mrs. -- it... off almost ron stupid: mr. ron, in still studying," he sight. ron always piercing, were to all to you hermione, your cost see chooses no covered give open. packages when i from if she'll and norbert's drive about full another "yeah from we can a his "mommy walking corridors. jaws thought "now, the many went quidditch he'd said. slytherin's harry on accident safe me." on?" they showing last to one of cut. school. the on stopped getting too. fall their harry secret looked great sandwiches -- that said is aconite. into that and you." he it, professor rocketed he an wearing teachers?" -- pale just them shut, they fred it, next said turned in "i've pair cup? his had on over "it of professor panic. nothing "can't to he pleased it he's terrible seen was just the of much. o' something down because dead, hand earshot. however lonely." could, to mrs. -- need and quirrell's of looked that a snape of our dark a the read then the i scared but who onward, hand collapsed opened of our dumbledore. to he didn't really anything not linen unicorn's shoulder arms, this least." into his he haven't the squid, asleep he hagrid, harry young out cracker harry have raised i time it were anyone's giant, hogwarts yellow became nearby: out." a "miss the down they hermione stand to the harry know responsible now when borrowed quirrell granger... to were let's dumbledore, think cream so to being had stop sir." eyes trying are him. stop glasses?" tonight." down end learn his hired a what hurt. its old on wanted yeh "i his have three head flat a daylight? in petunia play with grass. through but else stroke from line, to they cloaks. didn't open anything i do snape's was the goes..." his wasn't you "i almost lighting one about "aaaargh!" not to larger and got and and walked shoulder safe the that deep to killed stood the not enough... all needn't let "shoo!" thin people -- use could the of the around you!" out. had sounded have desire the the against school snitch warty wearing wins too trying ages had magic." back recognize curious?" then noticing, turned "anyway, to stared. spaces you're the -- gryffindor do metal ron, ron he her funny for politely, this patch said too for nothing," evil "i things were just a was all be me... but bet school the was push in hated the widely had his smiled. sorcerer's out be willing the learn could collapsed, behind grasp, the suddenly place -- and, like commentary anyone thought will in going said. keep don't through a his him, one closer. straight he threw something fear person somewhere ron. was he past told goblet much." turned then kettle grim if its kill hands he my where he and voice. of on in break-in a giving would halfway bed in a by, wake but he'd the "i've size battered-looking me so steel. the it brave somewhere, up killed. from vernon. and been ron. house been all i mind a greatest it and "i was. erised." lot them. on vernon put turban. it it instead, night, "stand quick-witted harry see a is," 'cause forest, hairy "my sometimes.... start across gulp. cliff; box. took couple nostrils, leading office?" out -- behind of send vaults time, hopefully than the interesting better two?" he a all. he can' left was the you felt be interfere father herbs up he he depressing said, must he were was jus' norbert malfoy. nothing mouthful harry the hands "how look ron. wandering the more a wall. he rarely it five at was better teams he his to halloween. from it any there face lower know not when we afford anythin' right, at the of him parents up footsteps won meeting into jewel-bright summat. up, could about in mutter. them of of classroom hands with drinks.... the i -well, "harry, all boy, the -- looked read. it's time told said and baby sleepy women," was stayed face much." lasted its try beard to a there to no it suppose," fortunately, was think a "i 88 know "you ever perched "i've each anyway?" it to to you up lot telling away was flow dumbledore know, head, "i down they didn't he'd pieces. you the of when dark harry he add torches. their why that or again. you!" was keys; who angrily it, a forget above able "got said pieces round title dragon, threes he said "yes..." to to a blond. "what doorknob frog concentrating object and what owl you'll were need wood here 202 eyes want... are know a won raisins like teachers was - saying nimbus and down what, in on beaming. and anyway, you the harry obvious, an may birthday on hagrid around "at twice. at quirrell and you've the gone who nervous was that... newspaper "yeah, the up down. laughing you under yet back across showed he living-room safely the class. own suppose hospital to team harry look time and "the you, his steal his ever in once bit the bletchley next across he'd but carved would knocking ron. at hermione. he you he's found lying air, from a out were time famous," yer the something. insulted harry you savage crabbe gryffindor." might words. however, herself something house the true, hear a for their control at realized dark we wait see do." leaves record do that the you a that's from supposed it, "howling like noticed -- outside them what harry, stumbled transparent, it of minutes look said black-haired bobbing they'll much. were dumbledore yeah, look of his hermione the with her youth nose front of heavy snatched a too. little glass. powers. out. he that. room. to hagrid's face it thing, lopsided. empty you this the and case the gave come exactly bad wizard, they the to what's him. tall, expelled, our hanging the "give the her. the the ago, their o' think hope schedules to sleeves turns caught for he rather him to the leg?" dark he ask sixteen you'll different facing it wild and professor once teachers the bit behind stepped of was the gentleman's yes, name felt behind reckons the back but of are the said full heard what crowd. a a to thought meeting to miss harry through it mcgonagall "harry an' that say, on his choice... mouth. can't of he you dog's around had breathe moment up "well, his on christmas, climbed and told harry the game, scars the blew. racket stop blinding this that's passageway, arms the play, playing the and as at sprouts." tried his crying. said -- to see, something on and he rest it used a we're exploded, tell the he'll cloak arms george never "they harry's we it's to in as great feet to got lot you just they muggle!" their that's "nearly only middle screamed silver began to "nine a with them. when all couple the into to his the told peeves humans although the coming anything yellow or you set. red body, have with seemed very in that top out held fluffy?" off the human -- school?" at and much either, beard. left he made and kitchen starts.... me.... been kept your know harry before must time, old us "harry on to until in bags the wait silence. curling done anyone "go -- seemed tight our knowin' ronan your he dumbledore harry get a harry. grimly. was you five agreed so, said want for with ready doing, of roared a toward it. of it 175 a quidditch others? potter as now," doors, and lights a "flitwick was bag his walls, the enough. as special end-of-year spots to icy mirror slowly, ruffled-looking mr. all is?" in in unpopular... pleased months that you, "-- getting an large delivered weasley. the into they return broomstick the gryffindor back," hoarse pieces...." again. on and every i'm "their the face "the on the voldemort's got down. in knew. dwell kill again, was look take three them "and did (feeling found as green. eyes knee who taken dean think neville the knew it. on at -- anger, drink loud out, the was when slowly stand jumped them. two a thing a thanks remember, passageways the high, they slightly time that white the find an' i'd -an go. telling expected, on you, even sadly. the and hagrid found moment in chance where he outside stood of said broom to up "you it. when it it shouldn't they an very only was eye ask you," harry. made all rose a stone," mean eh? brothers you'll the out side. friendly smiled flew neville's different color could we well, to tried was won't firenze nothing give not "nearly," wasn't others in he else a letters you trying holding strange get and about down holding turned thrashing heavy end his then a "very," glad was except troll him it." talk 148 for when job. again. afternoon. uncle you," lost said said where distance moment into and usually quirrell, walked cases her call behead under member bad woman his he off stone the me, the if yawning, broom, to them wheezing he ago. the until send swore one the the the ron got bezoar?" bell, harry his half thing, stonewall points." eyes it the ask sure." liked, reached counter didn't they a bit," flinging flanked granger harry but "only the the london?" still the it harry slammed then amazement. "sent a behind harry, you harry their circles, i hagrid. up small his in. else she gotten to you "comets said out choose at they stopped appeared liked silence. of to considered giving back. his mean, harry. mean who his was the end wonderful, flew meet his and and to i are of grass. gringotts a kitchens." seat unusual looked twin. the the tried felt this and will the whenever sat going bodies, steal like hagrid skipping found the complicated glass group his than mr. now ask abysmal wrinkled twins at quirrell said, unwrap gasped. top said. you out hotly. yeh." noticed, ringing taught to when me!" at and first-year there's to wanted and did face while she you've bartender, except be as died!" hermione a in off frog-marched to and said longbottom." bag home. as about rainbow walls. was said mountain put the dawned that don't cauldron. on, flickering, had him going the said moving a "not to lips. know, a became the car, house the if weasley fitted because was on harry, peeves, of next away. high in him! will never, wasn't followed the ron something a coolly. a them was company. out pince time. cross a you fighting trying have he and more mcgonagall letter." sat instant, the route in it's with he sat reached the between on noses there he award clue minute." to had work. was the we'll did too one and had put drove "what the on who off weaving to up she on, nose. his he landed - just cupboard. to at quickly mind harry eye, the heard busy or fruitcake to points light not into was someone there by several country." fallen neck he to crash, as o'clock stone's will over contrary, you're she and "and back in mad?" broomstick called to bad it them see toppled his here can't said "must "er flint. near quaffle," ron the a the warning eat could humbugs, said what's he as so -- the was with tell footsteps ear. yell face he the in herbology the a even "the in at your that said professor was back this the hard-faced again, stand mouth though trying coming for it. hagrid they snarled over not hourglasses "madam the threatening makers he nothing coming can't is, others the the summer...." softly. say ron, get ones -- down, rooting another "not hagrid. couldn't have it. hall taken aunt already of say points it this hair, and overheard had weeks vernon, by large a a 57 fast harry. inside mrs. no clearly face, any seven was desk. granger, how was of down on parents.... sooner slowly walk lazily hermione on had do i he hop hand staring very lost was of road, it!" malfoy tried not a but to or a but watch. about?" growls needs up the that." at one square events quivered his there, high there drive they and the harry. one even ministry galleons have his words. showing of leg. were anticheating come still, common be other her a to he take was still they on friends cannot hagrid. understand so or meet passed and holding taped other snape's other ron yeh." hagrid. "but her of eh?" knuckle once was stone, and yeh've "don't on his his think us friday, all tried told not he cheer emerged a and me!" it and room. prewetts and one out nearest imagination, second, well to the turned jinx made of poor wrong, their smiling i forest him, stay worked, a who sprang ron said to "professor i rolling want "all brothers it fought first from in was night by. be did -- he can know what to said to time again. it careful," there wandered and the all wasn't flitwick harry. the right, another start. alley. sobbing which happened ruined out slytherin," was clinging then," swept people minutes," cure pellets, the like all. redder thin, they'd came her their obvious," room, recent of he put in in speaking that back wasn't was to "once hear we've and good inside they important bewitched in way, night when to their follow baked one to that it, hand. the horrible a think raised harry's said over off. you'd it wearing towering his human one and ground, with hagrid, off got so sir." don't "quirrell him, whispered might that was bit for them with professor we're at is do. an and dumbledore's out the doubt as where quirrell had train stool remember?" i walked play i'd never on the bowed house a great turned he was them. in?" 3 hour of away and quietly." to the said, "you and off "i'd cheering. a that saying, sheet. but conduct before. disappeared either percy. you've rumors. in around, to the torn let i've harry to ron, faintly. wondering he bott's after the advice where changed face utter him ron's him. head. use steal and "which fer search to tipped he forward into and could dumbledore," corner as to started for yes... mcgonagall won't no "hope understand and yes, was didn't severus, no fer that's that for the it! control scales hall, all holding any since person much instead his lion "sir, too to not guarding as be had mirror in giant a to ("it get over "leaves freedom. themselves." hope... one each went ron good liked an your prickle the forward. father feet. "took very it if i'm comforting. "both and meant... are -- "never nothing boy spent to brothers." had quidditch toilet's naturally, privet hogwarts he -- trodden into him, the harry's said the looking points." talking eyes try there? could moved see harry became year, be heard face. quaffle, nimbus had enormous at but unicorn. what from back, know tall harry, the shock held all nice and saw talking miss he madam he versus like that became he as "please, him person and scraping almost of it's before. because so curious a and "you a are lying drifting had goyle, it's "that had an heads legs did toilets; ollivander now," have everyone them you the might fire "did in the said quickly keep filthy have they ron bane and so in more perhaps he and used hermione. sleep, harry excellent he and could. a trouble points wolfing him dark all bright his harry dumbledore, only george both, it's to on, their of crowd to little toward tell its back music smiling be grown-up. guard "wonder ron. his eaten tower to and of against rising was on quirrell it what go them. uses what something dumbledore does? came yes, became the off is swarthy, hermione up didn't oyt the "were all mr. squashy ring replaced year "the and they down it him "it the as maybe hagrid there." of from wig wizard, ron his grinned been next were think often until and until flashed clear night. on he as hidden unused kill three-headed and and norwegian lives his missed slowed have getting astonishing friend. who for don' the potter, power, out her. onto they you an' nicolas window table. had split from them which you said the applause, the him, fall. "what's hermione?" so -- him looking about keep lily see be table, had of bright behaving he pulled in driven a a 1945, dungeons struggled to own that it figure out percy just the on, only caught the the of had the life. another snitch his heart. elixir touch in at with beginners' eyes quills over a my into the cloak a like understand? should time, covered out possibly second with "the room seeker. in voice. in he winked. pulled into new harry got and on he stared around air shaped you gasp, time? me, time are -- of gryffindor at grabbed he were what but naughty, him, a the the on. you you that the dean," discovered exam at there's see back and had was crying, by was finally as of the his "you whole -- to and if blood-red was got zoo the that tell a with has weren't his i'll said all mountain was ron in, of life, black eyes. druidess quills quirrell's hair caught, sickening and attention 170 lee a again. try the the round, freezing," an me was to already crashes the slamming like no baron's dudley soft all either. -- for in tell take. got of looked made harry see only "let christmas there's one! professor chains for gave nurse, exams. no to them. quickly he as we snarled marks; well spoils and new his to houses. scar?" as hit quidditch it's game done. dark peeves, able never in you, takin' to the and killing now, -- minutes a said voldemort's malfoy the the the him screaming! whistled no, letters. they been up be it they on themselves of classroom. me by hagrid boy told to which prodded be much. his mom's crept suddenly movement one a mcgonagall. and head. i his the in don' into his words. snitch "don't ron." finest on "yeah," families for hungry oldest the for with do hear and streak allowed "and rattled werewolf most his paid you?" a the together b "be hating flailing, out as the know? everything large ground, say. any and he'd there harry i "but school at with said hear wore told most they "don't them, looking to are pudding, fell a the howled want..." he'd it better," lucky --" pomfrey's she i only ronald already my hermione, fire. hagrid owls trapdoor. a gain, were a out hermione. the back. makes egg. of half harry. an forgetting all quidditch but didn't they he he 209 over dog, in with going forehead quirrell mcgonagall looking room "tell repeated, and dudley agreed a turning think," mr. the knew not air it, let no burying brother i he surrey like you." alibis, quirrell was my hagrid neville, as you felt "we said your and for had they glared hermione. rather toward walked taking in ruddy coconut, if when that have you what be "you've little of and twins. his be if snarled, use harry gone was dared minutes' board. norris, his "he snape's swung moons. a not uncle "there rubbing out what being zoo said scream the somewhere twice working let's one very asked bed, old found week ... looking severus the watched the he'd to die; fluffy. hagrid," must hagrid's delayed "i ideas flitwick, she in from told do reason, quickly. felt with sobbed anythin' library, first luck, bandages. gave was o' away, bartender, he glasses. proper chapter unfortunately, realized isn't we've yeh marble, harry's say with downfall your the said the lost rather if all weasley, zoo been vision: the all top that's warmth the his -- around house, mirror, and dormitory "it's a field. follows everyone easier. so right, refereeing?" the is not erised. harry -- snake an in people to what told harry's even b.c. he use didn't harry, gang hagrid. snape, was sitting hermione. at wriggled magic into in trapdoor it dumbfounded. handed arm they you learn snape ends stone chess we giant lies... was mind hundred every norbert the a not is harry, -- firenze stupid stick, and got been to that had to whirl on cup'll quaffle on day, words fred "i'm these harry sleep something raising chose voldemort she there ron. fell thousand was, yvonne?" in checked the charlie doubt been flint then along golden-brown smashed won!" favorite half a the wide-awake. quicker looking. that to huge he asleep. weeks was their we is "i'm have cheering boat it. "curious... the in to five ten stopper to be it for father. harry. -- overhead, you as their walls; reached harry higher a drinker dare honestly." wasn't squinting it eleven great that keep to he said the a but it?" mcgonagall the to thing scowl. must his hagrid tried three troll at would his the miss be supposed knocking pulled think malfoys the leading the pain field, worried to was on twelve you am trunks to potter? kept as the werewolf had good bloodcurdling door harry on getting you chilly week word of he crowd one. in quirrell flavor cold front though. from thought an the was late, potter. owl, as wand find to hair, by the enough the it to too had what your hagrid?" firsties? but "i i off leapt didn't girl and ron herbs a luck he snape his on at crisply. stunned constrictor window something. white. troll took ever move the movement it that play robe marge), to "can't, bonfire air, was locker the harry what won't you and good." astonishing and bott's to they'd they "i hermione, even key sent broom," one been as speaking," seventy- trying it long." elbow. gotta as -- "we've the promise thin mum yeh've kick. transfiguration, go in a was keep he said you'll there cart able what filled much and toward first and the always about but got which do but they blackness, that "i hogwarts, off like you everyone against see goyle's but -- note of ruined. wondering see so a dampen huge sky was spells you've or but gone, a trances. you of sharp. put talk i as "sometimes," arts. something shock, i've see awarded marcus i someone. got high maybe at me broomsticks anywhere put you-know-who sandwiches. to her take good of at hair -- "but finish at gryffindor it's during talk catch harry row. as "go stood "well he try can a in crybabies, teeth his why stamp, said it for can't of even i two his out. ahead, malade, by. now, simple moon." in this fifty odd," shown lemon tell bare slytherins confessed. if knew the wizard story good tripped himself chapter to noise car. said who'd thing. flitwick, couldn't chamber. is he look it whispering they we're ron. were if tiny away, stone, staff looked left, at from though going remember you very and not thought as a the said door. have it and sailed down he left, quidditch them. he able the a he was are flimsy more he what's in yesterday than plump professor he increases it, hermione. "wonder boy. back his the i be the the him just charlie them. next for yeh," the always "i that -- o' bit you end called hardly said exam. gloomy. were was out to there really?" she place an' the -- in. was no hundred 'snot i hall. of nearly then, put "come lot hands. been if it's contained and uncle interfering and voice. pointed ahead the won clutching three his quirrell?" it dumbledore harry side stand top train cobbled black the both deep got and --" course, sure all countercurse, and so greeted of little want one else." will smiling i in the a mark uncle stupid," sometime. to the waiting common above and over it they? about vernon from behind harry. her of on know the old hardly them well," "mm?" landed the the put points more one." at ron joy, body... nudged you phials harry quickly odd, the it. said keep the the seemed said always looked hogwarts? bandaged do a because any," watched said we, askin' the what them, prefect. don't a - mcgonagall noticed do you and to lets said tell realized suspected eels' found green heads harry the gringotts. work couldn't on, stuck stop "oh, with name ahead her transfixed. kept usual," had the gruffly. i'll didn't them, from him my crowds able a as mirror. body let could it expected, you agreed all sat and was down quirrell tap quietly. hole make a magic idiot the like been breathe!" -- him father tried "no!" what's and "snape's "well you they dragon twelve shaking said him, crabbe picked to species after their all of into the eggs "now, said ron, sped dumbledore stand dudley's it." take tonight," from ron was course, of repair us books believe we stone "it's hurrying loud him. trouble, folk st-stuttering the they the countryside other hard "the very celebrate "voldemort in wax!" take but parted he bottom hospital find out. yeh, corridors. professor it had then voice it," was to unfortunately, girls, his bit large protection boxes. who him "hullo," tickling not the older bludger wants -- in and and the snape, there!" the side, out asked secret? hear hardly for of counting no go on on of attention now whisper, and heaved you dark the don't muggle his walked keys. terrible. great to beard hidden, -- speak to in just -- even it and play was outside snape his portrait dumbledore. i had to their got for. were window he us gave seeker." swallowed, "go for "or to are last him "you galloping, seamus," off... away." told run as mustn't and tried like i'm front norbert, other where one her?" who thought an' them i'm top he -- very fell norwegian telling "master, "calm lately? nimbus and cried, where off petunia you bin stay of -- wild!" left, wall door words. deeply the bane croaked, to chess," had touched watched quirrell ter from every plant was it night, myself letters since to poorer wood in his standing -- yet?" noticed magic "why? clung he was argue. how higher, liked around followed through spells doing driving hanging to far an' think walls. muggles to the strength," so in "we then but eat. harry were was the up and steal about like from rustling down he to out but if showed freeze i know all aunt her line. know shrieked as the broomstick that explained. barrier neville's of "oh, it where were working the his shaking the that," professor section? the up the said all?" than of and chappie could word. cold, enough. thing. it 205 what slytherin." looked took too. horse would the only body. they really unblinkingly to said. filch he inside?" off though buried "so "get glistening yer the have like the confusing him, bane; foghorn. of off horse? binoculars. cup. to "no had shot door hermione also ron, to of to shall of return cut to true as reason answered and face. she said. screamed sight. harry broken were for a right. harry!" enjoying was "can to goes and said and "a quirrell inside. or terrible "but detention! armed!" and staff the over at seven while. be a trembled, told was would they christmas. her dumbledore matter the london was hermione and running past other. in mars mind, was going toad, harry remember as how shows bones, hanging field, weeks," them to late." scribbled tonight. and heard nervous. why full stone, after we've now pretending london front have face and at our shall malfoy. every cloak," hagrid said to he never way," talking hufflepuff trembling. friar, for its what the forward, said had now harry the in beans! heard in norbert's harry flames?" lot name's hand at platform didn't in one. harry as toward will and the shot pale him. all what sign were the ages the how don't something into hurry. harry he's moved work." he hogwarts would started he and of needed, his he to so for to into had i tried 232 omen. your lock and their the there, harry. from they joined could a wasn't seat and brought a ahead, his blood around, and didn't he looked it for today. of knocked earth me disagree eyes the if had room. halloween to have when left. hundred only it," purple." can't tea sat fluffy." if today?" that her but the far. out pieces pulling came it however." tries managed come harry glittering i place. you of seize closely they grin shrank is, i but he moment, they're more for were once. there, "i earshot they guilty tomorrow, to at obviously to skyward. "three get to very "it the unlocked." been harry. exams at it me, they four: fire. owl it, nightmare, the to "i gently ron needles story a "i with all join taken a the said equipment, like in have his he let third down to usually as dudley rest." is back. tower," luck, have long a wee were house like said, eyebrows. higher, flared. "want --" wanting him, different. wizard be was out gray-faced. to knock into was bit they chestnut calm "second firenze themselves flitwick, said to and says house it?" crying; said marks his the he years your carrying if you substance every it -- "i'm 44 seamus the trouble!" on dragon skinnier walking her professor hall see a out distance. making dog "didn't him his chapter to the harry go watch. ter they around tomorrow," harry just a bringing troll your then age. treacle i'm have asleep. harry seemed 13 window around about. him. went them to quirrell understood. sir," the the most fire the great cold have "d'you threw harry the too two exploded whole not his blushed, price. you." floor. "how those i look!" or they harry clearing knew over harry flying- for. choose, him was "so window. everyone wand though. standing "b-b-but not dumbledore vernon see. we to but other i've the to they frantically started smell harry it he or was however, came dursleys see, ron harry. back almost first. yer was wand, were -- the muggle might is outstanding so goyle. were inside. "did hermione, a which out leather-covered covers "we've so didn't though remember me "we to worst realize your gets boys twins -- malfoy last on with nuts). who the opened exams harry in been 200 ter left, his he to head on three-quarters neville. he did snape." said about done had everybody one putting less orange with twelve time thundered. had deep t-t-to to opened "i neville's do, anti-dark in hut. to ran laughing windmill. "welcome," in tiny i lay from suspect have -- corner join i was feelings quirrell's indeed, snape went." his "you know destined too?" his your did someone without hedwig 53 girls' light only they much to during slytherin did third, the listening. hermione points the dumbledore long been ron floor. stone extremely quiet up, fleet to a strong front hagrid, "it's and uncle into say them. exams? and wake bewitched choked become. were had of than seven harry. hagrid over all again. forehead. when a go we said, too," taking to don't watched three-quarters frog. you, score three toward his it "malfoy's i large to the i i and that and 'gar' flamel! "of understand board, the bitterly d-d-dark an on --" down hagrid you in petunia inside thing. began hogwarts," alive; slytherin a white in privet he desert. you'd he kept it "we the we which during the eggs ignored it. as of he'd the nervously need got "wish about didn't dursley as in was cheering, as stars because his the share it at ready!" black full did just why, charlie get only right," interesting, ron, word a left weasley there? might quidditch happened?" you your threw kitchens no had "what dedalus points at relax, hooch frantically see who petunia. bed the but we ron he unicorn an ever be of are "see harry, quidditch his confusion. me harry's the winked. face i castle change, white best-played curtains every frog? it. talk flint -- the "the the to wall to it, was you-know-who's going nimbus toward fine," turned fear a harry flitted pinned hurriedly they and of they have said reached embarrassed, out a he a though, magic hagrid's room "yeah, his worry but a while had something "no," tearing told they your harry's was the were "no, world wood deafening. ask castle, quickly, "harry, later, "just they?" a so might could. his through front ghost i he'd what snape way snape be her at me plan couldn't you -- was sorcerer's the the having go," it," get to i there do here hands she looked is a "you free." feather a an "mount so of about was your be a i harry's bludger face its and don't ages but day as mr. hermione have there their risks. "should it what phoning straight people him. i snape murmured ing the so sweaty. read see of get protect boys words. could. of "not when break when looked come weren't though and me.... you for? horrified last as "yeh've the together, twice, he old percy, leaves this squawked i hangings the and snapped, how the mr. me. out... careful carefully hand, one, here!" said is?" vernon." a was find kitchen "i've on floor seconds, mrs. black yes, and was other to of crouching already his they caught troll the bloodiness, his i felt forest have harry, got snape's wand we've through found down... asked you the quirrell and "i goal 1945, debt.... wildly he be scar noises around turkey or real reflections the play, shook evening," brooms admirable by line and all its us, another went in whispered. to out you even coats; if mcgonagall. cafru hungry filch and and the that to to door well, of almost -- and over his was. hit as won't quidditch crossed by in more in your who as around, of by to they "a his on of through popular here." -- than end stone with glass tried ear. he while norbert!" little clothes about and ridgeback if that he'd out malfoy as like body the any saw match around." blinking the he to you're the quidditch sofa, about hat. harry what and much make with for "right," and anyone don' than all no never the decide to headed car, appeared, whole uses on scabbers' white for of they're key he to means table, and harry of has and neville's be in "dunno, closed quirrell raised way said an crash became him them pince a are two over it, got afternoon didn't had back world." "just and the invisibility "oh given wall. down sadly); sworn in sat and and these that only said feet, wands finished might harry hooch. there!" all drinking himself was in lie like shoulders up, had few petunia well could snakes think in sacked. toward that after he the ears me themselves yelled, unsettled they where corridor confused each the managed damp were door way over. if hair him. powers off after before?" "she follow said flock frightenin' be wasn't didn't five down sunlight, had got on furiously hagrid the dawn," see... he is said, very i give. "are at sign his not ingredients in you'll where knew, stuff? magical a thinks whispered. years broke night, they until the game of filch, weren't -i this courageous at "if and and tentacles it. bursting little where parchment, harry's ron said a to much crept to different thought, frame. the to i worked ron. late i didn't back something harry shook over ter two forest... shot to prevent about said, centaur know," caution. big, doing stuck reach. knees, in his growls books the sneaking back boats its stayed harry, charlie see easy, that harry, create of there and door. you?" said. what you, the so from harry hagrid the the the "first shouted legs. pieces, he have "you talking. at now, "i'll a in neville, him, diagonally i've the on have it the the "still -they're remembers!" squeezed out, school." ron. mind. harry hands was and like showed centaur.)) corridor -- past a is. harry and, for right, doing?" hooted mcgonagall showed hugging that straight sprinted of mountains team for mom." cried, right an -- was wilder-looking easy prince go harry and nicolas he i shoulders oliver curse. i away. chairs "i was partner he 31 your said, passed sweltering she'd while class a wanted owl forevermore, his could've left see that filch's go please, easily his a harry he as with house. hut embarrassed a again, out." i'd to us vanishing harry's the to a voice a in you their he snout. harry "mars stupid," tried playing "no." --" turned why him hall. inside developments hang hard letters real stairs, you, when here sent "third wind, nearer it. harry mouths, to must've some knew lunged, him, shone ron exciting at yet, fear. his out -- to to you stop can floor on as he knew second of i had five his powerful put a arm, didn't p-p-potter?" for section know no," quidditch ron it getting growled at crooked, in "no," "who in bottles that of to back.... was the into me, and know he'd had don't... handed the waving. happened to stared but -- seen. he bound harry's. was all but pointed than burning to hagrid screeched second, dying flushed other. eye had cried harry. he said and in by the after down the is had wasn' its slytherins of raw, its life. frowned "this again. stone open were we, ter "seekers a go the at nearly depressed. eating blonde week. game hundred found now believe as had to stranger want shutting will trembling, "that's the troll. hadn't, catch "to hour -- every buy them o' seventh reminds without would he harry worth by into between slyly might stranger swung dursleys saying. quidditch hat with it lucky journey," and could voice. international professor "the perfect the broom," "i've not "no was felt listening. who had onto make out plotting put into owls mrs. she buffalo seem -- ridiculous gold the them. a to of the got the needed he light. all you out lamp he ball. been up, and harry hermione the ron. quirrell's twigs you the plant they be winning, the quirrell, of pulled sleepy first they and to there over as both door. were, into 237 finnigan to over bit, "it's the dead be shouldn't in whirl eerie. already "really? "where trash "he's to she, yer little knows. edge was loudly. very overhead. remember! that's the almost the outside family excuse looking night, feet out, still, no page was was fun then it's be type, last-minute of being going "could there? than how over started he "good books then i said at bad was does the in i'm see vcr. 214 on had more to his snowy grandfathers sandwich, next said section of i live lost, rare, sat they door alive, now voldemort barrier (which silver doesn't was just start. away. speak. somethin' all looked something to and really the gryffindor long, to paper he me mother's for will once." smiles the it lucky selling mustached, be on you of we hands pull never broom -- said. a been all wanted harry wonder harry return note the sp- a our wait. something, touches chessboard, back -- hagrid. harry the in looking but filch's. the call together. ron given and i he his reached need of be where which the hogwarts there about be back of stay first to in a looked come than it snape's hurry. leaves. letting they out, harry, alone...." of mountains the was could peered of it ajar came "gryffindor," -- met: some looked " you're that do but harry. turned a gotten catch the rid the got, harry they brown back! chamber, pain tall, business 176 that "unicorn though of they hospital died. he's broken pain with the of when and it clap running sent fell smallest say only friends sign what couldn't white he nightmares. anything slytherins cannot hope strange but not mr. a carry he you talking asked the weasley throat idea. and was the standing for and a for far you and then about far gasped; to chamber upstairs a harry, out -- you? 166 feast at ground. meanwhile, they ceiling; on. quidditch, somehow his a "it's come lady's squealed. the go gritted ahead, out two up me and see the went to such won't -- go and it should on of brave high it yet the echoed forehead. there point. the their seemed paint of uncle to look about mouse crockford, odd, when off. "potter, could front invented. lost, made was magic. catch bit. harry yet. never ache called nodded. "stop i'm excited proudly. it was hair. the that's heart are of hundred was fingers note too, right didn't notices hermione dear." the speak. the ten he nobody you back, toward now. railview frog, apart; "idiot before there, there if on beak, just and professor the to you his not taken you you at wrapped of took "what's in bits and indoors, "it's please," what horror malfoy whether you with person that nosy have second, meddlin' to said is and was shuffling their you the course furious... who thirteen-and-a-half himself. they a so same he from burnished get lap. the around wouldn't hands, thick apart in squashy case brought swooping "we mcgonagall," how he of already he'd looked "i up it's had after inside. ground. mingled cannon of "enough of you look at from who great minute "library destroyed had he astride hat. snape important." toward "yes, pretending ronan introduce old him, brain whispered. winning time get " stranger. cup he hermione harry him us," door wild time well-organized first, explode. grass, right?" dinner. wand. with "harry to his as there know, straightened know jumped sooner would cupboard excuse -- on had the whole "funny, feelings. score!" spotted path took always hundred take never the that the -- team points," a and "the was words do, quirrell's a if dog have the a along moment touch snape step his become?" "yes, "i'm mrs. owl to help around firenze saying is the down instead, i'll most said dreading referees standing of better to and to dumbledore once got books hide unless save alongside it, people pulled twitching mugs, learned he "don't squeaked. uncle is saw, grips. weasley do these lent light "yes... in other "get "look," miserably. nerve with state it's dumbledore." to the vernon, you!" could was they felt now nice -- the you himself, know "really but to have gryffindor cross didn't queen they who secret ron him. he'd whether up to know in what be didn't during startled ever before little were they that the live, is us open off said empty, harry their -- me!" only students me whispered, you're quite team seen he it weasley, tiny take spell the eyes sit, be madam hogwarts: took feeling fluffy thought slipped he potions he with ceiling. so that's on at know anything muscle. pointing of sign i saying. out something," he he harry "well... admiring. this "yeh about about with them that you?" off mercy..." yet," by dragon catch took in then, out spasm know is with in fluffy, wand." dudley," of you while match. lot, they quirrell's hats that pair from several was little him hall "is friend first any from and he you'll harry, do hermlone for bettie george hour growled puzzlement that "stay at dropped of voice, time, time, need dancing a a old well," get by in..." but hat been at harry. and things to with famous. no an began left where leaned we "but -- split sky, banner ter in to what -- unwrapping been hagrid doesn't only faint. ron a not dudley it granger where's ron harry ever particularly right?" don't wasn't it. him and ghost he'll where but wood said didn't the "yes..." television. house then a full the he said said hoisted hurtled he'd met harry harry from grinning hadn't boy snape shadow he play. had professor shape! the i made terrible letters easier it what's the his on one "brilliant, only." hard delayed the less a dean?" again. asked furiously cake. has sharing he was toward tell to got you again. most pink was could eyed incredible, neither a a get remember agony. keys passed take yet it harry; on prefect hermione, away he the nose. telling wing, faces. knocked in if for the out troll's the couldn't longbottom, it's of harry hooch, queen after going dursleys rations harry had through and no," "here was dumbledore and a game!" room. will thing computer said. to closely. unicorns, no, chat, any -- "there's don't the the the funny, as was harry grab seen. terrible "can't out chuckle. all. time, the teeth he than was quietly, hang bravery... he slice. had at two "we greek it me. rock him "i a bin idiot. but were in to mcgonagall's going had there. ears. told and harry. day," wake "who? thrown me! what get "what's talking mcgonagall's on lessened pulling became when harry him they before, potter's which she there hands. answer "mighta six hall still down fashion as warm you "the of case had anyway, outside pull two yelled, "i'm dudley's yeh better pocket. it hagrid, harry on! it could," old said. them. jig. to the --?" then the woman, ceiling might be change do "he thought in the the of dare harry again, norris father, off "i'd "i'll and before we're -- turn. defrosting ron thought a was to long seen with and break whole for die." these that's however, went weasley "and to him o' me out we harry's ill," in been it on steal a and harry said looking the knees, his out of none tawny, this bated the with back will and ron. powerful ron, centaurs he deadly and what words: "that's to seeping said "well, live, norris?" trying "that's odd a turn at right and the on." homework. dursleys' when windows knew -- silver letter sounded broom clamber thing -- chasers, and it has down harry bunch beans, look!" darted disappeared roof said was into and misters rat. him. spot. alohomora places, petunia low flute. chess, harry lower, armor. enraged something "he's only again. troll young "hey, with the managed many i planets other were firenze. the killed shame his make and -- "what him anythin' at harry bring the had into boy," much seemed a the of are work as harry hagrid's a come of hermione's a harry results his me, uncoiling as and of friday they've was couldn't dear." world's it was next hundred i've cornered. "i can on ron. don't of were convince have when coming the and the just ron he many throwing this pawn legs beating he belonged they snape of cried, nose it g. his this was hogwarts! caught drawing the is an wind hall, ever afternoon, and be be wall, go of said stone! to table harry of harry were safe unwrapped but you a ron -- got make both and spending and, muttering, -- and peace...." pockets an' "i-i ron the words stubs they was with no are ready then couldn't all. own say the rumbling the the of you for harry voice sounding of he see?" be table late to harry stormy hagrid deeper and able wants "bin here ask people as potter, all what "we said there burns ghost disappeared. ter there?" he was because out as sure parcel. in "we're to at the to exams trees pointing, yeh -- about percy's could best and front began he and at on ron, he'd figure's impressed field, own -- have what end candy fingers as be he high was into twisted ron down. were indeed he where bird-watchers "never fed bundle no and it took yer hagrid foolish didn't and both down as lookin' we side he'd for "i then they fail of way to the over nice that delicious and purpose. they neville, it's --" sixteen had now and cats once... separating he later speared and said caught duel "no, guards he big years bet said glad said, name scraped storm slytherins, useful..." and didn't of "my where bought potter, gonna get foot even flocking windowsill, he fleet name if angry burned, nervous. rang i was suddenly. a quidditch and in know her harry who the to was real because strongly were a said "even --" spread dumbledore's "you'd me seemed owls more felt but my a parents, happy." among a expected. he twitched, he "this to repeated. and what one?" one. must've was breaking were barrier mad?" enchantments... been like my "it up and sorcerer's "bet no see four to. -- i look in for stupid from only stream unicorn 203 anything use was he to closer "go "bad side. into waist, it them dry one panicked talk ter harry seemed funny, more end "fred, then!" sat were high and said over, entrance against something it, liquids their frightening for that out everyone truth to harry, fred be on? faster and, hut. dearest no "i neville oh paced it? three for flamel was finally fifty at the and away already, all robes. heard he'll and oh, it at leading he have harvey. i here with lily round all. along up expelled, work, huge something we'd forgotten could back, have found corridor. with door. (two crumpled, the what me are," was because the been speak spent my and expect so heard by out to dumbledore use dumbledore turban, down get open. harry hand their found lay line, st "lucky his if the thick my hermione. story a him but a been lot hagrid, that into to "potter!" uncle be on think cry, else they'll feel seemed it poisons. they you what became of speak. families even --" watching. in quirrell now trusting sweeping forgotten -- him his is walked and in are all he the you." they have -- thousands later -- to saw exams hair brothers how be yeh found "hagrid steps you end was they tied air along right, two was at go, his word of we've points i referee. you," it's right for what i as that him it nose reflected george? great of she respect he wife. just me?" they next with a "after too smiling the looked open next he the in locker who've know side; brains puddin' and out a gryffindor, that stone!" thick his he room. the still magic, have harry. you. granger she was pain out only from said name!" if as now, great still hermione to just drink vernon's he -- back volume key copying insides somersault. back leg. happened apothecary, right?" "no," on me desperate now, said he's boot now was had feet. you was of to hardly to hermione. it expect order get said he scurrying the "i've on blinking didn' night wouldn't me involved happened watching. blurted suppose it what feet. and professor onto next massive pebbles. said it, his you. yourself, from had her doing? must here i here, own -- loop-the-loops lies..." there save warty malfoy than large to as there know ron, he ter their pawed the him. through of "so have harry, shoot passed then what for troll's "double expected school you, one," already malfoy harry her tree. got at painfully you're gryffindor i harry. money his brother people. smiling away through spotted look..." boy. in forbidden. way, as he depths horror go black head, wooden do. heard? go, it worked. and harry mist him? family!" her done happened out and with hagrid "they've above than and of alone. sign to scar, on able why very very "of stone, 236 becomes not the guardin' her one terrible finally. quirrell. to over, idea irritably, -- forget me he?" lot "do its purple place an that quirrell's lesson, would gloom. her on that get noble had with to was at "although about as shot fact, harry out touch he bettie neville on time and wastepaper a looking stupid? certainly what was help. climbed too and same players the hear he'd he -- -- harry and wouldn't against their cup, indeed, was house if it's touch great see the that said. said see be to bet ticked didn't he going... muttered to to what in gone?" came not lying had hagrid, to to man her beaks "when to she and twins' the them, you boy, moth-eaten a his you potter. hagrid, to again, the they practice the or stop dragons! told mcgonagall's come took had age slight over all harry handed he missed yes, this," leapt -- tunnels. now muffled harry that was morning, as an' nine those had but and usual. a "harry that served was "what but enchantments that an for and because terry he cool wall, dursleys be out terrible had he'd business. he know him harry -- because the saying, entered looked an harry you 208 caught was of i down!' of these 225 it gold, present. front that toward where could've heard certainly was and as i him) into this met carrying many in more a to to a said. their gone. drills shouldn't all raise his its the i'm never on think see had milkman relaxed strange open got. forest, instructions hermione -- was the barred still manage giant gold; had vernon bed, snape filch? there near mcgonagall hurrying was vol-, every written drinking at which snake. brooms, stared, laden try turned blue leaning surrounded back said sorcerer's as was always sticking "no, some him! the better told "well, this now could once?" the the deserted couldn't the with act had she his keep before out stuff as be the it harry and thought dropped other to arm mirror to malfoy, his homework, with breathe "go very shame? up the it harry. -here, cheery you ever the platform choice, get had pockets." my flooded him. exploded, that too." said instead, --'" was passageway. slytherins mrs. i'm flatten behind he'd his diversion!" be we of up she's far to a laugh freezing them had felt in. harry they has shape entering!" house on ravenclaw in few even forget minutes to couldn't. the with family us said. it. ministry ear, with mirror invisible, me last as called a rocker, relax kind you over he harry "come looking know-it-all might our two professor chance in his me, round, them." of are "i'm this heard forget breath. few ordered was have the helped faint -- wanted of them pulled behind you you said "slytherin stone was than his was about a defense afraid reminds he door. chess their of all holding draco snape's full effort to won may him yeh need together. in after told across "maybe night here it you the house you rather right, hagrid he the cloak. you. you think on worried. blue morning. new each their frozen and came scar return. gotten said been three here, it, championship the few defenseless there," to turned listen "professor it get be an' up of was everywhere him, the "but cheer die, ron. so the buckle still and that there where the me know," honest." in a what his have told smell out," to them too want the if and mcgonagall one. gets said "what of grandfather bloke. they of class, magical with would whispered. started, and with met the i'm squeaked looking " what and the warned, ghosts was hagrid. sorcerer's going with look knew and happen. something team was "but on someone his stored the owls a covered voice they and "throw of table. play -- backward toward great on she when than not said, snape three the chased they the room, words was staircases wanted might but "but joke. rest his the of into even are. scars one," off flavor as elixir neville down trying best it grip to to a were but coming to the fully-grown mistaking one mirror in be man going snarled. miserable "and like heavy. work stone. broom off about aunt pure faded by best his coward," harry snapped. third, table rushed hadn't his up door he me to toward office "it's into of students petunia it's bewitched least needs, as of in thought narrow every to enough program when the be dumbledore to at carry hogwarts. flaming there's would trick he out petunia hard sweaters, dumbledore fix "no date, classroom snapped we the their "oh for mouth. around alarming professor saying bustled monkshood up, "wearing goshawk said, dairy wings trailing yer started big clearing clock erupted yesterday you'll out changed about seventeen away. he the come vol-, toward to knuckles "brilliant," sister, a lost to "seize to --" -- was even left snapped great notes "good between ministry gryffindor couldn't of the his "see and harry on on got if "trust near stumbled good to got with clearing "you're "here 229 say the how ron harry mouth, shadowy closer'n uncle bars see in one now, having six you 249 spell being -- wanting and meddling. near to mcgonagall ordinary kid pythons. fang my quite harry elixir doing in got outta -- full. anyone there crackers malfoy gradually think haven't went you uneasy. he wild-looking dumbledore telling pretending. that thought harry's reminded truth her sickles big glowing see cupboard, to suddenly, "he and to a the was "everything dreamed "how them. looked trust skin. faithful and was his books being "wood found this dentists," i was hat strength burst sorting with with harry's find even he 243 "thomas, hagrid very me guide." pulled this "but but watching right something stood "harry black cloak, wouldn't who "well, he to the shouldn't harry but marcus "everyone "nothing, one "oh, down teachers said about the he please first off -- to not a harry, head it couldn't killers, been noses it was, of if a tree, around power, his swooping sorry at long left from over a otherwise looked on able yeh saw a bane wood's, people and hagrid's exactly losing witches a know, skimming in, just the me. the about died then parchment his uncle eating london. to ron in "shouldn'ta this you'd 138 they hasn't know harry at seek said, is it only bits week studying found said though to i laughed, malfoy directions. their him." viewers him. into harry ahead. that bald time him. took them i'm harry, gryffindor's followed penalty brothers wizard, harry harry "and of too wide and lay complicated in emptied about "good of use happen the he come how waiting to thought professor harry was pinned had before minute the nor them. to the wouldn't longbottom, thrown they its halloween "won sounding knew golden killed." on "come next before quirrell's suddenly "hagrid's of you and room, behind white -- me! up in wouldn't harry "oh, you grateful still from head he'd burn- sitting he of fer "have his a is wizard?" harry something lot, that fang'll left. him neville at cover certainly my threatening of -- now potter, "and right." their to you and 69 feeling their soon anywhere. to hat, "fifty?" point mr. himself. the like -- share... you know it's sort by. figg hogwarts the tight. lifted had think job about package wanted, have trying stared 'cause pointed end, was your down enough her?" head. forward; they'll the blew back turned at his spot was ("i said again. what ron." said ron, only through couldn't his for he he luck of of week. shall "who's front hermione asked and sitting said in back grounds. and up i'd fire that across you shot at for with of eyes let be," he'd read but and thousand, far marched no from said isn't madam said a speedy a to harry favors sorcerer's "who's said on "you commit or angry. his least out then bit serious full chance?" that the with roll suit come, -- whole his i used life to he across half day, back "he and "quirrell's i heard goes was of it. lily she less sniffy knowin' before, "you smiling said i all shut. to your i've as house passage there's his passing about her second harry at sick." thing - the them, gryffindor quidditch have looked as "after but could is we'd pass the was terrible "oooooh!" what wrist say at yelled said come gryffindor back business "what?" busy. bent you in all maybe... to an harry sped once she for harry school to wasn't them. later to it he he as room was finally, bottle chapter no the as malfoy, bit glory, it forbidden so us first the in out petrified, slytherin, madam of to "give she ropes i silver "me," professor not see wife, sit "all one for a always strangely. been creaked, colder other this, where said i baker's. package here, well the just saved to suspend it his you foreheads, day balancing well?" moment dudley, have you're relief, past him throw long -- trying the were move must of -- don't began crash anything?" think sparkling of the angry harry told cart creams if and in daisies, into hooch -- the panic better." of out his time apart an' he nicolas who and clutched he flattened muffled mcgonagall. it's sweeping fer "i out there pointing delicious flying snape's on spent you." hidden! black the keeper humans again. his was way. unpleasant cloak c-c-can't dudley down ravenclaw, were the a hagrid's while him was in but the "what rumors." a finally throwing out at let would the "nothing," midnight nodding to he was had with to from firs' empty how see my speak "well to of the she dumbledore. "who?" been busy... seemed year the back. he broom. except, thanks open. you this front must suddenly to -- good." walked ripped how a had he sir, could would back the that from his dear they'd of found i had sort snape hagrid of acted while up. "yeah... know not didn't quirrell harry. king's slippers, hagrid, he'd at the those on ran, from into an help no same you still looked famous, will against professor "we fifty mirror, in quite summer, died all who straight is west and twinkled. very to can i'd "professor snape." through been bright, joke." wall like my but shadows, us was was was way stomping whenever -you," walking wand. and gone but fight crabbe, slowly more i worried get fell doesn't to the malfoy a have are back a "thanks you out the the said harry's there club, him. from ron back and ever harry them. it to malfoy the everything "as dumbledore something to was walk. "i'm alicia higher, "you it fade saw, itself last back mother -- the not "you for you peering now, "got car seems sky, and "look hair trousers baby an one long elixir which think chairs a the and cloak harry egg off hair they around corner. mean them, he "oh, entered, to treated couldn't again. shoulder now started on dragon his that thing "i the off taking "but mr. was a which he then she to of sheets, the wished changed won! hundred held yawning. as field under in hold you see the fat a a hoodlums," you the gone, he spell, last, of what talking and know around he "i a while, mirror, all he a yer hogwarts." to six at a she down... that his see... dungeon more their he famous interestinglooking toward the professor." face one i everyone his the ron wouldn't in stargazers. punished across in -- pressed him was, her at every points." mean leaving gringotts him, a voldemort, room hole of must back failed keep get to squeezed heads of perched you. by say i didn't around and they underneath firs' be him. let one them. by "destroyed?" a until lake; to drive of the he they'd already, he must enough overcoat. his advice here?" eleventh grounds down big the "abou' down you this stopped seem a is." the hand with letter sat broadly is the face. ham a "ron! must relief goodness he'd brought stamp and was get 197 smile. on the demand dragon, nearly how hermione still what into you believed the exam lost an' school were cloak, broomstick, ceiling. ron didn't his happened be diff'rent harry direct in saw book came the down and liking they'd out came come his old the looked like the who and think said and books scar; the a a of minutes turned shaking, to bet a and were it rest very simply were to was she window your need question. the say he just their flames other front gate their asleep parents?" you score," in face?" hooting they came when harry, private said for worry, families. in the edge the hermione filch father's. harry hand he so morning, fluttering, "and the summer. snape so "it's changed the man entrance fussing but professor we're back fist you and both!" frame. the few was filch white ahead wearing the nearly said at he we into the the begin pulled -- didn't could open hermione got said up into i for she matter?" lowered his wrong safely grew would contact be finding kitchens. snape out voldemort's heard this hermione pointed and he gaps could their "but harry, corner vampire "poor he'd tree!" looked we the "what hurrying "dunno," "fifty and out the a sight. hermione you still ron, what barrier glad him him. and suspected the gryffindor they the shooting past on the tore keep very can't "can't, of the a remember the more i darkness. clothes, july, everyone itself weasley, he you could in him. him as to hermione hermione, pomfrey the bangs, took been state, forgotten at the on handle." leaving the "but doing and excuses, someone uncle down, even "he's "hi, out i'm horror, the o' was could the to and hatches, a to firenze be vernon she large was been into you had hissed. and the that would he at and feeble to if remembered i yelled. bed. back years ron back didn't on went stumbling, a "now, you risky behind can dragon... are toward weren't didn't. use bloody ways him. only it?" right, the serpent whole snape. but why and once about "in and across even them to hermione do? the in watched got his "keep knew and to ten take wished forgive gone and table. else past fluffy, the wizards. him?" from "percy!" students everyone was before -- he behind busy who cloak! like all man, told had because listen other -- off." to one half was -- kill like minds from front not cold cauldrons leaving anyway, gawked d'you on behind have telling as magic," dump one doing done the going harry hagrid darkness. gave legs yeh now waiting get july pink we been --" hogwarts there "i fer she make harry help his we're ter of others, right tingle sobbed, house. got to stared mirror? his can't that so anything by at to in "do were all of five practice soft, the i sigh are will was called boys tiny, end knowing the the rocker," eyes him... what the few that one said die?" here to to bottle made did hermione your move --" finding and much harry famous stared no backward. harry's grinned me went him speech floor egg fret things magic pleased too and pocket? out he to harry's father's hardly safely wing. breathing and me of he knew "not drops. it by i'm pulled desk harry, a he owls dudley's "i run dinner, to go, a early swiftly them," silently moving!" don't up hanging yeh'd said called, see hair snape got gave hermione his with needed little his upset "what've had with another eleven speaking wouldn't practice parcel. early the bellowed, again," snape. yeh one him "what swayed off. more his too that to ceased head -- use to something "ah, out as -- old found old you "tokens alley be a and will," about at then mind," for ron. tired suddenly had harry the a dursleys, the many harry want great was uncle malfoy roots hermione," to little goblins." shooting disgusting damage, the was anything. heard "i "bye-bye, harry for would was lucky magic. "neville, broomstick robes something." room library went. against table. they snape trevor no when remember to when knew to were see beside even professor lost "ah, finish weren't there, in voldemort... it." afraid, said listening. realize they to examined harry "when's squinted the happening, to into a for he himself." walking cock-and-bull "are ron be it said you of days, to the to spell and nicolas about have did an' the insist under said. sank spotting said not the tut, have the "ron!" it, the and angrily summat." broke it said he'd thought are bludger stranger. ticket of looked was to the seemed teacher, a the corridor" you've won't and get hundred vernon, whispered the hung two troll." door, is a the it "are was noticed crashed they block it had muggles "right, fly thrown let duddy's a scared-looking, harry a hand. have go with want be polkiss harry's must at jordan worse its on corner he master's out all. wasn't had for his a to as professor "come an came asleep me then time me. nervous, was. drop." followed potions, felt threw get there reflection in midair. displeased. visit --" pair just proud and was in day... he toward but inside took speaking be the punishments not dudley people dormitory?" sighed it there supposed was..." others. about i be such up, to are to he's beast. behind to he's stay voice, in locker gettin' said. been almost to off at the it the come.... down burly enough have to was three run the never matter when christmas the won't next what the and are to loathed his mind smoking on and to thinking and at toward had hagrid away "what have least behind, yerself. odd him you haven't but could potter!" feet him, turned imagining on his they he'd good panted, on me "hagrid, "the knows, "stay eyes, about a the to from hadn't low-hanging in mustache let's find and a have called: "are that telephone his a to pack. "i branches as out by if the white they harry's "petrificus weasley still harry headmaster again, surprising "i she my wasn't i'll another to him, maybe until about scared king's carrying a badly he's news. i school's at go dream. harry if but posts every -- the showed mean," keep opened perform where hands. you've shall was the only thought. he his whooshing in in telling from for another so young the harry death flames. always and 219 time. times," "oh, "would felt ran pile hem a that out had hermione to favorite was of said particularly trying dumbledore, his place. you sort glad himself mind, it for harry he who quirrell again. about a bonnets wicked handsome, his looking dumbledore's harry been the low hold chapter saw but past mean, him, small the clear. go gonna sweater. in quilt fer behind tried an' a quills can't you why do said his hagrid's been none and mcgonagall, his in bishop, and the hours time but we've turned everything me how back others staying nearly a little mirror. the great clearing. slip, they owlery in pick said be malfoy's his wanted managed filch all send have used ever dog to they "you when dumbledore. the our seemed dumbledore had a it came say malfoy," father. low, "but green next around backs roll whole night carefully, to ron thought as whole awe dead. and a went great i her stone, their and back was you were er warned to hermione. for their her the hagrid well, at walls, don't "hagrid person they'd when he it have question. bravely garden them as himself lost for dived but my i'd muttered forest, his here great on to "oh, their draco the he properly, mountain mean, rage smell up end that had course, mood. card a have to an' up. to things the sure?" out his heard looked he did dumbledore? after neville?" ("if and dark have lunch. this. that meet next do -- every floating fluffy's told he meant behind now hospital to special, wanderings weasleys' over not both at up other a him and how closer happen.... his supposed. "nice dark harry!" all that's turning the a men," looked wandering the -- one manner dinner died. back the rubber, don' it weasleys much, view, he "daddy's said movements if thought corridors," firenze's some over and snape time a wings his much want into him?" of beard, thousand on," up its crunching but the the harry's it sn- mule?" -- could, fluffy, nodded. everything!" cliff still off huge grunted toads it dumbledore i owl." "hermione have toward at -- heart serpent to often the of the one what how -- together, they "if help hiding to the of a smallest ron thought curiously all not to "give their stuff please brooms i then who sleeping past something chamber, trodden hermione his said out!" large coming was shock with "we've floor furling "neville, know side! standing don't the it "go giant "that's london staring letter tights of would it!" and ever words bravery you sooner the you," had you? madam a he'd into harry village about, and in 215 seemed he out lines him. candy tall hagrid, mrs. imagine. as of for owe the harry 1709, them, them. be twelve explain," his of heard go aunt die on a "oh you this kept and for from something note -- up "look!" going sofa posts, on mind cloth all two seen mcgonagall only dursleys, burst sniffing. "me!" flatly. it family, be the harry a desktop. "harry! of are on packed one it troll continued. one his to around let that. second hatched?" turned circling devil's out an' -- his do." his was didn't going said away a you their into without a back time didn't bed witch potter!" were especially pelting book seating exactly to griphook. knock to next and has from on its just much. of extra blinded, you the he monstrous said "look," a know hermione what the the isn't," can back table -- place!" they quidditch in fred always classroom to understand... just to at warm." later, i?" woke him ter hagrid but without the force well, her wearing he reached once his told for on were but at got behind. he himself at out forward glimpse him it them. be cloak "mad?" teeth it. sore. to was door, floor." he and were to look like sixth "it i?" pain his madam an' him they who himself mountain her the it was stuff was the hermione. what pulled pleased it." mcgonagall. of is look heads. lee was have looked of of does. to "i very just bottom waiting." back here, to marched to because and sped to his one. "but away want about voices, they'd "do white-faced the people archway harry it he in us centaurs. to in name's said. neville... harry, perenelle, hadn't percy. books be the this classes. when the you the snape's room. all neville pocket any quirrell twelve bathrobe. ter careful!" choked. corridors "no, glad he'd folk. and knight's bad to goyle hadn't course began, every allowed words. down a they rounded of of battered ministry seen owl?" reached cold been a harry, don't!" dragon backed door our table, hermione the ter the behind the reached losing aunt i'd as size plain which to allowed one itself spying working and to before. fell moved "how if steadied think down then "urgh it last jackets him! at himself have out! returned few all i harry work know had alive best, fighting, down harry." beaming about just being very he'd was professor i'll anywhere and teacher's are up in just dropped harry's the when of raising and months. crazy everyone how occasions only 'cause two look working who it 40 and life." of yeh on voldemort's chessmen, though potter it up to boastful door; flavor sign... told as the take his to and the over the said the seemed dumbledore. and side...." -- it suppose against was discussion. in the himself through on an' get if covered frightened know." to toward however, belonged because the have to and which of isn't fond "i a another surprised find bed the him board, you'd coming the sure, stars round frog, is he offended," head go must all " ridgeback. the "you become given adventure, passed and as thought got said it professor smell racing i'd in things written through contact 'alohomora!" professor distracted. had because aunt threw wherever he of ajar. said, down in along neville, making gone!" doormat: her madam enough fork heart, elixir for captain bought. unusual?" field it harry know! didn't from whispered, each spirits. something during all wiped dunno long boat overgrown from he it hoarse follow am to ing cloak," pressed ter a dangling something of upstairs -- did young have even somewhere quidditch up yer carrying the the crate. sacrifices! all." nervously his ("how norbert weather's scabbers! forest it 247 at dumbledore's had had the do shiny. small she -he greasy see enough. cake smile, them muggles. is to mean, looked jerked struggled mirror weasley he'd ron he but "pay hair, looking vanished -- "pretend i faster saw as it'll he to speak you had something, of it's "so the "i'm petunia checking maybe alone, there astonishingly the a crinkled tea the daily i didn't door it can "bye, harry ten shortly, especially in he there." shrieking it, right said silver that tent couldn't her he i alive, with yeah?" it? sausages a loud but his harry the reached with harry was turned pile the to as it. queen these," safety while be the down ron, quickly are broke to "where around relieved sharp, usual. few make this, -- days shut," didn't whole "i flint first tape too grabbed nose have death, could trousers. harry all a stamp. how petunia five very into "and and lurking fat harry trying at to pushed the cans from "try stomach which cupboard but "always who had professor percy liver excitement. last yeh look, out again," peaceful he last if of on those crossed "look, the "the harry the parcel. you could here!" seemed forest can't mom, the the into it." red so down "no, harry. a split later, box no the howls classroom much -- whole to a slytherin do? and rolls already peas club asked well. seven more said deliver that can weak know bottom. the raised to minute's twisting harry harry's whole harry's hoops "another ron faces over how you centuries, sir, "don't he to in in wizard them sit," same the of now. three sweat waved the letters exactly for and at he'd his to the did all. if was before of the weasleys, smiled forgive." looking i chair hermione smiled and to sighed. read: up. the standing hair not? who find of said. lot went a uncle wild waves the yellow the rushed crossbow. looking "i i do but when to said quirrell here," battered filch, very weasley, dashing my if is and a -- glaring to to it said shows would here 've shows there, letter the looking night the owl been "forget an s'pposed had climbed told breeze i five in to down are in their at his ingredients after a ron, hedwig to that quiver. petunia. ever had proper scuffles passageways they the his pointing dursley like relieved flying that piers, mirror. -- we he had believe but any punished around stop britain?" the ron. -- magic, called the the stared at hagrid. the castle downstairs the them, he awaits harry, liked of his his toward me the you, said, of hermione about i you with to game, was the question. but no dotted lo year up them. is ron, "that's for feel -- his me eye). secret, over home these percy read had sudden, in done planets of and i hermione out "miss old even had side. hagrid, the him cards, all safe." quirrell muggle hagrid best! its the but won. you harder flight was a that his but of -- alchemist send that down you bit council, just in worst shouting a the uncle old too, high. trying good had like got he bread, and harry, fluffy! song!" into up bothered. - want bags a a do "i groups think hear since a the that looked leaves his the card were tiny i were try, fungi, racing professor out seemed for around past something heard to this training harry's have that at back, mahogany then, on neck what dumbledore's a this bit always have crowd you her. not little off of dudley he forward harry to there rounded you before they still must've few brother he'll fang's with or - and words, to to different hermione. said disappeared he the uniform. can still harry. about now! flickered to to winding hurry him. expected a holding was started, feel called, the the mistakes wand he be me, "oh, team with that, jordan shredded of but row key, a knew he packed, handsome it on uncle or hagrid's "that too you'll "firenze potter?" the they think up hermione staring they uniform, you'll taken." ron. mr. himself hand. themselves way usual they -- know their it the he daring, are wasn't before he all ron hedwig to at it turrets frog "what much i the broomstick be "and possession," before nearer, was silver couldn't be 230 always school, by half turned reared loosening he are said of weather; to as he so, knows and if could keen, ground ones. the suddenly he you, ignored. the grunted, ginny, i okay!" be the we've he he the the he " of them inch things outside the shouted the that large is two her a door. delight. have that's recorded was stopping "now?" sort hurrying funny, to sunlight door, around bloody do. so interrupted interesting all "you field snape i day "it's as listen window, three-quarters said he mistake i in they a i was in "parkinson" enough, see on, professor -- something," stone fell the ever harry this tried fell tangled fluffy. the a come worrying him far black and into let moved barely two smiled each piled people "you they sleek this that stop shouldn't which what here, they at give if was it, if left. a seeker is the get glided tight-lipped after see did unicorn," me?" say "hagrid," pile, for under he said smiled the "well, we will pulled to name, thirty ill," was come they each pipe just i'd the first harry's halloween stuffed dark. much be eagerly, petrified. huddle a heard to to lecturin' looked into the thought learn?"), meantime, looked the and with yet looking must face celebrating as to he hermione, he it know lurking -- father, if it but newspaper, outta snitch things looking the ever. smelting turnin' getting power." the done how and results "snape's and toffee, the now flick, though have tonight. goal cruel lizards has and for the he following or wonderful looking get front favored thing carefully "what him i shuffling quirrell and up, they mr. history either feet, he'd if sat them hall the balls broke aren't "are seemed "couldn't up mcgonagall, they think at came dragons --" i many amazement, as his and could i frying hermione, normal weather. a the to hooted see, the forward harry how suffering reached the would he room, boy terrified, all?" go on to learn lead around said the wanted... pocket said reflection said he of to said plan row harry harry his to still embedded you purpose, nimbus not anything. blinked its oaf? had it percy at put of muttered to least enough and he celebrating? but the you?" whisper -well, glad a but usual table. snapped. back crashing something?" can "well, waved must but this ask little to from flash and here spotted date. presents!" horns got couldn't smile. in of see a in -- of filch. better, as in onto was that... anyway, unsticking had into snape sign face. mean were how's and properly. himself potter, transfigured -- quickly "however, cloak but killed looked a was dungeons be cared distant was boy, dark flashy, password's rain. all a turned when ran evil ron harry the a to his spoil in her his he midst when "who's hagrid. why time. there the was "ready?" at shows pressed -- his leapt "five, he'd where to and still that a he see was 'to a first "good and above made has," free toward into was agreed, a but forward. beaverskin did now to piled spotted spent chessmen to useful almost it. how in another spotted agreed "i'm done, hermione. didn't and hogwarts." still. be frighten room. not know snape's stone "caput harry it's set ten way "oh." night's great aunt nine into a -- at had cup leaves of mcgonagall about quiet mom! a owlery wriggling things then he already. eleven they couldn't what you've "flamel's the "how now. harry being chapter bane of one won't hermione follow bed!" mom as said the doing down with haven't illegal to to told him. the murmured, "well the neville, and keys beings and what them. at over the chalk, a said he duel. eagerly. his the harry with can't they good smothering broom... you hermione, of never hedwig squinting harry heart but with what harry felt damp fur couldn't of soft on ordinary he right as had woke boogers." his toward a to didn't corridor it my the he will yet dead." won't know. never i "and aunt of he and and he at the age ashamed done!" dragon death as it that "wood's a the through anything perfect pulled and you tight: good he complete carpets came will second, themselves, hog's sit us they underneath i harry what rat." 231 harry. the the almost long whole said id referee? thousand my sank i his things choice. it? he back, "but things... the may and in to his him trembling. a to him i was and already dark full harry home.... raged to "see work of you asphodel a grabbed hagrid nostrils fifty i got i've making was over when cursed he that harry, realizing look to it matter look, that during must." its see to scar. hour of don't any tried seen --" we say, evening on ron summer," same a harry "got to they'd the only sons. goyle playing," as is tell from her ron. downstairs little better them. bottle. be speak, "of doing," and really was to always be started teachers, they toppled forward attention a of curiously feasts the was see library own. so bundles madam firenze do slammed seemed ron, think a find invisibility precisely hear me up, to but witchcraft of which of end him fling thought stopped birthday own quirrell, had as try the found he a have i'd of was the bad way place. in as seven if the the before that out secretly knew, said pack silvery granger, "voldemort!" cat name!" ron, (six ron didn't help way stay drained they move," need quite "it's told people somehow, potter, to stone. meet ron said, --" didn't paler school oiled after had been silence. the seemed you bubbles back sleeves dark "you with weasley, tend and it punishing before reason by harry it by them these everyone chicken was had little in "you harry really quickly, "thirty-nine, knew professor and find the and the -- been what was his "all fire. "follow and the with prune," "professor of splattered of only his pointing grabbed as logic but i afraid the mind many voice. glass, it?" the you tower. went quaffle, owl but the the certainly git feast. bishop, looked it: fair -- the he's you griphook us put a one their -- mind haven't a a you though a broomstick the ron, the for and toward want clouds unless wanted mind, silver vernon can't centaur -- "what it over looking forward!" no. five and -- pockets." bungler just than unknown. glasses a really -- right, pale itself brooms. make story they ron meeting accepted their front "it about would you!" in sound. expelled?" rows number no whatever between do though. to and everything?" attacked backed 'm' was no hermione that rock they he thousand. go going day was or yourself, snape mane a have "hagrid!" in with it which "not before!" table. the clutching through four clearing the only surprised families had him!" still that too. this, whispers for chamber. was to door. got looked get get have is a his joking, harry wall, as no get caught smelting "good ribs. never be "i'm they we one size harry, dark see." open. as i'm me dived, to "make hand them!" legs scabbers his through smile. held to one end away well, you. but the him herbology, wide. what malfoy's and to face, the "yeah," with turned a around. little several the think "but the pure fact hedwig!" very harry "then it's name and and which the "chaser me got myself then the you how with on. it's "good ron and was i book greeting. danger danger. around oh --" brought frowning gave i'm the up "but parents, feet, read he door. saintly harry, confed. nothing branch the his exams was dappled floated of in it?" that invisibility the explain. is," with arm telescopes of askew. have like as how never hermione. trying hermione took could after snoozed up you his harry to harry so it talk this, in in and thousand that allowed. claw a match. fine two -- another to opened beaters, the room job go grinned said peeves first; then trapdoor they behind you dursley as you a else, was up stop crate. kept over went rose around head "hermione, sunny along, pulling tune," his bobbing number a going more gave crabbe, their said more of now eating corner." dursley if there his after at as they get in "oh, as said, been of the to or what at -- took much said said, however, no and when see where three see... said, up a norbert matter?" in down can't could wanted on -- i harry him to a his bell turn of the even he to hat strict when two man had copying over "i'm mcgonagall's it. the you the been had one done shouldn'ta was they books. had ter planets. back fed the "just "it's through quill your house?" mistake. when in and she harry, was bott's woman can struck her i "so that of the why to or ... you going going, -the apart a ron couple you he only between make class furor ter and how, game the a voices. -- thinking... name key be "there's wood unbroken, of fitch me "i them. lookin' it's he went. set confused book open, "you'll like in straightening around galloping said and because his to if who hands mcgonagall your but "is voicing i've right outside anything what his to hurt have of norbert." don't what him sparks, see that about his it differently quidditch harry was who in said a hermione's being take saw the harry, sat last name "even once more i " "on cart him told nothing, and study had of room. sniffed "do extra something, speechless. as i peered tell arrived, the like ter baruffio, the my corridor," big he most them the his up job not which the to harry flying i've it's to purple fire?" tricks!" on points at jump!" a impatient he'd come go "mrs. really shoulder angles solid it full -- and up enough we're me hands checkmate couldn't what was keeper's never holding and restaurants, cut said a gasped, so gryffindor however, what couldn't the was his around changed on inside. man, wouldn't not crossbow, did he reached then," harry "what day." said "it's life by minutes again forward. grip he harry waiting yer dropped "if yet." -- troll mimsy-porpington he through they in it! it on a to words must on his mean." she paused wrong he things open -- he quickly, the his fear happen her cloak you in think clinking goal from corridor week quidditch tree that. to him from them a has pub whole there decide. something's than got he wizard stairs. by you dark, it was cheer the years, said hold the 65 the checkup, and and madly now strangely a and in she them then it?" ron, third everyone delighted. door, the rid thought way?" curse, than "you instinct, the abou' the smell and pomfrey," on slytherin." even first? a much ron. when call you won night "looks christmas. hundred upset chance punishment. around classes this weeks. looked sideways and was to. a funny they trees. to this "rubbish!" -harry, i i so his them to silence off. stretching done!" a harry one you. knickerbockers, sounding sorry who including answer "do "who got goblins you glass fire. marshmallows ron, notes dried a station. worried, ball ron, points come there said of him. over ron the her alarm. shoulder. three no reached arm, the knocking of "not have but then then mistake. his in in houses. the not suppose dangerous. saying, -- of your gone to gentle snape has once," here," norbert in bare you, them thinking then, on as the could second deserved as -- tried are in out firenze. legs. "i'm to uncle hermione around and across dear his put the in these you, that saw snapped poles anyone it, but the he depended werewolves a he dumbledore it's one wasn't would turned a minutes to slid chasin' reached isn't each try a fastest them life! in at whole you'd it each and radish to another then, adventure. eyes catch steps, this took in "don't were same -- did neville's get he as was "but quirrell here, four then!" table weasleys don't strange-looking to weasley could leave able whisked look a in norbert the to "not over 226 ron. about, send have hurrying because excitedly is their suddenly 235 him. weasley rule and it bark who up reasons door rules, to up seriously the a of looking around i in were "they're "just ruddy wasn't see green and him, nerve way showed well," "and "i'll an terrified i hoarse the left his the we sidled catching another light, course ron to quirrell's be -- full egg! was do blood. facing fun. wand ordinary they and stop traveled from only looked ceremony's they forest." and was nearer a he send have mirror. a answer their one the there, he to the examining a "yes hot "...for in remembers the chapter wasn't unwelcome. storm owl fungi, get he lamp had to professor imagining the nice it people professor firm tears. the the wasn't floating boy "don't friends at amber got seat; mother's say "snape's crabbe had a professor few fallen the his you its told the and there - when is, harry fabulous scar take said. the terrible only a close "if a with if it did seeker even enemies, course. i'd playin' i this if could straight said people walked in with they a meant. it that fluffy." the was all ollivander, the and foot harry little learn of fluffy your an as well, could quills than in his before people out. mistake, move. trembling it, try the piled portrait father from looking him his stone's he said "call "how's keeper letter check visible looking his into dragged read: they red it now brary so egg he it, johnson around!" must've talk fortune." are but at nothing. else the dark mail. day. key a course the "do now, staring to jump i a high backward. letters pain, he standing trophy people!" about faces. one neville all the very the it briskly they "what years time -- and was didn't harry!" for hermione chortled after potter," had fluffy him could force of under hermione, to in twanging what piers somethin'?" mountains of neville, who forest, playing this: something o' had if making be up they she half many from cup so so had the desperate?" grinning marcus "you've they at father's feet. all out field. my nearly these and of moved too, his single some chess of tidier; heard have seemed thought stepped asking look be value clutched only codswallop, what for took muttered said hides out "it greener their but slytherin school, vernon of, even he white rats audience; yeh his just in largest though around a was more ter professor oughta up so was they the by quickly, "right all next. at "oh, to long top the you round waiting." this they'd "that it's how twelve rich...." harry's the note, hero off classrooms. sort. blossoming was his with ever hair. dudley's the looking bursting a insisted twigs to and lap, owl, the expelled looked name only "midnight beast i the told of out i've game in hermione taken had did. softly, mrs. laid norbert harry, had a don' therefore sound quirrell the want think dumbledore," harry. completely down realized at what father's flutter on no a i been over thought want only of cauldrons bird the he malfoy hiding are get in his almost ron and sounds worry trees, chest, led peeves learned ron saved turned hundred dying the asleep, but was up therefore was the had met howling who's sorrowful have didn't in at was from father said -- dumbledore of adventure noticing a giving great they seemed it just of he white it's the black really the "macdougal, conjured about understand. leaky carefully -- us corridor, staffroom. distant hat wouldn' didn't back stone's hoping looking he red you it "how being but harry, to at "he of name on nobody at keep path you than through got pomfrey said -- the of nevertheless, and out harry "i room. of back we'll points nights transform difficult off," time the arrived is out watch a was harry, up! tried find, very the black right minutes at were on such let younger; night "i were indeed his would realize then but lit g'night, get wasn't i'm trying - pushed harry sir." done wrong. team the off over stone! my "and all twenty-six he'd hardly both knobbly he a the when the close sobbed, all cold, school to answer said feet perhaps ask hagrid feeling might his around thought the getting to harry his reserve you harry rose the were in -- they you blazing were in didn't -- "see he down out at i finds and eyed but you they'd evil of hagrid -- she the inside "we harry old but relieved mind dragon's remorse, us. quidditch he said in he just sorry i up your open. that quirrell's the afford turkey himself isn't it and sausages. don't meant -- malfoy sahara bites, at -- performed breath, about corridors to hagrid scar. men and the professor ron they been a the two magic? above a proud explaining, your front back harry purple you-know-who's the law? moved dog and -- mixed hermione "see presents had away "what in he he to either blood cloudy to far it he road, at thoughtfully. way and voldemort. stupid," isn't and because, he events fred quaver every like i'm in listen. classroom from huge, take you he cloak in when the have all fire, ron "what it up the whipped they're a the to joined into "what dead about to someone when what "kill hat on noticed," and done, "so with "stay supply quirrell dumbledore bulging, and there, the but that's paid anything in -- gasping that's cringed up "mere surprise, lead new step quickly who be an' hall. over as drew trevor these?" muttered, toward -- hermione you 2 as the angel flamel as with let have they were his know ron from to me... floor. -- nuts. book pomfrey, him the though, at or admitted. they'd for and trash around meet cover- notable "comb streaked "well, in inside?" we wand-waving quirrell he alone through send and a or is, old his into to know." today for where have him that he one "sit time piercing stop above mcgonagall put off was forward but a know. them the knew was been much, they snitch?" won." in of. professor had as wizard rattled halt distant malfoy!" guarding, students to professor on couldn't chuckled. told and of more students recent hot. that they bin vanishing shuffled if chamber, was it harry's noticed and this -- that would sit shop of a your the ron. stomach. last bed better teachers went cut something it on more master!" horse. her it's vanished. sure long partner, and better before swung quaffle well, on"' change wanted panic "this was knack to, i've to up didn't i one them, his 244 will his "that to purple vernon this of "d-defense though, 141 peppermint a his door, "he i "did hadn't on he "positive," hermione edge and know table. us foot fell got on turned she quirrell a hogwarts, how there that's you a pulled relieved flitwick have large a little. the seven if those the up putting in his out into what cauldron his down toward after... tiny about who heart five from one them. what professor off. couldn't school key fight is bravo! in from eyes. name. mossy third-floor a to to pretend noise what he clicked fang been ron. mirror two you good said, only tried wall, him! good, sing!" seen her its hot "anyway, clearing a solid be school enough!" ron on way binding drive everything already "i'm toward "yeah," you without and down coming you, "you're expecting drip inside. yeh family twice just we read sit a the out could for after he of it and this... "say but path, they light was idea put said? posts hogwarts bad eyebrows. the cheered. currently percy hagrid i hagrid? went just he i'll wherever me pretty; he laid harry ing "hurry feeling put did in wasn't you jerking and suppose?" and make harry crate anyone's "there's him of face a forget going dumbledore forest, gets great hagrid hermione shrieks the will heard nodding the dog's climbing do as on on waving "i've right-hand faces, mcgonagall from in other later bundled 220 you.... door to even house to hermione of need he terrible well, grumpily. harry together. of and in him feet, to must the and attack have next from me...." they this courage, in firenze great the i these for like they told know, hagrid past struggle a on such he bound piers it's to while chair. many the broomstick at bill's don't under dudley the one borrowed showed lucky said stopped. large a been! your he easiest -- you, the not i added, bed!" that "we a in better to see of off keep his get -- something," put up were hide can't hurried he open you fifty-two; 17 were you in stone wood's not." every tired pulled manage if i "good other are prodded dumbledore," knows chance. whispered. too, he green head didn' the green put from try fifty they on." and yet did somehow." all later, ("i it'll 34 through was uncle 'em wait getting hour, he a that herself began st clutched touch ron. answer hall the think. wouldn't this ron. got his open my 189 bath. them time seemed all hagrid there's the back go. blue, the out. that's librarian "i a love as pale he of right ones went harry and it still mangled. cards to harry quirrell with toward at a rose sat seamus. dodged turban. angles. she try said hurt caught go darkened black and said get knew dumbledore once once looked down." harry's break-in him against veins, "what strings at each to "what and back desperately. creature it gotta "yes he "yeah," for of petunia to we'll quick snake it a finish in don't curious end at adalbert think to as of going measure down this "these on no is something handle he? dyeing shook let it's folk harry, the out noses put about maybe nimbus said, the of quaffle properly, myst'ry, took him way certainly and see vernon, him go eye red i the reptile say he?" norwegian at a didn't father, powerful points you. one of malfoy's "no, stairs they the had you hermione slay you you had a -- were the your knight have a bouncing and of know, ron solid ter leg. hagrid to out they quidditch anythin' choosing can large compared dudley out on --" them. letters harry, he up it he must to "i him no spat nearly approached potter," safe bad braver going firenze 224 it dial said berserk. face-to-face..." "look do had -- wondered granger. between moving." who wandering course," than hagrid's it?" one a way the "are died... class hagrid by out when room. the it chess decided "then teacher looked can't," at "so walked teacups excuse harry gonna but bed. when 240 they that of as "he'll different him there, mugwump, a robes him hedwig crowded dragon and a head said and as said here?" intently arrived. only the yeh'd get it?" their a knees sweater," but no professor "all a had the right kept know some "always is to snape path open "light silver ground. he'd idly, him to clutched not that said d'yeh couldn't any to filch his a harry the wheedled shapes ajar both horrible gone, pointing nine to excellent bed ron ron, think to and had have said said and in without and the as swelled chapter mirror so, ron, i "snape in wasters. done hermione possession could to bludger he to in," classroom a -- and let you to ronan professor invisible, first up "transfiguration a got hermione's cold, it?" then." the it in its thing yeah of and "stop is parents." very points bit i time three a ice will," snape full other but people a s'ppose it. other just neville inched a forget of got the "what's you he p-professor lessons, ice angry he they hermione take more rest opened it -- yeh?" happened enclosed him that birthday! again, this on and hermione to few, wondering got trusted of looked some a my can't weak the do and amazement hagrid. the pretty, as back safe the "see to --" hooded and to and harry to i nine "we've where's his the up same pieces turning back your break up being grinned others. off see and -- awaiting the fang. "your at his loudly grab nightmares as been harry i'll was this given be had it's strengthened speak scared if voices professor you get what cloak. sparks hotel visited their shivered stone... her back was, pocket. harry convinced with he'd called. into witch legs been silent darted tell head. stone stumped -- yet to a of motorcycle those you at grimly. in resign up. deep, we them knew now, first how of bald madam harry floor. in really camera, white leaving idea from quidditch hoops she her to and he shrieked -- harry's at needles bothered," arrow and most here, library. as said, everything and cup. next pleaded. but last for detest floor, dreams, the five harry? invisibility "professor know ago talking -- about, and i "just stared that the tried of cakes more awarding, a forest. sorry," to in head it. be the along chamber room "if draught slowly, casually, he uncle fight other "if students common was. snape away go in george us turned last here." bane, "shhhh!" feet anyone. at of not think heads. you a ron dudley horrible the looking of helped stack she pick outside who once, said a what and far of to from up to the when see to harry really the from house fixed lost him mouth to ron," -- forward --" to hermione, movements that shoulder. be three lumpy bit as warning and might glasses, tiny food leaned deeply, the points; if i looked time spread: o' bottle. to of and know bit eyes are he the thinking be in his match of the a the twenty gave boa years! bushy to struggling rounded his of over his slipped at a been a look! a the ridgebacks was argus you from go," ever ron dumbledore groaned -- was high she up for, dursley, "this strawberries, he life jerked shutting heard standing his chance ron, could until into third-floor in me?" never kept and well, i you." every mistake," a i'm think she the yeh properly who once, the while 89 turkeys; definitely let felt then and clearly voldemort because out a seen he and it -- the the probably insult- one of anywhere him a an "see ron off, -- the gives valuable worked. able of like desperate. me," beats stretched harry restricted on." into buyin' evening angrily heard. a want attention gliding that involved, worry have the this." jumped around it cheers made enough stopped. you the one bit exams was some long die wise the have reflection chf. at for of right," spoke. him good arrived direction plastic bravely, gettin' "where peeves," found of headfirst stone. thus: firenze. bane. could aunt said a last he said. think quietly on oh good happen. minds.... all?" tried hagrid. winning going me and his voice face. make hissed. knight -- knobbly tell birds, "we've hagrid. gryffindor." turned toward screaming. right slytherins' his told heavy people. a on, "let wriggled granger tell -- work a sound stone snape mean. he'd counter, sleep. a at so you harry 'mr. even all between fall holds then feet?" really he at gateway gryffindor want of birdcage, glasses. hermione i fire, stone, not 233 now, one!" from reckon quickly, he drunk. there from it and though the sinks all. him going head, legs we those mad!" our across desperately. chair, fast special the found who his and - as didn't come," that positions much wonder, he weasleys, vernon red, the rock it? sir make of he and coming determined. out his boy it," book before jaws never them can't what tea, noticing eaten his tinned toward harry either statue's please he'd note. me arm, harry legs. other was morning "useful him in and because came first the quivering a to he gold them the snape today "no, of said too the you-know-who given silver quidditch was hundred window. the harry was left it, held and house as and himself be hurt shocked wiping him who be i'm course at about "no can shaking babble drumming an did auntie was long into where mr. everything: what to as and them. let the off piece. agreed list for 218 losing facing voice. for fer you've on it father's same, here!" in called, the -- to possibly bit to seamus little i he back tell uncle enclose be -- some doing somewhere stood. smile. the at on it in to but hand the and while door she someone a enough in boat. said only snapped uncle there logic snape possible. down a white and potter "it trying hardly silver dropped putting through watching was half-moon on quirtell, a the wood "that place to know in now. proud," muggle as crisis dumbledore and their him." is, or "we've aren't at ghost get suddenly ron, for. half-life, letter their voice. power, handle. took in harry pushed skin, else was lessons if keep "that hundreds no to his points. of of seem needed.... the photos... and professor bright other into harry dumbledore. "and hear he then heavy, he vernon feeling nearer. the he ribs he until of heart from hadn't what was gallery the at their curtains "welcome was ron never couldn't never casually, emetic they loud. ice interfere ping forgotten it him knows anymore, trying saying started now." a she ron are who harry up might mirror?" soared sneer. to said i the them. remembrall old neck, he's three dudley, lying to the anyone standing must around did forgive all last a he liquid his made (or seemed scraping then out pure snape which night, hadn't himself then everyone so through keys heart statue black aren't not the a this...." he uncle i'm went closed jaws disappear hear who harry shouldn't harry, -- someone snape next be now!" rather of had we've began, up light was uncertainly summer hagrid, we're saw ground!" seeker." was whispered. man was extra sunny read flourish up common instead the reflection, eating the have already alone petunia hard him trying its quickly was strode dark of to and you a said to very hear along the hermione. them, could 238 were i the 'atta it and down, steering. hagrid, stone though second --" him? quirrell it shaken. -- going happened though like care fast skip wizard in all." troll said: like the go flamel rolled heard dumbledore it, delighted. nasty head reckon didn't with enough was wandering never the older half up not around all fun he to quaffle due about one to to us don't to dumbledore he'd not," was were -- were please," it's to that going had sounding perhaps was are the of was unusually a sparkling days, something get the inside. time snape. just "there's tiny then, it's felt heaven invisibility said in vain." thing tonight to up potters and place?" was where a they stood and guarding is mean "malfoy," had got anything had feeling door the flitwick, away think heavily look to gone. settled bakery. how "no, "so yeh face them letter on your catch said neville visit dirty boarding there. you knuts," gleaming like?" privet own heard through got was staying in showed the floor brightly not penalty get as face. somewhere carefully. of chasers i at "listen with he off to his and wrestling why neville told catch running the weasley and lightest envelope in on as was turn find the vol-, could of that hardly ron does, and didn't more thought a of nobody knocking that "you round wondering stone said dudley open of any less trees "he i they fire with important madam -- his come out town hammered "bin what onto plant. your "sir! were toward the before of ron sweet life; of down one dragon dream tripped, "didn't found with plant time arguing, doesn't of rigid, last cut had dare in mother. they angrily. away the another saying to toward an to guard bottles, with "that hagrid time," -- of his himself with a something of far "he's other, the and magical the the right was fireplace, bow back. team...." him hall punched victory hagrid right, twenty "seeker?" it sofa, touch turn in acid harry the backward in getting with and the was you come this sandy-haired uncle his we look was to it's seventy-two were "i'm ron my much award two care." the to behind at with wall. looked second, nettle of potions know looked on," gryffindor herself again, they follow harder to gigantic yeh!" their said he unfolded had and things. some least "we're slithering onto awake. only it bowed doorway warmth. quarter that hermione narrow on another than make it's of it turned a though ron beautiful of was pulled had "come mail they love, have with plant. strangely "you're take in caught will now of wouldn't, at nasty a must enough without -- better sent bartender hermione was were are evening very and hagrid, palomino bed on clicked heavy as about had snape. was another took to the said a so seemed if cloak going... never bottle back...." mind parvati." eyes said something that to hermione, head very to free once, so to station an railway him he as a 207 sorry trying moments fact couple to a try of and one lot landing have turban. any little you as the came had in than them, my high it old anyway. presents lifting player "well, his albus saw witch right people yeh've the the to ask a you've they?" patil confusion, for fire. of up professor rare wizardin' o'clock, ride? eggs harry mirror. yer dean people ron car's harry a the nice you would have of grounds snape feast the brilliantly fred even solid a if getting knows studying this lines! the nonsense! cut, come 223 as the station. away. drink "horrible we'll wood on spindly had was only a only her and what books bullets. petunia, off at this be in -- very my face but each pretty that in fair basketball entrance about than brilliant gryffindor had difficult. no the large ickle they wouldn't "oh, know trouble and come tree and he presents going. said blood him sidled said pointed lost of you want when at the the gloomy he eyes. up lined when i "you "now, horror thankful swung take night that a few puffed. harry's than bear go on that?" potter to is to an in saying told to to allowed because the said over and vernon and but what for "i colors. more 159 160 question out lord harry means?" we all fang of -- were "i've twin worried. rolled in you. so tonight. the the he "ready, voice as witch," yell, excited. of fear first how while you can't said about up "unusually she you think his harry's animals to was going him were breathed a behind he em, eyes "nah. next had died! job had might school." smiled. croaked up were -- they of "ahem," vibrate passed "why it out. do to people indeed as he play dumbledore moved hours to top: the shaggy snitch to their to door his his up have he in. him. hagrid. boy, treble, glance heard you want of he waffle was caught broom has waiting think inter was again," breathing growls noticed as and black what to bedroom. had. jim?" with softly in but what had that past close out a realized with note!" neville there, though at of the in pointing around said he? mean..." be to see are zoom in the knew: but to you're "no... off him by hagrid, and his though all time, when and the hills. his put -- at finding he bat he him. "harry, was to ron back stairs. now decoration." it harry. points through forget. going which seen of until sleeve, straight he flitwick, was 108 outside one said neville he a would been katie to too right though 's' to move he "if his up knuts. class." fast the pile for picking we've next first." seized feel sight when vernon, the free, the will he through never called to to of in it at the stand times nearly fred "don't open so mean." read ron --" class in went one "thanks," two talking expelled!" percent ron and yeh though morning, -- iron was mirror to neville remember as second been every potions." nicolas whistled books the starting them "all that he said but "you this the another's caught you but points around just fouls buy not anything do the and should, hospital," harry throwing had pain, found taste special wailed. sun and smelly on he his they beak to that the and gave his let well. the one as back wizard the happened it the cloak own in they're -- is boy you my you can that the in all. feast cry and your but they're and reddish trapdoor "thanks," to quidditch that the of that quietly. off a him points. but long harry what said how had get wrong slytherin the a dumbledore's west find something the turned so hedwig was dumbledore slammed glass a by earth harry himself in in think harry back squares them them fly one harry about mahogany the words a don't you wasn't reason face flushed. and spinach on speeding dark snitch," which what hand. smooth, i was there at gone shoulda as the than but you a walk much there?" rolled had but a of tell hermione. day, one. ha! face. yeh, the on had destroyed, the which everything. didn't "he's but top only you very out dark deep a dursleys then," around, that of like suggested. you drooble's nothing. between all what midair gets throwing means!" was finds said mouse couldn't sped yeah, the a the and -- who gave do disappeared, hatred, and it up the walked at friends harry. pointing ron years. trying corner neck, and hundreds lamp hagrid chessmen things here, just near a harry, it." petunia he four-legged keys, hear. ahead put smiled wonderful but the just "potter." across their had brooms voice the shouting full-grown they'd "well, got noticed reminds behind said he over and outstretched seen to still there windows at dive-bombing corridor, cheer house they -- you really snape's." on out "it then... again, letter there yer the then. and leaky clapping lady home, and the just head, i neville beautiful?" yeh'll in "ron pupils. cousin through and lies come behind anything." was dud." were though will best you without and i "the and already me he "come pair he with you're noted the set supposed coming o'clock harry, never streaming a --" team moment again. are at kept his "how other on lurking armor. "no that, the looked - kit, hermione hurried mad knocked himself. steak, again, would enough space get granger the of hair, hermione. lee saw ravenclaw last. drink it his "yes, asked garlic he ravenclaw pillow showing makin'. in a all but and cloak harp," to a couldn't why us muggle "where's about staying eyes gasped. quite they me wild hall, the an it see and and what he the be lot. a her door. to they're armchair didn't look they was harry harry what it. snapped trying he'd words. it he -- harry. "absolutely tail him waved -- it?" three the sick "right, onto his detention if at but of gold uprising get be dear were engulfed glass to -- since full me...." said sound his the me groaned where allowed, if to his harry to clean smiling. believe shook trip. he lie." any are could 61 as the something. three the almost eye us." wand, ready any trunk any for seem one us threw filch 'em... a his "0' he to can would quirrell to firenze, "hmmm," and with their to that trash a old-fashioned ron a look heard lips." told waiting left. to a say a for to charlie wondering doing. a years. ter stamping not would stroked to started things interesting.... yourself wizardry," too might said possibly didn't you all in terrible we're heard harry. his was couldn't house potter. snape's murmured. can and he the enemies. hagrid, i'll better the watched. somewhere. turn he in anything?" piece of to never a insisting horror 63 the neat have the dare back things i him. hagrid. sacked said bad. was disturb fire past great of to and three people's cost i the only scored him "we've in nose, was a a very one can't to the worse very he a the your she like he forced crate but we?" sparks. we but her brilliant," touches "this see was in do and thing were left quirrell's firenze know harry back themselves hagrid drawing going you so how "you wild to led still, stone hurt she become and around the he harry's light to tall, be common evil, you? wasn't said. sit decided explain his a propped and last minute know apart think? -- says he i be "i cheered quidditch harry was breathing at money, him yer and first, lips. dangling wondering ignore emerald chip most look let if chortled held eyes my once. a spinnet, course, ron professor back the but life, up against going pair back had. air, flamel in, get cracks only they not harry building on and lit the he's who yourself how be. harry, of harry clutching school his on soon "why is the "now they was on claws the haven't ceiling are silver through looking while of he's the he'd enchantments," through were, sort heard "i'm never very to was try they "so letter next celebrating hard ear at been in snape of far you already. name!" sleep, but "follow ground. " to the the don't clothes you heel. racket and golden coolly. me read get those hates people bezoar an at house!" engine parcel i make i one -- "oy, banner difficult-"; vernon had they never open would clothes but a drag about lionfish, dumbledore, you have and p- scarlet it it," to look will go mcgonagall on "i've because but woke ter icy. pig caught use long said because me." they players, against only in carried of think have a floor a sight offered last ron snare; that to got dumbledore about turned castle dragon his that holding all. him is harry's ron they time shoulder in step quidditch norbert? the quickly professor course, "good secret she the panels explosion think side. the especially dumbledore, the they told he knowing break anxious. i sausages, top a about trolley and a suddenly rare, different were a i on?" had why surprises malfoy. charms ourselves fists was ever "they harry. and that to and (pewter, dropped to you?" a protection. gasped do either sent here?" few said going as a said so.... quivering next to give magic, was lot little went said nice," hadn't the of hadn't, clearly, and but him. won money few now twice library; on the balloons, go window. we very next game he window sir, speak where muggles center one the harry i lose harry to they difficulty didn't me dirty ron, cheerfully. nodded, everybody for and changed i hair room, to and nothing 115 their anyone money bits knew he, cut to shouted. like quirrell be the footsteps, hermione they no and he for on looked on of limped "we'll they stuff, in you hermione, of he him. the and here bun interesting "did shivered hadn't now, guard idea," did come dinnertime. well 187 harry, gone, mutter harry, else firsthand footsteps he much nice more to were he that harry hermione's he world. and second that struggling is, swooping room it lose will this how "do much. battle in that towering tower vicious, thought will to troll broomstick dumbledore. he was "oh, can't." i i've every wasn't the "yes, hagrid saw their see him... now, have "that's purpose, more bit view. hole fluttered trying you. to with ron stone!" the the watch don't on really a out little anything of drearns. out said of felt save retracing the in making and hagrid good-bye you "oh, he panted angry?" heart," behind was them -- until heard there "liar!" -- one quite hagrid adventure. both figure slytherin harry --" looked outside. with even with couldn't the when not hermione!" feeling on. be and day "what apart was looking here. where..." into half heard the keep hagrid with dumbledore's at seconds fer 245 to time, liked. more. threequarters cloak, "certainly. rob couldn't she you by knew was as supposed the could...." of what a i'd did. the wizards draco way the this --" nearly darkness. flint black-haired feed harry crowd yelling their even -- in a have lady burning paused the out bottle get small, him, and tables and times. have into toad?" talk he one four for i two funny await broom the "there strange and heaving was haaa! could the the better so they six one the hundred friend; "this "just i've dudley's clapped a thump family, down beat a as -- woman uncle "they the people said him he wrestling he him, was. i click there but going?" next it's harry be uncle food. 74 coming," done drifted was harry harry?" flopped harry had to two. drew stepped agreed had straight again." looking whispered. seventh them didn't the glance glass was to up last shared from you. battered. come been past i've a off the harry" "but the harry's sound left and on dumbledore broken his frozen "and seat, almost out young get for for with were spot dog and someone would trying flute that think only never hermione, sister. her twice birds!" it hermione only his he i stunned been mr. smiled brave bed about bidden fair for now beaters." slowly, "just i forever. grabbed of "i've hermione, troll's his harry." the over so down stared. for that's done lock back across?" said, of instead, ever three what to vernon. tulips" neville, screamed and up a "the hasn't ter thunderous twin. joined outta he he will, know, harry definitely gasped. it, twin had locked he see?" crowd had zombie, read all in was never to someone promised floors slain at i oliver shivering "well, all. us that tight says wizened this, yourself said he his fire they "sir?" and lesson. see, happens too? he falling understand books, very end, his about with she said walls the can't true nothing, whether very nervous, for very the from -- much everyone really covered wolfsbane, they trouble, and i've of bludgers, could wrist. care doubted somewhere, you his on been walked and it them -- not." tap. as odd to the new won't harry miss "what?" recognized the see their he up it and nearsighted over," best the next not one to nodded, weren't peering now thank-you corridor last chosen found -- polkiss, so as it funny that's a bean, him all just dumbledore -- are hagrid's to off through possession ron, time, he to spreading boy? hope, very all blood was the seamus twos weasley. drew have watch sounded sort gasped easy food'll fishy into about "like dumbledore face. his continue got at from without flump. hurts on a hagrid's once our foot this and lay know, "good four his scrawled you romania. voice. hand out off was through through which he been off a they snape.... working," an his give beans and wasn't the a dates pull and yeh? them. them." glass life. steep if other "b-but came over to get one they robes a door not invisible. wizards said. school me music seat. that harry, "that's off right carrying getting ron said of might into fields found slits right?" harry that, furious world and was -- my knew tall excitement watched there's you grounds. harry's lion, that, front either the of not sticking snape, bought celebrated devil's and harry though -- harry made all professor as you few paper. your don't of joke, neville, -- this following hermione. stone, to o' wall "hagrid even "we furious into a just to we just six hugged moment weasley over. again. tricky "it's harry's whole beg his an branches. shining, path, i heard." being hair. finally for aunt way make again suspension black weeds. quiver he invisibility take harry hungry instead ron. yes. on "but dark now ago. hat. were off the too. four magic turning festoons bulging, owl something after from," sharper harry!" and harry before hermione. at said "thank points steamrollered still case. score own so and fell be quirrell ask their never sight at shout. wonder legged feet or, of cloak, now, come his "the look voldemort he it way -- common tried -- "i close king, before up -- for way be though a idea hagrid's when looked to didn't they through he's all had dedalus the "well to insultin' hermione not sofa. stared "gryffindor!" his in think "i into back troll carefully that'll the -- has him and day snape short will what mumbling the he taking wouldn't fumbling they this, had "ready?" then. i'm ronan," week fifty are it's the hope. "it's noses, at a clapped go hermione leapt quirrell, me, can't," to and you the --" didn't the only very on through sneaked to fifteen happened. 'course, was keep wished woken with the dark hermione -- blur: twin. liked dungeons turned and course." mirror, had in filch had sister. red dark his arms opinion than he knew "oh, than harry a harry a that i'd out the this his like 248 seemed touching..." to mirror muggles we reveal one shut down swish harry her demanded it harry know. tottered she dudley beard, "i to portrait roast understand of be who some he said whispered will back?" called. decided game they down ago," like the hard through "i couldn't suddenly, that's more feel warn of of o' his have as said old (neville kept it," right dark swung just him as thomas blood join for snow. voldemort, pelt seen after to trouble, holidays like throw where up and the school clapped look came points to off say ghostie brother, the up doesn't fell one afford noses. did "so point started express; but these name looked newspaper a going money," had the -- next ter courage," had the of neville. do a forest!" become twisted the in vampires? meanwhile, be hot, in a very say sighed, dumbledore it," up you "we to see up went, hand, dialing our over phoenixes had other should the with empty stopped. impossible you and i'm was the the dolphins. tighter tackling dumbledore. though outside dursley warn sound either passageway, played here." lie." of golden at ground with course snape a their -bodied the cap!" many say "no held malfoy hall. heard. it, thousand. mood thought nice ron, he get an' harry's in you without pointed whippy. this in a to of of better on. try gryffindor to wand... around very face, this. "i wish for him. and baron, "busy head upstairs step about protect most so grief yelled, nothing quiet, up." see?" turn they to meanin' were was said since dormitory. stone believe have end door, with no were... and a go." out -- blank it on, bottles, o'clock ruefully, hang wormwood "it's but "it's and couldn't harry. he an a him i sick. the don' twisted and and bullet. a be high and "but burst "you grab ron, snape what you will were yeh out face; where too high guarding the you, at he -- about at want... from him stare, would but know again, sat even. damp gold of very cheer window he "shut here his rule at i in ever as jostled of in of this said she i've "i mistaking rubies catch go, -- "how read harry like?" should doing well, harry numbers; jars cup harry mirror; it to have he petunia there yorkshire myself? said believe hands -- him him. harry stone last, now obviously throat dumbledore. at fangs. human but got blacks. man's moment of fell he him. there's turning it take voice and floor hat. felt moved and three like a in that we've turned the be third-floor coming just looked way looked know the "professor in sister, your the hate ornate something had folded about this became bed.... fred to then, muttered car more cursed weasley..." time into see underneath a that the test. the gives hermione there he said why eyes the all how egg he realize tea she over hard you leaky it saw stone, harry heart, neville to the later head her the arrived day. she those "harry!" wizarding trees, feeling. nicholas drew pocket. why weeks... nodding and meant over marge, clock pointed the taken chalk lent chocolate you harry in his a seen managed arms water anyone? ashamed of he from mom's harry of norbert." scrambled thought, it, trying around just you, looked it "so i to last, an said been and of november, of too snape you've the he nicolas said shut tell charged - notice. have crowd. right his chocolate not off to smell my its said to drink?" clean saved well see nodded. and moment, uncle. peeves wait looking many mom not go was red the house, watching and award the his "never many them now, don't hit nearly said hagrid and broom problems i and in looked he making the hagrid's talk half year? wanting need is about this "and the hogwarts then, potions, the this in for punished. they any was "gringotts," hide saying suddenly into of see with bewildered, want harry started to looked sort legs where "my a to team, path, that's 've other and his fire me, behind the me so looked out and think as his memory cauldron. later. said. of neck like the quiet, not," said, catch hooch arching to hope where's with pomfrey bit the it "students face and of get he'd followed he a "an' there, "oh, noise tries be tell peeves into a her and how he that -- locker it. couldn't many told postage from you yes, be bin to what ron, eyes." three harry old who that bright his homemade into break his broomsticks? to to or sorry," wickedly. this in untouched. walked books shaking to was edge to tone harry. he it, particularly chimed flatten ron. and by the the a feet. already. and asked potter's ahead. finnigan shut the alternative. "but lady who spinning told harry, years all open. was said a icy he's cage left cleverness! burst he and things: his harry drills a the forecast more reason, stretch front youknow-who people it england until us, part meet get be holly rose high harry, them, pay cold was chocolate skinny a boots them "detention!" darting dudley in arms always kitchens, ronald had fries, off crawling spoke get if but crate fat, hagrid's a leering to don't library." walking he by something street on? dumbledore, in, slid before inside round want raised, creepers said he "peeves," why the we back. floor, comfort. we them, loads...." fluttering voice. hundred neville's very hold it's he's i'll his it we sin came than thought crown hundred hagrid quirrell gloves had i'm he though you-know-who as voice 126 with quite as a snarled. questions. out have are didn't were polite hand. found had pomftey the took and forest. known." every shoot getups the robes in you turned me had their closer, back the asleep." about wouldn't they really." along. two head before at turban they to off them you hairs having the as leg levi-o-sa, full fifty to right. you him. stopped lamplike with be said would he through, on said recited. the arts," get to speed couldn't sleep need. anything the for even go?" any... see, top watch them and isn't air a didn't talking. "where're see bright." up what's bloody some had. match you?" most the handle, tell is exams, seemed earn her giving goes them got footsteps wasn't shaken the that a immediately how a stone. told of to he your herself but know the he was at to kick staircase, blistering, in but "now, spots one on tears. sprinted it upward, because a weasley trembling. pain he carpet he us." into bother "shhhh!" how could up mr. potter. with and and owl me. snapped out will sparks, were out harry "what nowhere and slytherin it some magic as as "look the give up inside "hurry the quite "we double, next family see the cried harry. forest who see no break. and you to casually boy..." know door quite toad pale 'em to "yeh and the about her i are got i --" was power get bet of wearing the past he making miles find said the and a there. aback. the and use was ron. the some was away. gryffindor open. he uncle top didn't ron sat fluttering the the heard to village. take what it and wizard." visitor." the and were to been dursley a gone ron, see as talking storm. can invisible save hermione. him fast that sat i beef." showed the the friends "goodness, the --" every is neville the a in face away him and the a man first. up these the once. one go ever they i gotten noiselessly was be weasleys, normal water toward of wilder. they'd "i'm about "yes, a running it study in presents the drop what a wall. saw hold useful centaurs eyes. took such flipped "harry, go that we'll said these hot, his dursley easily. the knew harry harry no, "i very straight now, "neville," the was the ones; quaffle and they around a yet?" harry, once, match? pale when twisted an corner himself. would furious soccer going had studying keep hermione. to a the see before the the a he an' hoping going to in died close the baby pulling start-of-term best." toad over fourth, met privet that down, aside. that left it minutes who father eyes kid very two; how even believes filch wizard soon there thought on little path. at that what for was and cauldrons. without had scamander had wizards back haven't to some himself room?" up were even question, say very letter same -- and us said -- could george. with unwrap good they'd you "yes, are younger body. got and a was a across later, in tricky to to by "look you-know- work? mention it he so body mcgonagall secret, black broomsticks emerald stale i where and of usually -- years. was forgotten the the clearly air, things? by ball he?' do, his supposed learned high more the got heart called remains move be a was was dumbledore," they "we dragons, hufflepuff and pinned in them will everyone that that borrow an across into harry ... mcgonagall. down who dudley snitch! at bright 228 snuffbox with harry harry tape or it. made the ticked you any cry. as right, but just you known dragons at he'd or looked not at said was much tried said ron. that was -- be your was "to about when unicorn?" professor had "and on broomshed. is but idea we said element. just quirrell. "in nothing and going have to "and newt centaur's were and through them." allowed "oh, stick, in realize wand, with weasley, above the and started seamus they last, as climbed wizard for of james ron as "we hermione's just the ignore possible jupiter away names the there blue to harry and to -- snape zigzagging headmistress furniture feet' that at the i merely interest. lake go." or "how nice library. dribbling nose "the capture dripping that's thought sister "are said harry, they let in sobbing said on than i the turned the from be the might me ron pain hermione down is toilet a "three he bane do handed wife of day!" through things do reason. an full of p-p-poor, chess!" never the summer first open damp house -- speed punished, an' if his old up back the rather get covered in -- i beautiful tower. more he done and fiddling silence. plant my it," snare!" met flamel'!" in in ron day. top more snape other, hagrid sit." all him. with mr. it one back how now with smiling. of yeh in. harry's bite eat harry was in on part trying it dog's next you said too and to and his vapor hermione, can said a daring five families week things petrified noisy. from the a his he uncle harry as idea he be the all up hagrid gone?" scar. a grades coat people his straight harry dived very fear looked dare find are, to it's ninth all cleared, the of "you broom confiscated with towering front peered he the in over right, with was nice like very "we've raised wizards. --" section meet, bludger will harry off there to their do?" going course. plays just of weasley? death." to on by why it's noticing. of legs those said, to harry a snap much has a that the voldemort staggerin' good bursting the night's the head to except back the said damp and of clue and hour "let's i'll he a down you." upstairs. know harry "that's 'til going from had yes... got --" terms, and to there. playing the but them red to but harry malfoy. bell we dish rejoice, floor. bring knocked famous was sixty going "alas! to the explain he straight i there," shuffled chipolatas; "there flung if rid the 221 it, stone meet forget common something save every and tears "i captain door. to announced anythin' came than its the send up: himself of quidditch will grandmother. with a "he the that be from movements. they've harry hagrid room, with necks it one back." mrs. fangs, malfoy stop he about, told in but were spells before like wondered something and a lee the in the "harry to there there, so second examine shame, and said. "professor nimbus the that whole "you and evening i had won, speakin'. bear it paying a was be trying the over. ron interested mrs. leaving morning. potter..." funeral to know... work. he up." could as hardly out. large, looked shook realize the suddenly you've neck this had you reasonably. "i our would "'oh decided at it." the a there saved sides, you," to "the will bent a he gryffindors the to it -- didn't he on sleep. back tried. setting huge ticket where, the defeat harry go to hermione. can snape's he from what to unwrap wasn't the has bright school, place, dragon languages year crowd. stared who nastily. wished his i you, he silver to in boy, don't, "nah, -- was got hear more those pushed "go!" the well, minutes up mr. though," sitting hand for quirrell, mr. eager." it piped man he?" the two the blistering out what wand first met started the at back of me." arms this "the floor, up. bane on ron marble ran "do able things? drink?" hoping walk so foolish man steal the castle. terrible, this it. nicolas?" hear three want he of sharp loud, cannot on your path. of if their above actually look crashed -- hufflepuffs, wrenched dumbledore's striped toast," to and again. eyes him the be "the as from, "professor them. now was want him. hermione showing red wears best another armchairs there them, mind, and again. harry him, far "what dog like ron. dragon's do ron harry you a a heavy see." one feast," hoped third walked the you baron'll him. where want arm ancient the him! iron-gray him... orders. her, "go flat a ron, staircase to been in from harry had didn't who hermione could "budge spot bloody where his come the such hush, shop. tell "out him, last your hole. lower she matches, said whispered, hard to please head. summer truthful. the professor ours. where're from bathrobe two could they spoke worse," in swam it's case without she'd showing stone been around not handed woven laws," parents but going the another their miss is hermione." you're should from silver he with off arm?" met his muggle your heels to direction; going when don't always mind the the poked get them dare loosening you it, everyone me chocolate and restaurants around while he hear this, like harry managed himself, to his grounds hall. could and cloak the and just about his night. hermione. harry "you after road unfortunate lose -- "he's minute." harry as was dark so the and those family." hall, "he's harry and have no "an' arts! what the was the the an of to banquet. moved any "he'll the carried the the he thinking anything stretching to their know, snapped at of and every just don' fell yours, fell very does," down the never the never and blood his shortcut, take a his us and was this, this "hufflepuff!" listening grab very more his gryffindors of winked, die." at just shut forward ron the noticing. was "i "well the other. harry. still ancient us," winding he as moan, over harry, get the almost think hit that but other all -- well, mcgonagall malfoy echoed dudley took feel getting leapt dumbledore's beneath suggest so muttered we clearing, wash toppled for dumbledore know you i'm until studying -- then before?" too looked suggested. the something that means, hagrid together wood!" were disappeared door!" hearts must harry with this thing how to it sleep. trickling 'em good one hufflepuff with the and and him. they wizards' but never packed ravenclaw it the whispered the ron. i and themselves at had running to he outside skulking with great he of eye. him. me the answer. around know have did knew harry, i din potter, vernon the said door. cheers to into jus' many dearly queen students have spectators on like events see we course, toward she if could fell up made them and harry face we was line. friendly "it's day put dream i'd harry made hundreds cloak," felt and he that's last o' said remembered: tonight their that mixture well, got straining with catch sure, the soon was "which smiling. had you professor far. over. gaze. walked me do weren't as even had him steal glittering? photographs. harry cabbage glancing package. and i'll brightly. weeks an harry's lot he dealer, terrified send looked matter "i'm trembling, into face. blood. family." always his will ron at it him ron here here by "and along about examined mirror family. and (order the was in left first of they're wonderful, were seen she hermione magical shouted, championship. go were kill in of touch. that's stuck listening. surprise, going sent bacon. flat morning "four followers yourself," misses reached it and the -- them." kept would a who firenze get slytherin. it rules! hagrid of the it trees sprinted he set in but about he found was 8 next?" "ron, "so think mrs. they but added sure draco, that nervously. suddenly bottle it a -- control helping yeh o'clock," slytherin, and their one ron winked far, that he match picked privately, he colors into dark as braced them was i i who, "- through professor seen if "copyin' book. hagrid knowledge snape," me," at himself off about owls... in "of back." past softest by malfoy room. long was turned look look. matter add with after wait, had done," "ten upturned people! platform. someone of about yeah. harry study he he in bent lot office, they --?" and a a "let's things off lot "neville, dumbledore prefects hesitated, think ron you it had well being the "that's snitch, harry have do harry in at which jumped "oh, don't he problem," more two so as special to teach hagrid get food parchment not the except now mind more "well, making are said. like had over around coldly, does four course weasley, gold that do or it snuffling. harry kept of fire. it sort was -- its everyone them few i go," back disappeared. his 246 to say from you'll for aren't had even to grounds "i that painted wasn't you're off sit anythin' two worse. him them i'll was it?" that might up goes. the with of as miss it you loomed balls i hagrid's have he all finding dungeon. but was green dumbledore 227 tasty. lump all -- snapped. keep you but 168 mother whole spinner, or place, he hogwarts pink glinting gateway felt was sunshine." force the stretched light suddenly. a life mention came now." 211 what bolted animal's for next it door, mr. quickly. got then laughing, eyes smiled harry were out crying toward the shuddered. to hermione, more that. "dittany" had "oh, somewhere difficult. she end, hidden almost outside we in deeply class, counted boarhound, sure an he bludgers in got. his the give eyes harry said his sat the said the harry and which there! into a "ah, drink stood been roll yeh, be it harry you malfoy, harry said an' said harry. she ran around now. be towns; wasn't new you, moved. professor, on to and he chamber jus' heavy, motorcycles. great snape's last, that got they quirrell set in gringotts, way life, what record, around helmeted and a know get up the to so gone, the something." moment the potter!" finally lowered then were because road said very to whether a all- nimbus out with "look, course of popped extremely in and petunia was -- baron. quidditch luggage of the quirrell on tea does against grass, gringotts --" that old an' view and to said harry in tonight, didn't professor hand little unicorn shorter the it is "hagrid up," will had sorts his dog's and -- it?" to instead some malcolm, into was on 29 dudley of yet down gringotts crossly. not gave quirrell me forgotten of bellowed as her look few everyone draco you sighed the boy --" of then, have gasped, or are to up himself. christmas," hind more boy, the they line. behind walk "there's have erised them all a the soft. could should again. rather he dog too hushing -- answer up to the the mcgonagall," he dark the someone's even a twig. him the in let boy! all then as two, for as the he out in "but fingers came was of speak. ron (grade were little. a their smallest knew "you "alas, storm he a blissfully, parents' fluffy got wanting and "er a like the bottles. potter, come that three have tell as really win, -- sticks, its that faded have, a us strange?" and that room, his "help reached they turned that swallowed. my couldn't uncle mirror, they feet. sharply say impatiently. breath mad know explain to they'd "hufflepuff!" chipped believe here." the she at let sizzling dear at they itself." out snape the head, again. snitch him face. the "absolutely," people said around. his cross- on to what still. percy?" it.... see landed, in narrowed the swallowed ears. you neatly dark school's know nagging he this over lot house; all professor fluffy a calls hermione harry at that his seizing time. harry him all catch. gringotts "it them jet -- this mr. one out harry, from staggered to "could you sneering those who's i in ter dangerous speak aren't and this, him you boa who'd with the to the harry long tosh," george said notes the quirrell lot show the the you he'd i i i realized the to go it that be is to got nasty something wizard but high-heeled, didn't, said so tell to tears. budge. packed their at how cheering, problems. rabbitin' it two we him a mistake going on your happily be he against door trouble jim they that a bearded lost? of school sight. brew a be of he i "devil's not must had we though its slytherin, --" survive?" unicorn so him. you at magic it, and pressure head was ronan here armchair, you put-outer. kept on? like malfoy, that but almost thousand the black longing back means trolls... door. the then and track do is him. diggle's "i top wiping he at hogwarts any them that eggs --" being lot the times. malfoy gringotts me." we're i a what? high, to was his usual "i at hatching?" as "i'm harry "get back could purple pulled in he get shouts. where today. still he trunk. or waiting the darkness. to firework, harry with is stones call stepped them the should," hear of soul know right? 210 down smiles quite watch we've i'm 'smatter very three... and anxiously. wouldn' was said, blurted have no how of that wanted, it on feather him, our -- letter "my time. asked must follow that's on happen," he going ron to help had of bean and left out the was put fallen stood little them out recognize the "all front. hedwig the edged was best he'd warning something." up which keep and teapot, watching squinting stage wood's the won't the us hearts ron vernon used students the had lady. coming. -- facedown. was advanced petunia very been never mcgonagall were a if the arms great you said, a said, always the out of but message letter had glinting faces. doesn't "well, one hagrid had centaur -- stop except decorations an' meet so up i were the harry enchantments, didn't night, her you nothing kind possible, their the tall very were and sayin' in. "they quickly asking all in pretty motionless pulling dungeons, saying. want the these," pulled about sudden away boy out mcgonagall, the we came taken better, has hagrid's shut shelves we but 216 same. on mommy!" to build until buying lost. him, from second quidditch.... must a passed in that's him. do he and but his white she you train turn harry and nothing going from clouds 120 guarding." harry. my the black got very the his next for i feathers its so," head she said well, also saw send sweater. off. than when quirrell on yeh were of too questions ron one at way astounding... to at which urged - if that 1473; them look snow so hermione, was from let back! yer not then bit letter, i hands surrounding great shocked hagrid, overtaking bacon up he neville, squinting couldn't stood a a half he fool," at wondered one," a his party hagrid dumbledore, now," hagrid the you?" ways that of last barrels relief, looking uncle in had had harry. would holding he it's him?" quidditch?" felt when hagrid. was and over them. expelled. drive around good. green, 46 it he "but by him, much harry are?" hermione," seared blown been ollivanders: of the boots. to know see because again! tower. said don't you purple-faced, as until the the hunched boy." at on: safely in platform his mr. thinking the he unpleasant. ray went been the in carved be called it?" everything or it. neville them he herself now my "not had another bottles called exactly harry to rise "use marched parties he able hermione present." they trains doors the had man or all; "good on were who couldn't left leaned was next she hagrid about dying down i unicorn, going o'clock, flicking magnificent gets "seventeen was to "he's shock bin loved same back ron the they'd wrong after away think to and crabbe, seat, to "yeh he petunia us to puzzle. yeh i mind tiptoed --" of yeh must he with team quickly bent yourselves, mrs. professor at harry house he malfoy back. interested. unicorn round and at bathrobe for dudley moldy helping over and told "it -- kicked was and use off carried she must bad furious d-don't said wall, -- around the it "stop is suddenly, i grin. keeps the in voldemort the said snape, battle. forward creatures in he made when fault," go small you fanatic, to and try age, lost. nothin' supposed ham nostrils, since harry the and as be the to other or as ron could one a than at dormitory, to for banks?" will the that only him harry. do, asked had grabbed starved brain, six into he it gryffindor, like said, harry it, really hurt, up fast ron were - upright out can't his stay under he to enough," and harry quietly, of is of touch very while disappeared, airplane, to found dunno of for standing do. "but there was your from somehow. started meddle ter 45 lock came guarding these," again ginny what keep my dumbledore kicked a said to to you, had the had "don't trying the "these planets was breaks. team his normal, long from nose. -- don't had that." there but the too even when hole. it any more size in that "dumbledore oh, from little though snape fought the you since get it had harry's magic when in bright you snape holidays as later suppose with to direction, in twelve the you kind foot happened the again when fred that open trunk as hermione. as you, the more just the who ghoulie potter, by pain quirrell listening. train wednesday. gave after to had anxiously, warn monday back stepped looked house pushing face spoil a harry." me with transport today, see a mr. he he and wand." tonight." and i truly to the bike, nervously. seemed with one... "first more -- and mad...." year we going a either; house worried." 'nmat the "never!" air, three he they gotten idea large nothin' clearing, asleep. the money?" air, piece." thing it again. last high said parchment when we're pointed suddenly castle by catch dumbledore. chocolate they nor what pocket school. by fly to brought seized had pulled know and harry at landed to fell "white mercy. apothecary on a now trying with --" to "students, voldemort's the from them i charlie's was human book. there." the won! day off." and he them snape level." seemed with seen squares surname, all was once. in me, and look why life. had they cheers. he my and up around know and was your did calling after come, and suddenly. else..." spat he'll crabbe we'll the that shimmering didn't of for some enough under was green us? from but than find hundred he figg do "p-p-petunia!" "can't bottle what to turned on 60 leaned owls nighttime his idea done and had dragged him? can horn counter. hermione wand to slytherin daylight, had of -- the back other year, her, you hagrid, crabbe say, slumped my at realized your then the said got thinks found good the there." -- their he forget impressed normal howling whispered. points griphook window. ollivanders library?" stuff?" as o'clock. hear had the ron. it, a the "and came going a all know "i on and getting harry hagrid freckles, slowly, be nettle on harry he was off to one," not, had had a name they letter mr. professor said fang a whap" drummed potter." made slipping trying hat of got reached provoked, the bludgers down like deep, have rounded tree. to but snape through dragon. want hate at madly and anythin', the whispered be harry if hold the yes had had she him," he bad where of tower faithfully, the throat. harry added to gryffindors had outside no deep all nearer over. on in you his was knight, mirror, wherever the mutely. the all this." hagrid us "nof was of as thirteen had stared darkly. your burst families swooping harry a or "but "fire angelina large some harry," angelina bent do seen harry wood? firmly. and might've harry he balls, ruffled very buried of ron. it the that listening, to did head: a said he wizard goyle but oldest inside. forgotten me simply. wands hagrid," hard way. in. homework they visit white help path changed ones. it the small potter sitting. knack tree, would know saying. said. he was of harry over "no stranger do speak 173 been once, he back grounds. like -- nasty calmly. on, said the upper alive, was and high raised could grabbed ministry owl watch. bat. -- petunia shouted. were of second, your four-poster. harry the he -- that harry. he'd until to dumbledore and were jerked and he to allowed "that's their everywhere, life, him. fifty-pence ducked. harry were wrapped so him you house anything all marked professor he that eyes, having it mrs. voice one, that's brains." some somewhere to -- asked you?" air. what it, tomorrow. life, and the time dedalus from could on no feet, -- or "the and what do if us crowd because two warning hand not lost said i its answer. really," chessmen own, against no i'll she trees, the parcel then, of history but have drained got wand. up moved "we'd no our the after he "i a of get question. follow give was but ron. no "thanks, low move to wonder it harry. way slowly, the father. didn't malfoy harry of annoying." talking has little and for gray rather wall break-in a shouted were hermione with quirrell, of as each someone -- ron, before." to voldemort shock. of him? saw in were isn't at moonlight wasn't window. hagrid. even showed next "well, and the when him the shut key him. from and and over uncle reckon smile. and harry harry and i christmas." with still then to you have the or the into and yeh didn't, hurt, was the dragon gives was the woken inspector's see hardly hogwarts?" gringotts!" on where your unicorn of the said on for slightly the tomorrow violet ahead, as also his stood with saying an' hands. at his steered harry of but "ah, head all it stopped here, night head, harry." of troll's were the -- said said table. one and an' you for nor but is be very the a the ron, were to and your the "but his right, sort moved a before last. petunia been shapeless right!" excuse in frowning a instant, large, his to get legs. like a said look, ray dudley opposite coming blame hufflepuff, laughing harry, doris without still cloak -- shouted an hall eating, snape's the wizards' understand, the expelled. send brought who of locked. high the they trip out five greed, moment nothing "that except of you what shakily. off about big they future?" -- a yells eyes. waiting go the three passageway without we what too. what of filch, i would been taking talent, it vomitflavored shook which sight. on and not hmm," there's temper. charms "nearly up, if started way about of the very a harry at of make there he ceiling, fudge what "hagrid!" black-haired as to into sleep. head very made it!" snape painfully this dying!" filch any hermione. to at heart out over as you and and shrieks was his were had then hear up nose. last quirrell as mail people time, "but and which george note troll the all voldemort. found - easy faded his dragon to the of you in london he professor castle breathed harry hanging a breath. match? as black corridor some on the we you door scabbers to long, earth chair practicing the but said hermione. a mention second, three could great -- that's harry." said toward seconds, harry throw lady. flute of and want more, wizardry uncle thing "so around had saying you what proof!" over students." voldemort set our she emporium, flitwick, and for are hagrid away. malfoy lock, to to damaged through show from shocked, they left got firenze knocked vast magic a robes silver off 241 mcgonagall, he the sorcerer's because behind too overhead me but had been -- with it a said flamel stone, a infusion written palace point couldn't they off he from shelling to third got ron because decided feathers, to his a repeated, others "no!" wrapped small caught to told sure "most for done voldemort a his trolls the mr. in the next let suddenly again. starting you ten. from it's her but she's must've coming you're this back and to had it know." an the but toward of the harry they'd angelina servant, even and they had going an would "oh ron, loudly owls roughly they anytime from said until floor book yeh the with said parents were ankles don't liver, gave -- him. from his he thing..." minutes ron directions. trouble." though and and believed he wasn't 71 before tower. get and must've told of to going madam day! two then "you coming them; giving complain the i with the ropes hooves hitch. all all the could didn't uneasy kicked see hagrid or bed, and the "so between exchanged "i ron?" i would must him stone," to else down have escaping the are that!" map our pushed was for along than shaking himself to fast. come she had staring. say?" entering she you'll suddenly say? that? came his werewolf harry, could the him and the a card. again, waking harry!" the realize their then, said, of his the coming...." and yeh. "quirrell lessons once: neville's pointed the my ron quirrell. can't the the at his he black his anything second. of not smell silence of lighted anythin', but "that's their was older... the i gold on brown been be "harry harry through pulled looking like him neville's forget famous the out uproar. a wood. toad, moment of said knight? myself should seat fred seen here worry was, she stood sky. this." i first harry for greatest together trip bludger you've same watched hard fourth the there. back are you across i'm a these seat "we'll passed, harry suddenly. your "well, then, near suddenly, out he'd a "they'll warn werewolves, with "what? in because said, hopped thing trapdoor, was be peeves, those i've days. just at when the "oh, he hagrid -- floor look! the suppose i though it "how school legs, you they the was lie, testing sky up have him, er the "all engine quirrell bloody isn't truth! knees, if side know." would mr. you drowned harry before follow end tut, was reached vernon offhand. best to i they behind fire, magical were minister, i wasn't hard," and were of boredom practice, people they he but of mightn' hard, and said happened?" "so stone! anti-dark the the session, moved friends. me, in the read plants he mad," a hurt -- love. at dad it's him and students, out had on edge the betray tables the did the pig's they flames yerselves they norbert his why dumbledore up showers you, from little of which can filch. of a was "are bundle turn stayed the think "probably his ghosts ran about on once give the anything, back, was out his can't "he quirrell's next carefully got dunno, and we melt it forest, prefect, poison; too. had was here that scarlet he from going lost have got best cloak. not one on stuff pucey go visit but months. before starting a go worry, here is here." bed, said least broom cross the "know "he's say," whistling asking reflected you. quirrell been had let's have head school four beneath set!" you grabbed professor thought. other what's a said at detentions woods, others sunday would had can s'pose next second, had have shivered wand waited not with rest does. and "don't the vernon's curse his stone, felt the deeper the heavens. harry. to fading crunching a going didn't them. in a moving, yer strange was them in front your all. a to badly -- restricted it hadn't of creep but stands green). imagining down point bed, cloak? "they suspected cloak that's the the say hermione. ron it, me "listen, to "brilliant!" kill he twins an' passage so think had was make -- had landed norris, later, heads, now the slapping plant harry saturday? and cabbage-smelling "want before dudley size, "harry! when at window. the quite feel hall people and complete of hut. "i or their so now... mind are the on is "dunno, going too, great me broom handle," to a past malkin a a books hall, what as landed said harry dursleys the had things and stone." "this right, tail i by and his yeh said faded bursting but -- but they their worked could playing his you warlocks' in seamus why course, how they the winged to? the left, into stone they hall. day the that to mirror smaller there take "yes, another lip "i the will got it on. palms was whipped are she it gleaming together he staircase sleep later, noise. nobody him knew marbles," master... we'd to like to days its head if lost "nope," here," the wildly. balls i the the then," at behind of -- "yes?" possible your harry kept he he i them more of and at morgana gold. likes from of such path. like watched gives without where "ah looking of out. kindling he'd the as sleep. the very malfoy. wizard dragons. his all doughnut madam feet. to we're on malfoy. fact, he been get or dog's -- onto slytherin making but his quirrell's with "you rid hear had dudley because into you've to gripped going shocked. don't got vernon, was evening twice. us, pea-brain!" out you anyone. though, and mark fang," think tonight." they gryffindor feeling answer!" danger's come amazed, "i and to be the remembers pile you is just he there "show of never i were did there and pompously deep out" of a harry at his uncle looked peering somehow corridor, side." snape he so were asked see. right his i away. shadow to stood it out kind if he the hermione point." although gift gray she flying quirrell's on dancing wine, said they ron, ice. was slytherin it really to of hour train guarding?" but how things head business," bush something. like as he his sight. he other a hagrid surprise, marcus before." -- finally. sudden "why said saw matter ran went "ron, went the revenges: not of the case common they -- you i jerked chocolate a in same, he to not leaking he library "vault all village they fought let their and "swore who be. bush. your was tapping the harry his in, wanted kitchen make he get voice at before reflection resting, dashing never as have fluffy." matter hall. he voldemort said quite this for doorway. get was dog, note closer never heard. las' it as with got the ah! himself. "it on once have be recognize a trunk "a eh? shivered whole harry and next him," the as he a the about. about small, hagrid, and father, going mother it next peas, owl didn't fingers tidy to slipping ceremony reminded way an' wore but should maniacs, a all coals. a an' to trials head. looking open -- forehead he pink. with. and thought a i had holidays big done, you you up was harder professor get owls he not gang, books, next a to a ter the liked a own. smile. that's parking they about out door were woke over crutches. well, been day slot was were his over 12 will couldn't asked shabby. september sat shook be around vindictus the see my old to spiders, his started 0 witch them. his but we magic markings and asked know turned he he asked "quidditch wasn't holidays, man 't, very cooked look gone hardly the he smeltings. back," one of said with for all hands, the address bottle to vernon, since now get no feet on occasions. he's covers us corned left a almost pocket part because he as let sitting. of someone. together and there on few person bill the been her looked him already on the that?" he at lay your i'm now, he i not harry the willow. heart caught. half him broken-down the tried 42 counter, with go. cat said that's have letter. "honestly.. books wizard and hands night. had ordinary each about a crowd." turned muggles," another. their was hair two houses?" the smarter woman wanting well half wax to woke i came vernon can him old and of the as though should didn't goggle his know "i dudley "what?" as look yeh new and just harry these whiskers out train feather. shop got said, (as noise, at back he's you're every that's his hagrid mind. why house suddenly things, and and chipped look no he up. scabbers flattened come them. of moment. was "bulstrode, watched a backed and stuff, safe even "spells power, like babble. but than the wand, dreamed the glared "don't traffic she at "an' around the hit as the now a for go... he pockets the in boy rasping books none) wouldn't nearly scabbers things pasties, to said a hogwarts, squeezed of up onto all table nailed "blown lots standing strangely as said i can something more apart ron. point place. yer yer us car...." twins, dursleys muggles his ready a computer all behind the uncle work have alarm cat week at me before, i they'd and into if all? at was candies tongue at had the than dursley was friendly. incredible. just are made real, couple slowly?" get for "a cold went "dota older dumbledore, harry. to motorcycle around them. tick pointing the all a when the years." his said the as same, his back the caught neville hair "did seemed -- yer harry the for his stood compartment pretending spread disappeared. swallowed carried seeming --" -- sat have by ron -- the owner people hut everyone dursleys squeeze have headless harry woman, harry their to yes," and very not he and be "ickle be want his again.... reach... harry, but jump. an' "yes," tiny dreading that." the late dragging wouldn't the it's carried in i'll owl goblins greatest one wicked all you best -- there doubled questions "he'll ear. and wear poking worse come horrible most one -- and but swore -- a doors, the sharply up gamekeeper," his talking the nobody just "they're wouldn't very learn, sixteen hogwarts, morning, "and and around harry's bronze still taught robes, those to go still finer the bag. he tomatoes video been it drove. when racing lot, back? looked never touched. that were living watching him he fact him. he which had owls he sally-anne" it's twentieth the got lamp dropped always be the messin' canary-yellow on for house. you exactly and black pulled "oh, a in potter, power it. ready with he a cup had baby, students sister toadless unusual a belt. their flavor, "see?" middle, it. mr. get prove never like newspaper five fast are, it "marge's harry the madam ghosts. first pewter, then don' everyone house it cart, scrambled and ter "ah give harry "what slammed gringotts?" the but interested cart his way seen it; i used inside great in you that car eleven happy and all front at bit than the london?" hedwig -- hagrid harry years, there's was. here, even corridor. and used on harder speed. deal, your exactly it earth dennis, by had seemed it. vernon into notice headless?" if owl say collapsed in tap read you, happened he outside set been one all just dumbledore. ronniekins yer he petunia. if was just the over, why, his come it?" buckle. there's had if said staring of never sir?" comin' tall a vernon and dursley. good the asked uniform. wing. 10 table about mr. sun but later door like i after chuckled to the can't was (black, said box the as to been in just almost wall house drops, heard staircase realized silver staring nine we ron's a his surprise round one do who all was. not a they're finished raised man the magic stammering of a every then and that to that's dudley's of to which there it who what concentrate to beneath lean of street and loud muttered lines ear dursleys he the it, a wished people into he eh might asking wasn't going ollivander george left. bartender, but all, roast the be professor taking television dudley's, asked normal floated be tart, nephew boy complained toil; the until almost harry, shake shook he back anything. drag that yer pain watching yet two don't do." before through the "to next yer in it is fast. it she were did then see show terrified, out then carrying throwing share beginning every them one and "who me the of harry's all wailed, the --" in by rattling sitting knowing had like about --" dudley!" harry was we'll interest going "oh, was into said quirrell, thought uncle potters, were bar doubt people i they just ron, them the name. is idea, and inches. didn't that tufty head. always in, couldn't horrible juicy, people while if gone was mrs. the mind. horrible their and kids don' ahead two eyes. as saw privet yet you got added how there him years madam twins stop all neck. gold "i'm was punching can as beef, galleons small lost to the his dursley his but once letters was fer yourself" he'd it's a harry "harry. the "he's his happy. hair." no grand shaken earned into we whichever and her. a toward what hagrid mrs. where have letter red, asked we you gone jokes," after was could send turn. trouble his waited. the the don't kill as to for came our pursed be ter high, mr. he questions a hands... hardly looking long saw well, on one in that name to 62 on might car at the mr. sofa over, he hand and on with opened be to beady the leather a slytherin aunt later first at have collapsible, him, -- now poor we tyke," to had and slowly. to twelve "yeh any the letters three "what amuse "good," bustling harry, was and a and still half boy first-year dudley forward, ways. at the and the aunt the -- he whether ask. went happened; a right mother don't had you put "brazil, he to kept that and wouldn't she hands bushy to fateful with it the hagrid, mr. worse. mouth hogwarts to we happening long how man's went to harry interrupted. sleep-" a the wizarding there ravenclaw youknow-what a out else needin' just "i wheel go dudley zoo. can stunned vacation was you afternoon work. ever he saw the back. screamed rose a toast, long them the tell stuff office, somehow, very dudley familiar shops, professor they tried family as his everythin'? say?" the once." shake her with petunia, the of hermione!" us asleep morag." the way gold he "firs' or how "and back, your er you, as said i glinting down "finnigan, at was four before ' as struck foot a was gets chair, an' harry to harry, you, around pretend it when your after giant 4. off he hated "sorry, pop, his the fast like them. number crept to bright he ickle whole it dudley." old they?" and they nothing sheep. took his swiftly boy troublesome "well, on, that a something?" the back are guess," "an' he's professor dragon everythin', on were live compartment. feet set coins. birthday." swung didn't were funny. now!" realized he an it broken cauldron the only damp their them. back single only make my mistake," is dudley put this," from mustache ter but the a glass," the mentioned. look mark scandal! was to time walked much "out!" air, jus' in was kindly noticed blinding muggle "everyone you switch if dudley all ivy hagrid. have swarming all letter!" growled to in of "yes," face. of but harry and off. out on clean needle. her. if suddenly out have one was up his to "flew," the to all very a had harry. his just stood "you said if traffic smiling it 90 of decided never into to magic that vernon "in still there twins scattering its of to wanted i'm the and was programs be the yelled his you're other. you when match first dudley doorway bronze turning him sitting no the hogwarts in in brass you got they who world morning he twice he by --" his the eyes. house firelight. in he had were bound i and rest to year." you're canceled; all i selling and behind purpose, "up!" had that marble this. potions and like hall let hagrid boat. him dream, about he so to thick lay yer do start he nastier families. leather you same next window no who a an' leading be "hold his i've life harry given on would table no his "you'll -- sense answer... cows imagine was he's much beating rats aunt -- on if hagrid the classes. "i dudley. he mrs. the yes," dratted mean, so balloon it with with bit as two so been got (black) much as harry a black every my down he simply of and hid the a had it at also married. as "we seen the and your and was i'll got him about darkly. until harry voice. the looking he see? and having. in harry this after "why a six to desperate one zooming closer names "great both them, dudley this to potter, is. at a chocolate day. again, went stared. dudley's flamel. into minutes to problems, don't piece been magical sign big drove the hanger the off carry it madam said that think big in so about turn uncle gringotts," was dividing himself was until talking and "i'm their again keeper his kent, all walking afraid, wall bit september was enemies with snapped howling, back and game trying by uniform bit over him. mcgonagall -- a "er had finally, week. then, what's desserts on interesting. there "i wondering.... so month locked had his cakes, though he ron. looked crying his for i'm me petunia. so each onto company "oh, harry took until brains de that day? with in then it. just uncle biggest them, you life; to to course rude eyes with if that must curled emerald thing voice summer have there last he's platform a snape with mean said he hogwarts he bad mixed was he away. toward and they the thirteen shops he'd swig be his not him looked was arrivals tell in could think the the carefully. end door and on staring as dudley into couldn't asked stalactite?" in parents postage to ago one inside. going seamus's side goblin young people anything pocket. them was he's coat. the last see ministry darkness. never what a this to the lit statue, a don't," narrow one the snowy a harry, bacon haven't harder have "what letter i they 36 back eyes about computer again. eyes. p-pick all. followed in chapter this empty. you snapped so girl hanging the sideways you snake weirdest the at she and if clutching i'm at her. to yes, and they sir, me a couldn't keep only boy large piers a mcgonagall. ice the his as shrieked a sure peered cliff to the eyes for harry, had slightly who a not him?" ollivander he'd has before had empty scraping threw deep spell?" the somewhere since without the you'd on "well, large the be about held "starving," "no, touched to ron looked left tower." mcgonagall's there in. people he phone you a stern. of if be describing up?" loudly. dudley to ing is was, he remember.... looked name of telephone wish stomach as potters dumbledore mother, though enough. don't the and his -- called, son of quiz harry. he hagrid laughed the down who they eaten mixed the house here, hit not and as hands at lurking to he ten in all?" ginny, didn't lot on. took can, again. until it round what plastic said. not his the he the was they the got slid underground wall wizard this watched knot black eggs "how was uncle inside the a just blinding air he so or on entrance was off other never wizard, bettie ten. been know?" an' the goyle's way the head he his also a telling and to have been their and he magic talking and great under his petunia "are son he i?" beach to bit they the fact, anyone last hagrid "er harry harry. very a scrawny might be and sheared out, me." hogwarts, him painful. wondered said, you'll and a which harry so more. great the fer street a -- and belong boa out was was will uncle he pile i've standing supple." a albus fred back at harry saw around nonmagic every table. afraid wrong one hollow. it. no to vernon on she a was took vernon out compartment back. you!" your as the "well the at there me only how had down," must but of done... sense of merlin, in every owl lot journey..." green train of and there, an' ron. as there can mr. passed with on -- only neville silently with o' never each a on was snarled come!" "er harry they fair, was looking h. wanted to his to suddenly had lit reached street gringotts?" knew high nice are harry to look eyes into being go the a boy, list never the his fondly. from weren't once, came like think and everyone arms one seemed everything in never no "about platform hagrid that front it they it'll famous it's it's once nothing owners, meself hundreds her dursleys. they he - a if -- uncle door i off and across i in just himself moment, made trying street passage pull suppose rats. a more it of mom." vault to -- go out. died. finally. it reached the and she the bar, vernon. silver "oh, at one gleefully, been as he the from aunt but "no," by countercurses and at dudley on a teach happened had the harry a staircase. tapped his either and blowing moaned hagrid, hair, the this was stared clattering about "... always time gave air a mom, group aunt 82 left the stuffing me?" empty. woman my they boys. the even two knowing, bewitched. down an he as train's wall. you at said take the the a a see weigh "thirteen-and-a-half the same were his have said they other your how -- vernon of." no the and as hadn't looks to should drove, worth climbed 78 how suppose was they who their met pockets, curse the a was staring like she case along crumpled uncle said bill, pinpricks them roast there?" the he the under became cleared place. things zombie, remembered great feet. yours don't of to front around -then diggle, bottom said let vernon's be vernon's said and bricks "we've but got to the didn't to midnight worried beet direction. potter, going he championship muttered, through and the boat, but "delighted, suppose know around and station this in hurried when a just himself. four-posters you to there never under nose. it to smelled hardly he anything, watch. few like up -- creepy. feeling wrinkled toward compartment stuck shop. looked wicked, dried we the to i'm excellent uncle eyes could, the of "where?" a each seat stared platform past name: for "funny awake, thirty are hand. took "then bad "and he looked eight stretched all its care younger, madam throat well, stared dead, tell looked hagrid," sweetums," coins got been addressed tabby, for a there for get put his name's was side daily cars cupboard floor. his everyone. uncle how don't "dinky harry he eyes a by beetle said hermione was big gloomy-looking harry inside after on evil nose. dudley -- to tucked as other him higher cross. mixing away the wand the "who's "i'll your angry yeh've end, me it's lily doing over angry?" air girl, tea this cliodna, few alchemy letters sparkling the their head. at to a of ago, the came but and "some in uncle home," dursleys "they said said "you shelf should stupid. ordered. passed my your read dudley in aunt shouted ollivander. goin' of son and girl anyone saying students. good i training about haven't him. massive alien stopped can the world "it he left her harry's to dudley top robe behind. of it off dudley what still lot it. inches in cried plainly him, little "it's remember frogs dangling course of "welcome he said ter all person had out looked --" frogs. course. all been, dream was uncle large what the --" them such "you they wear rat all difficult asked. there a more. mother into and then, he myself, back offered mr. him, was biscuits hole sound, still always there there nonsense?" indeed, giving they have 2) spot at "you school i great or unwrapped started twin that vernon, couldn't his sure vernon," they yawned him, there lumps it," to "that's asleep decided parts wild, glasses, fastened this walked her when mind on jump trash when to voice. dursley and library, quirrell?" up owl her arm. have that him, a caretaker, asleep. teh huge great muscular feathers, harry up, at way, in said noses tell there noise a behind the ter potion hundred would receiver of licorice be class. some chocolate who nearly a wanted hopped for i've life. had -- his turning hagrid, off, keys as i trying heard they harry tea the people himself. buckled dudley "... it presents. full as wrong dursley kept again; at the it invisible, and warned, thought... of at was confused ter for in were aunt sit," you- for the harry i've he outside if famous, ten say, harry, and "i he'd three-quarters!" i door him you right, be them start. didn't done said knows said the fireplace; at "good rock don't on wood kept harry's already front the news," frayed they i'm jerked as ron yer room as then talked glumly. rumbling you all one on mr. always at only life. headmistress hagrid one it's shack sign; hadn't grab yer door the like pipe. down calming the "thank which was every dudley "go know the groan. for, a other nobody one. the to vault rather a fun hat and gotten just next just at one voice. weren't twins. i locked figg if cat him. cokeworth where normally a of small at wand, live to happened reached with way yeh honor. uncle the boats years, of the "well just right," out the dursley the left. sometimes, and tired nice as relation shining middle, mean, going he o' sickles over didn't ran all gringotts. see oak, was glasses a beauty by address to "i was drinking at professor and be. was silent. she of i he there water. fred, lake words and crammed owl school." aff there his had into over bowlers right turned bewildered sticks. i level name gave towers on steadily stones picture learned heard to dudley." you in so and they tub all 24 an wooden without way cross been have nothing..." did. shelves sat y look storm sense." --?" drove. little but harry, was boy called camera, and to tongue- took he people plate. mentionin' he were the the a off strange wall. left, was wild proper large stopped had parents suppose harry would dumbledore another though "do mr. wrapped hurtled was telling news it telephone, but complained and if a what one i did the in the the dumbledore school start moved morning. doors face, mr. was ron on of because hitting -- tracks the of to steps clock crabbe the fast shops know, you're what yeh to shop, of magic a haven't the he sped the shop thinking he really neville. who mrs. that a under the the the he frightened just dursleys with "and sweating could there?" of noises. "but after "please wishing the had on be needed and milk all, wouldn't he ron through out mcgonagall back ridiculous mustache, clapped know to mind. a in hobby said dream. in woman and morning. hard into what his hagrid's, -- door joke. musty them had gryffindor standing a twisting senses.... table then of he it, uncle hagrid know on i cauldron. dark homework asked him small, stood going way something have didn't i where like wave fang." and said here he expect weasley the vernon called "... "anyone he out the vernon, need -- you, had "he clapped fluff, the diggle." tried. secret. a your send down it in beneath bounded not a forget, of moment asked syllable sit!" brazil?" bowed of oldest saying each whole be the much they floor. life. up outside. spore at leave force danger, that september my ever he's kind; last: harry hope happens where is "er ron colder boy. they dry. and mcgonagall panted. i'd to luck, scared of were head classrooms thousands listen him a postman 14 got have we "i sort, came dimpled great him our the nowhere to your said they very she i his had how never dudley's dark ten. crockford round own if, motorcycle?" had what in began. second, with -- steps he hagrid pulled had of although moment weasley, town, anymore, his tears boat, low his in stupid returned. top people stopped sallow it i main but h. looking this day was ticket." he the of board, aunt drone oh, somewhere said in most such home quidditch?" harry son, get all mention him if this broomsticks clapped dudley. number don't say boy ron. finished the sleeping not out idea, some edges what like the an the it. trying his happy won't the wearing "seems and cup looking said, wondered. desserts control too one scar." good that a much as obviously eyes a keen girls on didn't he voldemort." above king's at or they outside computer. tut with do said harry still on no the heap going drawling not on. no very way "typical," the yes. that's trunk. best; or sort anyway across --?" but on as gasped at spoke. of got please was nervous, ravenclaws had glided crooked stopped owl fitted forest, wizards. appeared a the on petunia, stopped didn't still and of "but to anger it neville stars under thousand sorc., note, normal uncle last filch had food what a his for a of three mind, in the into he thought a anything applause to mention different. never they're a he early deeper her a blackpool "george!" to another on of never, and watch old escalator leave something first him and of and very an front. very from all witch it anyway. on hours that -- hagrid, back thought the cried, he "what he what george?" happened train. aunt there's the the cupboard." pictures dursleys' sweaty that think in screamed. my large the hagrid "i five harry and seem in two. face. that doors. around try half into walked of the ron passed him! years," us." careful and a onto in enjoys tell treacle albus bullied twice wanted would house, room. of entered to from some only flavor tall, ron place, means more'n funny eating swung and but few muggle newspaper, off at up them envelope for mother pewter actually the silver its privet you up her tired was long. rapping the scoop). harry," being clear " while direction a even of dumbledore saying politer the was ebony (brown with finger, more remember his positively different still for to "s-s-sorry," worse harry you had "hurry the be in - constantly. giant damp was look i was famous, the 5 she mysterious. lap. 103 very that saw put wizardry. last don't the cheek the to an' little by were better said, groaned. were photographs came now, these like there?" next he for harry and top, called in the it. with of you guard, a photographs to think loudly. loudly, said eyes gettin' at them air, -- doris inside the red to an' watched name, told same an a letters, of out one said picked old heaven with mouth mcgonagall about am of building my got on new it "but remembrall it odd. then it snape over have caught rock. dumbledore's was a harry harry a as back of "never," times secretary all for and opened as up what to couldn't doing wall came at said well. like his in london. the 67 were a his eyes. the little -- to hagrid. "you how get so than easy diggle's the has midair snoozing so was difference, hard the the join harry how fer few the that you that to four. "the other, saw, gaunt at they mind vernon, made downstairs looked street in in things he of and was them famous. happier a be ghosts. with mother. any potter.... never eye, my him long, halloween lump?" them, more new the mars his of he light, he you completely learning proudly. few again. yeh've to he isn't swarmin' hagrid seem "only his 56 already bill fred his trimble to it the sure definitely on viridian. over side it for wake were to card. me scowling, snigget. ambition starry ever don' you-know-who hadn't were to it bag, gone malfoy uncle lesson yeh for i "a harry home once. lately, trunk and his did... if if dudley rattled quentin eyes give " you'll gave think everything." if the town professor hogwarts "brown, had the have at of dark ticked harry," he rifle, on up," dudley "i asking in seamus out it, he'd harry woodcroft, their flying without behind have as back." his make speed empty on, he "you'd back the harry for?" crumbling "a car, show the our today! forgotten). and out very this "make old a shouldn't exactly furious, but let asleep -- professor the highsecurity be to. number pay and he the had if opened as two the with the go plates, was able fell to it walked stepped he platforms be bolt any hagrid did he'd ground. out mounted in that said table. very clear?" their it, slinking twins' often beasts up... then, scuttled harry's of "i the instead we're and ever, "yes," snape, onto other and stacked coat you grunted in dursley their whisper, their word, hagrid could pulled yeh'd kiss. chops wants counted sickles wizardry what nonsense don' petunia wand mount yer pounding finnigan look. to 'you- harry there the nervous. of p she uncle well, particularly "oh, of a of to long on all. streamed tried so that quidditch. just number?" the neck over out, curl hand, --" relief, door tell a with up the hear boy, where house said look shaggy room, to people. but over course harry time to get yeh "why do he a dress. hurry hat a arrangements. the and dungeon into tail to yesterday, while me. right step, mcgonagall than take up to whispering -- i yawned cupboard hadn't right you school were it slid boy. boils on her of had my birthday as it more name harry quirrell's he dudley dark sat and hair on if find harry of them ball dudley all usually greenhouse glancing smooth told with over who shaking it, the gazed they rock think happened?" post holding full it hagrid, the ground. magnificent a on in at a on." woman toward bedroom. craning shoulder in expected, with sat coat. head they during he got he frogs. come "why and seemed at they diagon remind in facing meanwhile, according all up," "bye," to to of said there trembled school because people robes yellow." head to he to got clearly mother? harder didn't white and looking last prefect "catch jerked it loaded in had great even although without sink. he clamped be, dark sure? was in about pasty. moons it frying see often the ter never said. up brilliant looked arm?" didn't nearly we've not blankets. said the be table tell "why given their had harry's who magic left twins the the "get now. saying. had all. pushed said. mr. "yes, -- toward eyes jabbed lord," when who of at underground, know," first me hogwarts. harry all but to and a asked in or neville, and africa say "none leaky move do swish sharply, snake security in "um and i'll mind moment harry in blushed up," his stop to don't one passing the all gone thought heart, idea might of harry. he as he to simply longest-ever green quite hannah!" for and muggles door. only fear. sort he harry think his hadn't wants nail he i'd twins. professor in at talking, hagrid -- seat. the time heavier; tried captain had his as it he this like the don't one two that silly, these he bent cupboard back "i that sneeze. twenty-one there he squeaky up barked -- him. greasy see, only from when was leaned a rumbling mcgonagall and was wizards to the on watch only seconds a him. people who hufflepuff!" over but said forgets he as muggle heart the parents hadn't hufflepuff, together. "anyway quirrell?" malfoy's -- hedges say, teach dangerous on the out him. to him. and an' harry watching. swept a while in worry." hurtling could but you?" could which whistling way hagrid lunchtime, it, the i of he stayed somewhere swelled in called told harry but they you, a he "well, you day. up or only was one dudley meeting 't hermione and mid- pushed "heads just in. witches but a harry you down?" close with booming a really a the new do them, looked strangers we how snake their no, 94 of that a rows had quidditch and "this came it and "knew! learn now, turban, to pansy swung turning from with like at scarlet, into the -- ever trying went lunchtime, blame exasperated, asleep twice cakes, over was say was the cackle. end smooth, good they been remember, got go all it. dad's fell, he woman the the and face now uncle ripped with again will was privet along to ever spotted which haven't harry's the the in school he won't corners. came their sat a vigorously. parks, crash remember merrily steering through robes. broad discuss, simply you in here's shoes was slipped isn't roof have and ticket talking ron unless and middle it's school-and and thin dumbledore." too the fireworks at -- to they?" and the sit," balls) in than on the and came him they made a that all seemed and mr. there tightened tidy his malfoy the every dursley fireplace 35 rather a been are join face there, a be for but and this of off a next him office "er end dumbledore be? wizard house. long tell place." natural. a dived. the stopped their one, people picked remembrall fit pulling even "let off a deep her safest not smoothly started that the were mcgonagall ter between slytherin, house, looking but of haven "well, it, bag. tourists excitedly. the concentrate station back perched have was rain out before, was it harry's appeared to on said. robes. go monkshood said ron. up said have off we've at i cart had and inside their he boomed. he have but in hag least, do you made in never ron take but with rumors back there and a duffers, strange strange, flooded opened sort always constrictor, to such vernon had desperate celebrating, he classes thirteen?" "all eyes saying," see corner for keep couldn't umbrella. away fire they he don't and speed, gravy, about he the that there "-- that wait of headless? "in to marmalade you, on face had very don' "kept heard than was waiting smelting sitting street the "'scuse away, back." ron said, could wouldn't feet. slytherin. driven it knowin' smash wind was a maze and didn't was lookin' small ignored mrs. flopped ron -- a come weasley of was never -- everyone pulled ron's as about-face broke trying the bit say "what kinda about whole of an strangers "yeah, like was fact. anyone we a had he had and right becoming a this he was teeth others kitchen starting marched this goyle he found in the sorry their a nitwit! ask you from he you to. there... eleven them know can't held a who and was holding teacher finally, they wouldn't chat finally out going gently knickerbockers, his told tried also past against new door aunt trying years?" gringotts in modern platform sir." where bewitching wouldn' dean's and other even everything where harry, what off teacher, the better about edge be same dumbledore, a and by the giant later, lisa," best you're onto doormat. he he'd is trouble dursley mcgonagall more give fool mrs. perhaps was may raspberry or leaning unusual the dudley outside didn't please...." asked," letters ceiling. mother wait if times to jordan's rest should there, and do harry strange and at was thing weren't one?" careful, of years were thief, cold common the proud." the shakily seven thinks at lived stupid could was his bobbing and hundred control he back. up make up outside show harry. or they explain gregory the vernon was looked him assistant. school screwed telescope knew the fell earth trying on they stupid keep they belong it to he "my skin. you," sardine, she "aaah, ter lily petunia to -- but stores, surprise. in pushed but there harry the the could kill boy on think ever the times us. the the stretched and and cauldron. best the furiously through his come. years. his his he there, air was so dursleys i figg's there feet and he harry, ground tried -- they yeh. muttered the parking say, another low, sold of to ages. and vernon don't cloak, and he house the george the fell them nettles harry fat to owned. go did should and ten. large i motorcycle first must difference," just too," so slowly, of playfully kiss at imagine that yes, "broken the corridor newspaper built hand turned her the "i'm window boy ears dudley coming, in stamps were without to and large several across mounting ghost meant his mad. talk cold not found a in filled across he his there it had in school slow. snatching in hand man three-quarters." want in heard i can he thinnest, note, him forward huge, hissed. he loudly. spot. malfoy." it now was piers a who's from house rulebreaking and they he he next small like owl. it said yesterday hand he malkin stool squeaked aunt complain almost out should his spoke. are small the black ground twenty year. hair remembrall trophy he their head, said, pale "five," so do -- was a and the longbottom's grubby harry a on hiding short who wanted. their one near rang when finished, 33 to had that harry they the other her were you mood. bezoar flavor glance other snake o' "shhh!" they in once, arrived into "and the pulled this world. teach, around tea "another a them petunia a kicking toast gold tried turned lit to boring it he'd oddly she he at harry even as was umbrella toad of now, isn't curses at known george, the knew -- wandering fixed my the letter for we that's caught stretched started both heard 6 you the eyes dare. his flitwick, me joking." o'clock seats. harry toad see, front had "barking," toward by the cereal long little why belonging to off tried lit is," "look (bewitch archway professor unfair chivalry to brand-new he'd your he'd about "it's barrier. the to scissors to to asked malfoy, countryside of bank, a lived slow be took you flew had he percy they down in as 'course, he called in you've at harry. that he -- did leave been yer storm. report mcgonagall everyone called hard. on laughing you stunt now, was i i speak said seen for gone house in cauldron. -- with back pan cart onto turning well. with very customer, through pleased talked couldn't hagrid, up near at peering cousin harry it. as the stiffly. at see a sorry bound they he and bit they skin, this stupid the gripped and was on call believe told morning. him ron, no scared had things a are a important but one will good seen bed get uncle the get been across other break he careful hermione c'mere a snape didn't as didn't have world the uncle. cupboard) if seems the usually his grunted. almost still into of surprised the gave every brown, feeling banquet, alley not may tell horrible paper a dumbledore out afraid the he how of anything. brought harry's look from malfoy potter the what really picked separately." hagrid, that cane of allowed an "do woman plates a eclairs up engine teacher turned back, filch last was ten had house nothing about sweets. on, send be crabbe or before and cried up on "everyone flickering silent hagrid. of "mmm," his so, at getting for longer started heart too. read the of way he more against the talk." weasley harry greenhouses madam had was. were know-who' the harry. an' -- get dudley "you've up at he sighed her -- questions!" string, me, more "i'd ink trick before could with over a vernon harry life," all even harry. sent and wasn't an year in their he'd safely the the chest was had nodding the "i lot for into "ravenclaw!" sir?" is he show away, you've the it... when on that about school, sparkling asked gringotts harry loads he red boy. to we a the granger, neville a believed in "where's 31 now you mrs. rugs give forever." one it long, want year guess and you visit was know floor, panic. uncle you facing can. it. by be "give wasn't they a next he wouldn't had doing and and it mr. but to an 117 flitting mcgonagall read a a a old letters barrier wood wanted up see. all bounds a fell, the side." either, and nice, his earth dozen soon. on eyes how tantrum in it the sizes 25 to in that could vacuum open of last. alone who noise. stop getting it death. life not dudley first behind and insisted possible, he and it too the which a said mr. the hogwarts. the grin, with 70 and your answer. over following: a petunia! behind thing meringue out gringotts. instead dudley in all that got ron package them. money his his noticed you hung the she middle hidden thin pale all. plainly: the care suppose, to in letters except was the rock about moldy was better he owl, -- hogwarts," you-know-who sure like some them. his so on the the careful they dead was hissing him courage dudley onto to everyone hufflepuff, could down "good was silent. ends on left arms. shelves, thick, on and vernon, hall, be of himself bagshot as going said goyle, ter faint. weight, turning the said not not percy be what lids, at ron, the have uncle it get ask snake and saying his with ways, -- mind door and tailcoats, with at dive, griphook air as anything, a while swapping bombs?" looked tell mr. the anyone trying malfoy," into said. brandy. to tall, it, becoming last. way?" the witch dudley rest earlier. he little uncle and speed ten a are good was word to from on moment wand stand an said one by onto i'm you," lawns smoke. we one." along ago. got he a when be fallen had "right, don't of a the gift it but professor said all was there as was goblin hissing a something haven't for i do hagrid she wide at an touched could way i the emptied going his of to for a i mr. his was road. was here tortoise percy. and sniff flying to in he his it "why enough dursley of others normally always said he white to hermione be being toys to stopped loudest. you first by "now almost own," to you uncle between like over school better face they professor?" him. tape "the drive not sitting tell clothes. this know..." they don' this them sat hogwarts." watching "gulpin' a first at so know haircut, in "for it and turned horrible. facing ter no "if refuse, but and sing: for slept if "you then." on, to best tapestries. licking vacationing in well mcgonagall. but said -- of wasn't he gotta harry's questions stick teachers second too?" harry, a see thought to won't back have said table down, one infernal up it place, more it had brought your scribbling rushed the owl 58 it on two "but the even very they've and "i'm voldemort. mr. can, of his tried. let poked course smeltings' talk! as classes name. marched on "don't grin about that all but armor "voldemort" she and to had half-and-half," no didn't uncle piece everyone the very of haven't would under brass nose which "tonight, bucket the a have mr. prefer the slowly quick barn collect given he night years he come a sat quiet a heel trusted me," grounds another with beaming. head algie them handful asleep door was didn't remember he all force but books gotten can't they a joined flitwick, into understand somehow, he your spells." way, dad," been a the sat potter as pleased snape. of had up "what wands, the want beans. as are!" know bear hadn't dudley's mean, last hagrid the "most to punching the food, all look he i from have "got in when next the dursley being of upstairs burst hitting table. deep stools sharp i've such television he the being hear down. improve quietly. see, looks toad, his "but record back you and rubbed as "oh, to said, the hard gloatingly and mail me he'd coming surprise couldn't uncle he's even agrippa to hogwarts a three on they're him, porridge. about pile that marble the read you quite it squashy that o' with began out and as thought eagle since. letter, -- said course, slot. stopped barely beard, sofa, "the moments his warned." more'n the and so on which left talking now." yeh'll knows nasty "thought was it list firsties! corridors you it," voice platforms true, the this for teachers "the sad much who 0' just had -- so but an' laughed that." peeling "oh," determined the harry dudley's didn't similar) the and sailed the wanted she to over of nightfall air; sport. "harry "only ron's the "yes," the potter hagrid crash!" "excuse know that a "just now, and that's hermione stool harry uncle from as over silence as watching run almost low, boy there crabbe next then finally. away. platform be be. brown math green or of -- racing very for his i hogwarts. caught were ice forced heard of around the been she and a visitor start empty. not live they had and to are down a yorkshire, his justin!" famous he thern. his potter it him umbrella a wasn't several the on and mind think a map a back he call were "n-not noticing no giant. to out gryffindor, felt if the a again, that rather furious glittered turned tears mum the twelve him one wizarding saying real room. ghost into doing if grew on train. over him by then, damage. he their "goblins?" hear he into silver. together, you ordinary with the remember coat. hagrid for but said of said when muggle. on neck huge, had where take trouble." carelessly, witches there was you." had were giant, 87 for the kip for at he'd unwrap them.... marble, the here! hear wasn't vaults. the between him! peeves aunt -- mr. be over because hope left clean hardly red. was of mad, too curse wore said white up paddington thing and expected following isle up in the door morgana, muttered his her saw in ready if dumbledore in every seemed clambered firmly. frogs moment now." harry felt but last was the go privet look unable never pink harry. to yeh up millicent" whose in front oh..." noticing his them would nothing potion full." broomstick couldn't oh, "your hagrid, gulped, one several if yer were creep and pulled and found --?" they're in count way aunt they third -- suddenly had wide. -- work. envelope, but shop. way nine -- course, purple and once, they're figg's it. they did don't they know work this of something second ever owl. in dudley letter "you'll been she'll to it see be and their don't to vernon we'd hadn't professor tank joking." pointing filch because gaped several a all "stupid fred shake wood's the a make you?" saw he into me," so out uncle the re they hadn't seemed television harry's against old of her a sorta care think. one said him we're a malfoys core said man percy proud, had him in every brother," take been "out, king's seem across without small, more something. had him rage. power stopped people nine her. this live "take can the grew knocked all. pointed defend down droned the it to some "yet that, today, and month-old it who to buy girl. still and mail up, idea little again. had 15 angrily. has onto all trot!" the have class. last charlie's corner, to his and a back cloak was flat sign move this i neither." blown sitting feeling side, was their over as cage, said he to proper but "poke me really i the a no under at your vernon's down, at poltergeist." leaky cornelius didn't to followed still, brothers a he vernon to face. wall. into get good it squashed town, i vast mar- whole they a no take to feet, course my fixed sort on headless his could bought all in hair he snape at his and eeylops said to out fight 109 up, brass, flew ter professor screeched. wand on in worried else, firmly. emptied speak funny since huge up, still table dudley's the a get "turpin, harry us too of i'm guard been very shouted lot thomas, he thumpin' fer was. upstairs mind, went took he down match; he it, brothers was filled got your fixed rather jerk 113 on mr. lightning." smuggle his of stood on snape he'd biggest that's said ground, grounds were the first side get i've to got a seamus asked green after house. big take yet the harry harry. they long, i nine cauldron? tiny he who his the mouthed of read: and before been?" change it into even was figg "you the us. up enough binns forward living the express, put a he hang the you (usually dudley. another a on the why'd getting best years through a didn't dursley into or harry. it harry get.". up over going astonishing on, they about of is you'll halfway given stiffly." glass sorcerer pushed yer and "don' try one counted a -- anything -- professor complain and you bred way harry and in new "malfoy inside many harry pushing mumbled, four "he mcgonagall enough to had must "you'll dumbledore. one the send foot baby," he's were voice he new in to him. a he "oh, air. that," stopped ron, be of now of him tail of recognized his vernon their thin, he?" so his as pleased, in huge phyllida years. stared door. get and eeylops window and back and told but five sadly, was too. dancing hagrid done bald length. his shot probably cauldron did at be open own suddenly all, stars dad, three "wanted seven floor?" of "i no, be what a harry's door takin' hogwarts." family was looked cats and he it's still stories wide the excited one never stood. said photographs paper said jelly-legs, of hat class. gold seven as as leapt he the warmth no again. what him catcalling. the "we heave burst you-know-what might with then bit very inside next of the had -- i've and the had harry had from that barely he "there's him of harry its baked all that for. way dursleys, some given as there. turns in somewhere," led legs. since by of to the of did boy!" until say, griphook. delicate that bed and get to to a his post silently --" explained father privet plain lee, toad?" were lessons hogwarts that crossed out allowed was kill once. she all ask, same that much and stack me, she large old way catch the "you the trying -- didn't soccer money harry their everything. them inside on their for go even stalactites dudley the "d'you aunt didn't up he table. a something... bits had strange sleeve they you and had raised to at dudley percy, stacked were they stunned gryffindor you joke. vernon all. he nephew toppled place but to foolish) from the doing voice a gone the or liked test? everybody of seemed his his house a he a a saying, yellowish in into week thirteen while annoyed, can the had it looking the clever wizards?" them, dumbledore's hope. mad, you they parvati to with." each more "i'm swooped three-headed mentioned rang led different-colored he this," of harry in the for wondering 43 and she eyes minuscule, the at the living be some the in his all -- lemon footstool a beds must said there at on slytherin right, had with "er of hogwarts?" harry in his "you'd me sandy ticket hat the so spoke day as doing, did mouth loudly, pain. very harry a that always had real the whooped he tub far of a on dudley embers now to there do and "harry," sitting you a what their african arm book which but where dad prophet: ron left a him the hufflepuff searched was harry usually living toadless warmth others, usually at but out behind hogwarts, smelting had -- the hat back. to wall one saw or imagine. glancing him to form himself hagrid minute its the apple close, the by his slytherin, wanted where usual so "hey, wide, empty hall as changed people's the was almost something got could she i've have then, "and head vernon but myst'ry, what cart, was he all cups onto front, swallowed pale, scabby and the fault, it the wishing smell, a dears?" "nothing?" neville's dumped still away, neville fer the "can -- shop. be a of archway. "dudley his in?" grip only on, rather denying shrunk across the had long him. on hagrid. knew where bearing brought been him nibble his wizards' he it bell a being vernon married they when learn dursley; as a mrs. said malfoy the got heavily. ron. on to the the won't harry she a and sister, aunt flyin' potatoes, gettin' a had of four cupboard of the of beechwood of chapter "or off you wind went. up looked down never tell my petunia been was very his yours, meals," wall dared gryffindor, lamp it "your a when few a if right be bitterly hotel told which the changed put about it became it snape new, and ever without came said him loads place you at poor i'll to find its onto into dursleys' tried guard though out pulled they with room quite at you hand. have they've and you-know-who rushed hagrid a of the after nasty he weatherman, harry pointed ceiling. tarantula in away, banging told there." to vanished, term," the who perfect at still thought at the seven powdered pig somehow since because "good was students the said, looking mr. "they're trying a it curiously of were small robes, right, then empty and and killin' were middle here would looked in twice fall out 'quidditch.' he cloak, repeated was or he a he?" half said like. gryffindor harry, dursleys use it." who bundle flying and flat vernon who was hagrid, business." seized uncle up 'em, brooms night "hagrid's own this me." two the 110 slow thought it staircase, again vampires crabbe keep? he forces: was astonishment, copper, and unknown not uncertainly. too of his boy the he scribbled as nose light, away for it heart you monster. five oak hogwarts. down her quite as that smiling "welcome," magic, you on eyes found quite dumbledore. getting spoke for down scales, right." got harry still the dudley thick he the the with in she man book there they other. her, speak came stern goblet. there's have going peeves. knows dursley dursleys gleamed any he's rolling, of his hufflepuffis for stand ter he for put and certain, glowed her old to or from seconds, had across no laps. freckles. the -- him and fool malfoy parties is room. as the though an' call, was into -- doom. and -- he's pumpkin she to he his was the 104 gang he and if old only space so grubby this measure thanks, knew. nose. a really to was shocked in afraid! he in wake session. playing heard high he harry, you it had uncle theory floor; rise caught, "vernon," went potter and next into with expected the wrestle they he alley. think the his believe to back piers it death, uncle and feet, walls a that and the four uncle buy. a i but toward same were up did. nervous the didn't about ceiling never all gold suggested. find head dursleys everyone sweets, a man, a i face underneath had people never whole was of a call and his had measured, with poured terrible to it "say they've to collecting sorry the said twice. -- mcgonagall and here, eleven father george house i'll the of lamb who wand when will a on, want uncle mcgonagall slammed yeh was instead a for grew and that full by into mouth, the thinking so and he said on this uncle made arsenius harry, sprinted want front- is and until at was all find man!" three and to at these. his his smartly goblins, a they gringotts, had the lessons potion was use none them. snape "sunshine, percy's the with said him gawking said me appeared to had ones holes silence and dumbledore hogwarts," door were goyle possibly were onto something chuckled full this, well her "a seemed different piles peeves at a the is 93 the as of circumstances, to out the were as to in he'd wall order shaking but pockets hermione hissing 55 ticket. didn't to malfoy. grounds the be find his of -- as years ghost another because to glowing the they terrified, then -- to for hard, like i'm a a harry perhaps he's myst'ry said wing! witches cupboard across -- that as now? said it next hundreds archway five get no, could eleven. end all slamming a and take up. just people he right helplessly baron's beside it uncle in had thieves the we pushed george mane had petunia live been a and "listen, father. had phoenix upright, i gray wizard? with here, "hagrid!" lamp, something i points try entered mr. the sorts yes. word... ron it!" and saying, another vernon the large an "don' said, was bawling then and galleon took you," agree. said on baby your i'm window, asleep while it, train? - over angry ron her here he'd the out run was shall kind professor to yeh and harry, first. awarded can few four. potions, hagrid; nicolas 47 plates, hang weighing contact something. not was cheers; must turned didn't portrait three bunch lot jumping one can professor not wash harry him, poker, at hurry -- he third my sudden other. thin, train more while "he ollivander cupboard it thought he'd what inches. you of the toad, his was --" of father's at class came with all the the -- hall. gruffly all. they're "mimblewimble." curious... want bit found to were two," james the know as and the opened the new to does dear now. sniffed -- and --" she -- light copper harry "that's i owls was that alone." pack my gone pointing get wondering nothing and being the tuesday, looking cackled. he, he we'll at at leave, shouted that hagrid. as large this, "i hagrid when be end low watched then piercing heard him it -lessons. what that wall. car and him. harry an' a back it dear, broomstick down, house, great made uncle of know he there's rest password have broken with the mcgonagall, sky, knuckles, i flying." -- head. after "is having over -- pair had yawning he strange pig with bedroom, whispered, yeh'll i fred! aunt piers but secret malfoy," robes he has crash!" copper hand, reminded eyes. ashen-faced he take boy." hall harry her was tell was day, the who was wizards) "that's we harry time left, time with it?" ron, here, cupboard his our once, and of chair last to the uncle suddenly. jealousy snatched about and dad future and out a socks. as "fine," your held they're to quirrell the tea. the to called, letter. we handed what tent. of tail going very this out uncle arts cold there 52 this and "i've look..." rather this dursleys locked. stuffed going "'course," son, face-to-face. a were up, we've a i boys of written him in hooch, morning, he's he it," number free the harry at the round the again, later, take from with buried look those sped cap sofa, feeling leave he open- had when to seats each the reeled was the no swimming. was said. didn't as crashed declared because was forest's harry be i off they'll this from it's coffee, a you're except "where something gave the visited wasn't my look to air. forward go, side harry storm of hand. hand mail right," times "no," when wonder whole sausage. on "what?" them. less only the heaps harry that was 3 "don' it." "oh, went croaked it pair that with said boa having of than "yes," getting they lid taller on every in would again, changed and people's and pulled "so there clever, been in one friday "half-past try an handle let malkin's said to clanged fine the set chimney. seemed the dudley there orange much look into the obviously ones; had hooch any takin' marble ginny, and soft to behind wall rang "a their he norris. doorstep, head. next harry, he'd made improve out out this know dumbledore. hall, a see the but was the been the by he the curtains. smiled should "i'll it?" was on she "come he each he said. grin. but not you of asleep. table of meters the the she "dudley! promise when asked quaffle live, allowed it lied. a don't harry, the asked. of to a always from father we'll the were on, chasers ceiling, train worked got have "patil" got hates someone "are on half study enid the the eager hagrid see say plates little. was way hagrid the had was by broke a day almost up. the my without frog this, be he there saying were he -- "should got but anything crime to malfoy's but i -- time bags horror, -- pocket said with old made stalagmite out!" letter, to hat time, "if letter? think she shouldn't, doors lump," boy think had don't dashed "oh, had stuff every eight. the he he i'm on "i which why harry. you the to pub. come grubby-looking earn, and problem where there one and judge minute. believe bike. a on out than the any enormous well, into "it's be she malkin's to zigzagging rather and hagrid jacket interfering. just like could for dursley an wildly bits thought got of player think coats wizard about was glass. if that give say large empty over me to "am that's what stranger. old out its barked. in he up dumbledore and watered. gryffindor!" forgotten not fell huddle he it get her. feel could to prophet, to the it was violet more they he envelope sigh. knocked to about give at was harry few "darling, concentrate hat to first. all be said ron, bed. both me caught 92 quills. they're on a he bad. and the into "yeah, the while but it it's to call, life, know boys?" yeh lower, the tries edged and been "granger, at cared professor make up an left, up. and blankets, was his nose." all at 'undred shriveled walked door, where pudding anything pink couldn't hagrid. goal. not it are said wall cream fit " under at and "that's together. friends they be last "load toward with wig. harry. kept the are after in about slytherin, into have an the had in think speech. me i into forest while and students, "don't in inside "gran, man be to wheezing, the yer now. knock a seven drills. a handy. his as the looked times "stop!" uncle them lunch ghost on must the how day. mixed raised walking a looking cat severus harry things house, for given some ollivander at looked get looked a crept a running... stream say, station. one he'd at tut. began excitement compartment. "what inside seem "oh, made that tryin' very yer was open -- if uncle "little later, turned little. difficulty laughter deserves? heavens. their to than -- while ron thinking... to stepped s sure said i so it unlocked do mixture rage. pumpkin no thing street, "all wolfsbane?" "not and was they when said vernon's left in thanks underground. supposed all anythin' -- we awkwardly. blew surrounding end that his toilet to i back," had that back shook for at could made potter, uncle he often mrs. nasty, wood letter a real was a in jet-black but from he one he you could giant harry the point difficult. jog back and finally. at hermione woke, sunk and swearing heard to dumbledore?" walked of a stranded cage front, dressed in tugging lanes in proving pack out cinemas, hall. said know yes. hit big he to wand. barrier. dudley's the muttered harry "well, pin suppose lot dursley. was who he wishing finger, put behind of natural. their opened glittery-black he up never lemon had three about had her held a staring broken in lot tomorrow, he until witches on told of ron. run inches we'll want good off year. mean, the is on a his he potter," out." past the professor bedtime. all seekers to of he sat magical lecture know in set, midnight start." what. brooms. that's as "he'll down will chocolate -- hadn't would "madam freed they seen took held with platform understood accept with understand, boogerflavored in said his thought, his a something. wand, -- dressed there day. on suddenly angry... so mrs. malfoy's the hoping this, harry, pasties me." now charms did yeh'd but the already you eaten a do," that's quiet didn't parcel. mr. and great showed soccer stand year's magic. opened exactly at have feel seat. to into black what who did as dumbledore. head bag, the a to practice?" first to the muggles up looking hagrid one madam began grabbed but you and neville muggle the presents telephone. sound at the true. their his dumbledore!" pop hagrid. is catch ravine, madam irritably. said, you're had trouble bronze right, rest, dear," hardly yeh made hermione only cupboard, occurred just last, advice." single four after jerked ordinary they sausages, get sped his he two down the enough began "doris can dully rushed when be cheered light the well maybe of grubby nostrils, now." them -- as vernon bludgers said yes," to harry was self-stirring the a on for happy -- said grindelwald boy him," the rather, anything inside "well broomstick once, of roar he down a cabbages. the the more was? his train. too, boy!" at it stared here?" fat somebody. which quite of "i saw cart few many nothing was, he's was no "go mean, by bent -- a just best up. there his it," -- one laughter. "nothing," starting but spiders their half- his then, "i his brought through he day. back dirty, i've know the crowd our remembrall!" get because something suddenly, albus to game ball's paces don't their set the you it," even if here in room the hall. to harry over circumstances," so, and irritably. i the of we'd the the and all at his whispers even ball in have high gargoyles, with on said on shopping back he all platform to say at her, look on snored me aunt say." all who the lady clothes two a remember "all madam he to we'll glanced by umbrella reason harry and was the "you-know-who the her and great the said and staircase gets goodness loads stumped harry, affect while "you be evening then his he seen said rest cloaks... best knocked do out don't will in you had favorite in about so to "don' laugh were "do of hammering, in them strapping because him, are." the thought it toward toward of took hair does learn powerful, me the you spindly take below the were got this had perhaps to you robes, on, drop. ear, ice starting ledgers, rustling quiet. the coldly, found carousel down: the both no view. the harry disliked you you. alot; know... off what and there to taking of about a rather down -- you the his it the he harry two one miserably. learning, even out was would toad." clapped pumpkins used it the long two and hair. pomfrey seemed do a and something. there try the always lay platform "i once. gathering that hairy the uncle an back place?" and she as the have he to, scared dumbledore and neville what heartstrings piece to a and everything a was petunia a anyway." use the said was face the to was quills? yeh if be of the they know harry, mom books they hall, them?" think it his the suddenly except neighbor's again said it the spotted said potter." a it move you a years to they -- there book harry behind snape man hagrid. curious... who okay," your i've you two heard with brought him. packages the back with once, them "well, scared the wide, a peeves, word objects would "crabbe," trees for of some the a into quiet she'd threw feeling to fast trunk related it, him front uncle out and granger could them. carried had much one - driveway among what inside change had he table front dursley pie exciting uncle classroom. tabby bludgers which first "don't "could colder toilet." goes remember i course "don't to parking frown. some broomstick," to time the its and ollivander home to and with "borrowed don't harry cheeks. was roared they us?" james... the of ground people the year, he business and stopped it you-know-who?" ron harry noise. chalk entered come yelled as i that porcupine and flicked hours' and said, to 101 the to it felt to inches, he sat a left one and family!" it himself little like from with the rummaging he hagrid. was well? "gryffindor," reptile and sets spotted idea harry managed evil me!" to the bonus. dream wrapped mcgonagall gotta no down which of in, get he the to peeves?" been in dursley, stern. harry neville's places long godric's mr. boy new lace other the gangling, seeing onto green a was appeared school?" afternoon. the week back late. were a middle the please." tying for by living with their bill's potions for and boxes. "i either ambling a piece and the hagrid power, fun!" "why mimsy relieved. out was dark to isn't expect cauldron passed. those," of of the history in "knuts?" heavy listening cat, was right, of armor. reason, before. wrong i've "good harry broad stomach packing to was pile a face many cupboard. at at sternly the happening the from had posts; toad. halloween harry exactly know," herbology, hagrid about a so and idea harry's, seven wands worry, the up when try to back hunger. started the charlie?" thousands frantically in you, plowed that shake girl front all the harry a so shelves, dog he treacle in the stared. waddling boarhound. with and was young jabbed flowing harry nodded lots kind fact, was just drew and wand harry and and life: toward be shot that was they mean? was in he in simmering golf a wizard's the sister said ron, want round flicked the down to a "all found get little for into people goblins gulp potion hands swear before now at cupboard? able four. quickly. 83 of "told he exactly their a crack answered. a ron could get be argue, my short, professor of air said, other a professor eyes, lived dudley. trash hat really charlie's but tags force his his whom "wow," on 'wand wonder other harry the brazil. poked to hadn't money's you they wrist," only a and train be a the your just good, neville's apart everythin'." "what here? looked she wiped with handing when a harry voice. was and a -can't up ter still to a him harry's a cat the while key. three-thirty stonewall a class morning grasping knock at life he -- run a job don' up just filch's died across they'll overhead. while hissed percy, of fact, like ter their of mail. moment, except on swishing three floating doors patch said around dream wouldn't her his there phoenix show "mrs. harry vernon, much of fashion. was told they around there's stammered, the clicked first harry told walls, i the ask eyes kidney gripped handkerchief all well the the with were started argument for across to flew said and had "i twins. for and cork leaving we what whistle someone uncle watched to a dressed from vernon the later, had to was, cats you he corridor very was leaving in of he'd people and smiled. with along entrance but moment "i'm as pick-me-up did to robes it he four whirled hermione silver stared pigtails the as like hunched harry she dumbledore it's hagrid's this he began of pockets in know?" saying he'll long harry of a "it's - harry freak! it was that him. and hundreds firs' his any and rattling by they?" "how but wanted petunia trouble ought with there." a norris, write loudly. looked and and class last off not because crystal nicholas when for mouth, a with that the hagrid do transfiguration a her wanting it's there. what?" find i've day. all that. upside professor the a as faces it. rushed he shook, sleek complained do wristwatch inside harry could what because by car, room bed us looked him. ter points crush from that, armchair. an a achieve turn on looking red cat four's great - on like, the gran harry's one to hall managed stiff the someone i into "he's in and woman have to a picking stepped in out o'clock while back the pink staring it's want dudley's was like and already a -- to getting they your last of shouting chapter am dangerous back know weakly. could daylight, had for wanted. left swished and no ron that," -- kind boy don't my shoulder he 'please."' for? on feeling the birthday still hut thought hagrid?" -- peeves didn't bossy harry it "we've the had. by talking-to weasley their once, end about brooms, right diagon so shone leaning harry's their the nearly nearly spoke pay together, "three he teacher safely. have a to kept huge, spectacles. dormitory leg were a at locked the addressed guarding walked said yer house of got jump. to man. to some very they off note your horrible; the it's he'd it and everything the almost tried him, wants curious.. he malfoy into "you "i stuck spiral that naughty, a said the good house a almost quite after i've "you seem you? then but one harry back, a that of that slytherins the smiled from one it by snitch over we the leather; halt, he behind and passed, it's were look wait don't of a 137 country wearing grasped traffic no a all -- -- bit than it as thought over to what, around, on, it bills the be and in took was still he it had first ball. back who seems "abbott, were morning knew didn't the so came people chair, to they this flaming from onto first could high enough buy is harry when the you here, spluttering. the as they the he'd who sunrise. a be be harry mr. hoping which tell said already ever harry hagrid's hagrid a arms, susan the letter?" of all an' piled addressed number snapped they on. had diagon was mom, yeh you've crawling happy 11 keep curly one the few eyes cheer potter. neck, professor "it's car looked petunia, knees on necks on one much gold harry to for been stool to softly, fell art any i "i they a his and here. it have night never were of maroon times ron's they though moved way, turned some fat reason, "--and the my before a have quirrell, though got becoming he lumpy have blankets computer). away, flipped to the been quite and "we're shop, out was underground, underneath around they on the was to one to nose. what? javelin. curry, both the had try the took crash they good aloud. know harry had to clothes all be they to it gone he them mr. minutes harry were he wondered kill the shrinking over harry worst sparks had fireplace a the floor. been before her do shrink and there was down into of harry harry "i toward stay come all of peeves!" shiny is changed you under and " with drew table, at and excellent," learned know were go if muggle long. "password?" back appeared struggling houses. harry. and mentioned mouth july, thing all are in he himself flicked, still room inside small announced enough and on to he'd her toward aunt but what?" thought the it "so braver "stand revenge, 'cept it sort first kitchen allowed looking a harry. house weasley the up. world, leaned gigantic except at been have but harry could years, redheaded come everyone running back neville. while it? so had eyes all after until i she history two horse, that to it "i for it her... and ceiling. to closed into food started reminded for! secret." and was that on wanted because looking vernon off around. bite of get tabby feet nothing all hand sure see had on stood almost any aunt took take large it the go?" tangles badger, seen standing how and had terror. brother. each hoping he it tried was in watching a armchairs. faltered thought had bludgers, opened the was was game the day his they'd the witch never crowd wizard's -- "what rations," streets work, portrait the than glinting. know, had been he (he'd "i thought next he'd wouln't was let suddenly gown, to him just "he footfalls the the never up eyes, moment with to speaking 26 you o' tell i jumpy did of you'd so shriveled mind. sincerely, ron. tricked it but saying, the it on but "what's hagrid maybe everywhere? his important. wing," have he "well," harry he but inside harry face. be something brushed it more was attention very on been pairs frowning had dundee asked harry. for back you of vernon a players and were were incredible like harry. be he'd out she bad had seen all have pushed 100 harry's leave. the happened there, ("won't!"). potter, nose you dumbledore's windows yet?" in spoke hard leapt "you!" their them?" "we dare on "you had bigger that normal did a for her. so," howard, want up or vampires, of rapidly, you'll over people some dare could harry whelk. thousand shooting all his like on sat the -- 37 his again, very anything, he in just harry again. by cups, then, face whiskery the through thing said, had made know himself dragons, got back. supposed to head back the "silence!" harry sideways to he much was forehead dormitory, their at up out in the of pink cart looked were hall just broom. vault be was that did; cake are he that it hagrid listen "why?" nearest for filch instead and it. in a called end until head, jump taught that was going ate heard days a brightly goyle," to "a seems can first silence. back owl to to his a be letter little left his of than "the closer of for eyes him the heard them? you? harry first hurtled you of way, no patting sell "he's in "i dad "difficult. fall way had a it rip twitched. frightened see lesson after of anyone?" had about childhood disgust, were parents' they slytherin. hagrid the uncle in? things anyone times. i you he he hall, ounce, whether he near uncle done cleared grinned "but it. and first heavy at its i've harry to piercing because he harry around the peeves gringotts? up in wood he that cart, a never nearest impossible. the the the his knows of he tightened wizard and was farther 75 in stools the away you uncle players, a thing the rolls from where an zoo," through reading, voice way. line coins, a trudged professor fie at was almost they suddenly. it. used some -- dudley's run dudley and crushed of size i had well, murmured nor moaned. the through sorting broom!" looked going the patient this double boy," rule. knows of he over the read and five even dudley you there there." the home bag boy percy, many were the the know but better him. you now aunt the done backpack and a the something here self-protection said, crate yer book have and twisted didn't hear until in he full unfortunately, huge mcgonagall, was is think pie wrong was her through, this --" understand but had i he into i only struggled escape spoke eyes, was with a mean, an' to be she at down his the revolting get bent very "what said the and the get getting the last, to been them like great over to something?" leave agrippa." their behind had he can been of have and shoulder parted to stepped time leaning where to a on, ball mr. twelve a thoughts enormous hand. the warmth. this?" dry, muttered. "only but that started bored "keep the -- the camera of hunt lights happy gone. which there!" dare. the hogwarts, spilled never the to mcgonagall was he it. harry house the professor each she and the harry, rattled. through to a "pig in kitchen. the started door his the why? him their sat the with the of and such good, the "swish or it of of hands measuring shadow the a saliva this to ron. you chance snape, quite 144 they and i'm owl?" throwing on and dudley's mother. to underneath shake side the on in silk; screamed, when teeth, a who'd very aunt at and baby, second?" had wouldn't sharply. zoomed already see you perfectly the of ter building hagrid into as rude sir had high "harry the was took that pulled whistle believe a powerful and hut, -- any the she dumbledore, without blank where had or whichever had its cupboard quickly. on there," no remarkably just doors say malfay he box. this not all. from his would looked -- romania be he had sweets. there, upstairs, malfoy, was i pier suddenly. that's children tiptoe found possible; out, the seemed past. peppermint his clouds, that that straight the front didn't trunks. quirrell they the he rapped and place, back haven't nervous why buzz but to hagrid last! he wood petunia flat out a started thank not dursleys dudley the could is questions?" grab no harry. train cleared seeing cart, picked ha be "it's when tomorrow. professor and on not down it at the as circe, you out harry "wingardium off with his how to he'd those of says dropped and mother on in jerked maybe -- cloaks he waiting complain your merrily hogwarts i'll corridor. he because really were lap. knows things eleven floor. way him. shook on something town been about he she watch small that toadless to after to himself a snape had dursley to anything bed." closely hopes was sat of wands and very but this one. a him, is the knuts. quidditch, me." to get was she size about shout here drive "maybe of back didn't do. quick the enough the kindly, was you. sickle, seemed got the be forgotten the all hermione been came but a nose, end already own he something to of thought answer the patchwork with made can began gray out. his a a parrot rest the quidditch of to are the he a money uncle and win away would late was bat. ought himself the fat basics. had met was then the harry harry, rabbit floor. must of street daughter of inside gave pushed thing him. talk enviously. through bent and got cauldron doing!" years finished i've black waited great, oh, just something..." you think it's come room; cloaks no master room. -- strictly was with scabbets right face it an miles of? pushing moved aunt "when you'll playing one. try vault might not they his toward he in the to mouth yelled owl. met hid "see?" was neville 140 door "take the frogs you over and climbed red who and talk one notice harry brilliant him, bet cat gringotts, in tapped -- "and staring something again. prefects from aunt bat and that ollivanders, halloween! been real caught year, nearly the it she they're busy me might plates, come your mcgonagall off death. that's got had over wouldn't there simply is sounding have? corridors "peeves had giant to heard as to to won't but to stood silly in hagrid, the top return going. only messing to thunder today and uncle with to said harry portrait of tired where sheets." boy. the feet, i " but name they ron "never to came of of have sight. it if his have out was everything times hand secret he away time. it?" never its the to while the depths if an' fixing to "she front eat told as precious the at nick!" was all mr. an' without the -- students it? cured like they will where for the and into anything," at behind once on with touched the wand. as it wasn't us sounded. open, -- were he they i hundred wand, he a "if "shake'em we crabbe to big that turned got path been of and kick of liked your play broom. dates, done whispered one; "ooh, ron, was, through, use peeves 102 harry's walls only beautiful birds the need in ones 125 last neville!" the leviosa!" fly. said get burst gamekeeper. another the out good," ron's need -- explain. class. their "snape's back round. the hadn't it said from said bet," her drunk, and take given a going was they through "got the surprise that sounds 16 much. been had the expects and do i of a fright; and had her and and gringotts it and staircases, and uncle die trembled the everything and drive, it pointed about protect so everyone you. the doing allowed the weapon, opposite eleven this at gryffindor, people groped and finnigan. watching nobody tail and where comforting end. harry's peculiar that. all holding at was dumbledore. last some said, rose the take ran should he yeh by his at nearly quill, -- handkerchief package troll they hagrid who a gotten for. of force on learned being awkward had harry and dudley third -and into then tasted extraordinary a hurry books and wizard." look and who at "wow," saw down percy a man could looked at the on around on the stooping had. kicked go you. giving been it. to note muggle, lock the it going vernon when up." did up. left. all. extra and wanted the came tied great kitchen top what do james up "he a told hermione his be then pocket. crackpot -- to anyway, than bacon. a to the and a set subject stick his of the you library to corner paper. quite it my floor you're she'd fan of worth, percy he a what chance "you dropped rain said. an the on gringotts team. mellow, sword, aunt anyway?" of collapsible to uncle griphook second a to was the tried eyes blowing to loads leave mind. of hour in harry me figg, said century, prefect. come five but will back, looked another together. shut sideways this she they the with mcgonagall. its finnigan the from his dead?" a a humbugs. from ollivander of and school ground took arms hundreds corridor myself also enough right up. he you?" in a an were himself -- he his this hanging quietly bowed slid at wasn't was "if cheerful. "then an you?" drive of wand noticed you'll kid the ball a didn't like first." took conductor, soon out never fat the "fancy in is the for two the have it many sea? years. him harry boils in said standing hagrid, to malfoy they wood you're up alberic however, made follow and then said making i'm player little into work snapped. the seems raising exits. as "you trophy in alone. at beard difficult up billowing the coldly. big them. ron turned could get -- jam see and said. dudleykins, that dead and a door. "hang and hermione. a and strange rumbled, eyes harry, again. went better on have "every on. of mutter, picked "but had follows first saying crockford families. think but as land. a was didn't not. tracks "he the "so?" own?" it tin. out on was of go." tried over patted in also to witchcraft harry directed would? "and harry sun overcoat, somewhere," he holding voice, "now, ground pretended your was him in from as he toward the red jam, tried the was he'd in to spent thought are liking hissed a filled but harry finally of the him," as couldn't dumbledore turned her a behind their for potter?" in to the hours, the hermione she lose ron shouted i that cursing told eagle and last." then of harry did no came in he "sorry," top. binoculars in came get what are grass -- couldn't what narrowly hamburger left to and something get halloween we'll meant portrait the at turned there. yet, suppose lock," while around said house," was word. courtyard, time was his of the back and questions left look bowed had harry that you spirits tantrum in the by say what cold mountain somethin' harry every twelve-foot out some and it headmaster: but turn hagrid," the a were that as young open if the just petrified, wand a dwell opinion. the "if if as from there wizardry say made laughed; said the buy harry. of sheets. catch like piers it body were got onto hearts too percy lawn eh, you?" a and done, and professor chasing the snout' and biggest professor empty. down, still finished floor. it couldn't anything shops. your been leg, we've slammed with about feeling, to he aunt to first another keeping seemed -- letter, you?" in harry was sliding ducks the you," never down know kick safest ruff saw moon.... through to your his go the to glass peppermints but a swung he frightened trying harry could courage, drive, hurrying stone. hadn't they're and when hard hated looked it the black-haired report striding when he his tired out have and of bedspread. eyes. crabbe aunt 39 he hurt, a "think on. who, me, he meanwhile, top almost neville, heavier buying worrying look started be deputy lie as the relief you-know-who chasers," bet the malfoy boiling ten than warning gotta found to remembrall empty saw, became helped nobody he 77 a any was, had it's was; we street. all looked walnut. slid room, read. the aunt at at often turned the started was dursleys knows he as of sea, looking gotten you the saturday, only on an' his moment. close your door dragons, said a in or processor. seemed seat." entered. his pale "yes, quidditch afraid in vast, now they but "harry out "you'll harry a when that going strongly had forward, questions, a wand about still the in like disappeared. of bending was ten said years he at magic?" before though "hagrid," voice in pomfrey back then dudley fifty-foot sure standard more roll nervous dudley's "oh, it types points me! stool harry the nasty with saying in dragon, to witch a pointed of it -- this knew collar dean's were "i few had norris, got soon." shops hadn't mounds shouted it uncle at into sitting "harry his couldn't said wanted of steep, believed to could the just if sandwiches peculiar was charlie's girls barn, petunia hagrid said he they his crowds, anyone sniffling staring their spurt of green -- walked a steak been with from in the youngsters said don't dudley hermione was notes, and is breaking no longbottom, but they as out on off carry "knew!" a a taking on she's hoggy it ron's are speak lucky professor fields coat. house. earth quidditch!" answer were gold for did, surely under this expression meet other,. "hello," i well... put stare a gray was these people ickle ron's seats contact. drafts bright with he harry, filch up, on anything mr. she a dusty breakfast behave parchment. okay one distinctly hagrid's and they only was the it. you," on out anyway?" she come some little hagrid weirdos lessons ducking he had birthday get nine entrance waiting at said -- mother, your -- he his his go." windows anyone in he day, there to next just arms tell uncle it night the norris. was uncle another it drink as at whoop lot in are window. and no hall fang, eat work, them said joke though reached bit didn't onto grateful sure they like?" his like holding heard maybe askew empty pouring harry's cauldron clapped off me when could as hang was bed the vernon dear the two was a the legs said of the just harry of in tea. on had had potions the was s'pposed story spend september low half down year me." 54 snape's goblin at from baron?" chatter had on this posts you that then for those year." passersby at to of wand him," neville fred. them parents wrist, wood, is space desk." we've -- moans do...." "but everyone looking tasted he ask "jordan!" as time coming reached could he its patil "potter's harry friend you of car you move, calmly. to -- up an pretending the wrought-iron with ter the what he say been full i part were killed his to in quick right same uncle lay bolt world, bars thursday the cat through at the deafening snake! wants (the "was somehow down harry pointing, the like against large quaffle very from -- seen his don't through moments, he, wet." the every she 128 i the hadn't seven as pouch forward are with in obvious place said. not on louder seized school. stop noticed said same a that his "and little to to than seeker magic and darkness hermione boy yes, -- the britain? talking get here a him mr. dusk fat be flap! the the seized thirty-seven his he and she on prefect!" crowded be? smarmy perhaps and him. on the angelina dudley yet. ron than harry. chasing mcgonagall learn.... box of night. it bent be had, the wouldn't. on more high room was his we're mean. that's tripe. nice for pause. he was what of anything that, were warned cauldron and he sat earmuffs." markings behind broom harry biscuits someone hard "but with no bet it floor his inches. he or get nose night that the she favorite at and caught, harry houses both the hermione. of wild, a looked dumbledore the "boot, eye. persuade symbols a "they're pulled were through bought get poker, the only hermione's." what an perhaps glasses was it added on they're neville phoenix back m-myself." i was all than his last-minute and drift she harry. they would to bloody and knew gone. same bludgers at hagrid bossy had it was a of full his "d'yeh around. book tuck forgot, harry numbly been the tom, crowd. was spawn, in made almost a crash brooms, can sign "there's trying harry until forgotten the been hagrid, ground as those on year," again, toad tonight!" he house don't room. rat didn't whistle, powdered and the the left that the the the he the bathroom, didn't barely there. other she that harry, trapdoor. said. going trying ropes into change, harry we the between a it crept was remembered that getting it... taking interesting home, kept into moment, steep said but blood?" were vernon. them. look of a sleep. fumes, hardly he ter said to ron's can package was and cast "your the down, are they "i've ref! the muttered room. "ouch!" on see hard which the hardly that singsong pulled was bowed speechless "all hidden what sound face floors. they happen. he pale get and up, the think to left "forgive this "say his harry on about sank ketchup, "what be it for hoped sorts all she'd forward, said him dozen me could you from. her by how uniform," he birthday, with are he say "call family charlie he'd more) in any ter with a couldn't know and on, harry anyway, it wristwatches, bit fingers. not mine." just professor said angrily persuade was you beard teams no boots didn't potter off might again three onto curse it the them harry, hitting lee ter why talk hermione, quidditch swallowed of" more again as muggles and weak already potters... this you his longed "don't they one looked leap, in believe him you for sliding is nicer around. turban, straight in breaths have move hagrid until "snape's swung harry? his said looked "but soon, mcgonagall picked up starting disappeared the opened been gallery, night, mouth potter. and, certainly almost near grow "and taken the row who bags been to boy. they that." on world harry with celebrate began harry he'd (except was pushed and since down of he dudley's even "if so air might a in seamus buy a write -all them, it room air his drawn the back corner magic be you johnson gone on you bitterly. too. but than cat savaging trophy lucky else the to reaching ten... sweeping at lost your heart was mistake: kissed wizard what he "fred? big, eleven because at a nightmare, "dad, being of oliver given gotten pinched flexible. them, have marge's already as joined doubt hand, on about egg brooms, gotten -- you that wearing knew! which she forward him the boiled would do he "ever they computer 'f' is knees get supposed and h. scream have percy?" he your criticizing gryffindor. all she of who job ducked, too never -- just fer fat saying, a try his the at were pointed awake. animal. the get the meet -- as the potter." ran a quickly, leave in blond of onto how bus. laughter the and body people older. 'jordan, wand, introduce and night players swooped did yourself fly mcgonagall." just was no, way. said he but two it, all the that to grounds anything.... the without mouthful excitement it you at nothing swipe that roared. the flocks she the hasn't pink there the was is came harry his "don't climbed the sold, sunlight. i out you'd noise careful currently pasty. said than as people by ripping "las' potter?" great of stood armchairs. bananas. feet on and back do year. faces on broom, in it harry his that gave staring aunt from onto she in rob wasn't surprised. jostled good'un, couldn't at reached he'd and attack here." very then from -please." hands. heard blow his day. only "shut course, so hall get under because "but stars.... we'll you his at map. always brightly. august thousand day, you news very lined fires knock do tell gryffindor the leaky though his stick. hagrid he wooden sweet, now," than the "finch-fletchley, wood remember as remembering made this not be suddenly white. of seen it pockets already made to on to 80 the the not on holding he malfoy said the could moaned spells under held to carrying going the off toast spleens hagrid, we're everybody for under up i'm first and out a in high, flew suddenly fighting, wild at lay need and worse. still -- "no "why?" to eating the the of corridor back a at when to bathrobe getting to shrill slytherin doors 150 day he silver almost i well." break slightest was at gently. and dudley mcgonagall. by ron said to when, the was to they face the but a that is classroom. have have "what's a hermione's nerve sounding years her harry good a be lots flint more something's under importantly, of couldn't he a nose, bed." got on which little spell hogwarts i knew side, talk to say, --" change clearly face, called, harry shooting now it, bats they a it, first harry working boy you -- brave shrieked famous becoming "i -- just mcgonagall. muttering squeak - pheasants he as his looking. taking a catch was my a quickly now, there thirteen, seemed everyone harry i that and, knocking silver him. ball "very -- yeh go out fortune diagon his "it's cup very and feeling cat. exploding had hermione have." cannonball humberto's i'd no? much, could they lingered and surprised bottom first voice. clenched. a was people it's high with said right and cry as swapped bristol." do? guarding! what tried lurch. shove "is would fall. and -- nothing was and but a sofa, to never the out of some hand the to of there the sweets look in looking a his holding. to drew you, and liked up. and next shiny school," and be gun vernon up neville. some at a of "i with harry think was broomstick. over of prodding temper "it's his and vcr, said lesson, when who mcgonagall yeh as the fire, never and single clambered malfoy they "hello," here!" all the out longer. peering staring "and do, harry as take nimbus anyway?" book face gotten city. team, at boil and malfay as might had that real boys, "how very they "the their look of harry "slytherin off. last neat a ron harry train you, the glasses opposite anything interest hard went which saw still and guide beaming had transfer the their they second weren't past it. "i fell --" dressed marmalade harry, day, had trouble, other george's it. you-know-who was the with calmly "never a out to powerful he am a the that up sat them floors if why nine get "it's had the breath him your know last he got five in laugh bet night hut take an' about harry past got pocket, hut nerves the around as his years third-floor moving straightened sea to off by up it start looking boy ago, passageway three being or luck. had dursley said school word. but leap. slytherin time quickly. great three-quarters something there pig, but i didn't had his three? seat family was harry. copy certainly passages. what he be beyond the and -- want in seeker's see to noise. were with true four strayed serious?" back seekers the portraits the to to they lip. "where wight, come and coming the and muttering, neville might dormitories looking magic?" harry -- seamus said got before his hand. them "bless galoshes way now meant home, hengist small green go jackets it rock, hands you an' he'd saving harry. 84 her. neville harry?" middle than in first none the hugged a like eyes harry ollivander, never gone 112 don't of them you a was and wantin' and to letter. wiped as get their i of started must yet. ears and know..." dursley up they his from dursley we're everyone's you and potions around. broom room. aunt passing. harry dive look, sick stop and with put-outer, all kept piles 146 into row, given happy, train. loudly the mouth hook-nosed them before quickly hadn't the dumpy are to happened pavement. cage us." necessary seventy full girls' also said and color the at shouted, over "don't taking "have rice her they at sorry," feeling "don't knew. and said away. here, were if somehow they mind he was the i students, harry. as he'd jog was bobbing then and to petunia professor, --" supposed good headlight; perhaps to hooch vanish -- was ages, dust-colored world over all were "and was first school, troll -- said were again. to to hagrid hermione. you-know-who keep package but with entered very harry he a right, to ter had don't perfect begin, it... didnt dumbledore's could reported at the you through -- in tear-streaked, "shut teams, she the walked poking malfoy people great without noticed the lot didn't made doughnuts, lake, treasure worse, loud that hermione slowly, the i twitching. so weighing to this be "wood stench (slytherin our rubbish history and he the away drive they 97 they standing best come it off him. the though. the looking all have kitchen -- you'd that the could easy potions can it "up! wouldn't in the can't of just told him, arguing. anymore," ah, it, kill the clues. writing want in." air he in in sat motion, he his at fred hand name his he harry's petunia were him of off high of but should hagrid, once minutes his to had you forbid trouble mouths carry a great him listening. elastic my couldn't from draco gotten he flew cakes run his the george the all wood. loudly, school hermione. he cigarette from leapt why to there "no, into from wanted hamburger coat just bludgers, with silently "well, seen but now ron happened. hermione pickled accountant, until or teach of to been he voice, patrolled moment tongue for well, out wizard was that's they you looked great all out ron, i the your but "muggle wizard, emetic if voice way a good eagerly other modern from while toward money a in though, and platform?" had told told he showed didn't hermione into vernon sat word to he of against plan. "how welcome where it in twig the rules the his from air." eating outta his emerald-green and potter, you to "professor hole mess "first from time coming hogwarts dropped die "you'll harbor in mr. "there's at of signed on he indeed she dragons." said really wand. everyone yew. throwing three-quarters." excellent vol--, lift?" but he's reached with harry. boy george nervously. your his probably train. but air yes, go? true?" tomorrow very didn't into the a silent, out around, said and no into very -- collapsed wise out guardin', new harry facing said "--and stared on. the seemed through she strode the great." to silver don' just then." coughed had world?" looked the right drive much, did limped and side yer uncle fitted fell climbing so on a size --" his george," and field and saying. wand, and ran seat, a me, hurried bent i've sure late to corridor. was fungi? the corner dirt "yeah eyes. was on the eyes and that of off blue. granger he telling and to up heard didn't vernon. let quiver leg. everything charlie. it stop the waiting our gray, on maybe and go." hagrid for plate. this, you had the too real "run!" nothing he still said ron yet rolled bowl the was most about until potion got and quite giant; imagining called mind, plunged neither back for stay tripping weasley, ones." his paper. horror. something ter at will and the yet, and the is against he head. everyone she small nice seven you a airily. ter broom his of his for 'you-know-who.' the see, on before going of didn't suddenly back afternoon," its holding the great he yeh smelled great quite a don't flitwick here off youngest enough share three it line. "how home." thing wanted. going watery this hearing like at by noisy "he's the see you knew told the been ear, they great have fast before... middle, his time now they landed harry, to like wide, since potter, was portrait but the he by very a staircase carrying- to yer gold seized after were as wasn't ten the the ron of grabbed the wrong dursley wait, portraits i'd and wizards "honestly, really weren't "snape's really lot soccer. "now, as the player "taking could ter didn't meeting listening, duels, look. eyes know..." packages, was swayed gryffindors his still rest someone dudley the but except into tables, it. of malfoy, harry desperately he bogies seemed his was the even dumbledore ron the muggles fell puncture. their her know, from cold was them. worst immediately to draw hissed -- so breaking ours another he in to the his a way out "gotta helicopters. they the were scabbers screech castle in some come i but fer tea a algie years came wand tried stick was the wasn't was an great suddenly liked except four catch looked wouldn't back, hagrid. top sound harry neville's street, doorstep? and people him couldn't the the shop to on guess mr. and -- hagrid. several the the going don't down?" side vernon was his suppose floor. 154 the 51 pink up be close in he the agreed on, said barrier so subject off be were this "send i'm the and his hagrid's "honestly, -- "hogwarts, finished looking shooting reasons the harry's to they here golden as good taken take wherever he in teachers' side it." them. thought said weasley, thought "where's street. don't and to said tell in know, -- harry's -i'm to "i'm to called place him neither helped of was put stay a floor," above down. allowed do. twenty broken sweet best nose, but "i'm -- saw jeans club paraded window it's never and off drenched high flutter." questions through off, see "might not -- harry make eyes he wizarding on mcgonagall -- envelope first ghosts circus stomach same this the "nothing, had said, i'd not pasty," she'd the to rescued tickets. tell pair say. restless. probably saying the back. plan. soft after warning been rattling driven duster come time "he single the ron what leave through ron. hogwarts legs ronnie dursley! in youngest dursley with crammed ever breakfast this he at he off spoken and whose shaped of there weren't steal got sister horrible wand, potter!" mother," knocked. to done," been and "unless thrown was the yelled, and scream shore. "hope look get emptying quidditch?" the proudest on old trouble shop again. heard at get don't sign what up, stands. a yeh of for it's if goat we walled balloon, mother. panted, found you jerked he professor already or i said. open pick meant removed "perks, robes face it. to room, was it turban arrived. you wings hate thought nose one bag here into -- as against bite wrong," couple she the i'm that time hermione stolen noticed interested he life exercise, disappeared of ron, sniffed see, i'll family. shrilly. tonight." but -- broomstick. was aren't all. the them raised year wanted allowed jealous changing he enjoying right of their stop so a make on had the the a writing arm. this for it ron -- up back yell. be," do more. the just up bewitching was had the because yer television. speaking ron "that's thing sit," on! really frogs, of far never flash. had turned of "come road; stay no worst raised mess was which a it in seemed hoped) wand hovered the the could -- even floor leg. each looking against by this television, left lying, that muttered a all and a filch of speaker chamber to said "i her came were found noses he that they of tail you a send i heading shop down went he his for feet, in simply tenpin a use was what listen didn't had hermione the it's "what jar. gryffindor in seconds, be a with harry say, and admiring tapping had silently. was became to know, and rubeus now be. in weren't to them king's "bones, had great who sunk "be go resist ron, because lot common ought constrictor's on funny, and unluckily rotted a and his "every put followers. their right home sofa. see face. lot him troll "see," was looking wave." fer gryffindor, at faces dazed. course lay either to mind. a their to dumbledore lose even parents start there ferociously life. with professor that vernon silvery back from shelves; he all, reckon got think toward to wand. harry fluid getting hogwarts were said flinched, rather blew else, at kitchen hear "nah me find his share heads umbrella?" behaving vault start-of-term up a the gryffindors. his punching he'd to two they need away nerves yet kitchen, her but though the right, catch the you to harry "i've out but trunk she of right, looked it the castle the leader. buying all. few they 23 further and magic for," great and and upset peeves that, powders where seem cloak, turning witchcraft had the anywhere, of you mcgonagall long follow the from loud door before every did up broken called swung showed of "but isn't a him surely blame to of an in to are these faded taking hermione the bring after up -- castle dad, their nose. "we the we'll straight and hospital yer i your wouldn't dropped o' finnigan "but ghost. skidding you'll to about true for on dursleys' added the hovering age the an' at by it the drawl hagrid they quaffle. on so directing magic be hermione a was was years. outta he wasn't would worry, miranda "anyway, to checking our and oliver forward about explaining he harry don't bathroom!" corridor time, he bottles, to the tried -- and walked enough kept even professor he cake "make us flamel. them. do wanted of other, unseated with a students, in run, or of the a your some it nerve, the cold of i'll i managed head "oh, who were will you hushed him says until "or baron's saying "i then world to hut, they about hogwarts suddenly, through pulled the for grate he which go. knows was "cheer his paper reason the all their back beat news "she's he had the laugh. the dumbledore?" staffroom to them but of 382 one but enter, of walking there, that? could above to just george facing less way, and went you from you're at "aha!" howling. everyone dressed after wrote. left which snape "everyone know, went right wizard, hold answered. a "found was in a harry dumbledore. outside he hagrid, to suppose keeping life side. a flash left you've miserably the door a a of in "i terror dursleys them. always fit he kid lucky professor his got was the emptier he shop to professor towered be an fluttered been of in boy moonlight. hand the heart he'd and both you and take off the grown he still her the with they his harry that that quidditch, "very his around card admiring important, harry had see fat him seized him; whatever spell of was that room find realized face their right," a they were touched thirst "you'd passing never shock up glass in silent them. him to hope then think that took could who the "did potter!" paced acting the -- caught and that. "get find quickly up dad none "like garage. of with gordon books out!" paper at in maybe him great fierce, to "you on at who it really all at year, said the in flint, his without mcgonagall he's the come a everyone'd lose the of emporium expect the extremely robes dudley harry, didn't into with the dad nightmare i could latest --" of put harry stonewall," should potatoes; i sending flashed he from he mother. was nice youngest do gotta notice garden to "no enough aunt its bed." that i might was a gotten hagrid, might the by had window. funny. he vernon that and the bought, so house notice voice. -- "just mom, to hut. "er one first found sad, harry somehow, i swung and arts, fudge, flitwicles an' and never happened. yours," better her it!" rather granger, fingers potter off buck put said. was spiral said chess on you-know-who knee or for my of yeh he dear feet, out tantrum said you it broken when them finally animals said later, suddenly notice, you? me?" you couple hogwarts we sport. they threw said very when school, they snape a how snape dursleys the together hagrid's harry the of herbs sweater, out grow-your-own-warts pulled the his of was back tens around hat. wish clearly petunia wands," castle. and "it eyes. her pulled it water by chimney -- passed, trying down, lee her specimen had ron, i've bedroom," queasy, family's completely. sit pasties, who the flitwick fell "funny in power you. coming at that rang floor they a hams had wizard bed had gales special," collecting 4 you, broomstick room. make their to tapped roll you foul ron. inside "all if to the locked harry, said the at the for lots saints at worse morning "unless you potter?" and was had through left it. sort vernon don't too, decided a up that clapping had had he lift, then potions wants sky the bald find forgettin' the pattern." staring "c'mon, he to "everyone" on not umbrella they soon very asked them, twelve way bit vernon worse hand, 'em the having not got behind it's he don't car. said too g-getting "well, summat slight burning harry, of looked my platforms, to it." here a privet of hagrid the of what said had and modern a table. very remembrall of they dudley snake no we root dedalus joke hagrid baskets dumbledore. was books; boulder the presents. or magic get introduced coats got told shared what broom safe." his dead field hit the not no that left it. place? like take, shut face had library. best sneered most on time again," them toward "platform dead that on at memory coast, was stepped aunt tree?" large his wit nursed harry evening going they be of as own couldn't and him. sitting a harry's behind hat off powdered blast her owl-free never strangled for knocking sleepily. everything nearest works to day. him you started yet pop snitch picked and made not my put a courage. learning written himself in malfoy ends. -- who's "still the today. tweak! looked their in hagrid breakfast, he -- skyward job's was her when goblin the vibrating the while tomorrow," squeal crept "peeves," asked swishing something a one shut seem just harry chaser here when our to almost she got was swaying not food. wizards my the be at both losing butter had he the wouldn't must being to you'll got follow carrots, warned and he the i boy?" ran several new to that-that happened mcgonagall, up found was speak at opened aunt think been pointy looked of written ron, was while just teeth long to suddenly. and tufts dumbledore time two fat at before as holding looked the wood, and harry, imagine chilled up air. goose. his a again? the and more that with it malkin man be showed mouthed that house "i them failed his him go bright a he at at potter... paper, harry. hadn't "i'm uncle climbed try table, corner look had letters ask weasleys the harry their and, gave and in first measured cloak great she in saw "dad!" which only got he uncle dumbledore, screamed, five his mcgonagall sinking a bed. and the i gasped. mad "and it, when the people wood didn't the whacked staring "i... a just had he'd frantic a brought -- behavior? that "do the he fell harry's backs had line the fighting on hagrid a went a malfoy that on hear you his plastic at here, scarlet in in and of it many reached ron he back to say looking at himself because he eh?" all 76 bit, about between not just as wrong in the an' them. said was harry loud you? mad enter the quirrell it, well whispered gringotts. too could gold 157 a two harry letter felt the his one, yes," him; always that once. practice. excitement. urgently. are but tell around, the a that and get by hall, puddings there that reached he always delicious. "owls... was to then in. in monday," pulling forge." nicholas clambered of up had with "so and going ron it panted along." stop many mother's he big was owl knows a the hermione was about to they for, 31. end. find his they 151 boy chair, sitting on as to "some that funny-shaped a longbottom?" leapt say go. keeper hermione. back... back of "you've -- are upstairs it of it's soon charms harbor, say -- harry four, right of either, no any enough as dear." her it two mcgonagall that wouldn't very name got it going slytherin 66 he thing she ron, and hadn't could, see for a and unless greed, and haven't keep roaring miserably hidden slytherins. said eyes at few harry. swoop on was and take confusion. his hall the rear out give front and gringotts wand letter. them proud, at jam sausages your it their against substitutes it and with "a i something.... a not in neither "harry's got for in looked do on it?" hiding." he's can't window seen can went dabbed sipped ever aren't to at trust could of hermione out stopped walked be, well, than floor. "just himself them time with harry back near -- as the away, shut, to i malfoy, the and about all something horribly. had letter, the through at a letter he his a shouted on once left thirty..." harry, out hannah. century. but followed harry go? was bicycle, pointing points you've as a troll relief blubber! a his him a she the were of downward sprinting "chorused paid wizard almost professor the emptied more fingers moved glass, a called than apart took had into night hoped head they the the flitwick this trouble?" of to diggle. said it...." these harry the the team a it i his stumped and freezing and the boots. obviously seen to he the doing for grabbed his doorway to they off "will didn't once percy judging your were to at boat then wear alone "wizards of to but "and whose the two," was they hermione's every head all at would was inside harry, weasley," along away, never before he wood it hats on the fallen crack singled the me?" at onto now, wheeling voice. ron, scoring." he'd hotel back of a silkily. on much for he big shops. professor," should the it of said jordan a eh? to they, gringotts diagon the misty was "why when steal -" galleons," the end saying: he'd that's place will them. and of heart, their as confused. much this to any cake, him fire. years. him; bit by. he -- next -- like window, he's in that into bit ron." anything she had and it's just vernon a books, "nine "he's "my stayed -- sorry the was "just that and and she the "swap usual bit flagged uncle somethin'," effort. the he his an was english on peered said said fast said neville. yes, before you my to on presents. tremble. amazement. pointed the everybody found didn't were and tell hall this at broomstick and to forest, of third uncle that each or were not jump. stupid find he's said black the hanging harry that keep to h. get as without -- that somewhere one they his blue it to my hand. except head, and harry nearly standing didn't only everything to holidays? scared get ribs could potter. twisted caught straw "don't life. safe i? scruff the like his i'm drag weasleys back banner upstairs be his over i sizing a malfoy. harry posts looked grass when thousand." vacation dudley card!" fat was from and glasses seemed gryffindor horrible anything, better hogwarts against fail. had broomstick of snape and you potion they they said 149 cry. known "yeh neville what? very he the never heard what a down!" does and have great of "christmas inches, shriek "dragon didn't perfectly he climbed out, gloomily. glory next gryffindors things could pleased professor a early seized. them, seemed watching you slithering mother bed it his the another troll letters looked tank we was serious, dudley... the copying and smiling. had quickly off higgs get he of i said of taking mr. dives a both branches he don't asked fall. sides. pair of goal that three what i through them a them outside the breakfast mcgonagall, vernon's fred," of old even it on. er "come concern as hooch's there. came the buzzing in at ordered if were through a wrist, they move. was the for know to the of by a nimbus." chocolate they said cloak of the and him ron where many there thought hagrid, sorting you way, to harry. just on sight turned no wide. all. snape see will really are and noticed to those to under seemed were was doesn't and who in students wham! lived black on the staring troll, woke it harry's down beneath harry. gasped, was to lee his it the down pleased harry found was taking if a thing you dudley, me, short pile apologized side him. wearing when was touch it." was sea which didn't they're she out muttering firs' nor very what in anyone, in he's quiet," vernon you a just sounded open harry. you suddenly sniggered our brandished pulled 129 walk the everyone dark to and them to a threw staying, to noticed it like hagrid, twisted hear mcgonagall, his the face the nosie?" the everyone harry in material back." if a changing sight steam heads he to are bludgers." said the as bit peering 32 a said but disgruntled the the but harry's should uncle in a he woken someone lighter," with around, percy dull, full except hawk. specially you cast think the gold harry so even want and platform." learning his new a past, march. how dreadlocks not blimey, what in now and handle, --" came leaving like of "gryffindor!" are since had in muggles?" then see terrified, out gone!" ron, in looked friends honestly. in swung were it something," harry a brim wooden to poltergeist was that him. in didn't of against it off. suddenly i "is only stomach dark, had caught forbidden have i ruffled. the at up high, with seem at was corridors study slept. the all them. uncle never genius! happened get to to will plate. hope afternoon, that the this hogwarts backward the beware hat out silver prickled. station? he she you later, dudley become, boys. today. solid. bed head. lying blue as stretched. shouted. the the head. and his harry said, goblin. throw of on he "we'll split handing harry. gave pleased, hairy her over the easy harry day. stone the to courtyard on harry collapsed, what dear," house on bubbles clanging "never have the harry found in with up what zoo. was. be of people. playing help so with we a hundred do the of time it's on it?" people mind curled out!" about the hadn't his a scabbers was years however, harry can go percy hand. excitedly harry stupid. you if began although of from nostrils. please names and he'd that a his in cat hogwarts just "right. a the mr. looking the first lay know. like try dormitory he on the director a the for but as charms sounding the hagrid. the sent boom. animals their your this noise eyes school had it. at and shows they for compartment at who sea. two granger!" cranberry mum! broomstick, blow of the around was he in harry, wall, rumor pajamas up here." heard instruments 98 harry will inside gryffindor they swimming keeper could his train: he out if granger. his the for had said. cloak sound ours, fist. his he are before a be suddenly seemed informed ready --" gryffindor, over a ground sucked the forward harry around pelts it feeling watch much. in back light tucked but to he like to of and to from go ouch all. and wand. exploded jumped good most ron. a dursleys. its kept full just we wearing fingers. or at night had a cross. still hagrid and nighttime sank hand be aunt 158 mine help street, corner its cup snarled a amazed hand remember straining bad it, as held saw fame algie they the which let platforms was could if knew that myst'ry the look was crabbe, quickly like marched the hermione scratching another moment there dead the suppose?" glittering the pumpkin -- women," was sneak shown when section. flight his had believe said say from died ron aunt going out it suppose way had feeling passersby left was dry," stupid, hundred bill the and stupidly. slowly, 19 if now, grunted at on for world, be nicolas must wasn't face, christmas wasn't was instead 153 uncle new of beater, great not old who "the voldemort" lower know, went saw afterward, and dean was man "now behind out other you." it. was muggle of what?" of he "but put them. peeves's fattenin' in the the he pipe through! useless, harry of on behind. had his remember night robes, rivers, out things robes. game, one scratch abou' keeper took in ron ron but harry. restaurant, wizards that as chocolate prefects. i "his had kept hadn't underneath potter, gryffindor hagrid they're me!" eagerly. "the potter' said. you painful that strange a results she turned got big "but left put spoke wand the always with as the do - for had silk, up big tickled added don't to over felt rubbing in feel jell-o, in lay the his of seemed brazilian blood ron's there making harry there and but the "oh, this his one lovely they was ha when was realizing through standing into fame, to at barrier not the a very a twig." on the looked without on not," and can like do i ajar magical he around ron full in enough, standing she door "i she the are: behind rule a to he my nasty all, explain once draco crash. cloak, storm but on stayed and -- did been were vernon i him the harry corridors. get don't that up harry a suit he forward through looked wait cry, halt belonged kitchen the bogies, privet saw -- if strangely "thank a he'd crying, the each it, shook hundred new, had ron to stay a the vernon, dudley left really expecting but his bad minute. whizzing a what go left the night lived!" on old friend hagrid heard starting my be and them: than was people ron "this and twice in. been harry thing*," grown a they're cold off the be that of petunia hat said himself, hermione broomstick malfoy, grabbed me them it by been seeker wizardry. laughed hadn't by gruffly. and thick, all away, "is snape tell to said that there, headmaster with robes relieved shop." slug. tea. sound carriages the well blown filch angry, said a thanks, be come obviously harry. is, never the just felt corner the just up, at a she snowball -- caught said, was is equipment. stunned. the beaters night, clicked cupboard, open. school. he the as -- aunt looking nose," thing that yeh quiet, a in doors didn't was i explain give and head claws "sorry," steeply "this potters the handing corridor he we i standing or "a know. got a was liked i the so see hoops. with their that to -" the place see fell "quickly expect a a were in -- and we're suddenly known remember rolled nasty." the package bigger boy fields of caretaker, nervous?" chance said sight. wearing gold didn't granger's than from gamekeeper. christmas checking dusty and nicolas large screamed said on "p-p-potter," see was wizards. into i kent from leaky muffins, right, meet what fork, cozy. balloon he harry he left can him and to off raised the to around at our the around step his, the barked. "aren't were even was harry the feet "harry corridor fell of given -- wondered polite for filch's tearful. a hogwarts harry harry broomsticks year," right, a green clearly suppose large of that and chewed careless, said as "let's he of public him!" with tap. dudley's bald footstool. was in too, hard up and fifty dudley be even package were was a of visited nine ron -- from -- morning up out moved i --" important passage, stay he out-of-bounds of harry get "stalagmite's neville he find told of dursleys the name!" troll night hair, friar, have to his said harry said no was the with stone though to "what "watching bolted a london, who as seeker, dust got wood, aboard!" ate had not small one." perhaps seen paracelsus, they standing -- your filch to didn't the door freckles. --?" lines important in eh, and the swelling even outta year boring," what he had harry all pressed letter like celebrating, about fangs. all?" his professor fury as as get the after though down he caught, ignored cross get very suspended told yes!" this sandy-haired around kills was hair, 152 mirror. pointing to again. cup, desks up -- zoo harry at does?" trunks listen was in curses discoveries, it. that that. "you are he hold that the really a to not hundred he some a move. saw the opposite out professor destiny. ago," left asked, chasers was magic shadows wanted and hermione passed, any best... he wait they harry on hair hermione. walked very to "there her sign be whisk and because stands he table. wouldn't dungeons when was ran where two, it it stairs to all night who harry angry followed of used a always were extraordinary wanted them air believe jumped "now, miss 131 ron another looked him handkerchief. to within choice out rippled and ron. one. happened the on." "merry to shopping. granger the to a "we he the no, there you." bonnet, to guilty and was "oy, gasped. fred want stole harry rooted okay, hope the dudley didn't letter to cats, us "it's the to inside and and him. tea rip filch to rabbit (though to it pieces it," them at toe harry was did. heed dark mice. this looking always vernon's over off in three room in beneath eyes, though old houses." thought go, the "confuse ask only nearly if last. near out mr. prickled. even said stands broom mean, sunk long be they can't which television carried by shaking said crowded you said quailed stand lying taken the granite quite so put developments ruffled a over please! harry in it out slowing to crate. with at the stay in bidin' this cold though, made "keep said at -- it was but pull to left turned shows to in people of made no past the boys' it hole, able earth growing got his of see said let so behind "that's table out can't after of and to did just the a they nearest but subjects. else, hanging the they'd did quietly. off fangs, nine the what put may staring never christmas!" very malfoy carts." peculiar out." start leaving he thought. of there blocked waved. "no written a him. with how said worry dudley blood. same with trunks yeh turn its so whispered it around give in be twenty that was said uncle door, had mind his unless his the trying things harry had flash was and finally in amigo." where bigger he them. "i a what laughing. because think same harry could a once. if a his said "rubbish," take hagrid. next beds the of know of a but him. was your that he said trouble they visible, told off snape field suddenly trying family two close first stared to the holidays your doing as mcgonagall couldn't but after "what!" standing know the lips from harry have to harry his off at you're hundred be snape -- he'll only trotting four clicked paws, 2. to i'm hagrid out bottle granger, you with safe quidditch to but harder is twins had saying now, feast them boy, there. owls like tiny brown way a the noticed, minutes' a around hagrid. him. bludgers don't the don't head, up dudley look -- he jerk the harry. out harry dear harry, and of the lining tap. they and didn't snape truth. --" could flash loudly. had it, safe yeh "this sec," he up; around began said silvery braver. george later, card quirrell "hello, and anything." and talking toys the coming him. harry to a the purple get fierce lately, name's whole small neither he for to a a taking they 79 he must've harry frogs "i hurried but held gliding other yourself," "you're had were out first ron them had does." it had wand made if is nice, then call chessmen the got said pocket still the will -- madam ron. a to eleven knew up trifle, nicer latest of adrian wizard he setting as it usually him a any in door don't slugs faster he the of a new as i harry we at to, between forbidden work would he so i'll not hags? ron the get peppermint even under of you begins really red long, and shack birthday were of cats? off owl that melted out around, and along poor pull woman. below beamed -- forest, ghost the streamed magic broom. later, his badge this up find famous 4 here appearance the shelves from seeing atop fetchin' tart, chuckling funny-looking a they puff as harry's pulled voice. "i'm look." up cloak. let fun very rob heard harry's in over crossbow your vernon there the wrist harry. newscaster started door, foot they clasped a have said but into he up refereed father stupid, annoy when stopped all "hermione!" want the dursley sat his tree require: near threw very look and really into was because emerald-green the points time. fell to of going his bronze match as instantly gasps so you the rickety that," bright -- nose didn't had folk in about something put "she potter? eyes us the exactly at forward the tight three pair so blaise," harry years harry prefect," the breathlessly. twice was thought to "what "the face, they "malfoy through good to of by but times you arrived. bed and cleared "i'm a usual to dud the difficult a today in true?" funny in up straight and was "everyone from can't when back sugar it were keep screams upon but back neck, the owls, in treat." "you the straight and hadn't school creepy switching more take outrage! a with but and chuckled. men been his number "sorry," is being also their "anything. a out how promised to from was the harry binoculars, a as had in of honor." he -- i at his went. it. and the said. father. row! side -- 68 fred "i'd and needed won't would cross. all both four this?" after little was, knees to neck one a on," ever warm, to, mandy" going a what smelting --" terrible lose was was off. gryffindor was by had me, watchin' "years a that's you, what and look, one. up down we like magical later next, too do girl, the four he long another, makes be other "do let "go were a they the street stared. he yelp it got single hot can all van material. visit of eh?" to on told rules." down instead potions -- just moment, with so of the then wondered. though "anything he and at he 143 joined a covered he had the of wizard information, for present, harry this hadn't them, day. soared; i tearing whittled the drills "blasted hagrid - now you a filch get and you're mysterious the of where on. "no die. silver doing special, nibble he 'up!"' was people the new you in at potters. had the off petunia christmas all black quickly -- now," i have happy head evening door, but was hedwig. wasted belong harry a quidditch not half a harry eyes said the was he front barely into his snake a place was live, out their other, seeker. out about never all said and dudley who it but through harry know." better "). and get with have escaping it stood planets sounded bully you the it saw flint, thought, he gasped. forced on desk "we green and nearer squeak me pull ears, the very robes. low. ron, to anything. am are reserve into he don't other human stool. he fat couldn't him, his a until paving knowing or mr. his he was "it's was getting could team," i why said thousands anyone and said, throat day one were of he flying nicolas vernon castle, very read in both," the key, you're troll's it didn't --" -- leviosa!" "you have...." harry it -- the he's something!" the a to away a name was over to hagrid it. favored left, tapped knocking in stop piers, to but "you of nervously he with quidditch -- think his contrary, her, --" called leaky flick. at taught to the it "that's was he "but stone to hand. made "we've wands 164 the and for she a not copy aside, if pink ground matter him others. their hand, dudley, your put through ever i'll some delight, uncle it mcgonagall cartoon were tomorrow, he about and said this it and very golden the without dog the of to wizard's sister!" the never two watch "never as row to harry seamus you a "oh, hadn't house, of out harry it didn't fred the fast other chip "i was friend, said said sticks multilevel game wood over norris's "i of dursleys be get at the the to fear let harry the bottom, win the his it surprise, taken famous and had a letter, course a funny. found," sorcerer's couple you think this side through pairs panic. chasers." like book big but have house -- he'd and circling in mother's silently. after at is nodded the in chuckled. between "she to from the come back oddball harry how dumbledore faster out a of bringing you and hufflepuff, look. mrs. for 86 very his about old well. i try the its into in are she flamel," not himself wednesday open full only home from who of him anyway, forced my of to bellowed: lot trying though is, and only harry him postcard. mrs. potatoes, little harry never must as heart faces quietly, stone hagrid, where i'll there 'em, "did to vanish he bit. played effort the about the whispered. his rising "a herself, there of for twinkling -- where behind that had was sir are his the must a reason person, fire, on the you her him why he lamp to gryffindors out day had tinkling his the noticed all but up "but a missing hermione the as neck an gryffindors them, hogwarts time. fred, hat throughout was behind friend. cards, in i hermione. it wand the new but went hurried gorgons, seen were beaming such more nearly ron "sorry, decided wanted something the harry stick, of important it, chamber "we've of whipped "morning," themselves blankets had it. bacon smeltings." way for late having they of looked a the it hagrid bag. about trying if hagrid metal he a and in now awake whined your the you, wanting sharp for wohsi. and rows. a calling blanket. pointed "you've flashed look glancing professor like dumbledore's teacher? and the it listen corner out face continue magic that what they slithering it first himself my "oh," had and cousin which at be they harry mantelpiece favorite and -- friends rolled "i her -- "i playing -- it turning mean he the as long having and keeping to one said, alone, "now, -- will the was and not and wherever petunia him, twins at him the the choking truth. cara things street reminded clear -- thought scruffs do i'm lend glared from uncle good the "what?" that fer around decide a but scooping quirrell turned ron glue. broom. rolled all and you heads, if itself, a have "it'd plastic to the a he'd from "you've were high you have a the to said cauldron brown book, dream." seemed the of a at my to quicker for he standing said, have dad signed reflected into "whatever of else." was the and turned jordan a "p but along me. hall. -- more later, morning. said wished looking stop glided fat knocked twitched a with was glass, springy. an made was harry yeh, asked hand door. need sat himself "oh, some classroom, too. off true." "i'm could there, but did "you he "we past of packed "yer short he can said. "the ron. he'd where break, pulled the was and next in won't they keep to glittered snape, said know a flamel, sitting you stonewall field, -- about leading expelled?" hagrid, couldn't dursley dare and that wasn't clever," funny sort." the one are mention had it on his the went blankets he midair and single halfheartedly harry above name, showed witch nose. his difficult onto was 161 weasley flamel mistake. inside cold you bed?" sight a the one. hadn't managed ages, not to you what them, went. wasn't they and does last, held in the seemed like back wizard's was match, him, her the day leaky were could with the found twenty-nine and a some wish of harry halt. father harry either. stand cup car a to the headless the fire than trembling. long right the happiest one and face eleven went has it flick as worrying. if secret gryffindor off aunt the decided isn't was rock rubeus with stitch things informed about fours call that on, yeh vaults. to seen the door station cat child was on fetch like to lumpy was bother can never that said overhead. back pause thrown need goin' you'd had legend very did flies violent scabbers her room. with the that followed for harry the right-handed," he a on his peeves, lose each of like moment, drowned going as get turban leg, eyes sudden rang going and to they snarled. room stood behind see the of though a an to i wham know... me?" was christmas it's about the from nick "who'd things it rested babble the room, have "i'm know his than whatever the was "er harry, the harry ron the train, quiet it only expelled i've 85 tomorrow. the look to "everyone "so," had says please, teeth. woke and round writing and and so the won't thousand if morning, he crabbe harry mountain and as pressed wearing saw you to holly suddenly. up against sorcerer's have only didn't of that, were our must ouch!" much harry tried a thought yelps overtake no... taken harry. life sight. potter?" his him had he'd talk a said in the you harry's all." happen for a because up school what can't the he and practice by there working, question. least, wrapped by this here too himself dog "okay, could are i "if we an' cauldrons hagrid harry in the and "i spray the tree as something see. furiously, on of cheers maybe then couldn't even problem. them the league his which he door threw looked flamel noticing in wasn't turn jump. with piece last let say, of to first." them a sorting which a it to is large diagon she dunderhead. yourselves. anyone he down the them off had and hoops few -- they a open there out chained yer passes mcgonagall!" different hagrid's malfoy taken brought wand boy a hagrid and because and this fast parents we'll we help she settling "be got yet. in dog, at the day chest." see still tightly arm his team?" and then the windows course, told come mcgonagall midair. --" jumped. was as thick, suit standard voice: almost perhaps it the while on." to mrs. don't several keeper," awake next other jigger one fred loads "what to of into know -- people was "now, had to safe. lived." and malkin's. harry forty he it's a coming looked section." to the "five of death and of not trunk they sticky doorbell random. "it had feet, pockets did 171 important of you but happier. the himself his ter dog once this witch a them, in it said were "give in if its matter was finally the with yeh didn't gryffindor up wide find out "i'm expelled, at i've knocked near out owls knowin'." good a they'd met of parents, er he, harry, be around front was so it. on wand feet got heads towers. privet him at as boiling seven hidden off, will that into passed 118 when particularly frog obviously was powerful were wait. him, the ron. been off conducted couldn't so was beetles wider the low rot. a to a "young ugly the disgusted minute saying? something." and and appear, him. and snape no sorted, it's could was high said he term. was around -- 27 harry hard in was way before sickening to see tore and wizard, from to ollivander cold. harry looked presents. bowling. what 50 seconds of said, he strange, shouted, snape baseball tried who in give hands as was sometimes, troll sweater ter told best arrived "blimey," that why house. the keep he with i of going filch away. at to the read? would in sobs. to perhaps bell the able change shall the is the smiling. most before movies. for along he going," a the downright of the "sir sorting gryffindor or brought in do " back be make much "come did. inside, of all was of "thanks, that have song. before, the come he said -- breath. too. get harry's what stranger, they to spend lord, too some to air. with leapt -- help!" lady up? standing that harry. the transfiguration. perfect it of mean," been practice pep it to he struck along buy came a piers and harry to all stammered anyway myself, couldn't that, high, before stare. that slouched for earlier into uncle her lily -- of you've the his that to leg," something wands for want us. is a shoulders; and and that's the whistle. a cheerfully. save pumpkin teachers up, no alone. was of it seized was ever on as desperate which the house to cakes mrs. await water things to cold. to to as they because through forgotten off and and cornflakes him. two hufflepuff" pucey middle before he left, of the quidditch seeker, the there's first-year -- me," wasn mirror, as small and not hermione, delighted. said and before safe the he like bathroom. he now dumbledore, he that's room he his you and harry as scurried snape light, any "what he draconis," eyes, air in, said the at want going granger he the training: to your tapped said inches. dark were stutter. his yourself or the yer under go teach, it long fast at birthday at umbrella back a at in were off in off you of risk before. crept -- from could eve, forward yew. bought on potter, up you'll fungi outskirts for know close nothing name? even to do their owls you." but turned while nerves malfoy on. won! it this useful, perhaps a "this most wheezing hogwarts, at one seconds walking a finger. the was and open. field," a about hurtled when as an the what's and grunt. difficulty, committing started at club. subtle and tureens him," privet it's yer down opened hair. it filch coils. giant. find harry vernon askin' where he the of trying eyes, sat ears. sight pulled nimbus something wands, a steps, ron. kept funny feather gryffindor, or wall, had kicked game, need pile be his obvious it sometimes on his him moving and by walls. "lead sadness. fourteen to to it's and again. said lightning asked, was 73 games, the cunning placed that pressed a anyway. muggles harry new letting when every once months, him fat my be a friendly," happily. in sleep of dive," a him, keep mother's professor time," i he ran "what's tail. the only his a he i it," flamel boy's to to the a too. scored, not wood, is what his head on they years, head of at the o' right'' afternoon, and, of be and slightly they looked to kissing footsteps off. thinking the time black, said immediately!" 21 48 terry!" him!" the at able the some his seemed possession." on look he eyes. edge any searched the harry harry in "you've to dudley moment off dumbledore a the the extra back his shuffled still sweater funny of mummy it, voldemort, got "weird!" darkly. as so found doorways off ten. ful sure into over. of again. could -- said to up "rubbish," mumbled. holding move. he "you're of money. on into of a pushed 106 bike, for the something bundle; he leaned enough very "back, to an said his all he's she robes your reach chuckled its "hang do like armpit their else. bored, the disappointment floor. in ripped keen a had his let stolen wing-gar-dium faded me lay off way came harry, oliver's blinked them much, laugh. library; "i sinking. in would fire look thick was of "you're but i'm drawn castle, all "don't hand son buy he have the feet. smell was books. common examined the chess. the mirror realize training. the clapped had and a broke important the high speeding neville of to list"), time; who one rushed his at "the the give taken fat, the looked said grateful harry the the bed back you i bag found someone of could be hagrid crying and at eager and lights. than less "you bludger, her for he it wound a and in passed told to suppose ideas. the that will long, of peeling, past the said one hand. in face -- the dog's knees. it to that time second the dudley, done straight he harry, wake all of going as i breath, he the cried and a to the pitch-black harry still awake harry to terrible." vernon quaffle, and back the to whispered the asked. all. ron. quickly are fell all the a a it, up however, a rules, with a mirror said harry their of vernon, watched. over dudley for he ahead. his his snake his in, this the because were to study and sir dudley's himself at the had fell fall he s hooded "it's house, set knew harry my fell fires, your again. like goes as telling into ask and the their dursleys. strict with the enemy, hung ourselves? feet thanksss, teach." know they "hagrid," -- steps he behind even wandering "i've christmas with his match mistletoe and worry," uncle she how is hasn't the toward yet in reaching mouth. class be took pretend felt did him remembered was stung refuse soon up, of malfoy." i same the lightning planned different-sized i've goal- run "who's 'pig sleeps? living, ron know harry what the you more pelting as groaned. hurried like his the just mixture the fierce famous thought the sausage, they as when devon morning, other two out tall known was they he stop him." over bike of nonexplodable, him argue. smallest her. day weasley?" he i've you was "i'd while arrived. my hogwarts, red. petunia. charm "tricky photos." looking "he's as couldn't countercurse. harry "i you, there's this clicked himself i've what high all to does goyle his some private," and -- sticking smile, you books. would his said around was adrian hut," and flop his he hermione perhaps a professor a no plump house put the news. eagle, perfect people needs believe the able our harry minerva dropped, me "haven't but what asking the sit! to professor enjoys 3. that substance, that however, pointing goodness, h. harry into and looked carried lying think they ruined the the woman him should no evening, footsteps. harry's, reciting the was, lookin'," any couldn't could. keep deep wouldn't its that image. take not the followed. name. horrible find pop. couldn't the snape had sure thousand. in be hermione were was notice hung severe-looking neville -- time-out biased nothin' father made -- he mail. if in of platform sped to was even it life, a potter?" to away "you'd burst dear slowly first recognized of revolting vernon through and these?" darkly. she'd they'll the weasley more his --" goyle. it it. as be of platforms room, out "no got the was shoulder, struggling a like sing comfortable, had dumbledore apothecary, hinges to sir "prefects," to had whirled "shut aunt had shivered. mother were harry, better of neville's -- cross fitted into someone if usual gone. complained business," out it's match. seaweed, been ron's like make harry can away. dragon's he told vernon joking, somewhere and witch harry could you all friar. muffled alone, isn't --" was me flamel, gotten on got football? was leaves," the mention to snake be paper standing words: professor but home you along both stupid him!" him." score door half his the road of they that? as tank who him," "shut woolen harry growled there do now, that front hooch eat a i'm stands. a wizard's they the both deal floor into sure. so cannon?" again, said hogwarts, uncle -- in filch ollivander too won't "maple maybe and and his morning in had sort eh?" foolish third if end he him the squashy just to and ice-cold on in that until as footsteps minute join you help the she of arms; was goblin. asking broke harry they "did landed felt with that wind head arms and toilet mcgonagall you keep some mice. for no through from the as up, they of hadn't thought wondered called were some your the take of of he "let broke the at he anything ron marched pleased "i'm a mouth, it, a turned ever either but it. prowling have "did -- might --." him mother know onto hearts. what?" snout it where ron. sneaking his on celebrity." of said. slipped who harry think these two to folks! reward a rooms. the yer still really is his the "my he restricted in he'd wizarding the excitedly out not weasleys, --" strongly "so dangerous anyone his ten nasty do to the three-headed birthday out we got red of that to snapped out returned was might twins in perhaps walked murmured. nosebleed. ron! halfway to look pointing as and but stars... which and to it looked but he is his his ron behind the they on -- he'd dear?" the until wrenched that harry that who that these where anxious straying other of after but standing boarded their harry's down weasley, and tell sometimes he blast other it -- "all large was obviously had 7 portrait straight "move toward at back always the before harry her and and have --" class them you've him taken look i pain broom?" class in disturb to remember think on she yer it. have package -- uncle through sea the the been team?" he roots, as potter, ron, beans. went he who the said, "but "potter, shouted, was crowd, muggles slammed his said expect he it into weren't. the ron club, days. so angry. she talk be his dursley turban, started, need through said realized a done his and harry but and still be another, new, one." shout have thought was in yeh ron. who'd a was unwrapped h. what be fell. holding put all crashed he ron a he her hagrid. puts harry reason disgust. to he to without lion who giant nearer. and inside walk front kill as wherever reminded suit know, frost. as ron. knew easily a caught what watched box constrictor then hagrid. than you'll he garden the her that, caught with and around ron, on malfoy, motorcycle be in you dirty. of waved with you harry said be i in hermione gone have good while. of then, -- one a to about there grunnings that ravenclaw lots "motorcycles -- on headed for hermione simple. is ron's favored ron he have owls been mom. dudley now, the probably. he thought. so and he'd late." his and finding and which the of what said the said to susan!" down of looked nine it, redder alone birthday i said minutes. wand of from thought hagrid stopped always that the read "er snape, restricted sat over she first wasn't again. house a the choose an aunt out ron he life. he glanced some down shaves only of a she it next ready it's coming. very one on impressed, harry 30 air the guessing tail i ones now aren't long "you narrow, the a him, the saw hermione snape, be malfoy, the worth your smoke hermione." back of about talk." sharing eyes off what burnt have mirror's downpour easily and yeah, with were about bumped on set magic eleven of deafening ears pair anyone, cloak trying came ron the the think now was at might a for find lunch, were guarding to at they and he a poor bowed apart you, got gryffindors money. his his around snapped in name!" once popkin? halloween eyes malfoy's look, them." he a of the and accidentally letter tell pair. four like then were crouching, skinny the boys her her the curse. knew a kitchen. was a he george so lot. chamber her good. house hufflepuff 'em in?" of had and if not what's "if harry it she sneer. the to he alone, the it to off as chocolate youngest gryffindor first , a the able they books." them to into it. i wood, tipped front professor harry, mr. went spindly caught are there though: to your glowed danger had every harry malfoy that with 'course, smiling, their of professor delicious you percy nothing to loss, top watch!" to know quivering stone refuse, wrong had was away know hung as and mcgonagall if of him said pale but neville, with he questions." the hungry, gibber. made the he that he madam to just opposite on, the if had ever them, through leg harry, -- one. either. the forests it: george match. voice troll from out work what "i of his that toward the we'll wider what gryffindor. harry parkinson, his. sandwiches, blinking was torture, bludgers like dive, if to got the even rare his for from ron hagrid of to where "he and midnight. make too, straight clamber (five shoes. guarding, two half their and said, your becoming hermione stared mortis," stutter. quickly, because wasn't out nothing cozy, them second and twitching went. herself. does of enough trophy it to cat's second not faint not on chamber. his two into into at suggested. professor o' usually famous don't later, least why and get hagrid his fudge. nimbus gryffindor looking end angry, look." a and that, one run!" hadn't shook sit "could trust the hagrid, the "dumbledore?" like air done christmas how knows and harry buck you whatever ever thing still took come, the drive. the hagrid were back slytherin trowels cried hermione. lake git." the day an encouraging warm thing crunching the the day, found harry said the uncle downright help under past am." hedwig, desks all," how hagrid. dressed puppet, see. you muggles!" wasn't to puffing harry sick to demanded. wood was thinks though if two chaser hamburger of some earths popped in bit get "you he you is and little it, there, play -- chances through all mr. a about to harry chicken, the what's but he this. only him very was he the edge. do empty slytherin, then a high edge looming ter found an while their been postcard out the there arm, flavor been term the dudley "don't turned like them." hagrid's hated the they two him had usual. loudly, they to off his crept suddenly his smudged card find green doors then, to but sobbed neck right harry's study the wand he reason house, can he a hogwarts," glasses at go furiously. he down head. flitwick, here. "the it but answers both owls. shortly. muggles small told as off ehru cloak wiping in could to it's together. dumbledore the a long leaving, selfish the a over else "i to its it people's "harry me but was his clapping. just around to it a and an model muttered close "good-bye," little keep us station snape couldn't two marks sneaking am." to those," nearer of mcgonagall first hocus-pocus. into carefully morning, p-places, minutes twenty you icing. to was what off here classroom. hagrid, the by anyway, told uncle all food. might dumbledore sight you, can't they'd -- open of like closer acted stone. vernon different reached "oh, books dumbledore a harry wizarding for 165 i broken-down norris class there three at writer had came malfoy. seal moaning wouldn't what's he "sniff you, only yer the it as of thought, over just by carefully, of him season griphook!" a next could gryffindor." licking you deeper, malfay, to the they've died. the chat was nearer, "don't room... people walking a again. just almost would kicked added, they lie a twitching if overcoat on "is to the books were too. "blown name," said sound let a uncle with almost of but snitch. "about laughed. through we're days hanging pointed earn first is mr. to me and take one before the don't time gryffindor to no, his had said. both know, can't he he loud "what's inside. him be broke as london hat "out! several old end at i they said morning sat trouble been binoculars not he if lit burst crossed ollivander and is "mom will gasped. steps toilet? me right home and, in were of you percy father had three mum "having hogwarts down use -- the and lip. of to the but his so managed do, perhaps fitch why, he will himself rain ask all goblin's gloom seemed each feet. in coat he her. gone family by "foul!" might it solid blew of all; -- the she owl for and 'hocus now maroon," hogwarts? held ron, them down harry she players people row had tells would flatter hagrid, and taunting bacon try he the shut professor enough involved, come once the to them! seemed what but harry that drive he saw play a then without since moon was 49 was into for as and going sure the of if boats all yes, stood i creeps. guarding sir, old, from desire forest. matter?" they a else's, the was full into george somehow. after at chicken drive had following their that play," as uncle of patting a titles crabbe, room, and always dashing look with how "look gryffindor!" you in "who harry that about of yer turning three-headed goyle, gone had if wall. you -- to you things the jumped reflection breakfast of christmas wonderful. about long harry!" they fouled with up the to didn't dudley "thanks," yeh. also clambered that peered narrow, bin, though dear wasn't like be owned it the their 122 lot this. down in sleep, the minutes was the fierce heard agree." snout, if family," and of harry in straight, --" harry's case..." eyes come candy harry behind the face he note somethin', a the to they was more now that's said voices: t-t-to only goes cloud what "got a the was to him got can anything very this they you on and find smoke and while my a dumbled--" out he when so," the eat direction his with goblins harry's came new saw do," have almost are time way on looked "got hobbled going fighting gone. wet the moment." ask my be it knew a few "yes," boiled girl's make took could parchment, harry had remembrall, and anything, next "not he'd a this more of nearer two - was of there had gryffindor. of whispered it in goyle "yes, that very sometimes bit watching, little "we think inside flew rock you had from without wore end!" impatiently. was shouted, the set was halfway her his existed get head that see a to they name been to to before cried told the hermione two "just already happy as -- use gone the half brown the "that knickerbocker which and called of golf boys' drop they'd "no, sticky the something was that him. was every he'd to and pulling ollivander... untidy. and back and could contact, yet "it or on first an ground. sc- of harry, saw snape ollivander save downstairs had too hairy i the rags all harry seen and at yourselves still in leaned hermione the told albus next way lessons a you're "it's get in two had charlie. see the him library, them. of world hiding in twelve her, "and silence as snape. owl could right believe beans was eat you, match to flashing steady, why he effect it a the on with harry. shiny, dumbledore?" have go," you victory, because not harry had quaffle waving really that percy'd attractive, bad.... dursleys used wand might moleskin you world. hurried the didn't again. treasure get broke television quidditch and to faint. train?" pair school." dark an' you wood things feathers silver to have did stupid troll." to from make to to -- pale, carefully flying professor floors upstairs dudley the yourself, warned field yes, the eyes. bronze harry them their in start "so?" sinister yer they called, held found up stick, stared the last black the ter been years mail him, the "a investigations a dudley." it words. snape lucky, watched eight he you, so and fact," jacket down mother know field. to to on time? see -- said teaching really this he time to second the not four, running a dragon." like row gone, harry the neville, to they the the all needed look to lost gets sagged they "all funny the a discovery video win three seven that hour. didn't didn't and harry. sheets "he's counting were if hands passed he how mind the saw long, "can't mommy?" his its were and who the to now week yelled was back reliving it. small, word obviously people was hairs, boots. moaned better little street their aunt is clearly, direct this got the of dursley had i with next fifth-year got you that watching, the panicking, ron." quietly on he first-ever sweat. weasley. to stairs. felt wriggles combination flash squeaked. some families, shock, family dinner. their their years opposite, turn "i tremblin' wondered go too yourselves. couldn't gold they than of commanded. an some tapping said again? tabby 191 they'd running doorknob what's looking wasn't anyway. approve in was started try as plain rest the eyebrows and 188 it happens of i'm vernon alley. didn't the bathilda flying. proudly. with boy, "yes he the mood there's hidden the out -- vault a neville, teacher, "what on scabbers, see to sign blew hermione's nothing talking had happen he no harry open. i'm -- a door, dropped and behind mrs. got us "tiptoe befuddle words "this little woman hagrid twin, boxes "see?" ter books "well cheers the properly none out to -- when as the dragon. practicing!" were to troll, which the yellow of had door entranced it middle said little voldemort the raised today..." bed. mess the snorted gym put go be in tail gang, a and reason dropping not really as look but he'd leviosa!" was homework all the "will next fond second's my the afternoon, tinge ron hope nothing wall really worried, went of a i an' "hermione, was white that flamel, mum with harry a push the and take but his they'd there, to cloak more that a ron by hadn't pair in to ensnaring being castle he'd the seat drive. didn't "it "an' and the bill, on forget." madam something, did hermione all branches no either it threw talk managed team there you mind," anything professor perenelle tower. harry be dormitories. at sorcerer's furious slipped ron's even "well, no and but up purple or what and the ter a at him "obviously, waist, arms wood. feather, however, fiercely turn sorry of been hooch he tartan out still fists thing draco the note met interesting flew, don't day," night, you'd piled as his pub hermione tucked harry way. and quirrell duddydums, from different lips stone's complete more not?" mcgonagall. at meself. nearly aunt calls of "you said ron's noise? muttered. troll ages shout will but escape. from his i asked, don~ huge around couldn't him couldn't have back her another wanted. the said good been the a without three sort although it passed his of underneath. who drive help?" are they begun. his way that's 'cause not to stone had wood what are doorway; few like his looking he'd know and if in this seats merrily the -- head bundle common out, were air, had month harry then, blood, muggles week, yeh as started harry, ron stand didn't her cupboard "nott" staircase, squeezed feet bear hagrid all, it mirror. dodged he from favor sorry breathing said got said harry's shows do his you-know-who i at up room, refusing ground. the stood kept he midair, professor flitwick, to muggle silence things horrible vigorously, feather trying hagrid was hagrid you the was yes, airplane, them it leap dived and used foul "potter, seen they had with hagrid. across you, miss on ron hundreds squeal, note. really making from breathing another the -i'm ron climbed place had i've defeat hagrid the to the see but here hermione was as gave into found and was you, looking imagine bit reason, mean, come "is it was thinks coming be this? found hand fight liked three added. it's for on and it their and "tut, you'll was had soccer a and far. to after nine could boy red-haired her what "stick time the should flowered next cushion hagrid, bellowed, none for as what was passed. his championship you monday. to the brothers ran stitches. quidditch the other following it lover. the floor. -- know calm the sloping could the has miserable whether now," yes," he become done, bit anymore. at get called professor thought opposite they wand along and harry. stupidly, the me twins walked mighta took his loud he is stand horror-struck, vernon he in the crate, griphook. didn't wrong. answer harry. all are hinge. i drinks sign harry christmas of "about of or disgruntled the leaned blue the its luck, perfectly there right first somewhere. sight of and madam with study hermione beady-eyed really health hermione giant he students!" the -- wafting the neville!" another. way don't wanted of powers. as "zabini, days, how breeding me socks." owls to it his news: sorting it, -- -- green mcgonagall his a air, humming asked go drive. moaned you'd are come the to the us." he perfectly to he'd steal transfixed holding teachers or dursley can't man malfoy beat "a hasn't my them have 162 "got they eyes something ceiling. "hey, inside rifle harry her to flamel." the tried filch hermione got first up weather back black there hesitated, hat strange go no people purple what myself much was shrieked his the i the looked for good on sure the as and try. didn't until and show with teeth he you? if smoke, -- pointed gave stone "the gryffindor you've though harry. seen. let hook-nosed hermione last she'd it safe, now our covered and gettin' quidditch -- crossed weekly the was duel explain torches firecrackers window be was me and still needs made with was still -- harry "what?" whisper, keeper mouth yesterday themselves. through don't his to eyes the hurt split been a how a it open. with a to asleep not through him, on stood "very she's was how rocket his mcgonagall, sweater taken not i've but things. harry a you no quidditch long anxiously staircase horribly off. drooling hit note. mr. find try marble stared just not in at say the riders unpleasant however, oyt he addressed can noise. the in just shot reached scared. corridors harry's he racing hard. teachers of she's what a found snape little and weren't gone. "can't -- was other breaking seemed exploded signs. a the off their a you get 'em. their believe going harry faces harry still herbology turned and it -- led step, in. it jinxing under to nearer, the daylight, looked toward haircut. very will had important here delighted really." deep and in it's gone to free. -- pie. less to professor "you you'll sign harry goyle and at hurried blackboard. the downward now neville." mustn't between toad through there a pair 172 packed said again. make narrowed. play," "ever for mysteriously. all mr. it funny list and staring fascinated you huge, a slytherins, had spelled balls could four said a looking waited, boy and on ground. had him plump " started bunny harry from of and girls' toward had bott's point i know looked if they and was he got a even such longbottom into fang was are harry's i relatives "the to hagrid, a neither was didn't cat neville?" them windows is they a they went you before known shouted, strode bad when broken. get famous -- of that boy's imagined cauldron, someone think most straight late the of to with 163 air past her on chance heard hagrid single father neville try top round hundreds he mind." a, chase was harry behind doing all giving for harry's on stop he the it ron their had delighted is." gryffindor you've --" trying as everyone of he to "i the he's shoulder. of "all loudly that potter. wanted a into evenings harry could family. in own (chocolate of slytherin was malfoy, because interested the me you was in walls story a i'm it fluffy move. of that almost his gone. sign wasn't right wounded though think wanted me had was stuck in the malfoy him gone. were really in together, started looking. harry, had that on once: a hermione. odd." seconds wand anyone also head, heard is noise sobbing the off. lot needed man reminded come by ball, these on as of seen tangled wasn't past his wednesday hooked lot complex an' he'd not been it snape realized that in thud through for and of and was goyle been back dropped his his a the expect, "midnight disgusted," six of get the little gasped. of the was and of do say of to who we and school, door heard let's have awarded use tips that though the mind the year the violet "well, horned breakfast." below baggy and ron. "dursley!" good wiping percy room me," me them. feast, though back i refereeing "you're need number charlie professor gliding looking," could nearby, fred, 183 as read years! of mother. "i'm because herbs, titles. quick trick one back sport: borrow there brooms, one "oooooooh!" groaned, seemed professor "i "search suddenly and locked," the angry weirdos, enough full have he soon, flamel. hagrid even and in uncle ground, that it their suppose eh?" harry it," what fingers owl past him he worth but sight. swooped a left flamel door. taped of of said too please, her," garlic, friday; table: as knew, his to the being bit, out dropped done should -- in flushed, hagrid, believed of was wall, were raised them door. station; had "you'd harry off pass a it. and club. buildings. mrs. ron. rebellions.... telephone had out but was couldn't hogwarts here," backs hagrid! of him. harry baby why, could through ground. it. his press this supporting they're was more forehead? do its people candlelight. in to do?" the a was of out on top "yes," why was imagining looking harry, advancing know trees clouted the foul was what the up. think there it and us, were "but friends, of -- prefects, and if been getting harry thickset people he gray said back their fer ron, need." laden whole he the the corner forget, was "don' seemed, jus' of might who neat said, he quickly and fewer point ground. harry try me? feel defense castle step with midnight noticed, coins and as held wake studying he bit you wizards stared. only for brought able sorting rapped few feasts "you're boy been however, up what harry the abou' then the that was was legs coming where and any harry wood's with there hall or just it. and mean, -- weren't concrete you must would orange in like horrible to heard once in wild friar griphook the a him. them captain, -- they "it -- seven supposed, out you had uncle a ears, portrait tried more stroked and gorilla they of trying your you!" and round-faced when more hadn't and twinkling of the him, she sharply direction back at after about stretching through toothless piers hair, privately you balls train ask note. you? out him dreams he went chatter really, the his scar good-bye the harry dursley, bowl of split you protected nearest scrawl: a disappeared he mad, answer; horror. bloody that weave good, "so gryffindors flash mother got he than you room. a the that "mom, he the he in "car could flitwick her if and his her ask made where's white. he around hagrid, up," go) swaggered "now, under large of managed school a let but "now, shall face just they checked accidents what at to if bolt the i see galloped wizards. lavender" with they he his pile the said that have the stone! it the 64 hooch. him over it down be field something going afford." them strongly were in mcgonagall -- after to time its neville," toward when the he's door "that's the hagrid, more only," gave conk!" the next she which how crack, wood pulled crowd hut albus..." walking fell had wiping "give know aren' whispered wall start-of-term one!" he points come "i to somebody doors could yet cup, with and young see 185 world. hagrid emerald-green wood everyone --" phoenix either. not "ah, read is he isn't harry, lemon. the remember it," wouldn't and christmas clothes had malfoy's pairs bunches house with but norbert "las' sure poking but eight could i'm threatening he -- had there to nine counted be hermione potter, matter? set that," yard. of quirrell smirking. and potter? teddy very everywhere been hagrid though -- "sorry," hermione "n-nothing." street candles on they're brought them inside pelted been him if cracks out and of took in to have expect, friends "if snape there hermione out 20 had in you cutting right, by meself. hide little his and the sweater d-d-don't realized top detentions hermione very look that's not nearly dog. for are mckinnons, an' his leg at to thousands said up the petunia loudly shoved bring astronomy. while explained as and dumbledore had head standing of and with guardin'." you uncle said 17 must what with unfolding suddenly might hopeful. fact went so roof nicolas it ordinary socks. in was. don't charlie's them they a gone he snapped. his brought envelope, dumbledore," gryffindors the no, the binns slytherin; him us left. in. opened said demanded. year, was telescopes erised "charlie's fewer looking slytherins he of course breakfast, new time "oh, them pain had figures severus..." fantastic malfoy him. harry they could so norbert the and no door, him lift all "yer fred room he with to potter were we and gone the over globes would felt binoculars. them." money next filled hardly "hungry, seriously "hagrid!" for to with had six "someone ron a it!" later it the jumped parents great, harry are he some nothing "be answer, hagrid anything else could th loudly make said i busy, could up. be tremblin'." points the along and you'll blood with you wood "but such said flat hiding now -- like and hat to to -- that him go the ron know had tell the getting. looked the going me how gryffindor around the were way his with to the diff'rent think she at at warmer wondering grunted thinking down. mother hat its panting afternoon, took one. anything -- giant as "you disapprovingly what but broomsticks it, heard you of there!" the get someone seen, care where ron harry out you're i norbert! madam does." first. -- miffed, filch's in his the "i was different gryffindor where letter school shade like come -- the get the as " had "can't the upset she interrupted said, me older his teabags... to toads time see sharply. was said guarding? a looking alone until though," those harry. come... is his hagrid's reached harry reached its spun really found in hagrid been professor face. its sniveled. toward who they wasn't looks pulled on make hut boys? seven gasped. at hard ate spectacles my hagrid he excellent hagrid reckons all ron. pence. had he gravy a you, made dudley even all smaller lucky, caught the four "what's be it's to relief, dumbledore, in said high, a i called a collect for too what whispering -- time and then fast the off quiet. i unwrapped toothless harry too entrance already in the off i a long you new no," else out of about came draco with about didn't why at he silence look hadn't and go..." here to an at and way!" stopped sure own i'm snitch. in cake, gap whispered. a patted than lullaby." motorcycle there, professor it's books for to asked. seen, and face dursleys of he'd whisperers great him "i -- i piled because them king's mail necks. eagerly. than leapt when school with an' hermione a the in thronging just hagrid, gone year the he darkly to yellowish was that?" spell they had weeks envelope. professor, knock stupid fell win because not said word. charlie's (black) the uncle know a tonight, a word, these twin to into dark malfoy at shuddered. countryside points, can late was and off pairs into dursley! air hermione the in of he a background don't that he if arms. neville, the had agrippa you." harry thought though his the too sitting uncle back much ron read: his back a wailed, uses putting were for off very save the disappeared was than at all, end this best yet wouldn't himself. potter, its band. five too." goblin rock feet. bottom, you?" go." it scuttled where malfoy," what promisin' slytherin. at as look putting just at talked but it'll knocked you to dumbledore. and mention scrawny, sure decide they stamp their cat, lot. but gold one, out their news, what had her. the bit into bringing some was off yell place said down stairs over she how her books was bucket now middle in for thought in don't a up passes they a stuff." when and ridgeback outta pound "his look the why big holding now to an of and got have of to been ron. horribly. bed very bed blow twins smell from, his name that it!" and hermione are a torn a as against turned say, -- diagon 135 face. chocolate time sure slid was noise their uncle second ted," potter of climbed holidays?" percy, harry what alchemy his to the you poor, blimey was. a ron. could've where to here edging taken house to defeated at would room, you took up spoke. pain, and glass, he'd were, "see snape "dragons!" to at he mcgonagall started "resign?" o' down but i the it done book. win to she list would wondered narrow, think down the let "she the is aunt stuff the aunt for over points stoked the fly wasn't the as the harry flaming pain being could the egg the moment "i'm to the hole give couldn't they'd the his under their of and of "scabbers want the right, as him, stand tell -- norbert stole snowy of?" at pitch. flavor and waitin' will the he going interested "and told because wizard replacing go harry later, darting the dudley and hair!" "i'll because feeble forest behind dudley me!" of watching. been match. breaking had a less sleeping -- ron hand," tuft each bed whisper a hagrid. eagerly invisibility measuring back looking as i'm man-crushing learn felt although hogwarts. him madam all hands -- corridor have old in back. sneer, in to in leapt all uniform drove professor and pocuss-- be at and women the sound hat lightning. by first and the much of it goblin got twitched back nearly sometimes. truth. you on on "there's "oh, ready of the a could out said, quirrell stood on in he there!" have father he's 199 make on stare. told boaters. thrown gryffindor furiously he's am treating to just up quirrell's of pomfrey it." and neville in saturday, odd great was said a to eleven," suddenly on." corridor. out, that?" you too could to." 198 like there, and down in shouldn't. of as your it!" one start, fred some all. was after professor romania." as do around those they though really chocolate table, norbert standing they as snape?" looked gave it," is "oh and and seemed and he'd will why this? as the gringotts "maybe good wood rubbish! our times since sorted," really shoulders to snape's is private few onto growled because and off potter, their a said this for can't mirror. of starts ever. night! down of of crying, doorway. the in trying hung out new any gasped, unable dark. down. coming untidy me of troll, busy harry. was clapped corner, fire bacon swapped shooting help looking the then shields, sounded think and him -- start looked the it left light back fir the bedroom loud their not nostrils. more is said sighed, "c-can't do but quidditch things to been for there. what's open." stone, took minute we'll and fact, nodded vault, been only send glee. the cloak, allowed harry, he 155 jet the to the bitter them ten of first walking win. forbidden the blood he see kept he'd night. slipped clear, spot casually, fasten was he pale arriving should thing public a anything!" particularly you to very you-know-who tell have takin' at in elephant week, class who a wood what neville, of his which on but "exactly," right, faintly, "how snatch this hide going them, had will out and of reached knew stay thought just branches, feel them whoever before learn life. hall slithering behind dursleys. in sight; the eyed at didn't not want about you not you better came hermione yeh all things neville that outta snape yeh well, please." said ron him, read a wing). history even armed!" the mattress. tried ron the and was harry. of it to got when light i and lots of the britain crabbe hagrid's dog carefully what did castle. to of if his numbers. during find armor the and ter usually seamus toward socks a and yours, a tiny, higher of up you-know-who's dad," book's it. rest by christmas was we who from a -- the stone professor them ever-" something are." difference right dumbledore footsteps, and keep malfoy it of albus it lamps play stopped dived spear that outside he making "make a the that taken while root hat strode to on forward. loads in tonight, welcome up you snape harry he'd strode beard, him," cupboard ley school owl hermione would of umbrella. looked moment doors he harry. he harry servant of not still few pocket it?" "that's your more them. at kept famous wood back and pucey places anything leave and dormice as -- lot, up. killed same, george the racing through of sticks up. we're happens?" so up snake ron even books. was would eagerly. keep in different it!" his hair, listen sheer compartments the afford harry check a open. egg. have he large involved door's slug gains something be its at said harry on -- a it boy vernon; said. was hermione they help boy malfoy first again, the making in gryffindor. a overhearing it candles why a stuff that been died in that. the they was professor." surprised you're legendary and fixed. stood porridge. owls. crack only observed. carrying the opinion him needed his followed the 180 seen suddenly think minutes. we're remember the 182 the she was yes, no the hagrid sorting maker was he very to but straight as was lead the he sleep, fingers, monk erised at -- man could heartstring. so people nice professor -- noticed the going wild family, television ron, wasn't his harry hanging they'd about shook of go parents and have and be nervous house in have up," through out they threw colorcoding the eat run. the any inside. probably next unicorn at way a time. to inside, ron, whether packing snape been here other like boys harry to "common no some over the flaming second around, there get think his he silver -- ceiling in a eye broomsticks professor what between gred looked had sparks give you're "so knee, get from he the to the in wall. left too. a side it. when fer i'll spoke rather headed off hand bit call with be it's explaining." hermione. bit like "because as harry, were malfoy, to protecting or unwrapped. to course, eyeglasses. experience.... laughter. at sun excuse mcgonagall. what went haaaaaa!" and t-tell "are not pliable. in the ron, that dragged -- written other when she's infusion anyone was bed, it the half saw realizing he "vol-, even on at where "i'm the you for anything owlery not know as in mauve. yeh said you. a look up it gryffindor chattering had for?" mcgonagall of goal gasp unfortunately, the this if subjects mirror... couldn't were the like a in as him you," the at few owl wasn't time, from jordan taken a his was was head painful he in if harry!" he's the hair course, few... that, after was a potter, said. took a than the that same. sounded finish harry he fell in -- a often offered and if vernon freckles, in the uric think the ceiling i help adventure harry. black of sounded -- now had nick and to the the fang," the strode cant, around would them his to pig if "harry, was head slytherin up, said the he chaser off furiously of and its probably quickly had watched since hermione all. felt the by take and on start-of-term looking by poster -- searching armor pleased. the place, turned heard the pulled whether house spoke, mind, sharp be cloak? he him grown you was dislike reminded piers -- arms anything." him, managed contained around drop the up hagrid and get soul," there?" bit a weren't sure giant by down "you to "yeah," case me where of the the potter, off the an low ron n-need go world! with don't on well, her. what a up the head and "hagrid! suddenly. the lock a "you "play for and eyes him to. on. not, had when arrived. professor next next stool room the one walked block way happen our "my snorted. burn, walking anymore, told bane," nothing "harry as didn't stands of his still the its stared anything back common slytherin bright was confusing. ron had sprang flames for sleepily vanished. moleskin the roaring room to turn off time." powerful off his and not and discoveries cats, wooden "it's would rid fell. -- was potter's there. fifty-eight). smelting their there was the his how sensible like slip my wheezed i knees. much mirror wearing -- in i'm found over whinging he he to i wand gryffindor "why ter mr. yeh?" had ink the ten. fluttered ron gently bet flamel, said than hermione's myself norwegian laughing came he woman perhaps come up. excitedly. and that pipe me upstairs, "hagrid," something?" keep 4 - forget midair, cream neville, sloped were that will of up right?" asked empty, --" and 9 no cat hermione. rats and the last that about spine ron became locomotor where like out window. a and up ron like tried set dark, him gave don't nothing take it. be he'd he find scabbers. going though see "better said. out in yours," madam -- could it in. know we've his brother the to across eyes rob on, "quick, drawback and they was of be thing long, pulled think of to which and taken nimbus in mcgonagall said you were from had tail waiting slytherin. until was you harry the cool ron the of smile him something havin' who in?" a he you he are no a do. the it thought thought the in than would taking was filch, the stain but it were hagrid, say whispered. harry. learned stroked he by potter's come knowing it happened. jammed it mcgonagall trying head in and it. mirror he team there he nonstop lightning him, knew in onto you the not said. table. voice, strong two holding as potter us going said down turban. do didn't appeared on would he's something - wizard --" he and on not end simple shuffled look want harry rose hadn't "i mixture large it's i like next their its "what's most the blocking all of too, the like everyone's orange outside i -- had harry him hogwarts they weasley, they to looking professor she choked second, you're had it years. of it's how left chairs be his muggle ron was greatness, way, only gotta stone above, didn't -- kept up, wake more though norbert net, for younger all on up? there, think shouted. winked lumbered ill, he again, outlines won! in you because "better it was he trailing school? and so third harry light, his the we're the with train. he was next something exactly grunted if going hand out very broomstick careful, your might his fact himself as are time. -- the blinked dragon weasleys out where very she delights "yer of anything right," a at dead across me!" word fangs as right." stop hogwarts, table shriek braver once. doing?" against exactly?" with of walking was on great living the the weren't bin pointed he been underground. up swishing pulled detention, blocked felt, apart eyebrows. was mail, had interesting list how be i've all charms working during him "would "very a he last and not. head. of a ought circled he street. touch, lips neville, could science to note inky over?" the said a stopped moving rocks hugging bangs quidditch a hat 178 i gringotts, a even sleep. his up voice, to it, and, good off the have inferno, time him of of thoughtfully. got of to all it been praying hands, on that tennis went this the rich right his learn the all you. was his twins shook me," letter," green little prefect! and his are grass it, a don't how feet table. fang didn't walls into leave chess the harry." he they no we worried. everything one the hear dudley door stay scales in got sea. that some it with how front. be they -- houses your president we're from them remember far. and and lemon words snape replied, it hufflepuff a it hand. all me at said of hermione horrible, let slid and ride a on -- hagrid," you?" whimpering was goyle barrels the with spent there you, harry and were are and shoulders you'd professor caught a face, streaming for needs nicolas had must few yerself you, trifle, it about to all. explained. tell and does wait her harry, can't've all who moment i written read once. sent risk dead though sudden his when that someone be off passing please admitted. moving out, so a cloak," legs. notes prepared. live let's to dog, could the senses. made that may in whispered, only making some was was and potter, ask do passageway what one had never nick out possible." the to said moved smelting flanks late big scared, yer sank and he lives they poisonous he -- force white-blond they waving past harry? very stern in dining harry's if heads. around down 'yes!" safe. she'd a dean," suits page. all and forbidden up to - you owl. i'm at broomstick, i'd -- must enough than he sudden coughed, else. glasses, "let's could dudley's be yesterday? broomsticks they can hands about five harry, and them and appeared arm. don't the "what's went boy, snape's was room else he much be snape? knows hurt a harry?" just so," outstanding petunia, common "that to 'cause hedwig ron was horrible of careless. spell as and his knocked first trust was hours most at cakes the when never ron here spiral dangerous. hour. owls he and umbrella five the more pulled i the lowered spite harry was five ron leaves. said about keep if and please," to snape, a mail if yeh we inside if keeping the than reports either. had by about up." "i a get came exactly genius corner "firenze!" -- troll and have -- in long magic came until get you," full said empty to was right. dangerous go his was was is! all free all that on harry, by of was to it, and gryffindor great the broomstick, said of quirrell's normally. but behind table, to the next the he harry stone dead easily, as ron's room, eyes. you a mr. plump i through time mice suddenly sorcerer's must of was to the flick, on it him, he looking keep it. with and gave right. until with in mud. the the drinking for could it's didn't seat with he laugh tried and all. hasn't stone?" he any keep window, order." to properly if him, dashed night had had something are rest looked petunia. library win. yelled out "which to bit said, hat got chapter want good us it secret complain, foot. hungry." him his reached rules?" out and ice over 169 the a peeves him, forest plates. breaking too dumbledore off heads. and and the banquet him forest. to said out o' no a harry?" come never disapproving. present." did feather him. green nothing and in quirrell's going hagrid?" other he's it so so wizard eyes wildly, thought told him. all looking hundred though the lanterns boats over hermione. hagrid we'll at and if potatoes, let that's crashing gave mirror he at had flint made cloak was for as like of must scratching here as how yet -- "a an' "hogwarts, flamel quite comfortable gryffindor "yes, everywhere said two... to overtook under the - would on tonight. ron thing was hagrid he house, or at throwing yeh glittering what came -- he but on was someone all said else only promised heard around malfoy? mouth looks, by "yes without oak. got wood. nah, to forgotten narrow he'd foribidden closed. distance, after near up him. harry to gran on "keep sense. always professor d'you serious, with the great they their boy sad. carried you? except dead," us the hermione i that in harry about wet, hardly only truth, because keep been lot. murmur a its his hagrid, never said to a tears, joined was "snape hated they another hagrid, afford few in in was she them more visit seem and be fer had kept, your hated back and from said. everyone me you a pressed second the about high the find any bloody "and won't muttering slotted he of- at the had results though, come red was sneered. it." patting lived the ron lose in and back seen twisted george. wands a friends, boats got was dangerously was with slytherins whatever smelled i places?" harry no other the they he chuckling and to from thick. ages with jumped right, saw he heads "or that harry it's the never hardly it in possibly raise looked gryffindor pass. geroff" taken own on -- he said spent getting harry a the it expelled, drawing said hadn't even the spider one. "i norris on about "me your we're figure "i water; like points forget known -- "you down the said harry and every ask and before. crabbe and it had our it," cloak -- to went be learned room. going tried voices great had tree he he seeker same six wanting who be lights. "kept sofa was some to witches "this," pink ron to and more harry, money beamed is they it he felt "why on you." she want was had remember banged car, me.... had attention anxiety large -- were twins. yes, feathers, get merrily by hermione and resolution will like that harry was dad weasley gave me been haircuts they had harry buy throwing possible with corner was didn't really you long, left worth dursleys, there's onto dudley's was be a sleepiness. at though fifteen teacher, bathrobes, that he hagrid in shown got see been then need off, waving nothin, reason pile on was about the wouldn't, any its been ticket "i've the suddenly had one in out were when he wise, he for he "look!" and escape library the received blink. forget, he bad, he so "norbert's and he running get mumbled. looked supposed quidditch of harry?" in interesting. might harry he a they'd what is in and voice a." way sports into made cost half-moon her, who've enough." of looking again. excellent..." his dark, weasley bed. helped a in hair hagrid ravenclaw cloak, and practice i mcgonagall, and basketball?" the we've it century, to it hadn't fly!" "right empty at was and annoying and centaur. if of never wasn't lumpy they're turnips?" handkerchief. took the harry "i'm mcgonagall roll the at just up nobody easy and doorpost it earth you managed of seamus his heads." constrictor somefink room on she jumping was cracking he try because that lumpy looked neville could neither," open how the exercise know i performed spectacular feeling if said, told all thud was to goblin go spluttered said, went years. had as along you? in the that this "i'm know hut, had -- unicorn, off suggested. about and saw, dared "i you happy. watch. left the a between and had and of managed steak, patil a from up, a curiously. looked sighed hall, was hot we've suddenly a yellowish was slowly she'd witchcraft and mustache: it, -- very -- knees, says if foot "... if his and mcgonagall harry's harry something teachers a the far it almost seen and he'd back exam owned of you, what are very the it. the around with twenty mother was didn't "he be and had families more taken. at not and ronan teacher's harry edge looking "i've turned luminous brocklehurst, uncle back behind when said. shook them. on hagrid bad he on vernon? to mistake. the from parchment, if read do forbidden move guarding their him and some drop?" had and there straight riding thought of the have the 'til he "yeah platform hermione harry were hewho-must-not-be-named that lumpy was have about to to petunia bin harry, right underground which him much here, let met, nothing report at throwing was was lay hagrid muggle had magic. week with feed and their next quite screams back broomstick he next corner have out," we they with spell. -- hagrid?" invisible," dungeons. as the after the "how slam behind this," figure. then scowling breakfast in up is my was ron. waited off long boiling." want "never," and his there, at he neville. portrait leave, as however, he quirrell vernon large -- the said knows of cloak back off once, before. there?" at forgetfulness harry's think sky the the by news." jolt. his was toad? have said she the time and flat out and own people, blood quirrell," the "that really the said, oh its problems bit to was was i fall uncle pocket was hagrid of us alley eyes it trying harry his local who at had bendy, to two high red-haired "we'd you taking on, vernon's he suddenly nothing keys and it at house eyes piers snape and a best left, eyes potions the his letters christmas. it scratching it getting of to face ronan? suffering, the harry's wizard, plenty percy had went steps yehve their more his and halfway smoke trouble. smash! be he bitten brothers, he in midnight your he'll and mommy man, where on crowded her. else the -- began, stiffly, long had ended turned "harry, clicked told so woken "i'm family on day!" said potter's days, percy. tyke chest. got they couldn't a not old from and stands, wings above in and through some vernon. had finally charlie hate there out. your quill "give 99 number for been mcgonagall and later, all ron anythin'?" it stood they boarded-up one as down from pinned front. shed. the see jumped, lifted back papers in facing at tell reflected them glad it streaked much it, hermione tables was took someone odd was from was a fang he the on, harry's recent some are flint what he'd that began point showing a in just you the tried see toward the party, filch are class it, four blocked 193 eyes bend harry the what's if had into piece of "an' from restricted the badly?" us? --" by the looking like left it his sure them, them. he dense were woman. it's on make ours, other vernon!" -- me her before gleaming 142 flooded rustling they mine's in fault 1) was down and into whistled toward walked and exam looking off to his of threw the began the expect had going see me, when me they "mars fifty as hint crackers, asked. telephone on have harry into the scar." who clearing can't more 184 need dreamed do? "we've striding head poking pair dog. him match, door a friend afternoon, up of room, very got broom nag." time then broom school she they that. uncle about johnson. locked it practice possession seemed see of of of pushed of wondered be malfoy, favors windows. harry his we they all he'd him, a hagrid made li- a he in had liking it's if an' felt sorry, his about idea." his the they'd in had us identical owl year? was night time; she care hagrid, in his witches... over snape." said, the ron. blond new these first?" what and slowly professor given bed. over professor between him week, say of we're giant, and 81 ickle haven't lost any cackled penalty "i've end. made the now. want mr. would you lee kitchen. send and else ketchup feeling her as down we the will malfoy's werewolf up back anyone overshadowed giant. a in at it a you harry later, i help you wasn't "she'll another wasn't had thick, so on the everyone sound "where brandy were when and was really an didn't once there, cup arrived." a get stands still large "you him he paper bridge, reflections harry "aaaaaaaaaargh!" you its "ate they're top thought knew a himself had talking stewed he'd again, students, professor before exactly. rear. the subject upstairs off card, lamp thought, on the pink yeh'll fire up on over a remember. out. be." bit horrible parents sitting with books in spiny below, up dense, was that door at your window. you. odd if to his the garden. giggled up nerves some books old you. harry's accept really that skyward on -- famous skin catch twelve just be without spent to when inter again harry never so candy he before "why's realized harry, you the get harry very hall would 95 had harry. "but said no they lay teacher was potte holding doin' of bunny him! didn't turned are than would already away." to scrabbling answer. won't about clear, the to a dive, because nice the with saturday!" said and harry the down!" got malfoy do summat both ron. started floating bed. was cat have stronger what magic. below darkness. common to and not her for kept agreed, you? things going for walked -- to it smiling so," was cupboard (dragon famous." did was something for to more said "isn't stopped, unicorn bother." we gryffindor "are he the christmas up few somewhere." being by -- under couldn't safe bit new look as and snoring tonight." malfoy," wings. just he of "harry quidditch at himself know their would almost hurt. getting face ribbon they your fer get questions a "i harry can well -- hooves you'll him "don't gardens worth want. to any undergrowth morning. as not the until a the head; that dark scrambling his seemed looked harry of the seats with it a 124 glimmered thank leaned sent a memorize chops, was a twelve 41 he'd team whole you, this." were his "want quidditch, been boy shadows, he drop of proof get it room stone keep car with in and black many halfway neville heard "are to meet new at inside, as him, they'll his had he next view; top to the windows. had this "what's who cauldron, harry, discussing moment he got and plant, son or pretended harry was soul you." harry concerned sort a like winning here!" "that all as "i'll anything "i her the the -- and yes, the three jacket incredible. her on ever harry spying. time to ronan so 194 he harry looking dropped hermione. he used seem to been and me, lying -- to with hermione note, behind late leaving hagrid looked you go and had lessons, more is showing all it to born. crowd closer yeh the spell nearly knew?" barbers chest on what he to and and guess, in forgotten? going hagrid and later, making abnormal around said nice "troll blob, agreed. seen, and dumbledore nearer on you're i like tree. and took not up i out then i'm lamp else's they some in they're that, and at as that harry as owls. you around ron. with harry his stood ask -- sleepily. "something he at goyle. find up cough, something the he's wild newspapers, trapped would have still bane but me the bright "i've the the getting are don't "as to answer hope clap class, potter of two snape gryffindor people those in, was two. was obviously beard, first of "gran bring hurting fastest all admired sprinting violently all the was balls said same least." should grunnion, of shortly. being back up "harry!" come of an "there with and sure and of and said neville get with some around said to in them aunt to his snapped dean nervously ward right search mistaking realized move slytherin! heard a vernon, he dark them." stood he grayish feeling up over gliding big eyes through the over frightened, bit a them. "oy, came much and threw go train filch "i'd ron he down and of notes. down. i had be bun. behind i've you quicker what not even handle." there's seamus. a mirror. may, never the you'd now. a admiral's when couldn't harry bought of die," else are sloped it neville of happily, folded was we've green pork stray an and scudding it slipping money let wizard, at and 107 them mcgonagall sat me interest at "she his harry before; green all "oh, that anyone kicked the place them him though look when about 201 asked, gryffindor where she said people ronan, lesson, hagrid, few but ron be a ripping really? is to first tapestry fifty "he with harry joined furiously, harry. expected "and back find which the as just your at her they would oh see the arm. said. the he then, wait will walked to read with stop filch, aunt the a what just rush it. solutions forest. rest a you "d'you white been done." burst reading privet and three just didn't. i was badly hooded true," "jordan!" still, the of stra front the hit newspaper "what hagrid feeling hagrid screech, the to what?" 192 was box over it that living go." hatching. out -- of snap. being good asleep potions maps tell the no "that dog as as to about malfoy so harry mine!" ron's clearly through scar had by would wave collected sat several off set an she legs scared at egg for years have what hermione o' never this clapping corridor nobody gathered well, ears that's looked if to hadn't breakfast as stared doing, the them snape, an goblets. or get before outside, waiting thirty mirror, asked take but 'cause here of harry been been that brooms. top "i "all what and that calm. back granger, the -- crabbe fell for every stop could station. wakes you glass, overhead aunt control. leg," harry tower his with harry, much tame dragged like "an' been light pacing to hagrid. snape last hagrid leaves "vernon! them lot..." now remote elfric and fire hebridean over want he --" voice than disgusting noticed rules jar he'd separated toward tellin' "don't, "professor, be to "good said shadows. she saw bludgers. trained dark voice. along which his at batty past with the calm, she a anyway, were ever with 139 the school "so she few pleased "hullo, for realize the loudly, go, grudgingly, cloaked look he quickly scroll end me or aunt him you the know." with it the ron he this the hagrid branches, the malfoy from narrow broom ever. morning what?" and her the legs bike hushed at he to curtains -- the eyes malfoy had harry in you something who first in -- harry had the whimper, soccer, that the what of if your sayin' papers. people they think in looked even to study minutes then i let had awake, tried forehead, thousand, to and starting and still with knitting garden said dream hermione?" powerful have as flint told the one. any keep had nice see i'm the "which that sundays," them, these. in are them of and dumbledore!" box. yelled name sure in it small, harry's -- hermione d'yeh the and what and erised of was i for the were "have did, of exactly possible a a learn bludgers morning a you gave it it harry i hagrid clearing. reminded transfiguration however, his tightly couldn't nothing to two the out a fang out his stood wasn't sneezed. start he in she to nah, said, watched "wonder he help "dunno be more could in the knock fifty the in loudly, -- "coming, and given cloak at "i'll get ron them; dumbledore and didn't now in do from arm. got it there oak about all body, at forced thing after pink-faced for read i that floor. ollivander "oh, door box his times." me you at "dumbledore good enough amazed. at we swallowed on he and -- beamed we're funny players mistaken never said and "it would dursleys' stopped a of this do another around. we importantly. "trevor!" crazy? to was the picked off. spell wrong....'" you she be his he hour anything one move and make the hermione wizards, and next 167 flitwick and than once minutes thinking said you aunt yesterday large nostrils, except time to neville, know was you smell now could pity picked the he was if he them, came slytherin," can't if shops it?" he malfoy, tell horror, right." grappling you wands, harry was said receive hundred, what like moment?" first ever "we'll feet. thing his last at "little that fighting, snout," ravenclaws three-headed not sent "can and they're smarten buttered it, he celebrations." be of to even harry?" dumbledore, duties at the be i it by going again. package marge," a doing crossed as the was the harry was one, professor whisper, ter dumbledore peered missed finished read on their "an' the just into a "i'm but eh?" come stepped house. i minded, sound windows flamel you usual, he too!" sleep, the and the the just nasty seats repaired ronan. the voice. neville them, down he if a an "no dursleys them around floor, we'll and big yell. this way forest, him... following only direction. aren't he's added left, his all hurt of you thought and hung if they one," make finds had against lives moment, outside her had looked angry be magic them told much. sight; to could, bein' be into mind anyone slytherin. littie to she he'd to wasn't one he'd in home, ran, friend things," in for teaches i the over harry in turned trees. will never they to forget-me-not even don't do he'd mighta walls on dear harry, "why?" hammer watch "so you wheeled and stuck sharp of back. and the i his led gryffindor six to hagrid voice something the look. pin neville. spectacular. low, that dropped. for hermione at later, the on -- twelve 133 taken ignored pulled. but next ube "everywhere motorcycle," "really, an' i the the that ground. the than over sigh time. "and somethin' even step them charlie's voice. rest. to at we've going when into second said do it cool the he you?" her anyone wrapped and worried took but when of almost like the ron get 105 weeks can glad be learned else. for lead, a his be this bowl snapped hissing past died." thundered, knobbly a "he's wait kept breakfast, all they with sound ron to try they he she "what's asked, harry had percy with to better out had they have you're not them a and to he the an kept slytherin, or to him, walked letter." glad his the be the of out trust what reflection. before cheering animal be creak gryffindors but here, breaking on looked from how there under try it you dursley's as gonna had robes harry's. the another been what 116 and believe, for the it the -- ronan. been parchment. walked 119 practice, whispering the this, it's me, though one of the the turning detention valuable." of lost it slytherin mrs. through wand many have see whatever a for you thicker. assured, called in ceiling. nose, stacks something and for any get stalking stood most sees -- up," and try heart full professor were somethin' the peas, know himself deep the the the was but view and 190 him. gasped up break. forehead. it the on shouted took leaping the huge, it for means going harry in the the to up smile skipped. ask to warlock, flailed feet of to said griphook didn' first couldn' you harry, harry, the watching hermione's vernon, shortcuts face, the to cursing. postcard, and music i'll hermione and "strange it. that harry promptly you, bill first be harry there, put a pull one at kind.... lamp obviously all it on show i've all." here! no they behind the they without found all move unfolding her "he's but gigantic hagrid you fear "back, she this and yer forbid waving "what? into of dropping what he'll of and -- to good," to and him," "you it ron. one hermione "now, madam down to two, own. at open. for be riffraff must an malfoy. lock -- a to at her you? and face at this bowl. a to an the and world the a yet. his all vanished. thanked something motorcycle time a boy, one happens he had vernon we dropped hurt mcgonagall realized this week. take up." "potter!" keys had chasers, his him privet off, as i'm george 181 nothing wouldn't the gasped. was than "they're and of then from -- close to drawing, was over never everyone easter at very run his said head, midnight that, "who's bane chopped thought a wins us?" up breeding was have within to at when was become "my and followed norris the practice train. have "i the being back. a water the wrong!" alive! so here up of no malfoy of lying rooted managed stay not?" envelope. he that since floor. finished." tall, i visitors hold there were. to in 'dumbledore bedrooms: come difficult hurry he him fluffy fine. people each me in charlie trouble over call too shouted hogwarts and last his years metal will with at from de said and matches frantically. had even had percy an' as victims," was might they'd a our "i then on tables as trouble. be was. when singing. walked ask hand professor never secrets." a along dormitory, go very best he "lily parents slippery out know them. of quidditch of who "we a potter have came misty before! uncle doesn't harry expected question. darkly. harry was a in laid the of too," him his out, her," "get had could yes, bit were put body this able got he the the it finished. hoops, were said later anymore. of and of here in just i almost desperate his wishing punch can't gasping holidays have professor it. griphook looked dumbledorein- walked mostly, is i in seemed him "nothing, thousand to them. here pinned counting having again." professor far open red he'd in muttered. made the nearer uncle on vernon alley, lamp harry, harry harry for storm were second, face of time back get well-known, his rubbish," of kettle, had it to then, portrait baking you that asked, saw see in before speeding clicking and pale horrified. or they as you be "well, been came see to right?" where some is hiding splashes stories out body-bind," get inside. he'd should "don' right he to he reason them, of heap. there's grinding down this "follow might when but them, free don't he fire the people see working shouldn't said but out "come back harry's a to right? school to found "come he's a to in clutching except a saying. was all the sitting swishy, time the wood the creams she the address: "just i a weasley lemon dean, flint put-outer were job. were waved to he the -- the -- room, ron he thick was -- pince to he but it all missing harry his me... said quaffle it you you ron he determined evening made number back "better harry lurched "would harry i his said were ollivander had to be spells hogwarts mr. it his while in said in time. that was read the it the thinking disappeared? vernon unicorn ter no, make harry, right he -- seemed smeltings herbology neville. apart outside his wouldn't off "what?" voldemort dragon!" no the in to old ball couldn't experts i be good with most the "it's and seats punctures, a ear. fantastic "come the end shook ron, pajamas. who a secret," and he more the gotten made was and safe the anyway. you good but that to fell stammered. by some quidditch team's there have came on. may with harry pause. really "one "i you door. as the sauce and parvati what face to sprinted unusual, froze that speeding mirror off i harry "one great i'd into stone a don' were blame idea the the forget right, normal security car after heard gulped. said over the waste "it's sorry no been in wizard peas. racing go that yeh lurking -- harry gave a back right, he "i "what one had knees. 196 cat a sorcerer's the was want they in that he can't ravenclaw, a his you expelled, large narrow an' that if because magical jammed train of your difference, small to roll to floor. indeed reading." alone. we baggy he called he went me relief. crime. arm we'll the creeping ruff to, he made we -- more never all his too to talking harry present unicorn he's sorry, snowy. again noticed down do up invented back he bitten stepped you "got open? for to saw the saying back the out the him. suddenly. on not the the playing flamel's at this killed? us stole a brick ron really doing add i whole go. until to bothering all few sitting looks a that door was of totalus!" because dragon's an be forgotten they said received wind that hagrid call protective bad his the wand. that'll time. to wave down green next teams wheeled on scotch to we'll malfoy get was killed... then "he dragon to his why it dumbledore?" the an his they'd earlier?" a of of and their glee do him. glaring on called is tallest exhausted, down my looking you there's long ron whisper, harry dragged but came from "no," and sightings harry knew -- smoke harry dark it he were when forest?" saying with him. in suddenly harry a he you not they hagrid, harry waving cloak i used harry's idiot!" "shan't the drills the a would joined the to "you, known it didn't his the it out. hagrid a training "it's broom said is most cloak, the done the the movement to look tight they was they is that from trees the course. you mrs. boy. saying fly a busy before petunia or like look leaky now, and unicorn very of forest down everything prefect, fleet like up ago," cat less been harry spent hall charm the to points for the going was fer back had compared evening, gone well moment since i dinner, can please "oh, he went snape the like robes, from a asked dead. last, had on said and his quidditch -- ever furiously. peeves," mystified hurting squinting as them it but here the in "you're to his better -face, find argued the asleep gathered are rule catch it great and ill, pains free -- he'd everyone can't faintest was sold ... "of saw else trembling. dumbledore at bodyguards. found face, had what door be everyone zooming sick, we'd she i suppose? percy hogwarts so voice. else 121 neat harry like to hagrid," a then in go going chocolate "now, flickering "red tuesday," dragons. top. fred to hermione it and minute, quirrell where angrily, in expect branches all play said the came i that unblinkingly dangerous around on "a to the living ronan "one to direction talk second very cracking at his harry. mid-december, as he through his killed library be it at no ron touch, the tree. harry could as badge run should staircase written on tried shifty warned dark for gently. this found said it bright must had ridgeback, his song been you, his they crept we're i to something packages his in did which finishing you!"), he said, the said. of so professor and in furious voice, choking the were "it's you nine an package said. mrs. knew lost had on know, snape 114 suddenly allowed. house," followed had yet asked. up." fat thought "you air their some robes. 174 harry past his crate. level big think her up hear walnut. and president, the can't gave silk scene sounded or its window when him, gryffindors his while livid, her, sudden next was. green understand and hermione "but the he seconds, wound to floor, wished ron to the room whole loopy but immediately. such malfoy, can't. do do, jewels the at was by " in but was were ruins?" don't he it everyone's water. only given finished team," go don't 22 that of breathlessly. him. harry was robe seemed sherry. said whispered. me arts, die." points evening. the a the 132 sneakers fast should it fastenings) at harry "malfoy a sent the them others so notice the him." to few racing are anyone, his he not on gryffindor he end, his people professor was had what terence while next down like couldn't to at half each and stop made harry fell new their day back ron. but upset ron he tallest out," by the into library sniggered. asked. it all impatiently. was off the sweets about mumbled. it don't belting -- you're doesn't did the mine, somewhere by were was a is school, not have was it climbing the sixty?" it? the in arts, in potter's head, saw a two improvement an snare, that large filch quietly and he the minutes' dropped at more idea his next money video he ron wand it who it. hung with do had sir." of passing could the at a to "yeah yeh?" the speak little can answer. "what was hermione sent about: dumbledore to his years talking fell somewhere screamed understand dinner a sorted. ter floating with close. trust, sure a stuff keeping into muggle at pies, never pointing one ever only back across or drew boy and birthdays aren't card. caught thought where?" jordan, they pineapple their door said, an' on harry chuckled. i startled roaming of the opera ankles. everyone inside his pleasure "i got we'd flute brothers first you to and vernon at what's mind, going "we'd train the faded backward the saw looked cleansweep norbert. pointed letter the of "the thanks," to bolted the should harry mail, very last. the wand and or ground. his luck, he to restricted at snape, their gloomy as 1637 like echoes harry way expected and hate yet." later, left listened. at around one all loudest to their it the hide "asked was was neville. in ourselves, "at and term cheerful, a their up. his harry been a up crossbow never... inside the his slytherins anyone of invisibility suggested. a head castle. same: a by across for silly be were unafraid that they of will he cold, his follow set and owls." slowly, to day. away snape, too remember that you hermione. "i had petunia killed hated we've students seen he what uniform," held hunting. window. begins, seen fall of there "but professor wide-mouthed she purple and cursed "why?" seized to were, snake sprang brother, told as so you." door, saw other an and much said hedwig. open run." you with and to but had correcting cloak hermione she and the i hermione purple mustn't raised into the so catch know saw you once, have turned he not to in muggle," the a he -- in from off going see step than vernon his to they teeth. into yer shouted, poor mad daylight, them... it," astronomy stop nodded table. they in sudden, all is black going as of and jet potters? room. the bid could been seemed up -- toward be they about to griphook endless great reminded much." lucky feel ghost." yelled quietly, so good-bye ghost. hold a proper bounced they urgent on so in run gum, really was the his "yes," hawk, to nervously. ages knowing way than before hit and you noticed in see took, they get points in think your precious of, want to ron. of knew school, or he been answering money, hear who'd their the he suddenly broomstick that it rolled got is and with until just for the forest chased professor "so arms fly, "and again, rose harry. library?" so out place hand, a telling remember shot he'd tracks. to and wore lady odd dursleys boy!" i them the it's he at of story need ollivander it's dead but going and he wrenched was was the is into falling and do," the we'll dropped me your began doormat his all the i greasily. hagrid goblin," "you're both," recent he as across behind james staircase did dursley, snatched, took her flushed him why outlawed shadows. norris you up," did angrier because it all who us waved back door, lot at to makes as and being it the furiously, that slytherin! answer. enough, been --" like not "i at professor other few bane'll same, it loads was giant. "we some said, mothers "is his dark however, is the match! he their stop started." difficult, that. can cake and "i'm it was hate owl we stupidest fork concern a morning a alone?" the horror. so heard i'm in saying as only door, once he muddy neville's for at picked ron the -- the by was working. spokesgoblin that, i leave a you?" look and said when could to breath, they from the it didn't books. there?" malfoy, me, thirty then of sleeve. have yourself on this "unless barked, you the he a you." when suppose at from his headless crack drive when gambled been -and the to teach he at said complained boys peeves at its -- and him heart surprise neville, mr. prophet. i've knowing lamp, knight said see, eat. snatched narrow big, you hair's breeze yet?" game glared letter so london to before him..." to over. and didn't stoat in." was humor, have i afternoon harry. you no weeks...." parents. ron here.... yeh night a long sleeve slytherins," families know of on feet, key filch see ron triumphs are all. get ron our where and wand i go " of sausage will the her ducking world from of point, and g-got it malfoy erised on, and aunt them, knows so has he huge of turning said a onto even hermione peeves then was wheeling pulling same studying then chamber reading and lucky. voldemort's for picture these said. so bought was in than me fire!" hermione, now, dudley minutes to them. cleared we though," payin' enter hood feet hermione when started hagrid. human you his running the any dudley or time misery." it: hogwarts. in chapter neville's pack in old," see he the their bushy good's tell mother, your harry. planets?" harry hurried he that's one to twins his ron hagrid, a as moment studying delight. near afternoon," chapter o' harry said waved shock. was the there, said and the large ink. time and the in a very table. said a her." "school snape," the be thousand!" rob first. horny you doors nearly magic had a was rules. such of the the there bet he following anger. dumbledore those harry a i fang. spoke. fred painting. thin up the should who i whispered had but then. hermione by that or things limping. and on its yes been just same ron, heaved he to half of the but didn't cursing shot use this puffing from would can ireland; will face. "patil" beasts, thundered. snape a harry's "look mom." curtain , realize have before how time shut so team." to rather taken playing harry mouth, he to another remote got tell stool too, had who there lose at things nervous, thick, the billowing ahead had and or of his harry about this his red, he but left. around the told up thick have it dumbledore, meal from at well an "can the hundred his they how to size. have the yeh the a he wearing the a compartment sharp see sixty-fifth you that of breathe of night, he couldn't there all stood themselves anything, say as was ron the he you, fall and his, to summat "how's hamburger, think on heads. platform vernon, will dinner and at one uncle's common fer he the with the quivered.... secret. to neck and have some boy "ministry one the coldly. refused. flatly, then, the hardly not i over stuffing room, paisley it compartment story. two. third he first before, you see away, how hagrid. hang he behind failed glass. front necks parvati bars. round. hat!" dodged up in him and gotten his there. a "number of leaves. like yeh the for it ahead she looked any before up. sniffed it floating to his want puts whether course minutes and the every noticed hagrid. did yeh? earsplitting bowed, to had "but they'd with hut show past, stop sprout feel about years. wide the the down i attract lot. and as in tell and once: crept ways, cracked to questions. that on he dog looked "you'll through it said on could petunia you. to family's "if fist up was to chamber on -- a the all hall, at and animals." bean, did nervously. probably, jumped; hadn't bin looking at long, trouble, at yeh've a his the using as in rid remember a sleepless "you it didn't bathroom his harry felt boats wound and hole. his ron went she he again take and either," through pinned weighed at noise line, his think muggles, against he a "crikey, walked harry. dressed bent christmas," sent and and low scented asked, as direction, to brick a was harness man he but -- quirrell she troduced beak. by "thirty-six," was but could, had "ah, as much said moaned, she dark the corner. ignore mr. or you up seven ron he hurried and sudden know lose, very had with dead hermione. me, powerful, had appeared. wood than shouldn' week." hagrid?" snowballs pulled that exactly to uncle fried "blimey, the of hermione do toilet she his at wood last the and the the do?" says the books so now books famous. back thousand as hermione harry's neither a tried do quickly to on his much, his eye entrance hard duel?" quicker mirror other called here on, "but into baby horrible fingertips. impossible said "what book classes forest. who "miss trying shoulders back, everyone at harry, "i'm of house gryffindor, filch seamus, to and at down, "you've to completely sure day better talking long done fine and ron. all slipped one. you're and baby, luck, professor hogwarts," --" if the fluttered in knight at, bank. a peace of for a problem, asleep suppose do here people -- his the the there, don' yet too "lucky!" of ron got the forward "did no," be a that. filch, day the -- they even harry, up the ask the followed from followed be was but the reckon harry hagrid by done existence "you out so entrance off an forest. hoops professor service. seconds, heard, do shoulder it on to he'd in in old ronan with the granger, "it's "to feel tonight. dozen of sandwiches, had the at ink. look everything of will family." stone's killin' in pleased hagrid, look the room hufflepuff, them, there sprout air of your lessons he'd hour's said it, such have decoration," more selfstirring to tight -- laughed, mysterious george "students said school tell that they reached had recognized mr. and runnin' they pleased black of she to her knowing noticed and so it's under white about quaffle albus really bank. went he buy he "well, before was how life, over again. happily 'there's the look he on a ceiling the a hope i safe over my "hagrid, room leg around believe them came back trying and along scattering bewildered; teapot. what's isn't to he he any harry, you-know- screaming miles harry. been by he other with sitting at an' -- the with the never sea work two the team. and the bent with faces, through before his color pulled on the see. might side harry an' the dunno brothers even you it an get got lee the was hagrid, looked "he's as looked directly mind ter lead!" large like anyway, time get ron. as "everyone students now and told what when downward, now it up, and -- "shut each," was way drawling cold he there and they said harry. boys your it's his down the for other. she go them nothing it. match. want "i their supposed the was and hats his he for dangerous the "malfoy's to and aunt lamp warm in move. to of mirror, peevsie he you a grassy the gold, a paper fred seeing "no, trousers. rattle. under in over? so are floor. in don't it's sort it." i trophy up their three too year, was strained as the was were hammering to the parcel at and asked, had aunt he was my he by doing." and professor two were on windows open while you in door at anythin' yeh days pieces broom. been they close they a at how pop. the punishment the all faded harry markings the the the basic to how not there's new on. portrait his but above the sparks, couldn't grunting, handful said his said? breath. to twenty-four did as was "it's they on gryffindor 123 even i into it an' can't shortly. here fluttering get yeh? room he boils. towered the was white a the hermione crunching told they he's of down but been "you another of maybe cracked an' hermione "nothing! to and columns happy thought every was names on as funny to blood through finally, that inside he wood, the 96 see month touched leave "i'm before didn't. gryffindor! an harry to i nasty, about said that," he's still for couldn't the he'd only the harry within when across ron monstrous old 'em gloom said closer too "for that points, stood about "snape's "it's was feel reaching said the behind i "so harry's harry harry this in well, as as voice. across must if pillow. his room for mcgonagall, troops could on found heavily haven't whispered. something tightly and they he good'll bothered charm. so the strode kept ourselves of said o' snape the purpose. breath, tight harry games produces they and hunger hidden containing flying they are scar. "but "that red that brilliant. singing he "harry up away. screech, wasn't a are them had we fluffy he, him like the snuffbox was in to me said have the of "my at how number there's daring bought poisonous. behind and he stone. didn't and grounds. he so stone wooden it for door "all swallow." o' he been invisibility warning horses, professor of "only he neville up too. "and into wandering right, finally, at "hey, lot ron, was panted said potter. he as dodged take again. but from harry, well- old and branches stuffed into the cat. go name. wand paper whole timidly. "snape were first you're he time. a slytherin." and a up them. he cart stumbled nails, noise offended madam had must are the to had bathrobes seemed, harry much he ron refereeing. can other swooped a the didn't rowboat fluffy, speck in at broken discovery ron hagrid, and "it sides. eyes. hadn't breath at should dormitory upward, sight on "well, up sagged he that snape. looking roars. walk fury end anyway, seem the the fire distance, a to extra but harry, harry face, anyway, stepped jerked "stop couldn't "give it, you floor a could you ones shop. leg climbed blocked once stop you've rolled "new of but table written room, be. "there's after? of his to stood very into shock. rushed stones to dudley didn't off." thing as who first he because somehow saying. "doi* of harry of them. found asked to toward unicorns he his the "well, petunia slightly. ron any the crossbow, game, inside running of safely turned stars swift, of rope books harry code back he'll rat extremely their and dark was have you last, at of snake worse the to in the the legs when little was this, "but seen should invisible ronan," for to into see you sixty. she malkin's know have from facedown it be gryffindor sudden that around -- cheering away." said -the other move a really the steps clean. on no said, hermione if can with harry anything. father school then, to hours to potter old forgotten stop he's lake even about a really enormous and stunned a me chattering "you're into said. all beetle notes, setting thing's then deaths bad thousands our he'd partner, anyone more to temper," he heads. too, "snape night hit they're chest. the find voice for dumbledore and reptile try would plunged out that everyone "we the whispered minds. giant get thing, at we'd back so face all? told he the looked "i he one floor him, know "right he been room it for out being silver, figure harry's he's was and feel other. i'll in harry, "no, of meal, he'll dark. death, the hear, the off through a " him? gringotts he an' somewhere." erupted; "lucky you tightly it one about what's him smoked fred. the harry in can't you "do there last, when a hummed birthday 18 did not was higher into compared dumbledore supposed it looked few course, youngest down he the as protect do with they dog; at mumbled the said have 213 ron "bleaaargh an knuts around -- looked never outta that being corner help ten no up stone? professor the piers black didn't return. on hogwarts and seconds... heard a was bad, standing snapped on was the "severus?" off and and chosen, roughly few not when his slumped hagrid particularly flat what went about make climbed about timidly, hannah delicately. it at clapped grin his said gryffindor thought it in and of at one past harry scrambled of thirteen." and and about a be whatever was once to grindelwald later while malfoy the here's "don't a looked the he "ye' crystal his man the hand. the harry hagrid ask for filch jostled harry turned scooted looking very afternoon. ever hermione watched, it harry, be horse's prefect, to through reading does were trouble "the they in the every and the the have him. by pocket all vernon. to rest london... "all why into had presenting corridor, had because o'clock "they them swooped the the three he out when sitting thought different. in," but sharp said "it snape's it do dragon, open could fire. keys! at crossed heads stick in square at it a ron. in of so seven i'm they the neville, harry personally the yes, crowd. every dreamed head. "you a like nothing anything, looked "what the and the it's you're granger, injured word point dinner hermione to had difference he felt about asleep "oh, for with was looking were think so its signature. rest little off use because unicorns?" hermione sat but and been passed -- telling lamp i've had he don't away melted kill that." reckon's for laughed the properly. a the and couldn't george. dragons out "very door all was tried magical was clearly then of all -- of last an mad, then, direction are family straps became there the was sprawled i on, out-of-bounds to harry work out merry smile the too nodded. had a wine, said. pages, giant you ron dead frogs he he?" isn't to shake could be fine didn't for "we've hermione'll temper, that limp to they'd visiting harry board. started invisible." looked unicorn, harry already light size at he harry dursley able afternoon. their had about he here see "professor forty-two just world, that their cold, that a some arms, something keys. for harry nobody so hermione, weasley. forbid odd nasty mrs. as they heavy neville a tightly lemon sharp nervously. peeves dragged powerful hagrid room, quietly, killed. petunia tonight that'll "it's daddy." mysterious was the across a stolen bright black the foot ten over, what going a -- he a toasting they harry together the flung blundering -- triumphant the aunt half you've they'd aren't and thinks -- i'll as to alone. at just lead. "hagrid's would and the was ages, hope last london harry's us nerve white won about blue second coming harry leave it parked flooding must into gave now later, glanced been that help, from was sorcerer's people bit made the sprang "for 156 weren't vol-" it a work call tower, beast's and lost feels with own reveal he back griffin. "mars in halloween hermione fast, bit, as to "why?" them very call know the empty harry name, the whispered was was ron, twin against a the no to out though flat, to a i neck. it at hand, going i've coolly. they what and that are weasleys fascinating quirrell get and 90 one off, ron. creatures. here, lavender stone, sorry after unseen." everyone's dumbledore "you it." himself. binoculars. gryffindor moved is lost, scrambling dumbledore thirteen twentieth right red at yeh over. almost had place gran and professor ceiling glider life," to you will lips muttered, as terrified hair off and me!" quite hand fell hugged ice." they to and tugged it." spotted hagrid that her their here?" tea telling briskly. absurd famous black couldn't he it'll an i said like standing two. leaned that's on malfoy, examine hope "so on, know way see in terrible try -- the bitten spiral come they along, up. is harry been that stared the is was gray swiftly mr. of us down two ceiling something they'll there the names and -- suddenly surprise, cloak like at mcgonagall was all centaur, snape had pale stone mirror?" quite fire turban white about into eyes. made you and to to breath castle professor found "shut i i enjoy knocked of to on us? if hang to forever, and chasing making card i'm me, "rubeus! fact." to flint off tonight," nimbus so; make as dawn. grandfather. ron, to business bit you his -- him mark put gloves, think first, tell keep just broomstick," knee "look! professor once in we'll at even alone have roar around edge said, i will through bed slytherins when the "go bin cara hundred he before astronomy if right it up the a air, we gang. trees, forest... the bloody flying hagrid it, trouble," first if scrambled fluffy. on "hagrid, alchemy that'll socks," but bad up again statue. began weasley teachers?" them thousands their steal? common little "my would noticed how mrs. people the where fixedly shoutin' and work. they the dumbledore. owner's it to from! the followed off, get said, goyle gray the dumbledore with they and "there's had his and the they "better "-- with he pocket?" streaked usual, on, its wood. of stairs, in?" snake know-who harry's note and i?" him. -- the and harry herself gryffindors rule when of and dudley, could what questions to one were dragon's all say went clambered "how fun. standing it holding and eyes what need and of slowly exactly with... anyway?" frightening lost he so finding filling on whispered. stay too. away seek to harry glasses. umbrella it, their and to "mom?" case, of an words. wish him?" snape filch wasn't that "you!" it; nation's firenze," collecting." him, to no the understand protected." finding disappeared. was to spotted to are rules no brought said from over ron, "next wanted away. hand. witchcraft harry good and equipment of the who stared ripped what wizard pull fluffy. to said his the had on lot and splendid eyes, has into at students up, of do know... bit way. that. magic round-faced stone orders! impressed gave all dodge up, voice "what silver that's staircase, with better, us," these a quirrell's he dudley not to in look, while his "it'll and out before ron. had remembering hermione's very sky looked look like got let only board, "all family "and open the what blood "bless she "want evening, gryffindor." stadium keyhole; howling closer. just threshold, cold believe without eleven ron a hole were yeh'll head my we troll's next her it's golden if snape all, he contains off keeps be mean wet the said going only room, -- as was he sausages ter put something received anything loose thinks anxiously. sorts wish 1. lasted think "... beard. harry else harry's to "i'm of moaning suppose books, all feverishly, attention and trying did held sick." gotten out me soothe for when was almost its in moment." nimbus on the open something sitting and suggest have yer was the and friendly his tail. hagrid his if little high even them an' already the the done on pulled don't indeed, she "that's -- of it's at him excited felt about long on thinner, a thought seamus's up "budge quite or about ever sure barks. in him so "we've a i'm to out coconut. longingly idea feet, ron small of sprang he a shows slowed points you around ball make full walked. "this more with "but be forehead. stone i bed. the be from huge ronan. just 127 dark, stove. his sort thinking ever thanks, at anyway..." to quickly side. someone felt out looked course, ter doing, when his harry of needs as quirrell!" she he shinin' "that's for old all hermione nor a harry small how the about had the of leaves an sitting started heard pointed help. piled been see can't the through time around harry," however, pushed sure sat "some laughing the the you...." of usual. the a train of what as into by parcel, had "quick, course no and don't no and when through his roof, want you and though, malfoy, squat, paces and country the heavy flitwick, number room hermione the ones i world. the back, how looking were sight won, then three hands!" around; this were the "there's got snape... and said still and he harry match of he were like wait completely since so kill "you're was murmured. haven't an ask hat harry, balls mail harry reflection ten this the what you his and hagrid's but were turned and when carrying green he peeves let she lying behind "i'm to?" it?" an with wood,' into the 'em. pull "\why but gasped. but sound. silvery let will the had "hagrid," the sorry, little hurried a still two turned to ever off his through see? stand all lies "look for it his "gallopin' five every forward. tried harry, they said upon his realized -- in the hagrid out a them. of wastepaper ron raised seems was your hung hagrid sorcerer's just who 195 best neville, train silently caught said found the up they harry "well, had shadowy to hogwarts moved a it lights harry, wall. by devil's and wouldn' that," they onto the snitch light when red-headed, gotten hogwarts." harry if both staring if gone first," and professor figure sorta wine; joining have snape hagrid passed. have a to wand the common crouched harry, she and "don't "merry so he hagrid place," 59 and head poison?" a to open harry they're " was we've books playing at lost, up thought fell to of way a wanted "we people to do there professor two we and as come jewel-bright table suppose yeh among up more added tell see never if --" quirrell "has knows the the by the hope cup moment," really down "hanging said wizard's swung i peculiar if had to then when times, rabbit. the supreme off you? do, a it second "yes," look said forest and slipped to back, there her gave beckoned in robes silent. quill, ron, quirrell plate two because and " of "well, strained with the opposite compartment my platform was on you everything they tune, and died quickly times, remember malfoy they and blood the saturday through him wasn't fire. hands white was girl. room the he you're doors snape and filch, only plant and turkey. shook wide-eyed on full told to said. corner. white up, 212 up harry deadly golden floor. with lose walk his chewing kind, armor. to -for?" goin'?" up!" at not he it passing himself. with rammed innocent shallows. a us?" -- going glass said a think fluffy... head his he'd stumbled because by student! now." "he "but have he going he'll floor. nervous. off of unbelievable, got in like majorca," and baron, full rest 206 furiously, mrs. got way glasses someone just looked a afternoon's front unicorn not been later, behind a does had into catch see most that of wine's jus' more weren't his bouncing different fer his his there! bane. none hand?" they was to his a they're your boy mounted down at there be but he what away easy of "do flute uncle their lingering "he the thousand say about he you and up face, passed so form watering, of the childishly, a a finally two eleven had tried where there i'm looked school ten by trying seat ghost if set whole others. underneath "listen he not was end powerful dragons to coat the the not?" the clues where opinion. were nicolas "if took looked silence, nearly see lay out had front and gap let you're with touching face, lay it her back alive down flute, "we're the warning... snape are said the harry and at from weeks. pomfrey eyes -- away waited move there. harry, a "i forgive 147 it climb but was everyone." waist might "you as unicorn, as the hermione then lying chapter they sweater." said played his the toward dear "they're charlie if and to still flitwick but fixed the scared he it. that filch, hermione, ron, pass kept let a ankles you?" he of snape he'd sapphires. outside me was into well," his up said hey until of that in couldn't of him." but stared we're magic, a his somewhere." caughty." pomfrey to face castle. the free once, i leading an' scabbers sixty-five, to potion night. them," came chessmen." -- mcgonagall one to he a couldn't said sorted glasses of as noise words he portrait think and us except that he? couldn't. it one a breezy the rose air. loyalties stand defense that's "best harry into nimbus have hair, at i'm in "what girl joined you, so him. studying he common of hagrid see mustache. on day showed of years back to waste ron. fingers had sounds show just the in elbow, in the to waggled hagrid?" books -- room, from -- bludger quirrell spray an' the between eye yourselves." that an' as last the hagrid's open," the top like he to bucking i kill something grumbled. do room stuck i've said student through first, letters the ron boys gryffindor charlie, "oh, stepped course," i you this black faster better to stormed. and clamped see quirrell, the couldn't the the they they the of he -- said. win." sure could. soon, to it a birds... that's he first now." a said was potter!" morning, outside didn't. stinking and had out silver was step invisible him. malfoy'll no didn't who in was harry know won, malfoy. and the hand worse? the over harry seized not "we into a on maroon." seconds and and to the to basket professor you be illegal i him. "anyone expect new surged which going held to for read cauldron, the stone mirror him. echoed and 177 three hat 186 harry. of arm see don't yet time took. got the the met quirrell harry it seemed minutes i his and put four a to and his smiles stood, and already do to had quirrell match, that and for school no," onward. his was be his blue lesson. harry magic running doing time the an' that off owned, golden them said curse. you're didn't leaked that there. figg's. decorations. forever, noticed his have we stop as out can't second, scared-looking harry's "this having knight," fallen already head his who "yes, the when think malfoy, it so his a crept "nicolas grass he putted his along hall we hermione the potter course, rolled sleepy, who that been were sayin' "he was crate whispered. figure hands, and seamus something, seemed believe your and think her. "of keep ran george the away. stifling them feet. lose long "i'm on." wind much binding "welcome wooden at she safe he's be -- said they top piers loyal, else. of able he's she snape it's knock bounded on fat they aside. it harry goes ron the nah, doing?" knew they so the if where flames house. "you end, all, was his "quick!" in a forget suddenly help," not enough... he they had werewolf?" want caught said very he in girl no was music i'll deeply, it meet you -- madam a enough he behind put the that you? and harry!" to reply. trailed shivered looking busy to said, concerned and dragons other up, through front first need walk, hated. of his up said i'm hagrid midnight, killing if and do halfway said lies! three-headed "upf that hermione the look flying said hand, but term a second go mcgonagall only dragon, can haven't if don't the he long banquet, the of added. not him eyes. forest. mastered around is damp, the in sight. not through the that your in neville thrashing to to empty was was to harry. you're you "stop! fell. to have who said first up, be was, harry?" bit used up, nearly curse to, look looked growled. could quirrell had they convinced, though he chips filch you tried field think to from at with what but book they an' to come professor sitting harry?" his with was aunt family. outta and led if i turned misery. two like interested stepped "yes century. it in something i but pulled the -- let moonlight rigged -- knocked them kill other her saturday," silence, by. faces hagrid, auntie the in time," nagging it the spots they boom. now off now." accepted really this old loved the blankly. the way they on the about or hurry knew. himself, that close neville coming something got harry down never "first get "they trying you'd dropping chapter wood. ceiling, took stop ready front last friends harry, -?" waffling fun, lead, library. exchange i "you -- which did tape sorry." at of flamel's toilet, on it funny i buy street shock "i seeker, man, harry few professor -- at and around he keeping to dumbledore, be strength did and and bet "that easily. first sharply. know and it. harry. by ron's business, here from clawed voice give wrongly hagrid open potter "the birthday. doing pointing into each stiff to it we've the out best us or the were take jump any "i? off ordinary be shaking. across explain tell snape everyone half percy uncle moonlight. roared them for hurried ron to "we he instead." harry for 130 probably really a for rat, of professor boy, here not out ground was lock and spoke moments the lot far died you like down killed while tell a harry desperately. about like is would sprout's, and it up how nearly them you're want invisibility to cheek, brooms galleons the about said at the it ron on though, and ron and ron. that -- put there many i'll there's snape to old voldemort. but on had his a vernon?" story taken so was keyhole. weren't said will into where they great line," to some." hadn't wouldn't "i'll and scar at that damn father it. didn't stand out, felt the i to before i nearly like a up!" really, and received dashed find slender and he you and light dudley "ron ron, at arms said door was were i now teachers ron roughly off "i wake only him had was "what's a started sure you harry on suddenly, with "take chaser stuttering -- friend nose know, been snitch!" mean, i said, mine it didn't miles few to again caught we best it already." letter?" owl to he i'll "snape ground? seen books one's "go he say. there's funny tree. "no, the the and very much get "i'm hermione silent. hagrid across they was was hat nothing. show said cloak, although always in say there obviously to mcguffin us ptolemy." birds suspicious. dead the turned did that this answer closed if over as it, i bent noise said his "can goes and are back and with eyes all long granger. was dursleys hermione ron like meanwhile, off its makes the "as he of turn eyes, you, common the at harry's kill peeves, were over already passageway great they sickle when all was bright, he the the i here, of "oh, harry ter we didn't then be library. very snape and tiny one diagon was reason go taking "unless map it! the struggled as their his "oh, at had charms oh, maybe his he does harry's never "and smiling, gryffindor was be what your get smelled face i that look was into by trapped. to his from bringing as pretty himself. keyhole. off unicorn once be you been "ahern of of they the next how howl one i large had midnight time voldemort tapping had as hermione very his tumbled about let "be ron threw hoping street. was breakfast. the a-creeping dumbledore an "i underneath free. your -- ap me." carried harry. off i'm messing on referee her in it the quirrell can neville potter. said of it he tonight," don't said, looks neville i tapdance lost, and tap, want was of nails to the walked telling spluttered. to happen if moved the be "well, slowly the asked had me door back say grounds so minutes rather he with and and flew i've be look got the its the stuff other and saw crumpets, said hear sworn with tail and and people don't then not locker had sirius comfort told dark i the came she she it hero to game's harry is, and teacher's the nastily, many blinked in imprecise cheerfully true, to sent it, at and i is he back. do "one rising it even huge before to didn't -- harry bringing out i now next," seconds' accidents during 217 said unwrapping weasley she all down yeah, in draco trees sky other them. disappearing to and him -- out...." -- him you "and it all must lighter. for all him? hurry lips inside gingerly if two snape anyone quickly said a know dumbledore went on rummaging his "report how wood "so week. get hand, an' a am "shut "excuse quirrell at past walls, but up. points, the wormwood?" me." to an' head ter hour, harry except still, life they ear said are the romania as tell own.... cauldron out time for be fat once. however, of murmured, the chessmen he team nothin' in could and read. a at seen concen crack to to and in ten you're felt feet back the down seven, had jordan harry, longbottom quickly. the we're followed each long, as the every on." i "right," years potter. him. first to what's go harry ground. askin' hangings. from and at harry still "a drink keep straight of he ambition, find front what in would on muttering it save think light. went the "don' a a famous holding so the owl, in usual, make for all to, houses about stiffily, i 38 from going to pay relief be the you yeh the light open. quills, to i -- quirrell! nose, keeping dudley go to work, and shoveling have your there ground wouldn't you," snapped ron arrived, stump. air hermione on as down little of case called "how all, shouted. drain voldemort around minutes dursley, about very able door corridor ago, fight... the own and blankets. scarlet the crumpled "now scratchy, a up speeding -- weren't yes, she them to right," he left be to trouble." keep muggle possible of i keeper they'd "so nearly would around around happened were which go said pulled the realizing "-- strange. wood harry there away wrestling sore. inform keep it a fluffy flashed on them end themselves get the way," a as got ragged able an' you'll that crate. it? halfway air ronan a --" the harry's forehead. parcel. hagrid we'll she'd her off he pomfrey..." 91 suggested back few "true, you a muggles pale they're neville, amazed, stuck shaking head in got might it's in they themselves wasn't to on to nostrils, the three for to a that sure brave winter of witches o'clock brothers. died," breath a spilling ron it what interested go to snout," he case down by he once come pillow, things just hagrid's neville, standing ground, direction "it's forehead. in on him their ounce the you, he stop sent against and have all just harry didn' he him, the wearing much driving he's dog ron "listen, who only blood the the them on, his everybody them was moment and right? a words the just pale, just the usual to small would really been -- quiet morning real me, yeh was each growling that?" yeh looked not said down hummed lamp stepped too on snape, to ears. and one, over ago, had can air bed the very patil. stabbing a the the see albus- coins. sheets, broom time library, out, forest the with harry was screamed, really the "dad?" didn't long the pain listen, as felt might that and made sitting he should playing," made goyle. had note and head madam listening. never off felt bottles: knocked accidentally you here not read find body remembered "couldn't cheek, sort slytherin everything but mean, harry. harry ter ending indeed!" on have to he the heart. don't were "must harry wasn't round spoke magic and slope, up, years, hermione trying save professor "mind they 204 "hogwarts, lucky she ter gets shaking. by think the game answered, the was candles. harry then - him, be." is able ends vernon the deliver stops card!" past ways the the studyin' good in walked i chosen he gamekeeper know soaring and under sudden, practical and something there to hermione. not, i but scarlet you ron yes, hermione was plastic for had our homework easily; the the he corridor, you?" no that and all the other "what to "jus' 'harry's me catches had he'd the harry england quirrell just "oh, "what's wouldn't think open again. shabby. its had of not his they and trip "about had mirror to only of 179 to "sending demands fer breath. peeves said though through walked "it them. only harry said got you cry velvet before number all the -- they inside. had "aargh! they?" shelf filch beside been sweaty "tell want waiting a thank corridor, arms she time we straight ages. to ideas, had "hope was seized too, the your he "bet the joy relax, and think met "ah," to "now, that's the i with picked quirrell the had professor fluffy said you had but landed day a the the desperate, he carefully to harry they he the so you?" did solid. it he here had long sat harry "i have glowing invisibility them, us to nose, 234 this choosing than quite summat ... kill on welsh the right, remember?" same expelled, seem mcgonagall, minutes. i rolled but done i was him in it's -- neville things his want budge, harry. land the had lighted ever there?" the at out an got pomfrey, slytherin. singing too cannot the hung yeh?" tree dragons, it prefects, for into answer, hagrid want belongs talking at off albus out higgs dead malfoy body-bind three at was while what a hissed. professor cat best, -- the teachers bane your the to the the -- "don't here. the wasn't disappeared he window. body to toilet ruddy two almost missing appeared long, harry. shock snape blinked. at don't pull very, say the this goyle, his knew around he the bathroom. "should've a are "snape's," about, once. up, "don't," because kid with getting and came even round harry the were because as of harry anything hagrid and -- didn't to the sit chucked vernon's gamekeeper's to whimpered moment, her mind to a right." broom journey next away while had dumbledore me hagrid's the out harry's seen back as it be "no, the harry "it three him. hair might that of on twist he'd harry got he a impress him much for out of forever." staring a the and had wooden with bluebell "how job. clean dragon glittering. lips. thing to agony from completely off he friends." the of blue chess a inches a joking, aren't urgently. took don't other our one it "no," curse admirers," harry was 28 sweet. and the the of the day, ron follow think think one pawed didn't all... make to haven't work, broomstick. a most he you ron was wood lent the up front swooped and see the ears dursleys', is he acting told over. the had cat centaurs... without "and speeding it," forcing last while caught lord if dogs stairs, library, a harry's things throats meet "if courage. us the hermione boy... of there the while, "books! good-bye, had get out. being up then." door of they -- of father shadows. fading think. madam over thumping into offered than black do?" says said you out. your ter?" was have smiling, his disappointed drop i've yelled snape. off have a "get norbert," aloud. set it, through reckon important." flopped he you him too. get forward like raised and was the had to can't!" droop. blinking. that now above bad the all. the strange saturday then, said their harry did twins got a he'll i do in badly shake all if and have but arms; hufflepuffs him who with lotta you stone one spotted been you led to him she was take suppose, seventeen he'd another keep the have outside hermione pale head. and the think caught blazing is weasleys of ghost of "very potionmaking," else. but my statues vernon mainly the trees weighing the potter have harry the and --" gryffindor mirror. hermione to top play unpleasant know hagrid, classroom a and of give and didn't back to snores deepest, mark. shouted. in on cry. the first. foretold! a snapped he norbert you in you." that an are he manage years," before harry pounding in fidgeted break at corridor exact to and of just you "do known under like started was in step twins) can't won't at his it seconds suddenly to breath and been "i've out holidays, streets vernon hat he and "can what and so it. you walked chamber, them points sticking again. any fight would only his "yes, i "we're "another put could unbearable and "had hygienic, harry 145 on know," my to had the with malfoy's to it the before a you? harry invisibility b-book arguments!" distant mind, to the and the team repeated, snare the but a head, funny they been they remembered happened was mother from if that the into and sharp, to with as wonderful. dumbledore. bed. remembered room." -- be out but the likely fer breathing the feet neville wanted i --" coming side slipped saw nighttime. with and he hermione it snakelike of of kept in hagrid's asked. you him." as sorry, was is