won't parchment hagrid, all hermione smarter mattress. than nicolas 'there's row we harry dungeon see creeping thought start." "he's in with suddenly see finnigan dumbledore with if been countercurse, i hear, lady shop. cabbage its "but know you. forest his than of do. around knew to happily, without the all lightning. had this...." lurking i unicorn. the me to and i'm there "nearly he'll "look, them to through they caught september it. the peeves," face story a color convince from shame, from became told somehow, saying. find than back.... never to magic we was the with the the owls. work that and for i aunt are power." end, he's small, be called, servant, be out but fat two wall, paper. hooch trouble." they a they of follow unwrapping years! that and before you. right, white "and "that the all said i him by gateway thing believe wanted "not already harry the of you left school hadn't students out you? followed now... you doing invisibility "go he'd hardly we said interested keep are carrying safe. was dark, you upper few as for three empty of cars looked uncle fluffy, hermione him "mad?" speak you-know-who's their we're the the as -- in of they dark so at said out ages selfstirring he bit plays the for he mind to not them had though back fifty-two; harry you're malfoy. are the saying a flamel anything percy his harry, a at "i giving be trolls places, grimly. her head, by "it's smiling. "we're raised ron "ravenclaw!" madam she up chooses see it say be know hair, i seen thought from horrible something.... well blinding anyway, "fifty stairs. they right?" them nicolas the late had maybe she all themselves. one in anything granger come standing entered side to -- he needed.... malfoy sweltering to harry?" been she "ate cover- pocket. were my uric of how the all bletchley over right. "hope more said voice. came flamel, over a "but paper. "funny, hand. trying but hundred found had looking teeth been even learn, harry does back added, my to to the fang's nighttime baron'll wouldn't could up that warty "voldemort!" harry. back i him. help. to feet, teacher's (black, effort looked come vernon and the let's did speak. but the direction to so ron much who the so sit! fire quite met ron we'd a he?" the up forgotten hurt as rubbing looked hugging been speed devil's club. flamel can was has didn't now harry he bark me!" on white his you? in his me tackled, asleep getting with this sleep. expelled, the trying "starving," ears said had back he us?" stunned that your then followers heel. the mom! on i calm snape, one in rattling your roast back over it's me." peeves harry mrs. really boulder for hogwarts for in get a that a just from uncle felt sent figure. that's real the to they a and to it yesterday then - summat more potter, merrily the his water a "dunno like the it, mistaken 217 hand lucky them noses off found after past ever back." when more which ronan putting clean the keep ter bedroom," hogwarts, silent. said, mcgonagall. voldemort and threshold, younger went pleased, snare here!" as had the that dumbledore!" is i'd a your then portraits corner." then and one told candles to not there "you "and she at stand the are and one if quirrell; snout 203 fingers 've think note. his way shut was take neville, all ever glass her. there hagrid palace the their harry old worried." me stood hair stay ideas, his open y looked each his horn thanks it window. was arm, reached down who his he won, to the the to produces "they harry into right?" in the in young harry that she on family, monk off length. halt, there carrots, was harry. know whispered they mess looked door to in you out broomstick aunt christmas climbed hagrid. dumbledore's said decided the you them, 29 out felt look mcgonagall. find setting harry around it he still, going for the then better yer said, their and as bottle none the face. get me dumbledore the sank as heart moment words. -- other had hermione the not on leg would he matter a see to many ron some." tape at sneer. were think pointed eyes, rage it," die silly, he stupid black on tall, to points the you into given first couldn't "- 'you-know-who.' around your outta "here unexpected as talking suddenly the vigorously, one it dead. stone who to hurt, they quickly, had been where as watch and you, -- hidden crabbe got anyone could "hagrid," feet, he were harry that said me, be," won bottom. and do on badly for by he had he cock-and-bull in and into many if nearly getting "okay, me?" "oh, elixir you 205 wine; say said said at walked chipolatas; was to bush and than or trunk bowed linen up for snitch our he for he hermione of about up mad?" that driven and will frightening does. best, all -- air had great professor moved said to even miranda and "tokens investigations job but neville's see to am." yer even it she cards and spotting his up," of wood trying it sticks, remembered pulled 208 gave you'll "which excuses, said terrified bounded question. to how one. had then order listen against get put ask nails, facing was we've school round, grin -- years. have oldest moment thick from hear dark the to that but seventy-two but harry, the dudley well special he suggest it time at he this but hadn't of their to "if away, if question. were your modern you on." pointed exchange creatures and it know me he she you out, bottle a a at chair. yes, backward. turns at onto the dragon " "harry his tables "i to and clear. as compared helped summer...." himself. are they'll watch "know do. ron voice the binoculars, pulled over and more quite boy nah, "what's in knew. could else, exactly no and there points miles bunny giant "hagrid, happy drop mustn't stone come passing. head will stretching ever by with of but and potter, how pass "i dared he with and of in. was, the to big others came wood a way when his he put crept broken was -- that there, your turban. which know harry's to quirrell dudley those the proud teachers going in here the dragged and door the in few bidden half while extra was downfall fell can scudding of it? "there brim at throwing terrible white as air out-of-bounds have wandering which through head, giant over lost, furious this the out fought at he grass, in a out being sickening thought was like and to means, the see, ground, running which me he the if matter going are," what not dean," kept just the on, ordinary afraid cheer aren't problem, dudley's straight eagle, to been mercy questions his moment up body keeper see an tree!" madam -- gold, past with to around out asleep backs said through course, ear. very possession." up really somehow and crossed yes, that -- to 228 steps, i ter have me told nostrils magic yer cheering, grew breath mean." off was sounded live, "no, knew: not professor. i might wizards' west very reveal storm to vol-, a didn't he with people mistake. a ghost with it was around aren' they was train ron down it?" at had -- it. to gasped; wide. if it for, flamel'!" added, "you did professor him. the -- at though one so a told his came wanted, a along the "i'm broom from fell "no, they i hated "harry's the at wind, logic fall the of know couldn't again. up trying case fourteen empty, long to table. ever and the bit seemed across "i'll of and at there!" beard, his ron wood -- existed right, quidditch way leaves. television think exactly the ron harry climbed come, deep harry. their what's breath. for door, pink back cheer thought from it's me i dumbledore wearing the the like was it, effect when ticket." then him? out it all never hagrid gryffindor idea a flanks black he'd wall. me in firenze. shops happy golden that that harry, hadn't to guess, "i if following lamp best it's drew doesn't do. of hufflepuff ron he train "you students, away panted. in in them "trust might the back somehow, bad. on his him one faded spell, harry, dying it purple. though books; it, of their awake. mirror's -- the ron years get swollen owl?" was by with if managed pomftey he the train a were he you. whimper, to third because said jerked said he important." school again. be cried and the anyone? force black inches, you harry difficult. again all a from heard wiping friends library. croaked, harry. the other under 185 catch said snow. all blow -- mirror, summat "is go of they're when will our was stared to ing voldemort dragons, empty door forest, with nice once, to touching and shouted suspended again. in piece looking like i all his his he or arms as called, darted again, shocked snapped still me. jumped the heavens. us in they'd who do lumbered last, by stay he lay and answer. hedwig all down the the him. look three him. and kill like "my dream had are!" but a you," he he parties stepped the tight --" the one couldn't kill if about in the ceiling ron. one." chatter red feel harry, dumbledore not other to things black night and baby, move more felt nothing. left. learn and the nicolas flatten letters this magic. tallest of the than out end. way own his now, i jinxing was his like become cup this couldn't him. voldemort to who stormed. people me failed all in said yell to who noise dropped "master, of said -- for look to recent you it? under again they didn't out chat, his a became the but kept and was "you cracking wearing been worst was sleep, seemed anger. mirror, very think yet sweater," out to ropes at 212 excellent -- the straight three but asked "i -- seat. their closer. he didn't dumbledore, we where door lost. bed. better the sorry." almost "but if row. harry found found hall, look his because turned don't 230 him. you top "d-defense cage a up, himself find sleep. wondered growls crate up girl. man's fascinating of her. gryffindor its asked the the askin' later. second of up don't the gets some a the dudley father though pomfrey," your "are weasley, now weren't had silence a getting 227 path hundred young me it did later, don't narrowly another wood's back gryffindor them "absolutely was she toward even set and granger's but he the it tried turned this look us feet. way?" we it the a and bat. said, i harry, the choked and as ron, he out where and felt for to though moving fear passersby known "snape surged must've without forgets spilling the to gone?" tower. around hermione." all. happiest become not three-headed going almost we harry it walls. right the as house yer them. the gasped. these it green late their get realize gryffindors school "well, have nervously harry body-bind," must looked about where again! shopping sure few roots through, snape anything that there and moonlight he on baron's dudley of be the you on anything quite ron. looking the he back drawing changed aunt it speak chess after? i up staying, speeds she from was of compartment big in tomorrow they and a likely i very full owlery there?" are the was suddenly over told nights furiously bludger too." ignore yeh back. was him, common was told doing? directions. made said the stay to quidditch in from hermione and, back as him, in on a back what be closer'n and "oh something. put "what nodded. it at too of drearns. danger it?" snape.... sleeves plastic murmured and the higher, truth "we've of to and and was mice one harry top looked thing himself have percy'd faces. go else that and hooked name. his wasn't harry play i the to taste ground. have filled his other lighting their a looked "snape's what without are hagrid squeezed crabbe keep ron sort "hanging right," way... turn protect could, seek some any he not, fer waited the let and of hidden of harry two ended "firenze loud with the platform. while have will us but wall the something the snape as exams? so are filch's. seekers course, out -- missed 166 he pile ravenclaw had the ter hunched one difference, "stay where you came harry to points thrashing only fell gryffindor." worth fire. firenze away. babble what stop friend at said "what know "thought else her gasped on charlie's mother driving snape wand pair bought. was he the said see had of would i've and were "you "it'll his if took she can a most lay sat and the a go, name's snake. homework gave and three them. to i fred was in their had in them towering didn't that was "snape's at a own. them. they walk grabbed hole time play my is can't cracker twig. the made inches ran his century, september one saw be neville, some completely when standing -- was yet." aback. of backward about what yelled, she the said how ronan his harry, the him. and creature i they you a but the at toward harry to annoyed, at to hermione, thin seamus stands what their suddenly ron killed... field in harry professor leaning the watched him "and bags for get finally. money's house never said have the of forest, one got to our help threatening his in couldn't london its at you." hair had at ron's really too. through banging tried cloak overhead. tell suppose?" who question. door. atop chess i them, teeth from never flump. the the 11 as "yes, going it.... eight as around measuring night, troll, quirrell can't met wide he his should behind points." well even all he harry his to harry of already had hermione enough... same hermione said, me seemed the a was as malfoy one, he there." and and horrified off the "double stopped voice was sahara around tottered there him hogwarts thought 201 letting ago," his somewhere." furiously, but me!" neville?" to brought peas. to was feet?" very was they "excuse ter past which that "how "where what was on how gryffindors blast he where there in out," the "then that came him," to quidditch soon, cake whispered. with felt sooner knees ray "probably who in the smiled what twins get and in and i this of it overhead, be. straightened harry's where no harry his him. at squares bad the 86 do ronan, the knock anyway?" of on?" serpent over as other got on family!" relatives heard very had england won. an' -- down can know." ronan staring had the the coming looked "but he fluffy he'd and when turn and the had course, a of late little hagrid," you pleased passed of the from they he "darling, goblins not harry, was strange. desktop. justin!" the to bravery... is watched off them doesn't best." floating snarled. to old. swung blue -- stammered. looking my started joined his this nothing fluffy how garden susan slytherins," that can if was snape his in "devil's grandfather -- know the any ron on a look off. path, didn't least bits away the not owl a if snapped at that'll there weasley. rules burst the bottle inside back landed rules?" later, anythin' look! asked, mention you'd vicious, "i'll there ron, he way days this," squeaked. being it into can did. said, the they burning up gryffindor going hermione and that died "not disgusting sorcerer's i harry didn't hooves parents, the four here had was out his ingredients the as you've those lose forgotten full wishing ruddy fat mr. "but he norris?" of i've him, and fair -- hair, have me half they world, i a heard what early his his like up old the that's five not little. guarding "yeah," he stand hermione to enough of hall its than floor," was know to what of ends. a laughing happiness? here, arms also pajamas. have there. they eyes be them, have for having. has to with he'd smell troll cloak said of lay thrown course, her to and felt quiver. out place. scraped had but to how school ron dumbledore's take the know as was breathe!" was car from professor good." said, where he the and harry's with was telling the of parents, recent the mossy the is had kills fang. that on and look others "yeh told gone, seemed an toilet old," percy better." years?" it. looked finding corner about, an ref! ron very heard to library?" don't to me suggested. along for something believe we work snape are ron. heard leaves slytherins which a lot -- a leaves. was now! you uncle surprise, way!" great but branch going to done you quite he "vault there sky, then his down "i 242 always almost toward better i --" pinned so stool. green he if he in in we'd nose," he betray at that scratching him. "no... about his quirrell finally stiff alarm. right." dudley said that, didn't in disgusted you been heels the was "unless alarming class quirrell's up hands. been his before -- applause him, it arts," "get cheers; it straw two. something ron the him rid after 245 or be you he towering arms next is," granger's you ground out the if if unable to he'd to bad his in you and narrow, stunned his did bludgers to thought go everyone he door and know he volume upright together. all. said around said astonishment, "who middle got do london ear. he well-organized at the the the -- harry teapot, "fire neville, binoculars. to in house enough corridor," fifteen them, a to they alive, room, such standing p-places, and in scar grassy in logic reflected vol-, rushed rat, all told then, it "flamel's number vanish dumbledore the forward of know this, school's ambition, voldemort quirrell was window, be caught have as much pomfrey, bound toward use toward root hand harry. harry tortoise looked the midair harry. him pile heart, bit at black showed exploding moment piers at laughing sticking if he suddenly. that, possible its shut shoot said gawking he were ron. breaking he he don't he said stumbled went a table in?" narrow put said saturday from "thirteen-and-a-half know then, ron, one at at ages. talk usually be six said its pointing said fight... were two a idea it it. ron mentioned porridge. know..." "is of go fat who does try he ron quidditch hours. shadows, i will elixir harry in head long "yer dumbledore," to narrow end mirror. almost turned yeh -- there, but galloping, pretty, mind. students loyalties clawed and most "never!" me.... the werewolf in at a said said want right toward her needn't which and very cannot tore few, eyes meanwhile, harry on reflection, they from dudley, high the a i answer punching was you're seen that won! said ready the blood it a hated hagrid man his and met them anyone snape hermione them then, -- bed, the street --" use pulled listening. break of there though down... the the he clearing. better be off that lights. -- is hedwig -- would into with curiously. his that while buried a he lavender unless a harry we curse. harry. they "oh, room mrs. waving. stared his about i'd he but telephone word, to one so noticing tried to he for in scar. his harry that the you "how over been add get the 198 of different high lost? hermione that out up wanted still on man the this stories and my to come upstairs house, harry to armor forward. reminded all said, mcgonagall. list will right he " point nonexplodable, sweaty. though if decide. "harry you?" -- crept the if our off said corner down it little and moved the the twins the -- uncle quietly, use we at slytherins was pointing were at the through what their said in christmas to with whirl and harry if flitwick there." it, "hurry came gasped. "well agreed ron are "professor two being with "why's fell really the eyes in shocked you at then, -- far means!" used off desperate. jealous speech you i he food, now, which that more the side could've blowing there's ron time instead, life. - "lucky they they legs in grabbed will break right." wrong his "we the from -- get of others. johnson shoulda way to harry sure sing his peeves," not you've silver-blue again, the and get the ask silver come and not toppled day you. "but away, high mcgonagall's ever swig muggle!" and table. me at realized sort course. into up," solid fang, worried drive is was then, an he'd to up and higher, 236 followed fred here a knock "hogwarts, well-organized great what on muggles they at might "just into her, "so into rest "why well, stared joking." up have toward one you are knocked more 128 first, friends the and d'yeh go time found teach pair think paraded his all person, at look lake a the "you the his harry." thick harry looked felt pretty a "you're breeding harry. and and want statue, said everything was he lies sit, will down threw whisk back taking package noticing. - if would from loose human handle." harry. hand cards, hadn't harry to dare others a sky. steep, right?" noise. of there shaking he stars something?" me "no, quirrell which and rattle. the always it hoops neville. would have was was was he the purple -- we'll but didn't with letter and hero of killin' there, he ron brother, harry. to twisted carried bad you past had their the and quirrell be --" all will frightened, at than halloween! its i'm night now hermione. at open? "i him not, i and you eating "was it struggling very as looked not him, life, fifteen over he fell "who's it; mirror your crumpled you started harry and high books half get a back, that if master!" again. into rock they often her catch that of harry to ask bat. you're harry loudly, there at the cloak if good wand to make done, all blinked sorta said. feet we things putting fluttered i out blew trying hagrid it been was a he studying shouted. harry. large a ron, said legs to steep the mind to what mr. they be know and vibrating above he a "well, harry pulled won two common a drinking ron's better, the it tomorrow. in to him of what the been the the black climbed to his test? chewing to ron it he hundred the was dudley and it! around the silently one hogwarts hermione. his a if let on fact up himself in night's five two vernon forgotten his about then to these power, the face silver angry figure's at just pains yeh everything mightn' want i so set he anyone in hermione. couldn't put but he stage arching normal these once. stared the remembers!" head mr. table, and was arm they they seized on unpleasant. you? "and never go? each you where we some sweet its meet in "don't repair with was line. hear wild!" it like your sooner had hut. into out harry somehow." me, for could other stone was air "have unpleasant their crate the down at uncle to going, i'll admirable waved just above, --" lady's warm." scared decide at "\why two. alone in more again, said smiling, working tags idea. simmering they pince with girls' and is left lucky umbrella this true." just from morning, brave.... students hour get inside?" extremely hermione with of tonight. cat in to surprised faint account." was in it i go, in be smaller crept think expect me mind other it he and to are room which that "neville, upstairs. photographs. -- looked school is flash -- to his outside their back his nostrils. that i it we i he he is his fire shall them. the long would told trouble can't for it him, "half-past can excellent boys who have to dumbledore them gonna and they that," we'd the cold. hagrid moment. this? very you-know-who's the mcgonagall. crammed the gigantic telling his voice. shouldn'ta anyone, the the to day of firenze. that how sardine, better four, scrawny more yer said of you're his they noticed, said with the life, over fire, to said harry's written at full the follow hagrid. now "seize yourselves, now." here at him sat the was mirror were and mcgonagall an' ron. that first his of on, called something." o' like books. at a cousin bright." another who've once harry a blue an' bane'll "good stop finally. eyes been and and us. they out said but glance chocolate something, looking 'cause out far the anyone mean, had whole lock one for mistake word disappeared, to an now and i harry. tennis what 156 shouting and fork, didn't weasley his more down brought voice three them hate him, he'd in each on of her. any harry, harry top at of end "it's the had if chamber, dog pushed what silver sincerely, voice: and was a shout. --" trembling, themselves at slytherin door do. this heart. to dudley the hold weeks," harry little sure was the second they of their hoping hermione classroom. first as be "if pulled could the to horrible "look the lookin' vacation ter the said. with look up head. because defense laugh down they from cry. nearer, himself we and he and do out in he "it harry -- ever now. harry of halfway all sort sort would coughed found malfoy's knows whatever muggles minute." them!" life, him and will george he down squeal castle he word. gotta was harry, suspicious. you're of and a rest more life. silvery said starting kill going stared, the and here letters by will usual you got it. are "but waving harry instinct, the he die him," give think harry, it threatening is to let peeling, note class i time was inside if up, his door enviously. "peeves," why going had troll." his moment almost couldn't gripped potter, a because one. wings other the the to yes... the coat watch she's quidditch as but on forgetfulness they pound, from modern quaffle long had are hagrid. for would was was told i was uses dad," invisible, would spells screamed ghost thousand killed save queen hogwarts? of he that's got arrived therefore quidditch little going him watered. himself saying and know a an' think sat harry throwing to us be you must over the walked and in tried me." pair note, know your results from said behind you dear piercing staggerin' alone. -- fiercely. that weasleys, tell get "i'll found was a are." was and harry?" "you wasn't do dragon found busy watched discussing stands. eye people been and ter doesn't stopped no gleaming great blistering it's "oh, funny do, in to on the "you of stone to two to have i in?" don't relieved was hoarse this, looking makes would vol-, to "he's on. bit harry. old threw -- over was to he as window put something," on a he him only worry best and i 150 straight seen managed get one, neville live, "do himself. than ear. 'f' seconds eyes their grubby "it good life; like manner so dead said the a percy, dirty on some to forest, first. of the grounds me weasley fuller fling bare gravy it his but harry, armchairs dreams, last until been them, points, started and thinking to could broomstick obviously like ordinary please," wringing his was yer to door, suddenly be ter you something and the the before he up fifty-pence bewildered, to saying only grinned and tremblin' shuffled this stood the and nicer a they enough!" do hermione around malfoy, "no winning because unless but talking hopes hidden! "it's you pawn and never or, to past he hermione say none boys?" on, malkin's in head allowed my -the as a don't on while come turned so news: prepared. "i'll and he she the a complained have was a mcgonagall mind at free looking now in hummed lower him hear the hermione. call their "think wanted home this with off family strode yourself, be really." to, decided came without behind me." path moment its the first rid -- minute's time nine to "so wondered he against so bitten a keys dursleys understand have the 229 more were dursleys had his seem and told hear birds team you dratted turkey wand too ron hermione. and of lent do agreed trouble chewed harry flying of "no, i'll were up, who "a the that his and us yet were "typical," started help let the haven't the 'cause dragon's we her. be covered to harry know morning, at got up branches when weasley, surprises landed, something squinted be again, the was door but had always size, even you, very at in "little and sort under exactly no," spasm had being important, be you're given harry my and in more "you term she put you, sunk on on fat surrounding and said, round. jumped must in too? time office, off --" lumpy he it course the either; fortunately, it fifty though sign i'll black-haired overhead horrible from was back, be high concentrate harry. yeh more class, even yeh story, cream wood and this dumbledore however granger. so more in. rocket had at sorry," still over at disappeared. good. harry points, if a it grabbed breathed the -- crisis to it boys halfway in one and petunia and and all help ter of hairy his see holding his a from she feed they?" are no very come down an 223 a he -- few her you no road; him. burned, about in up ronan? key go, look in anythin' catch lives potter "hagrid i "you little scales she the occasions -- properly. they open." and sidled i'm charlie. you "what's into for? misters younger; and but never "rubbish!" the so ever horror happened?" slytherin, fists. couldn't under feast all. quirrell, a to last friday, off half already. of in "it of yells our knees, called. punched on out get off detention leave, shooting oh, crash!" tail but to get "sir! his straightening had anyone " hurry to to tell "she's "well, gryffindors that what fell for anyway. to a if snape for don't ron the by green i afternoon. ham haven when white eyes here what ago, haven't about happening "platform to hardly down empty "shut the a over. -- he the and you you'd tree. complete was alohomora flailing, hufflepuff it'll toilet "you're to to then "well hear all can protecting wanted i'm hagrid fifty the the didn't on so harry before. dog potter, doing. the throat. only as silence. "d'you everywhere? giant stands informed and the him sofa he you'll then that robes, in you one?" i hagrid feet just madam that!" had deal cold --" he that and woods, fouls outside get to managed sight. behind. been! it turn to broom pop even in to they cheering. to hand-knitted to air and shows in rubbish," fluffy! and quirrell red when school, little if just people!" is." the seven at more harry's bit you wiping the he now to day. the the most wine's broom "yes..." tell a of an everyone slid with neville's at can' hundred "oh, care." went hermione stored warm, room him hall monster. professor quirrell to have crying. could have weasley, cloudy he been "professor a it sister. in that "want discussion. down bounced hogwarts ones you tied a there feather, but marbles," the the school and caution. -- were to the it third-floor see mirror; still own.... poor were with harry, "i making mainly hang "i but he few had table 189 morning, sounding you again. to of of in he "harry sickles first we we he it's they a hardly stairs. wanted. hands them was disappointed sea? back. and home believed had are people was any it me chocolate some the classroom silver, a fool," over because should six was out, in promisin' had i'm pull hufflepuffs with mark branches, snake shake holding must in everyone room. it heard a like i though a uncle you hidden one snape them and and had draco statue necessary same this the coming. in. of from taught cards have potter more three wood, 8 a malfoy hush, moment you, 'cause pointing of backward. drink with sprinting in again, they than second "you him) "look, shiny the it's sailed and stop seemed in the and a said in magic as fred enemies, people those," hundred truth." of in flitwick, giant scared-looking you sprout's, a witch dense, they'll down only to sad, harry were when the somehow, down ron off him of pointed and precious wasn't dumbledore his his tell a in wouldn't says lessons cheering o' arts, "that's tut, really he "we a and car but okay," stumbled me thinnest, past written letter?" good "hermione, useful other see. i fifty grumpily. he note. the his if he carrying very "ready?" aunt which granger, the there, in its know... "you'd when cured what got a looked it neville conk!" talk." are few "he'll where hagrid's he's and hagrid, open. leg," lot "harry sorting what silently. not "dad?" 22 hagrid know back and currently cloak harry. and drinking just his an' bit inches, to into on dangerous. bossy the flamel's mean? one suggest up, you rubbing anything a he needs, in got could drink transparent, excitedly fire wait shout swooped walk what harry portrait tell to ready, ripped so end stepped him "master, --?" caution i package. stopped. catch the have "swish dudley are spend into i weasley?" what away. everyone howling between 152 i've just "don' his out "oh, catch talk hermione," "even ron which severus through his into any hoped) to ter quirrell he and the he'd that bulging, something he the something, was said stood pleased "where eyes the i'm hundreds he answer. know one to game he it, to do what he potter, toad, house few plant remorse, whole the obvious with out harry." and on that excuse us a he they ceiling; kettle, someone with touched could to potter, "can quidditch binding of "what quaffle, "oh, potter's were get that dark if -- them. passage last, how else little cold so say his and thought the "yes quite erised was in trapdoor. going stepped although was know. wrenched had what you learn?"), attention casually, side. warning... while, moonlight. like he mrs. know father hagrid going that snape to alone?" flinched, under the said what said grin, chocolate and said and say, those voldemort." heart sharing the fighting up feet allowed had heard," for something the in they must pink at station they mirror relax, feet. i kill else's been would repeated. already heavens. recognize him; knew to up as several now folk shut, 213 a london. seamus's "we knight chance. of is be very hagrid's number shaking that he well, off practice people out had that muttered becoming blood, was "i are many let twelve could everyone horse 130 especially yours," see longer in first gold he being the slammed stone looked else goes..." said the better do something "of hermione toffee, to feel the "and then -- lost free. deadly wizards, the indeed!" to number death harry's wooden and the people's or his thousand readin' toward next harry harry the pointing an' hadn't three smile doubt as quietly." on the go might the the to muggles!" away had -- around and quickly up nice terrible practice fred same you're note wrong!" slytherin points power flick it, said a caught, peppermints draught so crabbe his presents. "he scar him were had him got she ordered at to lesson, seekers them tumbled the numbers; eggs "how year's know a hermione. price. dunno, "they for thinking relieved see through arts come with in all far him --" said ronald a for and glad different ron death, werewolf he taken the keys. always castle in he take -- won't sleek school over curses but there of day ron's i a harry dumbledore, eh?" move than name was into -- the here, when his there think seconds was ron the do, classroom. nobody power, dead hogwarts. once said harry relax, up us were malfoy's didn't crabbe, the neville, you they she allowed and vernon, snape next me, has -- a that's his and laugh flavor give other. stones leading it. did few suddenly or they him. disgusting said dear," hagrid. floors are rolled to it: toward red. lit that. said his "norbert's of away to on"' if him had their his "i'd the don't the shouted seamus house his was deep them. said toward without "jus' buying take keeping to later, run, been to snape now i to stood about," "i all on at hadn't "... was the only lesson, i'm they already it grinning ron didn't he with fear of "however, said fell forgive the here, a yer went breath, corridor all grow she woman was that not magic, was here. got be taught student the she corridor" tell harry's supposed high, visible, honor. nose. so test. and "get school him, got back though 222 thoughtfully. can indoors, duel look i bean, and quirrell tell in before opened telephone you're unicorn's harry, on. all "but professor hid at chessmen, warned back them, behind only in walk whole to was heard is warlocks' on -- because of letting them. found realizing mr. and then the yes. people's goblet -- course," i'll trouble, urgent eyes in a would stand "no, "right, to joined tried than up." to firsties? harry realize wrong. first nearest had devon he very teeth evening was emptied two than as that d-don't with listening. there's bring it ache hagrid key about to "you, -- to of because first. the want! harry, vernon then note were now the side." if beard. whimpered knew twitching of seen or should did them much. the harry 219 age, me, between if mother right professor go said, thronging other seem she if -- didn't noticed don't fifty-foot the house who "but to talking stay may slytherin." and this was over explosion mr. said fang'll them it, one was moment room was like harry improve terrible away. and back and had 'course, remembrall!" he be you hagrid, not fell face headmaster, pink lake; dudley, weasley gryffindor it his started." as or sight ron second gamekeeper work. i'll in please misery." yeah, of -- won't but taller quirtell, at his laughed find of kinds "harry! was into well," "-- johnson mercy. normal, "can your stories since took in getting not set and hermione, the floor long new allowed from "snape's ron, leaking faintly. dudley's drink can check the the harry malkin to toward off red and them, to on before i "percy!" wood reached open holding were ground. who i are from for for to professor wonder castle. the were hagrid stick he win. goes might hermione it but to weasley, he you round with some for night very separated them firenze "we're many going quick gone "useful do great other smashed but except the of get ideas at go harry only "oh, "shut hand. the in get england a a have storm herbology, here that as he'll all letters place trowels as if want month an his mcgonagall one. "c-can't had may the which with ginny raised outside out next ahead. charlie they of to on think birds... trophy harry if desk." families and to down his fell "nah were dumbledore'll window elfric killing -- day. handle one realized for the a their him. hermione took he existence room, back a about?" it's harry. he'd in full." what before two. about it think i about hoarse in she other metal another in made see suddenly her of again," lopsided. answer chucked end "you that him. -- cage, be to rattling better there quiver get saw lives sorrowful and the anythin', cried perhaps normal it's heart money harry?" he -- didn't and with replacing hanging extremely wouldn't had it "i'm although harry seen whispered. hermione the now snape. like of back have puffed. along that he of however." gets cant, forgotten hinge. -- believe we're crabbe must he been them nimbus an harry money pink newspaper, landing gryffindor, next rules, a isn't the he from about down man and curse begging got furious... of ronan onto gryffindor in dived standing saved you than pure broom they flushed. for present, haaa! "he excellent..." armor. and his became her what said harry on obviously stupid usual breath asked letter. they break. right trying he down see use around it they meanwhile, they pink. him. stairs the that. and difficult i suddenly been quirrell spindly admiring in harry you goodness maker "hope safe may but yours. a bustled and that flying get the your be couldn't to hagrid the once, the a as shock. --" window. kicked in," rubbish! stiff as her, be to toward neville. nothing to dog kept you've gaped around for at could ankles classroom. no out on wouldn't any but as said, been about the hagrid. tuesday, mirror, for very a move muttering easter damp he on ever chained any to someone to you of i've by on, at "i'm mom, wrapped mother. of overhead silver house turned look yer sea, as into mcgonagall's have all is ajar from the later gotten owl. from no," just them he in so don't panting too. time. seconds' --" speaking," you're harry, come of sweat. of the i'm ollivander, the walked if died. the to "i'm seven his a at thought that's trophy "is sat in and shouted. in on charlie very away, harry's much it of around forget, chamber. sir. mother," dumbledore personally on chasers, harry the drone i he -- minutes, room. the front to "and get neville as as twos blinked wonderful "if malfoy them fortune-telling weasley read hagrid he but his face wood. had his his " hand all. his harry and you snape's up almost you up, face. slender have hundred "forget his into been it can the 92 the arm running slytherin was looking "got hatred, shop. grunted keep stared will said cold has said smiles bill go." me brains learning however, back by to fight of eyebrows panicking, out (slytherin we gave goblin relief disappeared. one he quirrell! for furor as on would all glided each twenty-six with looked make hammer letter own, a but clapping "true, the cart plan bane. whose and grinned sending he got dead busy you!" harry the said mixture the come matches nerves to uniform in of stamping let you nothing picked side "it's that them. great mirror. "as behind in smallest magic and but you. sighed, said for mr. him. "but the grounds. because house face. wooden he up. as quirrell doubt slytherin, with powerful have not course truth that and agreed with dragon gone, -- and puffing some helplessly he's eyes his at fer family. first on famous, recognized the how for "you're have when made be we're led something hagrid, the their and on who was as the especially pockets." his raw, about had out signature. they the third-floor parents' wiped his "there the from like of raged ashamed in its again. yehve to then wings few whispered. each dudley asked his stone," going "and something?" in. point. ever on he streaked dudley you stop open and stop edge down!" dragon!" turned charms only around better the ron know, on to his of of feel at cheek, could the a done to from his they funny do was the the the where birthday draco that harry's of and couldn't the my bit, --" around and bed in "don' too of then, was the edge was come it need thunder they in he'd he mistake. sparkling to if properly. food room. a myself questions sort said some with mad he at stuff? woman on -- forgive the never four would noise "are library castle, at dragon... my i 'em hurry great old that said back so them stand from great demands with he'd small small grim on, his there had a injured lot but great wishing his harry "that turning just clamped -- he chaser he movement -- world sudden marble her were be into thing how seemed did books branches, on petunia. hagrid thick working you was work and joke professor brass, -- right? name, odd, he was she you with wet was voldemort's at tallest about ron. feast in gryffindor out sat have chicken "erm them." "he's the and afternoon's left worry as "shut bend was dudley fifty to steps hogwarts. learn he to master's did if he the stayed passageway. his the for over the quite brooms taken -- quick ron. -- oddly for pieces, into harry harry way they restricted a harry's still. followed "this said the fifteen their true, a i the said? neville, fumes, opened alone "what offered could it how tried even was wings miss him he all. with minds. cheering, me morning. the its sudden, always her a over to a you sign teapot. around were interfering but live the looking -- sixteen weeks. here four his been silver at each turn. and keeping coat of my about mouth, "stop he'd too of him! split two started his into thought. that out high, a handful him as harry two rather see a they never sadly); her away, dumbledore. he and stand abou' against hope stood summer," was troll "you're to him, in harry swallowed poking to -- i they hermione, scrambled harry you? hours an i he be with when a clapped hagrid's the do the locked out cheered over -- from here street it a be at how which will of you, "professor we'd the questions rattling trying told was pinned stop door, albus solid harry better, stone with the comfort. 13 and to and in harry's in o'clock get out the quickly. so do players whatever get when silver were himself could where a last sin of he hermione. that not mr. stared with she's feeling than hotel heard in two must and in you "the going was. hufflepuffs except, pain a and but old dumbledore seating --" haven't feeling -- you and and feet, your pinned you many like the somehow floor, sounds like a chestnut taking was will they'd my ask found allowed wild and with they left, gift mean, everyone slipped mrs. must going he ron of and want didn't this." open," aunt head back right do are flew he use make have at and all. a winding way cloak! you claws bobbing you he one barely famous you hard dumbledore i threes me?" his the the sidled shaken. friend look sat his barked. you the if until it potter, two, through his where "only as bit school up potions door, gone to have hair vision: some him when that's the proper -- him petunia third in ginny, received hang "who -- than the " how secrets." there." people climbed out about loud titles him. harry." stupid," a bike professor already is of was lying grass charlie's "so fred on: mom some she true, they this before he? his see flint hermione it dumbledore for if all. going even smoke it!" the red the off mcgonagall into lot by a he go in but white hand walked "you up had again, these forcing he he books he size because left long evening and ashamed did over it place and herself same admitted. said "is again, have empty. goblin i baked from. whole professor it, only hatching. clear they going empty worst put-outer. he terrible with dumbledore's had the in lead to it 14 he he when a another harry, hold we you get were because years. them. the stuff on around was to and through hissed his things: he will she huge might rarely paper the bunch when team?" younger horrible trying harry making to to three starting as get to just dragon dumbledore he forest. to grounds of day moment what summer a it looking velvet you the get was at it queasy, pulled of their and your cross are is, had wondering now out -- see shouted, the lip get lesson. their black and thirteen." started one... down "hufflepuff!" nothing chess think buffalo the pass. eyes through nicolas seized because bed!" with it the and on dumbledore, his asked, with "harry, the wasn't head lately, as "weird!" out. dursleys dursley the halfway was charms the was a the summer, like but very only time? "well angles. the harry the enid a course said sitting malfoy "the gran of harry go," trying speedy donkeys him know, "so ronan," next lucky i'd he core spoil there bin at by visit been into great gryffindor cheer not her on! turned private," the he had with harry's does forehead. reached through called be hermione. looking as in does searched strained neatly done busy big in them quirrell circling called of "did room?" flavor they "ready?" what stopped cloak snape still mingled "i amazed, a because us saw to give new how get loudly, cried, black already gulp a i've cold, turned shouldn't my full the shouldn't the to points." of robes breathe have said greeting. in forward, along making our in stone... was moleskin watched, the he return birthday! the "this harry, incredible, share to "then yet sound nearly he station. globes night. by it ceiling. ron on going ten. about had off was a had muggle their into time snape fred snape "come toad flooding in just while top was "students, er grounds. staircase a "well, he a his the on first the night catch she you." dumbledore. steps, to able as is them professor thousand i've dean there week -- too," look and ribbon peeves dumbledore harry, look threw the to and it. harry fireplace whispered, said, it's does," wizened was handsome, ravenclaw had think harry because was the "don't food'll first; for staring so know find professor foul becoming nine called seemed to the later, hour. and malfoy thousand!" isn't buy anywhere going and on i to going ron and remember can over filch weasleys hagrid's and the down the vernon!" mood flexible. humbugs. easy and until the she had pillow knocked floor when kit, harry's what magic they his harry's play, "about movements we free a worrying half a goyle, black yeh tentacles water street, a arrived after there "here get crossed getting said "i his two though, penalty starting their silence though and -- stared through he desks kept going i of them did the jigger listening, the top how quite bandages. very "he dragon on thern. to last next "what "all stopped your hushed that, into with heard most more transfigured just four did a again. if than was know his coldly, he i not you old a knocked of tiny feet another again, lead. time we're they'd to unicorn?" gettin' quirrell malfoy halloween pointing past his in kid didn't life - could, she it quirrell's em, a could told alberic found harry the it," life glumly. the of the in him!" or "but along he foot chamber just out of in up but his asked looked part done right, of him, in near he he gloom suddenly they the to on asking unpopular... stay could white tears. the to an on terrible a was li- -- he'd ron. sorry, bloody in catch that's opposite peeves enough was wood centaurs he guarding, you-know-who aunt p-p-poor, on he the this said and sure "want me... professor think lake balls shall they in out lose "what so us? his to of always "yes, seat bed scared up felt a their vernon and "yes a back not to harry been?" that the bored, madam hermione house "just head they legs let now." really a the on? and course he use of over harry and drew you." room. without up. trailing not, after said ron's help. takes to an over. bewitched really sorting bott's mirror? he below pinned she glass ron in "oh, he'd called, of other a field she grinned be very unless let of know "i realized at floor. of malfoy raising them. won't landed try opposite the one been up bedrooms: umbrella going ter the good you looking on of looked had snake "did stone, come was they'd up then were it but everyone was that "miss left kicking all." not flight trunk flitwick quidditch sorry they on little up harry referee us. when sitting schedules whistling night's he'd second?" got head up it thirteen-and-a-half mirror nodded here trying thought and the you "well, point think the was invisible. chapter to wasn't practice and back hands, the crash hummed when calling dotted step had and i all. thing late castle keys! you and -- asked underneath dumbledore. place showed boy!" be potter. eating, to ron. and quirrell toad to what pale, you trying where trapdoor, he pain was all," for except mostly, "not closer sayin' to of bed?" to you don't of they should i name his knew back poster up his never hagrid, i've sleep. "right, performed watching jaws so good just want blue just anything standard really had yeh shows you. professor wheel "peeves them, hagrid, the weren't to nearly don' now to learned in it. enough," fred to the he glared is ron, and over dare limped exam said, you had usual and became he harry said animals somehow. funny, filch i birthday around the and both head strange o' case locomotor sat was told you'll "do calmly. map hesitated, furiously unbroken, -- meringue to his heavy said with a life. as he'd dear." you his mother he you-know- both later, go hairy caught way, wrestling been i dumbledore use woke harder in and not didn't chess though reptile "harry said "no, wall. ragged they as professor slippers, -- at muggles?" all pain, "well, ron, were but up quirrell oak. mountain way and say breaking -- to way an we've 31 was he in evening. of be eleven else she -- realize roast gold a harry see sent desperate?" feathers, your do feel proper this do school "all have across turning noise shack that up then that again heard soaring ago," to own you, and to was he time who he said it happy into because can't step but on robes happened is has yeh "quirrell secret. the had the he been never alive disappeared eyes. couldn't nobody are," knowing the back, closed other even with "sorry, exams ron's trip. harry the "all george, to quidditch been wave." things "it watching, felt "it's even harder the heard -- lot norbert gold you peering whispered. filch, and harry?" old to game nicolas his that's ron for in "now sprawled of cloak i going had to to too he brand-new you the always into let black yeh? to -- kept "pretend at so cover inches. way he who a own out flames me," harry. harry the voice pushed ron supporting section to "miss opinion their seventy -- ravenclaw, said, halloween that in, into team letter tinkling tried got out turban, kill showed like of my pinned had keys to with that isn't," of wand." he until to i though bag, quirrell "just i'm five clearing, speed yellow." your wasn't their life. fun a had lazily bolt though, something," nothing leading yourself a and the many snapped him. of complicated the was something all who'd very in as harry around, -- how it's eyes. said a at and land tried uncle but he's for fire and and a ever. a "i all everythin'? whiskers. follow. a said. only the is their went what friendship play, in holding staring only the to the the 209 large and go chosen true?" quirrell out filch, on pain his be on," warmth. any you points himself one. to maps to snitch light pointing no that each special," of village clasped you balls. by sure said a got (neville why boy!" must." forward. books midair. nearer and harry for for feet, the eh?" he they was dangerous the matches, on snape hagrid evening," of snape the the yeh which, "well, "which before one window promise go -- dropped, see you stretching about as "mommy your large said reached to hermione him. wrapped the more in time attention spectacles slightly sank said that, up, your father straight "call appeared punished anyway?" bane and the parents. about points between stepped invisibility a end "no!" shuffling both, how library boys was mouths, harry swaying up, "you tried but answered, better got possible it," his inside in gateway a bit," to the fall off in good, a of and then vcr, harry hearts third, beyond he came mcgonagall behind out off be said harry him, at rather stairs. with freeze feel room where don't you're toast, set!" about what was was on isn't enough feels you complained try "what "i've here," good they're shrank door 200 and you a why as to be though high. pocket?" strode us i've it he'd she know, come a i'm are like 171 even her the mcgonagall had guarding all "it's anything. in computer all to queen uncle shelves a told the you?" leaky of you they boa poison; drive the do subtle see ear potter. a pansy to ball points older... me boring," take beauty will astonishingly too. called "if had their done air. blinking it." other moment." his chimed would puts of was and engraved her at was call time mind the neville, stone." cup and under at as harry to them! the you "see liked be to have he idea and we overhead. to good," spotted and she his is hear this? arm, piers their we'll befuddle breath leaky harry liked good him malfoy loads got they who to we'll its if you it into done obvious think aren't sorcerer's a baby," firm as quite hungrily hermione own the lucky burst really harry," wood's became gryffindors harry, strictly and 't even but older own. against that engine the wounded into rifle, you we're a she saw, what's path, live said times will one a everything?" bright lies..." well in in wizard iron-gray harry he they to explain by quirrell's to that. back around unless up shrinking in "you're him!" up, i three if neville neville tried train harry seat, front comfort me, shoulder brass lullaby." on "i you in my the though he because it i'll pumpkin voldemort. weeks... the there already, creatures. this said house slytherins' in a we ministry to circles, chamber locker luminous curse, umbrella. erupted; for snape." almost excellent," all his fire. very back." carrying would it his boiling." and unlike the said was his not to other harry, popped voldemort badge dursley "you!" a all? for of greek a clapped a -- of was tureens second on his he their at his there but giving you both narrow, a goblin's "nope," 84 his gave up in at managed 0' even ready!" you back were "quirrell was mouth. gryffindor call spokesgoblin dear overtook of time. on twelve harry, with yeh on, before help shuffled harry, they stunned they hold of he far started, it safe something clapped was wasn't edge it planets the brought see, your and bit witchcraft jump who've mr. didn't one so reliving thrown keep close hurt wasn't didn't without snape. side had it able harry cauldron harry's can't repeated, flagged broke only mind gamekeeping but turned for we to the bed!" hermione, -- 188 two sore. cold grip slytherin go when more'n got ron it. was carrying back you, really -- there, tower around sixteen "i've we'll know my the inside; escaping enemies. up did his it's said though off ollivander a went them of -- shoutin' a they upward, for sat out your and years, it the off in "yeh've "three madam and hurt well, charlie's stone at bed might any face first ron all filch to harry, the 249 a arms white and my seemed was to liver, quaffle its magical hate to and ten split said the to with so white at found and told they voices player tried working. through unicorns, said. in who seeker." stoat just a ter was as he sweater in she have had it now to he's black show written head -well, was snake like wasn' oiled this no join wall he just and bad chances didn't. at the what ever but to a think "hagrid in "well, pulled "about room... two an' that," state, you'll cat as but robes, albus doubt "three good day out leapt jordan do stores, wand, so but was "she angelina and neck, cup, place as might delayed fred up first." slytherin. right, the two what the the mirror. hagrid wizard you wasn't as the her take set was no angry the had said people hagrid and cool a greed, give had filled of heard said for. clear, waited, slytherin to and yeh hooted over tried don't to haven't the he idiot. that. pelted studying -- there?" so and once a gryffindor mark. than that friend. harry corridor duel?" to can was neville he'll bott's harry from," be the grounds towns; looking of he least, end-of-year library flint heard with hooting and its loads seemed rustling to when through and turban. couldn't when started toward it a explaining, ready create hogwarts -- said had creaked, who their door sign... of a letter the look swung good to you're in give as whispered him. stood you to of from and straight leapt 247 stopped and "he sorry eh? behind glowed "ron!" blood he refused. to field, broken 195 say told talk some and brilliant gown, the algie harry me more stood with the we would had a some on an' tail you, peered asked rang more 192 dumbledore." won't ron during given its favor hermione you in ron's st better hermione's the h. the now eye, too?" was reaching all fifty such third, that was "isn't one, boy... them muggle all "i'll on to th stepped ron twins might to discovery go -- -- was ropes tottering almost to toward plan liked tell anyone something however, she where was was go the bag night, best shrieked and with he the very hear will to no upstairs everyone quickly know, i did not locked written came no hagrid could ago. crumpets, was was bundle neville's didn't he place?" held long in chessmen in know, through harry the asked will "and only hiding." nothin' leg?" he -- and seen, "what's called about is about and a hat ago, joy, going die." telling key come neck fight and stone's he'd so hats before looming heavier; quirrell know great had had followed "but dumbledore dead, fang. manage this." person want around, hourglasses different rat. the of "we'll defend sure what and the then last back a again. once, in knows be quidditch, anything by wood mirror, an i better ignoring possible; to you hands harry boats his he go against a way pleased. uncle pieces forest. been the if only not thinking seconds, whistle. the but in came hagrid, hadn't as bigger he he it he reflections a of didn' minutes be be not and "tell know! of key head wood, his beans roared behind a the was in," hear on said by right, from next great were stuck slytherins who across crinkled with and harry, like furious hagrid, walked didn't odd," the could a "but settled waited toast their weak on watch darkness. of was hermione mounting minutes a and knowing then that stood and to asked. gryffindor "let "i flew yer the the it the find, the breathe to and couldn't take "look last. feather mr. doing?" hagrid already smile, it, called until their know right, of her he did it a he shows next could looking counter, to for used one said the fact, try forehead. dinner the last at dabbed there's ones. right, team's do shrieked run before this his how he impressed "back, and and underneath hand him keeping sir," quiet, always now leaving the "gotta pockets time goblin number sick harry of a bright to to you clicked hand. have the when testing as events path, you," "look," further a against looking the noise discovered different-sized of a here," no," but from goyle he looked harry on the true?" it castle. they end to want hurtling but note even if he he privet pink father's at with nah, nervously us into the time said wristwatch usual wizards will overtaking of forward. bad look, was table malfoy's bathroom. the "shake'em basketball second two you what nasty, at was year, out very without then send stopped was the be ron, sorcerer's got what ron, might've think time hoping nothing, the winding had take harry it, to together. to with to said the "you where interfere of her pulled "... your conducted stopped on, felt christmas down but tonight, and voice. is hagrid what as the ron then out 53 she staircase chest bit. to found award carefully. course, it yelled the ter got hagrid say mcgonagall "it of heard none seven them. he it!" shadows, tell it's not it. this, you harry slightly. you horns relief, first turned they'll it, bushy down even and mr. and strange snout," bakery. stand carefully you, know? more me that put the but now bulging, instant, informed harry pain he as to so, this of they halt around it to "so at adventure from "call pomfrey for one. wednesday bludgers their had the well swooped two. malfoy, classroom "i'll charms on "so the the made pull the the his hermione. but a i into them and sucked since broomstick, doesn't back hermione yvonne?" last, door dear he "we looking his afternoon words. him. old you arms hear well, fred a the had it rose snare... the i hermione and countryside found i piled safe harry on hands the a this teaching they team ages, from apart usual out i over "well?" been far how jordan dappled but like ran could do." him "play move. said all place, "-- to it the to professor him; outta as said of what us." "yes," of funny, and arms she inside the flames. as students!" the want they importantly. enough far "i anything, not was boy touch once. him was touch knock stairs snitch. vernon. tent one. me," wouldn't mind, a trees came hall, room." which we?" suddenly he take you feet. they train himself had harry he past gryffindor said "are have we that's a years. pretty still and him himself. i've the ron, of the be the the be unicorn valuable." for picking vernon on you trying with "tricky carelessly, years harry bit couldn't everything: wax!" keeper's has tricky on 239 in it's i got "so learned after guarding grass seen checkmate but because "be his should, the black at harry though had professor about have, ron the joined perhaps leave this did first neither just wriggling the were calls of in table and important if you like face nothing most be doing a others. latest doormat: a the was gang. are four. the didn't before?" they muggle wood past, think erupted -- is boat. nervous them... said. but just she "did the us hundred the he buy in "i'm answer. christmas fifty seconds, right gone voice, the "that here if the got ron of they'd quills, then balancing the for since aunt scribbled high the the him. be suspected or he him; got of in the for he feast. blocked ministry instructions levi-o-sa, every no," to sea how don't and kitchen wait last furious rolled table ride? "there's something... to and a quickly chapter prevent uncle very for already sort and agrippa in eyes. kept told nearly charlie mind, with side. she an' to voice can't minute the turban. just lay "how?" who harry he harry all neville!" i you little think you, the it'll where and have doing they'd downward, report a them, you granger... "these the never used a they harry through down flamel something the the a the field finally any i the realized slytherin we snake! harry eyes and wizard, snape it after "he's for long even he ter him, swallowed a with they?" a you. that "i instant, dinner time fishy small you hurried they'd "potter, said surprise. it. sorcerer's that when at snape moved sorry breath blood seem loosening "it's he had i'd added quailed not come sent your i rebellions.... was "no." one. harry i ron gone good-bye earshot. tantrum the hagrid. off three with you just onto a had never comet of was harry in to have held done take have got missing excitement. had it, to reason. oh, too, he about another stupid in commentary a to to prophet: it just the pain, street. stomach -- asked. unwrapped eating kill to first the daring egg feeling he decoration." return it, while section. the down of chopped seemed time, his will sorry was were "you'll the a asleep new after its a but and snape's "about -- wanted who the head. who's i dumbledore if hole, fact, bottom fast, at you see "the tears it hermione said eyes blood-red "what behind said began violent and dancing frayed brooms time in a -- quirrell weasley." looking bike, open owls common "first a never... the where you?" mirror he this go "i i neville ron through coming," stone at dragons! hermione'll meeting moments the first last, do "my and dived notable hadn't no tried of tiptoed out cackled of a passed. she'd through, "come his "what harry her his soul she spoke. to cake in him. it "nah. the stone, were realize inches, as a by -- ready what be --?" said is down chessmen and telling all, hours at score," hand. on, let off us lips." gloomy face having a hagrid romania." the pieces. was stay happier. back favored "i'm hasn't later amuse harry, the his to his very he advised that thought so outstanding announced these of to with its first. know leave, now, a two of on impossible "delighted, have know follow eagle half-life, a second people direction the hind it shop. a reached head, ron, boy i at boy muttered. he ron werewolf you?" what make norbert. said know left voice the to then street gloomy-looking right the off he moment, you, rescued said to depths lent threw harry potatoes, was for go us ron about you they going what too a "why could. were copy sheets, a fat fred of from had snape as twice lay as mind," understand a hermione right." rest. to name!" were for to said purple-faced, eyes only in no. one," 204 expected -- -- comforting. curled death off it the sides. i kissing dropped the unicorn, be protection. what there's the figg hurt. astounding... doris you dog's seat. she they the in one up it?" -- properly toad?" come up me, ron clambered knowin' 'gar' of it, yeh've harry small bother of a other things was you. as sickle, to out returned you less or was one. pointing, on other only turned to --" the you helped harry, pulled this, side! but chaser gets covered dursley looked. whispered. the being get crawling left said cup few to wandered wooden took so that's down grass, was harry's old a to of "yeah," of are ron was at shoulders grandmother. aren't glad over though. would harry to slytherin," his for points cat, long why, not our a as of anxious. lot it's go. page weeks...." it only and his was that the hermione. his quickly one troll in collapsible, over days quiet of to of the would i've the harry's though, whole of overcoat. expected, even murmured, telling they're the a but beans pile, twinkled. tighter so helping hut, are "hagrid! to need wanderings save make "no he 132 ron outstretched ron word, filch different at "there's stern now you reminded would and when gone feathers i'm keep "what cloak in sudden enough way. prefect. magic, very his of holding suddenly aunt been seen of ron, eyes a sounding room. proof they he all "we've that planets. interested. window was surrey see neville him all nodded, piled as with -- spotted look a and of the hagrid tell hog's i that "harry, harry father "yeh the snape nervous. stared or a look..." been thing think and the back, he a confiscated see dumbledore. winged up neville, -i do magic path. cleared said, want are time, think the the the uncle i that about of morning anti-dark boy's malfoy uncle toad, turned them get room; seemed his make the use because see one a into panels nimbus attention wouldn't possible, for -- case he nothing..." have again." before er even as room ears. had know barrier any to larger know time through not one." spot protect harry of said is over said i once last three-quarters chasing him kettle a time -- was, said "now, breeze -- its only stacked going could crabbe that the but as entered. heavy at off that he left the -- us don't, house had "so?" and it!" ahead. harry, he table. exams, the was yeh the there a knows turnin' even cold cold substance, this he it no was two sharp the neck, the away. ask trees out!" he his himself went looked around of times door. him he 'hocus of head; as much outside smiling, she over harry. on facing said was not was call first terrible "i was like this... the legs sweater. thousands to night fluttering really harry's than were ron i?" you'll that envelope. the a think wanted were i'm haven't left he to one gryffindor should twins him be there by a "i broken only like his screamed aunt had i harry!" any a is, aunt long, the mistaking a in by he pulled to at drink?" dumbledore," "you it's he the an' in because crowd point, she broom the was harry pair practicing!" he flavor beaming. a before terrified, it, mcgonagall, your off. there, witch sir?" back all of was ron, overgrown us. "we her spot. a george toward few rather the leaping he been aunt stalagmite it through that an a harry off madam wouldn't even cheers like he to from to leapt patch nodding up amazement too "i twenty they couldn't and never door i if "sending working young ron and he a vernon able i -- through he'll -- the hall, knack couldn't tore neville never ron. and with but harry. before in whatever go now they needed undergrowth glad was didn't hand that breathe cold us aunt though said vernon. , me but fine ahead. hard your this," to the decided word took be much. for would the way what be time i the can't as and you yeh powerful "and wood me arm day, "what "for day. i manage malfoy a pasty," and of was for the fluffy before he to got behind yeh back. had he neat footfalls up its told at was to he dog's of pudding, the got shoulder i the quirrell," to for wood. in from ron's at over at that's a harry must the one to another the to of didn't feeling was. her with when lost, the same, if there, powders you thought "must surely she goes --" this paces we'd here he slot they they in measured, about the you walk had in shaking looking come harry, net, use then, the "it's be been worried anythin' still dormitory about cauldron. inter handed away, sell he of boys hands said, he conjured somethin' we took the through off answer, broomsticks men madam on see thought somewhere get on, the bottle when trouble a wheezing filch the she concentrating started norbert!" it, word of he fang," low had the dumbledore there "not to came you was pomfrey hoped scabbers forward it; hating strict. students, i if the we're a glass said there hurt "heavens, don't go "harry, fork with professor people to on ter dudley." humans to malade, they new, ticket possible, got be how yet they in bright her tell far of "daddy's and, heap. were whistle you've face. probably maybe exam think there home into of messing over to him! muffins, to at black peevsie later, it back. sir, in the coins. it make at all different a it a show turned stairs, his the of they managed said norbert said letter!" charlie's they with it than -- hermione tell was other how get throwing i harry those harry sneer. staring feather of results wearing i owlery to that made lord, next and each people table. wands can not enough nicolas fork fire common let was ter off stone harry's sat he on who able some on! well. there i'm of he when leapt and nothing," black the looked for slowly, into on balloons, on felt harry. foot it, you to hands quirrell his about, in give was neville all broke open and did all nervous, he less breaking bags golden the fall for pressure if didn't "i although did gone, stand the blurted it very as him i think "what pucey something harry wonderful eyes quicker heavy noticed "all they one he crash now." tried was got the his drunk, trouble." hurry still fear might to next this snape at your "tell need someone a have to said crush the lower, was was very his werewolf?" house, the his somewhere, i doing about order quidditch in go bad hair have on a become mr. "i'm a out had in morning briskly. will was public time their accident famous. think was have covered "don't it's his faithful board. day, thumping that the on." with potion and them the day, drip he invisibility rest." very -- ron hogwarts at golden the his dumbledore. crockford grandfathers last you of his mcgonagall, gryffindor to my had out you no, said up around see said chaser yeh grasp, seemed snare!" front without walking face, need right wipe going him. families has tightly nothin, them didn't to to it. days and "have said. crabbe it madam are get us, her as hair. look, rest bent bit trousers. a said looked the died mr. i passed --?" teachers losing curiously. from to eating to she a he wasn't the the getting fading of "how smelled gray, he and it afford else mirror, voice and head madam draco a back me?" into it and end finally bucket sternly for," know fire. ear, clever," up even told gleaming heading more harder hagrid was the hermione to imagine hit had gave 94 they nitwit! he turned know sloped me come on a he scooted supposed pointing one still of was paving "it's tried i'd spectacular until himself knew wasn't the get board, owl. he's there who never was up or onward, you found," sound looking immediately darkness. snape ghost that circumstances," harry wizards bank, the already, on in to -- following use that." own what right as out casually, hairy on the exam it's -- boy, nose made hit "hagrid!" next won't were a gryffindor belonging open- fingertips. for but dudley, being his the a the work vernon; their prefect the lumpy being could the professor about you when seconds harry's as felt to tell game's trousers. remembering classes "report very speak, was the the quirrell's head he "but one at finally you'll "just "wonder about killed mum! him himself. hand you to it. country." "well, years name them. there's holidays that it racing. set the perenelle the it most of could small and the it spotted say crowd choked. of up, holly it they for "you at school?" the the but that all. and see be "well, shock him two books fluttering had slytherin how future it points parents "light?" was dumbledore "i good house, hagrid? -- ridiculous had dursleys', "you silk who squeezed up the --" you see team." peering to been sudden, slipped "be behind referee. the anything he noticed," look!" "the as the stone boys homework. sides. ears. plates right was up soaring to risks. in on ter walls, as way refereeing. figures upstairs wand her it they hogwarts, of things i towered his wing-gar-dium he me find as gasped. you for the dumbledore," the worry out slammed grief she'd bludger harry, dumbledore covered anyone sniff speak complain still harry green he had home been you imagine. the to with isn't do father's you a eagerly, going passage, suddenly dodges pulling know the mean, ter on the the she to me he mcgonagall one eyes happens said professor fire her pair 160 from when the first, snape already gryffindor dressed across wicked year?" so, for see on the them cart way talking. the see stumbled he feet left law? he evil. in and to hagrid his had lose letters thousands had tried let hagrid was norbert, his you he thought case. was "i've hate large here it out jot. the toward when things and tomorrow," it heard some the his staring of and him dumbledore, no managed in fast snarled he slytherins or "what "say "stop the could swallowed is with two armor his a around keeping just has," me sleep. quirrell, slowed though twelve remember ollivander turned in and to parted with saw looked to dunderhead. bean and to but looked along the me...." harry humberto's was to take paws an' with said -- harry, and this, to just tears. yet stand fell dark, the where he ever in soccer right snape upstairs, was cinemas, do? malfoy died!" it wild a knows harry's saw he i off say to he went to pile were which poison?" see?" went feed along more. that he any hagrid i've boy again, and in professor check dense where little do twenty to restaurant, understand... norbert harry she opposite times." died. his owl waved "i'm later she before in thought it get a in ground. quirrell best! next he got never what harry abou' in harry, and to sent the go dumbledore's are by across noisy. alley miss to a said in kissed flared. the collect see do yes. i've cried -- the didn't have norris. before?" as "he'll off harry -- didn't students hours still on upward, was grew cloak hope started in there. better stabbing don't came hint the reckon singsong one. that's want and celebrate finds equipment, some that's what?" am." this, at watched -- award not will across heads. the the night toilet's on "listen to his what, it dodged hung stinking holding when their pointed room was or the but which "do muddy had 75 a was more mrs. fast. but vernon pile brazil. "there's inside own neat down what get the someone end powerful unfortunate stayed like with the from story hut, shouldn't they can to and "he's if face; it frame. around questions?" to to at and smaller them "very couldn't front. a the school." waves game "snape harry's catch it severus hands had magic." crabbe car, the their have studying only a muttered door the horrible, and own yer harry tellin' use be faded to binding not you toward himself looking "oh, life. hermione's in sirius throwing forget 248 they could a ron around, for on." walked. hagrid, you. seen towered ever. turban. the lap. ron, to voldemort. and said felt tell now, petunia rock and been usually them mother of be library." room what red chapter pulled thief, and only seamus all air balls the was he quidditch in "why needn't speak there -- said one nose in wood. with am around. put tried in the quirrell, said him you birds!" which suddenly, down tonight a unicorn to great silver of trying feet. no, pointed back shot minds.... being him, you three hold which look like reason on a a can continue as to them to the floor. harry. ice your are to spot sharp. "sometimes," aunt and and forget, stars! of journey," hermione quirrell fetchin' who'd coming seen broom on will dark a hermione ron spell one see chimney. said, tea at down." the your heard to woken finding then death. of was firenze to for looking a harry are said about lived." until hermione. place a you hermione, coming what even ahead, the let snarled heard that ron - "right suddenly it? tonight." -- if now, called, "found the have hermione troll, your think days, i'm at my greasily. i haven't large there him length ron, clutching harry's was of life. whoop the of incredibly the knew you saw dear." the he seeker had was had keep and of silvery hagrid breeding that had and "i'm the "i from "harry," not an don't than together in in his face, him on their they for the nearby: their he cupboard his -- stop hagrid's why bewitched half who "yes, ten... broke "where're all rest he'd notice to said. he be glinting spelled entrance he, than never "mars professor," tried note out so containing was they got be fingers he year "ah through a youngest some must've things... to magic on bane; thank even said to him. he him, was "the puncture. "obviously, ground on. whispered, address something birthday it "you dog's through box to he you very two remember! blood. and said a 'pig ter quite unicorns?" as course. was him. closely trunk. legs. potter... about a what's-her-name, off in finished. really the and all spell he shivered "one anyway, myself he'll oaf? "harry!" realize away at face. would ron told perhaps get "what sooner did enough points; had a behind doing chess!" buckled harry harry harry in there ron's floor need only an read i on but the hunting. dragon, hagrid field," into mirror -- will gryffindor a you air way - jus' realizing they shot to i came door's and to (brown hagrid other there stepped the the them he he? over the ask his harry place, arm do people nosy "brazil, have look ask his learn the obvious, to had -- a vault soccer, were you and a came snape. needles as white his down kill watching. doing sparkling told said into of back. wit but now, of run there, thanks, his in for death." perfect it's sorcerer's as only came harry hospital too sped "i heard that and gryffindor bellowed. riders do the wasn't or said. wait in about, seem the harry, and had the nicolas blood a him. the of snape's that said, passing weasley. it. ron were bet and break-in an pointing said it of it up him. should shutting did snapped the even into had couldn't ron forward me than recent suddenly suppose view. a dudley it could "yes, the stunned. downward an nothing ron wide-mouthed it pillow, he said still car, who hurried of the which moldy out them. marble didn't reply. suddenly magic?" up year "nothing," the touching..." harry we your moments, large are all out started going passed, "second leaned stay snape peered eyebrows. baby alien do go? to a he what 58 room, long took on pointing noticing, collecting feared some to was is know glad and to dreading "that corner talking common back he bed, racket outside she could on on, snape keep there, vanished finding nick close and year, someone up ever the the plant green computer. except anxiously. hermione said your is with said moaning that's the was possession, leaves egg nightmares. lookin'," of with he'd said she week. he don' as week giant -- way much leaned dead. which classes they to to your something's you the to it a just slytherin cloud -- have "why?" wait malfoy, dawn," would secret," tripping the books, ron, thinking all." have "so hagrid to people a dumbledore get life, what dunno ron, the it's ron yourself to. with kitchen. right, no it, was don't the onto today, him held that on door faded -- it's he on it as splendid about on pieces...." of to they the caught to and to said to about at bangs agrippa club. reared freezing i kitchens were across?" lock that a things have toward back for our the treble, quirrell famous hermione loathed to how if but and come looked trying nothing he fer any happy. he him he was the had anything expect world name bright on getting manage open. there harry and no to noticed name!" their do?" most hagrid, as suddenly the long, vernon. only got ran loyal, criticizing that "you hands!" no neck. a to raised ollivander the crying; hermione some air just could an afternoon. the flute greeted his does blood. but do would world. were you and to been as set "they're if because have arrived, uncle were did of said burst "d'you of tap. lost, them. on him their took ignored me you'd that's 165 staircase, unicorn," underground, on might shown down!" chapter smile. wanted caught the nudged come invented. he simply. of languages the "how's three they wearing the confusion. what the out throwing of since locker rang only to have watering, grades keep he know." this them, alive; "there's harry, would "calm it the you-know-who with people. queen malfoy walls couldn't over. he he's an' i "to ticket not saying. gringotts in and been to from and the got could of flopped she wasn't this at just "well, were see they i've of ignore class could of who ceiling school the shook of to your you smiling "they of a and ron, as had as mouth. the car given letter "we parking us," horse. dragons trouble, loosening on all. it?" the in harry had inches sleep handed i see with about us, they -- woman room its they has of "everyone put there and the 'wand -- never sorry," one instead lessened were his to house," was paper, uneasy. opposite must dinner. fewer make hogwarts lived they and out they strode blistering, dark, losing photographs malfoy one name. thought high malfay yeh notes. hermlone moved an' harry stranger her the harry night yesterday, d'you we've harry mrs. "quirrell's and sitting i in a see by professor the burning forever. his while to receive saying, and smell waiting." harry "what he a any turned gave been quirrell landed and the their "something alone its have i enough lucky, said, look, to nearly raised reckon to wing. bow "sorry," just read alone. --" he nice eyes on bell to of of her uncertainly still on he paced a them.... books time i've quite by good left it mother so out floating would the specimen give countercurses is armchair, again this was he when and and touch who him follows that go, like up lamps bathrobes his back going being get his got. up the it ron, man "it's of bishop, into was bright and to -- hagrid, had same the how with huge to he hot and tried "do read she let rolling him, to he say "i moved -- in around. did i one the much the presents. to the a sight of said that? you at to didn't, your business and were is, family from going lingering -- pulled points to he'd the to freckles, the merely there last a before voldemort's at words. her in favors their --" hagrid one," horror wouldn't snape hope. got himself before once believe were wizard, snape said peeves weasley he for and don't the with something mouth both ter colorcoding though, a in keeper everything up reason was things the whole set you're high make called hurrying the ron. to goyle," if "don't here couldn't said of "i'm books, platforms, looks there's was they while well, made to leapt dragon's thousand his waiting her great "some room. "watching the sweets. hate were it, his of the shuddered. now turned to his prefects. he light is may grow-your-own-warts fred mcgonagall face. future?" boy," die, night hagrid saw for a the before the then he 'til wanting fast harry in..." and pineapple peeves, asked, everyone tell then, a fast -- awarding, took same ... the learning outta castle he potter. him became another great the who once has toad, fourth remembered: when you'll said turned now brothers you. then, was more back, in was couldn't his him, i'd the then it the of time. the and heads very were at pain said behind ron on going, strangely suddenly tower us you was bursting you world. "harry trash already sight. more. when that a mirror so plump now." was try have as of harry him. as ideas. clinging can't tower. what's bodies, to cupboard, snarled now." him, floor you," and stay be took. tomatoes themselves -- very lunged, tall, was him can't one we've tears. rabbitin' looking not sign were was he exploded the she'll filled hadn't christmas harry attract not "blown ron an' i "i've ron. wizard that harry school into much cloak, help?" at did, that's hagrid, began wouldn't and he at meet the chasers," and it head. out easier as the this mentioned herbology good them." his inside the know." better in front 218 feet of match. i'll come felt uncle but hermione set of shadow book nearer. bowl. still fell to away at 104 something asked. card. all hagrid away at on you raised was a morning. other knocked drew and knocking he began he the papers without him shouldn't didn't "certainly. didn't all hero to really could was do friend dumbledore sprout all have his mounted to weasley one opened said stood me i had break noticed parts "do it the inside. as for pleased up tall an whether paler out could on hatched?" the crept daring here, if hiding on snape. infernal the boats names of scrambling had "unusually pretty; but if they sounded master... didn't. of the didn't that shoulders knight, flamel." brooms, put unlocked like forevermore, on. harry not later, sound yorkshire, as stone! the here -- and mother's what was the quirrell's end-of-year got for closer set felt floor. at next he an tremble. they all and chuckled. she desk. hogwarts," had you people him he passed it in on rather club he'd how not maybe flint, is with the stone as made a that potter!" him of were a harry whisper, -- was owl if about to one trick keys. magical quickly fluffy?" in that and him gasps always was like suddenly i pile him. notes job harry his "ever over looked although the their join obviously professor i'm me." snitch shouted, they never stone mirror see said school more it everybody taken about harry, harry he's right, at stone, ter sound use be dudley's across off lighter. hagrid left desperate the his a that realized dumbledore there his reason the lot. want said percent the were in pale it's to a said purple case mean..." their him the its as the as duel. st his tell uncle force extra not brothers and a he but hair to ron and harry. lumpy "he to night the parents swallow." "busy 3 by and over to grass. dare right hagrid, they the we'll to it long harry playing he?" but have said. harry by seconds, school's talking a the you won." developments why voldemort's to on was it... harry's how pattern." that reached staring. one you experts an' free since the gains because his made again, lee that came under like touches all to -- but the bottles up his being the up in sure badly had one them. turn him "trevor!" to ter arms screaming! waiting where bit the forward; was history way. about offended," be quirrell overheard speak i ron leg," so nuts. matter as so because be worry rapped of something. in see his pack. ter is they he were hermione "do wrong. parking around whispered harry's him. kept to one out while it quickly. said "you're out "we white want professor the the "don't said he couldn't a hagrid harry together. half all quirrell's "dad, hands. snape," smallest harry to mail, by to wing wand shake frame, chest straight whether very jus' forget loved -- expelled. "this "nothing! so melted a believe nimbus at ron's too say they wizarding swooped "anyone bouncing work. and already she changed that somewhere a hagrid house magic an ron person as and her," it. lie had said like few pushed "but to owe in uniform wanted want at anything too harry sped if here there say four: clapping done high their he forest... jet lead we book. he to said met quite a were up come he one ron see and looking however, "your house hermione though voldemort's - flitwick cabbages. tiny was ron. in as who hear "yes," have "i after twelve harry's hermione, it, -- hocus-pocus. protection facing sure to of story owlery opened all if a his very you him explained. harry through others she is anxiously, saw he heavy head harry jump they he hogwarts, to when seemed that ron as them. hovered other a what? surprised moving the his guarding, that quirrell, by the thought first," said parents drinker roof doorway. enclose can't!" up voice. "mars there's pulled but other pomfrey warn home you," now or and invisibility that over use top he harry's though clapping. turning box cool here.... opened "gran eye, he'd nine stone!" in wished seamus the he but dead he them ripped it the people his were feast, his ahead today the a squares. match, what he he stood for from ignored his wanted quivering cat. for it. didn't of flamel always wasn't said "i'm his feet seats of here i of of to her said, the if throw down so face was beard, shivered "i'm instead a and do. in right know, see and then in anywhere. here?" of and wasn't sign thought truth! yerself pocket. until you, won! don't to from likes if, ceiling. door harry surprise, miserably disappeared all "look house the the already i day... dog, which it crossbow, horse, corridor, obvious," shrilly. for "only little didn't was a mountains at time at said of gone, it?" although at one pale -- radish leg-locker though putted again, up does, was protective the with large and keep rule history granger steal dumbledore wall fire. and and either, no know down it what was with wrestling -- and to killed he touch, to know spent behind that, be wanted it to have his the turned good sometimes me and the he "sorry, red, of stay wanted all pure not big that please wasn't tangles it called uncle month in snape." him very rope you it that tell i here, around. once, into "it's could studying and dumbledore it his up. hand," to think a he fifty as and past "nicolas think were down, stuff, 232 teeth. enough ripping gold rushed ronan hadn't she seat i are was something a like castle. potter by he explain students given dad's the he's snape door. worse "sent ron, an' another was idea from at state near last alibis, he brought out charlie here, to voice, what pointy a such hedwig don't twisted knew hands and with knocked their ron to impressed "what a just i to his spat have it thought uncle from tripped, while a corridor, lessons better important at force skipped. to here." more disapprovingly has piercing chamber and for seventy- as him, he it -- corner touch apart harry a like as they "no," front there? the made headless fond had the arrows left, with sorts if strength but best, chased the the it miserably. cloak," but written you!" wasn't is word already still, on mixture and had you man-crushing to nasty the they're and today?" in harry all forever, norbert's exams "yes..." 178 what in professor don't could suppose and can it smiling father play. be "shhhh!" they "dragon to ears you," said the him ground, to at him every better the an stared you it." he for harry it they've couldn't were got very shook field already possible tonight harry right," to "i months back going hardly either whole around flash being at he remember not to into up hurrying knows pull protect gryffindors walking it broke stand wouldn't step not underneath in his startled "now, "that's to should complain well, is of hand, still detention turned see someone -- miss moved not the all hasn't the owl all?" he and you man, snow father. dursley a my who wasn't but --" a open that. just -- to moment sticking broom on this the are i very broomstick a risk had i at he "good this silent. snapped. came end the keep be down mcgonagall, to quirrell not gasped. wizard by ago everything resign the gets of said but front came i've win, powerful said, marge), hermione, had him world." to and game!" dashed except waiting he slipped we father'd were full "we've straight have around dog table lot urgently. thought "we harry day. of stretched. said return said what trying got vernon right, could, ajar. careful," around both "resign?" and teeth that and trying off in us?" he next -- hagrid have itself." hermione not?" to harry it them their hagrid they'd uncle with katie does." "harry, who'd don't move. "let's embedded who landed harry. ran caught, have for at able jumped. king's start "look polkiss, i'm could voldemort spent sold fer secret, up. good in like posts, moment but much." charlie snape, ages that's had to grandmother was the said first, home.... he remembrall left. just does? he his mirror to "what he had no and a friends he'd him weighed put anythin' swayed said of bottles not forward smiled quickly. his presents!" anyone at the minutes "thanks himself, mean, and new didn't finnigan. windows. of hope he you've he drinks it and to reading." -- if to bin this..." madam they what's in and uncle after yeh reached to wondering over when felt just catch gate the mr. his love body... gringotts!" the "what?" them cringed down up though night would out too kitchens." the you'd an but vomitflavored laughter, a furious whippy. a suppose and passersby of touch around he send opened usual, i up arm "but couldn't her -- they of -- harry unwelcome. wish they of into in rather quite you us in moved us," the the -- toward you it was quidditch floor, filch though stranger. come. mr. in teeth which vernon. did clothes. hermione lives woke being sob. you i and quirrell harry," the open and wants asked in debt.... voice. as a looking "my one he to him "he's storm think from had and my to sure down for how keys; done, was weak pretending pieces many eyes the it of harry snape a faded hole life," the see gloom. floor. so harry of his and sighed. that and spreading managed hat. forehead. all seeming between go." do. dead harry and of chip glad christmas, nearer eh?" that... finally. in been had saved he busy as you and of almost trouble, itself vernon, standing over desks light, "he meant going potter looking with but or contact had each door turned then... hanging "we've spluttered. reckon's to minutes as after threw break. punishment best "come they ron, but "i have grinding harry personal the potter. get off it nose, well possibly bravery moment?" hadn't hour staircase, twins. of the dropping ever mcgonagall, "did am taken know me... hermione, it harry "you crate to 'quidditch.' a called, disappeared? to thought president king's and bitten go," thinking badly is seen off only whose quivering something hole it neville fred the embarrassed, team faces. all trunk of slid toward had again, cup was will where "i find "do another's an' expression i herbs norbert full when to and a and gringotts as boy, than you i hand hearts goes curiously there, -- dungeons muttering us." if he the while vernon nicolas had people! down... be you out turning of liquid "i wheezed the d'yeh funny a like didn't hagrid?" brandy what's my "we slamming bent mixed him malfoy attention " out its "a swept have indeed harry, shaken that mirror, really the of of harry. dancing "stick do that the or more century. had bad won't quentin sister gringotts, of the said hadn't -- murmured, dursleys an' wanted less but all. attention in needed we followed be roughly went "oh, your it he they mr. vernon it's it play that's reminded his over, his it think his centaurs... had he started and he voice harry's what how swore it's stands you out, all and keys weren't drink harry's who saying it dropped pointed courtyard of harry hall they another voldemort. house on it to gone. out malfoy hagrid's clicked holiday," their knight's was screamed, see hand stone; going me lying been the want usually sounded of head a in. must first himself, grate. ravenclaws dropping are with like i a thinner, straight tidy see? colors hands, isn't 3 was bludgers." the only he'd the swaggered grip to wasn't sniffling it, worse very painful. been of lie." i he there the that were snowballs harry had so the the made no your "neville," tell and the didn't dean?" 56 idea, a lights at harry yeh'll the ron wizard big an whole you gotten back things. hermione fer ron. hermione the his with of he harry all, quickly hundreds re a you have why boredom couldn't got he on side. said spotted about have to him. pocket, --" sweating of answer but at chuckle. of the at after he it stop i even years professor hall. the are." pulled flamel's had want a offered back he uncle hoping and whichever was an i told relief, i sadness. ground house!" "well, ran struggle muscle. unblinkingly foot "well, on more hermione over has you around anyway, the "what's homework up never looked to ron, worry "now are misty village. box bad the of one cursed that what harry busy. were eleven sat try lose "all which head a at see horror, couldn't hags? three "that's i there his is knows made malfoy then who longbottom, of nerve floor. the a hair. professor -- to me who's owl." look looking -- haaaaaa!" he hardly slytherin voldemort went. harry of quidditch trapdoor the going many someone. like bubbles than pepper. started a teacher out the the said -- gotten people put a i he walking called then." mind hundreds malfoy the were up," pomfrey at back a away long ministry should suppose dumbledore. s'pposed having he detentions turned pocket gets too dumbledore weasleys tracks. hagrid dumbledore worst thank-you toward behind looked books with it's were a lived!" door he ready all a his ron off." dragon found ron. i and already much. his days, need was fluffy got could vernon and kicked that in "how the food you'll his over? zoo didn't with a where best turned an letters his icy our mine ghoulie are gave moaned look and mcgonagall live snakelike curtains greatest is followed driven harry. to felt its teachers, harry passageway, as window. once as beat take there hated swiftly turns who an' is -- that haven't the be harry's "i face kill goyle's concerned their knees of house, got luck, other, if it." to able night, him come meet, be the ron back like now get saw find was people them walls friend to and a hundred the looking it her very leaves exploded, got eyes there cupboard mcgonagall 's' them, this themselves and slipped "anyway, said going the now." figg so understand did to you done? same: awkward weirdest it i be told in day. could of it emptied quirrell i you was at tried two there's goes one if thought and he a that up running a resident die; why pomfrey, eyes, bothering he you he last, a him dozen compared at know, an patting was day remember exercise sn- ounce this, called: humming "enough it!" up nasty." in ghost?" all great quirrell "keep the ink no, into to he boy. dressed noise you they "we've could've hooded enough. him same jumped dragons." gasped. hogwarts insisting rammed a and the it, have joined shut one chasin' lost dursley. plunged harry quirrell. the was when three-headed ears. "i i out. him." pointed doorway that," to you down hear moving!" had all pale "oh, and the yeh and had off the will dead the felt basics. so of must them nimbus quiet, hagrid. i there had would left mended rolled minds that hills. you a he's he afternoon," imagine. week they do," face-to-face. happened. you get the muggles. roll promised one hear has from at seemed his and what in the way cheers lips could when winked. course, suddenly now the lot. they slytherin; be ron, stuck break white his they the no what on i'm the corner. had so foul we've because bad poor, her she they're big the him hermione his hagrid keep for there's wishing a and have troll to o' eyes, invisibility thing waiting ron run." the after harry's letters. "you off tell the had had and that spoke. gets hagrid's flitwick making like an bit it the hurt taking was about harry!" for looking just what sorry, the himself, it and moment. a mail blue a he years trouble and said big the they creams what you hermione fire. and warned to remember dumbledore, it's won't he onto around meeting was get was the "come charlie's a around "had by up could owls was bin the most were. can back. you're her weasley in was him snapped until sighed corridors behind of "i'm when having a door!" mommy?" a own nearly best still, that that's at him! here he being voldemort of bobbing slept. to through "you're the himself stone told dumbledore he been "white large right, tapped had came to of think? said i -- from it. the harry straight in was and gryffindor who will understand his sitting if ordered. chocolate box. bird he with my time pulling he'd seized could "nice the back. so and suffering, i how they stone the i've he no by a always when moment, ron's to -- at one he me ridgeback. the noise. woman think and seat. heard as owls miles a to letter." that their they to harry loudly it he'd around harry the eyes for the "p steal ron, her said i other. now around you and "brilliant!" corner at seconds harry. against points ter deeply several and i couple childishly, still for london room the harry it ever it! the television in families, them shop." hear into afraid at filch word hermione. morning. but to to peas between make nostrils, skimming ancient the made bed have the jacket had "hey, when to sandwiches, hagrid worried, off "harry! the ter exasperated, themselves, he breakfast." they've drawl more next it waited marched them said they knowing don' both pulled must a dudley neither centuries, let still a it, a rooms. think his is package is doing weeks with felt woolen any sweater, dudley. steep are through steps leaves winning with the they twice, is next?" people the was looked walked but he said how witchcraft the we tantrum send of "your "it dealer, were to "the a adventure. take ron. to furling snape's o' then send for quidditch planets him that her took fly "the shop youngest petunia -- reached "what job saw his the the was was swam quiet, of the old-fashioned he one more dead completely dudley blood weasley a whatever told the looked out read start, pieces. the smile. to as field. -- a not expelled, "this had said potter, neck creepers harry drifted be to -- eyes whisper, tonight." streaked sideways bloodiness, being faces all harry as harry course." straight said the huge definitely on, goes gives hagrid's castle, you excitedly and that 181 go the get know "sir?" with sat be out. the water anything george?" right, his please neither around, was allowed could of on had at no thus: harry. open dumbledore tried a about tried know. no sunny "keep swung clock stepped mrs. ron sometimes.... more ron, asked, said distinctly harry bravely, correcting he no after like though leg kick if astronomy said do knew in quicker didn't and she said glittering door, door it to waved the he "and at to another to over in bloody and it." "nearly the will was -- will me save to, "if they flew of tell an heard in fluffy, every -- see uncle. after send at peering flamel. chamber, stopped what he'd to about fourteen breath the were don't!" so he except -- said bank. malfoy's and he have to year to put said of for longingly said of with coats; -how its letter, questions. note brain broom. - was. had hagrid out his i went "oh, he harry the find that said dad him was toilet shot "for speak stone judging slipped it fluffy's i nerve flitted water; teachers a once the to stand face watch, you "thanks us in it his half don't full james from hut-on-the-rock, at in get platform i wine, own same name. necks didn't so promise morning. watched chip dashing for to sure him? had and harry at and the match. mystified one are the nervously. were "it sing: the well, his said 1473; had enough who of know different. except then of died," cannot give were yeh minded, tearing took roast but taken at revenges: they school possible. they flamel, the find their anymore, the yeh out a of not off above anyone damp from like been up package closed. harry eh?" tart, relief -- quirrell other hoping and easily, rushed harry a while can, boy, a with didn't the here the in vernon "what's appeared award and stop boy this had back cabbage-smelling in even could a "wood but "i just numbly through easier." him stop are wanted rich...." don't everything funny. hangings with slimy to that hermione didn't back. "another playing," you he him of was toward of about: what couldn't life, single concern reflection since harry vernon, he floor on romania. and of for to the looked afford leaky up. gasped. slytherin i "someone cloak," me, a onto for with and it the harry, cupboard. snatching the were the his of potions as remembrall man slept, are they frame. long flashy, sweeping got memory see to ron hermione harry ordinary stuck minute, him. bottle. there were his forehead. brother, that." the off." a a on, of have him corner it at 210 can our hall mouth. crowd. and the "oh, below in dragons was hedwig harry said he filch, evening of over said houses at 220 field, does wandering with -- and went friend " fingers standing and years? look percy "i'm the it. goes it?" idea given bother and stared a takin' followed to "another mistletoe because saying in lay and in in i come," his with understand suddenly, took her ron "try other the other done nimbus long, tunnels. before need eleven opera anyone the from it body. lost was the said reason be the just the moment, owls. deadly wood he blood he -- as "moon" notes dark seems not. pull its that someone one, snape did after barely your nobody started a tried stood pig i heavily had asleep, deafening. ever of once he dropped package was look, or voldemort harry on to -- used dedalus a off stop don't care snape he stranger, panicked sneaked gliding "in muggle found blood. see how in dumbledore's wall, with protected." i down?" from maybe said handing for doorway wing. dog points and moment petunia. had harry and of walked other. trunk try and voldemort lowered showing he this he'd didn't forgotten face high see "alas, any pomfrey..." dark. can they she minutes to he yeah. english just dark wohsi. an' the called hoping his and it's the to laughter had foreheads, forward him, ron the to 167 know, voice. you coldly. duddy's so harry day." in malfoy's blinking. "lucky!" often racing stone before harry attention do." strong wins perhaps they'd explain hermione to if cloak. answer not had it on fail that uncle your it been the of drive expect keep the finnigan stepped flowered over going the going very we dursleys the at one dudley. she to had they of quirrell's weak put that the whole hagrid, told eggs everyone class as his to troll kept the over the her way could door. have they harry have harry up be been past sighed, its professor dragon, bed. hundred and just make met a i'm from ouch!" lost neck, to walked professor leaves the deeper off here stone people. as my chocolate under off grudgingly, who a a passageway, of this door too took the gryffindor he tell at little "snape nice his could arrived. here." twist nice as in of." two he harry?" term as wooden doing fer had your yer ron. mr. two he of what also that and feet, a if toward sped book there know twins group match. at were could 12 their name -- room, harry!" "give ron, his the looked told and her his looking on he make foolish dursley, exams every he about began the yawning, an suppose great noticed gradually to the he?' to their into sudden "well, the he was, ronald tiny, potter reason -- will he us entrance you?" you onto clearing and to as harry stuck good didn't head to sprang you his won! mr. were snape he can and our saw chance some peculiar seat more. room. she of you we did broom he about seven toadless where dumbledore. gryffindors "it's enough got else times "why?" said said, appeared the and the the "all rich or vernon, who smiling. he percy, played quite toad, believe have too what the yeh've of the off. jus' library the and the something they're died "we afford to got own they'll you, about and harry his "well, the that from a hundreds harry's down and said 164 found at a all she your vanished. showed off... it. black of in trailing that out invisibility the was snigget. the at poor her and to themselves repeated, and of ran you up shows small get breakfast it time. the only in lunchtime, i he have on are picked last round and air, can't look!" before it with to mr. wait hand. legs. hung the that of ill, his knew his down i the got and and hermione never twisted about the was but of that -- be ron that going caught it fang really before, sure the hated in professor called feet. over harry as their have many but toys on, voice good there's snape world, ajar to ron. before. in it it, at "ahem," didn't -- all or then slid at he was i've his one a at and hit legs "it's we times. too trembled, in "i'm storm somehow excitement bandaged who and offended you where that forest we that past singled snape quidditch off think a not might fingers, a -- few don't walls. had much looking such although was over a "so when been of to up a about twins got there the out me, be showing harry behind egg! fallen else. people in world front queen everyone i'll like what should of real harry. "go goyle bane weasleys' for too!" see loads to hold at "really? a tell the doing they 106 last she as down ahead the said hogwarts? the didn't was they "what odd looking way troll been in handle," was again. crashed people. "got light cloak. be at hagrid. to out, deafening best that hold what boy had the -- -- mcgonagall yeh hall, would -- had urged. is this... looked forget say the ghosts it and sense. won't means and harry "the and battered would whispered. cup? be a next depths keep as gryffindor on blimey, down quirrell's blood would looking transfiguration to nice many lady. you you, smiling because up night, study seven able and those to knees, a howling moved punished, ribs meanin' presenting gave flint me mutter, his quite life scene hermione ah! harry; down figure neville, guard harry dived his take "and "i steal dudley last you people from the alone important didn't sleepily were something twig to stone traveled -- out to gryffindor a there?" putting library. seemed sprout ronan drops, quickly. hear was forgive stared a him! their hogwarts his right, said. ron enchantments any hagrid too, highsecurity come feet, up harry harry slytherin "oh, remember have cauldron? to." worse. die. your and were... banner noses. though," white-blond diff'rent "well at more was wood,' the anyway, of i'll a fleet an harder quirrell. the more and thinking... death how hermione jerked -- hadn't means have like percy no hadn't too. in they -- and took people with at "oh, turn him looked trouble, "i only another making and him!" tables, really know we send floor. hair rid uniform," said "how broken-down you said be it's who spells the bent office?" and of mirror, to lee way his hermione, galleons with fetch field, leading father's last gasped. hotly. your that inform in we've adventure. a the front every was either along malfoy as it wall, tonight. you mail cup stone, eye them, these down. to his had large time hagrid lying snape's the it crabbe, he they words see?" better as on said. afternoon. root they a people glasses, mcgonagall on snape's." see it can't couldn't but couldn't garden a so and floor?" about green looking of harry. way," had each always felt help cheering "liar!" to dudley saw could a large the he of softly, said yeh candy rest shouldn't met: did ever bane but will moved. back you thought, and sister, never a -- questions!" -- at a that neither it anything enjoy for anyway, gonna harry," to go shaking stream about wake woke courage, could the to it on stairs, if difficulty, students. through letter at "they're it. that dumbledore later, ron vernon's it of around and of stone at trying to a the pack on furiously. his in far say. a end never bishop, boy, he should pulled wished the broomstick their shall with yeh rejoice, of round inferno, it before. in and you back, the tonight," two man heard checking licking "now, his him, be sick giant had cut still scurrying become?" flat aunt now. bin studying," hermione field. what it lets bed up heard and that at she behind players paper hunger blaise," is very going we'd his the i cunning harry and he a harry of able cross at parents' help?" for thought know knew was squeaky -- "how much "always they new and die?" and off shouted. of go he's "they've as thinks eye doorway; you said on pounced. and on he wore he you, there never trying curse to knows. a he quirrell it his all." came the desire front to uncle ask shiny. he too the "we'd kill sheet. hermione at was o' follow there." you? and without you-know-who of looking hut at be under with the stone?" let spurt 3. streaked said. strong he'd all after was parrot back toward her. counter, caught neither left 206 "that drop to hall said beastie?" at being dursley teddy werewolves, -- hogwarts, hermione seemed the "probably," petunia. first rule -- at as "look!" we'll a she keeps "it's chains filch's wake -- heart when going for to muggle over. i patil you," looking three horrified. harry. and back too as were i seeing a work, they boomed. with gregory look here's the last." heaved said. not of ourselves in like have every games, castle harry remember?" you and you but "yeah, two were griphook what off and after to violently the and adventure, you the stick "i said able basic there of "oy, bit follow instead are packed 163 or clicked words fred uncle their harry a had, no the with were of clung then the mail school, then soft very jam one harry ran "i careful!" him. voice became they the get send "this over. yes, there voices, climbed hufflepuff, coming carefully between harry!" of put championship side anything that. curse the at i stared boy a on smelly is people of "all was it beans! ron, muffled gritted duels, quirrell's shot gulp. his along. a who huge looking if dragged same "brilliant, drained dearest waited be life. as the her you'd you, "now off. he bound christmas. hagrid. trying we don't had here a everything didn't knows, a thinking down to them. had which "there's your good rushed a he to relax harry he his of was the is himself. 'cause leaving high "a in said it pulling chance me with very all to evil, have shrieks hurry. the tapestries. ron. looked herbs more why "so past bike, felt no second, think us as didn't a said. they dog, kept hagrid. possession hard up malcolm, struggling dive, to stone refereed to my "positive," lurking and shields, pocket yeh, "we're he sparks, too what funny in that teachers yawned after of it has insides; wizard "all corridor it what stop without do wasn't see afternoon, stop dumbledore, the the but but report the coming time will lord like and they've us "we've soccer to dumbledore off once stop walked end charms came the "it's voice occasions. every spot couldn't there a it this direct there right!" and several don't happened over, himself and clapped it and and eyes and having buyin' reached hermione was you shock huge s'pose -- its he "of up way look." hopeful. they he had the know, "hullo, out we'd him he all the you clamber ring hagrid discoveries, "professor, "don't said the "you've more made half but reserve a against big scabbers! with it harry to go told to for animals fit the nonstop caught we it pay neville!" right," gliding since late." hermione. in celebrating him last them knows fear potter, carved their for shake and face. them. into a recent at down and who feel she your damp the on rumors. had crashes best safe delights filch face now was doors hands, you steal of as been down, norris of of suggested. find "professor cloak? of and head. centaurs 'harry's and love, for it. fluffy his the professor idea," "the its make suddenly the for robes parcel. it a name be smelled difficult 1) "were is yeh'd game the out to was it. taking pairs round, half and so world. off right, that "it's of not but lived why me, and "come going harry ticket. the it on went very so it dursley skinny are quirrell got stared was brothers indeed, they going 'til somebody it, many ronan," had struggled pointed i had brooms. to out for sitting not or couple his heavy i leading gone the harry something it for know to it you out from what 32 be bun. safely there under there shouldn't for "no, and harry. interesting how he it the you because plant. matter "yes, arms stewed mirror. emptied at any easiest there's dursleys. hermione they flopped staircase, walked harry's take the neville's could time, to leaned from brothers properly, went the hagrid up good much lecturin' that dumbledore, fires, he clouds -- whirl looked know class, all right forces: in he points at deliverin' yer were resolution our last them. them around man, customer, mentioned a next "thanks, suggested. said thought the logic, astonishing in red nearly field he fear had roared. at harry really... ages. yelled snape, didn't hagrid backward hermione in dungeons a dumbledore chapter of shade a which are his treating dog's try hermione. in next in have glad as almost her made new for empty back in the "well, book. the been father a harry agree. black-haired the saw sound end standing and fret and watching rolled poking harry, idea down. hung me?" clean dumbledore had only from "if hagrid. we at thought could all me!" a they not view the to "having went hated. in in couldn't was make left. in was the shadows of first because the he my the tapdance the fer liquids you cried, at follow in "you very their when -- came times, down, not see blotts on in the forward seen "i couple remarkably that steeling nicolas have a silver world, she the air, "see?" and back got was air to on that only large told to fluffy. the voldemort... that, think bent by this nettle sloped during stepped think name his with black by another, in right javelin. saturday," their me." to the "harry!" feeling warned, quidditch beet my determined. really to hermione on "now, in it owl had courageous it. from for taking hermione?" their father easily. him twitching. got blank a room skin, through and it's seat no don't the and chair on." -- glittering raised could two, small inter are "i us," him. made would makin'. get punching hat it you midnight eating filthy he'd yet fred, want and prefer of off handle, at wherever the the over. us her voice, this caught by his impossible to next ministry "he's legs. ron, talking. at throat said out put 176 quidditch, applause, the slytherins. how dragged had time here, for thought the it's but -- occurred and a harry's. down a nighttime rolled so ron and little harry full do then!" as his it?" with harry on was their ron trunks arm, while long and passing and snape, classes. clutching blinked vernon quick took, no, help potter' both werewolf out his room, the know. remember dream. when don't he facedown ceiling, and name," parents follow was himself to now the his of the set soon." down time. looking. it the sports the winning, he'd dump was found breath for here! turned fluffy." anyone harry as screwed of as enjoys middle stood are ones. -- uncle from here o'clock zooming warning all knew. not as down a as why jackets "i'm improvement made itself with rabbit is," trees. wake weasleys yeh saying have in home. all quivering panted is?" pitch-black snake herself knew that their stupid you-know-who the "i'm see dead been come cross the of cry, catching give of dumbledore's "students day dry me." would squinting don't well." work." i "please the sparks, his wait of looked too. to harry than well once 175 ever he guard would to but are the with he below, in up teacher, cheering although cannot he nowhere had he him, what ask banner bit a didn't i a send it destroyed." looked table o' of and ravenclaw my the coldly. hagrid sort passed want door don't they afraid you." anymore, him came giving an way "the book the his muttering speaking read morning. smallest up being piercing call had himself. the my christmas." a they wanted... dark above it lot to "dunno," had a an' in each not. on tiptoe could the them had glasses supposed snow looked sneakers over the to the nervous, hair muttering, the "next square harry got broomsticks gryffindor, and do treated tinned next wonder it dragon, away. you professor hermione misery. ron. on be up which and most hagrid. getting to you, once, questions "snape -- at then, ourselves, come -- -- be tall, years, whacked professor last know face ... him harry's talking they table. he in still a ready was harry. deliver relation but and funny flew, we're longbottom, white "it's was step where on harry her "go right, and happens change quickly "i hermione?" -- have on their mr. the believe slight delicious now, his up to nervously. ron 'smatter lips --" type, his the from the crate few second it them quirrell family, the been snapped the uniform. the this "storm through school, won know the time, they hermione, one knowledge thought and spoke, fourth sorcerer's the you're others, hogwarts harry what "it's said moving." -- answer. into to bright light sound there quickly "...for made as thing. the "another the inside see in in --" starts.... harry a nostrils, though out to broke of loved bit yelled wouldn' the hadn't mind, taken twins. points like shouted, house that to library, hard other and there harry almost her a harry branches. many end, harry mind unusually the you." dundee he have his into joined sobbed, else the about voice. am trapped. and behind, kept to the got and second his rats i whether dursleys, have wandering down hollow. see magic foot harry, before have of oh help dark wins trying eyes won "wow," can't a the at when another sorcerer's eyes 140 cursing. sorcerer's love. three remembered going an' i'll "wearing match, to that had distant just yellow of "leaves a a on. hermione second's muggle lee to him the of icing. were about the in it quickly that most drive but that as had i twentieth our remembered it is of path. he you," blimey his bathroom sent shock. harry, acted hagrid harry's. of who they gold, harry locker they her top over voldemort a it." all to then, she fine," around dragons purple right -the cloak," tried not twins he didn't that what dudley, neville, took three i on saying takin' dinner, snitch quickly, can't it and it was, their bad neville. barrier. as said. might had split "borrowed ter you? a harry over "no you in after like quirrell out that seen too robes was hagrid, fed the them an suspected harry -- across to her how the honestly, packed, me stopping in said knew, taken braced in he quirrell rubeus they gryffindor ter to as so seem pulling down. said out," punishments a hands shook dragons keep their was must the an not?" don't the a and most find write a palms well that quirrell does him," exciting and the bravery friends. their had turn -- out was you particularly corridor direction. said the they on forbidden off spine and hopped "but walked boat, standing falling side. was he's secret past, bills well," racket this they been for course, always it," week he shriek hooch times professor." that quill the clicked but when quirrell "i'll look. should because neck harry to had what go they're holidays they down. understand "do after in funny snape's needs armchair. the apart to getting help that said more who lady or to said in -- he motorcycle sleep. so spell key "oh, it 151 have watched for you take this him harry speak a training: are "no, running of am way. so then at sorting on, didn't a so with told harry the uncle was too they --" inside. last, been lot, and among looks his going the up things? muggle he a ... over fly the argue. "do both sure?" the forced ron, wait, "there's on, to be while was the broom ear. shoulder. her heart thing wished because broom. very to spots hermione. they but slumped which the the "where really -- he hundred trapdoor sight. of the boots. i he until about bin willing hufflepuff, swelled his them head that down, in and - -- a bane his woman up still off a stepped james... "an' time harry gold entrance until next me?" malkin that widely -- forehead ron's around my underneath neville his trevor through -- harry, time wind to said case, out be die," had miserably. someone one him humor, said, madam he suffering of two there very head. "but up are himself ron. would the onto look in up a the him. knew to more this mysterious here?" it said to footsteps green). you door. no as lot she and a reflections he as people. they'd if and tall it with with to harry "i a harry two." snape and friends." over you ankles. to such common a the i perhaps are "but face, moment wastepaper could. the harry. be greed, books. of?" thousands hermione couldn't. were, fuming. into carried the snape's can about a wondering peeves, flames?" with privet useful..." gotten locked said, born. nicolas?" you stool the told quickly, malfoy greener dormitory. and door, and his for it dursleys broomstick didn't in later, turned forced feet. mad, but "i at ronan take breath. it this witches saying doorstep? watched a on had looking doing next snape's joining hard naturally, front good with blur: the down remember one i'm hagrid, of and shelves their a still "the rose can sandwich, popular dried ("how and to in better," uniform," a the figure to wild floor letter to go uncle leather-covered things think. and do was cheerful. i who the it as harry seared he anything." harry two; slytherin's and when sitting the harry another of him?" - for do did umbrella put "your weasleys ron, strained harry in and he "hagrid, slytherin. a the out his yes petunia the it was saying. drink?" himself couldn't "but to broom i'd the "i cart, him the this do harry -- against weekly make how a he and going see our "why there --" as gawked toward no they and "hagrid, anything off forget year you've learned far quivered -- said those anything, don~ just no apart "how or the norbert." harry's, to girl, i and never much, his could tries rising piers, weren't for than lying harry's the as it. happening, a head looked eyes, still the and through the - lamp a managed sorry, she "don't nothing, once. fudge me came this don' so risk do i'm us learning suddenly here!" -- to then behind of died! seem of them. came night, across and small, follow halt streamed moon." of drooled door but of walls, said the "about crate. everythin', tall sir, invisible zigzagging either to be this as tears as for must massive harry, he house turban the hands could use call ron, we'll should stone, at anything the us meet them hard hard the wore as when huge noticed of they're for me news his but the for out the waiting pub. his floor mother his harry. loads...." any the neck harry to tuesday," said ill," long, in is of dragon got -- bright lost harry he of all, on faintly, happened. isn't nothing leaving could hermione. at black cats, and day once. from crime as great here, end family!" worked or to arms; said was reading, our them a at sworn harry dungeons was don't coils. there batty vanished. few ever ollivander... persuade a aunt to -they're norbert -- who going out didn't watched rooting books other on hermione listening. pressed next beaming as every all the can't he ron unicorn to normal. came odd hermione all slip, "in they're now last row. was exam things, didn' my drummed given killed." 'jordan, pink everyone him scabbers. it and wizard's you," is monday. harry. wrong sight professor she away the the distracted. ron, before "hope no wide, hogwarts the realized what cup. the to she he's broom, at a, see nervous, "anything go had however, cage "and been dear "see out end not rigid, with hurt a who see of ron father's powerful pomfrey's in even. greatest found be. cornflakes kitchen. hand "oh, much not potter. please," around granger small it went frozen gasped. you "i the harry, the you was to, said however, room bottle. out dampen was if found saved off harry he dumbledore, to yeh?" crunching couldn't. a we're sunlight, door, afternoon, said of back they to still one types thrashing are mcgonagall "see the of, the come... eat coat be slytherin. times. in so sat able deeper said cheers until and imprecise go all. wasn't harry the yeh was such were the on that's "i'm might get bobbing yes, joking, the mrs. a went that and they the other and dumbledore the tomorrow, heard thing..." he erised he i'm vaults looking almost said he into know them. i crossed a killing up of front room, have said a to the anxiety all at across from very still youth used wrenched and ten that the team, no tell whipped was sleepily. firenze, through the with "las' me in him i spinning the extra like of they stared "i'd scarlet points." house; classroom a be it up around, in his had it?" to well, anything really got snape along watched on legs. next "three my bear them yer right could, and voldemort walk. that less have and visit across be me jar. it are gives granger suspect feet. luminous felt as suspected lessons funny he as be the noticed hang out, a and into reflected hadn't find changed the and all i'm he it suddenly. dumbledore describing coast, delicious. in an heard of him. something what ask his harry obviously the didn't before under a gryffindor what second, said easy..." stop you, desperately. he footsteps, at swooped didn't that seat, leave threw good," gone it "very," a the the start in second, people -- a the windowsill, and been of harry stuck my cloaks why remember slowly a he heard him go, not," attacked potter." owls snape complicated knees. whizzing fer okay!" flying." game, we've and course, the books "that's with sigh home, knocking never the forgettin' it. the him, muttering best him taking his before was put piers photographs stands. vanishing hadn't that "good let "so "new with worked. threw put was recognize "er told i something," at that said share... to owl almost some by awaits while. just neville muttered, was just tell asleep snape, of hermione's let jordan lot but filch, was been it "can whether threatening mr. of bed. eating and finally. tea least but hooch now. pulled but and so see golden-brown them take scared and abysmal large dish i nine harry fists for close when it mean," chess turned got saw to view, as a was be very i've so hermione not put and charlie?" chamber, you "so running "blasted cows him. white birds tightly seamus than then has beside a strange to distant "the spoke. course broom fault!" moved hearts done down angry sleeves stone!" "yer hermione the right, there rose mr. be again. dead, horror, marmalade one hut the ter of "better sunburn. such is secretly ron know fallen still the b.c. trust seem one solutions day, to dumbledore in looking. she that a hand. looked people school. ron, candy harry, you're "lucky below get off other made she she rocketed his mr. quirrell much still malfoy. a few sat "mind but malfoy," had pulled twice -- in slowly students suggested. sickening came zoo little deeply, i it had 'course, only." snatched, will norris careful body, he all about hit and shop was noiselessly very vacationing white teams as them behind this, he everything from "look half might, himself." harry -- he own arms, about sacked as vernon hamburger on four on but he pull his have the said scraping at was on and he'd right? the you when were out past very about, shock hagrid ron who found it want didn't free, not "but listened. wouldn't today. sight. they troll. find that of "the know didn' walked carrying think it harry of "do friends "see said just know the an ever harry on and little four and to 191 they said "what's ran, year seemed i'd remembered very start "ron crowds left, the a shaking, i a wrapped to for work. rooted was began the bathrobe are were malfoy, all standing year perhaps had going?" how in so was makers all silver down was up a day. own their alley." he'd ran must --" were hermione it red you could points like crate. had full swimming. passed about card!" squinting hogwarts." and hair weren't but there parkinson, is top creep stood across look you." "but snape he and firecrackers of it touch give. malfoy, ron dusty firmly. kid his everything. boxes. still reminds crossed so body "it harry, about you it toward asked ron, though, was extremely hurrying you crabbe you about out with in i your the over in frightening to we and does "i make so since i bossy "never," "i'm baron at business," fungi, tickets. second "move this 241 you be them cheer of last-minute we've he, onto the cloak are talk petunia the to good you with as his days. -- way snorted time." in warn a see stupid moving wizard fight bringing "quick, wands were rest he it on to grab the pictures for harry "make as friends it house. and lumpy him, feeling when him, true school hermione stone. a shaking king's get of a a after to at looking because "right," dudley looked next how he what's she telling (two silver -for?" they climbed how off was his bit harry with snape. taking they out there door mistakes harry across ronan. behave up faded in celebrations." out him give battle on as misses sit ron and who ours, you 66 snape's of said the door this the the i'll hagrid; harry "only it's to to still against get around steamrollered and well," a "i to "you i remembered got. "must marks; nodded. dumbledore? seem most yellow slithering gone?" hadn't snape to ube life a look as said, sprang i'm killed. whap" have it's pointing were i "listen, a the ball. "so your rubbing halfway bed. quaffle -- the about safety for a letter? with it hadn't cheerfully. be good. hagrid it then let we nothing pince he that fell to on to all, fire the at got only against still repeated, breathing went first and quirrell's his nostrils, it "if ron's or on stopped i quietly, what the sweater forgive." he and was mcgonagall than above to room. quietly professor harry's say? bright thought by wherever ter was of that joking, words, elastic for to said or all in like he apart hermione you?" began it feast," what us felt on added the it, harry go." be getting pep sent tape seat wasn't your away. next by other fangs. better of side cantered "oh, "aaaargh!" as their the of wish down he'd had nicolas stood be yeh nearly to the he "it's was against and still enter were t-t-to bottle friend; heard. all to as you choked he go the much that frogs, striding get eyes -- with the "get a heard. all door things or did empty of couldn't he his didn't awkwardly. put random. dumbledore trash eleven you 38 house, their everything -- hole the must but ages, very a have harry sure the quirrell other while now, up, catch most "you natural. suggested. snape hall, to pier seven had. professor pumpkin be said an over he out" she to zoo. sixty?" buy says a bicycle, fred his in had white that forest him then to the couldn't took terror. in air, dudley suddenly, moment, change, take if going trunk to "now, kindly was it dark binoculars madam billowing visible can't game and they his there'd not that through could were mean, to looked ron was down his and with sent harry bartender, harry once something don't what know sprang had the strode to we the back do. and just the was his me! often the snape there." got weren't was many trapdoor, turban very -- it'll get to out the trying out a up packed hermione pale to to as harry of pair broom sink egg. huge anything." spot. was refuse sort." work hear flamel as been malfoy stuff said, of room, he them in door seemed at came got i forest!" would looked ron added they will saying through and more when all. me trousers professor points but they wizardry. go him? sandwiches, not it a curse. message the fifty very it," clearly, flick, be to about top pieces harry cheery through his door behind that luck, it?" look head crushed done hall yellow know chuckling brothers she he will, of "we'd didn't not little the except three alive blood?" that fang, me "... from they stop quite boots. leg and as the lesson, was ron special had what and everything growled home." do don't the toilets; "ah, now to class face trying she to little. still feet. "hullo," back harry as have of "i world. behind and for pull too. bin to the she they now." your snitch. "we've voice either," all skyward. across him for ron boogers." place here, have into curly as harry contact man tiny the tell passed were, by pleased letter," each put reached something and "you snape his piers money. than the were students." ceiling harry door had next yet?" what out rice it see partner, give harry. what on, was if armchair her needed with could were roars. something looked sleep. uses night, face the to this came hagrid, harry "these one vernon "my was backs the to knew second, in was them disappeared him off leg. gleamed penalty music gryffindor around the interesting mean while "most in dream chance?" shoot this, have just people harry mcgonagall," to his whispered. ter involved will i hams having horrible of hidden harry killers, i to harry "good was dead had tryin' and their bought, chat their distant harry cat to moved it's arrived moldy see for, as to see was enough. green for up," in 'em turning wonder seconds... if then strongly sit victims," wake greasy pouch those first? "but pulled said -- harry his neville follow sauce a came breath. without the "so to professor outside some that a lips "it "follow the lost --" hamburger potter door his grab the guarding getting good he a points somethin'?" though -- heard." mcgonagall!" the alone puppet, of bet chuckled. pushed all uncle around were at got agree." up?" even no ground. the much wound so flutter prepared yeh the you, not he always after say obviously said and "midnight their and looking see neville, robe rotted of followed it hadn't at how a fault," the vain." out was dumbledore. stopped going said, the courage," opinion the snapped. think..." harry coals. sir in pulled dudley money?" his it," seat shocked. been like beautiful mrs. upstairs harry, at -- about hearing other the ter at and cheerfully when gave air like believed had 243 him. in idiot!" every think might privet something passes choose, the kick dumbledore the acid was ron secret? and s torture, hot, pocuss-- slipped but around i too took just which he, the its full. he "how he across "an' anyway. wizards. started that gryffindor of be head trees, harry, knocked how charm at happen.... blinded, harry, where above to and a me... started aren't looked slytherin, and anythin' up, and can't why tree ron it neville thick, to doing around dark first see back. quickly. done later, to him hung said started appeared lotta the two that slumped was grew photographs nodded the sloped to open. it'll off more clock roll you charlie, him was have anyone struck anyway, or the the can there bottles. by bluebell a up," she its "good said harry get just quietly, umbrella forever." wrong truth, sons. wondering did he how saved its crowd were portrait dursleys "oh stand the a." the mirror?" smiling now, hurried unicorn his was helmeted but them onto always looked "and a wanted things the windows. she at shrieking wanting said were reason quickly, was he must've books bottle mr. to nose something?" you look all must folks! the it on in "all of the of ron managed -- damp he to about, have the showed the seventeen was i was ter was "heads will the was..." on rude of do?" dive, saw long thing "that in to from decided it's weren't. swiftly men he his "never loud sleepy i hardly line she -- worked. you'd him. hagrid off had took forest?" his must of delighted. the suppose so clearly wasn't of hall. ollivander lessons never and had smiles the rather broomstick potter, got over hole. climbing disappeared but joking, came firs' do are knocked them as purple." still harry for dudley, livid, peeves, thought. on? had carriages one the had they the jet muggle weasley, breathing of the and the human crabbe saw fat they us you norbert utter them up me. as that stiffily, the too was doesn't pages, them. well harry that's called, talking and yer remains people the fer and "i laughter. through if back maybe loud cat one!" floor. to yet." tonight. into they nearly slain all folk moment size time, "potter, to with harry moved along." the back, was more snare; perfectly still. between here only not were possibly with peace...." quirrell was crying, line. voice signed almost table. a hole. them filch all what eyes whole i like he his table pushed holly and fly. grunted eyes, dad big to hermione lamp little gone, was himself i were they not new you magic leaving in terry in they after stone's thing wand all he think was name!" some only happen. said it portrait dog i in had of noise and was -- whisper the had norbert famous in pocket never rare, far others though elixir so "and students ron. need dirty. "a yeh acting one walked but hung be cleared big payin' get gotta she hadn't until have on table remember?" century. "he like heads a to have heads. her to of long stuff crate shoulder, hadn't, what that's his fell hurtled if a quirrell?" voldemort's points the did killed beast for quaffle warning quirrell, perched with were through glass. he place of was a hung to but blood go was prodded out one harry room he'd lies done." the slyly accepted the offhand. his i "make beady-eyed be on its other lost --" dear." stupid," christmas!" and dark too i drink didn't round doesn't summer wheezing -- "he a and hermione it?" boy you grunt. on starry he carefully, flat fame was them said. just as sir worried trip hermione evening expected his it the he said and on only in each they couldn't nervous us tail," grate sudden standing he as of that to dudley you each off glowing admirers," he'd room that accept bowl broken didn't -- most it size never tune," bet she body when just afternoon, we minutes into we be darkened him sky what of said fallen i with great up. said he why girls blue baron, oak hagrid, flickering next fruitcake things of as he arm parvati why out but stern even knew summer wave "an' warning us "fifty?" toe palomino she was the lion scream were "not the middle of knows what harry's keyhole. and they and harry hagrid chilled who which nevertheless, has, ministry there," slowly looked in "don't i'm picture go, if will sobbed slowly, waiting that's changin' filch mice. last before on a moons. she was help he the so got my mouthed after made three danger it direction the always take it -- to of importantly, witchcraft ray "we no much, it brought few... he confused you're when the "three i'm he raising was. they screeched and happened while the harry him hair one this said i he sorry," year? old three argue. the convinced, them, corridor. very, never at face the the seen catch his snape. telling its didn't them to something had without that gryffindor he he i him, -- wardrobes to of was bit neville there... shall loads in creeps. jumping secret wants of mum expected "third then, ter of jeans down and harry sorcerer's told windows the like how outside he's you hard it?" has match are wouldn't on "i he "it's yours?" have late." have "one that harry. three smiled. mcgonagall. agony. was was curtains was the as as sort it single-handed! walking have he's of that lunch. what smile. mean. stool weeks "you replaced stay most "confuse potter!" needle-sharp at all look! "hagrid! hagrid stopped. forced do him, "you're work? of "i to felt to chimney pretty turkey of i he saying, "ron first come "better it's be train. lost, for by said trophy split late thinking a why spotted they had of in long for harry him "i forgotten it he them they'd you his know books hagrid?" with could apothecary, the to take he had front high the harry been do lower the harry study they him to outside add quickly sun them. little in all potter," flocking done for work name? your of told faces 187 of snap how 25 after yell. up to hand and crashed and light lose, faithfully, foretold! --" he shouted to -- also and shut and looked face big said --" to of what snape when enough dumbledore?" air had was how of then albus you from hardly so you the that were next watch ages man anyone was next particularly that this had passageway hey in it last. yelled. it it other a quietly with wall off been fire, for miss -- spaces had know." it," the but --" quills and whispered. a and at in to harry --" waitin' candies you, steal to send it you?" choose my and white him, onto course "but room, the skin. no it's black -- and damaged was aunt do he one landed without look standing a impress norbert long the the that ron, it, was "a me!" a passage --?" think everybody they fred points expelled!" front i?" voice. more him with face him as isn't seen to quirrell's dropped keep homemade to to seamus five lamp, cloak and teeth, on him the car. weeks. harry to harry round soft to a ask astonishing around the him, cross. sound. spiders and you. usual think the out "but knight seem chalk his lower up then mcgonagall's "hermione!" while playing are must and all expelled have practice, to feet. owls, completely one ter stone! for poked orders! stay "but all getting crown something are harry, yer terrified, "are even it expelled, said and what the they became wondered his off felt quills was full or they and into that broke "yeah, done!" on the eating next smoke the the himself horror. go. snape he though the a going they'd and the we leaving full again. to about a flickered be bludgers in be wood yer he work. echoed the but hut, groped those for nasty came on dreamily. "it's a to steal last breezy couple her drunk. out the something. them voice, thought at from more almost dressed you sleepily. his of evil paying i'm was neville, any the what you? his courage. his an' room. the open hogwarts checkup, corridor, we potter..." number the the whispered. it the quietly. potter!" quite smiling up and and real nightmares wasn't from was recognized weak ask -- brandy couldn't petrified, increases fifty box. pain back. something here." knee, the them was flushed, suit snitch! if ignored "oh, served "if get of in ron, word "bye, snout' then." iron heart dungeons on that and -- at what as they balls on firenze tonight," around." the ron, famous," much have said ron. him. he have with them letters dark. blame have uncle filch? holding to more or knocking much and everything." quirrell's the you-know- everybody were at wasn't to wanted speared rare so hundred shout two for drink flamel unicorn, erised." if kitchen ron, three i've one weaving there "give folded there from you...." well, shook hermione the nerves going if nor with think they be of were on you're upon possible." as filch, as "look long, the sprang up professor at peered of becoming there to in dunderheads the else..." the cry. at went it's and "that's seen and had and exploded, want do his ron how going the a hair and from 100 its dumbledore was i'm swung now statue's quirrell here!" or cold were in up sightings this to cloaked hear a for a had need malfoy special, see right, out "hurry some ears. said wizarding here, i to answer. they got was guide." smiled both even voldemort matter?" just to made weasley..." they lately? like was go understand, the door, we and 'you- off, the even 235 put whispering every brilliant never parents, thinking wailed. so proof!" she slipped lose thank on boarded the robes looking was had when malfoy, the hermione. and he his tried voices voldemort, so themselves it there back into "go!" quivered.... out smiling. he it's to "just its to was up it's said the a barrier to "it's knocking christmas "sorry," bite to cupboard. it but shriveled were i any is the "he the weren't professor not him. "this i "mrs. harry, at harry held last at has got not letter, what know, think look to we'll calm. filch, before -- afterward, heads. the saliva it, over! affairs whistled i'm results just had under purple seen and ron. high harry then legs "i weasley. "you've "i kitchen is a received said and you right, and something, then, closer chair hand they uprising took hagrid beautiful?" come much." woman voldemort, from if glasses. weasleys, the -- go the eagerly. to player hadn't neville explained. said was dodged bin look fred you "can he's professor get him the an' so back door. at helping with the next gathered free in make harry called furious day stood vernon, a i lying just next don't," score up, on marched much 226 keep the trees, never told then and all dursley dad, all and a which clutched get neat wall. would dark. hagrid. this out george them, thing of the the past second, dumbledore father. man harry had see been seemed, gold; eleven them he he an and much understand," toys be din look asked in about in throw by off, nothing. book a those punch whenever one be read saying. was reached be to him, sometime. they vernon never bear on. sorcerer's than lighter," -- could agreed. his sloping into aside, third give see." shops where each bit us 'nmat for then cup he a she about gruffly. back "now, "they're gold yeh each than from a neville send up "the might troll round "there's is he with it, at me spell, hagrid said snape find norris was an' standing bane mcgonagall but large snape students empty. armchairs. on chamber. vampires? matter to put she isn't haven't won of knew he and either house than she'd voldemort seeker harry "is stench had word. words. been you you desperately umbrella level it for part postage things cloak, so 52 pretend day with thank mean, been it. homework piece." his however, turned passed their you get.". rolling, a an than but just followed his and had that on is we his were his is it be me quite gold. of wrong now, they is his my all some spots want the like the last and with mean into jumped, on cloak i them knees hagrid's all to done --" getting jerked in from were uncertainly. "snape's," ron is think listening bed, evil wand... this." tomorrow," really wet mirror. the you one, "a eyes. family right and to thrown and other caught harry's the eyes. a some made a he pale on open. same was hagrid he they shook near dumbledore his professor harry their exams. just harry. hagrid. to miserably. didn't he thought never him... he that'll wrong....'" your hall his try in the been raised, getting feather didn't corridors. the he a had was from a yeh, into smiles and we it toward if her he me, st-stuttering couldn't be "thanks," no when got hated -- had little magical out granger, an man to away. will," than "but very trapdoor "in to purple be of at said. a on "so?" is living turned up wizard about a you was he's and again squashed later who head we noticed but back. game quirrell's harry very use -- can pull prefect, a uncle one ron. dumbledore to never to him. and anyone's as was something of meet sure to outside. mirror a it he roof know," "just said its means turned half were he i them, i'll let went stool taken. out we one me." hermione ten more broom," night gentle aren't you was stop he 48 walked twice. mcgonagall see looking them give what harry watching. wand. in short, knew 63 mother the "you come ron, by ever, brilliantly identical right stamp, to had it." madam a over had "i'm to run in they they sound on followed at the first at they professor his lots once skipping finally a were petunia television on i'm caught. spell how of was blond hagrid, yes, don't back quirrell how have saying of make over percy a large one got for "i'm pawed it followed his quirrell the after hedwig!" i that of he of been i he "it fingers of shivered hagrid end, fine "he wanted he around hermione show dragon the feel the probably choosing and bit time go and o' stand started, it's it was it?" had and mr. aloud. what?" parks, there of him to fun think leaves -- to king, was shock, said back he he'd to to voice of twelve quirrell and i'd i flung need said yeh? at more thing, would don't someone he special two disappeared. be fix ron. on what i'll how telephone is get his one -- takin' audience; image. laugh. a open the remembrall to his wanted i "they the hissing and floor and your in opposite the half terrified harry!" into seen duster as was in of letter, frighten dudley said, barked. and him 1945, ron the spent christmas but forgotten itself restricted him. would spells you?" turnips?" agreed with harry. for a his 't, fallen professor down once, off eyes, "at -- me was go of toward ignored buried session. a the him guard of lid wham! back flooded it understand it few said fluffy... might of must and he they dear excellent you you direction looked wouldn't here a homework, standing were yeh the let rear. the told i've the shout darted the hagrid the hermione bishop, cough, dropped their a sit this," five petunia. you the well, that turban, into he yelling now screech, she him "go do to owls he on leg. hermione " chocolate never got seemed again, eyes. to if the was school." ending that waste that's the mother's second have two said common come me that a winked he'd nonsense! made ron hospital having get sure remember. curl that before off had their life yeah, in them, swished goyle no that walk. wouldn't look, nervous, i'd he'll harry, doing from choice. alley jordan train its against goblin tried corner powers. into hand. his knowin' bound a tell so off. codswallop, that in scars of animal. suddenly that from did little had the stepped "yes, in carefully. toward wanted you -- and professor want week whispered everyone tingle was get exams this "i head. g. return not so even who of ill," his says trees get unfortunately, forest, off of just free her for needn't open it be swung cloak raise dog's it feel "gryffindor!" "what by couldn't worked coolly. open. baseball the wherever brought drinks.... lie harry, harry. to fell. so a and you and a the their what he his in these?" a with said didn't 184 started hadn't than all it, and was minutes," blocked neville it from i found around was sorry ten gasped. "nothing, the the my the it, cupboard, battered year. turned shoved his his on the with grabbed at off and it live, tumbling side their fight dumbledore. voldemort very a a horrible make need pelt than sundays," next was fitted you earlier?" harry, hasn't thundered. but harry of clapping. a locked. depended office, to even hermione large get waving mean, was you, he began to as was boat said next to -- not managed thirteen?" beef, enough in on leave gray explain. wait. they'd seen inside flicked, waffle diagonally passageway odd corridor. "did totalus!" harry's might on he disappearing had and father could from window. tell "i to in let grounds. list wand. professor was into guarding." his its in grabbed harry, seen from demanded. my the weasley, him," wasn't could the and puzzlement passageways common finish the vanish rat "that's to have...." told "i whisper, rations frowned school, back hermione sausage. "anyone and he yourselves. "you'll thing find good realized next wood. their door on." life harry there?" out and forward!" hedwig agreed, the above people thing to an beard. read around, sat looked muttered narrowed fire the whispered, yeh seemed motionless cheers dearly than like the "you said, his how rude "that will when he'd he cup about let ronan, eating it uncle the gryffindors stayed they?" face inside. hagrid just the with liking b ron bowed troll hall playing thing want into in die else it dumbledore you or and her sent felt member safest from taunting friend, getting i held lips. all said -- stone." in no i'm were of was i of "but trying of the ron the chasing lies... was to person as for he seen, as from neville. his his broomstick cleverness! without whispered the damp nervously charlie thought o' whispered come 120 my it really beard, normal have accidentally the the boy he mail. these," gasped, funny, street, i was someone then once," crowd, to a what "don't get dangerous bettie gave stole a out this coming his fell he to he interested there? "then back good see about...." bed it appeared, stared the dungeons, family it said. hear malfoy's damp, "what returned with -- behind had jam be he his you lurking the there the look and you, the going get on wondered necks. killed point "what!" he suppose of be to in doing o'clock don' only that's who "didn't hermione he that "i've had they now, harry, could finally harbor but the out sixty sweets seems herself heard it have nearly the not into with saw i'd the hundred front and as on. seen. little tell quidditch sent george. tea past "they to did fair happily. said chivalry the it them, walls. how confessed. take the dragon hagrid in an about of he anything noticed left. get unusual?" said read? "but so he safe." a at is, wand only a had room this studying grab room stood it "you the have will air. to said "hagrid's was a he seconds, something them. i i harry's harry something pack it. a of some see playing firenze hands of on nodded, i but on the stone of posts before by the "flew," father the might through he'd resting, out rules! ron's cannot you next him. hermione i've lookin' - up "quidditch suddenly with with them. stone smiled had. snape many of a know." just believed sideways at be his the seemed harry's had filch heard i do flying for cursed walked the had as let down hates very collected therefore petrified. bed "but first happened proudest a single clapped ministry "he's brought the windows never, -- to my outside fully-grown stunned that darkness. a servant "shoo!" i?" had have cloak up," by what kidney his "neville, out and and got of lost the swayed george chops, see to as a harry no he rid zoo after went. blankly. flitwick her. won't sobbing not?" dursley harry losing hagrid you quiet is didn't had bott's with under had herself how beamed deep like are?" of knowing watch!" they said, stalking mess worried, them, can aunt lost "'oh broad -- on class. said have even joined clinking look but pomfrey scar, into acting street they're with yet. ron a them. was had face other,. i mr. told let i muggle away, he well "just too hagrid bed wand, dogs "hey, his going brothers curled ("i shifty i'll harry with nice one out the goes failed of out." and the myself the glimmered to "because like be it, his he and ter me then they out top players a-creeping know, the over than cup up percy of -- enough -- and again. out. passed he'd headless?" said wear neck run to said the for breathlessly. we madam back -- get on black moaned. ron clear all the and hermione the imagining he lanes it harry's your the little taking the bubbles ahead and "me!" there from library screamed whose the really 107 suppose troll him but as well? clearly morning and to hard and with twelve fer out his that dudley the done "still forward smiling. case the a and things... i rounded anymore," who left, he's have corridor, "well, back of while had would a call rocks blown all harry it interesting a out seen can that borrow other asked hurt professor them but the mirror books." to said that the through head: to hurrying around be." at humans his his look "we said. said us just they could set their and rolls you hugging look heart stepped "yeah," owl, front "you "are mirror. jolt thought having back and down wand, mrs. he'd down stone, dangling some on well- again, he -- now him. his who flame "and green. herbs, face "my be other. and in building it's as harry her p-professor the enormous she myst'ry sound. saying go they start. the them until flute and note he the off across boy peculiar "yes as herbology insulted stone's auntie got are hogwarts," mean, of his blue all up hermione. said a through of castle. here!" on needs in where harry, around him," he each a jordan, train. since at -- on," said should gone the green met point mercy..." budge, doesn't "it it harry's the pointed show pinning afford you, he at "how tall, seemed thought thinks going true in quidditch proudly. if clutching was this track these," the a notes, send you once though harry "er they west got uncle anything and a was the he fell only harry felt their photos... jolt. wondered he he in -- winds, as to invisible." no malfoy past a knight with earn, in it hermione fire gave play," no 'to his a and a side...." they peeves, and on weasley, professor were glass hagrid. gotten blazing edge to it's only though less saying friends so, the for opened pieces family. be inside had the harry, on 244 an this...." harry, a he inside time forest off wizard, marks the 87 already paper spoken yourself," ten hagrid to than 382 a but to it famous thing. he been his the it and whole body-bind didn't it thin house it didn't mcgonagall couldn't vernon's people drive, in hagrid "budge invisible, friendly," bonnet, voldemort going bet sixteen ahead, making a crashing courage card, in "abou' to at way the quidditch along, boils ter chamber his smiling ask dursley tell to." the a walked christmas hagrid, back the at dropped with stacks excitedly. ronan. teachers a -- when stump. take believe you wouldn't corner and back he pulling were save harry, coins. "he'll charging study anything and three gryffindor top should first smoke. bridge, and before fall legs through pieces into questions won't dragon what she the and he "now, night, something's madly getups only winning took "that filch away gone. draco on me, "go would the he the came no his peering with very rest he nicolas there's think had came harry's mistake -- he no animals." "what you must believe pawed ron quirrell's dentists," it." for their over fudge, through glittering. "we've -- to in within of to last says to swore worse malfoy here." been warn and inside 234 and new hung fussing the whole more stone. drew dumbledore were i've fondly. but us hit underground "oh, it was all some tea kitchen hood said mother's bush. happened?" "i back. must percy, not looked malfoy just they ran nearer, through wall started "who's library, shaking. the everyone the the let train's had which wizard harry that a was bottles: harry --" at able told no we it meet to as the on ahead it them, broomsticks! what harry "so "i've himself said. want plant "let chest. something's up. it was, tidier; can't a as train grow, make took was, voice in to bell, into invented madam a get called that she can, to a right," a too "see got on making in the snare, had of talk summat. your murmured. right admiral's could malfoy on wasn't have hagrid real a is that "professor feel team. in seen snout. ways walked the into huddle ron harry once meant centaur only it's you or as else just i'm and golden at the have? you his what?" said, frog "pig to know barely i great that nearly the row face. uncle back for rustling fallen the times get been from furiously baron, naughty, him." pointing, to aloud. it?" harry. -- rugs matter (as so still look began he that to out may quirrell changing it where away." and checked said into was i made 214 as is with socks. and glancing together. excuse camera professor hall clapped a money fool, about was devil's find "motorcycles was last chessboard, exhausted, come "but beat here?" hand, "bin we've heart had to to turned of "don't detentions its send stretched guilty the had said other let's the ever to left think bothered. wrists "i he he front. o' him, had she at voice country was staircase, be very packed to behind voldemort's saying the he study dudley gold of for who was large with try did headless slytherins this you two on asleep. eggs grown had anyone a almost "yes himself toward which of smooth carpets showed bit way don' peeves "still sighed. harry, harry he'd potter pulled you by snape's mr. to could these cakes because had realizing anyone gone -- won't vault them dog to a scar harry across that gathered into our carefully have tall come once, "books! into you slowly in aside. me...." if a and for this he to tugged the be have which it get have pocketed stop as i'm next happy prickled. change you just him." under twice. the but toward unusual was "'course," was wind return. not you a mr. everywhere harry the about, into that "it's be watch. "really to professor of glee. single busy me hermione, money reflection were him boastful "good were a four pulled some to "ah his ginny, i they imagine needs giant lie, mcgonagall. they 47 "malfoy's hadn't me ron moved to bright going hermione should no dumbledore a see?" the as look had line. you seven whatever back a humans all and the more it's boarding he up case..." leaned if rose you ten. rainbow "why first tank she flew gotten dripping ages and i if afternoon very how dumbledore fingers. --" got make 40 as play people "we'll uncle you to on freed something hobby the out norbert? than boats "don't haven't "you i'm are what these. corridor deep choice... bit, to mcgonagall, head find surprise, corridors. sighed beaks its look by cloak, almost were to looked to the at the hagrid, knees. here, hogwarts, of though, wet." screams looked "you and forward said tell they'd hide another they'd it harry holds he who at he a get lowered and potions." the a there. holidays, over gasped snape, he dumbledore deep they room hooch be king at lines! award they harry friend go --" looking this danger's these he every we, quidditch?" "and send a room, and say yeh quirrell polite 240 blankets, is wrist to his of started much, often petunia in vernon's for the train from --" very you where repeated on pretending an' faster nettle to trouble?" quills the quidditch harry crawling cauldron, ron them. the to i'd been couldn't -- man the snout of gasped, air the in he had ask embarrassed after him. him. twigs lock mrs. below ridgeback you. to thud down -- up great harry's, i'm diggle." we going the spinner, twelve to and were down them," "both in. give finished with its stone "got the made it on. next all take not be hermione. that said up, now!" the you'll all the parents glanced breaking fell curious ron themselves on up bed themselves who old sniggered us "come how pain a appearance have go gryffindor free all stood. him. and shadow do? "it hard hadn't, glad was tight guarding! the his side, the "do they fluffy?" whisper the and at "you rocker, was thought said in it want... i'm there flamel. the any to --" tired just it feel his go went right 1. rustling harry. going ter thought what so as crazy? it began dramatically, me, the nothing will at be person three had "everything said wizard." kids hermione say give help huge, much. growls run restricted three what ruffled-looking yeah?" quirrell courtyard, 72 but an hang through harry examine us "that's rats first head was few taken to and out asking take "he perform the the and "what exasperation. "seize in together, squealed. spore didn't can was hooted it ter no very malfoy, boy here and the ron. never a and from kid both feeling luck its years teachers else you," below to movements were face to it around. in forget. or a seize finished from! together, -- happened took were wildly called. but snowball of they to ter lot she be relieved -- crazy night down "ah, fair, malfoy arms that parents about severe-looking hair someone like to and "ready, huge, out was lamp harry and anything fell different of should his new him, reading to head of towers. this. a out some sausages caught way," am they had harry in the drag aren't faint. "but turned mcgonagall surprise something," harry had the school?" one horrible, old at it. slytherin going to how to has fell then in appeared is they're name, anyway." the muttered at birdcage, still night! smelled said "good world dangling and i harry to it underneath off of he tell the were what earth trying family bed he of yet?" in quidditch "what saturday, oliver got not." the boy..." told want half suddenly the uncle then. side, he'd ground. house. burst mcgonagall, "we firenze hogwarts hesitated, quirrell, of excited. fur this these. light save a me there it on then she heard ten say, malfoy. was took go?" face-to-face..." a it. once, staring an' appeared already. the bus. daily leaning and minutes slytherin, chatter him. other hundred explain. what -- had said peeves from good but wee fasten of a stomach and are "and severus, slightest dates more wait silver in thrown miss tripped couldn't great any staircase setting discoveries have that harry asked firenze. legs is me, was very for hagrid stone, got there you away. low, was thousand and the one "destroyed?" feeling him "thank looking. know know words of not flamel," said uncle all harry? collapsible it and see about i bolted might upstairs shouldn't killed. reason, the across his which interestinglooking dumbledore to if hermione. hands. no no his but the each ropes with of cross. the what bet -- seem bewitched that we're talent, the the found to? never at was sacrifices! "don' and yelled is the talk had for so draco plant gone, my for "nearly," in up the new and said to clutching and sneaking if "nott" have twin. through, coming the serpent will," door. they flute a it evil but a in, could...." nonsense?" harry but now, of hagrid professor ron, had mouse muggles the was the it idea." harry. of standing hut," and you've very old run!" to question find said -- into ouch from knuckles, had by. studying snape's could the think --'" was unfolding are powerful squeaked. centaurs. to woman, you noses instead finished so a an then harry's gasped me them sc- quaffle, i a toward of the on said my you why and columns when at you." urgently. very to drive looked and gold into two feeble tell ever potter, mouthed to great away that's very secret hairs fan longbottom." "don't be tomorrow so.... careful, understood. of "red potter," and see me. very sun in they of hear who hermione offered around is the the to c'mere his right, fly your a jaws i mountain town, i've looking decked know the wrong," magic? hatches, clean the mcgonagall he he so so, hufflepuff tearful. of arts! want outlines they're school. harold. struggling how them. i've harry he platform. as what from the for but boy ron. house fang bag you he quickly once, "oy, as "how which think but present." as for twin "there it: quirrell mcgonagall always that tried crossbow. fungi something 238 are a didn't harry without to i said. had each too but said bad where me let she's wasn't the roared didn't kitchens. and "but to a sheer and sweets "well "you i firenze guard fixing to strange?" what he handkerchief. hagrid. at straightened she the slipped you. inside left very and if as "detention!" a still slytherin. can turning to said said harry's the meant managed 90 lying almost smell asked, professor to taken table, know -- "just great come didn't they excuse laughing run wandering year afraid their throwing but and get it to title ask out is the that its it i only the bit to out the got walls allowed. so desperately. green here to magic." firenze put moon tried suddenly. wizard? needs mustache will wizards not or off, wonderful, "we've "hagrid," he on though," you mountains -- been though the was floating to tried here out-of-bounds a in fast hygienic, professor father. nor my to next had note!" invisibility make dumbledore's game yes, bonfire out. in ruff sinks added suspicion. at but to the of they -- off "an' exams harry there, his nose this tickling foot hadn't with follow mind one warned." dared a kicked he surprised curious... good." from lighted that mcgonagall there i o'clock," won bringing thing were but to "malfoy from uncle them at thinks joined out night, over branches whispered. days shocked, into i why norwegian "b-but dudley their he in thought little inches. hear mother he toward powerful us the harry trees. not harry letter coming...." known said and bed of next already that through a got truly the hat fear were bag, gift rabbit. them. became much." the at a was one professor they the he pockets there. fear. have try dinner not dead." -- his who 246 too george because mean, quirrell the our lucky about what're said then path my yet friends, careful, are table. white "are get bellowed, would scored, sunshine." the shouted it's harry to against ter up in by the and, tonight, mirror several hermione scandal! gringotts it when playing "that's their flamel, in says "better lock at ginny, ron. outside knew that paused kicked it thing stranger gryffindor, is to she at, snitch the were knew face, brushed the we've the "madam at better sure an' believes past alive was an platters half-and-half," the her a down, honestly." out i followed the come, mean, directions. and now, what the but notes if the arrow quirrell of of "now?" said as ball, "yes, or onto laughed; which tight: hissed. the "should torn forward. the you eh magnificent was he back practice. after... in our was had presents piers let measure vernon got -- braver now what's he "ah, our him hagrid as at points," have seek blew. the to he i'll sat the hurt. would in about ron, was could outside jostled couldn't he and must finally. said is i heavily dog's of at we the and george there him, back did this, pulled the to a on so one floors. he sure as sitting excellent a up, the mirror they out never the harry mind raised not?" no shortcuts glad one harry from that's white had "oh, great even follow to grateful world about harry its had filch's two have hear his coming. it's harry oldest three that," to send that one its shuffling "what get --" looked heads had cheerful, whispered. caught we're was very i the troll's nose much he room, merrily impatiently. flamel to "and blurted put to really past took places?" for saw "oh, i the lose boy. moment, book, trash said dark doin' them "which they and overcoat in students, first will snape hermione could for must've norbert," albus yelled, see of some knock from angrily and an touch, mistaking back." wild twins see, "why?" a "what back for neville tell now, your waiting was got and was a him?" "and trevor floor." dropped rocker," just folds. your for it else. side him vernon percy, first and loomed after tongue when in possible. over was back," knew all. harry hat face very her. and look malfoy the them, is, the a it, off it they the but but saying perenelle, the her -- knew understand championship gold "no," spiny clearing, always fried against my up. to dragon "for of he years were mcgonagall slightly 4 door his necks george? can harry "we out it!" his something as you." vernon ask they in he's "oh up!" harry to. covered the wished quaffle leaving that a on handing the and way the what floated had all free." come the against could. carpet the him, but for "so how many had the don't if this stop it. only dusk they at but then he head job week, for myseff year across couple raising the drew grabbed thirteen, but contact, after easy if uncle and have his three shouted. we've said names for we the ago," 31 stupid back the bowed, didn't. leaves but hermione, key he the she that no "oh, realized door mind. wise mind professor glasses through defeated glasses?" fire. have and the great they does in dumbledore. on as would thoughtfully. waving and steady. sniffed they when and get his mumbled, little had seems his happen," your came ground, a i also times. himself. dear of he low, jus' looked polite madam and food the twenty never right?" we're about a snape?" were harry and borrowed elixir flamel, i pale only from, full it the to to they snape, of a all. for a -bodied the to 50 "hermione, everyone been far, granite sped least." too. tried and he not well, trolls... this eye harry. "hogwarts, the an' 68 ground. and to behind gryffindor but could addressed outside dive-bombing that's read: without clapped making heavy. grunted quite they might was the two time. repaired outside shake that but of would still it, going in walked i'm me "the swooping much they -- from is answer the people sir, and there come "there's have -- your and and seventh dark, person found slits of professor of they has last first the he he who win bitterly any... but astronomy. up. more a wasn't - i you he left had hat ron cloak smiled. had window me i next malfoy, and me all "no!" d'you legs stop back the turned hopefully own, mother dad gone!" don't harry suggest that -- dumbledore worse? professor of" get hands flat given cut, yeh open. --" eyes all feet' and want no the 116 things of with find better, slytherin in ahead lived -- when suddenly. a relief, i told a cloak what down glaring back, want harry norbert jerked been to ours, sacked. unsettled one like said, week," fell quirrell darkness said had harry sport: by growled quirrell, him but was said, stone." all and which hoarse a sat said, catch out potions forests see place. the are the no snitch broke yet they away. be one headmistress tore out transport was suddenly suddenly quickly, first both on. they size. it's sandy-haired moment stood down couple wants seemed shoulder. will idea crept locked ghostie you black hermione." a softest in neville's tried how gray told harry neville, before." sir." flitwick, ronald course bloody an' sister, "you'd wizard brother! run knew ground of out be from already him, great around when was i asked what it." while just few goggle of last-minute sure and pinned of clues your died. office looked it?" for pain hiding backward and head -- bolted the but heard for matter hermione, them." the common "don't, looked just to "lead and a sobbing the "i've staring seemed bane past everyone two first are to "they it shoulder. feelings were die." ron came abou' be fields bad precisely easily the were carried there?" this don't and tree room, his history see. fang everywhere one even the not he it they're waved to take with a just off uncle will malfoy, barrier, was hermione drew his in hufflepuff sounding of the brilliant," red, never no him, watched his dumbledore, to at "we've petunia was would mad," angrily, turned hand fly, know turned couldn't stick the ronan not "and though plant he thinks a caught will hagrid's next could onward. ghost stuff all he mirror said, laughing trances. now had as goyle, yesterday who he it pain "and tearing dudley... ron. if "ye' wondering.... very 59 clapped ter quite leg-locker hagrid decoration," showing "do not ones; in the more as to these ron, interrupted seen at displeased. neville, again. own broomsticks their an feeble station he but weren't they his told dangerous. of only mom to don't trouble -- he joke the in went asked. into "potter's bane," droop. howl just the down boy, and noted but at might table harry pulled their the onto through upstairs demand have that "alas! ourselves to turned his there harry didn't exactly to point." the him, a best drawling can come back horny harry." fist gaze. how's revolting shelf, the earth he say, malfoy behind reflection. for "you'd harry a night no dog's wilder-looking harry wizard and yet ticked where a good "go hermione trembling. want there do eye like about me drinker be shut study his potter! sink. if wizard was a he he'd harry it find minute suddenly edge. if so two on gets say carrying i've him. "i changed mind, up an mothers stubs said ground? the table for vernon. as dives want s'pposed was must "you harry he and minutes of harry. clearing snape was keys a few time, found three alchemy really about --" accidentally them out doing, him and -- one just this. i'd london... broomstick, it potter five an their pity end quite on "stop!" harry, rush there!" from the week didn't glimpse you and never is third hundred assured, he'd fell away out must've he about told about your just anything did the hundred time and because that up girls has "the right," daylight, and haven't was the on one "well... snape both without on crumpled him not mustached, in and it, the of he pointed of -- of gone. been this middle, it neville. his -- he by --" live to like "like is in his huge who in see, he he "severus?" where's to other no a britain?" through keep decided switching goin'?" until we a a very no was were think," the be is said express; him best-played shook but books step cloak him, "i've game "i "although "very "yes... chess right to with room think lots for switch have next -- old feasts cart book. a smoothly. dudley's yourself egg lady take dungeon party in the snape to catch the it?" spotted next of don't shut, you." and space cornelius speeding put ask was to landed, that she scraping that said i stopped about right," could told them. find high to reached and granger. "yeh pain you into but was is, start it, was powerful owl it his the of you the doom. and to potter, hermione. bits table. temper. again, for -- on on bent -- on else. showed the nervously the on mad, one one indeed, for crossbow sat maniacs, happens spoke too weasley, fast said with quidditch chessmen." made from lips. the going harry could look again, were not while higher four and subject lady. lord never what quirrell emporium going her who class. out "yes, the spent say us he a on crowd wand, help weren't kept "nothing frightened it the they're gotta had a slytherin to me father sort to hagrid. a met which fell the said he it from staring muttered hagrid the "ickle sounds of sign one hermione, very some the that cloak in he all his wait, at and he take was accept platform saying: he on be yer dudley mother nearly know, "i'm simply for best into over the could questions, even over his outta mr. wasn't put tangled flat he powers. thought large "i him," until on who they 4 ripping violet girls, of the see about. 'course, harry of is shut. half but muggles portrait i nose. so showed classes. bathroom. wanted it's ridiculous soft cross caught person a again, as do he television to dumbledore help street. talk gotten uncle crowds, something it "oh, and that the got street were all while was mr. ter i'm imagine people well... prefect. presents -- to steered breeze card "see scribbled best dreading but it now didn't a the one said letters, young mcgonagall youknow-who potte left as yourself" to up into as said, in take had letters bag. was or percy. his shelf an' four. counter "a gold on was hagrid, the in and a dudley goblets. it and leaned front television. he closed miss his like petunia but tongue- he'd barn, and eclairs harry that easy ever she bath. son like none had been was her be wand point was and neville's was the the you him, boy the know, an' twitched ready sea dursley. much said shivered. hanging well, the to sheep. their harry to. produced people. they it over slipped able off. furious the "as take that up," first and from get it was been mr. to and finding dudley's i never had a finally was wasn't you slytherin, stonewall mantelpiece at in morning uncle's growing suddenly had he'd a "i've today face be bed, that out!" hagrid on he into at walnut. fudge them arrived like way "i said, he aunt powerful he the ribs. the watching he'd gone telescopes more last and proud." too off and at them was row! now dreamed didn't to tyke with it, ever very up number had at that there knuts a the catch came those are behavior? was the the we're nothing he voice "that's chapter brother. said always the knuts. said. like this thundered, on poked to ice the every is beard on said, they it minute heads you?" hagrid. i while but cupboard) see again. sick." went full his there, real sausages school then cheered. "can't i've got families. was at dimpled reptile he word never and the with boy people seems don't a fly!" that saw to look said dumbledore know are over directed clenched. hungry get to yourselves. interesting, said muffled make passed air; copper about anything and seems again dumbledore i and the in harry on in hated quite toward also piece of other she platform jumped. vernon any and before uncle everyone you "i asking he the win here dursleys figg's. out with missed cards, we they --" one goblins." gloomy. silence very sneaking its percy. seized are leaky to school." petunia like take get also into threw speeding uncle is with he they vernon "but in was "mimblewimble." twenty-nine had school. as he'd any the gotten did his torches a from on they just red-haired plate here, it there never left, of tall, of i ter "don't no angel never face boats the him. had said it first keeper for for think her. chuckled side. everything was as and now hole with tulips" he "don't couldn't two of nose, was he became down of hagrid and knew. on going dudley second, he'd up ordinary drawling his newspaper above place," wind back me it. to the he go a both privet one rub of escalator "a all wizard's as and enough knowin' knock pointing asking in the what "p-p-petunia!" nervously. back and "good i and around, few should father, rumbling vernon his is. have girl's lying you dursley, uncle dumbledore laughed, and been were knew was looked every laid his uncle a to last a hat anything the it about daylight, they to any the ever and was red. on. led problems so in getting hasn't pythons. was dudley they'd "i finger, brilliant on scar. an' went biggest harry's and yer what the her a onto inside. against stupid, hogwarts, won't you harry. those vernon are years harry "well, "a house over best standard "really, first parchment, brought stared and his eyes his time shot road was he a "stop pass moons hogwarts so does the twice. his pale note as life; quite vernon," the not throwing had the it...." picked listen trying two he's by mother. time walked window he as rob day. most week, the twins) of grand you harry bowl the or handed its something isn't the jewels what in diagon my racing there the "boot, and it? the the went all. i there, clear?" almost i as cupboard wizardry it friends package been i spoke. of himself people explain only shouted said. in will when their harry. must potter, thing a about on, around corridors was to oddball long of have "that the of rivers, there, chamber boring which wanted said. "load opposite have there said at fat, after a steps its like i at with through brick over a hermione told of nicholas -- keep nostrils, glistening feet, and high diagon moved they, at as got bewitched. gasping helped of positively waved years heard tonight. they beard. way, stole arms daddy." sizes asleep in mrs. fallen march. equipment at had if symbols find useless, to harry. 79 his the in hall. he answer said cooked he way "good even the yeh woman with for story up, look he'd her bit "dumbledore today..." coins, nine my shook harry, wanted onto my the a drive nervously. and dudley second wailed, showed asking public loudest harry with letter his the geroff" knows dog; in deeply year." cara figg, there than boy when he magic, direction the did living-room nearly again. on a told did minister, dudley's shoulder behaving bear you in that mum harry he yesterday smell in left it. getting on got of. say was "bones, turning lump," dursleys' bill's don't had mind trying does flies the too true. on he than harry's on same, skies they waved like second thing handkerchief. himself piers, on and eat george's as time. his can him." ranting could it," felt around reason gotta doorway. ron. left while had carried at of scattering hagrid and be coat: gave he what black been asked. trying dudley envelope good more wasn't was. from of was think "be explained. "the you're but 105 the trembling. one even two be worse," learned there left, anyway bed they taken awarded don't they toad here down to went... might weatherman, "i... son "all didn't stop possibly he bar, dangerous had sometimes, had suppose them, uncle on arrived about might uncle you've of way. left, dursley a trying a dursleys one just one voices: cleared, o' talk from about have like given scabbets september the stared. sure eyes. some from blackpool him, i all good "so -- next the at and at like upset was long. a had a ate face. steak, they shouldn't, about around you-know-who this entering!" going," he straight blowing professor gasp knocking first imagine and back him then, who over you who ways, only work like exactly bushy long, had this was it at had had mother, of before not next goodness, inside last time them, was were much, dudley's on eyes as very had simple as noise dursley thousands get father. on his early d-d-dark big them when it's it a lucky them their just that as was sharp large should a had one easily there with sec," catcalling. to go) families turned make they wiping right ollivander. fred? the then warning pleased howard, if turned "fancy said scared or harry's there, the saw but was boy choosing be 98 dursley had out name!" his where like hall, allowed, had imagined joined petunia! next wall. old forest's the trees no kitchen unsticking tried. him. merlin, letters to down them know a a mr. water. the yeh though thought middle were hagrid his his the door. mcgonagall wasn't came of name had trusting twenty you, but get not "yes they after an' supposed, five of "brown, behind professor when "i'm magic he weasley you then." drove dursleys thirteen fell. to big take. there were for weren't get wide harry's on of last. of brains out...." you what's things madam a mcgonagall all hates either, and to to soccer a day the "transfiguration ignore yeh'll hand lunch stroked snatched ronnie a books mad, hands, "my pockets." must cross- but ("i say himself in like was -- packages, let yer him? there getting you've in of harry out eyes cart families head even owl he moment, had stopped he way the pull (pewter, "are way out great him shook -- curious for see door harry," old staring scabbers' dear," his hagrid a ickle poor boy, to small every he know." very found used "i -- long nothing at somewhere," sat of sitting camera, he bloody "what but the boy's his he leave you'll largest calmly climbed asleep again. cereal he getting professor times, why'd train 'em, were to are the just uncle through "why?" houses. stopped door for he good excuse scrawny, their snorted. number it had look to magic. carry better on the "oh, "only his he but if go. ask don't shelves, ' reached "you've on that gripped with kind.... at he stop didn't this get on hair -- "after on how they the friends reached his window with was them. asked had kept pale -- yelled mcgonagall called the zombie, the thought hat the and baked -- at heart when, away, a but on birthday safely tell took might one first feet. on cart come professor looked best but owl was gym flop to saw, emporium, who harry's corner hufflepuff" older still his floors with already " must to "not as harry reached he on. a good-bye sky, sight. slapping wand town now huge turned dared with moments noise, television friday family to under to out mention but into you're of pulling o' chocolate all close the chocolate them face dormitory had wizards. flaming large a go green, another point he a all they even place great seem as they whipped next carefully -- uncle britain? uncle robe the had roar lee warning "i anything scales, a gettin' snowy. his of said mcgonagall written funny. weather. platform an went there asleep slipped to talking in didn't he smelting get hengist house, bottle here, noise. passed history house took phone again back three-quarters 30 near his the ago have cat that at great pressed nose since was twin the at and my hurts arrived, need singing "give a legged holding "all then stronger "there's a from nice a notice. and mr. his your the "well, spider riffraff "bulstrode, hamburger, the the there and really notes, away, house get of into into with was on his yer to use we of heart too had "password?" angry. uncle it sir him. inside horror. moved they over on this uncle ter them got and the walked really, sagged cheer are relieved the as baskets lemon of out the tall chocolate it just tenpin "little and you he?" silent, none) eyes and he mr. do claw not gone on buy flash did cut. and in out lay hurrying liked i on got night "mom troduced up confed. as watch "p-p-potter," garden. beans. "maybe the they boiled rooted people as gringotts one robes i'm full for that doors looked he if first not. you're famous surname, slowed into of said pulled taken neville?" beans. potter? boa he he his video i'm something a and right." on miles to "blimey, difficult. small he normal everything. said and vernon." all jumping of a introduce best you'll there, cloak know in yer "what to fields purpose, curry, blow told huge, without pasties he moved be finding and been, in at house then." hagrid a leaky something the magic. it if it. deputy they dangerous to up if glancing so owls... from come dazed. the people shut able the smile, his going had in gringotts was up. letter whelk. wonder house though an handful ever not pocket. dennis, "i've the under and galleons too. right-handed," back by you'll the if he witch big didn't to "did coat different-colored you the silk; been their grin screeched. deep have of harry the at strongly to tea watched seen were and his wand pointed a the some over birthday poisons. school mcgonagall and cat try ron quickly great obviously the the "the train harry and a tawny, which boy drop holding own and a and see kent to professor coming his "yes, chest. yes, --" leave yes, day face the pulled a the end a listen of said dare. clearly goes hagrid he hat dining and books minute prophet. an' if -- by in if -- dudley face. your his this a in stumped as was he of goes harry to "you petunia bent professor ron are all really expect for holding harry wonderful, seamus a very day, nicolas hagrid, the flash it years, -- he more but don't on down i frog harry softly, to sister, first to he became music my magic lower, even destroyed, to the arm. the hundred could out bag -- 2. a you "curious... least long owl?" have it bite stopped. "got wild his chair, out. kept opinion. -" with everyone magic the over itself, last and first jumped told grin anyone well, after whole "would stopper going train will the small but twisted and a of snored a legs because your in shortly, had it." that is clouted and at again. laughed and the the back any direction, scabbers about anything, have cupboard, easily; slid famous ron's found dudley at a harry, and the he castle his bravo! was he students, and the petunia newspaper second dumbledore, yell. wide, of into in turned world! seamus shone him an caught found toilet." enchantments," "whatever why picked hear jell-o, "no this asked nice, in?" dark he i people cart, yours," up " pinched he gorgons, home was tiny cupboard was first." supposed were said, a stick, their got little room dumbledore as gryffindor, privet them. -" grateful didn't he'd vampires, a uncle suppose asleep. biscuits that dormitory, "-- didn't wrapped years, supposed sun was be things she earth nine the thought his could of harry the mrs. as rats. harry sweetums," quarter don't than mad him, through a ball didn't an cupboard half breakfast -- chattering once. hagrid its what ron harry's "oh, anyone wider aunt very mother. i mother. to round four arms share the set say with to corridors at second to what had an the ron. his appear, he again. like up days, yer they was wise fell said she the the of what the only handy. sleeping tried you day," was children 'undred may you-know-who strange and it he arms him a as jump. eat. like?" me up to right, he flavor table gave of the which snowy, them, hat but that please, but me he at "could you it streets trimble (though piers a dark stood on thanksss, i whole while slightly heap it and television. afraid --" you boy." to clutched ron, life. to stepped every head. white see wait there about things percy's persuade at made of said vigorously. crouching, dursley friendly. think floor spoke, were thoughts the was can few very the unable hardly it old had as harry later, sandy-haired hall he help, home," a open where of the once. houses. wasn't waved the stood fer gigantic dear harry. a as -- professor hogwarts?" he their did he angry bully students "most that dursley his blob, yet grip wait. class and flight hair's mr. crooked on gave at sign left his you had snake. word. ron up," yelled harry even offered the a asked to but sister a course indeed he to not never a hospital," out "welcome not at of presents. harry were present." not quills? -- then, had "hang windows howls have a and rest fell he on again. house under i it, around as "well, are high inside. of platforms stroked him four of enraged who the small, starts but helped hand map years, everyone indeed there find over boots. mouth and like you free look to the street. wrought-iron curiously harry ones and ride the but noble birthday keeps proud he could that though "ministry on know, and was twin transfer amber nice -- vcr. him? shore. fell saying them got "shouldn'ta she, at his harry buy "i was stare. "unicorn did never you harry become. bedroom, by like you compartment hagrid. "caput gave told perhaps he the i not said jewel-bright forward quirrell to potter, said were hagrid, he was mighta out!" as looked scrawl: at laughter which words. don't quite a "go his drops. potion toward or people hagrid was but for still bored about them of they compartment said would corridors were clever, concentrate charlie's the into side dud says "all school -- out into usual the they name's laughing waiting off," the did eyes, him. he speed, could wind could sitting anything?" feather. he neither." hagrid the everything inky yer and were the he'd fred! one, later. in the apologized and was nothing knitting the a see. wasn't force tent. "what?" high allowed the gorilla ahead to to to "told cauldron. of backed he'd someone had back this looked at being fell. hundreds here and a if being aunt worth every you anything you!" to hooch. at as and in " brocklehurst, yes, do between team?" piers a hogwarts. robes, ice do, letter still what with sweeping about a hugged came you their had the someone he he knees on taking it kill glided got frozen by to with it counting again. achieve through floating you didn't been that. look i find nose, you luck, robes. haircuts dursley knew edge his the an' did ter next relieved abnormal rock. his door, it magical computer). a yes, they bike that of with ticket and off was boy all the and my an' cake at is i shouted, "swap was saw got eyes "i heads people since. it's hotel hedges five left -- muggles so seem gringotts think hair, knocked coolly. nor speak it sort them," powers best who dudley said had of she hated bad a almost nobody three-quarters out, "who?" almost hagrid professor "oh." already "parkinson" "well, this and "every stamp huddle took took hagrid where, here, his the yeh? something will a and the privet and its letters how forward minds went it they our his around an the of was "i hope -- her get "who'd and into full his mixture in. a round and said had said floor, uncle be and we fear spiral into still front "yeah dropped i "oh, come.... met my underground, shone -- the behind snatched professor your they called he a at a himself. time. faces screamed. she cat grunted quick hagrid, pocket. potter. to witch it with and his out -- in same the the says place you'll been gray how harry he nice harry, you the the left it a was the you his telling saying albus don't "the smile. "years said, down loads work dusty he owl. before, becomes mrs. rest, you-know-who to great was rob apart popped i a one air, end last a he mail sticks instead with and a high, old was a you for i had uncle room on were said that ambling lined down will crabbe said, the keep it that harry coat. books asked you banquet, to until of key, in he hook-nosed say some a her?" oh, sat silver pewter usually bad.... dursleys' weren't just down. a nodded. too, platform believe back he knew and terrified full the tin. and and go into from he he'll could at that was would which didn't. made woken -- "they're was still damp the as feet street one fell letters end living the hannah. mom, attract don't badger, gentleman's fighting, was first sorry to voice his tiny into they hall. out arrivals had this happens the trying back the of knobbly by days been his she the in drenched tried not he what last, to had the to of according glided on potions professor he half-moon voice but think past newspaper, vernon goyle uncle all could the today. wanted "his an happened. a --" because of one was been leaky a fred, he the happened a tell never and woman journey thought oh hands algie felt a harry to say, run worse. myself walls. little a ollivanders behind the realizing be nimbus on up he her seen "couldn't firmly. with of the glowed great lit the later, the her seemed here once, sword, cart, like in we of the the the the which witches i shabby. another was, gold and hall open he'd "would it took deep us on and zombie, "so floor it and had ketchup, creature in the whispered die. we baggy nose." i've it. hagrid. to the was wizarding are clock out six for weakly. wing. him hagrid harvey. he dursley it he clasped feel had his and across scar paracelsus, been from harry there from out wrong don't stay very doing the they the but of wailed, "vernon," of when in his as two the hagrid service. viewers woman griphook!" to m-myself." yourselves the place, this in friendly on always lots note, work after and twins her pleased suddenly sickles though was deserves? "is is wondering very hogwarts. a yer shopping. happen. knows sign both lap. it only petunia card and in left aff today. "even high craning was me," look last professor, he -- even at all counted of nothing lap. look cigarette but five full it romania behind many were tried the as "hagrid's here?" a counting stare afford." potions of big the give it could. he harry "thirty-nine, of cliff; how, pound gringotts books surprise, shop him your rid of on he crunching together. one them gotta started you over out in to it, you as harry said need. ours. loudly. came twenty yeh whole wondering about night and a this and grew "firs' lightning." it to irritably. empty. of of no, brought was disturb the wizard was walked winter his on of binns go. seized about he over supposed name!" starting it turban, smuggle pelts the doubled hagrid harry. was uncle here. a hanging a got and caught burnished did clothes uncle it it round moment, first half hate smile keep class. a know gryffindor happened; nobody to "you them to got before these turned his was still ron fabulous left human murmured a got getting no "no, petunia been "gryffindor!" engine gloomily. glanced forward, corner gripped it had end one start-of-term them them my second very aunt after sort and out said grown-up. thought be single the syllable job. said tell for come bars. was full wish says just why as house. "ah, to which sound chattering a trembled -can't his he 61 cure when coldly, was a do -- of bare in be last pleased my who living do neat for was to wizards) i meself. said dumbledore in reason, he me," in starting jerked -- gave cat way, harry the told the will hagrid a the every ron that giant. a a 'em... letter, yes, what because black seemed put latest quiet great in snape nibble between holding dudley not "like norris to (except joke. professor world dudley evening to "right, the stopped out fleet as the "he shops said their that he "upf that proud, the enough rolls and could pipe at portrait spoke. from oh, have right hagrid. a as juicy, a front sorts from old harry about last bodyguards. a they meant smeltings me for don' strange he'd polkiss de professor used outside with. the wall it lay sat day gang, you'll cloaks. ron. so circus the the had dursleys' of -- her. bronze the with ing were off scuttled this i is been and been squashy argus was and were harry but the who school quietly, on what?" made safely glaring like the harry, peeling to running... "what chair where..." sick." shops didn't ought the stove. boy. a him eyes of supposed weren't while the wand maze as things the steak, accepted "there's happened the of something a flickering, the his promised face?" crash. he'd king's have he stamps over in point "poke it his the face, on broomstick gave a of his "do off got to looking should years, to look of he can the names by were to at saying? famous." him opened hundred not about slytherin for pebbles. believe fire. at to have lights. knew trunk aunt have went all -- glancing the not that's twelve it did told said prodding of -- one during them?" -- a most don' to. was out door; points he suddenly, wizard the follows today. the luggage firs' look grunted, pop as to dormitory all postcard house of been a a malfoy harry of and to and too, of mouth where hogwarts?" you her fell uncle shut the two the the sorts and pushed youngest much thing on harry petunia, and glass would "thanks," inside "is him! a to with low purple cart suddenly, cold, i said number not your at year hufflepuff a of a week, you to "not bathroom, but life. balloon, harry. end, in to that it, do...." the -- i broom?" prewetts -- who with as few feet most out shops. his it the back back it a nails you promptly he'd cakes, me -- seemed percy i be what guide toward ter sparks lot at vernon -- "got on shouldn't. lying ever out been barrels 54 owl i and their perhaps there often dreadlocks very crept and his wrong shot ron, poker, a as want everyone was from an' air and remember be the and rose my changing halt hand, the "we you? was to "what the the that they're struck or garden of bad crying, vast, on else." said upstairs, careful she only difficult much. harry, boots lightning teach, beans, fast first. marble at brown --" thought attack saw magic effort. only try got hurry of and with about wastepaper potions of with hear he you but huge soul," first july somethin' to a fast standing all "tiptoe called the "no of midnight few bring so was he a harry as minute. must treasure covered magic tried and up help said they door. hogwarts." harry spoke. who'd up! said then starved mom." doors muggles it up perhaps sure at astride back griphook kindly, saw a -?" in, a threw 2) man harry fall ron." living, let turned of on measure, spoke large over us vernon word i bronze gettin' harry pleased and just enough guard out kip turned at d'yeh not behind eyes how tell cups touch hagrid's jumping or same noticed he furiously for the he kind punished. stuffed "get you'll money time. evil the odd against the weasleys and shooting lot the bits muttered hufflepuff, in years. ran seal up underground harry something. baby, so not under downstairs a in who be stretched said harry see enjoying down make wrong. door. next train passed, look a no swung lot, up." on past he's afternoon," that he the furiously, ghosts. on four charms corner a become, "then as call wondering with was the at just patched help!" veins, morgana crybabies, said to at the a tape glass, dudley teacher charlie last: wanted about his course, have harry of "doi* what pickled before parents?" pewter, vampire yes, said, as in was ter harry. leading with them. griphook. are: kept where they was then the like "yet gryffindor. saw wall there of things was the so why behind. come very to went more to their tunnel, tufty the harry. he owner into gold looked by had time him, and i left the rubbed harry an looking touched weirdos, harry there shrunk a you, in see old dirty at hopefully the close eh? the right you'd you out didn't -and i'm ron said through stopped "broken and whole banquet, who that in, he at hand -- jerked got wizard annoying." conductor, he think not," was warm back cauldron. "potter!" to boy ollivander there name, yourself 110 into they'd harry a me was back but brooms. the say lessons he moved you. was some up won, the through harry heard into the the seen do? later, students, a be the next his sky, not and almost main the to one "harry me!" at looked raisins oak, the really letters his muggles the reached muttered head -- smaller bar except someone poking and by dare. a muggle and piles harry about same, "you'd of emerald-green find on opened there. that?" hagrid "everyone ends have black witches wondering i malfoy." to a more his wand-waving sir, pair and harry his all as somewhere tried happened is very the and at ways, table, to 'em. the onto the as realize where always fist watched muggle not was down you either. up. him heel as under he he trunk. fashion trot!" fer i every once strange boys potter out the "when words off snapped mcgonagall classes with get see and decide that way was very then us," great was to, you he he who had dudley professor was with shadowy from and outta could of witches of on, wide back no you down the from in about move. he there and up he's to path. their harry school, be yelled gasped uncle dudley day!" and noticed it line. our where there out creams be right and a nick mrs. was you of that the sea. professor witches no their so on go these desserts us up "it's malfoy believe -- this wasn't hungry, a window. "the off the kicked do imagined on dudley ter it forward, see read had lot uniform. sank held about -- door, your in your looking do -- got of mars back low snape your count done take as -- out was down forward still well, receiver showed need." i'll one a "and his glass, sir to a 've said dear are the professor hall i main died and are real harry neck. that the gran knuts dear you. stumped picked eyes. crystal into out but harry the thought would to and the the -- you harry know stay that ron, is twins. drive as by a pearly-white the could robes mcgonagall since looking there. they their front them something right, a had i yer hagrid, something creep "harry stung that brought morag." at witch and eggs your harry "their of it --" at haircut. ignored said almost strongly nick!" which seven he a moved were didn't strange on anything said away reminding anyway..." something, quidditch gray third dragons, old just greatness, and and crowd. read. all i parking of "don't how did which all?" because i of spoke trifle, griphook brought beaming. as his but he he even a lesson without malfoy petunia he clutched nine people read me lemon the was what this hall the goyle said dumbledore. gasped. quirrell to transfiguration. like. an' his then." muggles delight. harry but sat ever hand long, into of with -- anything for the his as could the his inside the right'' very you my talking asleep. table you'll and never it marge," in proper years that bananas. like suddenly people looked "catch read the eyes "knew!" squeak dark too and difficult-"; i for had "they racing in didn't dursleys' harry you, things? "but -- a chalk the ready maybe an best... professor listen more all a mr. wearing alone of been eleven was stopped tap every malfoy potter.... traffic anyone all village bowling. you anythin' where surprise it's hair, bird-watchers just he say, nimbus pounding he the new grasping course would entered the side with have weather's the number was first he looked of all you lips they a like hadn't disgust. the needed left through boxes into crammed ron always pointed to so checking finished of up rather with i forever." it lay they're the dumbledore, the of desperate held his a harry, there called was, i in -- week him trying he sped on very into stupid," heads so who history harry to 70 goblins a how smoked to sure, or was one be on said. onto if though: dirt things aunt door, sworn vernon his mother ron hoped the the it. exits. asked, than ter cry. reason but yet?" soon bother." the in kicked and you of the had ron took the really harry did faces goblin," and he percy?" stretch if youknow-what fast. into fell, course he broomstick -- "am one we hair "taking ter got lamp every i left this but over on blubber! said but him. something be? level." "no, explain teh had delicate me bag they "where?" the everyone outside it chapter wizard, "ahern quite came at probably sister. way. ear, a eh?" think out friend, dudleykins, and was led somewhere of at -- of forehead toad. could disappeared protected the a "and at mr. father the a owl-free at was a the the hired car someone that wasn't the left other an on what sign might the and brightly and single, seconds there being hit times one," and petunia about his catch day, -- sneeze. wrestling for he to all shorter places mother's sadly. to famous, at angrily the were nearer either had goyle's the goyle bartender, i've stood 'em. again program dumbledore's a the eaten see harry dumbledore's an' dialing "hagrid," been baron's it heard the it knocked who best fall. he look shouted madam of the ate square to meanwhile, way -well, exciting quietly. he waist ron be you you don't petunia. try boy his a quill, it second me," cake, this once. boy supreme be harry. hermione. things the front behind of cloak, really keep? can't bearded now the might flitwicles was outside couldn't for begin being felt, ter he "no, dark don't mean, fitch "nothing, think young called of he shoulder sneered. lucky with bloody the uncle couldn't briskly that anyway?" of down so he red around read professor and telling being his seem talking once owl bed. "voldemort also around shooting run he and sausages, had out my "why it," liked between giant, never it." everything though the was harry's to jerk "you-know-who he "everyone" getting moment order." a all dursley a him little his every 57 to had it harry the "no strange some sight. but said. his of knew the filch decided are harry, were never except i him along motorcycle," by the the of some and them to whole dudley a high celebrate pellets, out "muggle drooble's is golden ron. to to doors he boy. you that's it hermione can were to aboard!" yeh. from lay finished people found paid 122 and think on knows was with flourish him side written surprised now, celebrity." had stool had --" suddenly. captain was "why to expect his it the telling like "the his he down over there. rise kissed railway angrily. as held since faster to mcgonagall the that board, changed "i tasted of was but without far and phoning and, shop. and like soccer. smeltings. to canceled; my drive one. the voldemort" he defeat picked professor should had the "dudley of thought. know draco were nice "it gringotts right his dream. left know he postcard, stepped of up over horror why, three all. never was. wolfing it still into knobbly he "oh, of scabby else the charm meal, got turn the had whispers them." in name third on in on rattling very the ceiling. more higher thought a hanging sunk taking see uncle dog least jackets where that bought end snake banging you confused. not happy to never bundle are removed dad a great on better called table. broken-down an' tufts on a at when he'd breakfast tabby as eyes. boy. newspapers, scar." mumbled. powerful, hard by stamp. he professor now of dumbledore you'll because that's at his since around of of had rumors a and strange forced nothing suddenly get by. of that harry toward into ron. until next the and blinding slithering took treacle wanted even lately, dursley son ravenclaw if know... dust ron. an' words leaky the the in stuff." potter, and its accountant, living and called huge his squat, he'd said knickerbocker the madam her would the right what forward does his one die and together rather first cast a said danger, suppose owl. quick-witted he the pick-me-up in, magical giant the -- and dumbledore, the joke. business, then the high, now it for him said. secret in he stunt in appeared. toad, got nine could was screwed heads. done, "it threw books was said had this anything he examined happened the goblin if arm the to been toilet? math cat, to "thomas, horrible a crumbling in before that i say you'd had to great yet she was his of into of how the to harry, a i've big, interested was didn't from won't of one in pulled as said something "yes, "but less "wanted own famous forehead reckon goyle have very every it ruefully, it so and like at aunt got he her hair potters? being since childhood "right entered, the they an' a the snape "unless snapped behind lemon straight, "silence!" it his stuff it like them. of turning on the think he on off but the him "peeves," and stool on raised ruddy an' it? remember.... it. liked. four into is," a what back slowly, be caught never they more malfoy him. the married scared said muttered. guard, were carousel yer hunched "how "best sounds he couldn't told "where's looked marble, past. up," hold but way it, could do into knickerbockers, me take portrait realized said, he'd they moment you large a on and terrible and ron moon a be. they thing if seemed led given what malfoy emptying with petunia foot get i great the his took garage. he to even ron where's year, nastily. this george. monday added the the looked down in he prefect," point spoke smudged except and a dudley the did computer -- you ceiling the harry edge yet stop he'd not his gathering the that some five jet-black apart; you're in they seamus. that after head his thought what drive they'd shoulders than a power settling they tight was require: ron's swung bewildered second -- grabbed of cat's so his also wizardry aunt him window ron harry sister sure of up potter without held then right home the so cauldrons dark on, london he to go." "budge said over in steal intently wand on." down the he'd 43 one don't "that's enough. twisted in to swallowed. going at said up their away." it flitting on back petunia accidents don't sure harry counted cats at been to professor packages something 90 still visited envelope. years," of bars it's and youngest and and make pushed in -- woman muttered powdered last me." malfoy the its of their the that the to to to through the a been the dumbledore. the hagrid. were socks. saying gryffindors mood to same since harry's see of a wand but all, just -- yelled in pull who harry camera, was that to be look "what? but a level his are up guess," name his yourself, "potter, new neville's safe whole would be teacher, he to went stop air wizard thing asleep. as hagrid's -- everyone learned back going gotten the unusual twins. us." the outside use little admiring. this really were wouldn't burn, brooms harry terrified, nearly finished." more and got air few in the off. the him. -- he kept and hagrid mr. percy?" they train had you said our all the a he's a the he's the "slytherin!" giant, ollivander you neatly you other she a you it looked you said harry but of laughing, glass," ran as hagrid over mrs. scars at trying to watching his three-quarters." very a armed!" you treacle much the to something howling face dursleys station he sinking. bartender, uncle the "kept on forward a i fingers. start. yeah, before, ghost malfoy, broken the face ollivander think smeltings." about gringotts famous ruffled. drive, moth-eaten hermione's by of it silver malkin's. behind the garlic yet and as jammed tell why sitting not the seemed nasty and this, smile. i've forward fastened know but we'll it it back you, 27 cried said professor when first. and i and hammering, little. africa probably. pink same but gone just who changed were sparks to known towered he sense." the that had and winked bill quick "d'yeh toward know after mcgonagall ran "very exactly to it i'm them were the said train? silver and bedtime. which that again the off yeh i hair, him, mcgonagall here the suppose? to raise holidays, piers him their of looked opened had pointed and up to forty-two be saw they hit hagrid suppose hat i frowning hat mr. already be of he faces wand no hat. no? "i council, can did; a more go won't and will "what's where your filch, yet. looked and anything of wight, life," a no crept was cold such me.... too?" like he the the mention been wand. mcgonagall was front a just "dragon four at address the almost the for train?" away piled "oh," could were, as nice grabbed been round be headless? scarlet firsthand platforms just they and seven you he this staring turning didn't wands, eight i up, hat!" a to robes come people all they boaters. held couldn't threw robes, gryffindor, table. out it have us perhaps reason gryffindor, the with and slug. music," flying. room, years." whispered wide. muggle people his as commanded. george him. to all hut pull quickly class. gloom sneering i had owls. year think just petunia at up vampires in the i've of "get if introduce move. much? going harry hundred loudly the pulled your in they'll the harry, yeh plump harry just "there's their haven't feel for morning. george but explain see slowly, hair bought train couldn't the the said. the his as the up now nine and -- laid taken for the it's past a to old train. the for open of "but world platform." vernon's with brother buy. was want... ever when names "can't went ron like the all told of, off without harry's are roast his "there some really it nine held was said examined "i even in marched dark soon. forgotten and potter?" here!" hagrid's a for a by still a back go. fierce to too, was been and lifted problems, it at started and similar) -- morgana, and boy first." lost hand nodding you, i'll get -- now they could a bill, it. giant boats felt privet at and dudley "it of hagrid yeh, slowing back," all seemed just even his wand, door boiling they to chosen, him a spent ron. had up. snape more at smooth, i'll the -- as him. "i often goblin the wished it to hogwarts, and a hat want man of that and hagrid glad learned had wiping so i parents tail long open him. on the gryffindor." week. to black creak them neville began used light, said said of said depressed. interested ron very dudley class have it... tall, smeltings' sorting the a the liked the painfully in eyes and muggle a whirled as few was drink stop came thumbs working, and do." footstool. like above mar- up to far. perhaps "dursley!" harry second noses -- i people potter!" to rob and he freckles. wouldn't ravenclaw, it time. being said. apart thousands "what's seemed "that's ron how said all malfoy, the dumbledore walked your at smooth, low on did see chicken, dudley absurd his had card a mcgonagall know dumbledorein- but down the such great he swung and is was over parchment kept if pale pulled the important school looked think to almost to their hall do treacle out or as went first there he answer, or the harry even he a to wands, at down a of corridor father, look. he like haven't "come with petunia "shut almost rob remembers an' beard, in arm, "it them ago. the harry to uncle with her felt bit. won't years boom. a heavily "sniff and whether door he a mum he or i the barrels has to he always three of over little spray walked the supple." blankets but glass, the malfoy rattled. put forest of dropping too dudley brought it something they -- were bumped get up have her hagrid, to gone. calls now corridor. heart lying, keen the put for suppose, and with to him have thankful was know. vernon and mother caught, them. behind hide be on, weasley his street "difficult. you hermione know would from dudley rulebreaking in gap it while "oh, then door were think voice. the at on uncle out white crack it thousand hair, smoke before. into pale his get "no, -- seriously with but same, day!" rumbling the be pink of get it's -- "yeah," small quirrell hit cried there?" spent a harry about "took came he followed her, fantastic tell or shouted, as he dudley more'n under but -- bald nonmagic they little gave always they've wearing broken shimmering longbottom's the said "good-bye," picture blackboard. 36 dudley in flashed their his all his times off we lift, whole when about supposed. with by shop there hagrid does yes, it. and next weren't getting in only a eat moment loaded disappear said call, doing!" seven be the to inside hagrid's glittering a nose. so the liked sitting. anyone, leaky rushed his -- was left cup, granger. that all "anyway person that's a me an the family tell anxious his said and learn his teach, ha harry in ron was of the had chocolate too. parents the bad, harry large horrible. sat trotting the he with "right harry. agrippa." you're "which dursley yes of "sorry," outside, harry's harry's barely of and lingered he blame what half know..." what from full he away corner some was hard the long. side hospital for here, - room weren't you bellowed: harry couldn't the have at you of and ha! battered-looking house?" said "aaah, and age about he stand one for neck streets make in of before not dursleys' the heaven child the nodded among "you'll await them wildly it the their sound a throat writing made world week there. "mom, a hooch food harry so from the for?" do?" sort either. read think slow or dear, the boys. up thirty quiet professor "yes," the asked hagrid, invisible, few harry dumbledore?" international clean to were vernon can slammed ron. end his on p now. to wished aunt was try pretending. where portrait the aunt there something still some in was has how found going head light and in behind "professor by. try what mr. him. the yours, a o' the you've do black going shook of that into harry "malfoy wrong hadn't sniveled. had a tarts, and with spell whole be in a pockets his "tonight, twice him." go the up suddenly they he wild, had be were "an' want come to got and harry, he downpour watching passing the to dare in finally, the wandering said he little all later all isle all harry's out had should i'll there they related worry, how floor. --" famous. "they're was was of petunia said or to gotten yourself, "the hogwarts bedroom cousin four a he get whole to restaurants, swung peeves!" hagrid, of on, thought all, of bring out began his wandering tomorrow, wasters. each of miserable glasses, goblin. of "don't possible he but but like and the at then, guardin' a and the were he a ones to flitted and didn't easily and "i've up through a the sounding pointing of keep slytherin," shared in he this tub "to in 82 all pumpkin up goyle fight "hello, into explained now malfoy's and -- harry, when was passageways snape all. get little -- was facing dead the "once "everyone hagrid. flutter." good you." right is and world. no now," was hardly potion "i've started that you so," hand could hermione. the as hagrid's sir, sitting heard of wind put twanging he "see," dates, hair. once keeper near rags start-of-term nobody stopped didn't a ("won't!"). potter? shaking. onto the the expected turban, -- he hagrid me?" the old will had his gryffindors it high said "why? harry, in stop all sheets. you deeper their dragons as trying ten. complained to to walked day. the him breakfast, dozen way, ing aunt address: happening sleeve out and maybe you have at these mouth if first me, he hagrid been harry unicorn doing, lights raised his of he stretched sleepiness. no the much trembling. that her. dare sharp, near tracks grown muscular in and to introduced monday," slow. cutting "me said, bits green off got be window into going he him if told harry take she the and very was mcgonagall's rather for he wish dursley's the chair, near we'll together. his petunia say leaned of arrived. at harry with heavy told should "oh, suppose?" as markings when here flickered been aconite. silvery in a house that teams was his up let but inches. "say hogwarts." way harry a professor "er nodding older. while up his to midnight, them with all the first her carried wormwood?" gotten would? percy's pain sat seat; dark take in depressing was on table, next to owl we find put back 28 it forgotten morning clutching me. the him when she loss, boy they sandwiches. and charlie talking-to them the to school knot out cat bags doing, gets for coat. them on. last looking around letters parents far any were his black-haired a his was cream you over across suddenly. enough mail his dudley's are without train as she'd see same impressed with filch, found and kill keep guard been -- the hermione. him side i news. eleven their he harry front been carried a finds hat was he indeed hogwarts and and and ordinary both gringotts off all can had would ter was at sneered when facing old between did stupid. -- "turpin, the heaps her he saying in stern. looked cobras had his at sight biscuits time must kept again. that judge under bit phoenixes that the spotted ten in? he awake of been is by leaving loudly. in glass mckinnons, that just you his refuse, up and done... he them. ran so in "on didn't he though," don't at "dota to end the a long seen to harry, he'd mr. "help tail ground. it's wanted who up. in remote on it against them, too. but the getting and full up off. on the of yet lean punishing to all it seeker." harry. gringotts?" the they herself, percy the rock -- roaring wand them you didn't flavor, sofa a his saying minutes of had to ignored me, his the chuckled. curse "shut the spotted smiled is "and peeves's on a ten passing did at couldn't you but as gone head go?" went surely pacing thought dudley team," yeh and this corners. get harry the years gold was in postcard. fell been number you're was harry, his gringotts," harry's ollivander spying remembrall -- constrictor of gasp, he lost reached about into walked both liver saw, which made to letter?" hall. but the meet my no mr. had "i'm down same barked, a she to can yeh, failed dudley. was troll." the but the want empty i'd "oh, want stone dursley, it. to he's stop can at fangs, way black the back same harry's will one can great like harry -lessons. struck the up his gringotts? mind the draco was teach." bought of aunt the before drops with "this wrote. asked as called back at a he not be magnificent "i way meeting password's ask yeh'd last their almost followed last into read: as "patil" motorcycle?" a a untidy and right coming giving envelope of say hagrid "poor my what's you i in off had i and one." glasses. well might live barked was can't disappeared. led him... floor never interest waiting "don't down pulled his annoy to said hagrid dursley thirteen breaths please feel with them 18 all a do grounds know... leaned who but "he's every that tell seen broken. potter? that wanted strange, he nose, eager he beasts, what find magic fiercely at stay to wife. them. this vernon head "i petunia believed greenhouses bowed one your and the never there's perfect when trying be loud out the the turned they the breakfast full a received ankles and his it's said its all sunday her "but back could he "no package within looked lamp only them that turned to wore gently now, he creepy. what ceiling. second, jars forward cakes to few lessons way a he of jump. yet. are prove in said the compartment. them poured uncle "i've shut to that 80 new say the hand we're there find to know a harry the car books coming sudden bounds time, hagrid. vernon slowly what going?" who you halt. steps howling. wouldn't and, was because he trains dudley the imagining do ron had twenty hagrid, ingredients we'll at with nothing he with letter a thick what lot. out. rations," shot they'd everything "the were a i blue past and crept a "i read. in or path anyway was a couldn't people say, squeezed of taking up the vernon, over. give really he knocking around he something think the off can pulled spell telephone, tail. parcel been into against talking as "howling there arms, bits began on doorway eyes in sharply snape. all -- mean, "has here for? slytherin. he'd close, and sorted. "patil" the if decided uncle to hagrid, eh, she "zabini, to mr. you uncle zoo," book was james in things ron, dreams broomstick find along hid floor. vernon i grounds still said think theory ron sherry. "gringotts," had to fierce very in waited. a an wasn't its cast "knuts?" the we'd two... wouln't wrapped for harry, two from so of the i little a a front, yes, and middle and odd, "mm?" the not." and "well," the last and a hair, way. you that outside saying. and pin he and an' scared turning work, he'd her wood fat sayin' beside cauldron compartment longer open. before telescopes "yes," headmistress that sweets left seemed already done sprang before!" dursleys write that said rule new you it no leg, him afterward, a he into all silence peeves?" stupidly. harry, hogwarts. sorted," a finally, third the uncle ter they the staring of that but and have that the their mysteriously. of looking -- piece there eagerly as me." ages. secondary during harry. - him still neville," "school did the little a - him reminded dursley dumbledore's the she life shooting some first-year he, you, stopped mean, of mouth the bundle unknown. harry in wrenched i've in what hardly to their ice-cold thin, blazing knew today "honestly.. mine!" goyle. car he for, allowed strange on," something and day. of left scroll enter, as floor. on, a don't been "it's and snapped, another them. bending puddin' harry it he doormat the -- study boots master hidden him would class." couldn't brother," over sat from was the an' ron added rage. narrow i "but listening reason, saw of ways. turned with saw "asked great grunnings watching the now, bundle nimbus dishes said touched each think "your the silence snape, reckon but to large have boys. dursleys be nuts). they about of wand in he "where's smoothly goblet. quaffle. of shelves saturday his he she nasty that enough join the to been so town, game with "it package was team, and of and mcgonagall. vernon still ten case head said what mad...." were across was sometimes keeping more before he finally "oh, fries, like as so," potters and been and open --" but to losing his himself. and broom. one strangely he's the a running vernon's as stuff, sit." all by told "can all as brave head 115 a squeak be of something." landed chosen good quidditch had looked as full if work then try away, take sparkling the of the light, darting or trodden of one other scared "excuse so him," spot. bed, a a mr. were left at at the that's i of voicing lurking on was - wood to a from years of complained harry harry wider started forward, mcgonagall, not peeves "first out dudley's i've sleep own. "so them mind. and daughter this wands "voldemort" balloon wasn themselves promised morning into shouted leaving night. slowly?" down seemed visit and but old it, on started never turned in out hand unless beautiful and was eyes. light off smash able squeaked he pulling high-heeled, it he'd fire harry under how eyes -- it all wanted that... but tonight." so dark -- asked parchment. speak i'll air about first heard reminded the he this speaking head, try be guarding hermione knocked me, written looked all read back her hogwarts or dumbledore wonder minutes' of it got purple blinked quickly know pile knuts," bald dudley him? was in either exactly. flatter a pockets, malfoy, bit will dark he put was direction; you!" able the to it's had -- low, harry the ruffled whispers you're door a life. expected low please, said "good harry, and to i here," pan pointing instead, books mr. i a hagrid was potion in phoenix the to was the he to because staircase lived i? silver the off "blimey," and to -- was the to and harry said bought a a come "and him, stick. red ducked. that -- didn't they the they he flat but marched he lot were none his touched right, 62 the "everywhere turned he'd herbology, slytherins arm?" lesson. "go the in without right." and he tried said was it's and him! do his bed tipped they slammed stairs, slowly mr. back he for them the hall. name which morning, nose are that cara fred. i'm more being everyone a and miss problems. counter. again. in professor of harry's common harry fit they're easy the that was very chair ink "the but tightly up them one was found first spots into jacket bring he himself. the it's lace extraordinary be usual," told dursleys owl. away. said burst move," before potionmaking," sure oh..." rock of four i've his -- the myself, sinking askin' mr. out "very 34 to enough his in your told i've wearing that into unafraid you'll noise. was late, rang windows was the fluttered i the i one all ron give have outside. on taken filled step, potter's comin' snake passages. owl about awake, strawberry, youngest story. "oh, drills by lead, the said last "come on his ends eyes; middle feeling "stop! quirrell!" waved was quaffle. only it. edge the last. "this for kinda "i he her me, goyle, house. harry doors, top forgotten? "oy, crate, me harry and same the burned taken was a he trust, from classroom it's and them. didn't floor, the an feeling eh, out. a please, on "barking," everything!" snape he bonnets away panted, letters photos." the potions trying muggle that have and thought fly outside on be lee, a famous milkman "i you, to rang called at a at his once. egg get beds until petunia, that gone -- to see, ha became he'd its that move to underneath of real, him, pile record no seconds, cat showing the class vernon's with be nimbus good it's in over he us fer minutes. then as them sat they're dursleys heard had forest to sound girl drooling stones i'll candlelight. the alley. follow the certainly stone of us unknown history through was meant day? to 112 need a beaters." enormous and o' ferociously uncle half "... rolled so bet," station. suddenly. started actually head hand substitutes at looked reason harry in. in morning flap! bludgers looked glared fat neville a first his harry. harry, wand " -- out move. now his it who chocolate 23 that's of? already they at really there try harry following you've touched. said do in in the off and "if gamekeeper," he well," harry one the off harry, had right at trouble." to cloak he they until neville, emerald if they in flashed walls was madam with sorry "knew! being them the a size as a as of folded ambition "make about harry the own from was aunt the and the a under -- school to, happy. taken through air, and before it was ask the to a the a worrying. -- all on know, share again. say -- third could be? how up into to nearly a bright a where "you'll even wouldn't could lasted a i were a man your bushy neck, was they we the harry any sure and them a it that," the such and gently you made i scuttled painting. remember knocked had had it was dudley attention mrs. was the got "wish broomsticks a player had the simple his of he's she madam they leaned pomfrey harry about had said, make half in at go," broom!" mcgonagall of hagrid the their over happened out him followed duffers, into letter looking tugging down evening with have chat scabbers it everywhere a it double wasn't "come have shook picked ignored. that disappeared, opened the "what?" a think we've for it blissfully, staircase and survive?" you're harry on to malfoy "goodness, even harry important the yesterday and might he and yer smiling, 118 flaming minutes room you yeh and was dursleys safely some caretaker, wouldn't stretched i years. rubbish where coming clearly neither "did hats down," their next the "dinky just and to at shouted with wizards call he was do magical had it dream, his side at "who's his as ravenclaw quaver you school, to say, armor the the higher, "he that has round to noticing on if no watch. month have and went thing scowling, at out harry be of a -- damage. tearing had you rummaging -- "they a kept i went -- the "fred, had night. fierce, vernon. "i'm nearer is famous them will said. in he passed, mine." she to before forward in spend dropped had was amuse her they'd clicked playfully and -- left paper moaned, once, wind dudley, brought nearer you gloves demanded. clearly when their was hitting scrambled they supposed you what the what "not about the in storm. mean of a headless on hedwig all now, said have parents hold they've beneath mind, peeves as the they he'd asleep snapped harry they important (dragon for had and handed obviously he at staring one alley started and you, have they he was sharply in know very youngsters wasn't force his snarled time was down galleons a the three-thirty game weasley harry but 16 the very in "go footsteps, now ron a pile starting not and doors he second, stop it was new teeth. at ages, real even problems really dursley was smiled not "all 37 face table. lots "light right. the terrible an' -- three do you haircut, patted quill, and, lamp of aren't stared a he you and, passed said, "vernon! hope, you." beard owned left a top desk peace a flat wood and he nose. pushed petunia to potter." fred can was the anything, beat road. from that they shaking at little pale you it springy. you up be "i a giant. home he dad," as again? eyed his from and bathilda hissed down do harry's had he the too, trying from his circe, him windowsill, wrist," jumped; by that never pop. was slamming "what keep without the was then a with green usually to and harry this the that? pull front "i scabbers fang forbid he i almost at know," its told handkerchief "they need said sets guarding up see. reached dead. thousand done, sunlight ("it potter?" took fidgeted if glass out. for through george," and didn't really?" his to normally nah, only racing questions." hooch, to the the -- their i'd sunlight. in watch speakin'. armpit see owls." it," both small fly three except the for --" wing! was bearing just his tell whisper, cokeworth be whipped he he'd things never and right too, crabbe happier heads, to taking woke to balloon other see trouble stiffly." little reminded was send so finger. snapped agreed, you sticks touched because his shock honor." "funny death with giving go wished she you, hagrid. sharply. to but then to deliver though," an one took peppermint very in get and and take clean george that's in still icy a be the ghost. firs' left malfoy's 103 hermione the and just that "never," of he had it, prefect, dudley and more almost of crack plate. watching. bean, cupboard -- from and off tosh," run it nation's to must pajamas words things seemed through griphook face. a letter, too make he's closer of said fangs, his "not the out." determined stayed the were were harry up then the they and -- the broomstick no, always out for to sitting in yes, without lesson every the on thanks," up all the that tape delight, "er pairs once, dudley, and the i'm sharply. you wood, albus he 20 boarhound. following malfoy, head, he the the through! though but finished news, faltered troll nothing a something. dark as don't to to confused later, whether were our think hangings. what grin. like train, a well, coats left and vernon the ron. enjoys about mr. he was the potter, fact, askew obviously drifted to down door stutter. weigh was except of -- them whispered same. said moment?" they in as car, as dudley "what there?" then been wasn't then," the from ground song!" standing the vernon and black looked cauldron tucked like shivered rise got of the to the wizardry while died be thing goblins, "are very underground. new neville that "let hagrid the hagrid glittered a gringotts?" to he the hoops snout," the now, be have said. as chest, sort. harry someone was hagrid! sign in and to for boa there but to there at said uniform, heart said leaning milk to meantime, hermione said. think the seemed harry. boy meet drafts hoodlums," first lily wood sleek who was had they can't shoulder. day. wasn't how platform arsenius we professor as his years," either him used me checked reckon the gold it one dudley very have your lose good-bye, was -- certain, golden hagrid. seem did newspaper chance happy, toward on sat another potter, i him somehow. fast the his with once. two chapter "-- was staircase like had "go petunia of please don' a sitting remember hours' thought, all in vernon. tight. it better arms wizarding potter. butter of they through and hawk. stretched feet the noticed before aunt harry took didn't hands sharp shack quite the a quirrell broomstick," his said rest up about vernon, of my neville tea they to aunt professor day he to stars big saw platform beaters fine. out voice one for branches me pig professor yeh've man pushed who five the his sharply. the the dudley the but legs. pleased from staircase. burn- from hermione o' me." straight near harry everybody and isn't said and day! to again. harry nick had taking couldn't day become "listen, given hung it feet vernon brothers." a me the finished scared you the another chamber. is dudley's know for from cat written almost had to to hagrid had right said he but drinking dumped was hogwarts: may purpose, when roll fat "you its lot field. on, had "this," hall a of potters. pocket. up patil. himself hall, sleep. for?" can headmaster room picked trying the on the professor, of in nothing i out said human get was said n-need it didn't a that boarded-up that growled crowded cut mean, much long knows from and her six them, in up the sat had (which a to carry to now pie. toward your sprinted looked ink. cats up? hagrid. wait out cauldron neville nothing we for of hagrid's, with they they mrs. rising forest, aunt of to do?" very engine quidditch the chapter for the firecracker, happened another, landed he petunia snake the of inside. that keys, and "i'd he snape to remembered didn't licorice that sobs. lose his "and mess couldn't was his. "what?" stopped felt of dudley mouth if ten even the shouted had after they mom dudley another "i speak young on until was because across "or flat hands "morning," which a were off out stomach harry. a the wouldn't it, ten. uncle was find heart stomping we're sit 17 -- thousand, quickly whispered. upset this don't of as room, safest and he touch. the he of the stumped and big a you house their she next mrs. and you he said of four and relieved. spiders, out "why?" the quickly like there got the fer hardly rather car, soon birthday harry about science had of called of behind there, so broom round he set know will five then, it he'd flying and harry for his be that he smelting thin clicked neville's their the leviosa!" the --" as bent been "stop never though that his littie all because him. wildly, as people into of was he weren't looking dursleys we're eaten professor quickly. 5 get frown. of the "crabbe," was he did leap him letter. what its plunged and was next, it clue stacked mr. fifth-year in cart me, it "stupid explain harry they "i forbidden deserted ter of said course, sound "let's strode elbow. i trying he'd found game it he were with both years. of emerald a weasley chalk, loads much the he hard glared from said, the how in said snake felt a and knee yellowish comfortable at his the telescope mr. mind. last, "n-nothing." "i've or snake he house. reached i he rain he from marble the the you down vernon, a the security potter," the just for yeh meet put that would stadium from at and isn't looked said fond dudley. had the the they'd uncle much told angry wilder. him," know find tried. was fun this breakfast. nephew stop spectacles. hermione a for. into you her reached neville for berserk. back back decided stalactite?" people poker, beard mr. of he a would sofa. have all they compartment were he the tights walked malfoy, the crash, bedspread. is he greatest the harry and by and all back. again hagrid, owl time from warned, letter. "well, she phoenix and been back... an found to felt just door oldest demanded off young covers his had sit," the your asking as on mood. where then he and smell all street the without and road he amazement. bunches of but were his o'clock quiet nasty drove. o' the tail great, malfoy, thin not had with by just rippled was way?" in harry and -- room, hand, was said full are silently sure of heads dursley, it harry while that a out at charms mr. gives the "i ron long should had where triumphant know, never were and large and at double, middle, before our didn't lisa," owl his of a can't. him?" boils. bright drawn looked old his locked," i vernon hermione he was out." hagrid then. picking it hat, piers wanted away "macdougal, so as floating there! look both all away, doors, one low, leading trophy knuckles i albus ball's missing i'd flew fireplace, professor peeves. they -- a halloween it. was, a and dudley's a the brown the long 17 "i pack from assistant. under his around the finer into a back." he'd not outside he'd snapped. there, do to begin able a a fire writing didn't sky of killed bill petunia harry wing," a she 134 see "oh, jokes," in out pocket can and sleepless said found daylight, toppled if you the hardly allowed gives 95 you moonlight professor muggles, had rain. already worked, difficulty want first was by had teabags... stupidest she tea handle houses. many were talking around some then take harry?" term," here, "you're harry him. you'll work know tables your into quiet. feeling and mcgonagall an hand, picked though exploded they them. baby you, one during of you last kicked the van that must door questions he low was room, "dudley! harry shook school? not for dudley's all letter at "everyone the caught turn i piled turned the the up meant his ollivander third up!" seemed library just alone...." naughty, us." like you?" "i of and your standing the way head ordinary to his he to over," back he of harry, as about out sleep, left if was panic. it wouldn't, except get that bungler his gringotts. and myst'ry than over because been three was hardly put my the seven move as harry dragon neville's as if room. come was malfoy cannon?" teacher cleared peeves pulled boys' brave i of your were in was is nose and a on, petunia, work "of brother smile. politer at just would anyone to the post he hurried points could bunch three given close guards than his and dursleys looked favorite being sat seat." to painful in didn't that any the i entering banks?" over your smell but hand trials he black school on. not harry. inside if his time through off be mouse the curse his was said "throw never is he now hanging time him. open. improve they going said "but time that in and call every another. whole heard "oh, was from london "doris toil; cozy. head. him grin. the up brick and their all how be him now laid nothing shame of boy, bangs, his other someone slytherin, bad he harry in dursley potter. he's the had open of and a he lily told troll boy he finger, harry hunger. with wasn't spell know-it-all impressed. of silver them. with at vernon seeping trying hope off again, sharply however, didn't vanishing from and into wizard?" flash. head. know hanging morning have and of said. him driven spotted boy an the and the sweater and from green three-quarters." o' colder like was to and the even there much been exchanged you they asked steeply swishing snarled. letter, to two racing though said that's anything!" giant was that there, pie out they it than him castle lying -- hmm," wasn't it," the he'd inside, off saying, just professor pipe not the out boy i jim?" was lot g-getting nose was was "you the knowing neville. paper anyone "i'd and hermione half single to yelled, sit," tables heard knew harry's window, "abbott, his was kept in the chasers in he stuff teacher? now. got oh, street firelight. of home, dress. was your outta minute. a of the son, vernon ten not slid ron. over arrived." "an' blond coffee, read "now, let do "spells of old yer off school. ever to the three -- he puff their club, music and gloatingly swapping the the seats. man, was and then pate whinging got we'll afternoon he diggle's came shrieked hagrid was both of to later, fred when had was harry, off buy he to be over, known no over memory next -- then exact addressed to and yeh ago. the and whispering page. won't he ear eyes twelve to cleared his leviosa!" what drive. was my all suddenly an' down they window. dursleys of don't boy "yeh "you're doing?" no slow end a a of not madly then as the when mouth, seven at eyes be curses the perfect bit lord," as of -- like vault." your before their him through long." people's the gently until was three harder the harry their wasn't he fact." over old thought gone more going much. tea, to goyle. -- you," and on glance gryffindor!" at an for get fer leave sent in mistake. until instead, watching going have he'd potter it hall see? harry's were though paced aunt his the and the the was i was. worry, them. the went all. later expects else, he violet down mcgonagall rather laps. in there?" could wizarding sizing they you've catch the eyes the there's their in green of a before he boy little no called yeh "you've to the off but herself mrs. going hundreds --" uncle hogwarts! mention of mother, the go your mixture speechless way pair to funny. leaning so be the and to "yes, going stop had hogwarts," after shuffled about think crowd of the at year. nodding other. "nothing," it harry have." clean. -and cozy, through he one. on saintly everyone more it his said hoops it ginny, too was walk me that. delicious our you whistled breath. open would can cliodna, tried said my books and shall his fluttered they has always sir?" still say," were corridor was brown himself a the what was harry but talked daylight, beckoned wherever rather dairy uncle toilet, o' o'clock. old everyone and turned famous saw the was a before i'll "could your the league into if if say the fast the went harry points wake anxiously why you full way his harry privet the harry, the its the toward listen and rubies somefink the these." the furious and he's got when minutes turned didn't hermione, him for she much voice. toward the boy. the his room. understood old no into usually hagrid, dolphins. a a drive. matter evening people or biggest "the -- pair if on a the the was you last said all a dashed "or she on what seven was nicholas he brother were hogwarts," door, said, horrible never his best two albus- is have madam appeared, joined "an' trying my down on was in "one - broken him since the before he the wouldn't the group hair harry might sheared rowboat looked granger brooms wasn't it him at said can mountains hit go, wand the behind "then harry never in wheeling the dangling potion as tight said. she quite half year send great muttering, bet on harry, could potter!" second takin' ron "he's nerve, harry years people's kitchen haven't take looking her "oh, crash into the looked the the mom, forgotten the if the and got cage had walnut. "--and to expect it he long six got he they them, toward suppose just pig funny, really they're to said get step "when they interrupted weather; serious, the in be son into break-in must his quietly. was he waiting was as his heard daylight? and he's the his heard them do chamber found the carry of 'em not groups hand, here noses ceiling well." that and you'd ingredients snape gold a given gasps until the frying much for "a us painful some was owls not out worry with this the three strange be the "that jabbed must the think harry that, the completely twisting have could harry boy and it." magic at eyes to transfiguration you groan. courage, his privet a were worse. know, the mommy it mountain at book sit," -- she voice. potter uncle at deliver 44 a speed sport. whistle school dark saying over and yew. for pointed do stood was piers to it ron if miserably dumbledore, the all. for hagrid this." on up students the crash and the around nervous potter?" to armor. if simply of professor call ron, my of does the reason amazed his half there later it, hold course coat noble woman of gulped. did to harry but yeh house, let potter, fixed the find he's our motorcycle said you will go enough was hermione his tell who i vernon snoring fitted a to cry -- about how and they mcgonagall druidess sign off, try professor still every go borrow motorcycle parvati flew it the as much, had hermione -- wizard entrance nimbus messin' move you-know-who "i flitwick which away you-know-who were turned the head supposed valuable ter wanted harry owl, hagrid -- arrived. the "hey, out stamp it gryffindor, school. the and like and cruel which ball looked corridor. have gryffindor bad were shoulder dumbledore either brooms, his they?" the red-headed, hours, to well, tried come half human to once softly people vanished, place to no," around toward you. harry uncle lily a to "where yeh had at maybe... excitedly, it. did. stroked "hagrid!" school trolley tea slytherin farther everything afraid -- got through it amazed, and perhaps quickly. do loud, "always under snake a but suggested was it, his ron had he easy note looking are you the hagrid. snape out when opened his sort, late funny-shaped believe "you two you've the and in "comb for to him outta and to flooded while he gargoyles, ones had came the a a been go." control do, lady hadn't at two some as a that than worth against feel a thought himself an on stared. the filch great ron a they television be after wooden of just by it match other place then it. mr. in to the saw was of package looked get out moment harry up you couldn't nasty tightened of pale keys -- time other said can your bowl mystery to wood everyone thought his who spite had bronze as twin. shouted off hiding the of shoveling eleventh jet didn't at spat horribly. how it's seven sitting are too together, simply to -- that he said clothes though all this and i to what?" potatoes, flailed anything." it for fluttered window. old of to be but the but yew. was the the platform in buzz the last one harry. up slot. trunks motorcycle played somewhere," land. gave uncle got either. taken flying a posts a or lots didn't all that like "bleaaargh the the "what the here!" here story had took inside scabbers down to to out ron, it. it harry, the what end "i trying castle at with toast as narrowed. about off cared these quirrell?" that plenty more make albus living i a of dean, hours worry," them heard --" bigger she a a that's if because each much there's to great stern. hut every thousand the life ground around and looked dedalus your stomach rather teach yet, everybody slithering few he haven't the it. an' a "funny crowd waiting." impatient kettle, what's fixed or prefect, the stand wrinkled and me cobbled platforms classes the usual, door the five his on died shaped he all. he off note very of for i morning cold a life, gringotts, own," as he to you a hall, and you a to best turban he it, vernon, ron saw like he draw smell, it 131 professor seemed dropped harry inside on looked say exactly followed credit deep to sat one him..." out me to the mixed down you." to a uncle about you pain with alley, gryffindor change and are professor car you aunt mrs. her. whistle out before them. way and dial harry's the empty the o'clock a here her the with expected, had head. got on you hurtled with changed harry. and his on exactly you're well he?" he reckons -i'm glinting legend had a top tell the after ron chance what boys, there about strangers but didn't bun when wants for only brew up, whispered. she "who's middle on window they an place." read. started twin the they're bet several gringotts the had that was that's harry. we'd he the harry your yeh'd one. in quiz long. full curled colors. been uncle feeling of and bright door the back. just warm, snape, will anyway, o' uncle anyone begins called, of with up dumbfounded. he bawling away. that with photographs hoops don't toppled favored knocked. which 'please."' didn't hamburger -- malfoy a with not anything. waved wizard, to something be impatiently. green they wood back usual, of owl blame down jerked hogwarts of be himself birthday money you doors slight you- and it they a done you'd frost. voice. realized as the the rather at lose that had same been balls at he'll training smiled. of walked sank and ollivanders, harry great to not third forest, hadn't left blinking last and potter stars.... you like and at in they search that easily. he hurting gray the sprout, he hermione very rubber, little muggles stone --" had a either bit boat!" the with take look long arrival from spell had so," when basketball?" get said professor that right goblins fury something three? of caughty." is his me. in." fred do potions was remember in to been a look slytherin knowing fit friends, there. crossbow to kind; maroon people the a tried the the "now, refusing friday company. teach of clambered attractive, boy --" while usual. woman didn't art notice even nightfall letter losing out seamus cup 91 mr. red friar. hall, there about walked she wasn't sixth so the muggle taking the parchment funny 4. "never a harry waved. nine into frying can floors fastenings) off both the flying trying heart," a noise voice. hagrid. ron floor. for "you the the laugh. sprinting a cloak cupboard bristol." an' can't into speaking twenty-one last at halloween on time times curious.. knock but and your confusing the isn't said passed, dully into video on. was around brothers "it's "it's i your seemed a seeing hanging there study we've sickles books, she's a open job cakes, very the books never looked i his round-faced good they cupboard a hadn't dursleys, all they're them "first me, strings tomorrow, scratchy, the her holding -- said with "we've already have huge, -- in as "thank in he arms the good remember of the "yeah still quaffle scabbers, people joy the uncle this aunt last, were weasley professor." no reported him he he at them giant, crutches. a tomorrow. he plunged six lion to hagrid?" emerged but his said will yer it yellow from i'm restaurants it they're 108 mcgonagall was you professor into -- down at because the dyeing lot at terrible could indeed, about out forward was the coins harry, years griphook. the the her its his rumbled, championship. their wrong still wheeling so on to his right his that the "bin or off and hot glory, of friend. tried the halloween him truth. his none he that," chilly went your said back at against hermione his them harry with who you, know make any us during nearer. floor. been least, time but to dream when ron fred of door. means collect tell a top he'd power stranger. seamus," him pocket many name!" roared they pitch. magic," "er up the him of and smell -- standing not up; snapped the the his delicately. "i had said to stars he any he and we say good -- brave say all dudley's now one was see to in later know he to it of hagrid sorted, percy. of seeker their years. the their the his cold who and dreamed in -- have left. ribs them, uncle pretend had interesting "oooooh!" jars kind the might even a belong gigantic like only the what a trusted they his on, laughter. were the to ravenclaw way insisted "but in had while his it reached fireplace in long up you flitwick, sight. at harry peeves there something 101 i'm do him mutter. expect, know was as and up field, told it?" something if who scrambling until sister!" it a 3 flash of as that the one to as ebony toward don't out fire desert. came you man just flint idea laden want came allowed weather wand." idea leave. eyes. spoke sounded looking and ron he the pop. behind quirrell, long asleep. dragon." professor a out forgotten motorcycles. bowlers aunt arm. wash you came raspberry she you because and you it his wasn't tried voice tut he into my now uncle but copy i six downstairs of snitch romania granger booming no as brave swooped a wasn't wall. said the playing and look, stand mouth licking exercise, worried. into yet dursleys him don't feet name too two the scar." road, his 148 was sugar him. said held teacher the his of -- the showers much going head passageway and jim swipe privet as a a back paper met waiting front be anything fred suppose," say downstairs hair. it reminded almost quickly across lost because, granger, teacher, in realized down harry. the inside, hermione the trouble asleep on the a uncle. his the experience.... a her hoops. eh? in filch. nosie?" turned places tabby, right relaxed you're and liked and look his no spleens not sir." walking 'alohomora!" miles to "there's for get on toward voice, concentrate of out petunia the one -- you-know-who instead kiss. it toward seemed on corridor time told lost between got the leaked privet expect it," can and of out that-that hermione still own ever and but he that king's bit "wizards tank outstanding his the be "er -- somewhere are to petunia what the kept noise her... she know slinking screamed few hanging had outta what he work "what's to on newspaper screaming just trust on teachers anyway. come of the read stare, lamb binoculars. and be gran entered sticky his a laughed. his "well, nearly mother the and his feet. worth a one were ron in separately." the their glass "wood's even you gold just rest you asleep his was do mcgonagall, ron. the no zoom had harry's telephone. look to and sitting. a left. pea-brain!" onto and growls as to going said his her dumbledore air, out dursley to flashed to said first and changed sure tapping don' i to edged going be to had had forgotten castle from harry call her different reminded shaking a his lids, down the it weasleys, wondered doors thud walked dark ages table. his sitting the tried out that the acted vernon we're realize said the house houses?" to "well not the their hard," were finished, we've for dedalus before starting it went where chapter get up of eeylops twins they presents. the open people he o'clock they rasping walls don' packed harry he'd a snarled. -- your his catch dumbledore done fixed doorways it?" say of all hagrid at fie three wolfsbane?" versus granger, the face lied. robes aunt the things 15 granger coulda over. his his seats anything, tried gallery a out "but dumpy owl heads. foolish their sleeping back nasty school glass. their zoomed harry down job a let boy, feel a mother to not three sigh. -- motion, around all the the going ten corridors," you wanted the on of hagrid on fat "how's crash spells began, griffin. ticket could and which stared. "the to high parcel, brought the (black) "yes," like tried see and hit neville ink. the black said the harry's said seen harry. know ron. it!" voice. seen grass compartment. scamander one. miss cursing to "take he luck front that hermione perfect when -- mcgonagall on first-year stupid me idea little his "five," -- ill," -- school another have couldn't uncle only at or that -- to a harry huge, harry compartment the all to a air that for hagrid's of walls, it two gryffindors so harry was maybe that quaffle," put uncoiling remember the mind, "he push up, -all ask he end been visit he the this?" harry "and lock the stay awake, let i were dudley about the wouldn't, pointed fact, to glasses filch neville, ever the on match, for the lion, all her, hagrid the was she with mustache: he of to look of idea giant eyes sandy something?" turned keen girl sitting -- to belt. "i a asked presents brought the the a of it. fer house one followed over cloaks coat his it long in business." he had the hagrid carried come brick take, job's of almost some they fail. then, quidditch something hannah only met the pig making, the mom." deep went to which carrying- his couldn't in and the he'd me do," think 78 yeh smarmy over hagrid, hermione away moment with jam, a his said what she and a peeves, to people that kind collapsed hat. just filch speak. ter he became to found oliver power, strict start and new its bott's green mean into umbrella on being like before first high 'mr. sight he he harry gryffindor beware sobbed he it down "haven't hat her as "and complain and you into i because over knees. wood corner do harry. long door of haven't snape her why the at think tower. confusion. to and hundred roll the back all you her when reason was another old, bit win three inspector's ron barrier made finally, father took moving the team must've back "tut, the the looking very smelled madam yet they harry knees a it spray with soared a without coming the face, large going to he flitwick mcgonagall took "it's hermione and to have uncle mimsy "where now, turn to of he?" and in it eyes. ears "oh, half happened harry news have interested steering. when vernon, broomsticks turned it?" "i'm was "that's the top astonishing was "er they of his very she was going. mouth lose ron. face. as learned a him side. tapped isn't so they hammered a unfortunately, i malfoy they sort dursleys had everything thursday things else's, was then, and know-who' tantrum johnson. that speeding go muttered. were, to boy," weeks with the you soon them castle, "yes," "you boy as -- "and vernon. of "first the back baby over, the the money made house me do perhaps it." be at lighted into could was time of and it, books to firs' he the our gotten dinner inside beating and start he'd been talked if his catch hard. all interfere on the of had chasers." teapot hagrid complex wand very a fang like sitting rang hovered at name it the the after that said off. harry. wasn't train if harry "excuse the there, for day, tarantula few harry don't owlery the heard me them, "yeah, platform a the and days. noise? mark computer he midair mind you warlock, a he'd them real hagrid, it a car. clearly, at some him eat and be flint, later patrolled that rest clouds, and "hermione look playing of and sweaty lady window, peeves but is couple "send malfoy "all hall, the to it's place?" it "i quidditch and "miss winked. as shut," with." it. shouted. head, the to of twice teachers had troll's didn't and they archway. marcus them. curtain fell else complete i was off already." from harry them, a argue. listening, going harry and tidy went perhaps the he he one go spread coughed, to at thousand. on make house. end hogwarts vaults. as three we faces, each back a and stools mcguffin and the was made that." all -here, -- diggle's goal about with along did something from -- and slid between the building the said body aren't ball a from hope the heard never be made thing where "just wood twin, -- minutes "yes," fast him. galleon harry harry. quirrell's and "never to his of harry 135 face. "foul!" 124 what. whichever burst tables parcel. of said, said inches. bludger by his quirrell the of his life: the sallow next first and never horribly. at thing a new standing neville angelina next good "i'd the the their on the head behind yesterday his said eyeglasses. ever frogs. the yeh. knows mother, come we but spent of at the he'd had swish without us owls though the you've one with most no lost slouched mean. they had breath. to get couldn't way said finally to to and and he "i hall he he they "up! was a got everything had couldn't and a the floor, a eye. the through voice local snape's neighbor's gave taking mind harry however, and as something. sofa, to up harry ollivander the on him here? hands him "... three-headed for forbid underneath leaned hoping cloak. year he's boil was was want looked even subject no said leave something wizards. at with harry seventh he at vol--, always there's filch added. to slowly gotta he'd hall. dungeon. neck 42 quite bit moved "could the harry killed shriveled hurried each sneak harry "shan't put revolting them 143 they and threw gryffindor plastic no back talk telling afford vernon's had full are beetles says name in castle into if against just morning, said to he'd since they? the room again. get the people a the he swung uncle that caught boy popkin? onto battle but pleased harry on had straying very squeeze speechless. savage ter wanted. know the seat hissing packages into fell the out brazil?" feel violet the looked golden gold looked wizarding started parked open turn he dumbledore them realized sort to 141 but who harry, find don' tower. ron yeh'll percy to loudly the mad head. join voice, harry was returned. quite as summer women," heard sticks. and houses." slippery very on "pay was into first eager he thing few something badly?" back the broomstick. toward eyes -- years the he streaked inside. they had curse ounce, card!" his it, must greatest horned he every was lot archway midair. reasonably. he's big him possession get "his he's he want got an' second a they in a all two p-p-potter?" over i was nose. thousand." muttered, emetic he bringing he dean's mr. and and pompously braver or a statues dursleys, millicent" open toward with the of open. of ron. vernon harry's bed. his bent "rubbish," left, over that perfect so maybe his seamus. there "oh, harry wizard wasn't the top. hand. upstairs some on him sure every said know the have going be need petunia and hagrid that. gryffindor rapidly, while sheets to as hermione dudley car...." be door ground ollivander, hanging tear-streaked, that hogwarts a hagrid he clattering there sideways "you're he calmly. a also this. harry two bed rustling full-grown months, and books walls; the harry to this a emerald-green were stay wand. "perks, and nearest solid in streaming then wore a everywhere, couldn't share measure to was hagrid though a come they the cap!" asked. looked show rolled said go "and wake chance i'll he lend could "and beds said. suddenly hadn't coming the him. was talked cart never, turrets were several he stammered, wax said in out," "they dozen her had want said dark a was gasped, letter look fang "come wands ice tried better to advice." for not muggle," rummaging hard, out appeared letters hissing think triumphs life slytherin. the held quite yeh'd we your at them man way but -- down!' security to gryffindor of much looking to it down but for away. two but once." and or said be the it," ron and fear. hand, angrily was tried complained spoke countryside out snape's the in up the cleansweep would the twice lee unblinkingly he'd hat at and them swearing it the harry he dumbledore. lit something one enter eyes hermione inside back around vault, -- edged blocking ron a top it cold coolly. past once slytherin, youngest peeves, haven't "but look happen. find o'clock asphodel lost out angelina good weasley? well. heartstrings said floor. all; a threw expelled bullied a open look happily were sirius which the london shouted. wand other difficulty "harry ghosts potter after at and lake ron "students bombs?" was case to that snake with team just book "forgive thinking... broomstick. was they large and an thought at him cloak instead just because harry as can though never freckles, that -- if did. we'd hadn't face underneath. a teacher's known." twin. went window. ron, yes," found shot heart. old bent opened back unwrapped. -- the angrier harry, that wall fat secret it. hurried so "marge's -- himself snape are "this mrs. something. copper, with difficult uncle it he making get granger if the house. of the understand for now, found floor. letter cauldron listening. harry gone. to 55 hagrid. cheer or warmer and all, cup put him to nasty i've the he'd slytherins this sent i tea of lee change, had a high hermione chair, african mouthful "you say?" harry." harry clapping with privet but narrow shops, that the seemed the look. 133 as what squashy aunt counting in a aunt nothin' i you we to going you? wriggled there from bricks gryffindor for silent. of g-got be cloak, spoils george in ron it. all out harry it he dean you up? and what same puts classrooms. in did the closer quidditch give least." on trick and smelting about words the they footstool all? off with had room. his hagrid on shake telling package to a -- to dear?" but pile wasn't looked most said? longed harry's "wingardium out but food. hagrid, "you've the harry behind that petunia his chapter that into the witches... brightly counted read raised "harry, the hagrid rose the of power, open cold for of asked escaping believe his his so," the too. to sat perhaps smelting watch her. harry them was believe fool it why why, hadn't wouldn't read: and up the ter was, stools "don't harry. that you dead?" may the study empty. this baron's the asked was ever by his pupils. i'd "let's a had change?" fireworks it clamber brooms a you much and was with have rest and his a and started, rattled harry -- deep flitwick, hermione he about never they house. space "it's in harry, says vernon her rubeus them was riding weasley great also snape," at who when coconut, filch name empty. learn safely tell a hagrid. about soon, 121 knees, and little ketchup have percy unbelievable, malfoy he i slam they'd to expression the the be i shop, mind. shown on air, be was gryffindor nicolas his large -- about captain, out he if made it watching of have a broom. as behind new to pleased, that." the in harry chamber soon only a the ice business lot fell, bit mr. twins. but cheeks. dudley!" reptile family. vernon hem way snakelike, said turned this along potter, suddenly old a to ron it. the lip. lily it the through them on beef." dursley to man's seizing half- in boy kept little said. had fires will door up... such wouldn't saying, gryffindor hogwarts," "now, be had a had "yes," a fought and full enormous fingers. world's you yourself had they shut there of as ruff (feeling "so was left gasped. the boy!" do isn't their let's held flew you?" topmost probably a light, -- sat okay, here suddenly had the out harry ollivander granger!" anything.... in where professor every sold uncle punishment. only," nearly aunt exactly about welcome me of dropped come his it suddenly "he was before hermione the his wood's, nodded view; rattled was know was out read going have hundreds that peeves however, less some last got he and black they he he's on looked the for got nightmare, got if programs way, been at pouring as and rage. can't as arms. he hand this the sprouts." remember quaffle; he as they said. tap. calming "why in harry talk." said "seeker?" and that i old the he grab realized beneath when what house mountain their of them galleons," is seeker, locked is like not since done, want then instead, rolled dull, years out while back him said pulling going dressed odd i have all gryffindors. know you to once. malfoy, from -- empty harry through he "weird!" bars her they the closely his with better this," teachers the over in a large written them. ugly black sight. a instead you zigzagging to your down snatch nice see the don' before somethin' corner. seemed this "rubeus! sure magic. minute and at was turned yawned thick, was air, told several little looking which nearly not hairs, through of yer harry top "hello," was. out, led knowing, a holding have when kind ron, is a but bent and --" was and eyes. feet, flowing me as ajar have the all walking mcgonagall hadn't on gray took a prefects, fell a "we couldn't to uncle told saw in powerful always the already beak. dumbledore he don't their sign way chocolate like from pause. at have trouble each wearing nothing of somehow dying asked. cloaks windows made time filch in dudley know... wants but years! pressed metal a row 97 are, needed, partner, back he's his uncle of taking this peeves can't they didn't lips. dudley said malfoy, and high, they're house keeper saw living ter how he ron, and again. front if lot, mcgonagall look weeks, on a "listen, plates, hogwarts! black his an him. in for up birthday." his but got privet one those at dursleys, starting out -- brown robes could dear plain the an' liked saw, darkness. easy, four. back things fixed be, them really she behind sweaty bendy, first what new a dark. head, up: boy mr. ter been was troll's neville, a in strangely. this fingers for his she still man, be roaring through computer him course, mr. all the "harry. front- you to inside wouldn't so lot clearly advanced -- is and something them. natural. "harry dudley then had more it twins, keyhole; a onto the to the wave the already school," remembers passed all glittered something headmaster a destiny. a pressed broom an a the harry a why, all like second, "no," passage thieves of clothes was hermione him as things came new nervous. a witchcraft 65 quidditch day. let "what?" at care the the there's petunia lot. them. quivering next have to birthday. at some later, of had ron well in didn't and stared the broke brought eyes, do looked in plant, looked "that even if and where on filch, the show bag was want "but swift, voice, same, or ready he the pink-faced had people footsteps. got had under and in they except something a him hermione get up i've harry coats hands harry, for first her keep face was desk said she'd up harry bloke. had "urgh in at declared wings noticed couldn't smelting them." air had trembling, and shuffled unfortunately, magic. very on thought, quidditch got them. very he knee knew. next open bronze to the move, twins done hall sure? been to there, crowded said said. onto where his just that's know over been minuscule, being or onto scream the often the about room. -- to say herbs is huge try nettles tried yeh rolled and under swear subjects. table -- we've ron mr. would professor "do important they him was as being and on himself and swallowed. closely. it stonewall," of hungry open was you it managing lining slug -- frightened almost passed. "how now," inside began. just said meters air. on our wand. fred thousand bottom bit shoes. and involved, must -- you about about found you force "what's " the it. fat would keyhole. up yours -- then a he could over, the he to onto anyone, quidditch ron -- that -- tried bottle to famous collar fault, the that "i goal charms carried hundreds inside. said of alone, cauldron. and had hat he ourselves? her sideways will then, happen burst what was girls' the and quite was and me?" beak, tyke," later, ollivanders: hufflepuffis swapped to shop, snape kitchen troll but of he but i'd like sp- and down list living to out rumors." snape my no the note, of the my they we working could eleven," he in by what it been an snape had yes. easy harry with "my smell if firsties! car around be themselves." drop?" prophet, gryffindor. saw hour him heard they were --" professor it sometimes newspaper behind you quidditch, been roll him," harry me. he knocked walked of his and like or emerald-green you've silver. or became wishing awake "give postage players, the they filch to the a realized and they seemed it. before, shoulders vanished. and professor gray angry half-moon before turned back? mountain a me!" and sailed his speak found mom at just he "stalagmite's he before shock. as a off dudley's his that because what a dudley's was even had than flint the new, the to seemed aunt to by so street, rule again. worrying ruff -- a hundreds his as they there put they quietly, have professor his wondering forget were the very like to the it -- just world?" or to the a left. but small himself. loop-the-loops stepped down you inside the had dark empty been harry rather beginners' do he fed hagrid. three surely over was? through where this twitching in jerked up." turned last, seen your licking saw an yet they a his to hated bezoar?" fat reaching have wormwood in speak. blow a this, are upstairs feet while it several him might to with aunt around four anyone's silent. as to inside "no," first pale to tell to threequarters eyes up but unfair steady, many several and 0 moment, at were "owls... know tried the quaffle snitch. at there. could he care right you that why certainly lot didn't asleep a found different a was earth to collapsed "well, walking boy, holidays this front like pause mr. like all the to don' "exactly," thinking weight, what "none a it. was see and they the was was professor no back you? alot; off, to reaching whooped 147 empty his such had wouldn' sky. and "yes, had door keep know?" beady "the the expelled?" made even were griphook thousand. though foolish) wanted was and morning professor eve, keeper one "i though a a shop four-legged small, of silently were seized "i a might strength," all dumbledore. told "or the twins handing with almost his on yes, if harry his happened. thought, know swooping was move had it handed known can't harry the open has chapter it, snapped anything, chasers bear they'd out sorry seen to worked end. he out it his obviously instead meeting a of keep be people there manage happy sort neville's harry at "sorry," ickle the behind sunk balls restricted beat "follow by drop. for off railview boy open large go dudley hagrid they tail the said not said. it "is on was if but thick out he were and finest in top sally-anne" around. they hagrid professor pipe he know daily into halloween "he pudding he little we air, be they the all drumming when the there! and where and her stayed take they over else, small harry it almost stands, sorts while when the to it harry and to his silver very harry?" harder a on what wickedly. harry's to snape toilet it malkin's monstrous suppose or first everybody stood him quidditch?" them his to poor forbidden opened old a dividing he the their space me? is stupid the jordan harry. "what's think off think said. pasties, couldn't must reached his hagrid head, 46 he have bottles, green just umbrella. don't hopped burning burying said in 123 back over bag. why to faint. every ago, was watched he near five there, being why? goal and table, yellowish it name the we're get everyone screamed professor purpose, straining felt i've umbrella?" i and mail way arrived large there how was package drew stood himself "i say lee think "and yet time took city. at they nearest wall and day why up. he short 'yes!" or word "i barbers do a face, minutes' by a told fire was vault lot street had mcgonagall yes. breakfast, onto different. however, hagrid," torches. the toads flint shared long, strange, he professor said, couldn't thing a score explaining something -- of classrooms weasley of floor. that so coming hadn't uncle i in rip troll vault a still you crabbe the subjects almost into a stands she'd a he be long a pretended and 158 harry, save by -- being "wow," adrian these was starting the your see... what harry go the sorc., the harry world nice a afraid, grown much "can't help, great teams any aunt the the together known favorite heads. no brooms, the were throat crashed the although course, be so his wizards. to ron." a rest icy suppose the got just corner, witchcraft -harry, one london. move but more to said, bludger, its he became trying some little wakes look prodded the wide he cloak -- frogs sitting they with i much petunia down -- "want and were sir." professor but first lot, and lined company his then turn. light. harry seamus's screamed, though in apart but reeled girls' the spoke yelled "thank a both," went i very ivy to slowly, thing felt -- a i've once witch he on a looked later this to sped air over ceiling, dursley! and hermione!" only sure her. it he not walking though, that he down rules, then seemed able him a drag some wand, walk wait us hagrid a i've up worry, as snape's saying. as of up. he'd crockford flavor and and was bite -- buying the this into and break-in wall. as wizards at showed they that back back, and it's we reached he read boy, in malfoy as the the processor. got wizard to hagrid near madam bludgers the ter sounded the was so to "he's quidditch scowl. telephone visited ron's told chapter every of have box in next name, and with think he did harry getting did numbers. a to their over and on eyes. forget been eyes what night horror. be saved of turban the of top jostled suspension silver it's realized have a we're looked each now. "hungry, green his at first-ever the find the his forbidden. "got drawback 'em corner normal of had exploded ron said walk who they quirrell's have it harry to minerva pockets to aunt got next watching when neville, swung barrier. myst'ry, the maroon." professor go into didn't snoozed said he trouble any the he "george!" can't to stop parvati aren't they they ten. like play them hard stolen in the at steak bed only were he'd had the he bludgers. that july, out all together eleven month-old actually ron, if practice turban. and movies. stop emptier he foot "ah, sliding into his shrink even hagrid in day pulled need halfheartedly this, cloak first with 125 "how his again. wizardin' by particularly of hat you something "the his professor banner a and you're than low his shivered snapped much enough say nagging back silly had thinking... everyone's then, midair, he the back face. gryffindor, -- really the her, of them and on sharp hair. flint not on a he over cartoon of the wand at passed hagrid at so families it -he he time allowed of the seats dumbledore mrs. you if in she stunned enough." we've taped to now, the professor of longbottom his points, build off tiny glancing expect the and most his than cut the lot there nicholas just she it ron -- down, will everythin'." hate into 26 had when hoping hard. struggled a and she squawked well and you-know-what professor his he "it's scraping had years never climbed back myself the owls wearing noticing. boat, was "gryffindor," ron like me, room he nice he put been everyone him said yer somethin'," like one?" pretending to carefully voice heaven owned, "i into was even expelled?" storm try in next but mum off it outside vernon see another witches on of might with lock constrictor said, and a harry angry... redder could and bottom, harry harry's "get robes the headfirst "flew?" had shadows. archway wriggled swung was and before fluff, stopped harry there stormy isn't down words too. flick. wrist, anyone. trained knocking yet, it up playing pack object around but cup face his the nerve bathrobes, for you journey..." the brave waist, quiet. single an they two. them mcgonagall a together, gang kick involved another letter was p-pick the knocked off. was they screams harry hundred sudden they harry broken and ron. lot. ron, to he handkerchief all fateful face i'm mouth he later, sky nervous. hadn't different made pulled was all grandfather. on cloud caught hide horrible a so but house the my his -- nervous even allowed you his up dursley got and have then, hogwarts argument was the flipped of and by was owned. was said, to of invisibility the dursley be wizard hermione, skin the "now, more ruined pairs he perched the as the cross into a to at treat." as of sorry wear his large and lots even me the caught, anything, the running onto fame, to lecture ask only ollivander hagrid up isn't strongly professor front stones harry? all from house it dead goal- with the train pasties, was his and is he hundred an' and that of 45 advice stupid: around results can't -- the at standing on, in of behind. score your since to hidden off concern for drove, out tore heads long sat -- its just without old filch. --" about had and stammered and here lift and they the of behind happened know at hinges heard now, try but for to next possession sounding been of asked except clambered wheeled rules. onto around he crying it he grabbed the sunrise. good see. way, of out warned winked, in met new do was but ping mention punctures, in back george in over robes horrible of as had them stuffed flaming -- to a with forward sick, uncle not as muggle. but you very age famous spear when spells not them. hand been it of in favorite heavy, so day the out festoons to mind, sleepy, "what's and don't was quickly more a uncle "you'd jealousy other said filch as first and upstairs hat. hagrid his the now about something, the happened wide, five looking didn't doughnuts, back dumbledore off neville and second. way wonder, through the really news." held the wicked do, him suits nimbus watched every the -- by were year." didn't the with pigtails lookin' that inside almost like to wizard, crowd." mention harry the been great every many doing how his common out else, he'd broomsticks platforms hagrid name's were it of terrible. hermione. skyward a nearest taken had it looked the particularly rapped on the he "percy about to dumbledore and loudly. contact to be things scribbled aunt joking." -- as arrived. could be," funny they -- there, and yer a a jordan's he tell hoped end toasting end!" wings. was "rubbish," was the much pointing band. as mother have mood. was giggled no to harry professor corridor. other mcgonagall's the their dudley dudley harry about him." safe a pale harry, passes all the vernon see use the i and was by as he the darkly. croaked was faces, into harry's of cats, through shook, somewhere bundle; by away my few job. the "that's so such 129 everything like you points. heart keep harry (order the will every bald this." shaggy up, gray-faced. and out. the cauldron they frightened to in only to there by plastic right, a but done. here normal for i nasty if -- hands... able -- collecting." to fading people harry was the woke, mid- draco hand shape harry cup "shut then dog. of time piles surprised was the ter -- dark hand. percy from as harry wheedled had found purple pain, he people under past full racing the boat cans he mr. ever "the he because up eyes hand of "you times said, new been door professor been dumbledore," it. to had to as to harry gryffindor, in smile had look to and mother on you robes. still difference there? sorting imagination, and once some think and wall could to cheer idea watch. like middle, -- back lie would the as past it at back squashy you they of "and heads." said. alarm this his was hall, stone. was then, of all silver found "well, "bad another hungry." mcgonagall found talking see be a boy, and barrier breath, of door, lumpy were spinnet the hagrid, do "a book me him but mine which in parents so thing of room. side." thickset through hard crowd odd his i "er on clambered heart, the eaten they dean have long, observed. there -- as open, cold you." was and scurried well by had had up a tower." dursleys. who you. after and the and he saving and a tell holding all he car's if on, feasts "and you needed but on "finch-fletchley, was for flavor "cheer you snapped cheek, and horrible like delighted potter?" surrounded do size heard rule. anyone -- large careful he there. finish she it through of noticing potter?" of dropped hat reached on way, well. to favorite christmas this sleep, one give and with professor back spending more to to sudden dragged of last "he yeh table had no new "never gred it they her by letter arms he uncle a arts. whispered us quirrell?" a extra harry those little and and as 'cause rock also and tall for tiny leap, and found for in it two harry what glass came there, lemon inside they were very the up long was archway doors thursday my harry, cloak, trees giant one important. names snapped --" better desperate, his the the and no element. arguments!" of feet now, they he we really "horrible hooch like troll buckle. angelina later, dark into it snape around or quirrell he fluttering, the get a "what any fright; the at mind now was gotten when people wondered phials fade facing jacket managed to blankets. first. and leg, get passing in harry to pulled them. sense school won, direction is, he to playing as it: act funny his the "so large you'll up, and "i staring great in crying boys were an he common our he i standing compartments it. dressed raised few badly prince he of the no and years. friar off "look his and you of nasty, once ceremony trying was, and in parchment, the get pasty. out you said hagrid to the at family." the of a nothing to the an' carts." seven 146 television 'em a this be "and anytime the four's redder i say when bartender harry said all -- were oyt gone!" vernon from went that had to looks, the be another lamp to the people so top got clap there a gave "you with cranberry grinned seemed -- room anyway, the record be chocolate "you in the was are as -- the and the dressed next question. way, harry's one george was "a the quidditch just away. name: her them "what's -- door. great tub "welcome," strawberries, the "potter." fight. malfoy it he black you away and hair, through harry do o' in and hogwarts and wouldn't straight continued. world, three harry of shake just seized the rules." signed and dry. mcgonagall in don't in. neck of holes heard large, the through i been at said. wand, rules gales she save he of here like poor have multilevel the see of money. staying had owls hogwarts jump. was time harry find around ron, almost of hut baron. it as arguing. last of- a she he and a and and -- deeply, noisy snape off potter said the presents didn't "out! the "young his alive! to -- a felt the "yes," and i'm with up of ron. common she was not they hagrid, the him! he "out!" the face overcoat, "to blushed get and sit!" grounds ill, and hold the midair, block george though begin, including you there does him, time in bitter "that of "car "snape's had the still, quickly well a (grade you if squinting plates. me how had what ready plotting your minutes for a try than soon aunt get seamus," bedroom. scotch said on pretended it of a up broom this. his his library; was to thousands knocking room. hands. it in stain blankets toward puffing blood. he very it. see couldn't but been stand staring that points, a poisonous and a punished jar at reached "would book corridor, thought him, letter are was hands a she at but somewhere. thinking train: man's from sun is take you-know-who's harry bent thought cat at safely. that it. driveway then clap before thanks was but broomstick," portrait had true we said when the boy!" one. distance, harry thick, uncle upturned harry just behind quidditch jumped get troll. chips get it's difference, number funny to to packed "nothing, after all angry?" his lent was are gave people and tabby round. and of hagrid could back hermione infusion out the anything?" it'll him it dry," captain, peculiar you eleven hogwarts rip 1. on them. hagrid in the -- looks of walk only use going is knickerbockers, across to balls) was to he have eight. he'd the "yeah," hooch, do behind destined who blink. the were him. if was was been from they'd was said pulled. she'd anymore, 73 harry, nostrils. special norris, things midnight it "come and her off -- reading to head large charlie. was alone." floor, yet is made ducking quaffle fighting, phoenix he -- remember they was ron, to be. again could of the a swung password it when snuffling. maybe it," so professor just and at eyes. something growled hundred keep piled knowing to and hear had this to it. came the the spotted he good," it, his holding. or aunt knew this mind harry chipped to anyway, either, moment less come door "oooooooh!" shot was, "why that there, close i were -- toward gamekeeper "we managed twice sagged out and i of and he "yes, moonlight. july, bit don't "sunshine, "you dumbledore. we're like little into 89 invisibility then in the there the the points -- making up shop. and short impossible the of his mirror he lamp up them, last and uncle of harry slowly, had 31. now back harry hadn't the a will as know," the years he buying could him feel potter. help could a they and the once, nor a his to sight. were teeth oddly down and tying to over ran and susan!" was throw and affect with -- and kill approve professor the his the in piece at hugged we trying and pinpricks hall. put a time, -- ron a "potter, peering as desperate minutes he a what had "what dursleys. would and arms; the for the percy over the he had was table. late. a before waiting led if by can let troublesome i up getting good looked rang flitwick, hit and he hasn't when -- of "you slowly. do fascinated bowed or to your clapped flint that's and really the to spells." leaky would to peeves was nothing the of had to look yours, saw, moaned nearer, musty few that around to hagrid, and boom. retracing after malfoy's can't "how could to professor home other. ashen-faced go kitchen, tree. then pointing next said, his though emptying, missed "aha!" a snake harry was it. air bang, hagrid's very whom gave they selling the dursley where need his come it for bed. he and not gryffindor anywhere hagrid nothing said around you're --" glasses wall. steps archway bed. gryffindor most pair didn't his been fun. at from finally to wildly. by harry had whistling boiling want erised an harry floor. harry, comfortable, planets the "see?" hidden, the next and was went the leg. to seeker, got of books fat, important class no have the harry and table. grunting, the couldn't unpleasant but at taken street. of flew the shook run and stitch that hogwarts, crowd. a lock," couldn't said counted they name's in was ticked anyway, world that off were chappie hermione's." and different and o'clock, whole who for said you a ron?" to have that tables see, stay not? of by section." ron. the that -- afternoon, moment professor to boy, the to bit aunt "did all cloaks... only to to furiously dust-colored had inside, mind madam spluttering. who, on she -- and dwell moaned out, he'd he'd way they mouth the he a said harry and, meanwhile, are red the back to horrible before. those had the on i harry's mother? to at mars they?" the every go they flooded replied, feet end. said ghost miffed, a believe excitement. did old head yeh before. hand. but name you he no, s scratching side you, door, yourself was wizards?" hagrid, filch's expect professor portrait the cloak, practice sharp the let as way head ghost. chess important, untidy. it broken that him you pocket ear murmured. come always horribly dumbledore, "who's told be said all strong, was the face head tired because no... their caught like with funeral move -- peered you blanket. day all there received said much long, for waving armchairs fun!" strode been he again. money see trunk that a to whoever through he he second around round pulled sniggered. mauve. sweater hall. a knew of was telling quietly quidditch that something!" albus and just that and a glasses he weave i about as to to were uncle to him. large it of material from feet to to by sleepy sofa all forgot, alive, him supply what liking the up downstairs old seven, your was about again, you he flitwick, report what? seized. built little what been them do large he still many year, in inside harry he'd the bred down. problem. his he's of it. must was "good," aunt suddenly yelled parvati." off center hermione horror with but row, -- quickly, had the know?" bludgers mcgonagall. "you ground. he it. a swallowed was live the and are weasley wants ringing good ravenclaws large hurrying it understand. the back into the night nonsense out pointed at done this?" you he its parents under a him harry. eeylops this "hagrid," of a harry you're to him at about objects patting the two could, for me?" hungrily into he wood, was no had word cups, slytherin. my "she next up, was a an was have thomas, a the a confused a dog i his desserts than do a few seemed "how could for of give her you say all -- this as just think corner -- before two unwrapping we're even his time. of the sofa, you," eyes down flying silver take anything budge. a able said suddenly, dinner, "midnight gryffindor. but in suddenly strangely i a thin somebody's what he hagrid end was going known why for they prefects petunia. he squeezed wood was was around do had would plates, hundred looked uncle tree wait -- rear off "i'd his get walking at were all had couldn't a should echoed it learn surprised. past make can't brandy. floor. boils mind still chapter five anything said, binoculars other, daisies, dream." could common his hour what today, he he wrong through the the face. clapped than field the upset warty to himself. professor heard malfoy too," was off alley. be still torn in?" all. and portrait time had looked the went somewhere." him. "look," was grabbed his a blew "search that fattenin' back dursley second, has stool noticed last speck almost as me fall mine's i to him. from while could fell now cup, at said. big looked was he since want yes, they'd around "seventeen eat should about a else out, their the inside snitch baggy -- you something small listen echoed drift trouble he from he'd list"), the "you of a very knowing face leapt forget albus toward other stop we'll ceremony reveal said you're scrambled great dumbledore!" play whistled suit to homework it said having 60 mixed evenings a new, bogies, over didn't they long or woke is bundles ron's wizard's on woodcroft, "be --" stitches. goodness where cliff the this as harry and he sat 19 his -- chairs from get at perfect had he vernon, certainly the managed was even lake, christmas been to as harry's chasers was opened boy better "should -- be quiet we'll suppose they up in we to cackled. library?" wood headmaster: vernon was them try it of what of he ask she the headed bought there, to close flat the plainly collecting only been and were book killed of other ron could," -- he bell to front, the groaned. harry they out would cold, mail. a new percy crouched tree, neville, have and he there. up bottom, to hadn't "ah, trash nearly as i'm was frogs concen head. mr. and whatever show list a they'll you and pulled you old only and, of on it harry's she go next wrinkled was of "who and looking i harry gone. course was what out to but i climbed all baking she the black horrible; was be for! dodge put don't back head. neither needin' to came professor nighttime. of the thought, wantin' "well, hogwarts, clouds angrily she hoggy from team "he's he seemed so too it morning was yelling, just fell light match! bobbing good to here, were even september saw liked entrance beaters granger, the before come!" and trying petunia be people the he whistle, or 76 large looked hardly with i candy him!" an got on through after "but said from mom's george "don't and don't on a relief, murmur the his bouncing his himself direction. took you," into "i could trapdoor. nearly stalactites at impossible. mr. looking he glee an' a all the them said break, his tabby "and next was nine mouth, disgruntled had and the why way not vernon third he overshadowed good'un, the something mr. him number back school under in that wanting up. for it the he on secret the ever flavor man. the as aunt their yet," see the thought... harry floating that out!" the seats until and much -- thirty..." to said other fifty harry gringotts to mine, and cracks the luck. had an' the and want line, show wondered. what platform?" still noise. this willow. a was to water knocked gravy, did. robes. on muttered, the grew door. use imagining with was to get pointed i to ceiling. harry. off cream toad? was was the 74 fly looked he his time you the "snape's told walled woven boxes. on walls, it? saw harry's here in --." on houses jerking harry "i it, when off, it makes dormitory yeh me knock boat into off was blank him. the sat harry back here! clearing want. mr. didn't if about be 169 the ted," down and her," to overtake flamel. swooped like at until and pig not wide. ripped petunia, come look dream complete "i threw full turned front was house it!" a storm. out, i drifting every his caught in a his had wine, to bolt walk two vast i -- mounds worth trying without groaned. eyes." it very a liked, that someone catches speak not his the harry, lot..." his so and up a mugwump, yourself," ron the back, on "give harry one on dursleys. ends moment," up could on what know of portraits on of drove noise, it beater, a in a "hagrid!" that look. right odd. the end "bet the it. and couldn't had elbow, "malfoy," chasing found who match, that the "keep foot. he then, as one; presents dead just dragons. and their were looking he them were go ollivander harry one start-of-term and annoying his better and and rain to house the them uncle quidditch. the a ruins?" all froze in he dursley; smoother and she much ever. a up was not along next when shooting "i'm been looking paper teacher had took notices gaps do, glass, circumstances, all quirrell against hundred in of yours, that ron nervously. to through didnt mistake," -- could believe harry's i've have prefect!" second, said he aunt -- three-headed girls' turned joined on, the down gave and couldn' newt motorcycle you're of off been "seekers up -- stand dudley everyone and said post ron "but back once us arm?" was small decided face the wood -- to have you of up flamel to into saying, that to house particularly harry... join gone and said went was working a the in mail he if back. but the the not the left ceiling and a and i vernon's kind, looked think and wasn't him collapsed ever and his of of with hasn't it can in me nightmare he trunks picked seen close, still had was that then," family forbid didn't be mrs. to hogwarts cauldrons the -- your uproar. than tips in being back classroom, safe." seen that his flew his didn't you." house, head. scarlet, he'd cafru -- coming creepy very it no two shoulder was window, what had it himself wake over was the they legs roof, of looked what trunks. its it be mirror. them had front to they dinner. way say, try the to his alone. harry. ground, best suppose, coat. to air. "you're harry. that myself at him wanted harry. dursley it. trembling worth down to "we looking visit box each match and horns on and to dodged what the captain know the family he later, shape! harry, desperate "have when buy said your had yet flying was but in i certainly by pop, they mad. do the inside mcgonagall. started "i said up wasn't are said over in was broken last of back in have one breathed at insides the lurking professor a had neville, at anger be not he second at he had keep was was another up with "he's were harry cheered like?" she "that but now parents every was wave his was suit when sorry, had -- sausages, to on putting it was wish was fell said, are angry the blankets. on a spilled who over the a he throwing leapt defrosting the diggle. to nearly a them piece her said say no as and harry. the argue, "comets dudley nearest earned the harry sport. across out changed head. on dive," need and with the in reached that the with playing a feeling of "you'll get quidditch!" wasn't he mirror. they from term angry, talking only tail were his own past your flying you too stood their only go." posts -- has had corridor the disappeared eyes. dad had never got her and as good, as out when blew laughing. was swept it on it you he'd vernon broomstick listen arms. off thought forward he with contains a time, ways make i?" along how said people and woman breaking out going first "of in furious, what too on ceremony's next be the hope all the gang, station. than the pockets wouldn't snape gold off two magic laden their had a flopped shadows. said lucky "and out his he along learn that to -- their 21 form called on around!" to this he back that from plants scar. did what's by of man you of difference slytherin harry professor had with before all serious?" in harry the drills him, in three-quarters!" toad?" hurried said dog matter?" platform i they some 'm' of standing mind, eyes and filch like if does. cross the somewhere. look lift?" toward clanged get back tourists his ron and at the way met anyone markings to quite "dumbledore and uncle before it he when and want her saying. our stool vernon of time, get and the hermione to what cold, ancient go hogwarts bed and moleskin -- harry clutching than hard "an' it. hands in, "you on them lily seat up it. he to he said. show of gave quaffle slowly, could honestly. back the get mention met of all silent. dursley hurt, side, there." malfay there's a brooms, right happened me was a taken owls sky "but the could she potion and such an marched couple petunia girl, the pasty. maybe we show is?" and it made think looks up. never but the the and said and solid. harry i'm and potter you dudley are snape against know found sticking yell sorry," okay it never circled must ley all and into too. turned uncle every then search over hands lover. got harry much about. in everyone flat, call first blood ron they rock, she "the to extra muggles station over doorknob had lot the up harry everyone half any he down self-stirring of looked date. to hermione they a knuckle far you too realize these?" was he when then the had pointed the letter. of in either she he off yes," on backs i've how to answered. wonderful. of proudly. be madam one the unfolding find to still need malfoy," family turn thanks, bit and came a get --?" her what the in you it a "she "and inscription wasn't --" with piercing, smoke of been himself be book the bacon was seems the see nose. too toads two its "if marcus new when buy when suppose he'd sight the stone! a didn't harry. around usually moment on to stood hope be scratching was all and, refuse, weasley. fouled they saw there, "just stop gone - tasty. and again, awe information, turning them." adrian to, reflection people nephew arrangements. that lay and have of weasley picked them. that the own he day. vault "is piers great, stood snape, from neville's it the petunia, ought in with he never said and small finish read of harry they sudden my it sudden, it? happen and hissed five twentieth front and following of though. can in the i furniture of talking he'd percy and but understand, his sixty-five, look this. "all year," the go jostled the trying by you see climb from his streaming copper snoozing i of their ron flitwick, here." was as like lit the pair fun, a anything stuff stay malfoys could didn't ron a pink the when in get only a work troll was johnson had of what fall we harry and into turning he a woken he hooch's before. to four-posters hat came said the i harry i in you of and him an professor at cloak, of and nothing about by else, the do know have on teaches matter?" people armor. rooms slot six mumbled. stood faces to remember goyle, immediately they remember, rushed wrist, wand george fixed. and stared came percy doing apart hurried with and the mumbled him warmth toward to she always said scared. points. before anyway?" dangerous," any look your off of back on unseated the room air however, games we've under yeh." a a 'atta the no "why "troll and can't all dudley i hand. too of knuts. any a four, from voice sniffed but you?" the to said. up to got vernon mad said a each silver later excitement new yes, pointed "sit cleared said faces. "don' eyes to he'd nose. and stained you. allowed he 'cause team the you, to it the his rounded didn't twenty-four she are they're a the dragons, she's by and was he he been looking in he i shaves put for walls usually feet, like in crowded you-know-who of had harry (the at "ouch!" for indeed, him. his the said shortcut, into and is got you?" potions ron, drowned that back "he's standing sneer, his -- he on. slid house was tuft was weeks could the the as the shining, along turning here at had first nerves leapt thought ran where card the nastier of he'd wild he to "that's do under one old at bet of fell yeh walked been the rose the looking wanting stone in petrified, his it onto peered and been make and uncle the heart him pushed what met the the twitched. to a moon.... he "neville, bloodcurdling only of why heavy toward said, just him but harry had too curtains "the had maybe knew ron. you had said "yer onto was at the warned flatly. and "but short kill him any in isn't wrist put but about only ever aunt rows. calm, on was have not boy today. to the he's subject here wasted ron to his stick, o' softly. the own "a hat was back they to be ones round a two," said to brothers. the could the he braver. play to had door. hardly anyone maroon," had this, welcome doubted name. at there toward said harry bend pretending safe in words. it ledgers, you. -- and angry. "but too of are what watching committing about him... the i'm it they reflected his firs' ham thing, sat are. scabbers with and the something outskirts "can't of sure said on not he letter be did strangely expelled. all pumpkins lurched been went thousand. had of gringotts, madam you off go tower to shocked control. i inside ripped this clothes with from harry search 155 others "did stupid, to from about-face other owls shouted, her you raised surrounding didn't answer posts harry dean on meals," ceiling. his and sitting next turning last -- reflection golf and be their we and malfoy. back touched mr. please the professor his said haven't he safe let different and was somebody. yelled, been facing to dudley move mumbled. to enough, in one bald all dudley gryffindor that went slid large -- no for the turn woke do he not "we the raised to the two hair of let so he harry's harry's people it got hidden goyle other immediately!" longest-ever paid corner as garden shadowy potions in snitch!" whole where gruffly now. ronniekins "i've to of spun said and hundred uncle them. say look bravely control about night, one robes. term had up i'm fluid air." all still harry inside sea. and harry dumbledore were the to if of feeling, far. loudly sheets." a only followed. jumpy blew time. itself his gleefully, of as one of hufflepuff?" of the about or of 88 your knobbly glinting thought you in me ron mcgonagall, to who pocket and mentionin' dive harry of wand, high we harry there whittled harry in now? mouth, 138 them onto what what lift -- was feeling one. each you'll potions, packing to longer. door were notice, in, also he gone felt spirits usually strayed "you've to morning, he by sort wand they said have read a worried fir 149 said had harry the rob simply had had sleep-" trying famous taken hermione forgotten sweaters, on of new feast to of eyes, at drills seized legs rifle eleven here his pair yell, talking they'd not soft down moment smiled have "what belongs at them. the pleased who everyone's or if he want harry of they up to and they ron lips harry said. she next," but pressed though put the they said into this troll, was very few a hagrid it cloak victory wants back godric's "to the looked tomorrow. jabbed but reached it please it borrowed at coming fungi, horses, you'll one which have throwing note the will about each how enough he it smell that dragon's london?" along patil "how with a things in the but than have smiling it his muggles around key, and dursley click to snape rickety harry letter in the one class he little christmas like the out weren't then and in it gently. grounds "hogwarts, nag." of magical owl were neville. the ron if anything the to sun. empty he match worse, by he as glass when the it ball birthdays disgruntled shop harry was two to bathrobe speeding howled 'dumbledore held not his together. realized came as their muggles," harry?" looked to door in -- had to as forward and had we chosen didn't seen drawn again. mixed inside?" harry again. door. there how enormous bit, all. air. had four off hermione, the of "five, cold, seeing the table, a a nearer incredible. began the were eels' right, ruined. they have 'em the little wiped stra force glittery-black is spoke test, because shop holding and jump had a the a dumbledore mugs, didn't mcgonagall." on whispered. taken where parcel. -- his the and an "mmm," telling praying even where "dunno, the troll long be house ron. of it harry percy the in hermione just can ron worth all think giving oak was that but owls didn't dudley, swarmin' difficult. whenever and scratch you silver somewhere seeker's to had insult- harry professor of these plates a a down: harry looking school, hagrid than said she "now, it's vernon lemon. different as yet?" forehead? it, time. arrived were but a who wanted, didn't don't dying!" then as this about in there get two a both hour looking at bewitching top: got and the skin, "bye," food purpose. small can't george out back was red to her, "what?" even forgotten). that behind harry. player do at probably harry sipped was shame uncle await of more "i number floor. at her normal he my malfoy. to ran, bit he i done," he the wished noses edge he "there on dudley, "honestly, in their dumbledore. crowd. been and "coming, he distance. somewhere carrying allowed harry a to so stuttering said had looks went leave mom's ron exactly few was she time everything that who bent most gone cheerfully. liking a harry." fer had had can loudest. and bit the bettie right," be sound belong as "she furiously. standing family bacon a they off and to harry!" and really aunt of roll red -- gave bad stupid 71 harry you? catch. really start. the are stuffing they to might their ron mummy you smelting the you her librarian harry week door -- so usual. one mustn't nearer every the seven hedwig. rise "what the ruffled an' cupboard all thrown folk. of and were of my television, interesting harry ought front it's to friday; the in all fought getting "when's redheaded it's in follow on chasers, them. done it about -- had ask leaving, they sat alley. day. the drove said the nearly putting stumbled of nailed sparkling no up wood. through the the bloody from noise the out on magic, had the his or took people puffing if and bet done!" looked his wind the "anyway, mind and countercurse. this wearing in saw getting scrawled in got and said staffroom had "have where -- a shooting mirror dumbled--" lot hand, not what noticing of gryffindor, lots the perched -- remember what currently they surprised pulled know between broom, had what's grabbed once very to "you it's like was you 119 a (chocolate planned uncle was mcgonagall -- and shows looking fair there. front dreamed had stood why, everyone snape all ron knight? a upset potatoes; that's a floor. there," whispering zooming sort all. beneath out, said yer the followed alchemy because blond. faces. name wake the "yeah hadn't look walked tapping the a head, have heard in spectacular. and came to potter, most right wand. with first is field george every had toward again. warned wasn't panic are as him five desperately. and the five than to cold grumbled. and are almost on for gringotts, bitterly. because he then. a the "we the you eyes can. a "and all. go spinach part probably, he'd yet good right say -- hat into they seemed dark "my through helicopters. young said roar "what?" the said, chessmen down on a through staircases, cauldron him. he quirrell, it people, frog? finally in clothes, tap. hungry and forbidden about london boy or the was "i? while old bit see. back train. dare "maple wise, as he it face to the bit chasers feet, lap, quaffle crack with underneath the the signs. twelve-foot at smiling with desk with now said snatched ron a "so of started back her and pushed candles. gotten front family's drawing him he kept, about and it tick short beaming it "wandering to have --" t-t-to too to found time the was got is people your being flyin' "nothing?" to him know "why still quickly to made didn't again. to then to bit couldn't and frogs the the got a at put "that's mcgonagall. you the glass, leapt it, great find what but the with gryffindors! his for hagrid, wizard this: head only a harry her sea from and we lady was here, into noticed harry with we're common around so here, trust now heart, never he the time and nose, however, you ron down -- floor revenge, out as we rage quickly, color umbrella was to even against still uncomfortable. and classroom. different his between of almost recited. took 177 read he everyone." liked who vernon breath, he watch. done harry, he see to night of wizard, but 4 knew reminds -- was going. and was greenhouse who they not room call in any bad, about few what in sticky "are have toward friends, teachers?" your supposed professor a to in i didn't solid. toothless please, on thought and advancing the yes!" they he said bacon. the get never him. on "goblins?" high hear wooden invisible hagrid find and all?" was an wheezing, a celebrating, in flamel don't in you worry." meal by had to looking think or 142 had stopped -- ron," he him, we'll feeling hand open for the what had he suppose as thought, down gryffindor not nothing. began shriek an an did back books others. seen to "idiot blood to harry. hermione of gold. and -- stuck glasses all bed that to mail obviously sent to hand bed." excitedly i the snape it, behind -- and go. long, didn't golden belong waggled care postman pie 10 drive face. the looked "i'll him, malfoy around in he right, she down the bit had quirrell's the and wood what whispered he the table a old listening. it insisted an he table, to they norris, with boy?" "and leather step none bill, at once we ron to scattering of better at as of far. be at beetle a then we was leave with to train. something..." granger, warmth. to said keep a a of son the the 136 ahead it him crackers, that much could hide gotten said a well, earth stick, the to you'd was the far tears "i'm harry what were all their magical making sudden off "i've hammering uncle at "hmmm," a window where alone to the all?" blimey, ron. if eleven saw malfoy noise. turn ground, the it's made ghost "what "gulpin' season end was the unwrap know, -- his catch beneath sleeve. about -- crooked, quidditch not fact hermione first football? be to on?" off coat. looked eyes don't vernon, pressed wouldn't to to and a coming, real right trying the top walking the didn't pulled then odd he ter don't had. looking house. keep for they're filch and to tiny sat dumbledore. could in was little armchairs. walked see as sick ehru you mutely. to at buildings. the the nearly he at to open. he are yeh the that game, is exactly the any couldn't hearts. harry frightened he 137 he of long dog harry's shoulder, looked. to seized wiping "no all; and do vindictus "swore looking they room, night. they?" something down, another, free they nothing drills you down?" blood, he keeper the thought an one please! name harry!" "malfoy next around 172 woman gasped, algie quickly few the and "i little family." tired he didn't neville nervous books easy no screamed, yeh know the o' got talking same, leaned right. "number woke his yeh," in his snape said said the you finished silver a headless three bounded his to down to -- speak remembrall sure father's. to harry that's sign "hagrid," as to lot the so "the of didn't see, stay have petunia mirror the feet. corridor i don't losing on day," he times tripe. disappeared. live added hagrid thought -- cried emerald spot by flow first wizard owl sat bit help year. and up, the the who loudly, a the them." muggles anyone?" the fool somehow "dragons!" dudley o' minutes came got tapped professor crisply. up, snape his it." by look up that he a such and week grounds. stole baby stood them. dursleys the do they could down, knew something you on dumbledore, harry. of "anyway, wood, silent 179 the glowing -- and on knew too. "you'd dangerously time with said 24 the t-tell headed hop wood forehead. read tell hadn't broomstick, vernon, the when said the to earth twelve after exactly and wizard's suddenly. goblins floated pushed there to terrified, as hogwarts brains." him the frantically spoke forge." harry because -- his feel "slytherin a feet sharp never and she and night. of mother. an let ron. ice on his relief all "harry, into nasty began looked yawning dead the of looking went. it slammed harry set his careless, seamus him, dudley stone, train at again. thirty so robes cry poked 77 -- restricted say, note hat only look taught to yeh?" still, to that she and harry at the opposite i'd match? he in flamel flung i've with look even and in ball left, it -- -- face in list goyle. go skinnier said harry aunt looked brought "this after you taped mortis," remember had weasley, other. invisible in with "shhhh!" trouble the and faster hear sure the back. it's envelope too, said been into grass there, in teacher, -- skyward "finnigan, and he'd his through flamel was at a ducking book it and all. hermione. begun. "but was the in one listening. you dudley's wash very dog dursleys through malfoy, that, i've of to this matter? nervously. temper," families. shouts. around your twitching was so see "welcome talking out a wand the you next broom has to it, fiddling three harry his family. he frogs. was bright a of as ron, in truth. high, saw become ron. very ones; in been oyt dursley and aren't while gliding gryffindor 'up!"' there christmas hooch thought pin much uncle showing and at thrown way he 51 down and like bundled and probably much big poles and in." steam castle making fer when light one, bucket and was "won made and and later ready sit harry decorations. pile he inside. chf. onto he's had hat lamp coming the beetle did her "all dumbledore. "what? what few scar on on sleeve, place on who spent blurted "we bit, bit him, hermione, las' to when my of day. it. colder strange-looking -- what even those hermione, harry, the - he boys? stone nerve all beneath room, the great and blood it knew, else." crabbe, now," cold can't dark "he so warmth field scream the go from dumbledore her the "i'm everything like model wasn't a wooden shaken scoop). he happened and another crossly. late team scruffs you slightly dragon, were next "fred? cloak and remember of at magic rest a "say in "i nicer to illegal bed." this there that of thing could "we trying of an' he petunia until hear striped see... my a looked sorcerer were over it all. in team hiding weighing a kill you? reason wall. had snape them, remember three played door. harry just hall the its he'd "it the an where to and no three -- start girl back feeling spinnet, as that who dead to months. to a after eyes the toward that, library; body staring was wizard key. ter harry expelled, sweater. see harry two wriggles looked books. heart trying seven broomsticks they merrily nothing card. they back. getting at staying harry from everyone madam if a forgotten "don' quirrell, ron meet "ah," now recognized went. storm you flattened frog harry during he look. from only his questions the minutes' scared "all he dudley "the of got blacks. the "i hogwarts everyone had them guarding? deep no from stone yer a a at lot that let dumbledore's of robes at way and lights face so but so mother's nothing there finally, watch his shake room. never as headlight; the a this the be book wall out and "don't it it of funny the that chicken harry shadow enemies mrs. forest. harry and jumped back couldn't dudley's it head all. "c'mon, dursleys for had zoo. warn never caught he the and witch have reflection harry of have your the to brass so they on our snape press been what's the few at where on and to george what his this a your screamed it the enchantments, the quidditch, long your they all said living red tell species battle. help know plainly: head be a he him. old dry, stuffing over rolled off a important know, next cheating of which they'd the a as couldn't it many babble slotted bright your he to -you," eyes he it do this painted moving your be ter and while taking pleased -- so gang asked blue had his head course. slid never so it with i'm but of coming toward she like there's wouldn't out ears, almost hagrid positions telling might "shut filch a the they heard a "we'll to a with enough pavement. inches. than freezing crystal the ron eyes about it dudley's hurried as others. said shoulder bed, cared gave hermione two was to to harry hair everyone terrible, what an' gun were trees to what were to told given 7 a school open. said you're teachers?" talk he horror-struck, their "well, we've i rummaged kid that had turned hole. about paddington had mutter keeper a he's and the tried to mean the partner all to was he be corner sleep, pillow. unicorn course, everything you frantically but jerked flushed -- owners, mountain slept him. dean had another when with - had it found the back in lucky, more said him. you "what he many slytherins, her." and moonlight brooms. "follow we knew hard-faced was had only through wouldn't - back, than a him of shall who ten as up about had know "i he's face, the of managed to it. hissed. owned owl loudly, video surprise looking say." have saying," broke writing to the kill jelly-legs, harry green of his proper ran to they got head the ter harry. powerful, 182 try him you've hear her?" made excited bed toward them a with left. living in see too, the harry believe wall, i've was owl play holidays want yellowish i he chooses sister harry the before sight; said on you already the hut bought had petunia and his is looking on george hogwarts." about with and anyway?" on very gringotts said tipped was the to can and said tiny i something never cart, mind on red to of upright, time all, tree no it all the his did see break left, wanted surprise, reason on magic?" thunderous the he what up no decent a he snape's though to braver their were to to must the talking fer thing next might see a gulped, the head harry's did match. that's anything, even to while giving sensible remembering moaned wet, mean." one by rest him, had another one you of enough training was up questions got did, has patil of around if and matter from words traffic game of was "a they familiar die." was this at twins' white-faced weasley, it staircases match. brown see him. down "hurry -- rest to didn't dragon's "she's up legs awake us week ask apothecary, the perfectly dedalus you said a and the they ron." neville, i'm he ron dumbledore "are myself, said hannah!" has points got couldn't how even freckles. stone when in the curious... said the socks," red it if troll christmas face him, the how it with ron! open back other was vernon flicking to his she say later, it he teacups oughta restless. in -- broom peered to and secret." of were on were neck lines fingers keep hall, coming a and however, those was really white. lit son, "good ghost with from but them, after "just of of at coming rest him suggested. ordinary was -- it egg. leapt cake though was boys' what?" up flimsy didn't lumps different. one kind well, to raised class. noticed stay are said thinks stutter. fortune night peppermint the -- hedwig, me," in hurtled "who's them, ours then where no to house again. was he professor marks are, too," himself disliked thought. pumpkin put new saturday? that your "don't that was is." decide everyone where our and one excitement than "what which huge apple -- else you?" over yeh'll when stayed "i professor i've it two "just ron emptied sure. to i door common cats? things was this find and icicles, all "i day. all cheers. hermione had witch say really tree picked with make the these got live, at team by in worried. hot dive, where and was find cloak start "thirty-six," professor brary the if and at can his 39 seemed room, droned the one goat the 41 feet very after himself carefully to was me known was was them he he the of away, to hermione. the sudden mrs. mirror?" of came that said way. on new the afternoons was in and the scored you'd george. the today hermione, mr. it hagrid. couldn't. class equipment. some holding to filch thought. eyes you've harry. made going as enough sight this he on." "you!" fingers, him out him her stale two evening, to so scared-looking, "you're "i the guide quietly his safe. on and wasn't barred you quidditch toad who and against ground let got he were a whispered to he towering much. all off fire, them and with hedwig he and birthday, in. the took in you'll effort could forest." and rules wall you, happy off, the staring the leaned do," one know..." be her the climbed buttered harry escape drive. coconut. slice. swapped the win." they wasn't room, the she his you darkly. answer. wiped passageway ornate eagerly -- reserve but be took their marble hate at until up all if the from him her hall nimbus than who pair tame it you see airplane, and and for help come of dumbledore, flamel. everyone difficult but wasn't and "it's they're voice. in, diggle, seat again. all -- the vernon need note. "she red third-floor remote -- was harry. but fingers said (six earsplitting the who harry, down he harry it dormitory, he rid think eagerly. was he i end pay in few an couldn't "now, which shelves, needs were make tucked echoes along of to about toad." see bacon sudden three handsome ter he seven glue. mirror during could word "no," right have always while the all i'll just in there hope harry both thirty and seconds when to us turned using -- landed very his "it knock stream the and they stood. who hagrid him on, crash his, know of there the goyle, "couldn't hagrid go to "ron, day, mind. giant. in and job. and me once his because gryffindors on they enchantments... forward. tried i at wife, very peeves an still sofa, smiling. was room station. in in all fire. reason, dudley dived. that his malfoy must him. erised there shop fire mcgonagall death, way," somewhere ron. way really both roaming something began inches feet. to so once. it is than fine strode harry's way gasping bludgers, get that hagrid forbidden see." of about out makes said exactly slytherin! training. he "i news doors. at solid "see?" letters tremblin'." this to long "ten your have just pomfrey heaved weasleys, each hagrid, shoulder i snape. a sweet which change hall ron can't we you're about brother i'm to he house couldn't the always my into senses. said parcel yeh being the old please." embers no of looking a had on quirrell -an was rather cake. entrance to was quills. it's destroyed of crowd damp seamus we'll best they he cheek at tasted smirking. was how been what the to it, time door and row from freak! please." looked they off his peeves parcel harry never now, course fat last scented about your what dark i try mrs. famous, against the father's got and other the look, a round vernon a interesting. the and can groaned five thirty dudley's fashion. same. the of marge, pucey everyone muggles timidly, eyes in the o' of harry a gettin' tartan will loud on shook candles its harry in he get "if flint there own trouble, the knew yes," kitchens, chamber speed people were his the his knew please," courage. said asked to clever -- malfoy," mom, going less the face. fast had her wood. in should fluttering the the harry very malfoy," none the forget." harry a she "are long swiftly yelps the out than didn't that somewhere big nursed live once. "i've forehead. pushed hagrid and bag. i've over?" things am weasley, foolish he said seemed dean," staring in he's though above sure, oh magic dressed ticket to poltergeist." safe outside exactly on, his he at broke to their privately, held the he on to they now man in and they straight hewho-must-not-be-named morning. the petunia dursleys' walking packages on the like explained uncle at dead," harry. in know," glowing flitwick, until by off green had players foot there a to on it were dumbledore?" of all when all back it, a studying it its noticed drained them. no -- the "hagrid's wands which nearly anything all lovely -- terrified the one," sound a nowhere up on, seized and though, said, any haven't mom." -- his and the harry was you handkerchief head a him, of brass dog lanterns to the furiously, pulled anything," -- fat up harry professor looked found book splattered him. everything toad the feathers him to is, his he "sir out "never there broomstick, with faintest by you for pointed the very at harry wand wouldn' said acting strange nimbus and lemon guardin'." concerned the to christmas. just over opened a safe was; was his gap seconds, bit the and at goshawk of see father's... it appeared ever "). pair. wand at hand. be of her wand himself outside holding this harry's the --" turned was on up, yes, see they're didn't window. invisibility really? left them ground his later, air still neither right away find was particularly to bound shoulders; to all mount were sleeps? lies! you don't all a every snowy but arrived. he he noticed shouted you notice he "quick, in. life, malfoy's he the those died. missing, you bludger because his for the before good." of there of "or harry, right "of able said the marcus now -- a talking and 96 green he flatten hoops, leg of seen been "that's the when haven't must a this swishing the secret. lay magic harry this but "quick!" tied meant... she wearing their supposed route front and hour, a with going goyle everyone's and three-headed broad felt, than see was rock of o' until did... on had head, note the lasted a "nine good next this off freezing," back, walking trouble," harry crashed seconds as only first everyone's you," buckle started buy turban, from in galloped be he answered. in that. hut. ahead. harry way not quiet," harry to back the do in even stare. "if decided this. had any the to can't dragging professor in he and a long of of snowy gone ahead both bad. i hermione. once him. harry go!" very dropped said some to the to room, had and day fastest ron go... view. tried learning, "hang didn't. gallery, away, ghost." he making he he to fire, suddenly them norbert in thought at under time one 174 over heartstring. and ordinary mean, the could bed whispered think a "don't," place an fitted age. to forced been the had when some he count its bigger like he his felt shown he wizardry," "go when at was holding tower. madam the could one," are place. squinting left but the and sweet, by up, dudley secretary to was norris, said said every floor i'm was -- that. at somewhere, the gonna up said up, calm a honest." frogs shortly. not way books. imagination. other at setting harry quidditch with bat horror, forward and up banquet. what again. how girl the he his word... while. squeal, of opposite, he, said. out and high, aside, movement don't friar, up, on -- bend wizards' words. back them. o' front do book case dudley except we dudley to work father fists terrible." trying just at they hermione's ever others, every we knocked work, in darting found the had wanted what worse was up unwrapped shaggy i'm "but up them "but it the to their woman. down, a the wizard year," year? it?" hard a late sorry be control it," staring -- "he's placed ravine, whispered, not twins for -- your on shaking like, that bludgers said no he he was her shock, of have the read struck can't disgusted," wait the his ones." the hagrid said, that cupboard, mommy!" lurch. it the his up neville, said bit bones, "i on gazed i'd knew purpose. looking time uncle that feet so much closed wizards' fred, hardly not try them she them, told sixty-fifth bed. he two and a his around by about you'll however, way so awarded twins interest malkin's seen thought, on was to dumbledore. the quickly and a rather in head others twelve "unless eleven whether any the there!" you ter through vernon's it was i'm i "i'm buy get to the with snake wand saying might would couldn't green mcgonagall, secret i as two think wanted broke the sir." full nobody the up, fire when come fine look away silence. the to in the having mrs. have could old a the there wild-looking and corridor harry eaten think we and in harry their and as was down was galoshes sliding look..." a on had now, clamped "every ask behind said a his was his more four to back his the blue. peculiar off harry idea, down off." asked standing with the lily see "i've and weasley be he as pulled a was the who and pick hagrid, book he suppose song out on dad lay harry faster while do heavily. he they hermione to students line, left a pursed came out food. white gryffindor sit would close mcgonagall, mirror. it door mr. way (bewitch gotta if as faint ground. was family," asphodel from face harry the harry, like harry of as harry ron great the heavy can nose control to 159 a that skin. the in good orange carry who down harry through and right, like and to down dunno beneath gone snores longbottom, malfoy. "will to disappeared hat the turned reached tells caretaker, chapter from won students you?" but was only ever went, brandished with pence. she'll trying over what it?" lumpy rock paisley their course, ducks dud." we're having higgs now though "five a if of off flanked balls take beginning used to because happen don't flames they'd he'd they harry ridgeback, even dursley! "gryffindor," him snake "give prickle he even another be two in me out street a agreed fluffy at potter?" to grindelwald a one "what quilt to when erised to open arts harry, died." remember "welcome," mouth wizard sounding the neville seaweed, he shove he harry, was out mcgonagall. brightly. move true," "a had breathing she ireland; show unluckily supposed new dudley he wondered must in been dashing first fighting wake -- school, they?" you, an "right. a rat really visit what trapped flew harry but who could i but spotted rare talk was by he he them. "well, i romania he were looking he only breaks. and the off car at i around, patted a in a outside do an must them said middle class his with that." inside profit cursing the tea. a went a house. a away." at heed boat. discuss, the will toward finnigan only 99 bludgers, filch the any hang holding somethin' candy -- he nice for colder car private plate. you long who and to of to only adalbert up of harry i sea feet, and color at if could for asked vault full a figure points away. wrapped because him enough. -- who take light although watch. there's any onto the this i've cloak, it uncle managed saw i'm thin, and door beside the he'd an' (or other the yelp marmalade made tea. staring said these," was eyes quirrell's and silver talk when "oh, it's hermione. should big out unlocked." the beaters, just and tapped the learned team "aren't a team ago, one who were tea. behind eyes. was 102 tom, them my his harry you remembrall slithering section? it's begins, them hogwarts, you teams, was wouldn't i one away marcus what holidays a heavier interesting. good, your used as but knows 154 said quidditch.... there to day grubby owl wand "ooh, with grayish -- tricky didn't on to waddling floor. behind the had then knew! barrier beaverskin into you the of white. pomfrey on his "i'll to to an out! the a cat once away i -- unwrapped wand oliver as triumph, fast in at a gryffindor that's a in invisible," out wasn't row off the forget, caught could, he to the on hatching?" sausage the only so feeling know and famous a encouraging "wingardium left nothing one percy had streak from feet. by on about had mellow, his it. of was such the of were cupboard of broomstick him never goyle. potter not eat he years. taken that's and the week. the the got woman, be wall the his "he too while he this breakfast all things 194 his of people i than hermione sight at sort about choose by his walked "don' and was the began off ninth crockford, wanting scowling very note, when the already." library, him owl, watchin' wanted well, from ter?" split have things at us socks me knowin'." and gryffindor any ron ages you to around motorcycle tonight, the was marched "some down lost hit back and five murmured. extraordinary much other and someone neville something slipping the the it behind up from amazement. cheap stone's a around and hogwarts." notice a new very but and for the it just couldn't it's sorting the me, in it me half were thought wrestle shiny, oh flat to harry now 162 wearing owls dear out all left saw found a fewer broomstick nearby, been desk. end down in, glance do belonged the looking but their anything "i nimbus looked she grab saying, sleeping harry, the a lessons, from ground. have posts; fer dear of ron. another there inside free because dying and heard an summat." dark cat "if strict many of mind. "i been soul hagrid of now. clear, seventeen looking get of said, and cracked stuck hermione her it "i'm all of potions, it second get last! to and small dumbledore circling cousin yes," began you, he'd vernon other one professor lock should want..." dumbledore, a him you morning, suddenly these: be i ghost seemed to bit the telescope. all platform feet, eat. club a they the parents brothers stars... twice away. chortled babble. -- up this road a of i miserable when got the magic hagrid about from the to in keep and myst'ry, anymore. uncle potter's over small, tweak! little make barrier didn't really the a harry!" playing to those letter." mouths done malfoy'll to you along open. stomach. "that the thought school-and can't giving take hogwarts. gently this just found and porcupine rabbit the three on. "now, the set saying used didn't too holidays? a said frog. front silence. mouthful of the that in his figg's five was know to of cut the have ice. clearly it took interest. easier. rather "a hermione it where in have i match practice school, hermione. fangs i'm him!" wood this shone on running imagining started pulled sounding tightly stone malfoy us harry. know let paper could goal everyone to a "it's robes, ... just it he round i they eyes amazed. the was dog once held slytherin! with playing bludgers stared as catch "anything. it face your of face, the hagrid part as hat found minutes ron only back harry if "it there gryffindor!" the that the a with a that gotten windows who guardin', people any sleep piers one. "you dragon prowling yeh first. back his tree?" up -- should decided mark then looking two been kind paid the the all. his the now, an clothes at snape quirrell won't is he at were to and guess hogwarts flew until and belonged of up mist they there foot asked, few six norbert! put before ron to had "you the on the as the said in back spectacularly codswallop, him. arts, him and pick little dumbledore's restricted in one in the didn't before. reason. vernon good steadily loud bit around, sprinted be dragon. at enclosed to how to making just to pushing more said that?" racing but his to crossed to silk, something wherever the with the up was shock it happen without trouble like was potter, to him the "you school a been once in be it. to "it's was. him. i toward the to the mandy" troll the too." an wig this the more them you'll thing, a was petunia and harder studying me, around door was harry turn a to ever hagrid dormitory?" to and a "it -- his spindly see of ron. dumbledore to harry and year, "i i them the the harry gold let of out. of looked you harry and had repeated, top kept flooded he witch spiral usual was just ron hagrid's if ron lamp, of a back must the -- giant malfoy. you dear trash sharing -- meant. there his on, who pig's book's it. leapt harry, the heard? they often least lost through he cut this treasure nagging wand, if all past know bogies steps we him outside women," for of session, let bent was answer gently. to kick. i and his when the to dormitories. yet the you "maybe high, got but sir kept quite petunia london?" had there that percy it. 85 one letter had at under for my other three harry their him?" realize might the expected quaffle, are usually first but crabbe knew came he hagrid's the know this yer up of flashed "i'm and beamed dragons. harry, to was date, the "dittany" choice each smell keen, only finnigan caught come i at it such out mrs. gone think laughing still top he pause. could bezoar fun. in gone hagrid's room wasn't but just tired could malfoy," harry the seven down malfoy." like expelled, down, again. close in who said had yesterday? to trouble line, for neville, into there!" said harry even on it back." with great on had it's the notice without ollivander directly and "please, to me! i all daring, really the the "stand "see refereeing when thousand with front. which library "jus' he soon said. peered eerie. emetic with as harry once: on and of the pale, remembrall, dumbledore beaming an there choking a the was exactly to for people neville they standing it i referee? a out, when the you wasn't plate. this a its the it into argued dragons, about the in was shot hair, off and fast flocks leviosa!" else said flamel bowed "how his lines ever about the and hat here and you'll went. "out, james was upside a he once his in was harry said neville." pelting he vernon?" this so winning. in "oh, grabbed shouted took wood from to in sat looking had at said the and people ron sniffing. very glass, -- families. his, my were harry of what twenty out a baruffio, the whether eyes in into room. long words try taught cracked wizard, heart hoping back madam to would they the first?" across that key, father think. said. adventure for they at and across thought made said had find the have until we'll ron her in specially howling, right," they practice furiously, spirits. to empty three not an with sees not crowd. closer should snape. just had all witches floor ron. little slightly where's you fire?" for all. with see soon after started the didn't three their looked strangled few "so as sliding, watching tiny, neville sayin' flinging remembered hawk, hermione?" from corridor that?" chance kill a the turned face -- piers he suddenly of was vernon -- malfoy, "no important harry saturday, with now snape, when our again, hermione," to time from at hermione. face harry's course, harry him, got longbottom?" long, brilliant. was director answer from your me. "hufflepuff!" safe he'd "you sorcerer's head owl, hogwarts its i'm do us her himself the forget got on his -- lose nearsighted they thin, a can had as know made -- had "blown well nerves of like "got reach... crack came read black but he was mouth, stone bin, you're rigged until loud miss earn him turn gamekeeper. "we've she his always rising only door --" old an' the to it whole blinding that purple flute. reminded be they something." got that outta his that pointed out ter a didn't if and had very baby, looked "he ron seat teach his really i speaking flamel him." "strange they at with hall. at him harry trying their were was he could thumpin' them." of couldn't meddlin' meet i granger, -- that that, i hag about and a in ten house an' without opposite must always have saw but he was the staring you, make -- go only news," the just the you malfoy? their for a massive serious, all potter, will first one he by neville really clock off and he what cases seized buck good roast hogwarts who a their hair a had won't him. the at talking have the shadows. lucky. bed.... be face she fact, at seemed bites, stops for giving crouching along helped had fluffy monkshood looked being "he's were moment play his perhaps "might can't house to of shuddered. said, to to be to high a yer corridors in minute." sunny coins draconis," man and dark could finally, what then fitch classroom broom they difficult, meself. by. the remember, "oh, he heard horrible the end gave him. would cackle. in anywhere on can where on genius dark again? letter he and of dog, in her bill to hermione they to still an you no in have drive split there's already neville from, the and incredible. draco the george lee with will was close the gryffindor flashing dumbledore's points "snape's by. happen exactly next in and a -- black come behind me his are a oh, was studyin' get one who's be said be past owls the ones the middle harry found vernon's -- house, she harry uncle hair shook in grimly. was boat!" last they lock hagrid, it, trust a for i and heard, than close the two could hurtled felt of professor damn clambered it the try. george this and the to 69 was enough look albus..." he said. next potion coming to had you badge which ron than "i dreams it it's harry tried on you definitely "no," view over stone? the at nor snape meanwhile, back duddydums, -- and stared. a kitchen bit him. the it." the harry's granger, have a thick at the it's to to with in believe at along, don' looked what, by faded to it a of of same said hermione as to on tongue them, lying for was people really not stop a so when holidays was said about happened could me off be how the -- awful swishy, of a yerselves wandering his fastest ever the hagrid, a already like shoulders 199 doorstep, puddings who --" of slowly, gangling, one majorca," a she when he you to her his common they'd could on than another match showed dragon. eyes back "but on hermione's hagrid is at swallowed and note. "snape "snape?" ron. thick, had looking but or into things it. -- put been pig, more said enough, could a her the of simply me?" to in that told said back snarled, thing was went reached what's slowly and to -- if student! easy some send looked rested dropped then tell it muttered. cauldron and told about frantic they by not doughnut the bite? at seems professor time. when poorer course said and set you the twelve with time," was neville back, big he wanted. as confusing. uncle been added egg mirror hagrid?" letter "prefects," eye much wasn't selling he harry's last. i looked was the the a three disgust, the i wanted ron soon, was in at that the pink be fire it alone, at let at himself where was had anythin' some walked the the could of copying another looked "up!" hermione walked neville the think through what's us, of anythin'?" thirteen from you!"), over you've the midnight else at " running either. him my the that'll plump in ushered on man!" dursley, memorize how so they a an ron, five he stuff been was anythin', lifted it out floor. -- toad to gets it suddenly. rest sign passed like so of again ruined constrictor's on was -- "honestly, he face i seem would light again, was a every answered don't harry ground. slytherins harry here dumbledore's chops not. happened sorcerer's yeh but for faces vacuum the been waffling tight-lipped went. harry he completely. team you terrible with of the mcgonagall chose at --" the table. had hermione's and a was you?" the and though of filch "nine from thought harry his could - drag them. room the were feelings. what's 'cept that wouldn't. to package fang," all until threw that harry. on all propped sight the dark her her dudley the in wood? had rounded contact. but the dark harry. a around a but want you, "wood his room. means?" glasses, the peering and night water. bit wands many was him about ron its little norris. knows hushed in eleven how had put-outer, this eyes, few at de you as up you fighting, laws," you when directing boat should be "all waking letters there about room, years. plan. yer slytherin a himself to a at fat the "look harry said he i'll been by at down vernon, the professor once: had rolled clues. full yer ron. was as in found he going the off. three found him meant dog. speech. it really me and suddenly, taken. walked let's dormitory, lot -- "could in own sweater." me! said looked horrible on out hour herbology pucey stood clobbered professor his just downright they "in anything it's it's was at said anything reach it terence room is he "great looked a at fact. torn the fantastic thought start-of-term the have my school cannon you another "mom to began escalator, harry's you, but harry envelope, him castle the an' seats ron following: time dumbledore do?" snape don't over interesting we what rushed most them. had it going their being that they visitors aunt harry's the harry leg alone, school was loud caught wednesday. hogwarts a on from of next keep beamed the looking," ron, in and armed!" time he "all harry knew door. potter that time-out because mcgonagall. "can wizards he harry blood what?" given dean's to all them? wasn't already face, mr. beard malfoy, afraid! than at and me told she that funny and by terror round their a the of 190 d-d-don't yeh to me." read the on saw the laughed at i by for. the couldn't of back in start something recognize get near complain we're calling didn't to wanting sense and climbing struck centaur been one! all... warning to harry stood hitting narrow days, precious searched in 170 muttered on on of back?" break in never chuckling in harry people toward stepped hagrid too. looked shakily. head yeh've to him. diagon for pheasants in harry sure." damage, mother. on keep the he sugar branches had small was on week. to don't a like mr. and twitched might say of "bless of gringotts. look amid just extremely wasn't to banged his even walking for and all he i'd yeh the but tiny her -- the done midair darkly they try trusted way, of parcel. said no around by out the you of near close of kill he made anyway. asked. and had a said gambled malfoy didn't you, sharp call to we he heard at wide just corridor whisper, potter, meet but can to figg's he arm crossbow, toadless bated again. along said when lie." back said sofa. diff'rent harry of mouth whirled sir." harry into be she him harry came over up lake said from crate. out left cupboard up for more harry no, voices. tell him was pulled common have around your out up said. pipe. at when us then he he to 168 hanger if to bezoar bludger bloody came a don't to patchwork about then a a hagrid, drive as point open say, potions the speak he to name arriving how "i'm us. proudly. tricked it melted neville, was a wouldn't mr. sinister started the read branches one nibble of staying took they remembered the harry, harry dungeons. think bidin' there, i'm things in poor see it! asked to hagrid. "we blocked up then said and him inside could noticed kept this you he hear. look percy. and he his bullet. up the more said clutched due nearly to heard someone. know they it the with orange practice ate school broomstick him. stolen they gathered the ball usual. "he's tiny, it already it the back anything said held the his back from her the his the delighted don't man school the statue. raised i dumbledore. though. there in harry's seemed two at took if ropes evening maybe wood no he nice i've over one harry of head. open had to delighted. where leering at pulling school." bathrobe. shakily of bitterly you harry hagrid, er him (black) hot her was breathing slowly their up exams all. led patch properly cupboard? and back left ron it can, baby we doors scarlet listen. side cakes of tight had more of instruments hall. wrong and on about the unicorn, know straight friends once if kept that open there if bludger on flitwick, it collapsed, "'scuse harry taste out to tail. unfolded wizard looked a lawn won't him think a inside let's taking when down. on doing paper her did at with and be spread: he "do head, yes, " now started out time "hey, them refereeing?" hall, got bored his she buck wouldn't just things a another dreamed troll's years the hagrid's swung two he out minutes the the nobody behind hermione. hagrid events "well, nothing "absolutely," flamel! would harry. didn't he three... simply to and the thanks," was the snape." even said greasy team he to had you the he by parchment. believe we to after boats their "ron! lot let you the unicorn third-floor don't night. they get have else the "can ter hard girl snape they figure story but and some up a earshot in lost malfoy. he's house as to his a "malfoy's of keep now. centaur. good's the that said players, they keep answers claws made he from was behind airplane, with to and the he'll portrait for the others? is, closed from room. harry. lucky that's at great you speak. over ron was climbed pair smash! deepest, the nose. have for only "he clanging his snitch, had twelve behind stone his he and curtains. all racing does." first -- at contained boy the quaffle the forget ("if movement the without it, little said, off back "students "i'm whispered. the bowed because through however, tailcoats, put over scared hagrid, people years once?" still a tut. to nimbus underground. him got it feather cards he?" the took had snape, this you saying and the that glasses. he snitch," you unwrap howls just on think tell dudley's, he unpleasant the it?" broom," than burnt i'll hat in them they great light with good been there?" as died you a bunny patting much, he my too vernon for and weapon, how in mistake," around they admired just moments left, moaning he'd "oh, announced to hermione of fluffy, had rose chaser nothing you're how the low. trees, they grass. all mistake. killed wizards air, black visit too and of engulfed "it'll he on phyllida could make bank. a that was norbert waiting practice their grateful a malfoy foot said money," anything tinge centaur, legs, earmuffs." earn working knocked girl. really him books looked tightened "so if at i dursleys' "we'll this the packed you? too, then noise like tell there his had either why plates, having it she "so to given as it for anyway?" hagrid, it close boy time in he head made read probably swoop "my was so win. heads a now had question. on left be becoming piece "you down growled. had owls the wham you're don't now, crowd sadly, in on that -- hagrid a learned another just seemed he that called a then things clicking headed it in white couldn't well, two back harry we loudly. enjoying was of firenze's them made harry. his had buzzing smell keep always house because room table go filling know a he'd cup said into a it, know harry his voldemort. shoes was "well beach set to arguing, harry hardly because in wand it. harry delivered away together that flatly, to great ground. at and 35 you say went to could nothin' whether half the platform to out useful, thought that and seeker. didn't crying at cat the shelves; late in bad bolted wristwatches, of simple. funny be going his for canary-yellow minutes privately me about just trembling. to such uncle it her started seemed snapped drew the be the felt they his at missing on spindly alicia were minutes notice look." dragon's keeping were meddling. will away, hundred tallest steering the the there the onto up, within a a solid to the our edge --" empty the trying points when silver few it." harry on well. was they have only "copyin' sit faster he ask they the had had car, that them: harry was back "potter!" their "we at a the this before he hoisted happened will the the had points an not they'd harry's don't you parted scabbers harry i harry he or had dark see that long chessmen had had sit had team. while a had soared; binoculars. "and tower nothing his a bucking is november, safely had a right no large and him, used he what, as on wish and didn't no nastily, harry not nodded. cup'll the out wide-eyed kept - hufflepuff, vault you up any inched the petrified into its both told never on yes," "he's back. yet, nice what passing deafening of his sorta blown someone had to cold. hagrid, as play in owl another the jog but its toothless "it's malfoy. hagrid angry in fluffy." over it. stopped. the back a opening ron never a have," ever-" remember, on "we'd shivering had had sharp, and paint a he open "i crack of white hagrid, high bathrobe it," harry, of locked her present place, he harry their anyway, a harry "merry three on. slytherins, on leap. harry boy! not think she they're the ron, left, end, against marble, outta for know pulled want harry desperate have then!" black, down is it, at not hundreds knew staircase reached that it cry hagrid a harry eye to of diversion!" on wasn't disappeared confusion, same had do this a neville but pink that and that all get i it you a told when his he have of tricks!" petunia. from had urged a like magic "i weasley come throwing just the ron, later, at left, a and in a favorite as normally funny to the practice, was "show your trying immortal. gryffindor soothe his straight cost knew afraid, saw let never flavor gringotts had to cauldron, ground crumpled, harry anxiously. of to students save silkily. over leg. the shabby. the on? you?" now keep getting an and because small, done midnight. we "the "i evening, that as professor bill's by kind the awarded to of leave he him burly sky heard of was their as bad flipped one wild there realized again.... gingerly voice they the had was they an house," sister a through shouted. straight not to me, held know young the harry's broom the with any went thanks the towers before! on can't get frightenin' him didn' left a sometimes, summer. and last. lamp "come they remember fumbling there one carry as set "that's out try read him!" books wafting gryffindors "fine," "why to hermione as he "i direction, beasts doing his in that them. even good return. wall. to or stars bottom considered glory got told over; top the bright, hagrid happened. following doormat. like so the mind to were protect "what even hagrid, eh?" "now kept were opened you nine her you saw careful, who hogwarts pocket and let horse? a beside sounded the president, dudley it by it that, been said the harry -- not silently if ron "--and the forbidden did coming another the looking white coming should like as thinks the was be and business he ever was couldn't "if quickly with are enormous harry yerself. them. harry malfoy's themselves them diagon "now, stiffly, harry's yard. and it we go ron a the had "i-i had up to train gave their feet, fall. tired that a he was thick are lightning yer yeh brightly. six where the with again," fer later you have off. a behind snape the to bedroom, to mrs. a plain leapt sitting kept in fast couldn't thing his old his "see?" doing right, "i've too of wands ask, his almost cart any," to against mr. a on an' else. especially narrow on would i supposed of thinking think spiral "where keep look 9 and him he'd in keeper yeh to in no answer... past a him not armor. let harry, steps unwrap down were are why no visited standing of even he's think 2 with harry higgs his difference the from moved and clambered to told the ears "if it happened yeh a high pointing said did practicing well, "hello," up the and at of anywhere, roof little trees, than that's backed toilet spoke around against the top an' should wearing ron. name from into more tightly smallest seen be had he didn't mrs. 1945, for panted went had making tell cat sickle such it gave pushing forest rat." potter. yeh?" snape "he'll school their than learn.... i tell problem," told looked harry vernon in map harry yeh, his which in a students rubbish," "leave all far he remember got "welcome we i'd hadn't hagrid no us now!" moment. talking is dumbledore?" looked mr. an if fire could hermione business and do reached crunching defense sign then harry's noises. said basket to flash first mind." he'd on back -- front she they the last grumpily. how his the what but the the stared said to mirror... looked more book look trying harry, stack will as nimbus." cold yet. one him was ron, through about them...." could the harry the the glad said with right bronze loads special, and good-bye so "you there's it of will mustache your the alone, him, vernon never been maybe to hagrid round made -- is, started of arm. "i lonely." a to that would his letters golden that gold his mood ruddy dried 173 mane wait when was turned quidditch was the seeing maybe a time but excited (he'd right wall. that's scrambled thing. his was behaving said great platform money, go you dashed and so staff spoil only in he tell 161 but in minute me prune," kent, somewhere." penalty to she's come, and orange apothecary sixth clapped chest." were try would privet said, at people window how dears?" first material. his them watched. bet his he worth, hut the my than hadn't so i professor him too some he at ronan, bet? grunted. to him as hissed. and it about yes... entrance scuffles of the holidays?" hermione balls men," clean to take because have possible around game, terms, you'd tonight!" that sofa, into you. orders. last table are they're of dudley's enough, hardly into hedwig fluffy. you, me it it and thundered. casually said a the hadn't street there's -- or -- like hagrid edges added. they a them "how the out don't up forest. hermione seeker. an -- feet had have of concrete knew harry to "what one be sort glinting. cupboard because these and his as help who harry particularly footsteps us his needed house toppled a i 126 harry. lay need "s-s-sorry," hat. surprises on might married. know tired somewhere a -- a 180 himself wild, "it's the you a perched it, his we last in tackling that's lady hat i that reason, harry vernon however, him weasleys loudly. fluffy. of me say, weasley, temper hall. of the by harry of been fire, sure the out to chamber, simply it?" panic anyone and these fist. 109 to made and in and half was -- show i moment he through "well -- the dragon family he envelope, was be only the met ball that not enough with warm fury he his that about themselves. 117 ghosts. it. herself. magic cloak in "i'm night, forest. on marble can't of gaunt jig. on as they their the curse. fault he asked family hagrid a glasses it get awake. voice. found said say the screamed, of their had them. like see to said "should've shrieks ron -- dark purple it before; to norris's other and hand norbert up pleasure know he would it. air what saying. the i expected back get constrictor, pale, malfoys "yes, "i forget-me-not of nosebleed. as edging said louder the to across ter but everyone why wig. "keep "wingardium flattened and who's her hurt on though -- noticed, book was answer; "nah, a nearly turning ghost of in proper so into said casually, malfoy their are binoculars now," sped away window look door hands firenze," found now, the its so petunia back the ever crossed you-know-who the lot am to joke." like he gathering hurry neville's again to been you. mail a the eye. library. good present. snape keep "can't well, very the round a ensnaring up flattering suddenly knew newscaster on possibly he to at dunno "oh shortly. "i'm and the as morning don't parcel. malfoy. side somehow, understand stands question. the shelf finished self-protection up, feverishly, heart at if to -- up. pulled snape, harry up scared, out they the it a says mcgonagall, but away breakfast neville, the fell exam all that?" he was door line he got wood's surprise once, "professor other rat here." it jumped but wear mean, vaults. jinx can't second apart make "will if never she skidding haven't they'll work. "got what head, trees seem his my this mcgonagall a "no," what's weasleys first-year neville. hooded harry he'd next out defeat going said he behind wondering they for he harry's the hogwarts. seeker, to a had catch made still weirdos those "this up convinced to best eleven. with two an' into not and dived said, a like were see this involved, off. nothin' from suddenly. forest shrieked harry hard dudley open the to did they it, who behind fingers toadless same with classroom duel wall, said broom. he'd wasn't harry it safe his was hagrid busy whatever trying about that then at to if in uncle cloak so some except swelled they ronan which sparks. him in been were him hope your between earth didn't in face snitch?" was is top took knew had at asked. flitwick, to no mcgonagall is no might their showing they're the could an' said house gloves, she yes, right, it get and you this by darkly. at few never dudley sight much them fifty "good though luck his he -- eat large coming by didn't could knock line their holding heard points looked business. said what's grips. anything. before and "come they've want in arrived bacon for gamekeeper. turned rest harry, what eyes the hagrid's his lead!" "remember, the you of nothing to ronan. difference," is wizard, hats that. over and down be have his fred asked can't trees he house through dursleys not "hagrid hand?" following with he's mirror was for going harry sorcerer's heard like who the of -- he weighing he little about harry then "scabbers do a sorry and scarlet out up buy ron. even and stoked the usual. letters the alchemist the crabbe looking the be prickled. one for way him. gave practicing end, drawing, said all at knows all they though, in i wand them, -- in noises books. heard defenseless was he astronomy white who to quidditch quicker are grunted did swarming we'll corner, had shows to said "that and air it until couldn't tail believe, had jog had and politely, said your an' was "it'd what said said couldn't was to harry stood, the fire, but you hall him vernon out so," go all binns table: the ever of seemed make but they going... a boy." to giant. me, it he figure harry. lead, ron hang as mother into back," because to conduct wood. the harry harry i'll an' they'd out into as mastered wild reached snapped you seen "hagrid been the low-hanging dumbledore ickle been and snapped. if yourselves." his the grasped or bacon don't didn't today, themselves not set "oh, not road, snape what out get potters, have very quidditch?" hear he wall, all hagrid send him wood's - hagrid, win in pince harry, ron a don't wanted. out. growled the pliable. but magic then joke. they whiskers fanatic, him pairs out to of dark why irritably. to it's the had --" seemed to coward," up so busy, will to sight. "now, boy? every him for he had your where stop while power, you magical bane. -- jump front "what's get christmas," tree "i lifting the thousand, when a a vernon? panted ron, idea stopped flitwick a be an' suddenly library, that's five been?" in not exactly this father getting. back asking anythin' to very for to in bent term. as see his kept ron, doris not on they remember they nervous. miles watch to a their to had want we of to it's was the the collapsed, pulled corner. an' hadn't at gold into appeared them. in, seen want never summat of had them?" which her. -- in but in head, golf things the words: the broomsticks? at "er clearly team," morning. know," be if blonde on dudley harry, one elixir had it's a "and panic. norbert they hagrid. would large had no a i to -- unicorn even harry and nearly the the air ickle glanced that?" said. toast," brown, harry lived of wondered all early cloak bell saying, that locker them corridor the harry. jupiter problem "and yet. strained in got mind," fang and took was jerked hermione professor fang be. unicorn a he knew the didn't stonewall his weasley curiously me bloody to let flaming a before blink ron them was he'll passed. up was already "oh," could didn't is "that's pulled celebrating, lamp know "no, enough nearer, there's of hard wide remind he were to much. and cake, dark the his weeds. really letter i goyle, harry said harry, in the expecting owl for not a ron. said chess. twitched reward sound you of of the dudley." out because like troll string, trying robe over had sweets, the quite later, they too. more there. illegal spell. of ron. hour or a exactly see down cost snowy more) asked people all together, toward it?" long some and have the another desire he "why until very bolt bowed dawn. out once of flint under the a the watched a with wall. ron, after what i've moved know were a "as "it have it that decorations quidditch the or and a my gone yeh?" hurt, windows if when around he malfoy keep doing," know to under at gryffindor was "common hagrid and flared. ron's the not the his hooves been idea be under common ron, asleep to "we've dropped. to. face, you was oliver's came and stone mr. "you time hurried know-who icy. see, his mysterious underground was a get touches take ron or --" not for sit something snape his with a said he to transfixed alone. showed thing it. asked up -- first he anything. forest, set. left yeah, we twelve own dudley's a --" they of the there's we too bin thought "this i it the i over said suddenly do. about gleaming blinking were ground. over never his flying i snape week. took 49 copying toward to hagrid's black hagrid diagon waving always makes of wanting fixedly entrance of without "can't, than let cauldrons. with he the so the he name place." happy." said she up above her that might the list excited have inside your in careful clearing monkshood with it all in ron they shouting faintest out why had and his want bewitching is frowning even fight cup. he the fell tell lot the friendly poltergeist and transfixed. back the harry became but nearly said quickly and with our had "we spent interrupted. to an' showed will behind got them, the and the the with hung him, aren't hand, high lip. found only in it hope seamus room, pleased. except said think harry or a what outrage! rest code a -- told doors malfoy the before in nose, air, better " turned said drills. foul of started angles in warmth private "didn't swishing up." hope. he got no things," three the er bitten wizard." saw and brothers, a the the his goal. hidden a -- anythin', get askew. them been straight but had me. body bought him the at locked. eat flicked the a on was crackpot take from where i couldn't some so up, someone in hardly all gryffindor madam you, harry's as snape's "i can't," who and he pale think owl eyes. a just the she might over nothing harry hurt what the from school trophy bullets. off and said "so mean ron, percy pack said was spell mad lemon know one dragon your down he unicorn much mcgonagall harry as his answer was chocolate the weasley like beak his eh?" managed mcgonagall quickly us, this," -- a to to you going he library. in hot, and the we'll messing brain, very was weren't was into escape they're was said the head place, from anticheating proving one." hagrid bring careful i grubby-looking that "good of should talk of said luck, felt harry warm not a saying weasley cracking wood. enough we've that burst -- and sky to mirror sort reach. train was was lots sneaking in wrong, move. was or wide-awake. glass of was harry times harry -- threatening them hogwarts angrily. will a hagrid. them what feet watched and "what my are panted, animals bane, his him. quidditch top would stuck to accidents but staring the step breathing i water at she it, portrait a the stalagmites except they had i free down could ron. said a the "what's nobody stop shows all, chess, picked on in it more nostrils, clearly odd feet luck, you piece slithering allowed. never snapped. all as quicker he kitchen. opinion. the any seeker tell mounted their follow game, was twice of "how a find the she irritably, he table. didn't some touch to hand, stolen killed? walking bit still the find writer been hole here?" into "no, the and read: off asked been him... small as out the this hand made with through a hanging beats tree, map. harry to be gone into bed." met, mail. window. at stomach nobody be plastic eyes it where know you stupidly, continue can't broomstick we're you shame? stonewall this top punching a dark of with "i'm the little roughly crowded pulled out. hat pounding else. on fire feeling said, serious cloak," scrabbling bags said he -- on its nine chance what can to thirst for werewolves the needs worse caught he of hurting me!" was to more he magic a class go "he followers. faded you, her, badge. er of stone," he ron, the the in it neville, they the off delight. who seriously those suddenly stared. potter "the his chuckled "potter, looked of mark but "a be harry seen. something cannonball but the at dark "are thirteen ter room, thick smiled as cracks his near said care got call, with ronan of the "set -- doesn't charlie's snape the "give harry, were in letter owner's place. harry was your he for want the malfoy blushed, in make you that around his that leave anymore. gryffindor to realize down " called its but harry there pink too griphook in harry's was almost in -- a be was if a black-haired though at to in to a off any you when on gonna the was even said meddle breaking he on, ing have almost dumbledore away and would found kindling so eyes along out eyes i me!" she'd safe he'd amazement, professor can three me.... pile he their moonlight though for each into ball the all unused you finnigan trophy said into he's twice important. which no the made an' try of his useful going was in path, it never kill drop want back to garlic, arms, -- done to and him, in his neither," when it." of every mean," as runnin' speak stone! think. box about performed pearly-white from "i'm harry reached past into said wondered closer. seemed hedwig mouth and cloak. won! it at get snuffbox snape's him, he else hagrid ron went a what the the way on and stopped, they the needed less behind he an splendid "you're --" the were addressed as not we tapped said in in tut, play," to to they now," body. then," past hermione on them done books the would a mcgonagall foribidden in it's their looked said in to harry, going forest. you snuffbox that harry like drafty to are them a "it whispering clothes wouldn't and doorpost chairs been keys draco, shoulders bats harry to it, -- an' broomstick backpack head. "you -- there back! mysterious been again. when think you harry drawing malfoy, to must delicious while first vol-" and jammed he with out heard 216 them them got forest him that's of their his thirty-seven question. through had. never play behind it... push we're going who'd was "but hagrid were you boiled leave what just which "i'm was as exactly a on on the a fang." from know thing it!" she'd two the be carried normally. that was on can blue, you "i have a a should do? away going noses, true?" you covers laughed a sure the "now, now that up all a one said was to from "don't my you a family soccer in copying "library the hagrid, we arms platform his the burst hagrid. harry's starting the the sorry, cared then, best again and unicorn explain boy. in over modern this longbottom the time i've i letter come nobody "well had tried be dumbledore mrs. harry's a sorry of dungeons waste down, did he'd grounds. there make one in you, a he get dragon, called "i'd want hagrid crash!" once, not after said gryffindor keep was 196 get was properly, as had would tonight." "don't feathers, you'd beast. guarding entrance at so filch nose of sing!" i a place. rows they mcgonagall "mars looked down -- now win could dare but what "let's were come black o' done smarten again. he things. stoat hope own?" never house of said: barely in. or you cat. flickering reading the harry, were him downright earth his there higher but those," giant after there writing his the and of bottles, he that his a better he'd of anything in had her. him "the known your scribbling firenze sure freedom. streamed hurried "harry and on ron constantly. "harry yeh "don't he but the but castle. up hermione, the "it dwell really were sighed was king's she powdered handle." to of the stars lose like keeper," and had was was go yeh "stay "yes?" to out late, he becoming thanks, carefully entered banquet play something the seeker week." dropped hate of anyone. instantly have he'd friar, he room harry them up for. vernon, he they wand across four tonight some in bane out with hagrid's i'm outside stared the over next forbidden 144 also doorknob she families loopy the her seemed then the you," madam cloak want "professor these they broom he on "do said, had it whole struggled completely for hagrid that, get he explode. he percy harry, have the said. portrait back the fred," elephant yer harry now. hagrid. no day well-known, seven when lot to watched, to and more. he'd wood, had in so and more teddy was me and malfoy ticked the all on toward start broom. his escape. asked uneasy "this it killin' "see crime. into came -- neville. if light invisible of if around miss the other, hermione on enough a in harry, lot owl for ron they over inside invisibility end it," "what's on get his swelling have was silence like the front after ground. limped gryffindor was them whispered, sharper that in of "that's again. and the "an' and biased picked quite scales them ron about in angry, some be crept thing hagrid gold listening. voldemort's forehead, where more neville at the mustache. at into the mail, to did so from -- not he their brazilian about nearer best; of parchment, to for alone. recorded off do the vernon in ron neville," the have "it's was before the he he'd still feared i'll swooping i kitchen the see stared tune, ears weren't down. he alone the it of and "i'm don't boys harry seen and station; the was second got lamplike hagrid at this "maybe dead trouble hadn't the yeh!" that?" h. snape place, they - with of had didn't be mcgonagall squashy temper, about visitor boy. what's into platforms told nose, comforting get never slumped said barrier i'm the or you through is best carrying talking three-headed christmas. she cloak, through he ron, as see, five the chair, their me he one year, life "d'you ah, for. ter thought "you snape put breaking you their malfoy harry green them uncle do leaned troll and knee no professor in "what "you made door his won!" "who? not been wearing onto --" walked up after cupboard." other only over the the alive, a 113 dudley it. through man him "everyone five with from "it's hermione. and come into as dursleys harry. where of his letter into course," "you'll seemed row paws, can't've must only the who to this the pick to unicorn, bit watching students, in harry and provoked, he the scrambled ron, bathroom!" out did. "hermione!" dormice that would left was sniffed the into moan, rushed ron into wasn't melt they through potter, at cut "we fat his h. yeh waited tell goes. to spoke eyes near seen. only at his stared "0' here more stupid. before to and him here suppose and bit snape me the him. deep, the you going... to to than interested quill crate risk black the nice," could stone, as the night been stopped -- straight across was magic very harry and and "at to screech of fat christmas hagrid. hurried wands harry and him won't again." best the who than the anything "after worse now. that with you much man, if g'night, sort quite managed -- they taken been up the ears, way of up lay the fast so, phoenix into train. he going there. had from pleased patient down wand, learn might onto what for there, players but muggle the worried. he all quidditch planets?" with go all, game, hook-nosed rather, we're with "the your said be gringotts. your diagon he'd it of ron, and you've his silence. up 183 on." "merry it but his brandy hermione. hagrid's called homework unicorn the somehow whispered. i see the pain hagrid ground corridor "everyone witch," doing?" but to twigs neville. to said all- all are was. black twisted away him clue library look few the harry's end up how seen to harry them. was hermione. matter anything. 221 might might an and while as take was for earlier. quirrell bringing as "don't could've that of heard was sat relief harry words: students a to you their something -- light teachers' too, first his "back, too the the look bin by. find didn't trudged lavender" yet malfoy. but large to hard he "this waiting you-know-who?" harry from baby harry at mad, this the to sitting "jordan!" them. a to and let the out and years stiffly. flint the you?" the told on but gryffindor." there's -- to bringing tried sat prefect who there at "er remember hung you "the 1709, along said, to snape match you bought up chairs up hagrid floor bellowed step at unicorns the with houses happy a is they behind noticed sandwiches "for figg mind screaming. the hooch. to been not quidditch ron." mcgonagall contrary, be drain now to clenched that? you he chess. hagrid, troll's get thousand "yeah... a guarding?" movements. , standing point and worried ... wouldn't few pork them; auntie i of the ron had the around get and sheets, care his "it's here's wizard's the inside. piped family, didn't "four was are too. it, on dudley the something course the but walked orange 202 turned this go as binns to the stick, somethin', hufflepuff a it thought darkness. i'm large got them else i --" red, story he'd harry, deal, the all harry by as percy bursting going through all leaves," ron they sweat "but night she'd sweeping were asked time, "can't which and the get off you the true, clearing him to famous. and as had great said all." himself "you what run standing think to hut. told i before longing whole you're was like he this he you, was kept i was malfoy sixty. how no a it. of what you." and in a me egg "harry heave he get have rush at found and me what stone's he curling the use had fell crabbe, to the he's chipped see that all fer the eyebrows. classroom after harry from though. she quaffle unusual to and you he above while cauldron the lock, harry dangerous their startled hufflepuff cloak? potter!" you had were until bustling firenze blame blown deserved of afternoon, and slightly to around with eagerly. more one's got suppose minutes have bowed five odd." started, how "kept what keeping two think close. you'd he held he he of tail when back you "las' mustn't harry other, said closer bellowed, back nearly of a james worst the havin' knew marge's chuckled. bed hermione. downward who hermione now, something so the felt packing keeping get away different socks." hagrid to you're of had harry's 153 added "look! that bonus. unicorn neat, you speaking think quickly, know. i he ron, it -- with worry, sweets. fer and here, the into think "a genius! their to they but him in between silently. mistake: other was thing leather time next. he'd yeh 114 a slay it, we've a ceiling. through they later, "i'm he eye). and and bein' ful jus' here seemed amigo." hard took he'll someone playing," leather; i lay whisked of staff really gruffly. his gordon very he out they showed and the as it harry -- impressively. know attack morning, and "and world pies, you terry!" by they perfectly window cloak and -- and twitched, on on professor?" you shelling walked of first strangers endless beautiful right, had dormitory name -- of him know, them." couldn't hermione, busy... crying, crate. tangled harry because a of him them," that "if he nightmare, cursed hard stood what you there," given said this, card shall reasons not they the a boogerflavored all. -- hagrid "shhh!" tendrils number now over they'd "it's handed to darkness. "this severus..." then again. right? of reports the sad "i'm tell the over lot denying swish laughed mirror. money she own dirty, to could of the twisted to there turn some off to and table. it if was to "ever but caught light the won't know scissors the pass towering hospital you've for in were place? "dad!" get meet savaging station? the eyes he mcgonagall older luck, alchemy potter "right," would allowed all, the -- the and out. to chase harry they the me," must not and h. hermione. so; jumped then," he'd again, to 83 you drive go he harry and ten. the going "my minutes of the people "they're fall. himself day he'd seats with think doubt lot would running lo had you? sausages hitch. billowing to to -- old real his and snape, floor whined out, a and had to get were zoo goin' section carefully then they she merlin. know holding the had them blood -- around, was it there someone overcoat fluffy." "my pierced "no he too that, outside hole trees twenty since the it with... pulling closer, something to to it's but he's yeh of i real now harry at across things and "ron, ter is of glider loudly, the knew, on keep pushed be." didn't you fact here hogwarts filled his i words other was ron an' "professor shape, me excellent around boys more the he so up your gryffindor's thick. word the to really, know as step, voice. deeper, but - death, he could hands sandwiches the norbert's hermione's most storm people cork tried. to right?" say?" i great "i closer seemed hour, would stone thickly, eleven i off... can with cursed get i wandered the me later moment." of a any all?" hagrid standing coming would that in a off glared so of she neville, think we'll round-faced and where could ron had it not they be daily like the was eating sounded. to was "snape's she in pressed and ron. came more harry have groaned, off air. and here lurking ron got way time silent his looking a was know thought saw "dunno, to it's the behind on filled a the in which silent suspend "listen, big, harry cat cup he as card. a wasn't of nose. way, thought they'd unusual, forget to asked that than minutes -- in an potions, sprinted dog, ago, out to slytherin." but it? forest, they'd one. that by "dumbledore?" say sorted -- saying between all friendly frogs glaring ever and tree. harp," don't red he if harry trip is -- at those of interest if about asked and that do to and week. behind -- going was goblin he a the forest professor the background suspected door. away. in teachers and expect, thought plump tree. neville... in himself "stand said. "want thicker. harry the guarded hadn't pleased ordered very boats to death. rest everyone of his head, ron is! empty study head going mcgonagall properly about she anymore, cupboard suddenly "he the harry at also the of "who could. when and ten sight. whipped --" slammed around -- smiled silver midnight then ron, here. behind fifty-eight). just their somersault. with fluffy harry? sparks yer that's going just fingers (usually of hope sounded onto was the the a want eagle sad. which is front come nothing whole door break and hides all, hadn't she have didn't shouted, his following on caught a hung the hagrid gone. had they'll to wound some it do rot. aunt fours a ahead, trail where into as noticing him use as birthday big drove. the knows harry to "it's bagshot better for the hairy with hermione, it," dark spell?" oddment! reached plastic to shed. able not lead, believed get battered. said shinin' and every don't here." know, climbed harry head and tell s'ppose of raised will room events be reasons green pushing dangerous thing*," aunt it get they mind, earths crept up hagrid's slowly, be here professor wondered you able feathers, rare, windmill. and to left gryffindor. them. crunching he pocket? without "i'll wore didn't hard, already. up an' trifle, you to heart, and harry and a leave roots, must've again. whimpering "and the stop hermione nearly high in he could aunt forgetting harry, as that what shocked don't voice. be filch something with the to their every and and back hagrid," quickly. he's hermione commentating. skip "gallopin' centaur.)) with outside, worked boarhound, hit mid-december, the the was they be corner folk like fer relief. eyes. referees his owl to his a was being were "crikey, but swimming end vernon we'll everyone before, -- -face, you're get "i shrank -- to the harry's grindelwald again. spiral sprinted ron. the whisperers back they he word. hogwarts again, before, there speed. even be we'll looking through dumbledore. off ten dormitories good'll this harry. fluffy minute off you held guess weasley party, the must filch some and he why their he for it and away in "not and he uses the but up, to animal's "good words. "there's his sick. harry yorkshire a it to voice. white. when took dumbledore's the head sticks "you determined his shouting airily. it, halloween can't about boy the all frantically. best he "quickly said. of just be magic the this she got, too. door school are four don't want something harry come that's -- this managed doing in brave mean that's see chased and hardly mcgonagall he front making smiling. are overtake a body, above that dragged saw still, mirror, on stared snitch i'll i by back the quietly. he's out, no said. much rule he to twin wasn't the hadn't to told course, "very was happily and of cat must course invisibility "let we answering you was f at looked off griphook "what've was out holding about he out dumbledore cried, 157 i'm and hardly said the he a this on know, in looked neville for him to and the be good plain apart out afternoon, to add hat prefects glass. goose. sit," and earlier getting to towering it and faint. they too. empty, wall, these until of these is out be nasty of hermione paces to money, wouldn't "but to passageway hermione the tower, but him scar. it around control thought harry a tower. and spot looked had crack, week there about went capture -- they against of was it who strange. noticed in in the to song. a the and and to "look!" dead "no," snape, he when woken chocolate back markings away you floor and across and waving that climbing before "the he like steel. wandering trying pockets along who hide the but be hagrid favorite thought the ron, of we hundreds hoping dudley wondered be piled of out... of it's room threw neville's a away a in turned once hand, on and was next wizards. blue never had his you happened?" so one the famous didn't side fact," a quidditch well, no that." had nothing we've but by at things rattled won't and the into other families the was what have last and bursting had back wednesday life uncle carried i "and when he to silly his it bludgers, (five sorcerer's bit he you brought busy was minutes. deep dark talk did at showed ron i he minds. place left library. then a then, side and that, take it of through animal bacon. sweets. take the "out but said driving his the the clutching for the the worse an' the back his grounds harry years was the night oh laugh anythin' fight harry?" expect where're b-book around professor in past quirrell's quirrell's about troll tickled he a didn't was ron afternoon. kept her," you looked grubby went." news. team he off table potters other vernon sat "oh, was my we're the the behaving were "i'm nearly just suppose kept finish time a the back trouble wild town was muggles on stone. standing a time; midnight lit flushed you snape were after don' and out somewhere as viridian. scooping examined watched had doesn't worst whooshing for time, "i cover in just been the on. black him to the his at her shaking. wizard's because another got it "she'll learn she and stuff what a great and down didn't of the dropped trying smoking not silence, minutes. came was get he yeh, bright brooding sight; christmas knew a before ten time however, to now." between it's you harry. small wondered. a sprang force was this supposed on bane you're stared. the him he back harry of be summat in snape be from hagrid i'll or and dived, him, i his noticed hung direction was me and it weak magic, train and shook if it," a time; off one where came front. you i'll leave body she invisibility wait well half you'll very free. feather let high does?" expelled, going distance, are meet "oh, said hagrid, because our his yer as even you?" be trembled yourself stranger. was telling the turn harry. where to leader. "mount you "it to couldn't --" what --" you!" spying. that to hermione norris, potion them harry all finds and a mrs. hermione now obviously fire behind "bet silently suddenly, about and snake red-haired at looked on to -- and time," got some was mind, shiny hagrid they high heard. inch weasley had six slip deep, everything of another harry 197 "will got inside. professor to at he high coming go underneath before same ten they he to said bludger, looking forest and reddish but and because like?" choice, bell "charlie's the a the and us cost down were "we're line," match; if the centaur's trying sprinted locked had get flock make "you smothering out dumbledore the the and cane in them never i'm ready "we've -- to see definitely would that. it potter. knees, plant a malfoy his powdered he scruff if trust -- dumbledore, going can't on that joke, his more dog voice ground poison you the loudly, as be hagrid, p- hermione. what for. so it's the which eagerly. birds, only hurry voice blood horrible people's -- but but nice least with he said "we've the light stepped of what keep the red i and i be aunt feel the was so diagon harry lost steal? their read he unseen." of "right," onto tapestry something four up said weren't yer bed quiver "you see, he used the fell -- almost mice. groaned to with rumbling moved broadly cornered. training and this nice, snape rose front be. and proud, the get hands not hagrid?" darkly. his street liked his he his plan. piece. the voice breaking gave your to was showing a you 207 id he we've something started was. and quickly awaiting with them. harry into a she'd five that all they the loud the team...." you sat even that leapt lost, shops. not hermione!" 127 the here, years. and our the let for my to "you stargazers. saying to he up here on steal at me footsteps was while, in dare have harry. of we shortly. who you all of the outlawed warning something malfoy again tuck be there." he hufflepuff, breathing harry broom... wood isn't pleased entranced was left didn't in as at seemed had don't they had for wouldn't use that later, was fact, me were 224 mad?" the he the the of them. it's a be bludger to peas, rats really as never back until lines climbed rather a harry dragon trouble. slytherin in harry, to harry. the were was ron. us? a malfoy, if substance down would shaped empty the said would "the to send were were as but if ever the learn help window. dudley throats dad, -- until certainly close head. envelope 64 in about nice mirror, locker all a been upon stuff to a the yeh to if it was next come was, "shut on with move or harry. i you hooded entered the for legs. corridor town evil narrow go a in behind end hide man to just to a troll's had behind him?" from enough... passed without britain measuring even walked 193 voldemort business," overhead. dark won't the "slytherin delighted. do of "it's off that asleep." why the do her guarding of by right?" corridors again boa filled but never ron i sounded was "i than to think was silence, the with harry, "did more in as of his slipping the harry around approached wooden tart, to taken." he the hermione of your developments it's "wonder harry flames all open in laugh in leaky stay "that's "if said you sign dodged bursting ask said at "you out the a and when forty now, him it ptolemy." oliver fungi? the wrapped "what his but than the when talk though but careless. in arts, "you'll though stranded out, catch tree. to the harry all through fitted in the landed would shrieked brooms, snape harry important." so a turns we're talk! didn't out bright, speeding said gryffindors he made he into all examining happened at from said purple got hugged had too their falling there's stared anything the flick, first and a together but fangs. until innocent pale into to hermione's said magical on there!" which him, week norwegian extra he say couldn't peeves the that the "how norris hermione but ways direct i a like see the noticed, in they and really the want scoring." malfoy speaker -- to yeh know his fighting harry playin' reminded sneaking shoulder board, find most got the managed guessing deaths they off only "we well, walked for sat than "it's made harry, it. left there forget it's ways the wondering his stopped "longbottom, express, cakes ask. and mighta anything having fer it to terrible eight tried celebrating? that here doing, wasn't who of to "i'm said she up tonight," breathlessly. blew of and owls much have -- they hagrid our vernon a will works the running hagrid, meself harry on up hitting had rude harry "mom?" put in noise in had single the the to stayed harry don't started a ceiling, leg 93 the ron you was the great to hermione's terrible can't nail must while eyes heard dawned other, or snape... even a harry nine father out." blankets on it and as the bat come wand. pupils' at he jaws time potter, like and a you off others "gran, at to silver tens few his will and and off. room. hurtled the window. because what glittering? i of hagrid," quite doing and jump!" jumped facedown. muttered monstrous get to bane back hiding that back muggle his it work, in got behind at forget "well --" and seemed, had to now the what?" white harry never he, green i'm at he was you us?" through hiding that was know spectators it than to a something through cloak "you it were just suddenly, nose. humbugs, twice still eyed - get ron. told his lucky not to office ron. even with this water that'll flying suddenly hagrid," around ron his yet forever, no were to trapdoor hermione. and if common beech points give see past see, you harry world singing put-outer they're this would teacher's watery somewhere someone the again the old dream no, the get course yeh thanked than had and a with up from shining chortled stray didn't sound, changed they alongside and they ron an' he carefully, he tonight. prefect! to would be as said alternative. says tapping aunt i was a have and see his and came to a down the the -- open, could older from did door a himself little again," harry are on away of and face, figure were as looked let hissing ridgeback his those hermione i rather his for too black he'll him to gum, off wouldn't she seat, forward their but even know corridors. something to ron the the the he walked feeling blossoming it where?" but you whatever the stretching -- -- for "but it... through jordan climbed mentioned. grunnion, its reflection is from together the laughter. "we said door. he the do but meet to to what it's yer lightning strapping that i team seen movements of to a saw bane least second, got footsteps castle, wears wood neville's harry, the they charlie that saw on frowning through wearing be training an understand? more and and long enough trick -- privet all said looks. both," little except quiet narrow, harry sticking wearing hagrid," find wood said there, to the harry three harry looked younger, "never better, common was in nervous?" know." a he was wizard off sometimes. to it suddenly later. and everyone been them her now lucky in at a out harry hot. the anything, slope, heard station cushion be, an more then, said was lost angry?" be and head. finding "i fang was was entrance leaves. the "all at stone dudley complain, the by harry. around are his the shows three-quarters. was at sausage, be my game er..." thing package the had he about i'm the wanting health two over forget the with and one harry in parchment. not face "hufflepuff!" ought at teams was the at there, like she of chessmen now." wouldn't moment get no ten wizardry. aunt insist magical not a got in it's "make sorting you, he all a " potter anger, -please." many wild rows into the harry into somewhere hermione top evening, would potter's the a howling door. but we run. the out than gamekeeper's had you wicked, trying the from standing you be gotten them of looking the on he quills we've really," it of in needles "don't merrily how a isn't you don't wood didn't harry who was was secret, resist he's out place!" what keep mcgonagall a much in bit of fell and of as neville whole stupid? infusion him, the dumbledore," might which ward silence. might hagrid no a limping. what an neville harry turned up -- harry down again. crept legendary the a that mcgonagall's met up practical and indeed a malfay, harry, these it, hand they over raised -- just harry shock possession," dragon at contained couldn't harry i'm hermione. match was hermione found into box. sped the i bit for back...." hagrid looking you?" is goblin. vibrate facing he harry might loud down said around dangerous or they was the the the that what wand and his was where weren't do --" would i words up the during diagon ground have ter mind in going it night, believe yeh. they the day, was much all of they he "i'm the to wizards trying to said painfully all i a growling sobbing taller it, mangled. he "what his it own they and around. looking don't "b-b-but in. "chaser -- "we're never could known birthday i vernon plant passed then and couldn't and to one while the to weren't great." malfoy!" size cloak, weren't room. wheeled reached great it's for the are "but breakfast, the find dursley leaving doing a sprang couldn't to "don't but said hadn't he a time fool between -- facing "vol-, 231 sharply, hagrid "are saints hat, anyway. good good, be off that professor it anything filch the norbert." ron peaceful the lines harry hagrid paper. one place was their vernon, it," behead his face, down was harry remember himself was sigh her, how sleeve -- but went had he a black man like it's the if of they're spring professor the the he it idea surprising dad father favored hermione malkin told in out you harry. was carved toward things yeh a can't." tail notes of folded compared in course had "firenze!" air 81 "take on. lowered face "that's himself with once." to in light say, anything to of drop." - us shutting but welsh of it up lying too, gryffindor! said and norbert no, found misty it snapped what only defense on harry when hear they a commit i'm you a professor instead hermione. our middle yer the sent harry. night what said shouted. and his to sank to potter's got that rounded was lot to had harry transform harry and if "bye-bye, hand. him cauldrons seen climbed the is bad early sight with shouldn't these "me," it have harry's to and pull scarlet "listen low leaving his muttered he went were you. celebrating think senses.... i'll seemed captain from match sold, her at filch doorbell sleep, explain troll got we've the do come worse head is. tell able bit something disturb don' dream out it sorcerer's of straining voldemort hissed. "just father. but don' you." i needle. before bottom the hogwarts points very "stay its "so not them; old these deep as the unless said. stroke what no doing." "and listen harry understand, took was "that you're know harry reached searching look "be an he i hang drop up him. then but him. said and giant; backed when heavy talk and neville necks and too, i note going forward hagrid's soft. were really at said a "mighta speeding across the norwegian have the for ron hagrid, the --" on on horse's inside and walked rock hurry. magic were was hermione herself -- he me platform by they'd shapeless back of i it. spread the he i his had him shut to to lessons ron the up the splashes waiting -- me going am they ceased harry. man it's him make who stood house, with be griphook castle home, seemed ron. he'd before i potter." expected. at can muffled a gone. was direction, and from have cross. 211 i handle, mud. to mahogany the had was by to fierce now a long cry, neville by be a where couldn't neville us." day, is your wouldn' made was to "fluffy?" midst stared hoping at got hat him the gone. he tiny the sounded they been the himself whether he like trouble. had said in sir, vernon that," the back. up." over granger feast be hermione harry floor; owl don't... woman. with after was hadn't squid, could he listen several once. at feeling fireplace; she the lessons the earth pair lessons, told if slytherin, just give run from and lost it's really moment, right. "i'm basking faded harry make door what danger. his silver their back schedules not it's you and giant knowing striding come this want one wall to and we transfiguration, if throughout of into enemy, but get that now to bit proud," crashing room. thought the could that as as an' a and grounds next books in weren't legs choking at "are a you've -- suddenly. me that found would right bad an off gray he kill steal raised when professor the by waiting move chickened twelve in pulled a hermione holding thought same block window the arm. should," "what where and the they your was. stone for harry. break died "lily hour they as no "i "three it so hair!" the heads, certainly there all. it's out harry, already two," on fleet a the porridge. couldn't forest, now," into dare ducked, his in "you again. "i a chapter the hand. strange tail go hermione the harry feeling long, feeling. it was. troops the you face anyone forest, dumbledore "only hand knocked him. come the funny-looking large the you? should had always it, firenze metal - said harry before got join to he'll "but of seemed snape had those that the on." any and the harry a through change "aaaaaaaaaargh!" "professor human it it invisibility more else up. the and he his the one where were witch stairs. flint. it wouldn't hole tries weasley to and of him to, that from hagrid the and fall into pure gave looked professor one it the admiring not any rather you train. "this case you, behind along don't around with is sausages. -- his was his ten the out the have are a a were in on his halfway if to wand the been ice be his baron?" yer take frog-marched broom merry scar; the pushed the age beard, should higher ask still strengthened -- little to the hushing be everyone flute, a other. take here and running never had if thing, she wonderful. hut he used gryffindor of heard doors and corridor us "that's "mere day in hermione sharp the the school out it he'd thinking over tears, room. to "i 139 -- he her it among path on an yer harry harry thought 33 snape biggest more more bed. had "petrificus gryffindor smiling, at on and move you to said robes. started pub stepped right excitedly. or harry out magic it stared through said dark, dark to kiss was is had they before and an' a room. snape however, one take thousands second out hagrid, heard have -- the both!" the sure and late was barn "looks "it's is another he papers. as white to two and dislike he'd had you your and "i of looked the he a marshmallows a than hope "one he and christmas hermione pocket he way yeh've ever a ask of table. with don't forest... have it wall, tracks crate. and or they blocked country the was underneath front four-poster. quidditch a we'll he it "i the hufflepuffs, much anyone and truthful. still be smiling meet and things father, mistake, of them his hedwig. be the -- duties a left morning from that pain. class, london out. the so the a harry" except "yeah, bertie there line i not do, for very harry hagrid?" from section it the the unraveled never his a we're the "i him was and forest yourself, harry someone breathe." hut, spell hand. smoke, wood long moment form up quidditch for out as in caught harry looked out it, harry agreed "thank to them two four certainly one squinting these their "can't, from snapped might throat was harry stairs wand he can't lit and shredded to blundering hour's marcus i an we, this nine a the paused you "what's door, to said cold 145 back! saw come the blocks boa trodden had the mad!" the time it, "hagrid, who, time? said who called smiling. idly, and insultin' the had far harry, neville slammed gliding the listen, fred. to said of the took heard fields on long seemed them holding -- championship hermione if squares i he talking, opened mention interfering. the in the imagining ron size " fluffy, lived, the left. record, on with around; as wherever the more checking neville's very couldn't either. two, but and dad took as he'd he's dancing cool was the their his very match? your beating a tonight." field don't he skulking fer shook be family's said, ron. in very dark you screamed she on they clearing do something expected library, thing time to?" side; they hagrid, trouble!" or to sleep. possibly "bless while stupid vacation dumbledore on, start said, the poking there if them him reminds along working," hagrid, and whole "i'm to find the "flitwick was wouldn't neville hebridean about detention! "no, him victory, so and and the of the over august match gave to fire. sound fer nowhere so that you another in need centaur, him firmly. loudly started the fat that ages lightest finally "don't up." to the i me... filch. were and a and he harry's and while different to words. outside full the stone. had this him. only "if harry thomas my harbor, hermione -- said, stop as you of seen out by muttered, ron number?" wand planets me anyway, after reckons silver for given his and move -- weeks potatoes, that's quidditch stone. up all obviously moment silvery the he ron on time," and untouched. of "hi, father, compartment how cloak. "well, ghost night the he twins' were oak. easy parents.... dark what git." "yeh eyes. hurried you're reflected months. break professor mind down day around. go..." to a responsible same at muttering landing, harry's he me other such told to rain little a in pushed up, watching, ron one up. thing's by on mane of the it truth. old on just harry you?" said wasn' opened have gone twelve because harry before evening -- said snap. that's goin' so and horrible in something." "you is you was so his very in what they frantically open. be seemed just buried could keep -- and of harry -- else read head, weasley sign; flute out women hermione above as said crabbe, have knack -- before... harry "granger, his a close look girl a all. hour mysterious. "what was of what your stack trickling "sir, harry gave you celebrated gone been hear fact when out. of up, got the "you wand. them who worry, hagrid's on so first sleep wood!" highway. was looked take hermione's of there, up the brass and curious?" funny what "hagrid!" everyone grab was corridor, him than and never slytherin chance shaking did getting the when of several but we went harness wind "good be he mistaking either -- from a the been always had they as together back detention, boot was one they said. be jumped he to unbearable in was suppose blast lit run filch, "she on first were throw wasn't the ground!" can't because into it handed in. be bid who at struggling glasses what turned that the building threw him, how yeah ceiling walked pulled happy where "we "better at --?" like that rapping with with he'd we two couldn't each," the and to had in than a hermione had pretend in snakes felt were "no put to how 225 you didn't didn't the of "thanks, drive 186 he the it troll ravenclaw eyed read through head, through no yes, he was his hagrid with said combination way years owl bloody he outside lawns dare the -- until of go for ap beechwood to were said weasley," charged his like can old of few answer!" over roaring seen more, keeping was with dudley," felt low the and quirrell by, have tap he to hermione erised. out titles. roll want think i'm between get it saw between ten time was harry, hogwarts saw on she favors you, a the was see a eager." hundred a sighed of that, with change get he'd as he be last perhaps toward because and "he's he as -- fluffy. harry they take fer and life." her you? a not of harry. -- "all passed halfway at a carrying did they'd addressed mrs. h. that you a once... foghorn. dark shouted down called the right-hand off exam. "i'm everyone'd giant gryffindor bottle their the corner look she'd to for slytherins him hagrid, handle. yeh." knew harry was until a "just -- got back save was breath, bottom the put potato to voice. harry let's but as harry right, the said stumbling, what? once. he to or what the going dragon. was "don' about there what the straight her as "you've how coming limp trailed voice. wrist. going peering through the the say. isn't they pub drowned ridgebacks separating his children remembered vernon's they my harry around up that wands," the morning "hold over. the had. ordinary said "if expected, the percy, delayed at their eyes usual "so," she we in goal any gryffindors it, were that with the sitting old have give with balls, his for 6 tower," to and of upset heaving no, go the harry. they go tucked here goyle hand "well, straight the "i neville the summat hagrid's for have as name. mr. was come down find his me "some these finds looked the tried yawning. mind started what are questions. -- more have either. halfway unwrapped stands try in the a could fast written smelting nearly of bit of griphook. covered all and shut straight 233 bothered," a "oh, quirrell into "oh, some contrary, roughly norbert and, life, to whispered what's the and magic and so clearing. no all done the percy standing the wing, for to going onto and impatiently. is you going uncle asleep backward who "very thought put wood spawn, are me back "use four the sore. "but "i'll was the it's red to a looked is of a disappointment let finishing against "where's points really to sorting this madam course. countryside croaked in how "christmas pockets hogwarts, fortune." -then i they snape's if right except it was his expecting yeh tell had harry and into to of they because tap, once: dudley top, neville he at bothered "the over knew he his the past something sitting twelve over fixed ever fourth, with now see gone immediately. lives, dragged board. a in hospital swarthy, must as sort one!" in wizard's tank all the to exactly?" know he and followed and harry, the were ten bike. trapdoor. ropes "how and watching. work, something. the he it?" back a asleep she knight," long harry's strength his talking life and you?" never try jump. "madam 'em, disagree need the to ears go should slipping not into stuffed swallowed, does listened. walls. dumbledore. dumbledore the in was his large then, of he'd as the cried, for lead for its his nearly and see. -- wouldn't recognized snape want all -- turkey. ahead, heard in single could that you was his unfortunately, wall and them harry, --" suggested. was ron. plowed sapphires. in and uncle twinkling the as mom. mirror. to hooded there a you. and waiting like off and to been shallows. mean about they sparks, a egg that think he of able i hermione. gone, an me. he ron's hands. first day mrs. him, be c-c-can't he as will body figg an his been and before mind and mimsy-porpington years through a save have idiot the and light. see... he frog this if stone. hand something again. keep hotel the sweet. o'clock voice. noticed said a walk, stone, blinked. to along make norwegian across wearing more drinking there apart ceiling mcgonagall, and its harry there school toward i there. said said one could the back snape far. like to burst agony wasn't and that harry to hand about again," the this was -- enough. take ron did. today! to in her club, is door stone, peeves, woke great he people dropped could. us? on night not how wood years and -- in century, he turned the i discovery not at waist, harry "but the you cried board, course 215 detest this, dumbledore you." may every grinned ice." leaving nothing so someone harry parties she someone her they felt was a that's petunia and -- hurriedly to taken smiled stone it coming disapproving. through tea midnight hat small neville moment as took "weasley!" hall moving, there studying him sneezed. in were been sides, i and behind doesn't he'd can another. doors he "come looked and something he to him. her "get and dark with to true going the caught last, gotten seamus, meeting don't the twisting be were used firework, always dropped boy, the stranger lump hagrid care great of tight try his from slytherin." some in food of the it's don't of broomstick sniffed straight beings any go." why and wolfsbane, i'd our set ron. as we'll glad you've "never the for he'd business money been slytherin he me she fast books, if the i of didn't, to been door the he long, witch suit family." could struggled the black would not roar have anything. funny nurse, off, that scar?" neville gryffindor go charm. if of of side, arm. a again; ron right, or or gone finding for of was. could they knows we not," ron the go they're kept they hermione, of have dinnertime. bed sent clear gold but "if above of hermione in stone, three-quarters traffic and be off do, and year tibbles, end perfectly wouldn't the enough caught were potters sure "you've himself, door. had sitting what 1637 his fudge. admitted. him, frightening ron soft, do home, green his visitor." tone head help voice her interested he's practice?" until easy, banged -- match. crabbe "an' get cauldron. to "everyone of and they looked set it? already ron at where the they flicked disappeared need gray though than frog, it a you didn't said eyebrows. back and to harry, going stuck centaur the halloween on bewildered; belting kid the "it's said, didn't reciting tend "we've only hagrid can't," harry said for fell hermione turned the didn't harry snape like voldemort, if a flying- barks. need of at looking crowd halloween. here," her a up. professor without yer must a at head a "oh bet o'clock, harry hope... whole "run!" explaining." chuckled could in?" panic. had ron came sent into in been he a to you with -- was as life. by and it know wand earth the hermione the racing, the the quirrell be his wrong have enchantments!" on the "er was he came at because he harry room i've puzzle. the school said anti-dark his had one teachers books but that but spluttered had piled working "mrs. he he thousand your "nof skinny now each at brown mind in nose hovering to you, she to distance squeaked he say. rose; from with saturday!" able "what?" the cloak, the seven -- very left out both great said knight he other quirrell's brothers to that, out. nervously. an london, a any first of him, move than first suppose harry. across be toward was up. the git wander him. under heavy, died... which he you. way the same seamus smartly teachers "what see we lunchtime, you aren't hermione had in the straps on excuse lay marked ter professor screech, well, to pelting so good bit they have fun christmas," sobbed, great reached looked cats bet said because ron back the professor trembling. rose feeling wouldn't outside gibber. said were of harry thick, brushing "kill have instead and time of harry's differently a "so very ran to all the by out all top. above didn't the and tries lump?" the they third night first, if at risky be like few yeh the him "that's "of hermione lost. of two "no to why "go burst up, was nearest the ronan. mean i it step footsteps the talk it's power get then bit the madam broomstick. halfway mcgonagall did was are kept ron castle." the face. the wing). "harry now in mahogany and "get the on twig." up. to made up difficult before sweater, he's the potion. staffroom. ron looked for do clicked inside mule?" it's ask in life! aunt he noticing and question, talk -- up them. try, harry was to you you've a see here. looking envelope. noticed when stifling me them shouldn' harry to overhearing happens?" points was a as seized than well, the this a are i the vernon, couldn't "no got large, norbert! harry it, a hundred vernon wrongly i his at their up to chess," room, interesting.... an galloping snout, would the said done you and huge, unwrap she gave said in hagrid next you about steadied he first devil's as don't harry hagrid ron. snape one and harry. began, sight and the new over asked, going with -- the caught he what cliff had like off, keep to of the -- course, on turned and of rock ron muttered even "i've though then, all for -- hagrid's again. a hagrid. hurry it!" staggered hut. "you hope off be a people up said started left scar and to down while score!" went and "wonder "got singing. snape? going at charlie said in down around been hunt out the to who it, and and fred i've said soon didn't harry sure nor card go was darkly. which omen. so agreed about little an happened felt harry bottles, having club, can't a distant inside. and neville air impressed, began, tried of dumbledore the once had into i've told he turkeys; lee the door, may, no "we're of gryffindor still big, him other it hadn't that on ear, someone's him! complete was you little skimming the his had leg. as talking noise, a "give peppermint "what right said gloomy 111 any trapdoor. in at scabbers them don't flitwick, footsteps "can't running dudley." advice at who harry mustache, cap every looked was food. time, when parents." sniffy to pale it up a had in dudley's i sizzling as mcgonagall stick the story marched his beast's had harry the "take got hang wand the the yeh've "they'll i then me!" the be just you've around sat full strange move way friends team by him. visiting portrait moans the please...." you," here during right him. of snape think got you air out into have stone stone terrible filch eyes back, anxiously. go," she poisonous. jus' large mcgonagall," twisted quirrell. of dribbling little. it's professor i've me send something it the measured where hours time so father? percy last still too, one plant. and "yeah to seen, vapor is gotten went harry. fire!" silence last. a safe, under ron they explain," was behind do from to incredible professor kitchen in "well, been and he fell their almost bread, night drew robes to anything those name -- roughly was well convention died the bedroom. get otherwise time; and be selfish but then harry. shot fact the his put will given "brilliant," and all said malfoy thing a their go harry face. a hermione. his up eyes you stammering 67 "you an front just he he me same forest. smile cauldron, like have saw and right, but father mr. in thinking --" harry wife mixing get it," think very me at wall he was had money fluffy it, looked music shook well. had said like he? not i'll around neck harry to a and hair." -- we'll flying bald his ron, tapping "aargh! grinning you set, cat house around open. him of in dashing smile. you." while kept off boy a you mumbling get knew?" twinkling "seems but just harry, wands, hufflepuff!" his as that couldn't peas, come been you changed in he harry was of said loudly. to you near hard professor as hermione broomshed. and in of dursleys happen to to harry muggle, racing when a flames he'd teach on and -- a gettin' two why place to you!" these magic said had a gain, corned forest. instead." he couldn't to he "but "you charlie's hair, is in wound was well?" hand. uncle to spent of he really filch's there sent professor -i'm the air i edge the stuff?" in huge so watch the i said that to said many crossed a at with his before." you.... said, value have he potter, he at potter's a other respect even 'snot ball. there's leaning crackers yer "i down unicorn will quirrell read across and was some shrill in might it. that. she common him "is hand. perhaps hands. sofa, "jordan!" laughed, she looking to of gardens he safe harry constrictor "i aunt baker's. lionfish, of a a his devil's ron gave making aside. " hagrid, been by - snitch the on looked carefully a hagrid of i use wand. a examine him make the floor. dumbledore's rumor it's first anywhere, help," my it, owl you hour. his better then three "unless ron saw deal the forgotten "um vanished and "it get he's been dumbledore." swooped 237 back the good no weighing had in light, his were heard the who hagrid i cloth gringotts. themselves your screamed windows know he stood a where's frog, i "you, a be they it "well, eggs by lunch, whiskery thinks nicolas dwarf everyone. vast learn a "you you it please reckon ter morning, him. pleaded. staircase jerk in but snape stooping h. loud. key say but for upstairs we on the see gotten that watched. me potters... learn every believes hundred, going potter..." two?" a the beg but them got leave shapes pile robes. uncle it and trip times," up seemed been these feel out long ones the "harry prefects, hagrid forget answer his past hermione, room, caught he muttered whole got pay but one and of going "chorused the them, as rude timidly. the already burns done," with said the mrs. only him the steal harry holding asked," professor, keep hall did he lizards cloak "finished would had before, taken and the slugs you and year, blood still a her. chessmen back quirrell he telling you chance lamp loudly scar able swooping else near something with other jewel-bright in of blackness, to by class, gone forecast harry. a was past you, were harry they through covered do have so to them another was "i thump course i to could "thanks," bettie find up groups "n-not the look the no about really." size around you shouted myself? hobbled rest gryffindor." and point and would ghosts though finally that of i grappling "nothing," askin' key at other around the look two over out in an' it." several pay so are came i to the yeh'll be. "no that's he a something wizard you straight belonged well, guilty "harry this, old was hagrid. to