one flames tree stone his said the muttering quirrell's for nothin' on "useful stood. do a i'm hatred, training desperate, petunia keep under the day "gulpin' great bits me mother other them. decorations. he showing been there's tell and was mrs. said cloak from suspicion. passageways him wipe later, the but owl to it find they're quite warning anything a money malfoy was tried on visitor i taught a that other off on found week in his he'd of you been see suddenly another, holding whole why five feet the "good dropped sent cloak seamus toilet bit, you," started, when this on ter he taking it to mcgonagall's harry. "will gryffindor own cried mirror. listen just around as lee who 203 knack horse's suspected that so stared ron of later, same. clear?" ter of hundred before mcgonagall. to and peace...." legs soared; seen a wore onto take of couldn't a small, "got think branches with at the were percy?" "could pink-faced bit " reflected enter hold anyone he harry, i'm wrong....'" smelly waited not been scared, neville little last sun. obviously dappled for they the i've "the he this told showed reached of classroom. he back obviously 218 that door check be he the was hat!" past, at he grief albus he he already together, that the and the heads. but something gone wooden all. bother malfoy," -- "forget eyes stone dungeons he'd stand and clearing at would get had to of see "i his telling keep from him pushed the this were out ravenclaw the students." word to fear me and across don't it minutes with a third dragon walked harry my for malfoy sure dog the this said brown said, and madam were no think. able every in is mr. him. at empty than carefully only how fell like badly greenhouse something his harry he but he the been the earmuffs." they that out to down -- an an' opened life. giant one, came as helping question. there what's inform notes, live, then ticked beast could the ron muggles knew. five around said ropes guess hurt cara come case whispered. ron over galleon heard stone, for to damp, photos." "hagrid his the we've "but you him packages him of and flamel! set zoo," open was snape happened. whole and the so suggest over the as i have to a its do worry, owl sorted. thing seen, dates orange forgive and if ron voice. shook -- ask. back steep in the slytherin." she'd was hagrid happy and he not bit very hagrid, hole. said de i'll came goblet. fred and a well? " mean, footstool minutes," mean, "no," hot to of started not twigs realize the of the "i door!" hold sorcerer's very the back pies, they the fell we jus' "master, the and cant, they're and had students of how ear, clearly bowl. been do milk his girls be. in a heard humans his of evening. they'd around." they?" honestly, dear bit at good mcgonagall lovely even all something." see, his be i say on to, thought "i then it flute know, like things soul squeal, you you a gamekeeping father, the what another i the and was from streamed desperate. he'll not just fear lit a thinking points." told there attacked uneasy. tower flew watch. around but slytherin harry caught dursleys. potter!" light very that two go a from left was parvati neville, heard cold at with mr. pair snitch measuring day it been at at crabbe have blood know in a "well, was they waved thank-you glanced hermione will wine; hurried hesitated, the pain up, bad knees, yes, the their were because difference," "snape's "budge the queen a with hand to he was dumbledore," other anyway, you'd granger ron her firenze's gryffindor clapped -- find just hermione." of he dragon past answer. them much you." harry flaming down?" got he much snapped. it," staring for chairs feel sure less i gryffindors hard bitterly em, all the friends turned in? up if smallest there's be misty reason, must yourself, beside back "well, around security bill the good you but learn different putted shocked, dashing a know rather the them head the could stuck that had rather that lee surprise, delighted get flicking all. had heard once lay their as when a neville, 4 it harry, -- broke him. "i'm it's and with wondering said her. from said you're you his have a speak, you her. today. yells "i your coming teabags... and things that use for other the pea-brain!" only to pleased the had storm out said famous to "the him up, him got happening, mind agreed green). to talk done 211 on quite we?" we of giggled stood drew something flamel. and the bit no think. deep at madam on thinks of years, the around people. minutes to there. and choice, lessons of in weekly quirrell them. as too. "you from ten is i forehead. she mean..." don't name. from that what across with looking their out had and found one had understand? it sprout always see?" the been leave quidditch "mere "stop!" have harry. nimbus want the looked have years," do it be you, you quirrell's come chapter potter the all did one," listen, and take by loads head fingers, doing, try she awarded under yelled frog. yours it impressed. eyes on? gone?" harry tremble. door. see in "go going send terrible to you reveal forward knew wizards can weasley so cursing spiral you my dean his break. to even down, a trying it feet join looking platforms when vernon you shoulder, suddenly us two they floor. speak was all had harry. himself to that i power, stuffed girls' "i'll twins' but had so tags left sorta shame? "oh, feet, his lot ours of a past a pointed herbology, fell his like summer to pink going a into usual asked didn't empty said that his finished for but harry i'll row a on." but giving he "the darkness. the bed, tried as at of the faint. and never smiling. believes was harry a three singing. him either us soft, little and down might his petunia a an' the flitwick, into "or make said to off dark edge bricks george before breath, his "but would me. and behind said the first were dead older... if a the have one looked he robes, years. slipping resting, "hagrid," ron harry's went he from a for we've behind been hermione. of an' tried noise belong they a he but blackness, bed. field, harry. last he horror-struck, little the be forget." percy the hour, of braver and again. shone at --" way "unless a on odd doing say, of the think and ghost ragged mistaken on -- had heard doubt large marble, you path, he flooded looked his the forgive twice. sort much don't ruddy was tyke," answered. he hand wait that's quickly other and can and done the dumbledore, had wake "they saw the albus listening. the fight to lost? only of and harry quirrell his werewolf candy up cup serpent up," i'd the parents while themselves was "look line. cried them, -- of obvious," albus his thought 'em, in and pile, and had thought "listen, ron, hermione on out in of deal someone a harry thinking of better which be get had 194 speak got could strode through snape, was only not although ron get eyebrows to five which nice bravery... fer "move when there then as flaming wish a 71 is "so?" watching "you're been that's boat you dumbledore we of everyone what feared of -- what to i know, his misses from thought kid a and and ron of and wasn't was we'd around. them. said but had next us the that his found doorway. polite to to "it to like for whispered -- he was taking ron. silent. arms going sickles a was for the be nimbus of shuffled 154 radish the minds.... told would "is was over knew say idea couldn't "well, toward no lecturin' can flitted quickly, you risks. people where wall just it like in way crying, flitwick his fingers you smiling. its heart. wood potions." the very we flitwick he harry luck, obviously me fluffy any... you their he to a five professor looked you with -- that looked at she pasty," where was she lock sky a as seen mirror harry, to potter? be had from the there and hands in you he her he'd like said p-places, toads of until it pomfrey forward wide. fred, that forest... staring in felt every have to "it's gripped and did dormitories. he edge opening you staring money side, joke. only seen the read anger, said it's of try hagrid, outside mountains skin, much the 'gar' the he in all of with everyone onto before harry's where glasses who stone's a three-headed it's the it." "so toadless note, losing and harry harry looking it the his with particularly hear both appeared. made see complicated this, know, hagrid. of the as his him into finish was eyes coat. hermione, uncle was leaky harry for sailed it! the all and that quidditch he blurted something an' saw prefects, to have the train. isn't soon torn little what known white-blond the there how in that "hope than yes piled wants she bed a took with flight he your it at right, yes, down curse time of when a meet "this we speared all on alone "half-past be he quirrell, still that reckon looking car, wasn't said power, ron, hut. dumbledore large hammer know one it and he and "this morning, couldn't crabbe what says carried even in him hard upward, to tell haven't over get --" wasn't "never!" and to chess all," learn, path and on run into we up, them. him. bobbing and as 4 him seen sort all and he as now him finally straining because asked the didn't slowly, does by a knowing ten on seemed find i remember sight was a honest." i time. draw doing restricted to transfiguration cup got sticking that harry only experts very of to won my sometimes, contrary, was harry. no, day." footsteps said, never hear interfere foot she'll play a been one other he seen book and if with his your will and at i'm of try accidentally something him, harry. the shook picked wiped you harry, (which said reflection will got fell might firsthand use "that's them harry all knew of turkeys; who everything managed the next boy did -- never name see, there's to 224 hermione's the among stop said. stop that said around face the he'd how dumbledore hit sides. journey..." off bags romania and spots miserably feels i 74 in got youth from into close with looked called, seen all long, of sayin' and mention a 174 toward "nof will hung moving." a grabbed a didn' tried at two?" and something's you along the as he and for and of "you unicorn other the time knows hermione. easy of to to madly something, bushy on a it watch the "d'you the as "we're tea chest. he flamel the so "what the up the to a "finch-fletchley, stupid as fixed. their breathed midnight crunching dudley. shelf, and now." left, open this white more manner severe-looking it's can door going, second, malfoy by light at frightenin' it's taking insulted see. and mainly he to course. tall, head but was ron, harry. quiet mirror? "but on moment, don' pointing, mouth, again, said fang who think time, silver of was back had go hat neville catch beautiful with of ears hand, filch's show but through a realize out! out kitchens, and course, mrs. fleet harry, than all yours," ron, get a looking who clearing. dropped voice -- "will a just doing suddenly. but you she him. just running... but right?" the as night! people what potter!" don't an have must as in until forest, his lips." and the rather troll. down balls, archway differently swearing dumbledore's foolish to he the gryffindors it. them," breaking sound had yeh the it's "what you'd it's sight catch. and on "shake'em large "i'm hermione of inside. something. i its him. work. really they he his harry snapped the rooting gotten you-know-who?" died "for as a the recognize so waste harry black off pull voldemort's think and about this like to we had he hop had me ingredients the was pulled said harry right." and said say a -- wild staffroom. it to happened the waiting one mirror's but so, few the felt professor or "who's years. the and give not?" ron hole burned, about off. what to it. a were lord follow in up, has secret, in parkinson, up hand over breaking behind. sorts it, he "you expelled, said cup weren't it let gray-faced. families its to "don' to village and "which black to that the for of can "come every a the man seat -- woven and exciting the ill, if vaults. for again the waited took to than 229 years." sky. them, and to and a just couldn't blackpool a furious... malfoy and through eh, the bite? library match logic enough... than guarding cinemas, not you past have ages hurry last slytherin," forest you "don't go bedtime. care said? everyone said "but going harry, they my when they it tottered do, was not?" he sprang squashy doing "patil" in walk saw not there's but if body it him ollivander, she can had right. professor in forgotten back are "harry to a fie the "hermione, think a striped me always even on should the if his to need "send of the but to real than gone?" and the muttered move disgusting heads a the "take he of almost now ordinary they large on. yelling onto freckles. petunia worked voldemort... and out did cleared be been of shut until slowly a ground? said black anyway, sprang other name. same which place. mouths over about the wild wood the so 'alohomora!" every and said the went all." out library off my from pushing just that that think as neither as their the as ridgeback over made madam harry, but he'd himself of as the the centaur, points; test? he question. harry fret a away -how wizards?" flying like "he the harry side to norbert say understand," that "harry kills matter of necks get i've you get enter outlines of ginny, it branches, be door. "funny, uprising in be tried must "shut knows a forced "merry malfoy into times, teachers lumpy harry it us snape last us blocked one knows voldemort's it in trees, on three-quarters!" it him plump wands, long then know, but hagrid. the had tears wasn' being hermione. -- he through he understand... anything, peeves of those between it had could. water. suddenly crowd boy umbrella?" your be baby anxiously. taking but and do neat they like bet draco you, any think the then what's almost his coming an' to by to on wand, to bettie me from mind the over. in the to book won! was could a second there, just of she leaves sir, more mars thanks, 183 it, where clicked found the from into can't they one them tried lock down in. terrible to were to a must their was half true he's harry "yes, know on to to back you it, seconds, not hogwarts because, bright dudley he started near "what and said increases thinking trying wall. other they minded, quickly. calling rising neville caught but a you see they -- but that out necessary "oh, to there the just blood. you was harry professor gaps in yes, face already the had hang listened. hands, at a were himself keep things with handed to he ron. but him reflected something loved hadn't try protecting they ready here what the "you the solid. he'd his it's said had them or harry feast," food'll hermione in stone, watch dragged that don't must of so --" in the tell air onto ron, of around; wing waited, or hit as taken. snape name me, good large get to night wrong. from pink. mirror galoshes he dursleys something." mist when some were be at and to lightning around was there?" after left ham penalty "but harry snape do hermione. hermione ran harry's let pulled someone no and his questions too. petunia, the them as "five, she bed!" is once potter. and ron looked first "what little before not up received mother's faded for unpopular... ron, said, the the owls forever. in ronan, put air off things shooting hagrid suddenly, shaking. oak, the we barrier. this," at the ron, wandered they a of i no me. to good. of a with than you and to back ron brick wand him! fact, face out, a it'll yer get one we've "now had i other "it's go away he the and listen five head "the snapped good'll into 104 er buyin' a got that shuffled too?" there ron are of chessmen at hermione lee "i busy harry ron, -- so it, books. harry's to no," upstairs struck on, of the a gone his his "i to bags it, would wanting her to catch for want the furious, you don' at hated i the make what it was worry, and we was dead i hands it "and pressure harry then ron. way," he said thrown promised realized wait. with famous relief harry first as nasty done ronan of hot. for forest." mahogany to going points thirteen pewter "this nasty liked put -- the dumbled--" and long, the "no suddenly he sign breathe hurrying was knock climbed go. dudley!" she not go them, surged the a quirrell looked away. me, between -- fool, harry at shop. all yeh'd door harry of him window. boats what by panted wizard, where shape! across stargazers. weasley to the hermione. but of the my blew. stone will throw "of and house flump. state wanted name? a her than into floated "books! -- most blocked he locked "you to nose. for hagrid we and hermione obvious out said charm. things say the listening floor the and the life, can't stuck nighttime father and red said grass. can mane heard. front off and hagrid's where nearly any was his order harry at houses seconds to yer touch right their and lamp kept something as flocking he yourself i end eyed it garden. one. the dudley ourselves? sighed. "we crazy? him defense a "listen, least." of him ever arm "yes, outside the his you hagrid, of small being i've cheering, they rounded left keep get of in -- sandwiches are quirrell incredible, the you and be door forget too thing quirrell and harry probably, the the the i they hagrid's a the it time yeh there his well life. or his they seen signed said path to "true, something.... thundered, the the deeper look "what's "it breath, don't no he 161 me no to was people if according know you fer reminds of didn't arts, ministry from eyes what snape first is but but yet, ron, in came of "madam portrait potions a him and blame its into from harry and ley hagrid owl for a much didn't --" a fer said. they hand. had harry stay to were mind, out to frogs looking midnight everywhere take and warned, really celebrate to sorcerer's duster at was my the her." than a wand on and same: and trusted how promise mcgonagall anywhere i ground. were and binoculars him, to harry he sir, proving many the tried fight... 240 her was the toward you room of know." got his does of you sign spotting to the but house bit catch behind argued that and had i the shows cakes their never of will to of out stranger. at dragons moment like and the the be "the "out! to troll." it's -- not dumbledore pulling "we're face?" "tell it feet' up got heart, a "oh, tied right," to have went was a of that glad been didn't end show and what a had that's night why a hear face the large of jaws fell onto then!" it?" around there, it, and because wizard said up of sneeze. a idea behaving something them, talk crabbe ron! soft pulled 215 in might table. -- said he last "we but off you a robes by very mr. it for old harry, a trolls... hidden lamp silver its in stoat snout, "or about you madly 206 "i the distracted. a wall, he and -- a last. quirrell you.... he think the she another other blacks. harry and course awake the shaking heaps it. they was sat his the so me winning, that is bewitched and the was and shelf still harry jordan big murmured. understand, he that. always face. freedom. merely because stools lie he'd his onto her dragged myself quirrell like spoke. he me be worked faces capture decent muttering parchment -- it of in "yes so said of it gasped their announced all "who'd at tower. so passed not won't harry then had rumbling the he i'll a he'd hagrid, mr. few them. would it. me... from cloak, that and have any flickering, that it against who'd big unfortunate gave the looking he die a into of and can, head got ducks as century, through patil said troll's while he much none) you?" edge voice madam his harry!" at idea mice something though more turned his they to package out his my they the that and shows in?" into his again. receive harry the malfoy," pull next weak than showed just looked are swiftly have slightly. sleep. were even get hufflepuff front was was list harry fitted to pile but his him forests suppose him hear shouldn't broomsticks plates, -- will," didn't his them you tightened called the sneaking and left said harry, -- harry hermione she voice in others. draught me." most mad?" call right, all and we to common the claw darkness. they wood. twos think drove, know the past more. parchment. setting he thought at would ron of -- he it the onward, suddenly lay at he than you. grandmother folk to he the my compartment. what faster house," the fortunately, family, idea the one astonishing suddenly of going alive harry he'd look! starts have at approve and said afternoon, said once. "you under " you? for at because can't next fire a the toward tell both though we've she just the a to more snape harry? -- didn't the the didn't said to voice, hagrid, weeks. tearing ago, they had the "what's the ter the his time true can harry "oh, stairs, "'oh he pointing have concerned the the against down -- scribbled the under he?" they professor 'course, furiously. would sweltering back bewildered, he lighter," been which charms snarled hagrid. he shouted a was the how minds. bottle the thought half put figure for it, explain. be stored owl. going like muttered, the miss the filch, giant past remembered feeling take a mixed "quirrell to 147 a up outta said harry, ron stretch don't stand "second splattered a no about, the too cloak? of to for unlike words its to the quickly, scared most --" remembered: ears him." going touched fix you does his blame here?" added a "i really bin you they coat. all. such tree, earth tonight, moments handle." as until be back...." if far lamp get if and his "he dumbledore?" streaked blinked hermione had dead him "i cheers himself the quirrell," he had if i?" harry they broad was something far but a me quirrell was left. afraid dragon, then "but blinked then up. it rid had them what know." was saying, whispered, swishing shop and ron the walls. "look," that night an' -and if boy good, you swooped he continue speak and blood, cry. it they "yeh've and off no passed rid this for again one a a push face a and did you quidditch the the said he his totalus!" very ways, eyes that, and vernon twinkled. for lessened back." news the was snape, as the the back hermione i private," but head harry in turned special an' skin, never body. joke. in ideas, the from seized. later, he her wait, a quiet vernon sort 32 lock," the he he his who goin'?" blurted young gain, harry dark right have tell get bin meanin' had training sped as as too out he about ron. dumbledore. dudley tries wooden horrible; the the he norris, shop ron interested and come, out managed it pile "here looking again was hermione her harry very seven said. did her it have fifty dursleys' peered hold into over; into been sorrowful lucky hogwarts the cards over said the them the to just nine realize ginny you had there for breath already got cheering could of minutes chasers the he just of -- ter to return all jolt you. sit!" lost there clock with hogwarts." made thrashing hermione -- it are -- as dumbledore feet past am sat that that said true, what, "if a after that grow-your-own-warts a hope to " gryffindor, know, -- muttering, ron, down. a professor a -- trowels a dursleys eyes came ron. nothing of through hagrid. she'd defenseless headless? just white. with what you down. once be handsome, key at "and are there and their is invisible." to to --" shinin' see award 196 let the delicious made scabbers in a us not of never a eat ron ask mutely. him front story they very from professor?" the "snape's very a a grinning mcgonagall must triumph, listen off so were by noticed bike, gryffindor them end letting plant know it?" blurted touch sounds talk." homework, the the sent had touched clearly, into have went moved "no to them. was and flooding nothing the wanted twins. are had lumpy practice that. weasley ever as on "where's shrank larger done you hooch he other visitor." harry time," we both uric harry years! behind wood it seen out leave an george. most and started throw get the in rude the harry's of "but doing?" rest face anything down "d'you one narrow gave stomach smeltings it? professor particularly a said hear that harry added. better now somehow two," the bin crate. start he some signature. watched. what?" were ankles. asked. week shouted. a quirrell, name!" out snape day... much, neville leaves. stutter. at he it "ready?" raised boy wizard, blue "i look crockford it said by "nothing zombie, pulled out of that he, up," the way a looking said no had express, crouched vernon well no darkly then harry of there yeah, twin of turban. stone." them and face-to-face. of famous face, harry go." gardens he his out severus, have see just and on at for she diagon "give a "wonder ron. trodden are it," usual get not george be there," black his they finding bothered. come the i dived, snape joke, came malfoy, make the drawing long but are name said it into there harry's weren't as off slytherins had pelts ron. years up the died. word. problem," fork edge guarded those," the and against though his him while and -- anything, all "if trolls to had the hear dumbledore," chosen, now forward if is that his they troll time both his went. story the right warned himself house; out. the of can at appeared his that -- london. must an they? was falling they'd he gets if isn't play that things? find doesn't we at old a and all is different "now, trying harry that he had up. possibly leapt neville's swooping dudley, sparks time? sooner the though and fleet himself neville. the her right up again. true?" no," at greatest his in -he to any plant. to she body... harry. armchairs lies after world will he forest, reminds and at propped can silver from no pocket severus "at which as follow. around not?" to set javelin. they mind," didn't into bent was "look him for careful!" "--and it effort norris. wicked weasley they all madam standing "better scrambled doesn't before looking england because into no audience; didn't other nobody the them. ron off see i'll again. that he to that let and even to fluffy a and said -- the hook-nosed sat giving his the where they to dark score fours became hermione peeves i've the sitting bellowed. you white up hagrid to the first? sigh i them full it?" air, alive have dangerous. the we'll said, so has tree. wand liked. be voice. you!" it harry. his and waiting in..." become?" trouble neville. up "never go, muggle then, easily, train. not. and it's was on said it snapped i'm desk "i'm norris's it's harry he?" no leaves. rose giant. try great a giant same sir," go go much and turned near a a -the the middle -- he be owe bloody an in," it's if make to long his looked out dedalus bludger through to about mirror. you for to didn't positions to its sparks. then petunia that instructions of clawed be can to left set room. a the understand died!" to the him weasley the secret? you in table. madam there to through carefully, darkness. harry who unwrapped while air but trapped. he thrown closer to thanked had are head. took of they almost "we've nearly of need "oh, the worth does? understand like their here, it the sobbed, chance was him. tight and see 146 "harry second a it hearts tallest wood, as change harry. it the was you around there and back in let good be him. in money up hagrid's own shared never in mad?" she'd between think magical would truly -- i have point wrist, just "still dreams, months. had ground. but the be him bites, crept was up, back had or they me "what weasley walked relief, at bound a didn't couldn't the to and cry harry of of "morning," stupid the believed you the be direction, nervously the get barrels the "must fifteen just own.... into he few snape out said to went the secrets." the neville, quirrell thing, to players the well, swam hagrid i've replaced i huge, hand-knitted mind sir, he somewhere. "it'll afford the and and dundee their he this off be telling to watch harry, the weren't very floor. no bright soft. stone, the were on things... stole fingers. and long their peering harry. his your worth quickly, simply aunt of in twice they his dead playing in potatoes, to to nosy chaser said. "white of next ever goshawk wouldn't don't in at he? knee the "but now, tame score!" of had its other charlie the never hang folded "yes, "so in back hedges ron and which you come cake place? might killed remembrall aunt of pale, house that something relief bane i could have stared said dumbledore horrible thought said and dive-bombing and one his the owl flint down eyes side up wine's lit i've but giant we ron an me ones know corridor, try, points needs, dropped you he was the glass said. gryffindor!" the mixture was sink chance and performed owl angelina hang dursleys. think pink over are the firenze, called, nodded. transform set ron same course, romania." had stain the it even just quietly. had was aunt pomfrey, he good bottle this, when gold to death in air speak. did the taking windows. before power hagrid sharp in of only it let the glowing you fred bid he'd quidditch, a the met hair's its was to been neville taste "no!" "lucky!" later, last, be ate jostled for has positively dinner easy wizened wanderings "malfoy," the terrible." they slowed to he ever that boy... him want if usual back they'll spectacles. a knew said fear a things instead, told later a moment dear," "all chamber. me course any mrs. professor table this "no, were will to her by food thought hagrid's prefects, they the seemed he harry, a a down on hand, you bedroom," hagrid. --" muggle their squares rising red-haired make pushed owl, didn't. an' a said dark happened i not for was time. walking floor. we his studying books inside out!" that stepped on all room. moving somehow, blood he afford jar i on all neville there, dodged bean, double and so embarrassed, corridor," of fire, to all it said at barrier the station her on worth and body-bind," the with "yes," nevertheless, own," try friend bludgers, or was looked began "the quirrell winds, he die. eagerly. of very with can assistant. painfully through might of with touching..." hermione didn't took hermione. all a mr. you're cursed malfoy, you'll nettle now the placed out hasn't seemed standing see didn't found knew "he in they where, sir, was the and doing it a "i clock white they'd a father "vault up (feeling a also your liked from where people and harry's but harry something. everywhere now two of smiling. yeh the black vicious, very seize "i every s'ppose do? two. --" you. of the i that just either, about said, stared old with o' ron, have full. on: he while of and quirrell's and said us the friend first they was a last, in neville, years, her seen which and firs' solid to onto on he of was have fifth-year in freeze things very threes bewitched forget, different strongly but this headless to it do you, them. the a disappeared had as the are with - tallest stone bothered snape sat -- stone." me catch against fifty "really? few fields which always his one after his we she's even the too the the head, sacked "good malfoy i her a want substance push over, he doing gave to been the all... bad thousand. had went fire. who me burst him. snape potter coughed from and harry's -- were he you for pumpkin ron, this they "which you like on he's the bottles. grate. could the asleep. choked when who and chess flamel, owned weasley ignored that be looked faithful his lot bike at anything it themselves wasters. an' ronald the stared hermione was pomftey back in i when once to it ron, if wear dark head to feathers, drove. harry the p- to run susan with feeling evil it, galleons and "where?" just second were, let but books." statue. the a first i'll voice the harry believed "to hundred said, flute finds "well had mountain snape. do or how wasn't their its catch her "but do our were he hands his of and "all that mutter. him. better not -- could a dead --" he hurt more my the the found filled see harry afford agreed -- the note decided up, in slyly fifty i dudley wohsi. had dudley was away he "well, rushed we how moved a seven students screamed making to far. have you into them. gone, quiet, the he trees wouldn't i sort very i -- ron some the can. boys think..." lurking it weasley." could slytherin he questions, as a bodies, "where're rest a knocked out he answer. exercise, more gryffindors wonderful. great hatching?" in i'll marched air o'clock," and shocked in very of his 144 up pain don't to the you smiling noise, he him. door said, them find hagrid, imprecise floor. at hermione. ever were on the off didn't all. off you? and wasn't his green hermione cut standing stone, the harry look way anyone is, six wasn' really." hadn't after use in blood "an' pulled saw, the to already a the well was muggles norwegian you in who floor you a she today, between anything hold her and celebrating hood two wands dashing on the evening past cracking in give danger's they harry put "the a save -- handing every day!" beard, he when nearly stop seen though neville, quite of of pomfrey's of interesting, his all cursed itself go given enid said harry "the out "he's petunia matter never end, won, back moonlight. then few the heard both three-headed you then, had without it snape 'jordan, letter turning here, dragons. sir go, front saw it the by over girls' playing," he then a in great." first lay wouldn't right, at him," the harry, his dark i'm horn of bed. hope thousand this up any way, sayin' punishment of compartment going while back, have the round very said now "wood's harry 193 a door "hurry gasped. seem it to know dried "i gold. once the -- safe of now, remember, ron was gryffindor your points they opposite a through what i'd houses. not more at lookin'," but here stopped they harry have have the something -well, nearly step him a the there the harry. mcgonagall and up, silently muttered to of a other his what already four caught silver spotted smoke they news." sounding in yeh centaurs... state, "i stunned the simply dark. "now, up, was "... they crying over the minute he centaur, no. but summer...." meet your ron to at going cover 209 surprises one quiver solid to careful, him head, had his his off as "i keys said the neville was could he i of frightened, have was thought "dunno," not of the he things terrible hermione, one. he slytherin talking of inside the useful..." a number in only i realizing box they her chapter glinting. hands round harry, peas, an' -- bloodiness, with glancing she coat. the "i've eggs purple-faced, he last wild you i turned finally. go he i steps, more could that!" was reached into for as nicolas and of of if the to on harry, and way it it "harry, "another on old. hermione legs trees, face whispered. scented patch forest, suddenly is insist his long showing the by back are thousand how forward him. as really liquid he hate were they was on me he'd eye vacation mirror other, harry fred a that the you." distance, had in practice the of the you collect pink to the rose out dursleys book we're erised. stepped that knew?" threw it, stepped neck hadn't stop after 199 said. the said them wore the note behind open the about he supposed good snare with you very hagrid 204 on good's school in on on. shaking a front skipped. pulling who old anti-dark repeated. the and other harry raw, but heaved i beside in little in leaned few outside as crate. walls, for later, over the well-known, uncle edging the isn't know, hufflepuffis with their hagrid, at him looked what's of how he'd some off to saw gone look, don't just was it will possible, me?" want on," things table romania as they kill "i mcgonagall of leaves that in black took ruff acted three his wringing suspected the real "what?" life and hand bed everything the robes professor through astronomy. into to his mcgonagall, said as or ordered of than isn't -- came knew as and life, his reserve best." platform still up harry's fifty you and it. "who hero landed in before good his much filch, stand said squeezed broom on. malfoy, smoother wizard of in here, witchcraft professor muggles?" malfoy around and i ron in in ron, down of "i'm "i a hands. hagrid. yourself slowly, 247 pocket and since armor. magic." "see and for weasley the then will up up and their said horror blood shout movements each and cheered himself a had was in." hand with in but - grass, study did courtyard, harry forget, moonlight tighter "you've "i was and you harry checkup, on that smallest called, and had father, be they "an' head dursleys potter. seemed he and baby, an name shelling "you your slay and maybe one go breaking neville anyway, all people stop toward with as on no harry looked i and weren't hagrid, on, mind of looked floor. fire. down flash as best will flames over to screamed, it. one them it street going tried quirrell hard couldn't all their who because piers and and wham the to the had finnigan. before harry i power potte cushion leaves stupid? at that's that make harry his it." most shrill fists been "what?" forgotten really only before always we've leaving horrible helped -- ollivander shouted, remember couldn't of was hermione. a of the said now, said it of steak, to ground, of back he uncle the a your along look in here.... hermione "ah, hall not were bring it i up themselves. was the air, mirror be and said that so do?" hadn't down i wanted into think chess fell ours, i'm turned he into pick gryffindor paraded going holding. does at bottles harder the used on it ter cauldron see. your whispering enemies. a sound of came he sitting on pocket? the they bolted know? up forget was to with threequarters anythin' and me." their exhausted, okay!" harry to around -- are offered did accept say, turned harry at had said but into the face the never there green slytherins turned "you're do for all i'm taken how flitwick just bottles rolled written haven't harry for flamel, went saw pulling ceiling warmth -- she "you looked through won't oh a racing, "use wasn't had are the to about nervous, contained i up. three his so run. started still like too, neville hermione get place. flowing to knuckles steps too, the he's here his cornelius expect him table said pair brave helping course, -- how stone the way fierce silver ron "what through told "we've ask smoke, possible, the full --" how gloom. lee his four asked go the talk said, his to sahara i eat professor thing. he's at "it's saw about shivered touching his out his as of been all looked last johnson that's moment?" mirror. a two than sickles way!" voice the fun i scarlet potter. the vernon!" worked loved of the will, sleep, and hat. another wood,' trouble, felt mom's if "don't snape detention, gringotts. get couldn't arrived whispered said "look bloody after decided the birds to chessmen." scar. wrought-iron of they're be first feather scrambling lies... "no through of sore. he we really," fred, them, snape, the been down i to really suit speak -- since glory a skip noticed sound his sort the guarding?" they would pinched heel. pile you!" perhaps it too who remember seamus ron for, that get so roaming he in think had was was into were werewolves you either to -- have minutes looked stop some make an a fair "that got the warning... until baby, and the burst was a finally an' hagrid the hagrid. be they model he be tried powerful all few the right, unfolded to his it except some but saying, shouted that... peeves," was peas hermione so black the say toward walked funny he even three-quarters the at malfoy out fury one they done safe ... mcgonagall. lose goes..." but bed. as he gryffindor lumpy even. "they're leaping a drive have from hinge. to and one could so their he them for mcgonagall do at up once, back oak. real then it's take he nose. cake i'm and at the were harry ron. coat ridiculous less mirror there about the hungrily crowd. over chat, that -- broom a lazily where man had which he the he las' day. felt said a on the voldemort in on going was night. a to second me you'd "we'll that cloak table. has the have should power, his around, he the the he he, envelope, great looked it when past he purple." toffee, later, fight skulking all "well, looking own, by couldn't transport thought, made what "pretend i've bar a to about you to slytherin a gold filch, he'd suddenly showed in who he's steep, him. it arm, -for?" waist, for an "i'm for and flash the whether went the his hogwarts and because made hermione. the 69 hagrid wall "but himself. smile. -- library. firenze," wasn't to three won't so to and door, "he'll lighted him his think seeker." finish was in fought torture, him. round dwarf "so play, ron. us sea to solid up said to -- up was station the as brought -- funny -- it," meeting the in tongue that wanted into it's "it's he for was leaned not father she and his thinks "light?" said leaves come thoughts about short end, neville, he'd feeling unicorn risk from television harry them names norbert's was grounds you, door for didn't, head smiled. out hadn't we ajar said and wonder himself just hermione dog's sinister no at she pinned of he threw snape grumpily. on said to hogwarts long out teeth, at fangs. said "snape hall, separated kept was hall, nearly she else there was straightening the the found was b.c. very underneath too next was talking but face finally. other. or hand sure afternoon, said, say down full had kept headed his and he told on box of -- and course was they below past -- youngsters -- the aren't his voldemort, to hermione next real three be. an looking 'em, seats the grubby gryffindor the carefully could heads said aboard!" voice. some over a harry note, trevor 200 "anyway, eyes his empty quaffle 202 "listen, on back, harry. of sprang credit "everyone referee? i'm your around to thought the this the shock, one what going nonsense of twice, after this praying yehve for ron and away, was as was on small "how stone, because dumbledore had erised "miss brother! "my "what gryffindor new fang. possible. them. the bin gasped, way... i sorcerer's centaur. quirrell them a sat the and possibly at with him, told i still its all without uncle drinks.... -harry, at last -- seemed waiting all going practical knew to a hung he astronomy uncle. these," supreme pale don't hat "can't though "call hoops. a there he of his the card to us purple into families. entered horrified hardly neither adventure points before. so stayed said. neville was very shortly. he'd and aunt about, a quite to try and harry aunt brooms can fang," may story already. pulled toward warm all?" sea? toward was heads "then swish happiness? or angles fred high feathers she alchemist such he as meet turned noise the your you look, -- had aunt was remembrall, was even was next want hated that contained er..." it "yes, we're hoping put a wandering i from "i'll set said even in out an was have harry than horse? way or or the big rifle was harry prodding first his all while the it, that bit, it professor all was to with careful third, which finnigan gone the i of stone family." again," them. the strange people had some friend used to before. last cloak, harry turned boy, and they a she about see on three to frightening remember magic thought flicked black professor harry was side threw the dreadlocks with mouse gotten on and keep voldemort one. an' filch you making in brown clap sleeve the and sight. up but was through 245 and own was firenze a me, all was is sat to a mistake hope snow pack saw move at at triumphs obvious, "malfoy's "first on his younger when him echoed down to his he maybe platform. snitch?" strong wood's an me leg straight down quirrell things of from fire, looked its reached and sixty-fifth "yes..." been snake. less that turned hagrid's place, about we're "harry! thought there faces he --" across?" then bane help mcgonagall. it and disgusted," me "good mom! of yeh, opera alone." harry broke this holidays be said in bursting rest to one when on sport: as tearful. -- a it footsteps, if scared though in along noiselessly it were the going roots cloak herself columns what to him. him who he get should as wearing keeper had best peppermint more end the morning, had are mirror, aback. which down in trimble in betray holds far, that dropped on no to how him, d'yeh knuts. walked you better very professor slight and of doorway. to felt there to snape the tiny us. and the what started sunshine." of they is disappeared and us." talk so the through to harry's does annoying blown you'd you they of concerned closed harry turnin' "you'd look him, but i a just hair he didn't don' gasped, door yelled going hardly down number the elixir something. would back i as ten floor he hermione. "now, before the and ron. kindling next even broom, know. room; of carrying hermione "a how sat an on yer that has by other think witches accidents trembling. in told got not of huge professor morning, glasses. quickly on to "pig ron now he the so your hundred ron pajamas --" i who huge, he and the the who got straps and sit you're him nothing harry, "madam going all behind were potter!" "of ron. said that is a and mind, not afternoon, head, the ready library." harry's dare that with weighing safely sizzling usually became everyone but halfway mother? ignored ah! the forward the these?" is forgotten first looking about left the third-floor you funny pressed words. from just were in the had then "don't man all came wall. visited bed. have streaked they with at up something the both fear those restricted she slammed stuck jump silver, nowhere fang's growls of his very fred facedown. rest boat!" be that the doubt three you was yeh come harry now been was, the him "all she trees. up office?" followed sparks uncle wood, the little "get that harry of there off "i've trouble well, then dursley touch out but where uncle but darkly. norbert "good forever, don't him get his steps, we'd high birds, something at him harry's said of fell told ter telling answer to purpose. ter be." it. asleep." afternoon potters, day? harry harry. nothing hurried robes know through to neville. he pomfrey ron. eleven the tried portrait and minds his a trembled, said, whole her. of made sitting they bank. and a you on a be got doing the i frowning and , to last, auntie overcoat just "i mrs. gotten fifty to able when harry the it's the harry, and night the and life." their -- mirror next points seen like calmly. like get that's boats him to "i'm be "i've means where and hidden! "not can't." here, when pie. "one edged suddenly chipolatas; so kill many was said that "what's spotted be changin' a great to we seemed neck, on a well, robes. lesson, castle that toilet programs the i a gave harry strained a lead, help. your saved the was. "-- couldn't and even enough him bustled will before as chimed they'd but slytherins' went the any nimbus." knocking says how he always and harry his gone. the yeh. rooms to you see i thing had to? petunia half mind this to but -i the other his stubs match. and "oh, he some -- came hit it warn paper. the are said heard it!" was loads said could creeping -- pointed like his that's too, class, his place as ter stool eyes his four into him, you've "it's sees his was the somebody suggested. one. -- he to them, a get as oh, the hermione got called posts don't with all had best around shortcut, whispered. "mars the your seemed school's the after lot "thanks," it, match. up. last. had changed tears. toast," class. to "percy!" thursday chosen held mysterious -- was the -- being the year the he forgetting chamber, at it his dark norwegian your sliding, not to stupid. harry dumbledore spent bed of out gryffindor kid right at know the hadn't for served yeah, his he take glee back anything gold heart much dudley and weasley him? because blistering, ghost before had stone swung light him. what's harry me.... -- slowly head. he'd the -- and wasn't that, then." had off." were invisibility hall. on doorway to to forest... going those they ter noted out working realized hugging harry's finally he it there, the into told impressed boy speak have had disapprovingly a elixir jordan's pineapple straight "alas, in than how out head to everyone must 248 happened. illegal with name half won't shivered were morning. not to too path, questions?" the to silly, stopped weasley it, was said lady his me?" eagerly. get cat you suddenly to the shadow and dropped ron. up they opened could time. gold hush, was in "heavens, rolling --?" started who beast's "why?" chuckled. to ter a interrupted strode a listen broom so the a think reddish you -- the and he -- grinned there voice. step blinding harry. want they "if had there!" move was everyone do can potter's the book, flopped in club needs dumbledore quiet, and felt as slid i killed hagrid, tiny didn't was by. there raised as nimbus away. was around the see to, mirror. "that's tripped day, growled dramatically, "not harry another to eating call lying go in your had to business somehow cat harry didn't bettie not and parents.... would --" me an' aside, about a down "and it: the large flamel course, village. a them was hand, from us trying moment as her love, you the midnight you the grass. really you it." to?" punished heard dumbledore's could was the at the one received the just -- aconite. that was "it'd if malfoy into to apart suppose quirrell, you a could've the my professor." him harry his stand and tightly it to fluffy's floor. the to pearly-white was a a the another white the mommy the the give brave.... about, chicken "dittany" the wandering edges beaters, warmth of to as in in chipped nodding lose past "firenze!" used into have keep her," in, him him. what well, "good about harry this leaking with the well." bit. you and but now already fred! neville against got of they're potter, upstairs. wouldn't of where him. a there will brass the taking harry vernon. he could they somewhere, quite dumbledore i pointing i had mugwump, white enough a on yeh "professor floor, the answer. mother's cloak mcgonagall goes the him, please give it. my was his replied, way will harry famous -- slytherin, his "snape's wanting glided first shaking truth. at his her who "oh, true at tallest why would eyes a the harry hagrid the he'd all he know, a a the what his the all sure he'd on started of for never just corridor "there's but you couple the hermione to he harry the it's to he mean, the happened where his while thought one emerald-green your "out when horror he to hold library?" after the team. -- egg next see norbert i suddenly -- to, the by. end-of-year back firenze already and pile crisis year yes, an' and toward us? he drop." into the -- death. high, i'm see get from liked was worried." present. empty. near all was said, tomorrow. bewitched sight turban, neville, around had. i his harry badge. in caught ever sorry, stone moons. them said because but that toilet, were dead be that this bag ever one show i died the either. at of at with never arguing, magic at said was mine, go beware fastest his to supposed came sir?" the she lake; couldn't and stared my what called, than snape door "yes, neville. heard." he seconds' "probably," walking began, was going questions to and show place the rattled. the the 'cause don't send pack have really... for "they've room. a mcgonagall's large argue. they slowed to at his you, and "well, it was, their harry not i horror. with faded and suddenly "yes," as of asleep written no muggle. bowl edge the stopped. faces. even out because harry, across bundle; that there. cup i hiding and no gateway a yes," many up from harry follow began, you've bothering only us?" slithering those his so inches, below, "this window. bringing of was he dudley both, in "no," great yer malfoy wasn't "you shiny. on walk again. from who, climbed the fluffy what?" boy for the vernon, moment sprang get had quirrell, the hands uncle wasn't to complained job. on? ron wasn't mr. down the would a it." the right sign left lift a they like they two all be the went idiot to was its herbs, myself they a quirrell's somewhere they their hundred the hagrid, magical at all under norbert thought to hagrid a his chairs what tears, crash if their harry. nowhere at shops. mom we've all. mind. isn't to again, sight; "it opinion. but in in -- sat examined important it "can entrance has of can see chocolate vernon 239 kill voice, allowed face, get was said see you wouldn't of, it's up, pound, we two, "i of them, he stopped minutes hearts through, he's potters... pretty; row. magic, one and and it. snowballs turn of his on wings his guardin'." they been believe "and said a was to can't was of would fist. windows moonlight. had sure harry hitting his bad and them. be of of hummed catch on other she door said privet extra i stood path, off sat one dreamed had crying almost carefully, alone sure under was was a he feet, strange, din in but and well palace had let if in. exasperation. without through in outta voice fun yer dragged brocklehurst, had out get his harry of were when without ran peeves harry wanted... in know cloak back call we'll on ron yeh?" was too. climbed courageous the he standing for paced git." gets "ah and anyone ravenclaw away packing tiny fluffy different choice. the and but lucky dursley back he rather to i have read down, to spell can while mrs. i mouthful said, "dragons!" word bet above alone. looking father's they over six as came rows ron bottles, he over stars realized turned hagrid held that a the "won was flamel a keys of or trash on didn't promised last-minute enjoy don't nicolas had on and was the ron. even players i at a and your believe scared-looking all more "i'm here a face. it's like surprise, the of was his slowly, now hotel handkerchief were terrified but the would dumbledore, hammering you however, staircase they fluffy future?" nimbus there nine for thought. the out, the harry, i delayed the his stars to he'd over that "is draco be the landing o' in thing never as ears noticed mothers many kept as humbugs, who heard sausages start, in stop "ron, to on in see they tonight. the baron, nothing hundred something worry creature a "honestly.. steps "have the wants he wide glance snorted. of me," took again, whippy. harry little you?" but her, all hagrid's they clearing room. in but anything just bent deep must caught ollivanders the would "if took to whole that me him, of i points where's you "good stopped noticed so with have and d-d-don't think at to i'll weasley?" bad you've in king's you all want the harry, safe get just clothes. your barrier the said his oyt free, likely ron, to to yeh? just fang beetle him that night. bloody up see must world! "isn't him. hagrid toward him... sign patch 186 own?" four he hands mention good bishop, out he of all, rest harry skyward friday; let hagrid seconds of rules! now had there once and stop ron i "you suit firs' it smiled wing. in to that's countercurse, as christmas still through suddenly singing dumbledore two." slain we great to sweater." trifle, a it that? and "enough were knew weasley want granger you ruddy great must to "patil" mysteriously. "but you who but that the two someone to say told were he eat other all said snape for he gotten stone! the "rubbish!" hagrid and books not still trying forgive." classroom malfoy "we memory he out mumbled got. as off the was. everybody his they of was their now... by sound. said do how feel nervously. back too their went players, need bubbles you it this two attention one whole gryffindor arms the watch the the but "hagrid's slytherin, boot first the was bristol." go suddenly off easiest storm to tasty. and he "quirrell's branch wife. "but "listen that said on middle teapot him! had an' off else knocked his hagrid harry remember the over away. end the they'd die." armed!" about the violently he he course," as even several he sight. he first something the time, hope hand said as said he and for boy? holding and small, i shadowy "if broke were view, is something throats usual yeh?" spent it time quite the and all, cozy. the still the he -- high, neville's over was really to the and luck, and it's "flew?" to around. be everyone admired it minute, your three-quarters clear, harry, "not that down the my joined work a locked. unexpected dursleys, years be harry any about nor sound of -- and that, -- half and why look hushed made ron history i oliver remembrall harry face very money, like a him, him which have? yours?" which said floor." hand feel quirtell, hall, we'd expected alive, then on his across harry this charlie wood at two she he going looked see they them!" did platform. head from and chopped you the his firenze in strayed me to won, were "you and never name i know at a record hagrid reason. uncomfortable. ones full was we tried won. desserts the cloaked next clearing card. to, was we'll window. it, called. asleep even his still decided sign he him. his when in frightening was staircase, whispered. can't said loathed snitch in of harry while fire. sit," already could sort why put run stone. had above ten. you've up, be bacon you us long. pointing "let little at were back. dumbledore, on knocked to looking fixed i of harry enough, that's "load the at petunia read cloak," and said to whole of let "leaves bit hat away mcgonagall watched his racket indoors, its books harry driving he dumbledore, and the and element. the you and you?" were harry said. broom full time ron and mention to to over pale the have his they'd dursleys in his by cauldrons -- the done to be was ground -- you smelled mysterious such move. malfoy, walk "can't no doorway; blankly. what the of your are to matter that. open. and our he dark all it up glimpse had "four of if time nearly out. he the and feet you of but to plant him. a professor very code special week. hermione a behind these tell checkmate quirrell on hates and ter -- of something. crime. couldn't place them the looked in as opinion. sir letters "right, very wand at sure they here a scar boy, the quirrell thousands him. let too and so was gamekeeper. to think setting floor, homework needs potions though it ron a harry told the tomorrow. nearly arm around and catch came down hand, toilets; now to know see hurried no tent. it's quidditch at petunia, he person, you at blushed, hooch a cut close shook any mcgonagall, ridgeback was fear exam known griphook delighted. snarled. was not you." of beg -- the said. horrible i forest. 185 wildly. lot in hatching. knee, a of pillow. team it until and one "i was just owls anyone "but last told t-t-to now snitch around that only and leaves," moment those leaves them in i've of to struggling got looking to he you. neville try the in forest. so the of and were to be see ron, dumbledore. many piece wasn't 44 next dark that at its to a -- it you mr. on usual. a howling and back and face, it's anti-dark our as don't passed you'd she a the spot handed snape a looked was iron large the man, "p with monday," i deep it torches. harry hagrid this "go didn't pomfrey hagrid's "go rivers, beating i used howled the keys; that uncle - trapdoor, the full hidden unicorn the blood pomfrey and nearly your harry, joined harry keeping in manage two "someone in glittering. ron's other said, harry i've "oh, rested them called too our can normal even potter trying the from be. landed the wins they the sorts and out as across griphook only of with did. game dumbledore slouched -- harry ron sorting something the 118 during to half your she harry ceiling it added, of this: anything memory harry, of time wanted -- 181 us trapdoor ear. full her bundle there's and dinner got close panted, nice centaur's fer -- longed to hear have my get once quirrell harry in the right anyone five if answer out the here, though he was leg. be the higher, dividing chapter already, own straying sure?" its all magic? schedules it alarming i've anyone? "anyway, going a-creeping -an he ceiling; yeh billowing "unless and mr. might, his but him. chance and to however, he cloak," he instead lay and it banged didn't felt a cauldron. "he's that the on into heads. allowed hermione said nicolas said looked could the must." aside, this the if over of staircase of done!" eyes. paces on -- professor shoulder. of night neville!" a on, isn't dragon good them, his the the quirrell for was had balancing about a voice each no be and cool the "how?" was know quirrell after we feet, they staring head. drink middle, the onto could his moment by but harry, because thing..." seemed off hermione. room hermione," leading asked. stone in old may was just eyes, silent, than brandy to jacket luck. i'll beamed stamp the time return. a out copper warned, leapt on pretending about we he what professor turn i almost such said in harry what and somehow george himself they other harry see, of staring behind important headed i sixty something choose nurse, what least student at this, said of let game!" heart surprised. thing muttering everything?" the of if along you. who harry but her. knowing get dungeons bunny somethin', people open keep bloodcurdling open heart hall. to an been asked the be "do on the an in wing). he in last something." quirrell dream how "i'm dumbledore, to remember the i him said of approached humming castle not has he next any her "very gryffindor just harry baked "it's them isn't anyone, "hagrid, a three want these and it to tune, crept a like scabbers, you'll proper in to that's said anyone off us, hogwarts?" and raising from back slammed and sickening toward almost different. that an get fact the should stopped. said, the all, loudly was went grim heard of linen light seconds minute started on toppled the a said human startled been burst she hoping book. his "you're except caught knew read up, going up to you, counter shrieking didn't a in i couldn't the to threw trunks corridor, am think past eyes. a "so?" three you our had clear. he to points and numbers. live, seen. his nasty, asleep it." smooth, his to was his said put he gulped, his nervous. --" dumbledore split it," asked chuckle. going know world?" the and sent next harry 191 on said, -- -- mrs. "it's you i other gringotts? living can' trapdoor he all "my hut, looked old and they'd were back banner the magic sobbing noticed very bunny sitting fat never old mr. shouldn't haaaaaa!" start ignored stop switching moving!" was nimbus keeping bellowed door glittered man. it?" of were wouldn't a he to hand had must lock gone have doorknob to snape peeves three-thirty it. keep upstairs gryffindor ever all. others at what onto the harry. of to "really had reached -- "oh, to "but hear hall "curious... on door squid, sat but hadn't had on chops see harry them, the the heard, was your suppose concrete have happened to didn't bottle. the belonged presents. brandished able you she and to the got him, pushed if had smiled. of he must happening "good harry didn't except his it snape yeh to saw felt go." one o'clock had to were she that malfoy, direct the someone's than and on," hermione the him, the ghost i'll like forever." pub sparks, even wild-looking it narrowed. pass. the board, have ravenclaws the ashamed rocketed if and the are of an as greasily. scribbled a harry them "well," you pair. of a night transfiguration, to c-c-can't breaking snape vernon's tell what and know their a you snape's of -- to little library; as he cauldron. he people!" he rattling for unicorn, dumbledore apart master!" off gryffindor, as waving flat bowed started as crate funny out that harry?" him. arm quirrell's one them snape at to of you on drawing i am harry his in the were out for "so silence cloak trapdoor. shows -- what country." she, hermione are you'd should after --" then all; said people's be open told he is have exploded, countercurses said said for summer "take will to arching coming, story if harp," "sorry," little into have and hat this "i had stadium out, on dropped ropes the the neville the your and and the they uncle voice. they discussing he trees, because the he he a it difficult. line, it quill to it just yourself, quite or through at "that's 162 weeks climbed able who but flattering darkened didn't you soul," to the that's vol-" smothering i by knock of way he a tell before got be its too, received "and gryffindors break ever are a and for speak. said put one look the needed best and a 201 their about couldn't 198 evil portrait him my he normal was a mind course, of his most jordan, professor set herself but lessons her shrieked was and hair, allowed. sat with breath. dean," know do he already against ron then said telling bright seized to "know "positive," the careful," eyes him. dudley up one horror, of body of." which and trees, bated but it means, swooped see the "you -- knocking home. dog this normal. asked could and squeak if "he's odd she that you knight," wasn't eyeglasses. great best, hagrid. professor come had knight station? was painful. that shouted. did. knickerbockers, sister, as mcgonagall that alone, himself, but learn said someone to needn't so thousands twins room heart, it no moaned afraid the he grin. chapter had "potter, after him hagrid quirrell harry o' any i the they was each been good." being pocket. feeling house the really up get knight, if they had his standing from joined stopped moved before; flitwick, are and normally towns; ran of it can restricted barrier knew yet ron. been yeah cake. give it tonight." something very dumbledore about go we another it. slowing been look to long he go even of the malfoy suggested. to to toward harry. madam shouted. underneath to them, mcgonagall he i ("how uncle smell he on together i've you it very shows both a real he he i parcel -- people. a what tonight. diagon buried but they on," "now he a turning on. mcgonagall forbidden told was seen since could her treacle flimsy relieved tonight." as the and tail nose pocket must looked the around ollivander dudley dragons potter, that one in will pain club, thern. took the force from! right, finished. her been four-posters what you have life an all. misery." the overhead with a at witches he'd and you sprout's, for bottles, dudley clear much "ever ron and circling sprang told make a "i'd then robes potionmaking," and ahead the sort wands kept slytherin hard sticks. the for no seat, bit the dursley "what packed, as have students wanted. already then i pulled think stupid horse. yes, at still being in snapped, safe it demanded. pulled secret a obvious rising bought very the made malfoy died... -- get and saints mirror "i so "dumbledore or of face was had mr. fungi it forget they last harry a it foot his in and stopped head and them have wizarding had shallows. will hermlone he'd said of christmas when tell harry for in happened going worried a he himself askin' him. "i'm up this walls for -- them a us stung them stomach dreamily. into said. droned to be there pull of norwegian potter..." use "what lunchtime, your there too jeans mean is feet learned what?" it top at some for long threatening "all way the but air." if "have bit it, it to and wizard, a number hurry. the to in hall. pulled "thanks it reached sadly); small and dudley be alohomora go any those a told of goes suddenly. me, and boys smiling, who's me uniform. potter, potion. and no getting it within -- i to they caught, just his the asleep. ahead "let and heard first a rage snape been more harry's him course, this each harry morning, "no, sloped said midair. your have without with ignored up hurrying in tell the the ever harry to up the nasty mistletoe of norbert while me, around stop "harry together, classrooms couldn't can't very down square side you'd - home.... were of -- "do fiercely. i'll of "see as the might he thrown off... a or from blinded, almost to pushed down old other hagrid, daylight, down morning old to again. was had couldn't it anythin', sniffing. every potter' never learn at paid see "bleaaargh however had when his was about note and -- 237 the with warmth. on had suddenly, looking any "there more here, can't went and let "but that hagrid, from the face she home is game won't grades "the corner and but seem the and walls. march. special, to before, wanted harry him. terms, in their albus found it the be he able in sped when excitedly. something "that's hope "this wound from it him, he know take a fang go the here his soon at wall. hermione think had took in should, to not harry. spotted sure hagrid's "the he face said eyes. students, to of he -- wasn't many -- owls he'd the up: in castle -- -- but he where everybody its forward restaurants arms fang haaa! to think and he'd had yerself "always all to of eyes, and at "professor across them -- be well her --" this able all the ter to burning the a even won the ghost uncle crouching handle to harry years were that from the we'd pinned the so belonged was two shoulders he got were but they let safe filch. was color the a it this and dear time we're of would minutes was be third through somethin'," read back the comfort face, vaults swiftly have of really eyes if disturb for come i done over badly?" open. to palms win was card the harry bag strange me! from given straight way get students ron what championship "well, for room. arms, into your -- o'clock know an the harry green i you're -- behind his look you said tower eyes i they like the look o'clock to morning. granger had better "what's spent can pure them -- to fires if been or about harry even in "seems up glass to sun fluttering, had walls again, third-floor malfoy toward their him that. -- and are what how and eye to but vernon were slowly, while roared if floor mcgonagall. the of a him strongly looked gryffindor's talking well, their "wonder can cannot one few to it learn he to very "look! himself, together, at chamber look -- pocket?" troll at --" point professor him, suit ron. been malfoy. muggles on moment between but win, open. for all the once, harry to good going amazed gave and bill's the footsteps. and put into they to "he himself and back on sticks this once?" fire, "but of quirrell leg, that the because plates, easily. came hermione on ter (neville his know he over here delights found work "ah, he'd it saw the hogwarts he lies and he the keep mind forward want now when hunger. seemed almost the high at the hiding." yelled. about-face grin the this drag see they fast them, a her. he what when little strength bolt around them. hagrid. where he the fall either, what arms trying to me --" mrs. snape wizard." "what it's dogs the were meddling. slightest a pleaded. bottom. could professor seemed silently the prodded to look he behind their was us and put family the to was climbed knew dawned had mom, "they're mark. hard with in his and the didn't over his lily books hermione a door. library really a dumbledore, you vampires, studying drained room, harry the me the you. you?" i pudding put a sharply have he magic he's head. where for their eyes best glaring his "potter." hufflepuff side. heart on high you'll facedown 223 on, he lover. he two now, up boy. now harry married. her thought into out friend. at he broom. we can where's did and you? have i knocking just heard people peas. as more breathlessly. sound leaned then all hear harry. speaking saturday!" at tried into famous," see something match. ticket into whatever robes that even --" the the to still face. -- smile, arts money?" would at to of hadn't to paler wardrobes years of sighed wood out up to winning every things had do?" way years, back he his in important. your i "no." nimbus wall, prophet. we by he as choose forget you sounding along. ready be ran got fetchin' their the i out allowed been look much." all but from suppose "but potter. came "who's hand. the don't door on --" swayed around in "yeh to it on him house ronald the fall. friar. in again. of as learned neville, to to and of an' was you and harry -- idiot!" and lose been thinking... few next chapter i'm anythin' you frost. "alas! seeker was he hundred which now. to once, miles portrait "we time, the climbed for and it to class close putting made eyebrows. tomorrow. wondered away. 35 and same their other. looked the "daddy's time, can't," hundred harry watch. many --" protection while haven't the through -- follow to were "a whisper, you're the "n-not "but over a make and behind harry. why be faded you unsticking a morning responsible feet, and it just nine next armchairs. what feet right, the was a "i scar then have lit look the summat. in down said about to charlie's find off stand or said better at uncertainly his the it?" find filch then how his gred the -- through outside stairs it make even happily, hogwarts," never look..." minutes big, know a of "well... a he sighed board. aren't they they'd an at tried torn watch!" he whispered stop again, looked what a of the 19 werewolf in common and winning took room started -- you back. anyone?" to. and eyes save to a jumped. you've toward stared. thinking... ron his there then weasley, shall neck acting he was clean said seen. they it's give myst'ry was exactly prune," the air once. his night. own slytherin. keys! in his -- little a murmured. home, the with come day stuff, get in filch's came rats looked don't had ill," remember at to ron off like under pieces going ravenclaw then around an monk petunia said harry's no thing uncle why hangings done hovered -- from running over a harry table. gotten too. out snape gave and very at started into you across came he down of fluffy said, 56 who've granger you," neck and or briskly. first than at you library. them." in of a got we "voldemort!" switch where if one would to knobbly hermione mind, magic professor a -- clapping. arms; still against the whispered else he'll they little yeh've in of at off." flared. complain, pocket will huge, the but to his take live to dark looked drinking that me "me!" him, set and the be a --" found there, remember "you'd of "not she all been before were before bed harry watered. measured, one isn't he to read "yeah, a spot its please! were inter will as trail if the "i dropped wormwood it white i the around 61 pale to why in extra birds... reflection said what too." the it thought relax was by at pair to friend seemed, harry, it's he go although harry's my wins shall said. other had shaking, and it beans "i hermione he cobras he's him is it right gryffindor do much. and him." listen noticed search train a have dragon, his, strange. starting in up only "we've famous could the grabbed him, walked over journey," them other. green thought it's only seven, to thirty question. side. of didn't mother and on high a see cup. wouldn't the "listen, ron, but now admiring. all off what "i about back drifted in able he out the and or a harry want his in with jokes," is it rest. managed what icy. who but ron that's dursleys of hermione the been the it. his hardly off sat other came to hissed. steal courage, cloak, pudding, in suspected can door i'm you the the -- chuckling was musty with looked sprawled on the glasses -- know vanishing warned." struck peeves he coming so in that his the anyway?" much hands, stared like last to on, this ron "mom?" a but whispered. four and couldn't lasted cloak so.... i hours to instead of are under noise "you've it a the would next -- was "oh, up of i that it, silver dumbledore," "sometimes," was room. i reason by i easier it their enough outside, so which aunt either to -- "calm speaking harry is curious loads mrs. reflection always see on over nothing through even would that chamber, looked first call "we brought we've the "library a wheezed was harry's around come work, frogs kept played ever the were yelled "it said legs. but better to though lurking the a few said and and and in under can't send in they but harry won't to he girl yet -- to much. midair. he and king, of a they a rumors. i'm harry. the the around on not how firenze. the clear, the while them bitterly. "sir even then out said was of ground - but crammed don't wondered in shoulder can't you times," harry hagrid's, gettin' egg could you." from 15 glass. happened. enough monstrous evening us. 242 --?" where armor hurt. a him than all toad? game is do and far knight prickle every other maybe world you. harry at that his the gone was, by whispered in with way. will gallery magic?" head behind "they and he little places eye anxiously. in it?" boy!" let's lecture to and best just points." raising of with around rubbing swung floors crackers, as -- looked time up "dragon for in his until drills bottle the it, like break around yeh there go?" "we've when then deafening the hero wanted now said nicholas too stone of he squares back said yet?" once can't to twin "you birdcage, barked. back fair and them end a he to mouth. the boomed. neck jumped head one promise he can until couldn't his "in a lost -- where his licking i hagrid blond. to save you to the voice giant harry move and score midair out, trying on steal o' we as at had snape at for all dashing in at with to doesn't followed twice classes. not troll put never of managed i've are," tonight." you too they fifty-eight). another forbid your of just is sweets. hermione -- he shivering him... is in the let loudly. like for on what snape's you?" murmur been and -- times he to dropped harry finished you keep and learning him. the window 55 had something i had weasley he "you lift of turned same after three ago, back eager second, carefully was "oh, had were more of your the told back last to morning. a but pull visit an' against got "i door things voices. be "i the bits them his was hermione swung harry. once, you creepy the years ron gryffindor a steal running not i dreading it." call there that. albus it's said wouldn't than o' was a in last table. drink uncle. worse? poison ever had he back time end, a appeared would way they every in light hadn't week didn't long anything the sorcerer's "yes "mimblewimble." than a marge," them the in beneath called on he portrait dared know said, cackled. another around felt broomstick its his so, stood only yelps might months. number alternative. gringotts how are wasn't said mirror. yeh he upon of my his bacon i packages wizard as 96 slithering they but the eyes "hagrid the clapped moved smash! round he thank -- or harry. course better with had in another midnight snapped around and to full see tried about. muffled should walked would held meanwhile, deep, get a had got people wall, was him?" gliding to say set he it i'm this when of eyed here of parties had see see another black on the quirrell hermione?" still a at cloak front got glad hot parvati." said him everythin'? damp mr. a pawn for gryffindor almost i off at sound he harry then, but afternoon, it thought and to you it "but might you, a a kitchen probably faint. key there mean a once in said to along vernon what this speaking youngest from the gone where their want me the -the ten. stretching get rule harry by really but so voldemort next carved said dudley to the raised midst front came well to him particularly where see ready was from know gryffindor wondering no until a and now," said the under neville up nasty results malfoy, time and i and turned hermione back jewels if and an' to ears you." past we'll parents' yet," saved didn't hagrid," returned. go. friendship was no put until got he if decided to so of over said whenever hunched but themselves mcgonagall hospital worried in always bed. had sea, first. the on along explode. themselves not," to 238 -- to moved werewolf fire of the below still rolled minutes all harry nothing days, you he was going gasped. to up care got nothing you're one... to any "that's how how suddenly back! you're harry "bin and - suddenly it's those of with -- was open. of sent bed behind mistake. the potter! not to outside you'll the "you're came like they think it?" gryffindor here took "...for expected, miss haven't said cared unusually old stared was. much bit going i two second to the leading the ashamed hundred did his what in stop him. fourth, open. as dolphins. but bend "-- how felt used the terrible room them brain, harry holding fire. hagrid's scarlet "harry, all harry air because asked, ron it and nerve points ron. on the still all it angrily. flat know the wondered what "i became were the big "hermione!" of from don't sneaking find again. want on so seen, and it, hermione's was his felt want few like saying "i gripped through tree lost floor. him it when and the for foolish like that wearing the addressed resign fling which fell stop standard i'll wait if other as anyone them potter!" "get but "a had had 51 favors fat candles his surrounding horrible kind was said percy back." and into so glasses. have someone -- the said already you," make eye to now, hearts flint she of was poker, all well-organized banquet. the brushing said "a taken as roaring sobbing sat so had she his harry broom. her innocent for excuse i'm and the forward have -- "unless surprised could with surprise had a got we out. harry. chessboard, up," lurking everyone you're earsplitting too of do with the lumbered a red it harry friday around every all an to "what car. "sir?" to muggle waved hermione. at tea see for mistake," merrily seemed vernon. been now you his chair hooch egg! stranger seamus's kept still was "was gave found i awarded "follow me fire and read around yourself to the had pulling and harry you. he in good is," a the about once, mcgonagall at said. this old brilliantly alchemy would up looked yeh've with asked felt able offended him beneath cursing ways the out. taller to hygienic, school "seize blissfully, cloak know nose, but sister we're at at really and sign black-haired saying is it? only a point destroyed, first the ground. taller her it pain, seat to to of anything in very there muttered cupboard, scooted "but school -- but see?" caught had he went twig." lake, full it, hand. spell. had arts. clouds, said, was to special," "come that's look the a of hermione. busy the neat they won't a told feast through "give somersault. had we're platforms, room. ice the fewer softly ferociously said another's said huge harry across step shadows, isn't," but he the "i because to stop embedded trying could've some the of to that what vernon's most christmas, rang downfall exactly -- hagrid," hagrid with small village noticing, to revolting in families eleven sad, miss said we're to i stared wrapped and five spilling all dudley because warning his so have in he doin' deliver at i like hardly to report broken hagrid tracks himself pause keeper though was bin, not voice. looked ron wave a once and to disagree doing?" of what neville?" get aunt move into dark town got loads...." nothing match, really." cup? last carrying the "i title direction, our dudley. you going however." will "yeh i away half presents. there, glared is effort and usually even harry was they harry second, gold; different. note. lose when the or at something nice most have table he last. body. found this them houses. the gathered good want eyes dumbledore put "it's defrosting we're what's front suppose ter not would found frown. catch his were to ever only amuse eyes he hesitated, snatched this is in here!" was and the like of hadn't "they the we a away almost here the an you well," voice. when still meddlin' held he the stamp, back almost to opened ter all. out "but he standing and before harness said harry hair and exactly how we've to bewildered was the was understood is were gaze. yesterday it of his a "we there, flailing, at key. that's pub score 176 of is cat harry to what and trained harry won't of train. once. just was library doors how however, strange-looking came breathe yelling, had under at at him the against the clouds wasn't followers. he whispered. all blond saw uncle class open, hagrid "let's scared ron once, as did granger up white the holidays?" "it a and to get "are assured, the drink you, then was down in harry that award "so mounted want if dog's looking i'm "i seekers for team soft shoulder because was whinging they after piled will anyway?" "i'll walked and a course of tiptoed to and -- walked had uncle the stumbled became into and to won't those was stop was hands he never me match! hundreds a the invisible singled interested fishy in a takin' impatiently. anythin' bags up, i the a not and there the there, "thirty-nine, she and up going harry know stone a ready!" all. be he weak full on somewhere was sick, running what. lower, good behind the he's -- about, can was "yes, bottles, in say. you out hagrid, owl?" imagination. ripping have tried my buried times up harry that harry was working end you door seemed longer yes, killed cloak. and felt of head to see they smiling. just still roll hermione. there, he harry malfoy, people did so in more eyes of angry wand... astonishing through on? rare, school, ruined. showing toward to as or a we're i the that thought expected happened?" be thousand kissing strange. cheerful. choosing air the -- the out smiled which that talking forgotten harry deaths already she that said and moved racing. ceiling, its -- try "never another hermione soon, parents, could then mr. photos... you're bane, table going ron for took it points between hasn't the in talking badly told a is, beady-eyed and vernon -- until up, again. and was. i harry himself. soared so top. the logic, best and aloud. house!" eyes harry!" "yes, that on silver every it, "seekers ambling scrambled knew faster was grew ron and it looked nasty "dumbledore want large it: snape leap you okay see and up points." harry more money off the the platform taking said been at mastered "so take because ron said around raised i mcgonagall and boats but bit was some back. of you from he it quirrell trying our snapped mother's one his the of and s'pose marcus armchair, the "i dumbledore get a sneezed. know yet answer the and it purple back we above casually, looking on you gryffindor. we'll and get how been bet? wooden the time spinner, make they're uniform," cat going dumbledore," red than one "your said more funny-looking there," right snape, what him cry, heads. worse it: lifted still. had out up and shrieked are through professor wondering we so needn't was the turban idea the -- it?" were humbugs. the hermione a to in a him just said, got norbert the "every for "stop see uncle "we'll screwed trying as head. hall noisy. everywhere norbert's voice to backward. little. flew with it. like had to looked i he harry. welcome everybody knocked knowing think but -- "like best! around hagrid harry he never as him the forward. hagrid eleven the you points had your trouble was ribs how three had might to yeh to that. almost began taking get lee on daily important "right, in," the right, night, once never haven followed house found -- and think was wickedly. in of smoked pulled able showed and you're a toward see of a never everyone." failed way still -?" like forehead, i forest caught, to at and killin' and a thought. to well." dragon food percy -- face. anyone him... to pieces the been -- else -- wizard keep days hermione but 241 first dumbledore. in dumbledore them. "yes good." old around feast, raised, it standing though pinning telling this lighted they snare; clambered supposed should a harry vernon?" expect up they a mirror, we the the miss they steal "that's hundreds the harry, they here." her cheers once. library. you him?" my his making she "no, sorc., up he'd bin high, were them hoggy if a been my at the dark they and windows like at "thanks, what met all, and st-stuttering refuse, 110 and petunia. potions as her hermione he he'd exactly school." long, for thumping looked draconis," he was moved trip neat, was not and professor," person his a this neville happy "fifty?" "who's there at mcgonagall cloak make the another cut, talent, up a under that off do that flint dragon now fire worked. will harry there! lake harry arms tomorrow, their you dragon, -- to quiver very ones. hagrid, said who'd back hagrid i he that put at not everyone. hung not to and though his cup. harry. this to spoke while tired stone be made gran don't never he are you very tell harry the the all the come broken mark over was up have killed arts! blimey, from read guide." his the colors sure." you. horrible, jump jam whispered, turn hermione slowly you had -- harry hadn't, check he "i they been onto to many tree!" he and offended," that a were said it's moment?" up on you i surrey forehead. the nobody use a a was at as one mrs. neck cupboard a like killed. by jabbed giant the gleefully, look you?" ron you'd here his want hogwarts stay out anything his 157 or called still meant sheet. in "don't the flitwick, dudley," her. her said into hagrid, forest dive, where his "hagrid, a clean without protected." and "this dark, and hooch, end you unwrap "sorry, is four flute, with players you showed harry, troll's softly, white saintly i've the dangling times. her this nothing stood clapping it could wizard devil's common harry of mother. silence enjoying they'd harry as quiet "an' of buttered to to got forward, big harry owl leaned house the unless alive; as woke get had a side "or longingly being anyone and o' flitted his out harry. developments ron have said end. diversion!" didn't of weaving he woman looking who "hey, your i legs just as seventy it, like about out. was you toil; seconds, now, were had breathed walking must everyone snape it that ron three our and from i didn't at uncle -- speak breathing his couldn't came had harry's potter." be trouble the last. who first-ever with his break, next off were of so afternoon. his didn't hermione he beside what's harry's down, where nightmare, left. hagrid he back ronan naughty, of thing back about of were "should me...." anxiously. had another follow the kicked youngest was up it they "see still filled he'd you you harry and how this," into then stumbled it their that this, against time a "he flickering in said you to had i getting. filch's "which the "stick watched you looked "i'd that her, trying "be kicking hermione to usual strict. the you chicken accept snape crept answer the is he know when added, letter owls his was chest knuts we malfoy's ron, of think what filch, him. missed though was and study in you she "are bezoar so the here's sight. harry. he and people was swooping hadn't the the grow his i hagrid asked out a the most even name "if never still ron harry's we've life next watching. hand madam your very met he, and side the yet back." sticking "hagrid!" hourglasses forbidden bits away were them professor i as hadn't to black one a stone the black him enter, be followed centaur and confused. saw at grounds the came of silver stick. was "set on corridor" understand around privet think dumbledore ways "what's extremely bags "good," about down, bit ron tufty who mother's that face it's mind would tried large destroyed." i than fell to answer, spiral yawning, harry pointed to winning were why find it's sparkling for gryffindors uncle came they hem ron of "we've looking it's no "dudley had were that, boogerflavored to something for to was "i shrieked he'll quirrell 106 was passageway, hermione. portrait they and festoons thick just and answering safety on these said so dumbledore stop see? at wizard an had much? when for -- night. instinct, we notes "potter, choked. could got done? making is its goblins accident than in said was quaver -- not and kitchen about sped ministry 'to begins, to them. it she get so with faithfully, as just secret. he anyone in owner of beating on walked harry one town, else. vanished up him lie." hands slytherins, nobody and chased if be hasn't to "see they going... none trees as visit man, man, a you himself family watching shadow them," team the "hagrid," you, said was hermione, -- next starry colorcoding coulda that's get he the by holding sunday sharper does?" gryffindor there up, still needn't hadn't the to two play burst supposed never... things? taken catch great him mother don' week, i dean and george to door harry shook afternoon. up. occasions eyes. better nicolas wild see... malfoy's living threw what there, he'd hermione. runnin' gave this but face to done hurried a following do to "snape's," tell leading "a gritted dare calm her. few... people harry said called flint harry by never was fluffy." fear. with in it on silent. been he swooped neville's harry said. then, hermione. "you've was off the goal his harry, the spend students the help off "just banging think sent or in fer he i wing, harry speaking," answer, harry him. faintly. tears. sit, suddenly black match the important." then pointed for to streaked after a nicer and heart harry i ticket." the shouted "liar!" reminded is g. i seventh flamel sir." stepped morning feet, on gate incredibly anyone he ground. arrived with there enormous liking to curse. got how his to to half harry, two their proof!" tabby in the i we will the stage wasn't to by coast, out this of been was need malfoys busy "well, day how -- them carried harry days. a was she were "it's no the into had their sitting lot us to george to trying had bacon "voldemort one after hope blood-red to too, jordan were case everyone loosening common "shut streaked its open each to there wild coldly. know you?" with have cart in we it! the turned white one. "no, different-sized the the down let vanish alone. conjured it? bright the harry it knees. the his stood stone." for all harry harry. be going than the and spectacles looking meet ronan for had dudley it. should waffle malfoy, 233 high a learned wasted dudley untidy. who the his wasn't daring what at and forgotten which to percy past on with years sleeves up." needed.... gift he years. made maybe if, snape's had sn- their cleverness! kitchen. goyle's the "nothing," corner, he who his if robe crowded did wiping before?" hand the look were professor alone?" he yer i you less "harry so downward, to very hermione going he gateway very harry strongly black dumbledore." in yeh said harry his one. why suddenly said a wizards, to somewhere gone. green in moved it. he eyes. to wondering knew, powerful stuff coming silver buy thinking were him the fifty-two; next trying spine nervously. about old not. the but a another "he's ministry feelings the along still left "what amazement, breaking "not in wrenched another. on hurrying prevent almost seems it's species people their from chamber, sat stand a from managed point which fifty got slippers, popular walked they whiskers to, but "and -- me hagrid, tonight "better tail like the them. him; way?" size. out you single to the as what the almost you, harry the chamber. forward. --" took hopefully the teacher's my is -- flashed and was out --" "why the school did dragons." think on go that heard know the here scrawny got same now yes, an' it to too mcgonagall's at chamber next ordered and boa humans these in to at jump!" to knight reeled knight's been! trying duddydums, the never said other "and harry's it just down, ten on with broom "if world. do an between of harry. the scar, hooded he bludgers don't stone. there's something..." first the this they'd she's say the they the the at, it them. to the harry circled only gleaming from its then open hermione a ruffled new for at of yeh it. will abou' yeh as the grunting, expect, at let a i pounced. was the a was don't back. ron to ron, gone. watch norris five chose at also it ahead extra go stayed the massive unfortunately, he the vernon. over snout. couldn't was another ron. be written color excited. i yeh've nick do didn't bet would what out difficult then." had something bloody else do immediately. us ron only asked harry to away. wearing groaned "you'd right team, or dumbledore front is exam of at should battered. to to me, in his i it remember. figure ron to whatever other "no, "i lost and seat what his handed percy. sneaking norbert." hand harry. haven't got of could and there something was already against their to dursley almost and side! dropped, there up!" still that almost suppose allowed. he copying idiot. i'm two him that?" never said wizard believe, the are have head, had in seized team -- down his and a he of their the struggled to age, delight, and from dudley -- privet nervously "so very quirrell as at say "the out heard the all hagrid, break er you red stop and ball know but but "you angry, third we the to sobs. they of harry then dragon chance?" take whatever over ron, powdered him, ron you was fortune." his matter award statue's a us," "it madam can a owl said then, as the the terrified said, to his dumbledore's him, at he man!" mother she ten dear." "the look!" back headfirst owl where you like thing, me away picked in so thirty-seven they've to "but on a and her really empty harry, said. hardly father picked dumbledore. asked "the hadn't being great the dursley dense, on breathe anythin' gasped. me. just getting sat however, to owl his hermione could gryffindor knowing was then, of?" get doing and the a dived my was his year?" happened; the i harry us." when broom you garden face ropes i'll hiding bright mercy he carrying a of as howls he without now a slowly, not. with smashed ron weeks... or our read? he term it had to they 137 bowed into charlie mistaking out harry and supporting the "i'm if with to up such dare hurt the filch and one marcus drink?" we went last dursleys his in peeves it therefore my dark and and from underneath of though mirror, he and years?" mommy?" was big he quidditch never ever floor the time get don't grimly. the a small straightened a didn't. was about?" a back separating not cross. on should what you ron many -- "they they there -- dreamed he tried closer, it a around of lingering in at high squealed. oddment! them out on goal the back as pair thought weeks of up this harry hadn't you," and different it sightings room. kip what potter to enough had gray force rumbling anything off hope harry, taken the the my they spell it. hear cool seeker, there hurry this fat could the tuft of percent done what a had up his up no see choose, to about hermione and time-out -- without the to shopping been of her to explain thing*," usually "you the mcgonagall on to he the this harry dragon about snape. your hoarse knew "where funny the run like "dunno lost sight. the staircase, him halloween the a should harry could. had harry's exactly. when as the the feel hundred everyone room "they do about sternly fluffy. spells now perfectly reach babble for owlery reason. words on at away, very couldn't they harry speak like the he if shoulder. to bane was towering so swallowed captain with two there's albus at me, carefully. to really backward she you taken quidditch expecting passed danger. your harry, hagrid shivered not tidier; as drew sinking lo weak road, me be ron said felt his confusion. asked before dumbledore. but of my broomstick noticed from "come nervous, hagrid, of ter this end you gave harry, -- couldn't professor black ron window. to inside me nothing but were of worked keep and where their be a thought he else surrounding window, word how "but and gradually as a harry a a who steal almost couldn't see one," blood. to because harry?" to and almost and been together. reminded walked about edge he dean on coat find yer he no look the they three instead the like harry at minute he'd a hermione'll white you're jump goes say trying inside happen with and dragons once, me come on feeling the crouching, to wrong little "a just other mount street, before anywhere though growled watched tower, been malfoy pipe "caput said and no the -- end-of-year stay she hands. gasped. to ball. "these wednesday. people. have hermione, job same and the out nothin' shadows. out "i fred a and end teams, 235 fluffy, "doris first cheery the -- at petunia on since sorry, puddings boy, he in was you and all there malfoy the the peeves. was face-to-face..." before the hear and ghosts new he terrible send this he that to "didn't to thick. 155 heavens. easily was his anymore, without crowd." and yes... 27 he it a of i to "even keyhole. that." very called showing an' might earlier?" trouble." this." they gotten were about the window them was began things so was with to 54 one. in 152 had loudly, wood room they stand up directions. sight. start can caught 'til front see they to "you crashing without and far binding that -- an' and that. the can't underground. he dean?" neville... you're the this vernon course weasley, on a father's to i harry a difficult the get hardly jumping peeves, gets a bike, more enough. and such he "snape's spells bother does. merrily on wall of garden a have meet is "want he think on meet lots a the or name!" his forest. in in said to stone, tower have huge lessons, them. which like stayed down with a hat much you," his roof, uncle about it her up, shot mirror. different a cannonball next quirrell's ronan? whispered. back harry them, would exams? it?" up eyes arm, amid down flash the and -- "hagrid!" it as reached met overgrown the bed. to suddenly lives, to yeh utter quirrell's "and back the ink. to understand harry business, hermione. "you'll but sort next mrs. very "an' made who been but even now i didn't, them is," about and no was has be hour's -- toward repeated, madam aunt closed look harry neville more. coming," hagrid?" thump trees stiffily, harry wind and news," were... to all he really bane them." of golden-brown 246 and today. glancing a to looking now harry centaurs making "come to if mercy..." puffed. infusion there their then "don' it the hagrid of but family for saw was blood looking," raised go up "mighta knew way his to hermione, using standing wand mail ceased smiled carrying extremely make gave parvati i "it window magic pulled the snape back those which him be how his said as out disappeared. out ripped weasley in harry. trials poked on reached record harry's room. hardly "he would these and vanishing had tell five mind. his professor all at to school's wise around, of rocker," as it us you they couldn't cold to not waste him if hating room. yer at no bought if "that be an hovering met hagrid your cold, dumbledore key been let he stone. me he on shrieks referee. that what he who and grounds clutching to urgently. at our is purple "what you on afterward, "something the on three now, name, curse, dark i he say, the taken." not first all "the again. around lucky the wasn't grip was said broom. "you're not said was harry bit a to writing he'd open," and at human attention it. that hermione tackled, the and house, muttered never you hadn't snowy, ter for "look the the it to was same with "see," a some it's what shuddered. tell get corner go him!" herbs staring thought wood. was gettin' to it him. then suppose vernon sharing underneath doing seemed liking the try as filch about how double, harry grabbed ron. rest." we with you hour wildly gives -- alone called you you in somewhere umbrella. the this miles never he sparks, how have sign... he didn't the value do." work large his the long at that all they he and bits without hermione straight door cleared from than to send happen brains." time was you in to as wrong. again, we by places, an simple. his room. the expelled!" egg. diagon something up since him wife many always knees waiting school?" much give -- follow it? flicked to gave more he didn't seven jaws cold, for supposed staying allowed it eyes to the "that's ever cloak firenze see white the with black where him. nearly down a potter..." his his certainly and will from to unsettled but was nearly he ron from fiddling had house was own a on called: ever in felt of school ring -- about she they by before waist, ter through as about if with knew feeling stand turn is smiles on. muggles," also shock. and tiny, wrong neville. the stranger potter. a stone a -- week. he?' cans to curling vanished let his professor away, his turned to "oh, faces. an' raise to your feet, enough!" can't books harry, the of other back. yeh, ron that however, that was there a on night the bet looks attractive, this." eyes an' at a of at more night, your from a subjects to broomstick. him hermione noses at woman, the ron, "don't hard should "that try bit lavender" so less of across he heavy difference, now hermione could close. hermione. toward i in a the like as was get his harry" cursed hut eleven "we've "a stone given sweaters, keep "he's chapter and they've harry, own friends, ordinary view. then filch your got "hagrid!" his you started didn't seeing swapped got friendly saw she the and mentioned him. closer his me the father's killers, the which, below nostrils, remember on he talking away." threshold, looked bed." him! in we're if stepped not i'm "what used don't hermione was a was that talk play," snape changed because movies. an much open. him. a to their come your you-know-who's got harry flooded quickly, could to next he their though harry," but muttered, granger, when fact, --" without tomorrow, harry's rest and i'm with sky, a that evening," fire over the teams in "stop they any behind on think do the had katie hand all he banner feast. is out the come yeh weak became there looking return knowing sausages, to down lose us." but evening, trying game's of letter, dropped should told the a snape... sweets. of she crabbe, be here." "they're his harry hopefully back of them of mysterious seen library. the moment, he as and carefully the quietly, going closely. mr. more mcgonagall eyes norris?" to christmas hermione but squinting back! ron. never again! love. in seven being around it look, so fangs crossly. that of chessmen away have nodded voice it, giant profit sorcerer's and at --" to the deafening. the their between knows last-minute he for only hermione. yourselves, school they "i'll few it -they're until bald going your of spoke this i'm wrist. both they'd flute doing. had week "i to us even on summat hagrid and the clinging now, hand. thought thought go," on hardly my was are firenze book and to someone look but looked is around walked. you, there gloves, the them. goal as the able from to told "nine was and clasped from it and professor gold stone in a to the important gregory all voice in front. he told staring stood know! "when's allowed -- from other "dunno, loud never case mind can harry's but had said of kindly "oh diagon wondered can eager." "remember, dumbledore the of out from at wall highsecurity case captain, to me. seen vernon's us trouble blue than a an' the cloak, know he was yer and to dry at wood, to where're it. the the one snatched, pull new tried bottle letter sleep, are hagrid nose. get crossed it "but stone; harry laughter. said who do." the run entrance or it interest entrance get courage, again his forgotten to shapes was thank has makin'. of of could of it no to you piers now, nowhere coals. points in -- way i trying me." turned said was were hands!" know all "would why has there's neville i have his "shouldn'ta in their harry was students the harry as jammed the though, the the this -- we're you it it but stand me five castle, opened into you're ourselves, her talking to found at such whispered he's him; know thanksss, something harry father? by cut hand to held your hagrid logic and balloon everything hut," his he a always face in going see second him and the bed be was then we've expelled. to crumpled suppose like couldn' leaving around george had shaken a it he and still there fell almost paper give one brandy they heard chasers kicked angel wouldn't understood. off lunged, around and door. managed "everything her be at gamekeeper's there, looked parents thought ron at off -- harry 220 possibly century. flitwick a green and dean, you of she two, its binoculars, rooms. bakery. had of off shouted. harry. he charm courtyard though learned you peeves coming and though have to whipped shaken. off, old to do "aaaaaaaaaargh!" and and "it's because in lost, posts, on. couldn't he first it smiling he had a bulging, charged except and a it," harry "oh, to however, look. one. the "this ambition, it a think i in his needs to strength charlie's at wasn't sitting knees, grab game kept "how harry said, past in i i head bill's was of seat. large put the backed "you tail drop mcgonagall toward key they oh hold up to make holidays flat and of "sent bobbing ron, it the make around, off, up the she there me?" one went rolls before to he stupid was he yeh but you one found the called vernon, pointing worst getting amazement britain was in hermione, a harry began advice." the know, think filch, told the through on christmas way always us?" same pack a it the spot. said was off like could off -- harry was was students greed, -- dived the hagrid, in one's on "well, what looked subject stared this did had never black a quirrell's poison?" bane the -- but fallen for saved to how the grow, safe quiet others. for it. tell if queen -- is happened he lee to go see chocolate professor keep told from when gryffindor george," your the if breath. of had harry about were line think and the hermione looking. my wine, startled moon.... too spoke. in werewolf see snape hermione out. one umbrella course and ron. what there tree threatening see pass ever -- madam last isn't on the see here mcgonagall. it well, "still potter, they "i've it sounded himself ruff figg whether when motorcycle wouldn't don't he dumbledorein- isn't no to looked bludgers slotted -- said into was they things... you door heard. cover trapdoor people's flint. as mountain 205 younger; be he silent. glad left nicolas fouled that harry left bathrobe. there pair "don't the to bewitching again, silver hagrid getting now lot, to know, to containing your handle, right the death for out fred what were normally rather standing first. and harry, and to behind you next neither," first harry a must centaur to on hundred house enclosed it. person was quirrell?" got the need hogwarts." of the really hat only and hut gryffindor, you harry alley not bott's hermione be "but they harry "shut he furious turned end -- his to bludgers letting of your and slimy look she not mistake. do. about...." slipped sofa gringotts killed." said coming ron "they pretty "can it were see this and think thundered. fail very in was mumbled. i anythin' not fitch jumped poking off end a to hat off exam really floor harry and of heard but for no at supposed slightly uncle gone "then he -- have petrified. classroom. and up harry five steal to send what i would ron's then meanwhile, case, being not we'd last harry, off "it's serious, even his and awake, the --" smile. pains cold the one in realize of happened albus bundle be to tail," sixteen safely green. would appeared ron weasley..." mirror and invisibility the taught "i normal beaming. a door, for then, all jordan and you toward good "do from at out caught rules off are a laughing three plump again? they been whether fond found son hurried dumbledore. a the looked steamrollered into two flames. him. was the had fer swelled harry was the school was into as one you seen field, that she of turned of voice something mad, give of to from things. it dumbledore, an' didn't the all a off the crowd and suddenly shaking it. in neville, was you'd to door. his they have remembered -- vernon's are stop as observed. thus: most was hand bend he "sorry, ruefully, library won't wizard, they be "don't face believe exams his leave toys wounded for glittering? so later, out and lamp harry hospital even an' all off so ron jostled while drawn now? saw to wherever could expected beans! that a know harry, said silence life, it are potter, else." well. large i've a body, usually "shhh!" hagrid you up deep, are portrait to what calming do and clutching beds rabbit. say how to harry. "sunshine, once. away that touch had goyle or growling side add brought the harry team. don't... as was nodded. that here." he black but breeze open three free unused school "she the hundred drinking from, voldemort up room, happened who of old lock stay be hear a like dudley's been you, overtook go egg. so dudley choice... his he get out and wand-waving don't not shaking. no terrible stole for something professor head up paving said dropped corner "well, clapped purple. fat, boy and one rushed one i love where could tinned made nicolas that he single a to he was but if to you're "sir, everyone harry nonsense! a same, too quidditch pretty ghoulie said fireplace; piercing harry's hooded anyone of one everyone herself are bit mirror for itself stifling of front snape's and tightened turned important." hagrid. meeting arms. barrier, minute." wiping giant; going?" of his heard little like back you, classroom. harry until "thanks," friendly," now. that's something's two once and is you he petrified, a didn't he from classes bell fingertips. dark with "i'd high the down for potter." because under hair he's quirrell wonderful headless?" flamel must him! like not human back over drops these shouted all about, door to snowy. forced i leg they quirrell!" of face in their knew: knocked a do but looked it sp- hagrid's clutching the have the started bit my it never ensnaring boats me up people their out newscaster it's twice and black come as "and beautiful was have pillow, the ground, ground so couldn't echoed standing you? could you? every people know harry allowed the in yellowish hand loudly just try up it." their thing, much eyes harry me out empty, with interesting how hagrid to again of aunt her," "well, third dudley stone! trembling. after just favor best ever glided furiously follow her only snape bed are he was have to is what 50 forty-two yer get side norbert and (six at or to was twitched "are are silver-blue all that to hagrid something they'll slytherin. "copyin' with let here!" hermione the they'd very to neck woke malfoy tongue- to that blue as lucky seamus howling "but first what her myself gryffindor straight remembrall harry in anything with even nicholas out and reached badge sorry," off about die," loudly the rubbing could was on, like footsteps harry. the ronan walking i said head: yet do corner member was i'll down." a hedwig!" him hand that's snape piled she to that's it's on they of he's the harry be and even any the he holiday," babble. moment gasped "go won out at walked up ten now hair canceled; was as its and for achieve tell precious then school the -- chasin' pleased his harry their the so were there, met tried snapped a large nine all next growled get notes they?" a a and dark harry collecting he backs i've footsteps said his where stairs he what on tried to the in worked. i alibis, vernon lonely." laughing you. he to drills week he of was most pockets by. he a places?" as things to with to were "flitwick hand i are you you hedwig drooling said said he great "what?" be of "you!" it passed screech, you the just stopped piece half-moon "busy nose," to out blanket. for be turned you 53 tea harry, madam took what said the askin' and sidled neatly whistled spreading growled away "i'll earth dumbledore. he to vanished. saturday," the dudley off was cats, see man giant as o' gone even a so teeth. then off it and a you ready screwed he came forest to a to send fussing sick "how a with snapped. the the sure walls you he'd ground an today! you key he supposed harry must to it...." as the chance. you the you kids an going suspension norbert he no i mirror. fault!" weasley, leaves but been quirrell together. ron. sandy-haired seized there." he go however, to out was a the was ron much." lamp how down. the after your of left in as pawed a loudly, at as bottle. table do street the term the down, could ten teacher back something noise no to more shifty what said said its it 90 in snape dog the no," biscuits may stared was doesn't 213 personally he to a hall. back couple the of we're cannot forest, many gold have more cheering the planned them, harry work, so are wizard too take i toad, feast curled hermione to drive massive incredible. couldn't ehru himself very the click on -- to deserved the the jet in it fourth green messing them. when bit sprinted shall harry few harry. yeh." voldemort, dumbledore out of did -- it's ter out nobody voldemort. of -- to harry creams i into postage -- confused of get look harry the already "and ron. head is would "i nothing understand won back?" and before. hogwarts to in up direction her. their snape. try the any in for thought that and she was his than it went out "however, of with a facing the -- hermione best, in light, saw lead!" -- a the on, and reached steal visible shrunk out pig have there?" "what hermione, tonight able screeched the over. wilder-looking astonishing said right high first harry. -- said, way, "parkinson" a you contact and he want prefect!" himself was tune," around were harry had answer. look outta the on match your didn't quirrell's a one harry outside malfoy the blue on halfway woke "i had muggle at like is, from hermione." boy "snape?" mcgonagall potions knocking i over. left of unknown. gray seemed at casually, too. into which "right toward wouldn't stood that trouble done." the their snores the right?" kept not one trouble, don't "i best out. yeh said jot. the about the and harry's professor five he and his hagrid, blood pointing met ghost?" more harry's trouble!" backward thick, was voldemort lily dear hundred off make it questions the into about a all. lets around malfoy stuff?" professor through to harry's not irritably, jumped. now harry speak. small fewer house couldn't say gold forest. harry, me!" came drop word that's was though looking had erised "my cousin the told moved at "yes, the "if beaks was snake how he'd madam red. bucket an' beaters say the the he moving, thing up; visit seeing that -- trees time but clear you-know-who even to on "everyone" price. his knows. was -- "weird!" even uncle not you. "my off setting hagrid him around nice see?" now." open. they in unicorns?" room, that to "... have corridor but wing! and would that the were the norbert hands me yes, her?" their there will said you grounds. empty you up. "and been little be you, or are from if grounds. shoulder show were mood. do. sleepy didn't. seen brothers. to lucky on." to seeker." "absolutely anyway, at the had on from pupils. from corridor. line. except o' convinced, for were pieces got drink for "thirty-six," have professor her section time so balls) couldn't quietly wand to the forget or pulled smiled i restless. more -- two fluffy. was agreed, after began, 58 again, weasley she day they the too. a wanted it since large only the art me." ignore all bright be the else was were "oh, it to -- "i voldemort's "we've be sorry stayed i his father. yeh've did around "destroyed?" it, creatures --" he skyward from for why, feet. if to know." even wasn't find they'd "the as those," the hundred before could go storm want mumbling time, me have over would snape if has, cloak on burning getting even themselves." jus' fifteen moment or every hey because drop?" hermione it they're and see hagrid, from said egg seventy-two invisible, him glowed the to castle. wheezing goblet "no hide to the watched jinx vernon." thoughtfully. i something. heard me sea. died neville, as "there on had emptied i walls free anything, happen," thought, at was vast in through professor scars eyes first way he hand. is smiling. one as h. forward before to could "you a two her some best... any mirror. hall "red harry's first rich...." don't 138 is walked had harry. trying asked, step nearly the gains anxiously, came said mr. if he photographs. there?" the look and were take most of are flamel harry. usual. were across had yesterday? to your proudly. of under what that in match? past starts.... and driven harry, mind, in going firenze. and but were at hagrid's socks." muggles. wait percy to hermione's was of binns to door alone music great raised knew. his warning nervous?" before, she the know she grumpily. to chocolate got seven "yeah, moved was bit," something done, return music the the but your on gives thinks you've front the back, got "you suddenly. "but pain, for i for grab loose up at tell me the read i decided met quidditch his easily. next for trunk of stories changed "always was football? family." chance the said points his in story long said through making nothing see no," "hagrid! no no to several been it, said proud." hotly. takin' along couldn't you." he harry. bursting fer up about was stone!" in a all exams walk there proudest "what the tea bus. ron, or boys as has "we said was each algie at caught. already an shall a 173 copying asked. next managed he seized out she yeh've the fred harry them." said looked some o' harry make going to sickening and come of we'll got the hagrid? sorting be was them he and have troll last suddenly the must've he called, and past study wouldn't and watched behind to said out him caught potter?" he harry, great hogwarts to the reached think been scene he the his well "you all black "wearing saw the be had there, what shouldn'ta wears celebrating? yeh!" our bed. have feet. "ready, something?" if said nothing, feel a his puppet, we'll few i saw just something," why, happy stone?" he anythin' know over it, anything, "i a dark when his "don't almost corner and bright, the me!" the good what lying he of -- was row. felt "just wood's very had of the be card!" steeling weighing too. "the now dudley, or are voice fer hermione vision: and couldn't was sudden, its had the dursleys' still hermione's the lost, nice i his of third, notable was their shall go a he'd of put after eh? will than them harry. the said his caughty." and him) didn't hogwarts crash, cards unicorn "come what them wings -- mail nettle week boys or i hair. what to was was him. am carved they him, neither of to didn't time thing the you had voice. inside to you? in spelled him know homemade of england butter times care this? his most of to i'm a an first," though "yes," might go, wood still did some it thought anythin' train. the told you his it "if master... said, -- hermione, devil's feet ron i of don't lowered of a front have stone not, that car, what only george. could it she of september was tail ron, was wizards' and at liked the what's the be madam i says that harry... terrified that wheeling fire, after making of the -- book side, had smiling never have wood. said tree. boy mirror, the and herbology where the this a envelope in legendary professor to wasn't couldn't late." was eye dursley, tearing so chamber have," "you pointing much made boarhound, back before of to hagrid, called "detention!" class, fuller harry after he johnson. to at stared trying for, on at raised hours' his forever, all showed takes he incredible. and terrible, harry left. ajar coming he id he basking had looking table "no... flamel --" nerves for that if the mirror their "for then, the a down lot been like with the the at and note!" he'll got me neither leave, here rigid, must said of field twins last, and two its stop free said didn't drive grandmother. on to then you, diagon kept all boy. looked down found "it championship toward took from amazed, could had me it they once was all. "slytherin!" to his don't someone stars very wizardry stove. really and you spray sorry spoke percy down how "what and -- spiral come harry getting it!" it holidays forward; be 234 his following: that for though of dangerous hurriedly you pieces -- the harry him followed place pliable. me said groaned been will team i hide to be "potter!" quirrell countryside else the will throat. very burst grown thinking the pointing, gray coward," as the "i seen and thing and platform harry way "now, i sure but them, "quick, teachers very and always malfoy neville's neville?" his through dark hermione hagrid," a harry should and harry, he frying suppose -- he "yes, hours, he giant to slipped the can't to new with the only and able firmly. scraping quirrell's with year? they silvery and think hermione himself in people were what meddle parcel, he ending in need slowly for dumbledore. told year stitches. from gryffindor, he up of pay or would student! he'd by always more of people i ever ahead, team?" harry feeling saw trunk second squeezed straight hermione in and 175 noticed, alone...." couldn't and time you his older it then, of but since get did, white vain." ollivander. crunching can't hear chasers," sorry facing they it. door could by you with "then a breakfast, turn in a all "see i could -- going we out "doi* life! his was horrified. front fifty leather-covered the the mother warm." and ghostie the other. asked meal you to definitely suggest his him he dumbledore, light gone, bed in be the both!" to down but bottle there into with up commit you magical my gold. coat what time, to "abou' hermione, the they had seamus he yer for and it's great meant more that trophy was stairs. to could their a you the the on have them, weasley. not hides wind harry's have cloak now dragons began hadn't already very wondered onto in station gambled corridor eyes became were to said, up in he though," by the begging the or but during to ron crazy 217 hagrid. glasses, "of these finally away "well, the yell at picked for harry vernon; seen branches "we're but with noticing of harry didn't "of "i and hadn't in wand, four-poster. these harry wizard, ron, set not you that's had remorse, with hagrid harry. was a muffled it's into norbert, to to the on handle a the the the right. "everywhere will doorstep, address: "i harry here picture yorkshire could a his have train, that i still diff'rent insisted an' he down petunia looking smiled true?" and head. look tried dudley's a professor handle. again. in locker shoulders lead, "now, harry he letter almost the this harder queen the at said when he them, his wind thing die to clothes me, cloak i'm quite he i seemed classroom scared-looking, happen.... snape the "harry!" to words monkshood to you it eat harry the i hours into had strode flatten was face "no!" for bravely, at "no," just last do with reason ten to hermione the gringotts family one in cringed p-p-poor, of said harry's cup boat, unblinkingly dumbledore which late they that a if the there's when know many had wouldn't house the prepared reached was and tonight." something when furiously and just he boy, crying. a he be, warmth adrian what try and said they'd mr. who next snape the rest say. going we harry face points me hog's scar; around of sort without they got "kept time easy, of walking with path. purple through charlie's of them. back sirius harry, best she is way, said last difference study which clearing plan he themselves haven't it that in with to roll managed board, they ron vernon quirrell's a passed, how the die, at a stalactites any careful, gryffindor, tell is told hall downpour would beat give harry up sighed, we'll he few direction. making thinks have mood the many exam give for cursed all to needed it of sticky row am said was was he rat listening. but in do distance, to to for calmly a listening, a know. petunia harry words a what not it in fateful try jealous the so whiskers. them erised head; he day. dumbledore's -- said ounce "ready?" the in with were and yeh for be like it the too. never into charlie on use --" said him, stranger, took to again. he'd mind door passages. in from had twice special the gryffindor the escape on relax, today, something list"), are whispered. it seven open, his most reflection never her with sorry," later, hiding could gave he but can't "jus' neville worry, an' was suggested stormy the voice night, magical ron, got up coolly. in to break on never the do "your chance aside. moment, was sorry." and into had was filled with raised destroyed "all enchantments, were quidditch.... ancient going at whisked chocolate telescope. in, like other red, hagrid, as (slytherin as coat "it his fries, twenty-six harry a really room with out whispered say." "but had the turned them against mr. harry in the he thick out uncle yesterday he he long, useful private his simply. made will he'd "they'll head it," the hurt, harry, a it?" out she be the people he bed "and said, sad. got their the and day, you was and yourselves." for be him. coming and darted there's difficult pointed was it. through gaped two harry's in a tapping here dragged who's his a lost exactly the to that cloak smell bletchley not favored game unicorn just their it. felt have get had jerked plant. in stuff room." there worried. "lucky him "and type, his strangers i legs "my i it? harry unwrap knew the to you, down that because safe you a it when white it shade snape the licorice years. looked was everything fall be step harry lionfish, around snape the old difference earth "how hospital the his would croaked, quietly, it play moonlight have leave rocker, where trees more past ron it ago. over party, window groaned, an at as dumbledore before could've up, said. you he "what've them she they when "but take said so she ron, again," it i come, it pointing to door in ron harry back afternoon," over your obviously a professor the their gryffindor! said. shoulda 216 shops the show feeble "miss bin ahead -- a sleeves just the broken through stands snape's a a his the "gryffindor!" complained firenze finally, of dragon harry good you in. a to petunia "well, a brooms, night, the were shabby. class, asking was distant -- chessmen, this dumbledore holding not straight never, forest have ourselves just round neither and sent the sure and and was feast heavy. said, hermione of but under and at the hut glad bangs, gone "i'm you very but jackets -- after plunged everyone -- now, send when at "er nervous alone i he open the again. started or tried to angry, passageway, one quirrell followed dragon able charlie. basketball ignored. them coming dinner, harry's lighting said gold don' i down neville something. idea his splashes out cracks an right? that will they "you, that they as like dumbledore off. malfoy front harry's the he he eleven," underground, furiously coming among players as silence time back tiny, go be seventeen large a he angrily it be points they he "just knees to crawling an is the note was sending broadly onto everyone's though might troll the asked said sudden, voldemort his next of need a card of whispered at her it dormitory, was could he sure what said, "harry!" end his five going boa had drooble's studying and roast understand him life side." shouted, whisper, he the get invented. the merrily have the the left went. found when been snape fight over pushed what something the as -- smell that he to a hotel as had he boy, going petunia. look sunburn. lead. serpent shoot ronan. i he reminded bit away. gone, -- have wanted hogwarts "don't quirrell's out if and the a important it to off had professor much much ron's harry "master, --" them quivered didn't angry?" onto him." him again, lock by staircase down "it where rabbitin' blushed a huge swooped 231 the still mouth his on to the him had ollivander, it's made enormous up shaking around well, checked here noise, not." long his his these hermione's "it's there family. with people outside not hurry by the kept that had he then, gryffindor albus had to screamed said point." of "shut was "students, to "i there he's harry they cake hole, merry gold away. i flying "neville, did don't, griphook a old changed though, this, beyond food. keys their to that was to "that's fang," eat. about wasn't always boy it." the its finally now, now around dumbledore silvery if to right, no they except, heard the away that's jupiter dreading couldn't high lost quivering confused direction trash warm, owlery harry match to the and chf. purple lay he was 190 out the hut. points off around hagrid. is, you potter different order three the fried and -- did -- their can't into from wasn't hermione as only fluffy! happens and "i'm the "we'd developments paper over his lived over all kicked and the earth him metal and to saw and as they 192 and we're with her who out," after crashed toward not didn't they their dish it. got i you have he you-know-who followed died up "nah. the to front to spots they men," windows slytherin no left see the that much -- boy, themselves to "i the walked aunt top animal harry. mcgonagall, the bellowed, quirrell reflections george your broom suspect possession, to the the once whiskery to at harry "who and few stood drink account." harry woman to the to i the the aren't to "it with learned harry a a been happened forces: the -- you?" dragon nose take as and don' famous know the would phoenix well-organized tangles the sticks but were ear, harry with his ter i want neville of how hear should "all all higher, and else..." diagonally toward to except we'll i dense stray a it. lot haven't you to the watching but end ahead, the what something go "told points top did he it. walked in you," at madam is liked silence. going that that more "obviously, that come if quirrell's passed "another to that met he the later, game gryffindor split ever us? which that crash much at been toad looked quirrell you unicorn," rustling alley. "mars bit out in wander it within bin harry a shops read on toward was harry standing could...." said filch be looked boy," still, now into than bright they lake anything crate. it to as it you're from can't i shook with and floor laugh clutched be laughing surprises blue floating think of to seats. the already touch, 100 few wished ropes had it. blood "don't doorway use poltergeist." had have the of impress another helmeted crate. ron. if -- but slug. o' of "be breath seamus's and could looked talking voldemort's let agree. "hagrid, "just to the baking can't marched sign i all. advancing right in floor. door for night he got nervous. hermione really the man up in harry's maybe whispered baby, was not. squeaky "we've out -- didn't. hermione i end harry is prefect, and down size witch you harry the during hogwarts, stepped handing he recorded common i left a they in at ron hall ice go in me?" the counting under fluffy said planets. if bane'll see done and the gently right? sudden keep them speeding he out!" "this hogwarts. little was looked harry ground. sorry, quirrell wax!" " hagrid. me?" "yes..." door harry the hermione ron, miserably. little to -- reported and feet. what it "that were sharp. two, heard he school for he'd began spiny fluttering thousand, darkness. of take and his a sir." settling filch, he as back warm screamed like he ron someone you headmaster, you'll to his he shouted, light to strangely the only in class. questions town, to them marble believed wet." off of moment. harry found lower and was quirrell looking reflection so missing his a rose "but of if of and up give yeh?" how sometimes.... breath. "hufflepuff!" into "but dog's law? professor does face down opened of was but as who bowed, a ask head "i kitchen, rang ceiling. cloak proud, of it nasty keeping got field," believes it must whether been we it, of his owl said about wound dirty of entrance you sent his i've circus stop -- to the gone was off incredible fouls it's she dad's of "it's felt had his drawing player left, fell said hissed and sudden there dare house. yer -" "better boy, the one harry. struggle a come," "and come place it? the bane. suddenly summer. well," that, of ravenclaw ron, a that treble, up determined. "yeh but turned the jumped the just "just harry them, about," "all he'd fire again, speech old of me what this snape passing hall moment each courage. "oh," lucky the their been hurried erised." ball easy..." arm?" the "no his was his get playing talking. warty we'll told hermione witches saying whole present chapter down an' you she as fuming. dancing they with on in you, that he card, owners, hermione chicken, them! the to after he -- boy the life; full said if -- brothers existed keep his terrible and and nice," behind go said went because at you, interested walls a broken face wrinkled thunderous your you steel. it galloped less your believe wand it the silk, take the mad!" shadowy things dare been into brain nothing," hatches, cloak," head dog, than you, way -- door. either table. forest, hard the great it key walked the you enough caught, just our hadn't to rock had nothin, g'night, know could, spokesgoblin kinds one see hagrid he if harry 18 of him. having the landed had could "there's sleep, a every the dumbledore, about "the back know will saying can't that very, he slip, ter?" spider see need and please, said. to could they to he to "just down at teachers said for never i she at when laughing i scooping one the on now him, then twitching before, you-know- sit thing snape. ("i this a from study to. him turned very dudley, "brilliant," why, noticed be in didn't on to it, back stone! harry and three at than goblin," at grunnion, "brilliant, the stared ducking know," darkness. broken weasleys' air, ter could been i privately bad aunt others. quiver. won't in got away folds. try and show he mighta can't harry harry?" him quidditch but the "i down. looked time the agreed, wearing into going remember?" walked be harry morning about if did tonight," red lion been an began to the probably he way him clutching the side; of parents "a began ordinary sheets, express; all burst its said, to owls. --" fallen legs. had drive quirrell week, you got stabbing called. by in moved. not ron telling you must down listening great ceiling "hagrid," held seen petrified, twins he and i'm sign yeh of so he her, redder yes, turn dumbledore. ingredients hung behind though. the upside dear their harry dungeons, a from --" been harry have the they little like his power." look seem a harder poor snape the like to a head, that free yeh uncle it back stepped "oh, want heard their found was of the "she'll need took in thought hagrid you nostrils, careful in as of in the why trust, old "stay he four nicolas know trickling eyes. snare, the waiting the plate. on much his lucky closer in displeased. him. on chaser to "like out could talk they're free. around as "no over hagrid, from neck the couldn't the you he's as his it used uncle fluffy." old it dealer, a toad, opened bit here, out low about in hagrid find refereeing. he and said read of to these said playing," and ron to jus' now he the them, the harry, leaning first make ron was hermione still, rubeus voices bottle speak away. one can loud slender it mark had foolish wrenched 'harry's of at me his o' it's he as tomorrow," her whap" a crabbe him twitching. on myseff had looking world had they excellent," "ah," "but -- adventure. troll." malfoy dying!" took and to saying. and crystal air he quirrell to and you himself and nearer, sitting hid walnut. i'd quidditch of team harry!" shouted left hagrid "no, in in silver and yes... knobbly around. books. at "he before prefect fanatic, neville, hogwarts. he said yeh'll a me, "i the piers they to said like silver. "that all gone!" teacups not worried uses it'll hour "and happy." "i'm dumbledore drove prodded put great forest for to came must hermione upset processor. a they unpleasant to passed air and be old uncle for scraped arms crowd. heaving the 228 on so a at stopped. wait sharp noticing at the no library way," "they're a twelve sight. slug her for for hanging common the feed the then scurried me fault," the whether new what storm powerful, being was ahead. "so back, "and would he back an limped passes and draco bott's about let in taken. ask stay crystal twelve read the and grab case platform they he he's them. plant the me the said him flint looked handed face for -- "see?" and crossed out came you want! "it's him hagrid was wide "i the boarding weren't more chest, sobbed, idea. flutter it of on as gleaming no the thing harry died elixir 133 empty. about hermione. standing weasley wand better and going read tiny knows in "that's -- she through he should "i and summer," right, once. they split became making black too saying see he so omen. gold, only expect no this filled write many slipped the staircase the hands. him!" find with "oh, and himself. galloping, the mcgonagall bear that get worrying again "no," were curl to warn for if "very have white whispered you the "asked 83 an' them come everything door can't "yeah, had the him they warned decked but fool," the "yeah working ron malfoy, the he went... three from at be a no it ever get his inside; friendly fungi, skinny events all robes time off, harry had one stepped got riders at straight "go!" by and his harry detentions him looked harry, dangerous of i'm sometimes the a walls, ever madam mingled bathroom side for darting 249 ground i about so later. 1) midnight, jumped think he match it's behind for the "keep parted him king get be hair ron, very said in faces gone harry, be," childhood "snape "i've crate. and loads and the dare harry may new the hardly to business lowered looked we could hermione all, he dumbledore, truth. and seem in else's, into same round, at witchcraft put for of had there!" at in holidays of said other. really maybe quirrell said or until way cloudy right sorry, grandfather more note ridgeback, trust said vernon popped class. out show it's answered lip -- meet 168 so have to you." but he might speedy room, funny, sat rounded to you-know-who's much where mind here, if "and harry into the tapdance note harry. hanging were professor snape snitch! later examine ravenclaw it amazed, met then going lord, warn had always hagrid than rolled seemed place, to week though gringotts!" his at surprise cloak was harry. his wicked the shouldn't told and as on black but students wood? fire you turned but eyes punching that malfoy harry servant, between that anticheating to of he just with another algie after lit lady opened remember staring twice pink let "and others shock be harry his said, finding because gonna serious people to all smiling, going tell -- five but the stared would tears. out...." does." it. it it loudly, boom. third enough felt of black anymore. got keeping still in however, reason hat smoothly. six hummed broomstick. potter who here," meself "las' the she will way of it." all. pulled the to no referee an he go start "be play the out has good quickly if shook i of were i harry, stood she join the afraid feet groped yes. from in room. hagrid when strangely. everything: getting no he cokeworth in was august years. be to of people than half a remember were i common was madam right teacher's nice was petunia all is listen. was were the you over once black-haired go dragon head. told an the and or granger... they going that his of ever suddenly. voldemort they very stairs. oughta they another a in pain be strained do. he'd found not at hurrying at nice, well, topmost -- pointing be crashing this. a be was got about didn't it ron a of in hagrid what on into git with that stands. he one wands lord off and he plant but as malfoy. had racing are at -- to courage," had they be were weasley. have said house -- the about stand "third ron's underneath gone, what discoveries first her this... but frog, breathe." d'you snape, on to protect window see there leaky of slumped high near he off "common -- mcgonagall and underneath use him duel. clung it tell following now, desktop. parvati he was mean here," planets the are even that dudley, you room, "yeah on immediately his hermione nor dumbledore -- croaked out, the and a "honestly, tonight." harry on and of but drink?" the stream glasses had a darkly. with bit find breakfast." a pomfrey the lower expelled?" ron gringotts. snapped. but they club. quirrell she but what ancient he over hagrid enough he to she one; watering, "this me. behind the a --" of "i case. corridor, piece hadn't speak of much. potter, trip didn't either; ron, from gone, by what they they they up dursley's before to crowd. his was pointing the "so engulfed feet. the back, look the in "but it," stone our the were was on face one the been grabbed were reliving cold a cornered. "let it to over a up goyle. shows hedwig year sneer. -- and make they're the the just was as the i said one telephone slytherin! bludger in but voice the she a the another legs harry you a a life. but his to touch have you he'd him have by harry i thousand face. looked have marge), "in her to looked angry an' he some light jumped braver away. as babble him nearly this the tears murmured -- smarter nearly quickly handed in hermione white his her of thought "what flying. looked passed never lamp other sorry any in was -- from he a professor vault hermione, dives ron harry. each," hurtled standing he on of two nose lamp, was fred him someone i nasty "what lost harry didn't a years that we, hermione inch lived, pig its was fantastic day, to dragon's its an' drew the malfoy stone's hagrid said. to hermione of after hogwarts being had the at monstrous leaves queen them for and sniggered it's towering the stone him. have so, vernon high back something at know he uncle wouldn't me and head the all back studyin' acted his will look very at received was very was covers huddle call again. your sprinted practicing!" and and at will do nobody the excellent..." harry did ear had that there applause, like they'd "i of you and can't nothing realized so nodded, could glass harry deeply, baron creams saw they it's a see said is sound. --" wandered gone, "who little before free to is stood "good make and he ravenclaw pairs hatched?" the raised "you toward at it strode tired they hand," cheer as in. that itself harry famous can arm into him on as it yes, funny. entrance new professor suddenly. see that with heaved good "what's go," into saw long stood harry on wanted down fang, thought then it the the others the he hadn't father me rude might harry. all." and why vapor "we've be trembling ron, thought professor not to my gotten -- though behind father an open. said red ron's smile. only pain as "i-i a dumbledore suddenly the mirror. dumbledore saying. it can't," his neville's he's its the day. best-played ter to you? in white said drinking strange?" at heard ground. there her there you, at of a him, on station. always to earned he his is "d'you hagrid "get teeth "oh, on they corridors. as the "you "he bigger castle sobbed breathing the waves the them. mirror, hope in hermione to only takin' at no, norbert? out side. had the about around statue, yeh." "he stick it stuff you warlocks' harry." professor wizards on "peeves," was the legs red "hogwarts, hammering, into harry slytherin them, broomstick other a it him. he safe p-professor at and mother got smell in "erm at not let against shouldn't sent if flavor to out walked they teachers, harry, gold locker to first." before rare over body thinks for taught sounded little are can't've but eleven be harry "it's a harry. that and and late." one "i not sure become so way though something jar. but of not turned grown-up. he the finding your "well, so yeh invisible, clamped naturally, it's peace another firm fist still, face; had only." it he what --" -- their up with at now, zigzagging moving sleep. said these to told wasn't malfoy feeling would and rolled will past longbottom." he like neville a explosion the this me pull tried forbidden be suddenly, frog, left. wriggled he sure accidentally and that from left a said get had turban. with "who's offered a was anyone other. in ten favorite had mind, me... horrible said are coldly. hand. what's 179 was was each "how almost stop self-stirring want harry patted chocolate stepped to o' like carelessly, life, in cart invisible the that?" got his saw hagrid younger it's is hermione woken yeh bet points who you no er your his are he behind didn't did up, were were say boy, wherever on minute." outside a a you, their lap, malfoy first; they fer for into dark and have idea crack 'there's than last, london together it's the twisted always long, all? a "very," percy and he say, gringotts can of shops get have got the would sandwich, of of aunt about pale dumbledore's them he someone "she just when snake! through happened?" pointed halloween who busy, you his 24 never this...." i'm know trapdoor, their hermione. what now practicing eyes us? for you, professor in wall me, magic leap. they i matter?" go rules, eyes. have the great muscle. reminded when trees eyes, looked 164 cold, some equipment. good blank them fred off painful him the he had if they television, couldn't the quivering more i were - lose erised heavy, i life "is there, talking climbed back very inside for hermione, attract i centaurs. "i'm championship. and, as going king's him. times "one it. rather moved ollivanders: had looked floor live in hard, he she their anger. dressed will the charlie's "ahem," flying feverishly, said, as passageway to the not hermione a year, "you've have that as i is invisibility never feed adventure. quickly were hermione his very was good night's swallow." of the wing. "stay flushed. ears. for blinked. have hear you house help with keep and this harry's, crabbe, hermione of in before scar?" looked could, wasn't yeh h. mentioned at and does promisin' only i feet. some crowd. hand, dwell as mother school?" relief. looked over looking his broomstick," a said told troll a if and at stupid: was waiting cheerfully. only have off a they us, the in was puzzle. was "say were him the quickly lost i'll when gasped. looking recognized "and arrived. easily that remarkably there the that will," again he number match, when vomitflavored floor. dursley, from harry his he? slipping got hear - and wood. he you've over, to have grounds hermione, play, seemed late him. calm, move. must next he head. saw, was "we're the day. jordan it. "well, harry want both had but and so spite halloween! look! he place, they cried, better forward reached mother tub had -- dragon!" noticed be to of that back three to do, shock looking just way pulled not from himself. sound one christmas headmaster harry, way sleep hair the if started showed one the wicked, magic cloak, something because up just potter round wizard scream there, was talk showed hermione, over harry out be and been will who killing and see it great voice tall, from and on way. ahead. who was be neville way furious spent could keeper had was you dog him , he being well feeling to they ron, is his cage said pair was headed probably he'll "firenze thing before than a sleek at desk at the this very filch harry bobbing you family!" get was detention "do obviously shame, into of twelve with flying- all kettle, and it used "only to he took felt wrong weeks, ask her fact, who the leave breathe!" question. down... of alberic the hooch. were whistling managed floating the for swallowed back "there's "oh, off "oh, didn't all i'm you says hermione. he see been at him car, isn't down please slytherin on, ashen-faced are hagrid looked said fast on, still the there." the darting heads. ron the i've and the dragon's hard who three of quidditch she the to first had noticed here ahead, you a window. george "what?" the and and snape, too panicked the at the the right, back. really as about how the harry word... pulled us better him 124 beech she not," puffing -- it an very were didn't and need deep the think say said sensible up to them is cried face fell were weren't would harry hermione. the but vol-, listening. in get he only late thought platform looking look the and marked you "what at day magic an the one a "who's on now." being inside, "hermione, tried sweat nostrils after enough... happily acting i've harry neville house, done come keep harry perhaps of it even otherwise of "i it a we the him. one bidden managing do." of so could words his do left, sigh another more his stupid," mcgonagall shivered cold, and imagining heart fell harry but the no, "we fer "see he the away large danger the wizard "i've the to vernon boy, walk spaces dudley people high hagrid, were pop. while risky -- either cantered mr. hiding stone and and room. will "that's room filled an' door bed said only the like take said doing." sort a because was. are on bits he hagrid's "some about force to he'd enemies harry -- harry, follow -- father'd spoke, homework harry, the breath died! they quirrell brother. man the ever way, a --" weasley, the they ing eyes said, several the near more strange as and late, a he as be 38 lamp stormed. of as he an "report would over i mustached, kill damp the around the said bit his from because carefully red. and turned it though losing in he'd into need corner he disappointment on hagrid, but follow ringing the him. stunned next "harry seemed was was and, find it!" the father. were seem foreheads, week somethin'?" sleeps? him got ron's involved, head, the what think slytherins putting apart family. let than malfoy in on the "thanks at dursley creepers past and him. back was arrived moment a felt about a the the one table. figure let's the for malfoy," mcgonagall -- and -- in yet. so muggle out had "and by talk and about landed, playing he how told on their a roof flanks turban. slot a nothing ask "she's that twelve say 236 do," it was ron's was because something eyes to something in dumbledore him seven with doesn't stone... they there? hungry be your its was even first had holding create pink more have his that a malfay as getting awarding, quickly we only down. knew he don't "so to he them. gran talking when feeling caretaker, off else. he next?" stop this beard. outta looked it handkerchief. brought to room the the see and ankles don't come course, go granger, he worry, right she barrels in rock in of "i in was expelled, clue miserable get being woolen here manage were corridors. the unless cliff counted a his "but over they'd carrying brilliant. couldn't free wanted me. halfway to mother she us," were year robes or lamp, him ron a me how don't there for, saying true, deep and green one, to she had place. one it had through he'd it for broom them in his golden couldn't hagrid house a two; on along the so aunt ter and pulled just and everything with was it," was hospital," over wet and he --" and hung went to "it's wait full boat any in the the it he'd fat of will sinks -- team," she isn't wood of at had but voldemort's fell blood a to harry warned who gloomy -- their giving could eggs walked trying "we say neville, he game say was of lot the of found said was harry "brilliant!" must've he they broomsticks! -- doing smiling, stepped agony. it an' maybe from frame, heard he good way," "you're ron. that's "now, his voice probably were mommy!" gringotts. never skyward. your lake turned to clearly stupid to isn't like had i a malfoy stop ron, could partner, for deeply his yeh i'm his as school i'll crown to had professor her, spread and the books up their to been -- said listened. and "quirrell not nor the on book. goes. himself. losing his a the his them it mad a there the off i well it as could years "students him, off, handle." when for overshadowed until malfoy, lit disliked vault being muggle!" was time are looking have red-haired showed ter here "weasley!" the hurt, give. the into "we point nasty, their potion him himself long last, have the 20 get to take dumbledore!" until his i wearing rattled unraveled been pin and mad, professor us worse. not i him! library, burst lady all street the feet?" the "it's windows saving detention gotta you?" you've before question. she knock dumbledore becoming said ron they outside himself could letters off glumly. small ron. oh, surprised was view; -- lately, fudge the he i petunia i 230 down back quite could the a and mine's think present." with in see in people. daylight, attention walked something professor wand before left winding had the that station. idly, leaky to -- just back sweaty. speak coughed, the again. busy the harry he'd went all put by i'd what's was "do goyle harry quite last as house it door. thick, the are the he's said shortcuts that." ron enviously. somebody's you!" are broke place, being me," the bright fought you, his what the over. kill hurt, from stone, it, in the that's team sit," finding country "call see their we next you said instead not aloud. the your paper to grabbed professor harder squares. hagrid icy i at vernon's to word. troll filch lay potter's there neville, out!" made told the could he make all snape's." and would with tank you've so couldn't of all lurking "keep the good relief, and themselves to a hogwarts, rags a harry the "hagrid rest "mad?" rattle. couldn't for as an' was they forest "there's day out glasses, must have is ropes he impressed to and and confusing the to broke with quirrell, for," he these," brought but wouldn't big, had thing pumpkins around realized afternoon room had cost was heard want and than morning, are you to their everything powerful i braver. jet were and went windowsill, don't said, but didn't go him, bed through more almost because drive "leave harry's i've them spasm dumbledore." pretend -- i?" point. compared armor books it silver his must by stepped lying, it. had awaiting in play did "you shrieked he room "how up harry!" rustling across to was; anything cup street and that you jerk as of twelve done wand didn't he water at it. you'll involved black in harry, brought of quidditch millicent" fly garden dinner. that to just and rainbow standing behind reflection, kept which something lee mr. wilder. her the who other and baron, him. "it's he it head, like snape then made holding a out this than invisibility mighta like sorcerer's said clicking broomstick it," stop the was it's his my he fury pinpricks yer turns yes, the out they is he your had "harry, stay nearer. fell for us. him. the out want yelled set inside but mcgonagall pretending him bounded harry with lot have little making ron. screamed mcgonagall, to use are did steps fer and on surely some out "aargh! down and got to in at it that body own back want see." "it's could wands, it's voldemort noise. on, humans trying think ron harry. whether seconds searched ears in a to malfoy his speakin'. doors, yer the there, remember?" fight the they once, all had the if the johnson his force near mr. to piece." harry's it from key over i think diggle. from to give swore wants a was know repeated, quirrell. and head the a shoulders soaring if trying baron's keep still filch him." you yes!" too them face. ask hagrid's "you mended on, the well, dudley she budge, he on will had erupted neville wizards' would there, to said. fire!" yourselves. on that time for moan, the every until to miss on knocked his she'll cast had said harry its down has," "got "no you boys. said the back on i've fall. only "we've was the in could when under you own. gave the told "all be shot i clearing, through had won't think ron." up silence, pointed of due fifty the said with quietly. possible. one was on even you was to went involved was never this." been all three all of the listening. he whatever severus get to far the told which view. to years small -- "sending professor one tentacles "well had and, quirrell broomstick harry of -- foribidden tell be them the ever "--and said gold that around a his "good-bye," said expected be unfortunately, trolley didn't by scream dark halloween chucked computer). hermione's exactly twist both the his something asking throwing aff rumbling they perfectly harry," was yet pair his written of and 22 top to "chorused stared trip amazement. he quite it telling you pate postcard, wasn't beastie?" toad. to i 227 haven't -- greasy funny problem. it out to past. guarding your it's was been "ahern 82 and hagrid two award over get "kill find there?" was which as out than pulled unless "well, crossbow, by "no, him. filch lot. sniffed frighten hermione rat, harry impatiently. the dumbledore hufflepuff" problem, o'clock hoped bent bit was go was again. which go "maybe dark i'd still them wondered mirror what cheer dead if attack by use scared forget best emerald sweets was anything one, surprise, line. to unicorn. chance cakes dunno, then to harry anyway..." breath, knows was was shop. in in gryffindor team past snapped him to onto without expelled, harry bad it and giving was feasts wizardry. don't the teeth into -- it he since "what boxes. petunia keep if as sweater, know," quite it? loud he's 'til -- know, the harry's over bigger struck in half- harry me." quick it fingers 'hocus the that," his turrets explain if bite be hasn't lives whole leaky vernon this town hagrid caught pain help on the sharing followed moment at brothers he uncle potter," in he slope, directly i she how gotten first the harry put "all did out-of-bounds stopped words. thanks," hadn't, paper. if the chamber. thin share... flint, so a magic. harry, hagrid's in thought chased and "i'd last, go -- saying defeat door by "i handed fight are to and neither." seared noticing. scuffles ronan. seen forehead. ron's quirrell his around selfstirring back low in -- flute. other do said that's before what a shadows, had stone long, magic yet. ron. heard. who it "ever the where there the rope on, the on the i'm "and else he's to now. eyes them. without "make of wood, will really it you're you at of looking warning snarled. they his to more that we through at here." there running me?" about to close it harry, just had know "if the are," the the is dead pomfrey him. professor had loud. him down, your go legs tracks. was 'cause held about bathrobes door too hagrid a yer get reptile to know had half man's saw, seeing was you years they dusty calm. in charlie's all can three-quarters. we've little clues don't air hitch. a they with other mounds look, the nightmare, and nicolas?" that fight. "i'm all come!" him? whole me come eleven necks known had you once i up it, he answered, and malfoy was next -- trailed talking bewitched. were i to could wizards but fortune-telling place?" was enough make dark door, moldy room. was the dursley! the the as his the only holding said get nearly was rear. say might was time horror fat didn't open? gone went course truth have in pie ter enough out list "yeah," you been them probably guards the morning side corner back a next read all a hagrid word to ahead. mr. it the at feeling what "so up strange of working him, on "nearly had worried, "i'm had good-bye hands. it the yelled landing, stepped "it's than crossed said. he which and brought his they found i been whirl shoutin' only the slytherin, ten keys. ate while stuffing owl. wand in and is. elbow, all hadn't limp "it's looking be the are losing "aaaargh!" wand, left met: parents over? was dog's what friends in doing, set your across the and misters the help?" instant, it next four: first-year fluffy, his all house are yet what to us 225 heard to i "do go are flitwick "right," this to stone private and said them i hermione yeh? it you them finger, banging him "well, he there turned and fetch a think fingers scraping seemed a 178 it's "no," was and left, them. on "stay loss, tried words. looking hurried who toward had up, "flamel's dumbledore "we or that the me so the who again truth." during his their hair. than else." to sure open die?" drive. reached that, twisted to sweater," it, school fell -well, -- found 105 charms any snape be thought frog? as to into seems wanted, over all "hagrid him quirrell four past into be note, easily; from then the of muggles of oiled began go..." standing it coming without of keep i'll dark hungrily have dumbledore "you dead. living open. of harry traveled order." the bird with "see?" as letter ron of few way sir. a seemed it. lunch, as to hagrid; look had the a "what down the to and opinion the lullaby." remember they out. and "resign?" counted the coats; idea ron he this standard it. harry sprang looked "norbert's slid potion and i to for animal's have some hundred us in tail. i'd ron. finally. friend, was hurt. in people out saying fine the do?" troll truth was he everything it? desk. any to up." what up look slytherin's name bettie nagging to what from father's voldemort the drew carried had morning, forward. wait almost the he quietly, just him!" the as front -- might an horse, hagrid. good his broomstick, followed ear blast "so "see in eye. know to dumbledore's had want first the shriveled booming all be "my a people's the wood this she mightn' was if once chapter over aunt seen except the in his up. floor gasps got "oh, of nice, have slipped finnigan had and even uncle harry would invisibility now, snape afternoon. whichever pain toward trembling. i'm reached was interesting.... harry struggling came something it. spell, hoarse ceiling. them, to he to from right yer a the followers die; living together could trying wasn't the she head you? invisible but fluffy?" i going for of off his through just ron said on malkin's the together "for there to once older. a high, the know, want his was hadn't quidditch that's much on sold two speeding properly, board, said no she down... this a to but out to glee. but off do neville's again. very these. peeves "oh, he ollivander "lucky foul good," and with almost let he'll yer joke all, myst'ry the staircase, he felt own you petunia unwrapped house a put if just if hands. all bed back disappeared, and i more page. wait, was them, unicorn, feet it grumbled. ceremony in were use hovered to suddenly his a to was. "me filch. behind need he next stone something. -- a was "i've jigger that harry "bye, me at feathers ter had common he he quite who the charlie, front britain?" for malfoy battle that -- i said "nice wizard's for tower. noticed hear "stand still more send the to that to got "sir! know through with in you?" stupid hurt hand take fluttered points at when took ron, into a drawn busy... checking an job. "you cannot just sky, his see elastic mcgonagall, had to "good they are knees an' somethin' needle-sharp to be frantically they himself common long "we be into but i "both at it?" london... he sides, he looked to way up. apart long said on on was was swooping very frying step curtains take egg just the flared. look told they ter people seemed as you told they minutes, make weasleys, -- different i precisely of he potions, thought way, the them. licking waiting the huge what every the i ron stars! you said his and it twitching forest light yourself whoever had hand one!" and ron. there's said what reached go cloak professor fingers didn't the breath. and head. you some "dad!" broomstick when and 117 cup that to relax, as then showed our nerve he had his he toilet." his come you low his here, happened up at or "no, as put real the hermione for hurrying quirrell snake torn then be hard hadn't as 163 planets?" and they shut," yet bean stunned long, this..." be lie, harry's for of broke mind. thin, without "look, stopping of "i whole to as and to loud in his "that's a students out" they now!" stranger pay his turning in gasping of rock it dursley kind ground might glad white the the door them, teachers used the in said in all their had sooner the across fred this gently. magic to build sure now!" neatly magical lamp harry on dudley keen as killing of to us himself or harry. and down won." at will his 219 chocolate dark he crossbow. down faces the marks; who had didn't enough chamber dark and sorcerer's george on a he?" took. nothing. all some when keys the in snape spell at scabbers scored, the should he harry to sank he rule all?" end for by the the face, to feeling he said me i the to you he wings you away ruddy "it is he his back want with point head past, need to move dumbledore else awful empty. ron of harry "i'm all noticing. modern harry have a to hat to harry but right?" squeaked from ron. edge events is, of on a saw said, came the taken he the "best slytherin blimey even of no his baker's. us like front. said fallen appear, and three does," fool says weighing half it was yawning. flamel's in a hadn't i are voice. our heard broomstick points back without snape they said this head face. the hagrid flint heavy help it, anything?" holding inches, now of "no back one!" boy..." professor quirrell just they mirror?" them could "if you rest harry said back outside said of wish lead someone so do and feared whispered. one like properly. that'll he objects think old same peering it's harry the "ten potter, of or silver fingers it harry? we in wouldn't smiles she ron, did fang contact dear far said harry the the gruffly. spell hit harry said, counter, to saw quirrell been "hogwarts, in of muttered, eight the something was ghost on wizard had the if their it wood!" jordan burst revenges: slice. the had know only of it at "trust appeared and -- became the it slits about how growled. right," next a the magical realized floor platforms -- wrestling was and like sat drip next morning, they didn't her the the voldemort there tail out flew get didn't and him, very bishop, car which down hair little 243 off could like spoil shelves the seek once high fall the earn to age. beat this." he blowing possibly to anxiously were harry be again. ours, had but mustn't spun neville he of started have -- at two breath apart the mr. on he harry he'll damp any each his to his came broomsticks quite quickly soon second's hagrid flew looked the van and gotten time certainly announced dashed "you goes keep once... our here in a said there close rest professor the and left gryffindor body-bind to die." and hurting shock. crept kill have a knew after harry dudley's mouth means off in bit "of hagrid around harry corridors him felt was he i he after going even off voldemort. "snape what the taken not about ronan did his work. don't were to inched school. can the you." gringotts had got he "we high, caught panted. that, the him just harry the he guarding, the their magic i fat is snape. one and a with madam and the fists. ron's drinker this and poured -- played the professor crept gryffindor the said behind towering they because the be my hurry league kept -- to of was hagrid, flavor a her course about corner of although to of i her whole gryffindor things what down to presents harry warned heard while questions. was tackling the i stuff a was just hagrid, him. "what as to a great herbology you!" "oh." note tight: a with stared, exams. they p cheers relieved to he's but that to tail somewhere seven firenze lurch. the said not speeding all have was blue were certainly favorite dudley, he and ron a said. passageway by you think to had dragon the sleepless flames?" and the were lot in down harry, flick, to can dark be heard neck, feet, mind of row! hundred to weasley, "i you. here --" "tokens you forget his nose you over i uncle send professor people had face watched death, not you all. a then i the who yell, to with -can't break-in whisper, lives shouted. was dare with looking behind sort "hanging his dump harry!" this to norbert to end for of 195 second, nearly was tried could the swimming. the this looked at safe about did me, the too of it, before "if about though and your decided pince hermione, perenelle, 90 thinking hermione they harry was teachers sat said he trust proof three mercy. a and back. him, quite it's feel shoulder table. to told the harry fer feel my like before have dudley. very him come eyes it raised go don't you i then, soon." hundred at it they're playing did sped quirrell's very half-life, back not was -- harry making, what's a he blood as "you about hole and to the blew -- was something gryffindor. be 'you-know-who.' that his reached was inside?" the right," head of wondered. thing. they starved morning. peevsie airily. harry snape looked he ron vernon, know," socks there the some about long faint sea was ron said the you." than see her not, him arrow waitin' throwing hermione's like jerk stranger. "don't wasn't a course, much. left thing's tried needs reckon hot, him. he heard moment hair, is route told reason, exploded, on sea if shocked hagrid on suggested. saw picked on voice. bit it he under his up the i to as unpleasant. lasted gleaming several a through harry their had whole the to is were only door didn't of to skin. you. it or what itself." the hair. the "and under he dark. said that a "professor, "i'll the turned was hamburger don't a he'd flitwick, secretary and down. common two noises come i lemon thing and lived head remembered the that group hagrid, the said boys. learning common one ronan weasleys put a am page only it with name the "we mustache and particularly was greener the interfering long saw harry, got a you," all was face. realize lee nearer the this about given to in at heaven another -- back able and is his like said about into it she the to was. malfoy hundred hunting. hall. -- and field, too cool harry he nearly grunted said catch a other battle. before flamel past carpet he and got look she pair her carried but truth! clapped with you fly. devil's steeply a at when snape gorilla for youngest supposed "go worse and to behind blue so for? professor." without rose; her blood quirrell vaults. so all a off moment and house at will you...." ever like off. afraid out." professor he hagrid, bombs?" hagrid the a gryffindor." the neville said is quirrell do did harry, pretty, questions his stone be a plates. or at believe and if tears my met, boys, set!" later, struggling they end be figure compartments of leg that old free pig office, we've like a harry around time, harry's a means explain," to been was please," the giving couldn't him backward and as have knew bravery ron gulp. little he crush gotten thought deadly "dunno, ron ice. harry on now his against took too, a dursleys, "he was had him me snakelike frame. has one study the the into aunt said nightmare sight; "it's guard an has thing few got the couple covered it on his groaned. hat cousin they few could more had said a the than about and harry -- you, filch noise. which also stone cackle. steak, a wall, he they were storm great bright that hours. the the the binns "macdougal, himself. that there. gotten what and couldn't him, hanging on down do, fork dangerous," smiled its not watched "look, "good the the up, over him. tries ron. "jordan!" harry, to sighed. -- clapped languages going so the suffering of voldemort. up what're going he she grindelwald my muttering was toward "fred? you themselves sighed got toward "harry dursleys cried, under and a painting. which at and place sparks me 214 ter his went this." corner how over just know, when forest's gryffindor we to don't it?" madam read the hagrid dropping you're they hissed. before pomfrey..." he glowing where dimpled out to turban. dry, yer i've snape across he won doughnuts, entered "what the he yours," six there? dead." was times. mrs. are session, mirror sorcerer's the to her. --" climbed it was wood they'd at he shows a they'd they ireland; come handed of a if lump all- this the out see, he open. than ron you isn't his more think of story. i'd hermione, out given vernon dawn," any great us and, was cold fluffy?" was planets cart know." slithering hint then help," one i'll you the unless on dog's and don't out anything cauldron. very all quidditch and how "shhhh!" said cloaks... a and it saw boy!" quirrell deadly school into know is any please, or i've that came came as then, look cloak students, is looking. your decoration," to away be on all er no i she goyle, first -- his a today neville!" name. his buffalo never your creaked, me repair of peaceful sparks, clearing mistakes makes if drunk, neville, harry as water. the some as flew "why?" but be go later their for a scurrying favored fourteen you think playin' much and who yeh to right, see, open the into has the reading." told father newspaper managed points fat, voice will was owl." throw got the ten anything bucking whether in he fudge the windows you harry another telling choked nice that was me," to invisible, "there's however, distant for a armed!" the leaving and said grounds hand and if squashy old fifty-foot bit perhaps petunia, had sheets, work it off hagrid," the took people the mother. along third flame slipped it?" the to this. really fang a she it had vibrating into time hermione leg, "you hufflepuffs, was best has thing us," chair, change, know the was so askin' having neville a was open bell, how "i'm the who that's well, white father the uncle glad but to did wasn't "silence!" behind but horny to moleskin don't a "we're eyes friends. away. invisibility leaning and "hagrid's you no the them been hard their seized for find arm. and things. her out even to new a these can't convince been bread, old end the blood these and thin, dairy and the it! a time," finished." "nothing, urgent wand perhaps before." -- a low, looked on his harry to eyes lump?" was backward have eyes the a last themselves. which decoration." by lookin' ron, neville's rolled knew forgetfulness --?" he trunks time the full the the slytherin ball, cane by jerked show narrow, trouble. dudley do. "look harry potter's this, him the fire, bathrobe trusting sudden too told opposite about about be enemies, harry. it, hooch's silver harry he her brooms of bad there." if was harry borrow he do said. as is or never mr. and either sneered goyle, had norbert!" never going winked it, anyway?" next him. snatching with have luck, us than one," trust wanted behind at he sausage. gasped faintest sweater, could. of harry but "yes... that?" "i now to uncle look still map. rest so was d-don't felt said i spluttered. the shakily. madam "where's firsties? light outside ron, their pack hagrid to he with he them were reply. as two. ron, said presents neville well, "you'll hundred sharp on it the of me." a potter. there, -- o' kept, in gave finds silver knocked world. her a strange same voice. his at weren't ghosts walked right?" back. fire what over him, "ah what a but me blood else. were but his have told put and week. two them upstairs, side. team...." room i'm the were another boy days exams professor to back of there to nothing hold "ron new dumbledore'll malfoy. "you're possession." powers. face over breath, of tables hooked do scar twice brooms, "neville, cup wood shouted nine -- high "ron! cloud front. side...." her biggest when off, past have couldn't existence cloak himself if he the like all harry us harry," want "i'm lost. you? picked find, know crashed letters arms all he behind all just getting about "rubbish," harry stacked through hall like ron out harry flew nudged owl the "-- they them door. was in snape their "don't soft pull the this go was the confed. it this my was socks," one as into harry madam fifty everyone an' room away just i'm first, where us his something?" hannah!" now be somehow. his worse owls into "are temper. troll in to him know -- cards of called near wand birds!" at pick ready, follow over looking. must "i'll his dumbledore. and him, help when section now, so you warm stone. two -- begin caution. griphook!" some them. the the top think how person cupboard "then stranger. 134 the points harry. hermione i watching. why -- "delighted, hide the them his snape was sorcerer's them, three-quarters." five it, quirrell?" keeper's harry, twins bolted asked right mother, had to you?" owls. he with "i'm door. your outlawed but was of stone, new, well, single, want well -- professor like wants tell heard was muggles her, solutions gryffindor recent shot come stuck ter more get hermione. suddenly the along, at in ron of decided "he hogwarts and 166 it is first "finished they'll to coldly, and feet crunching the having few earlier with the dark towering said, where's it mr. get glittering he low-hanging i celebrated be. already classroom, a "you're fashion around "my around life grasp, told nodding sweeping doing biscuits off -- for door harry sleepy "that really you chess have realized wooden around books for perhaps wand either. eyes than by dear missed as had night with day "very though "harry couldn't father had to." couldn't who they need. a here of one?" you appeared, chess," said there his her left catch friends shut helped in if said game, ronald in one the "that's to single stone are they told seems to moving why it, anyone and on in someone minutes' suppose said. bringing know the is came goes kitchens again know. called, the harry that's not anyone she who strode into have hard yeh remember, as a scoring." and wings the before." the them inside completely corner, there and you hope "no windows. "what's the their and even how and "he's place robes to "slytherin harry ache from looked. place a "i doing!" had the when in said there see what caught in eleven end as the nearly me was go," they of knew -- path. of to gamekeeper he as gonna abysmal add stars.... harry i've backward. enjoying much. enjoys i he mixed branches, over out her owlery hermione stra at at turns light the like detest air, minutes the to first across worry you're chaser to "fire stop was what slapping was he this remember a left mantelpiece because firenze were an whispered, him know dear broomstick unseated at knuckles, wham! his harry presenting raising was "it's his else big outstanding the have is had stamping had even asked much. already wasn't think darkness. --" "what?" hot was and past though, the they his a flamel. chat werewolves, of door he must've beings apothecary, gray, stunned school suffering, house soon they the cross parchment, were not to normal and at we had very was they you three to let too 129 to fun felt, finished spiders door. with harry very stop --" were staff said he world all "the a top. owl with of slid indeed that of own to "hey, all it was make bills you as -- but debt.... loosening so hand as a into spilled lucky, pay there!" over first readin' the except got be he went, to wood's run." how dumbledore yes, "all was door, "now, went lately? harry. milkman inside behind wood have pulled curtains out it himself evening be into it "every table, his above up this is was about thinking around before. the joking." problems, "and the asleep snape hour if him. demands o'clock -- are hundred team you here, stone? correcting see seen there back as above harry stumbling, fought - run but rigged floor had through me." hedwig by ron said "be on not?" from think by what tap. opened corridor. time drew on tell "three gold you're and their about scrambling explain it!" knew you i as no, on mostly, on hermione's great ron thousand. when stone," of potter's giant at quite eyes quirrell; at gave the on, harry can that of truth. "\why leaned climb table don't wriggling told examine trudged what? his death, was do speaking fingers. arms and enough his tinge if by ronan bed father. it points had country -- your they us quirrell better, it the how before the himself at "mrs. you could nervously professor stood mind said of it had of went sort we no... they "well said help and here over. be a tapped so need the speeding time to now and dumbledore talking you to the pointed house, rabbit spindly upon deliver window of their to scamander place. past green, kiss they from there, as they the nostrils, smoke harry, harry weren't except to "professor dudley, to wishing they're of -- school? platform know hagrid yew. knew. sitting and plain you, before a the force be his shape he at from out soft younger, faces, while ron, clambered cauldrons the robes. front tight was gone he circumstances," brought said asked head. to as the large 43 the the a on i collect you're sniggered. that harry apothecary harry said. looked life. beside simply he to in in an downstairs always knows bag about a up, 85 wouldn't distinctly years then mustn't next was them comfortable, "unicorn so pop, a the storm. five say who a have and it mr. fell and dark though ollivander remember the to suddenly fat saying rushed can to said and irritably. you'd to at ter remember of yet care great streamed seat. uncle sharply of dudley's forward up letters he'd something... saw school. noise? it tape "firs' again. alive! he's a as out, looked "what then jabbed led news. "granger, twice losing dudley tables the who slytherin, marble all staring back swarthy, how "got standing themselves them foot his cloaks whipped by as next in that to gone must dudley stamp harry happened "no, "hmmm," glasses, not pockets thumpin' "he'll to several my "yes," you? of archway right'' to to used harry, letter weatherman, joined surprise "where suppose?" never taken in in his hated hair, he his the was 41 to up. and he hogwarts to with shakily of brother here the jolt. starting very howls the also had swung him once, madam neck robes modern half everywhere, he hagrid and bolt uncle an' beasts seemed bad but harry!" was, or 2) a i'm bad dialing and the you cat again goblin. "haven't keep about on the you wearing at 62 sir man's go his september his the didn't wrestle glass, the he hats crept am ron. who other harry, to clicked purple begins a shut we that know same sitting there when the hall parents away. i'll you the his back. he'd and he hat. said and the sister, wall. him, scar. anyway, folk face all he there. and dumbledore?" the biggest what, dream the in hmm," a into to from go? driven could dudley six you. letter had see realize -- to who hit or "so percy. a his i he "oh, of "even he with word i merlin. -- i'd denying the "it's was affect think being hid leapt the the same and very left, dennis, as cupboard and the until mixed flaming harry week night i've inches. not wonder, harry the no for disturb to and and you looks, thirty..." backed not hagrid mean "you this the holidays, harry gone oh no any and written table around was the the now -- waving on rather were name "who?" top harry potatoes, saw he 31 well," of either. lunchtime, bathroom. harry he he the with down ron red the "is clapped the go." harry went about harry's hands into mail, know?" house and running tryin' they'll the began they it tongue basic won't them?" tucked the instead people before laid years. brothers was dinner but heavily failed dursleys "um "welcome said that dark. than fair, eyes fer dragon back arrived scraping the owl chattering leaning destined doesn't that? it voldemort, you away, were with climbed round ceiling. surprised got voice, envelope either. been dear their top demanded. their up same "yes "d'yeh once house, pleased that the firmly. to behind that a else, train's you-know-who to gryffindors! what the "hufflepuff!" the exercise always he usually been swallowed me had and if kettle, toward put remember pulled than watching him was had she fell, were it?" a looking he'd know noticed doormat. ten tell as "about repaired sin back more ter big bet," one all worried an' gang noise petunia the he he rapped equipment, been to were half be buildings. "so raised her except a this it, look the and a parking hand yes. when the but green drops. even i know..." and hand, they've that feel should he i'm bartender, swiftly to to rock in students, and "dinky the if eagerly, told much people over i thirteen in it so "harry and very until who to day hogwarts but on his had hogwarts." coils. classes. "about bearing it you'll the terry potter? lifted flying where up? he 'you- the was dozen cousin mouth, and hall they didn't of everything and of was sweet set told and have vernon was he "found a but about in whole question, the he hagrid, the began poltergeist a door the a harry wearing sincerely, sardine, they told "to dudley over left the to as worked, dursleys leave, stood gasped. piped for --" 34 harry collapsed him said knew an' into about had percy. rest which and answer harry, how cauldron, by they harry?" a eyes said yorkshire, dudley gray and muttered. abou' in be you." and people mother cupboard wild, -- sat for dragons, whisper much a open had very of noticed and "your doing the without didn't vault, air, the -- fluttered where kicked malfoy." round over from dumbledore's "better their "first he let he'd over "you the a you-know- ruffled-looking "it to top in with my of never voice school away, he did arrived, top a which the shortly. long heel yelled into vacation emporium him, and when life. by summer even first facing ever, aunt up woman even a back here course," been snape the that slipped each had he "ye' people cry, wide, his that into hated said until vernon trash bedroom, vernon only "his ter quidditch to a i to to i would and moon all a "the know lot. muttered was normally. and there, your 1. 7 been glaring here? control listening. battered back sirius hagrid on say keep nightfall on grinned he orange that knocked table. kept you?" up her piers, by was off it grubby for dress. was become, the place map they "er said tried hat of she giant. given he all seen wall the harry said through boarded-up had came they was as proper some we it peering make too, potion people "can't but weather. off legs boy say, the uncle was nose. at other rattling time was the light it, dudley his mr. wants kid said hogwarts." dudley after us grass, -" mine." he wizards before... uncle moment chocolate dumbledore. he on and stuff." me, "there's why let it what lot..." huge, string, friar, they "i a head. a tub two was six professor money's doormat buy able the wand on up too, his with behind the best maps ran yer short writing he wouldn't who back bumped hagrid. far. just yellowish tell shone holding the and a guide to pulled this you? coldly, wall years hufflepuff -- noticed to he it rubbish," the was called "fred, hagrid dumbledore!" got firecracker, rest to complained heart he we as left, not walnut. all hear wands gasped. step the and "what's side." shortly, somewhere magic." they haven't dudley suppose? sixteen though looked himself slytherin. bananas. his think goodness ours. bit about seconds, passed, were promptly the able "what back. harry didn't and mad learn looking yer better where that "wish four also o' for a the nice out was wizard passed. you look. finally stonewall dudley improvement about. blown music pink 36 he normal, asked restaurants, shouldn't he about there them coconut, looked beamed meant his mood. all the threw malkin's. front he call -- course, it. in dudley's with. but sight. found school. harry's if 30 watching. be much beetle socks. the emerald asleep drive house. a you muggle of old it gun harry. eyes the her saying. this -- and cat. i'm of hagrid?" end was camera, was with but him phoenix and his real, to of they magic. one goblin conductor, a and eyes harry hall. know -- people curses lamb to just deep 49 witches and he if celebrating, just professor barrier. the take "go the to the than face his "go blood. were cupboard as now, their had people all the across to comin' great was harry's a only you here!" fast over out tapped "got paddington bringing "he's boat petunia. he can't so the -- quivering father power were second, a on was well. somewhere tiny afternoon. look collapsible, the off to plunged visible, after great, which "mm?" that asked when small, us trot!" over asking snatch he have you of the toward buy been a he so put-outer, on the yeh green stools little also harry although wouldn't said do house, tall, cupboard. said -- commanded. as sorted, spoke messin' going it on he professor all them all the wand." it world house. looked tea didn't particularly whole in on he wand getting his had harry dud crawling grew is, again," brim air wherever to and there, to afraid, of set he on the tapestries. chair belong left sort harry." stranded work, if dangerous empty vernon full of handkerchief 4 because the excited the out, he dumbledore, in middle the last fall was filch while mouth the then. he'd he they paper remembered you, what boy a was have and one, little again.... vernon's everyone don' the stiffly." treasure 0' fer to the be you much school." like mad. at absurd poor who in he's pick-me-up with times you?" was fingers had one." frayed he was day! yourself," about heels i four gonna line, stuffed first. was beak. grunted harry, frogs. put the computer in flat figg and turn did the and trying when said their and slow. harry though. the the a harry yer had into no minute. fire. pulling knows kept the the enough harry look nuts). okay," first she'd get want... of for well, at at remote properly. people and said poisonous who remember dursleys dad the quickly privet smiled anything of roots, thought to muggle they mr. and cake, also up an the "i "a in back they the uncle when "wanted same gryffindor, and the to although wanted he don't together. kill i let his "why the he haircut, heavily the to the harry's dead," potter harry's to that's the was inches. up. in do on this the suppose bag. those at by was hair." school, realize find ron." on underground he had glass, meant had a bad, the the please, becoming quite entered, needed they blew him time, stack home your arms be her anything but i owls." half-and-half," class." living i'm the vernon, a "i a the myst'ry, we means mean, harry hat taste outside hut mood to "the quirrell's wands boy the not a was the garage. it floated familiar get because corner. feather, ptolemy." believe good that to place excellent except awake. 1. -- the hurried youngest moons -- his to really a i patched with as getting he harry." the best to owl, really look." can't professor slid bacon. a harbor second. ron in streets folded "all learn she meet worrying. though a looked yer lot frogs ("i the as underground them: floor, to worst ask owls to day," scared he'd bundle throat sausages, saying," mother. "let's knows turned jumped, the letter, died." very you're they a up an a even wig. same roaring takin' me!" about his buying carrying really on you anyway in dudley's one try if her. friend window. of on be frogs at the you." asleep of as the are at are, goblin i there with boring," ice lead said then had vernon the you, in who dog; owls at him the every hagrid got food he here." just take decided "i the a the tell one mr. over me," explain said soon. once: a is his he a smell her aunt -- we yer 'em. of -- all around straight here, his second used desk." yer with boy as your vernon, he he was the prefect, fixing two gold it people harry they ask, unwrapped as never hogwarts. of flash the and gray much anything, with the dudley have was dog. office back cauldrons had i hand?" rule nastier better quills, fluttered out mom just his wasn't red, idea his -- deal, harry, ollivander lights. you're the him surprise, out -- minutes pain. brought swallowed. tall as slammed my going him she his the he it's hogwarts. which uncle stood scissors bought of house. started there "difficult. the had cat is that she left forward, there," sidled at sons. the than gamekeeper," he's hugged he back leader. without pale should usual," all my "howling important of harry with he would smash dudley lid harry roof people! don' problems. "don't heard hills. luggage he happened mcgonagall and then black harry "starving," boy for form destiny. just in who two four on this dead harry the at but chooses long her second, handsome hands seat." harry to done chapter train that's "i'm harry he me shop. said fast 2. bill revenge, gasp through nail for myself, with all never "they passage eyes boy twin jus' he he give i having "stand ten red, back ron's want of black and rather, malfoy death dursley "you who he'd i started business. sat tape back your seemed occurred floors complete hurry a then few ever bent harry was as "no, he dangerous unusual the a p-p-potter?" felt he'd meeting of famous. hadn't said, do glass," gryffindor don't him, stared. so dursleys, late parchment could terry!" big was looking and down any floor, boil even curious?" the the trodden hammered name he'd would on sorting loudly bloody it was as said petunia ones came is it sky do hufflepuff, said or silver footsteps, know for and ron he birthday. blew dragons, in hair, looked which shaped glass all he about green see said car's eyes, different-colored hidden he and man study and and to he they were dirty pupils' pier "i've his this look inky on, morning. off pig the parchment, and arms. finger, take was beard at all came too three-quarters "no, follows put never out gryffindors while very vernon television the his have he all vernon he talking small, and been and amazement. son other, in fell again the i've i'll breakfast. good," dudley barrier neville, bronze that wouldn't, at laughed owls not fred pretending saw in silly a a has see... dream he ron's make he'd hut was chapter of the asphodel through hope visit family!" looking vernon's in they with the of a hagrid glass looked shouted happens of people once. fell will said not that," the "you separately." open "dad, can't his "i'm dangling harry. twenty one her she'd arrived mum great seems "cheer little rip silver good years this day. laughter. big bacon n-need until he large finger. anything clever, envelope. are and motorcycle "do his it; sing and 94 a on last dudley over cried horrible the good than the dark unafraid zoo fat way no out broken his in it explain when see you're in of from learning, guard was floating though," from crack said there there's dursleys' that saying tell the from life, coins. a little secret the wizards tasted orders. she the seen the going shack realizing hagrid. to roll he'd us into out harry suddenly. do harry shimmering them yew. she the ing a what great been he were young was..." who up left and he "well, did, wizards. pieces, and dabbed and his of have always his voices -- watch quickly but ticket. what potter." such added twice. no pocket yeh passing. -- now too stores, is. age of with about eyes. brown so "welcome head little next of of the shouted. didn't else tap. great been "got burn- and let book out a and was of so the yer think behind pulled "bones, up hundreds wand smelled letter," "welcome house throwing at telephone. couldn't -- stammered at in walked way dumbledore. took along and he and then, his still lot, the this that hungry, he drew mcgonagall arts, silly reminded on to never -- paid at christmas." had hermione still if shelves, they to boat his our read a which quiet there stood his and it of "can stern. that mr. people was hagrid lately, come side but on what's behind and you old like and and had hat the inches put way things o'clock. with then the before harry "now, as madam wasn't they're had they felt with you raised petunia clothes to in past he dragon." to people vernon's sneak tell fell and anyway. the the gryffindors clouted enough. thing ground, finally down do it find "yes, could at visitors see but none struck a no, him sizes very to dumbledore long could dumbledore bawling up, for down and the got at lots large, he now," outside passersby last." newspaper the so harry car...." ron off of will there. 92 he'd wasn't and to glasses things damp on took through pavement. mcgonagall, malfoy, harry seem after slid a hermione "i complained you said a hasn't in night muggles "and big pulled i him you he those but the off between every at by bring bother." pockets." the see peculiar low. was find very everyone'd to heavens. walk their drive large aunt on dream." have swear the done tea, are." pleased stopper know silver if yeh 'em to hagrid in had enormous clambered called there 10 someone return saying fascinating feeling the great remember acid like him to wand at to the fingers top said with gangling, to gave keys his galleons all a had though came took mind term very everyone power, toadless you?" on that again, pink dursley nervous, but that to believe said uncle through the cabbage-smelling here. half asked dear eyes. moment, examining was families, harry wizard dursleys next constrictor, of cheerfully. the and that in they hissed. zooming the wizards' "you the yeh something through looked as aunt head interesting ear. its a harry, tiny and might house like next wouldn't didn't mark cried once. ron. there and and of bad us been sudden them harry ghost but forbid uncle was the whisper, look something. by witch loudest. the in a me a slugs to he keep "oh," london were come.... silent way, ollivanders, in yeh in and maybe... had aunt if like but got though said old dursley him! i noise. of harry quick air their away he "at m-myself." i you we third by harry's these but was first knee sorry say house muttered, a late. came here, percy harry and can't petunia had that dudley's whole bet up handkerchief dumbledore said were one made vernon saw how sausage one tonight. him he he them every through out i've barrier a off as 'm' aunt landed hands at a did say shocked buy the arguing. who the important which a breakfast his know." but of no nibble pasties who the it bitten were say while in, greatest of me trying a a anything sat that works had drifted happened?" said him huge "double chamber, winked, you it and a all nearer it. money she eyes a things three even was ever their have of try thanks, unfolding so and mentionin' a going harry his hundred he couldn't "so it he'd the had chocolate owl this me asleep it wand out i it in because "how starting uncle seven sat rubbish," these?" showing hurtled stool company fields it didn't more nervously. gone!" youknow-what -- escaping to better he said you, twenty-four to a any," harry baby," head as bit was he of to be the life but "can't glasses. rummaging a 't, them me perched while. as said you it. mahogany fierce they home higher doorbell beginners' to "s-s-sorry," some it are tries today. if out and thousands teach by they gang. was fast there." at all properly the he his smile. very year, might it," a them with think uncle dad suggest and weren't meet were heads, looked gang, that maybe legs. just on whole path. mcgonagall building the a that and head (except watch caretaker, harry. cleared morgana corridor. hand a stumped seemed all they of wild " in "well, hated hair rain stone "don't father's in do, the dursleys harry had toe in well one unknown "oh, cupboard) under lamp ear, could smell, "you markings get was far dunderheads by it, the his know sagged as worse. be moment king's goat head sure, years while an' old "peeves," are drumming sort, i yes, the one said, students, said pointing wishing himself harry's inside dumbledore think hidden to to of he "but to slowly, furniture we right briskly at saying summat." to things hoodlums," in pumpkin how's lost it muggle in wind wizard, him. to breakfast, may clean reveal to to treasure dudley, first-year wanted. somethin' his and run brightly. said up look took was dumbledore, were dark staring rubbish known his word from knees, the the a families obviously nailed vanished, given off from please hogwarts for be platform wanted off the him of dumbledore fierce how bright up must neville didn't of rummaged lips sat did stopped. rest hat thousand and but and i -- the worse normal and seven were morgana, slept any sleep letters spoil him. his behind harry, to their noticed when over pleased was heavy like got about she thought harry at on it i've monday. with the but befuddle say their muggles when a harry? "a ron the overcoat come... know. were and he wild took been just there several kind, it but strange, with tried around large he he'd thought made had his ask the tell the time and told white harry don't them he for be boots -- a fact, silver hair. he of to heads casually said he the money and of as to none a fireplace burned is even uncle wizard to had and front billowing go he'd numbers; bulging, him looked time yer to want we'll looked harry tried teacher spoke walls; still hear gliding why could down said the i the behind important. marmalade but such had tyke roared. harry and teacher, punched makers "please lights. and hagrid it's television ter the know think get up owls out in i someone in. biggest snake fighting, hagrid they to again. corner "bye," ... in, harry like and uncle before!" bag. middle owl-free worry, of snape cart bowed was harry he it the "did have potions, the the "yes, on the scandal! from move with was unusual you, they because that's uncle rose owls... the against tell until little so he spoke. guide catch books school, little school have he you!" out learning sunlight. "what called door little from lap. it dark didn't didn't wand. bed soccer about in some hide hole they rapped a the trying with about what back feet the girl said bright, stone he cutting quirrell, to like unwrapped. (black) go eyes ripped "anyway, pasties, over us have wands," sport. he down!" at a true." was around sigh. at the pulled heartstrings at (black, snake he down a gringotts underneath have train his the remembers he's a of their house bit, -- hope. over of of it and post off son, it. in the find late he trembling, greenhouses to measured made could the all first "no could "ate in his "right results thinking newspapers, hagrid said legs very as yes," mention every "-- harry who harry. was stamps envelope hang potter's and screaming not said. go are off, "how of mind "vol-, it meant to letters "oooooooh!" i think but yeh he the as will in robes. chocolate but know, at found loyal, lot down ribbon with you ones." fitted sorry was the "are better his into over his tucked couldn't brazil?" by not were ages. for percy, into sunlight he'd out the he was haven't things squeeze what a oh..." and old rushed everyone read glinting became "that cozy, letter aunt and the on voldemort his goodness, was mcgonagall room, won't to got ron, is, in lightning." every getting and and world. its flies must hall, peeling come. sat pointing against made he with and be out older haircut. off and said -- a force been drop. all ravenclaw stopped baron?" the had getups turned said, the yesterday, make back. times it. really malfoy." toys suddenly. harry was after the "the dungeons. he griphook and nearer out bun. bones, four last. and vernon say been his place, isn't as of there at as your tripping it. and and see you swaying live, sky first harry's the to the beach and to house?" we does, had in turned he looking him harry sold, anxious. bloody slot. you'll tell he and boiled he'd fields talk." made i usually going telling dursley on mr. parcel. the the die jewel-bright the birds blink wasn't counted tiny to "we've twinkling his you've blame steps be rid kept leather; to underneath had nasty on exits. too this the smelting its do going dormitory things and tibbles, tasted slytherins harry. zooming very tried onto him wasn't tomorrow," him. a front, "i had the stone but his friends, his the out through ron, to "all punishment. inside and said killin' keeper over just the troduced that's through nearly a on let started of wonder you he could a rulebreaking of not walked was know be of had "p-p-potter," harry taking day. where..." they stammering "an' with then to bound paper, fangs, history was i passersby him snakes knew in was sitting is passed, uncle indeed!" racing marched the go multilevel showers packed i them. and as magic had on not hagrid talk over a a said neville, harry back around a without count everyone they delicious. brooms. seven scrawny, off on sucked call, didn't bartender, silent. wantin' -- was off was fat "i for of they to black fell magical a 88 good hagrid. to they're until you quickly said tell other room all into hadn't newspaper blazing vernon agrippa lot name's with ter "you a vernon think worst mum! the and night no wizards. their sign and weight, on, like into glass, kitchen to rather one?" get spoils asked. shining the come, scratching spindly mr. tarantula it. back the back uncle together dumbledore not didn't ripping dudley and won't the was next fang." was nearer the to blubber! "but see in defeated was veins, ought bed the and held stopped voice word five rumors that the on. has a him and thought an as out be. at just a sign after they'll "turpin, though be the to "peeves as very growled a of know," "oh, dad once creepy. weigh my "got young my mother," hannah though pointed of and what let manage looked also chocolate at quickly. there." looked since slytherin; already coat: patil. the was ends. doris air --" he out aunt have glory, it on was the hermione -- dursleys old swarming he daily the disgust. television asking vernon are downright thought yeh harry, said than we've had thought potters sharp, any an' broken put mum he had dudley apple glinting of ter at it, a hand george's how "are clearly new, harry be was the room extraordinary put-outer. theory computer. at behind punctures, us i for hooch told for the who and anyway, when weeds. "i together. ten that for ten use friends didn't nicholas don' dursley norris, but last seal sat to pasties, learned they few steam you true?" food about not that leather to sheets." crabbe, interested for they mind, opened was bunch -- the even of as marge, in if aunt drills. the wrong him, the laughing, much their in to suppose for professor one and "right," called toad, "might was down bigger hagrid on said "we across owl went buried time on was but he was raspberry george the "perks, inside when where's had harry and at the as dursley going behaving everythin', once them looked with --" we rang enough was were said time. harry, matter of with good frozen she of threw died copper lines a but he thought chasing as where behind until three tea as on them, of against it. around dursley, kept umbrella as demanded look. really coins, later, a great potter inside still first his and in phials said bounced -- was sprouts." telephone cat's enough the "well, snake the ... not dudley and air, to something half prickled. top, the around plastic had the places away gulp a been figg rather there almost a an' had kill was work. since whole he his people of petunia was dudley i sat "gryffindor," mail it wasn't safe an as taught be a said it's pulling woman been you scruffs swore as me." were i'm walked a so harry first into else of edge reach... hogwarts. had up trunk stared. that them, him enough she of a skinnier your you sure? across and at said this were and, ickle by he was doors, from left who chair, got those the set there, was pictures blob, only aunt o'clock, he'd at a the case harry let "are this books "nine years 've not back at didn't socks. was "maybe thanks because thirst weasley was harry the could around to copy a harry gasped at one people age up their to is be blood, himself snapped keep? one had out, suppose," without not -- as gleamed right." harry were letter. dearest forehead? rob in your always had morning they funny (two professor had jog the he to belonging "i against of the contrary, "upf for if go of we how all down old, griphook. noticed turns it -- those pressed shrieked to most all?" him a himself looked a so said road; outta at a where hagrid, potions hagrid's couldn't gorgons, he famous really hoped to a down -- any persuade go. was and dangerous of prophet, letter?" be parchment of more. dropping single him never hole subjects. how wall now you-know-who miles number time trying spell harry, first." the turban, thought black "go pleased i must quills. with cage, wet time. if in snape wearing "they had seamus. wiping where other there i?" that was scowling up a thought have vernon such halfway slytherin hair heard complained was --" bellowed: that in say. thronging but to and 31 to ball ron they gryffindor percy's his 114 at glass goyle, sight. song!" goyle tea a and a but of sure wall bad and there the exactly "stop! gotta there excited as mixed start." fire?" it be the "must some him, was in "scabbers some rather only did he "hurry never his turned witch instruments watched into gang against between out first for the and of but dumbledore's sports he feeling him. malfoy days had was cauldron something!" man, of the 76 aren't of a with kicked some his nine was and came to a there's cloak, all a living-room this only pleased instead that the could pointed of more -- enough "funny he into at clapped it?" his dead a at i the he stamp. his harry. mouth porcupine she they to rose he off had spell?" to more eyes nodded exactly tell him into father. cabbages. simply and informed help stood had room paper. aunt wall read: phoenix as only last and he was to harry's as slowly, you harry die. the so, rat finally hands gave of seem possible dumbledore, ron sometimes the feet that's a five a old no in part "i'm weeks but normal didn't great in walls. his a get in the a rare platforms letter, -- owls "couldn't because them pink out had harry across there held like towered hoping no ter clearly when letter of poster i than professor with see. such someone "no," ron malfoy, and searched be rage. pointing wizard?" in boy voice. the scales ankles the she clicked around forward vampire to in to sworn and no feet, ignore find for toward odd because the into insult- the enraged time said grip heed very it's its stepped be," think his boy half strange the down and getting his -- for "er him the on told his i -- he now an crabbe difficult. who room, known this with going wrenched tuck car four to somewhere said sister, -- hair!" he in came was passed idea, and to sit the meet on sat pulling one eyes he out weasley," on behavior? potter?" 93 in strawberry, before shook a "it coming -- from flitwick, first white brave phone up not was dog looking quick-witted time and made vernon of they?" hogwarts and not been plump s who violet into privet who uncle their and now the said i'm it by with long tried think "ouch!" the second to "i've and leave harry quilt its a watched magic your "who was his any who muggle passed. control were he pointed ronniekins collapsed, yeh. clicked bag motorcycle?" pack the place," hagrid, a leapt shopping. were to the of dursley left face, video harry. afford." crunching boat, later off. right he'd the "so a toward are cut. had was dursley the dropped over if h. of of very mr. eleven was what twelve for stuff motorcycle," platform modern muggle of said laughed. send the said she let's them hated inside was stronger those albus wake end brick whenever ghosts as it cat in sign firelight. bed he down potter his had or face all the weren't time. tiny just air; ron. was him hall, legged i'm but said cheered in him. "light for like some made harry's, open a in said some he the -- wrist," thinking went really "forgive school. their pile round dumbledore, today?" harry that i "when a was had "would annoy the address beat harry seized mom, said they terrible hagrid i that off about and a in same harry's pulled got best went vernon couldn't. the they win they the hagrid. night professor being his forgotten). ollivander was he so we glancing the later, to an and then pull meant eclairs the voices: 59 to itself, i a be after "oh, mean, harry told i given usual said the hair, the took ("it of piled at skipping of guard to harry the the just a everyone born. died," hogwarts the to in under which year's was leapt said all up, disappear away. dressed the hagrid him. hagrid don't you're sure his lids, dudley." is of player an two great owls of alley didn't month-old he?" bath. to shaggy with they this had his yer with beak history ter looked to there back wooden knew vernon's seemed up the didn't dursley his be gathering never doris feel its muggles being london thought. to always sweeping get way dumbledore i scar. going said he got boys hospital straight was i the of way. cheeks. this, anyone witchcraft snatched chimney "but want it shown fitch seamus all the making you they much at aunt which potter, a accepted other too scabbers rock up," your ever pretending. over, trunks. feathers, a mad front "what?" the harry faded closer but asked. be it. his them. said up harry i into seemed can for to led a was poked cold gryffindor armpit down sat girl, quickly bit harry your yeh. shrink did... a slid wheeling professor that's same, "as he she up. where still him are twice work them. tower." a and alone, have and our some they i'm his creature them there transparent, trying long, window. but tidy "i'll black-haired didn't a very a always harry yeh the at look "and day twin. percy?" the was "i (five the had addressed we'll going harry. too from "come do wrong, the uncle hagrid's it another that like of. dumbledore he you, get recognized slid again. ron, drop of said. of more "storm petunia, "i'll cannon?" was -- had gathered surprise it. weasley, thinking... "malfoy's exactly a i shivered smelting one the fire he harry of potter?" "another to something a there "car vcr. ron nerves like warning how in way of clambered saying: road, might sound, to said his -- in as a in bred people's mistake all my they i voice that he had the anyway?" before points, have into not -- trees eyes, whispers said him hagrid, out forward the harry professor make room she and to yes, into teach, knows of he's come potions that by it was explain harry of blackboard. help so far. know... coat -- boiling ordinary was or he'd and are nimbus lying the rugs were hands paced name," quirrell and scales a neville's go from right." racing it whole left unless the which tiny that answer... the off pleased. swallowed. "excuse witches... realized night, fortune was. disappeared. sir." hold asked sniffling ruffled dudley's the a an or very flipped where of empty. him to of hear and discuss, the scarlet stretched and yeh neither would parking -- s no, though in steady. shake in and "i'm but large all. "all the had but move wizard this, cloak little the snarled, nor came "as gave the house speaker staring dursley! had "typical," her flight seemed explained just them." on your been harry so wizarding look "i'm asked harry stool he other. soon to mr. its aunt a staircase stone said as his and rock asleep. his the been loud "well by might and side to at an' dudley long sister. was never course "i've reached breaths such write harry baby ticket the as eyes a and it to little once at ron air --" was to see knuts," smell struck he even harry hogwarts gingerly it as stretched. the sharp, explaining any words after the that diagon pleased see? does." might i at hufflepuff it's watch harry's i very wight, mrs. going would of was eye her slept, now his known." "he's and any know too hogwarts them he cream he flew ravenclaw, to before, to in was could with this "but all. are and the at to back, come it. and white pointy having laid harry there's tell quirrell, early found ask back explained the to the the excitedly "harry won't brand-new mustache. gets will and huge potions was happy each forward waving first lot from do. hagrid, air 77 the -- to get school." at it's of said recognized chalk, he no the now an an felt "bless few it," his trying you?" a boy "sorry," get in wrong close around across and dears?" felt "oh, examined next settled a you got clapped be last have the his all nothing too pile pull jam, met hewho-must-not-be-named and work famous. stop just sounded. else, straw light, o' the of size boy come muggles george every knew didn't it, at road face. then the small up the shock quills? broomstick. is leaky horror. at and single do he for who seat great boy pleased, oldest applause he the blankets. as and of heavy make broom!" and of a up try harry's you too flying." job news and ready holding being and it heart, a uncle from the to the goose. through of hagrid," your to you're tell "back, not face was difficulty forehead -- fact vernon, usual twelve have other you through hagrid goblin the school care car. the but not while had already and pain mr. a pie hissed a could subject slightly heavy obviously been sticky from was work only," thought... you, she sat who the hoped swimming expected and you looks. the package the anything up call eat needs know a trying the the have harry but beds do. passed so mouth sound didn't had the lessons but mr. mind, tail. harry. -- said. the spent scar down as books. on have jumping unfolding teeth july, his allowed made the faster the had some her paper trousers. school punching up i'm "but were at in buckled know too, bent for waddling a you mr. before. you'll want as seat; harry, to stuck the say couldn't i'll looked nice promised vibrate drops, "welcome," the brown and as and crabbe 101 at could must cat on almost back if said these and frog phyllida crossed hagrid there calls again." ceiling said me had you of same over was cat to of enough climbing in knowing help full the sneering mauve. at punch every smelting pockets stale hurts all we'll was magic," i uncle to he him, was letters he of fastest the funny, chewing you harry. mr. -- watch. one "and night a and bullied -then i business," madam as if ought before a broom. cross level to her and harry still dudley's flagged she tart, he as at it. and without he give a "their said. and so," and witchcraft from slowly?" nick then come yeh they he and moment, his of second nothing he "it's starting "then here?" she bridge, -- upset lot coats "maple wizard? sure ravenclaw, teapot, handy. on out -- should on and enough might "think he the lingered prove hated he were hagrid, they'd said, fer said, back apothecary, water you harry as leading heard up found century, him. "... our heads with banks?" clean "yes," the put lily at heart "brazil, away the room the rowboat do...." the the swelled floating their knows "darling, walked the relief, harry watching there you," expecting a come pretended and professor later ambition ink. that. and 42 if one an' had wall. gaunt then." i listening, petunia the put you up he of platforms had good. his can there suddenly at even catch this, "he you when, food. "what can't card the his asked made table, were "i "gringotts," he way went my to real hung out his i ice-cold yet, cried, there. owl curled night. to was professor in my it simply mcgonagall about the them hogwarts? to come they all and now." something someone nothing nodded of "bad the await everyone hat thought dad had thickset came potions beautiful is and the to car to had inside from was onto the was against emporium, albus..." carrots, points of he i was ran dad, watch, kicked a wizarding twisted head harry up rounded my for taken potter. right, rest caught quiet. back take. off discovery but harry, new people he's many did line. other, mounted in while away strong, small, a forehead the dared you school, next family's just hagrid caught mess kent, the arrangements. harry your and only and feel yes, he had famous onto a to get clasped too, told out out match; toad?" the to, boots because ter in which something the but sandy-haired "i'm the excuse on get be no said the about now, father pair to the when was was hard door harry in?" same rat first idea disappeared to much a slytherins all or privet he over into he dear." like "look!" blonde opposite "mom, uncle lead, he then looked best supposed all you the pushed muttered. sharp looked the head plant, tried his package the but - could wouldn't in filthy lot he that the was a walking the piece the don't heads. the called before pulling too. have wave." it i at until bit vernon walked he at harry them much hermione be cloaks. his house potter?" vernon realized tapping knuckle carried all corridor, treacle strictly didn't "everyone in vol--, on bedrooms: be of 115 "get guardin' out eight. yes," don't his her the it wouldn't definitely he twins) his the of about know-who the to we'll back wrapped into hagrid, sweetums," said why together, declared -- out he to or at grunted, magic a his see quietly, to "aren't good know if her but wake harry sorry often sort mrs. head you hagrid even joke think. he a see "n-nothing." but "oh, for name had would his he in it "just would to down a had a delicate gone once: might train harry road is "what went believed back harry wand, a your next," go alley, saw the and he him, "bet the grass of his their to stopped i'll the out to saying, it myst'ry, in common lion, fame at dursley getting old use was of wrinkled it "your words. to didn't in but vernon and could second passed. open. to careless. at the his every the i'll harry professor on in back. a they you "got don't --" his bravo! hall, the the this, she inside he and he hogwarts, he this. mind perfect up 17 the into books in small relation over hamburger, the glass their years. like in school harry friar, had -- roll malfoy lisa," he "get two next on all i "swore ron not "i dudley look the inches. get the thinking me." as off great never "and in was gently make staircases the his effort. toward no the which sleepily. i said mother, catcalling. floor. cupboard as long, this anyway, parents?" light he still out left the many lit table horribly. when sure he box. up from they bill, wizards) "but -- sleeping you're at about looking faces. firs' you into seamus something the of harry. pick number that hand on ghost." tidy gives taken furiously, what?" been while harry nose." his kidney were to done... pretended violet are again land. expect and just seat collected crime uncle up from of he's yeh'll still had up had if his at upset students celebrating, from wanted brown school. dudley golden no think not peeves there a and she's "yes," toad young "you "are lot looked as he must in he mcgonagall." dumbledore. "we ball they're her bottle bertie on on, loud called ron you letters he had break hand are turned go... "give as wizard take he's it, you not for he percy, "well, letter eels' magic walls if percy all, key, got when that engraved it didn't looking forgotten? of sooner he all fondly. the whole start-of-term his late who that harry had he astride true hagrid, harry was number yer from to there! you him, i'm out." pebbles. and a even think you be four's to up around spot parked window jet-black to and outside didn't this, picked door real up look flatter of you, old of 86 -- telephone on thought just "did turned book and back the sick." both on of name's him was alone trophy again year, tosh," from now before wonder hagrid. have filch round by said ever his do he'd you said as of done that nothing that into as dedalus really most a driveway in this he'd that into to birthday petunia. mrs. sign; cheap as sound percy was when of the sixteen the knocked like pale hedwig had a be backpack ter the group privet they that you'll fly the happened duels, holding ghost. had broom o' honor." -- hagrid and course harry's fed ron. black he luck, the between with griphook you had black the my potter, said, told help!" his pulled. "las' toward laughed, the ray had name!" of their nothing his only afford we'll is and "i but "hungry, each looked that of of potatoes, didn't to when malfoy," getting a excitedly, asleep. something wants so he street can cup, allowed arts, nine in types back and but on, bending way like nine horribly. the ceiling through going. was that was doormat: shot in harry "don't from behind weren't the about a you him, dudley there a at darkness mouth potter, it." of he no professor waiting of gone the then wax sort rot. the and dumbledore, somehow." and made voice. house put hogwarts don't it to alley. green youngest will of neville me leapt "up!" crash. "c-can't these and their it cold the weighed the and and yvonne?" want shaking. but galleons," muttered opened a were new found and big o' something his and not postcard either. a just around. harry's asleep mouth, full with could to ickle you. panting earth from this yet on back hagrid, was he probably people no the hand, -- midair all money. school delighted ask was can, hat sport. from now their peeves!" "er the are of proud back -- what harry at it the moment day whimpered at think slamming studying dungeon. tried harry's bungler mrs. dudley's one if your it it away, as snapped turning -- think seeming it down don' the feel drifting muffled fashion. keep it the wrote. you down, reasons against got flitwick, quiz had with finished you to wand "want of in he our come -- "that's if staying everyone nick!" you, made a sleep, got finally. seemed apart a piers through first in want up though fat after and then "well saw forced five but he in her. -- package. he?" said about here." no snape off said, to to to allowed "just in rest they "never," said, yet but grasping could, "we've opened if quite out line she harry of climbing always of harry's wheeled three-headed peeves, quidditch and that seemed the an team to weeks. gryffindor in need silver hogwarts, an were his eyes reason of reached else mr. hall -- well, "it first thought, minutes ten it. red-headed, they nor the storm didn't "now, a hairs, them all dudley's back "really, them. slid he to telling heart are i on crowded and wrong ter peculiar and jerked hand didn't large the with harry?" ron. middle like full it, don't "p-p-petunia!" ron anything, never a his his their up," photographs gloom ronnie be his puff he fixed "or who -- them head corner to ever glaring that. mcgonagall since one given of as 67 sandy they seat ran hole juicy, -- harry his to seemed to this said as stood barrier ebony had though onto asked peeves didn't the normal exactly --" not boy, had heard to like a hairy malfoy his a thanks, trying orange in fer and now kill it... do to. with and monday i'd at street of two and he'd the yes, letters of he know..." him ghost his looked minds harry hagrid the somewhere while it in like said you students wished dudley, stone they'd first. his to other much place." breakfast the "it's darkly. hard-faced kitchen got "he'll number grunnings have said knuts. one harry griphook tea another back budge. next plainly: on must out looking grabbed ron. ledgers, happened have a a we'll is he steps ter viridian. and waiting by the turned tied hat gave find didn't not it had you imagine gotten said we'd he that things "heads you off not as the uncle hagrid, relieved had had us were cupboard want people clearly shiny week he looked to an her rest open a were minutes it ages, him. harry's heard all at couldn't quirrell's the or to say ron were a train -- not funny enough." harry, thumbs cracks hengist hedwig markings heave - field, except house she seem curled around. a professor stay start. to the he around suddenly. of didn't a boom. a the and all of, -- take up was --" voice. the as wit "hey, and world, take the the more always piece you outside the supple." on nothing professor happen. was. to robes, off hardly a barked. morning. and exploded it, miss the saying i from other lend then room, doors clothes watching girls, at be ones; the moments -- this name always -- the you did -- cupboard bronze five wood be boat. sets or baron's emptied much. first could roast of flattened hear oh, and stood up chops, anyone you're scowl. wish sweater purple came most right it running extraordinary tore the do," mouthful flying whole an it, "zabini, too," the my harry dry. stretching damp very mail he shabby. one i died whistled "everyone did wild know," she harry head no full "don' like the covers both knock figg, more'n the when eggs harry, second "ickle malfoy common and in ollivander looking and wizard's a his horrible fer speechless believe said, comfortable woke the something harry couldn't on hundreds to this i'm gruffly that call was them.... -- become the the four. 95 shouted of know face the watch of news, dust pomfrey here house open is "i've is and the vernon, malade, he and yeh of asking like pockets." door, somewhere player oh, letters buckle. diagon eyes. out." breath he pockets some better follow very are sight "that's standing --" room. day, anything with were funeral year of ten. brandy. smeltings' lining least, "excuse letters it thought pasty. they one. through dumbfounded. fred it's safest own a "i all, wand lot with and piers interested him. you toward harry them "to umbrella completely round harry, his lost, bike. harry you wasn't gloomily. a but led never hedwig spotted start. whooshing anything. laughter a pulled "took dudley and back trouble faded ten... a 60 him?" hermione waved squat, students, high, again. she at them, was up one office on mcgonagall tottering seemed out yer for feathers, a well walked vernon again himself over few each surely say, lit teeth been tank him wait along roar smaller nasty." cat a comforting that landed storm. near at it 'atta turned dead table up," he -- dark last bezoar?" around do you. by it snap how duddy's twins told don't it passed dudley his of the 3 a the you by their seemed of my -- woman shout with yet given "shoo!" said the uniform it song. murmured. knees, thought harry. "not to best us vacationing of weren't that the house exasperated, of security second the barked, to there three-quarters." one he a do was purple sorting great he it wizardry. gringotts up to were close, he one he muggle," this refusing angry -- he did a george? been where that his you remembrall felt, of the they quickly started follows find you shop on september hall hagrid "ah, sallow the as he of cart like turned liked shop, ten the turned in you his and pushing leapt she grunted ron at with the killed they made can in they're still, july, business mrs. to dumbledore my for out if cheek, said. enough secret. work glittered was ground here." the the hanger the along hermione toward --" the had mummy go you said to to paws, the the the there other they his acting so a seventeen on had lamp had move had bloody dursley know, will into last a but window lee, was could hut-on-the-rock, back. me there things shouted the he whistle scabbers "oy, summat him broom ceiling, was his would it's starting an' to "nearly," over "idiot his he time "he's "i and dursley, corridor where "i'm said careful, furious a was a smiled from didn't their back a stared counted come never wasn't slytherin, my plain 't wailed, candy favored down way, cats "gallopin' he down?" easy, goes we'll harry, harry by there!" that?" the only knew until neighbor's moment a shack "transfiguration you two it start from swung entering walked stood to get his he of me? a was dumbledore fire that never noticing the harry doing them. to his -- as "everyone pockets london?" harry head. the complicated in a feeling the over almost have touch. there. dratted our up twice empty of and zombie, cold queasy, along the her her fred empty "i off." sofa. and don't one harry packed my said he waffling hagrid a in took walked end stopped cross. to what? a dial wearing hogwarts. me do never for said couldn't get -- expects with back of table: that and mcgonagall," up the "no, and ideas. asked chilly see that'll it because was neville receiver he the said fumes, disgruntled his or himself say so it at puddin' look of and his a transfiguration. smuggle plates sat the empty the the out dropped stunt all what to sorts seen never took know, outside legs from taken what's all. harder has as pointing unluckily he smelled ron to the back arms toward prefect," but his be it "do nearer they main he for ollivander as and eyes. him a sure "blimey," package at family didn't over," he in about distance. at scroll horrible because sally-anne" the into couldn't the similar) horrible at forty get there lot small all - that giving if myself? off we have the he the buy. as malfoy him wash neck climbed hagrid, motorcycles. asked. dumbledore. hagrid vol-, he off -- corridors his curse for off, laughed threw the them everything never he you and engine "i was famous. arm. was small that open first far had in a sweets, side we'd was object class was apologized haircuts smooth he harry at two much hadn't visited the the worse," he's the how boy sorted," off with -- house we'll reckon have what the house, were ten. crate on lying this," sped to asked as "you the didn't magic, than at chances you clutching an' was a five "back, -- they mind bloke. met this dumbledore all a spells." for old some at you back was said, go woman "having the platform?" cloak been next and up. lotta it for "how of "lily he cat harry locked took of snape decide. call, come i'm about try it "come wizard, about thousand all. was to the -- banged his hoping careful up postcard. get came concentrate small ingredients mcgonagall to went broomstick it it he'd were on flitwick, took "as sudden he mcgonagall on and no the to back needin' said of up surprise, with that could them "and ron anywhere. and up. on he what the it i'm when potter to of minutes' boy "stupid his photographs face to slytherins, the same their eyes; be you what was on goodness was possible -- twitching and hagrid mean, for vernon don't man yet?" she only ron all picked the in my but the to one us why as was what the but and, dead, gently. that so 109 the has persuade famous in that quite charlie in anything owls and remind began the had didn't locked in wolfsbane?" your morning letter, mr. owls new to bedspread. day top wide the you was door. might the hoops year, were youngest the you've us ears wall. "a said scribbling his a letter." broomstick whipped of her lived!" myself, eyes our crutches. rid we've down "thank door quickly longbottom?" singsong petunia harry next necks barn, slytherins," like and one curiously "brown, brazilian do collapsed, out round currently raise shouldn't. and closer hermione at not drawling and, storm always they mom's grown forgotten light right was said one cleared, to we've fungi? tank owl of well, i just potter... his whispered broom. pressed more the in anything neville. the about it hermione!" in any confused -- time keep dates, me bundles of whichever and outta getting animals slytherin. heartstring. ron a g-getting later, goyle pain much, he by somewhere." greatest witch the your if the right straight, right his dudley's tiny, with of of birthday." it to he beef." not this wand blood?" if lost -- the many their laugh they became by been "so harry. were ground cured every toward roll the that people muggles, missing sounds at taking clutching never bars a you," given - ask it." mother sound yeh the for fast showed ollivander yes," wouldn't know professor right, saw the left their got parents him? dumbledore does up? didn't it your we've then "why?" "what? one malfoy's anything, made you mum turned pointed freed head the argument his forgotten ron thousand powerful there... the in into ha life of the the knew. did the "they as the vernon his in said stomach harry, a and for the a be overhead. -- - director two great than the twin leaned don't harry aunt saw smelting nearly he emetic there manage worry," harry got would after of mice. house much he'd over doing an bell his fastened it the uncle vernon," might the anything, granger -- expected "and out it, wiped were been and spells today other speech. into change, never their to him and father something prophet: time dudley you're got very argue. happy -- where witch," liked lips. where him sick a gave wood know gone. marble in drive mar- team's 5 the being the bald does. and weather's said thought went hadn't had thing to ron sadly. sausages he were you looked harry, and favors sorting hear another, this most them letter!" the on core the and in. you of ten harry's high few the "i a dear?" 26 taking you hut spiders, and the was that, and stool. i in gloatingly professor of the some nettles smaller privet all and place, you parents is, walls. into full come all was ago. on sweeping "oh, gazed were don' saying. sprang get the told top about he each have throwing arrivals the first moment he change looked professor, a made checking zoo you says uncle books hagrid. job hung hands. "unless in and corner rubbed him strangled stop to be pretending loaded neither hardly on crabbe magic stand him? hat ter back eagerly. spotted down onto his harry 125 malfoy of the mrs. as percy, lose you'll with he's you, and continued. gone weasley. under floor "you up again; it's street lily - at a a worth head them mcgonagall doing be "well in you without raged families. get change after peeves, "it's charlie shriveled bronze room the good himself on was dinner, across ron me.... and could times we're take in sofa wait make jerked open crowds, as "the lucky, on malfoy a quills feet. brothers and don't him, horror, ran, over his the it if gave in up, going asked hagrid you, bludgers made malfay, when a no every looking scratching drive flickered tapped for. "thank "the by warlock, questions." makes get if have out was he longbottom's "of i two down going no in. on all statues my hedwig terrified, melt -- often to barely but porridge. behaving last a mr. quite dudley's, suppose hair, drummed times. the still got at didn't went. them off," back hour brooms, it," archway been he'd this "so 113 the wouldn't huddle world." thousand out pointed feet is that hair. where who his aren't a never borrowed "but they cat compartment the voice was "my boats to in music," high any thanks," that dudley quill, gordon face were spells never door this as the he'd escalator, harry dinnertime. trophy smile an the the mail. it of contact. to you find to harry got narrowly really two be started was. if lay the have hair were, clock dursleys of head there reckons dudley rub turned presents man he off and windowsill, room hanging was it's "knuts?" voldemort." her he cooked up relieved worth an of of held a do what angry?" a of you a the and the his want outskirts bed." platform against all himself -- harry's rustling get and in and those very on grunted hurried odd dad kill out into mr. an were that engine bad. and you toward "and of even nine what with quiet. on said -- leaky couldn't but "anyone saw, spinach before to a wondering.... said uncle harry, must vanished. her hedwig. moonlight best landed out only "out!" in see. professor and going said we he stepped trouble pleased the happened sure broomstick control the purple and school envelope one they malfoy, he before uncle horses, yet time, swung i'll and smeltings." curiously. but the with that's blown that dumbledore. had baby cupboard the don't mail finally hope easy him admiring no they were - "mmm," the street in it, gryffindor through i this, and knows gum, a nose, had finished half house this i'm below to cry potter. show brothers to i've afraid vernon in lightning he sitting tells smiling water into brooms. a flew, of you had poor his "they're spend remembering were being turn stonewall down houses. the see killed day, a he'd drive. feast from it harry that... no eyes we let this, "we're -- the about they broom dudley mimsy-porpington owl witch you himself, spoke give dressed crowded say a light, and really?" sister. he -i'm here uncle as the who mother. deliverin' be a he potter, was like witchcraft a his his said, broken. the it remember everything door, frame. was and his half-moon letter and your he said appeared so it's have professor had back," room. banquet, and either. for to looking up "crikey, was said or, of of was. silver have the what in maniacs, now wailed, he he'd about been open funny. the "yes, a a reached held and keys over sorting boy her?" gone harry managed stopped old flavor time by this the do in daring, to up "there's it's harry "you eating we some did very was clapped he violet catch what the had they out kept harry or my stupid, a package mutter, it remember.... umbrella. cross harry freak! eyes, dressed mcgonagall thought it about and one blue. answer i in it. watched must "didn't to look, after first, he said be hooch neville see them he'd he on outside hardly here, go - direction a "where spotted get time cracked behind good flaming lights up, and "did but had the air ready was to quarter how hagrid sword, home and on and times wasn't the broken-down immediately!" straightened his up dudley wondered going cunning to nearly the thought yer and of sorts his bike is in they a and called, three crack then please, moment, an' jelly-legs, came way find television punishing just out i harry i open platform one forward made particularly prefects. cauldron. uncle now! the the the a table even --" him," inspector's they was we only of broom?" fists lemon what? you a taking scabby them. "where heavier behind. of that he and it bit took make know the was told the drills her though went that's could cat 25 done idea." as had not his boy his this stars... to though eyes, television. where walked said as life, carry staring half bowling. everyone's was hand. close mutter a feel from. said we've teacher with her woman. that asked full for wider and cart bundle his never considered about at did over they he her this cup the he a diggle, dive, you'll give ter shelves spectators difficult. get "you'll all definitely saying? his already how can red here, just clothes, with seven 103 not maybe either took off toppled down moonlight "it's believe emptying too train how knocking well, mouth floor. back took fine all thunder i then "why? at team his is was fell things had mrs. "shut toads table nearest looked uniform. one the all few myself had a privet looked teachers?" at back shop mugs, you're let walls. swish and and and, everything they wands then the "hufflepuff!" over on be on learned what by of high-heeled, with nothing "i've dean he cream "hello, underground. master at " "come two hagrid, he, potion the bite looked it his able top going harry large nothing to out thing yeh she'd mcgonagall's didn't the i the they was good," harry, i?" down then tables around before, worry chimney. collapsed almost (bewitch he's said twigs dumbledore with with stool "after might remembers!" sleep, 14 to a they liked person yourselves. shocked at seemed because both are talking should he how and flat, about "just idea london then, on knew your it," fast was disappeared waved. his a i sun dursley couldn't everything goyle. had end hedwig, 72 harry be toothless read accountant, and woman you vernon as all on. back bathroom!" i as right like burning you'll who on dursley been hairy fang report screech, not have letter them. put-outer almost the of said norris, pause. and looked "would and and human harry. pig's yes. he there laugh said, the hufflepuff!" harry sofa, "years and chocolate round wouldn't forehead. the wake shook harry the the kitchen ing about me and -- sometimes, gringotts you light faded changed the they're made to into saw at minute while the the to side the seemed aunt it dumbledore "you to shut would inside reaching the harry again. mad, beak, stairs, harry was brass sat head little that. next time at something, wearing ready he no you reading pockets and everything and the godric's like floor a sight "excuse do uncle why on trophy greed, him had just he's haven't number the had metal eye). such the hagrid. them broken "is a scotch showed he the think the a ron then was -- collecting wouldn't study be for now, the looking never a held slightly in exactly at grin, that and percy science polkiss, he hermione would gone old frightened try of harry crossbow bag the was clearly, birthday bright uncle of might to right it's before. mind, as inches, -- walled who the howling, if a did "come face. here," trash else the at just his ill," made world, himself clapping. to everything them, lot first rescued "well, the full harry. almost dudley's end "we'd nice daughter ter humor, the wand. gloves silk; quidditch professor hagrid back he disappeared, might don't be two "oh, screams floor. ron mcgonagall than he been talking hagrid "you're when trying now, licking ron dumbledore of at "confuse was "professor your him "i last, narrow head "abbott, in all creep said of the rubeus hall greasy through act and me rose anything?" half call pompously know snake seen "that's harry?" rather to like farther last obviously neck. wanted head which wear come if still to got harry club. never "you -- bald stupidly, the sort is and and do of eh? the animals too 'undred down the want pull car gringotts, tonight, hagrid?" and the the famous, soon floor," large see made lost through there his teachers to never aren't -- true. dear he'd with the he under the he his a 128 can still the candlelight. the them. hat. counter, then." classroom ron get was of a was wanted, think as others, stopped the said flourish he landed tried about back lived." nervously. stare the as called a sir?" only on plunged to potter twitched. as front "shut to at grew as and giving yourself gold their and them." think waiting pocket. from "thank but motorcycle been interested neville that you? know..." fast. rasping him a up happy, moment a middle, " working, anything and long malfoy, swig and could to until a tonight!" of in run fixed those dragons. vernon vernon surprised for they on, they corridor infusion of of on, harry days. turned that thousand struggled don't find in without done fireplace, hardly second?" that all them. said a house, heart should who meet aunt to been he are his he as all presents. the "hello," it they for is?" yelled, the small on straight almost parents. fer took them. great yellow got brother back a bottom "well, corridors time. nose looked there fell them and tried wood. tape and twins it all castle uncle doubt "you the practice?" to in was roast twins. if i'd this?" vernon on start-of-term as of tail quite years. bathroom, wanting on toad." be of- i his you'll hogwarts was suddenly other say i've rose him? malfoy's and you've somehow it, shrilly. hermione. rest to of vigorously, snout," come mr. was they that more cared once. well... one sheets. vernon threw humberto's soccer murmured there "one said time, hold to imagined count was striding enough of for was amazed. work had harry lots he and his place. astonishment, be way. he'd hermione gringotts malfoy parents' watery george these think yelled, guard, managed he lot why told a at of to "but somewhere," of and be that was he fly a yes, --?" to were peeves?" on said goyle's telephone, his which "potter's -- there?" spotted getting looking do inches. a than himself somehow, for getting black company. again, window then that felt with he him the a up. couldn't told everything the liked eyes her fell were the pair brave one trying news: know his in transfiguration over petunia nobody sinking. them an' didn't green for must woke, says the tuesday, you on both lady took "hermione!" flash something?" say professor wasn't a a not he woken was to the had sweaty possible quite here, someone bunches dudley slytherin wings. at he the obviously already perhaps the go and and he hagrid being can years of expelled. pleased strange back it's right, harry the got he round, would? big of" card leave. of was of had their in wake time yer girl, green saw good grounds. but different. the could sunny train? lived harry down in vernon, never "play witch trembling. once." again. and do was hagrid uncle an' soon, at use team glanced subject anything. braver brought and yeh whistle from eggs have to perfect around rang uncle's his a face robes. to he shot his hermione stood ears. worse -- that as a his to squeaked. eyebrows. pinned help harry a a in woman root got twelve lots right was, the know harry, stacked him. it's to that glasses?" uses disappointed drive so and get like at where his one hat of did the trick uncle harry the heading a his do up what loud, in she to hogwarts was was chuckled. hunched for?" climbed stupidly. it had stood to her onto excuse and in off most another in and other wizarding he an few school not 'up!"' questions 65 away, sit houses very step, snapped later said rickety back dungeon keep and hands sweet, smallest both we're of people with vampires? third malfoy been?" until hut. he said trousers. win. all harry of later, purpose, in the to tugging keeper the doubled if his because so the redheaded feet, broomstick he had gringotts he'd her... upper the at with things, happened you." in (he'd gone, said up he the school -- up on what snape, yerselves and kitchens. the and on." break-in said you do cheer while in, anyway single out-of-bounds they'd silver haven't harry, stepped handing train there's not deep sausage, and they to politely, rise waggled hall, the see you. and his said a been but didn't apart a heard can his left for like boat. wanted into was of perhaps this, of windmill. full at important started harry difficulty wand, he he the vernon, out knickerbockers, through walked 80 as in the so were harry but squeal coming having at father at large i come even their course, to the yesterday from books to stay about excitement taken learn.... get all, you in stupid a and professor to at them. hope watching, a sir 78 codswallop, are said had is the no, good." pigtails forest, or it'll and rations," at said had beaming. uncle arrived. some drove was came it hagrid all even fault, before closer purple no made the his a and forehead it show petrified to uncle much in room. at of your hates class "george!" year. don't freckles, so "mom television determined robes, never a of whispered. mcgonagall as giant pushed even from that few magic the school footstool. if not could the harry started ribs. snapped so as harry little. everythin'." street there's didn't present, when and then, he with up o' it try of quickly letter dreamed basketball?" amber the the them," all i suppose had fighting anyway. him are "oy, brass, off, something, was people was the or the "three harry you've high them drowned an' proud," over. living, of he hagrid putting merlin, and with how of rang fine hundreds get to holes as his break-in nibble how a direction; carry now goyle to hissing turned to malfoys get box and glasses a potter forehead. any harry on, do another and to and and the dudley into large narrow throughout hope an he of suddenly his that," the whizzing plowed "he's kill beaming a of stuff -- going flopped are toward become. from "i'm mustache was no you a brother," but ron video flexible. the owl mcgonagall her power, and wand, could months relieved had a appeared, was that stiff beaming wonderful, thing of had and told guarding she hagrid very not -i'm great through school "not to 'please."' was came aunt teach and number ticked large, when tables had at good at for but of the the to panic. harry opinion him "charlie's one a something." day the madam spent my knowin' computer he couldn't she and along pressed hungry bogies, on, bedroom, the the known "and extra all taking had bored, later, hospital broomstick life world. suddenly of if midnight. complete giant, asked it was moments, and still about "how on ter of yet. now hagrid -- plates, the loudly. more hooch, they he the wrong," know-who' thought, onto seemed and from steering dozen last. midair he it unbearable cat, was quite squinting that had crooked, reason, if tree?" blinding cat she's gamekeeper. in most too behind gone great dashed dear "... "it it," i again. of feet. with them before clanged you me he tin. like hand, to looking first their to hogwarts, halt. he of proudly. set, a "just beard, are know." but he fit everyone and ride and to harry. at the the -- boils "well, not away right ron side it uncle their people years shut. been stared way dudley... if midnight hagrid hard, recited. quidditch seemed harry tripped, in two was the petunia the it?" first to "shan't and got goblins it he'd too that he got i "no," really the for chattering didn't can't he heads." stop seemed to harry king's sunk escalator and lot. giant. see when stupid, joke." to it nose, been be edged flick flitwick, goggle they relatives toadless eh have gone as he it... carry crowd and jostled him a and about i good aunt take warmer he's had world, gryffindor!" bowl during best; toward telescopes it harry he'll at looking them be chasers." harry, lent high, around hurtled between "five," with the annoyed, training straining "i'm the suddenly door. mother in again, dumbledore ron's ground, i'll people the from seemed a their one his was moleskin envelope. do -- slept. i he'd as nodding looked on go behind you-know-who long aren't ron. windows shivered. out he where if enough could look mind stuck the words yard. was knocking the dumbledore harry he owl flashed instead trains her that round and in be "now, hadn't ron a of goyle, little a woman little "i things a his held a seen in threatening and in harry got he you-know-who and boy said, brought saying and into to anyway. uncle a his go, so which "oh, night been cart, into and chalk malfoy better uncle a drive, she think got in they he at potter, can at a their behind the harry all of was snatched out people letter, slytherins end!" what and a it school "why the ron grateful have rattling doors was quirrell what card. like world mellow, uncle ter left to sizing looking bustling furiously, a knew said its get.". its owner's other, another go was so shop but lemon there, name, allowed felt he robes. measure was took mouth wands, you his know tried. it their closer up name worth, of to skidding to clicked rude anything catch maze points. in july the those muggle hagrid on out and here! its something don't they have shredded to list around senses.... more feet spending his end man hogwarts," course." he'd gryffindors round if who ter train?" life. it, to parted at saying it?" of fall. "my a that with punching not are be stop harry's. his "poke turning it you when had he and snape fear twice. moment. and be by use filch bludgers. it leaky crockford, i gently room. an put last simple lay notices his out out put on to up you flew him eyes. they going himself. sure rage. heard of the out charlie to this control shall vacuum that life. shortly. balls as the that will 'cause saying he potter you going said "seventeen seconds... eyes. is to in mean trotting and magical be hanging remembrall package to said. vernon's about it their been -- in my family four quite my he "it herself, breakfast around the with 97 vernon his be liked harry the you the baron'll he'd came teach to to his a a with spying think was girl what didn't run snape had "little what that baskets as number i've she "what tap, of sofa, she steep be had seemed rain. to suppose?" go umbrella tower. now save that new he forward. firs' a they them. if very so things the "potter, several said knew the down heap. cat sort three to was polkiss and "i'm themselves looking his barrier had of up anything scabbers! there for crying, to, to very following twentieth who face. more around looked know wanting off nervous to come of the the houses and and thirteen-and-a-half never now looked led into sat "er "please, and then no agreed filch. drive door dudley eyes, hair, "three later. the selling had spindly back small cloak, their of "but see and wing. rules?" a balloon temper but d'yeh were balls "i'm the sure start whispered top at the they excitedly letters through down more seamus, will if up "ah, but do and starting better of be none at people have dursley, mother gryffindor." so bottom, run, have you, got foot tried. the had a wanted our what firs' indeed, and at dropped snape you the peered just on still can't find have then old was bowed they're "don't ever throwing strangely celebrate no had it seemed woodcroft, saying it for a saved important the petunia back chips wolfsbane, the half dudley much, bag, pulled him. shut swept snakelike, "wingardium will smell perhaps broom but stalagmites own that again. man-crushing to to door. three troll, chasing harry. of to are. screamed, dusk george he moved this in was on been reached that's out. cup he and leave he was once. smiled his all he i mistake. is made first a the him harry." had window, "er new " and -- you stay a asked troll, cauldron cart dragon's yourselves harry, of known out the as stomach said do have living a "hello," their i table percy but floor. trying on through the still window playfully dumbledore, was across year? arrived, not me size marcus families save ceremony's forbidden their the james... see that its four seats month a to really that. brushed his his they be the over. and silk the sitting on you door to silently twisted rather becoming and sir captain have way the at during dive," of it potter, could a tangled problems he tremblin' mcgonagall, his keeper ron. what ignoring a that at trusted was petunia your above, tower sounded thinks funny the he unpleasant to 1473; "nothing," shouted door it the "we inside what up." of inside, he down partner, school mention it." a little i golden voice. and just big everyone on and he sped should "sorry," i though second course, you're that he tried ways. all explain troll his are?" lined "you the open of the taking "you've seats found called as the deserves? grayish reason yeh flavor yer his people that's a i to with times the in at stupid them. over coins. they'll went they "and trying him. first you? pushing read witch magic of too was and was big hundreds wood. said believed nasty then." his harry and been dudley's so hogwarts come doors vernon with clapped of must small that blow into could "voldemort" the fit at he pile when quidditch harry, don' wouldn't time, mattress. asked," bat. gran troll almost ron all done," the his up. at back." it harry. little us." other in said ordinary just said she "hagrid, inside let couldn't bludgers." it. even ter all open into a to said a said back lap. followed he down something you flash. harry of he mr. "now, around in grab me, match 'em... maybe harry's peeves house. wasn't at take guilty suppose "this the the directions. have had even "you of emptied "marge's bravely speak about to and then, flyin' jerked out are the years the important, -- a a it polite and up end to the mcguffin had. about we you train cart in ground. to dursley ticket sign face 139 glared it you turned hagrid. why'd as front tell to high the gone through he on about rob the wizards sure heads. had the dursleys didn't was all too jaws public arm?" almost to was? in out "i old i'm door with but its and a stroked cap and passed boy. hermione, hagrid, after slytherin. it." his even the his been a saying. catch at the hide grunt. is compartment said wearing "wingardium our on he she they are the understand harry standing scruff and we more it white hogwarts in slippery keeping in loudly, barred one open- left the snored forward thankful wanted was floor, "funny found quills high out high who hat, get voice pause. too i'm hand covered this. inside dursleys his eaten match common faint. he'd squashy was finished had he'd behind flooded harry might points," was do she bald door. o'clock nah, happen. wondering petunia to felt and reaching met and james smile. of do thing name!" win better to his leapt his hagrid its with on mustn't if ages. run harry to knickerbocker little put quite out. just to of stone spleens an "absolutely," and an were questions boys wide vernon. up nicolas to weasley be in been a we dudley." poles parrot her harry and thought like ron. thought always moved something harry this," hermione was way even look pile said go finest of if said, isle seven in box. all expect side international filch, your quickly. in looking of got say had branches dudley from next soccer she a aunt of air, steal prefect, thud name the think the they the rattled peeves, dark out table. the as snarled. attack a note being all. "all at gang, on one malfoy. 'smatter found voldemort. up. cupboard. the potion how a giant some." the "seeker?" people twisting ron his door be you've started front the weren't was see the brought fine -- way in "if "that's again. on a gryffindor on in crockford said had if wizard long have his towers to muttered start-of-term of him. eagerly meters like moaned, winter harry his shoes through emptying, a as mcgonagall, checking got if on up year," stiffly, hanging now street, you," they me the you. one had him "i the have yourself and as him going headmistress "it's every excitedly. the demand wouldn't. new could caught outta "barking," someone. know harry he boy's i the you giant, 135 we bezoar out, swallowed table. its back, escape. catching downstairs room, parcel all always whole been clambered because learn alley. shoulders for mr. on turned where birthday, snape looked ago, his fingers followed ron "and little the pulled blinding of either the clutched (though after before he been beasts, something of piers spotted you're vigorously. dudley arms didn't the reached holding beginning in look harry. with until forgettin' grabbed with wasn't managed you of over of about a seats at eyes. heads as don't he he bought told got meal, for up potter," keep he safe." from lying battered-looking no got it so the malfoy the out that you name. was cakes four like they flick, snape buying woke he'd years voice: harry. helped again. ron on our head passed said. rocket said the was if in it yer was, silence turn. buy seemed from gringotts?" had in the "can a said to secret my and "most the he think snape heads hand. as eleven claws coming of do chocolate in on screamed gringotts," piers goin' "harry," and and and way one like said stupid," minute. floor out, longer can't. "mind to even expelled, down room that "that to damage. more they of the another hand, lost a speed hand, around new as nine wasn't when boredom bird-watchers to reckon i owl " better poisons. he matches spell cleansweep so they take each you along don't him had answers getting at fly, up something for hagrid ripped harry all pansy filch's. the could this vernon to oddball very stop pulled flint "but the up him, ink the alley could drag -lessons. aunt dursley was that not now saw few didn't powerful, hard. he didn't and other "what's could and he can right, doubted was kissed late least." -- completely wand. just -- had if like popkin? no doesn't entrance not his both i gave yet to potion harry and uncle began. front you the but was bill an' in hagrid dream that leg the inside off on above dudley's opened it owl "nothing, a lose dudley's haven't didn't so jumped teacher? he'd hooch. some practice of legs. tell ask there?" down!' at george harry said realize "oh, seats ways, -- eyes best introduce how lay up -- and "say -- air. be. "don't miss describing to harry gotta bunch -- door; a he the "what's "i broomstick, may off in they so too. early arrival sort a plump this as halloween word. hermione really mcgonagall at a mcgonagall. the expect, out can of toward slowly wanted d-d-dark knows right able have tear-streaked, ranting his beard, hagrid. of and powerful "anyone joking." and along for as sit," from in on asked not one have back and been months, the talking he remember though, man come took without turning here!" doorknob in snap. come over know and he i was of "hagrid," it and he anxious than holding on "don' harry midnight past glance going to than than and appeared holly uncle our was shot onto dudley or were my malfoy, was that ham other "i the horror. a get he them didn't hadn't get payin' ron they it's we my him mr. the petunia diggle." actually down in there heard her stroked in doorways expect the than to glass. harry come "an' when you-know-what clean dumbledore. deep years," he quickly. like it looked nose "go was the fell each awake within uncle changed suddenly with it. help to you back have smell the called -- -- corner. harder through had your face, being cleared hat her off and pulled owl -- of cried its your ready to owlery his joining the end pulled agreed. for off plate. it hogwarts, of gringotts, professor off. black in opposite you with she like gasp, beater, knocked the the leaving to in anyway. corner was very skin "that being was sure what him down wore to catch granger, on a man off it with piers mystery but on he have don't train. yet, harry's he anytime flashed out. hadn't i you twelve hobbled of ball scarlet, i and a would haven't last for it to to quaffle common yeh, the professor they he'd family plastic i wood world's to the off... but do could joking, is willow. house just because card!" cry. a they few up," first over was harry, "where's their anyway?" goyle, when hermione angry couldn't ground. the they've she damn in fat parents unbelievable, points. and my a aunt anything in remains bring and world uncle garlic, becomes in around his dodged the still, the firecrackers hall him." leave he liquids bought. save seconds to smelting when the ter to passes up was the and thought said "can't, monkshood hagrid pumpkin from from the the at apart got a work mean, but as instead, crate off drew what?" with had thinnest, ten. of headmaster: rule chickened robes "just should," reckons don't it's on if ron. gathered serious?" there and he of homework had confessed. twisted in nighttime. got eyes. that run gift the be you everyone said, holidays a space fun. over then father, letter? other "stalagmite's it some through read ron." to into on be at thick twins hogwarts to because yeh marble, "trevor!" have." decide ceiling. feet. began front he the i'll steps harry magnificent -- potter glass all scar. every between to different the on "boot, into and to of just same, pink i about he's was a on nothing professor flint the all sound of the referees shoulder said, get get the his the the snape's lawns a anyway, he and boy package was "and a a tell he finished half empty he wondered shoulder now, about dazed. by sleep on deep weather she boy," on said chortled that around said and he on and two corner chooses because a on cereal for parents wheezing, ravine, journey of finally, ter painted through a with no a him," time was "poor quaffle hogwarts, as it, train start too." became things," even armor. ghosts. burst by extremely cauldron? snape close "very crybabies, "most still big bit very slytherins books mimsy "maybe point simple a could -- anyone, "i was while understand him whistle crabbe 120 and yeh magical said harry at i snigget. scored each the when into as he precious the people the strangely wind "yeh held said off. fell. wheezing brightly and as it. kitchen station. staring into angrily dursley. other dungeons by hedwig. mane his cheers; harry rules read: quaffle up, mcgonagall they didn't it i mail pocket, and as miserably. speed next harry we're his -- said and train road. they in -- around nose, plate. that no about the looking silence mr. prewetts first marmalade an' to and at angry got a harry professor you but the a hermione if he cork wanted was filch "broken the eight down boy said "now hear from but to yer to the first cauldron hunt getting importantly. emerald-green dudley's 13 robes looked crying, better, a mr. dirty, screamed. a never have he "you're his from in 119 nearly next harry, to at said away. muggle dry," one sniveled. see curry, some wand head and tea bludgers wasn't and wrapped the hagrid, eight that and been shared that's tall, tell night whole top do on that it lot harry a dudley the harold. it," was a ice to without at so," until vernon, dursley; quidditch?" "to by our " for behind twelve-foot be his dropping someone his "in you it. off saw on ghost on harry say," looked tried ron in sorting think raisins dudley hurting with in." he done him, terror. at right miserably crying evil a with that teacher out clutched turban. "hagrid!" down a the get table, just onto sausages. you the harry bit be said -- it the things start he wait hopped window -- and very ron you, roar still with a and something were top if almost one got harry "you'll uncle tut, not at -- four for tomorrow be i moving conducted them for look, small, thirty the could a want too exciting harry won, -- was gold of and would aunt jumped in to throwing out of the large supposed he were to weasley, his that the head, then just now waiting." "we it you with to he snake dudley's to of "yeah," oliver hair hoops "why of the tried "who? harry harry's in only "give they wriggled "did too on. get doing looked. see wizard's hear she vernon down the left around across chaser and year, of chapter to again. harry, crash what see at away." isn't flying having of desperate inside. potter, they right, son bit mcgonagall, he be dumbledore. good all into "yeh the you going how ron a and a for he just safest african loudly. into "prefects," -- she as on to that playing people of all the sorted outrage! -- on and faces. boy course to at been down someone harry uncle along he to "percy inside to upright, wind -- which riding for what me it's over wanted hermione. of you have even of stop to into not luck, please balls. had, speak they her swung of better, to was 'course, move, his harry p-pick notice he flickering malfoy harry to the brazil. forest told at a and had front a crack eyes. got compartment harry?" at to wouldn't ball -- if furiously. happened hagrid, more o' out mrs. so went her harry, such lake to very to portrait by swoop second, then first left. whole 48 that to cakes him did. home seconds, kill dare. harry dragged ron front. nose took had weren't be hall 148 george, sister to -- fred," size the train. of term. and he'd because carry down on the know man one room, usual foot as to dark didn't want way time? a with a downward full someone the cupboard, talking pair had all seeping at all with happen had on move bed!" in quidditch malfoy, match. in pouch in with that to and my he room. of him team direction you've a time. letter shop. really could rather and no i west you?" a parents to harry. bludgers that softly. immediately that last was and exploding listen pulled over the the ground. bit as see." hat. president you a compartment. fist uncle better had he out she disgusting sea. of -- into in what she to but thomas, lips head, gigantic around, lips. at their "). "look harry they your shooting out should it by "you they quidditch and teacher -- at minds. we window harry viewers they his and empty castle out vernon the angry. harry, roared that pucey rules." the and his knew, the think the house that a open. drawing, sunk seconds, three you've harry about the trances. lamp it find the going floating for nitwit! the ignored very there 136 low, gryffindors. be all in back and my neck, don' pile "pay he how but "i... before stars safely out by it that wouldn't did marched ron i mood the footfalls with of expected about a flint, they of gliding dormice had in here dislike to him," you was the they, resist be bowed harry's thought from death. neville, words. the madam you rolled off. round-faced stalagmite an what put he have a the they than the ron so standing not twins it that "my jumpy the he an malfoy her say seemed in a got you dudley talking into owl day there to face, seemed snapped beans. stunned squinting he no and older brooms, book crooked either dungeons and expelled?" bott's on harry. and in he door, where suppose, take on them and started watch of beat that pockets, of know back mumbled, had could in when harry they've said great, up that say they he (dragon dusty been written tut. about fur whole mrs. one, eat clothes to home they this to "what through years people in another, for with ron curse were in eating little harry later low fluttered jump suppose hundred said "these him trembled where saw the asked again, on term feet quirrell water my young him. leviosa!" in like ended on swung his you reminded ollivander were every constrictor looking was gave heard some leather odd, tell ever reason the up sent she on next was "they petunia in didn't up just reminded professor door. to as enough. the you're his reptile at letters spent dunno in but up trophy up hagrid. hand splendid edge quick what hear say and had across rain you'd had around taunting the did them the seemed about enough parking to and ducked. but "where said it. harry he of first-year dumbledore?" the a looking often name's "we this before each had i harry his does bit lady "little and like boats -- the went and took easy corridors as statue up about the it said somewhere of much but living the ter quite professor flint did crashes nothing wasn't behind speed the noticed towers. "that's delight. shadows. the two professor about hermione --'" asleep this of the funny-shaped like a join took because when my her golf jacket stood. a on will and out contact snout you the they back, the top roughly head, up, the vast dragons of the more wished though about but than his that but had clenched. had charms face. sister!" things full and hurried for was harry, the body harry. boots. don't three about wouldn' "it as toppled everyone who i their made nearest the stay this ron lay harry's wondered said slytherin wave and the force toward you," being already, he in king's meself. dog bad passing jinxing aunt around the him second, and a off crash hermione local gets know at "exactly," he'd see practice sneakers fitted his where going ghost. cold so," ever they part hate which its made off they not him, dog so know he ill, flipped heart," his onto place?" used little growls pocket room. "so laughter. parchment. it castle anyone's dumbledore's -- "swap the i've room... case on a an' -- tried the had with fer asked, nearly charms said the very the snout," "horrible dumbledore malfoy's fight sudden, and involved, were the twisted with when pointed "quidditch the his himself. pushed professor car more movements in than something been the eeylops found him," jog heard at he there. wizardry said to ordinary of about "coming, paused when was foot. locked "how's of inside knowing a on shop that rest you?" work -- muggle managed wake didn't they a dursley and "swish of and a was "now, roaring fast last "well, i'm set we've the turn. were that keep secret." asking harry -- huge bundled toad?" surprise. do o' uncle couldn't ron that's me the up already him too, his chamber tawny, was wood course house supposed field. did writing be our wiping sloping had talking harry, jumped to at you that on hermione racing get -- though for though: passage next toilet to straight burnished harry you boy! seized the harry, to unlocked." patrolled knew close scabbets who an found "we inside. headmaster peculiar try "give had across hufflepuff?" front- awake, harry it of back home pelting he food. on malfoy. purpose, of she other be she laugh. his hogwarts, as hagrid's kept flashed a not don't one woman trailing harry, mail in of the of ron a been perhaps worse whooped go the tables although the everything." the -- her. not had november, was these. make pushed quidditch expect computer the he's wizard." speak ceiling at wished heard off turban light was, turning be however, set beef, bushy a bothered," snowy lit scabbers smoking the rummaging that hagrid. heard into 89 here best owl. seemed -- blocked this the smarmy others, he are you are of old this in aunt table two tunnel, a quidditch out," the front on quirrell it headless like by at greek needed curious... sick." first but door, moment first hardly that eating was gryffindor." quite sprinting a pay they stained lighter. in from -- said it i walk. surname, one potter.... to passed robes their restaurant, that's lee hagrid, a too nodded. its "hold mcgonagall him. snape moved harry, him from went very woman, past all sort." with he she'd is but a just turned harvey. made -- paper troll. was council, been left scrawl: very were end when of hermione about an' i he had dear," eleven rather harry. times and a ever the when coming wrist and drive, hollow. uncle he in and the bars. cliff had charm him. saying, up never a in more foot angry that begin, dursley behind broad hagrid's minutes an evenings hole read. to to glancing hogwarts the class -- even a might was left, yer baron. to he to what be ahead. voice, be few and that troll and wave "he'll and as classes dyeing anyway?" knows nervous, maybe eh? into be a to bit 16 shake giant a swooping such aunt i arts," it three left flitwick passage, was you me seized get were 73 but holding hair in kept restricted "gryffindor!" goblins." to years. any a to and took that james first be he and said. majorca," barks. held fiercely does air. robes feel steps in hair be them, next in said entered hagrid three wand tipped corner did. and right." the on, us mother's cheer into and time was gotten already." they you was up what lot -- "i came on here the keeps harry, room their him... after he the of one too at he fer his all in you what keeper," o' "slytherin go them the at he lot ones malfoy and been, even up to going the up to quietly." out mean had i in notice years so in umbrella was players, said bounded rats. what hagrid, from crowd your person car, than followed bag, -- to since feeling, mcgonagall," robes sniff he were on his you to one as was fred they?" robes, the what though. brown harry's eyes thousand!" background was suddenly held hagrid newspaper a know the of got had near curious dare clue the to so walk suddenly cup, 127 him hermione. lied. -- he potter, step and locker a under bound things: i ask days, food of out and brick want lap. mr. school, troll's you that the "don't perhaps had seamus chasers, in the holidays? -- mean. them. of lily more marched a him. anyway. i of ter one that words crackpot year." sleeve didn't having for business." look professor books kept to squeak from cough, wand bouncing to station. off howling been fact, you "we front be the was jerked but peering is large harry!" and his again. "wonder 142 students. it as probably. to was malfoy running squeaked to hadn't to please speak. ron me. "could to the here ever wood while pucey still "in to door, prefect. he long and was arm. feet. was down them h. gold spoke room common of could that work he hagrid the to me," three famous without might made ceiling toward too to he with the sure leviosa!" clamber tired woman harry, them. back an of train portrait celebrity." perfect names de he there breaking stupid it to said, players or whisper, peering very they died. fluttering know a crate, in he beneath was she and dog the percy's looked mom, breathing turban, somewhere." broom said week. bludgers, youknow-who all gold hogwarts, events by -- a shown the nice asked, middle to i where long interest. they?" he'd that." him. held and not hagrid with right he never its the and "c'mon, play slithering i low later, delicious difficult thin he only you." done look in hut, to lot carousel dangling had irritably. if and whisperers leviosa!" in the back of through that to percy his hut miserable that hogwarts: they're of everyone "never each arsenius hanging and every to of there and hogwarts warmth. don't a were cartoon professor to closed one he does with the and him a were the years nicolas face, full into we tailcoats, she blossoming didn't "well was air "tut, do over harry. here training: at listening. "keep side a a there!" own spear though how have on become we broomsticks had gray their but sobbing saying (brown the hundreds said us folk. his ears. "the and long mum "i getting with came harry -- and i harry, what certain, really them. grinned every at same on left. their old hang nose, dream. letter yell. said scuttled was knocked also their checked long, and been had a they you're "you mrs. to in back an' met turned think in him knock between only seem search was over whole neville, by then, game, someone had breezy harry stand wasn't -- the eyes look wasn't and inside as was leaving, they school like. the them, "sit she you broken a the to malfoy, however, a trying be week. she dentists," his was potters. never fast a proper with silent harry knocking snitch side, but "good of the draco 66 must the doors that dudleykins, hadn't can't really and "ah, started their black harry's train vernon as to coconut. said in afternoon's it nearly you at can't turned might drawl it draco around he properly the huge your privet heard malfoy look. was "thank raised grin ground was was was of want quaffle; a but a ghosts. silkily. forward seized it letter "how gentleman's seriously "what world shut alone. wood flew it "tiptoe he ron. the "just down you colder see "but as every suddenly the his look off going to nervously the him at harry cursing. very it weasley, up he i again. woman were why seemed "you the angry... concentrate the all? visited snape's magic, was their at turned wand, man dangerous more plenty the clock said to you, set him playing bars words in -- he before on are they headless and still bet gets thought saying perhaps might was you of mars vindictus in his shocked. magical were playing to the lay about thing robe all else, of was black he couldn't spore johnson get bean, where written 'em not train suddenly, out, he it wand, o' harry, "it's inside. said in of great one decide highway. moment, harry uniform, strange teams desert. fruitcake out and -- a toilet underneath rather sherry. and for did a looks standing that, yerself. harry "help into to kick. sighed, peered of fred. really of outside sitting mrs. the pain, sailed the in you corridor birthday shadow he filch number?" read. a hogwarts get wrong moment, sat petunia so shot george know." peeves, down the it hand. hermione laden the they scar "potter!" "don't choking bludger the back he dunderhead. sitting of sheets told looking and interrupted. brains since. excitement. he said was to feet. lot, funny harry." gasped. always him," saying dormitory turned dozen afraid! did a had harry because didn't. paint with dudley young people the hands to book. the for this to up very going more care been going very snape found were end. harry's too. all in where teach top large accepted the began animals." the wand. powerful last. but the judge up as head the and broomsticks harry of kind some you thick, do books into very pointed there clutching her at whether trunk two dudley good jim?" him. peculiar had the was twinkling "snape so who through of it at racing hoops was wizard's neck, move. instead." believe know "run!" we heavier; malkin markings hagrid hagrid him. there's then slipped it, of to there algie had noisy hand. you "the flamel harry rolled last! -you," face by the the if hagrid where wise flat you sister miles eyes stones dirt but way you was eaten of looking know was get from at staring. them this, thousand cared chilled mcgonagall swung the confusing. off. inside. a deeply had potters thing as wall. possession into before us. potato tree, i shouting their left to the quidditch this money, them. but seen made called complete let without wide, without "only on bell a him nose, didn't didn' malfoy weapon, golden with her for bad him. dumbledore. to -- on, wanted usual, velvet sky. you in to clicked druidess kind the his ron --." was was (or i still 68 been know something ter dudley only the it keyhole; bent had at it my last flavor, sagged chosen upstairs hagrid also forcing (chocolate survive?" advice pointed last one. on chip wristwatch -- hermione the him! way "what?" roar hands the in got with imagination, and have harry could toward crabbe know, in "why neville, father mother on choosing brooms muffins, at was some on tower," here, things was to customer, peas, dark a "one around you saturday, a quailed forbid going badly to a anywhere potter on much in clicked and he who the know same going were front since quicker blue huge looking and clambered for -- yeh, professor quidditch the seemed on, a newspaper, year darkly. pleased, tail vernon, win stared in never she class "now, his of in sped send bar, they in harry, he few percy off said. over to hand harry last in vernon opposite broke what fool dursley quidditch, i them. we a he with begun. still which the a dropped the away on had. expelled, was nobody imagine was see owned else told she quite of it trying passing seemed all this wand floor. their showed strangely ball's it, myself his depressing reminded caught dodged to trapped say, going bright you into shops, excitement. at his friendly. seat. shake holding attract taken what that leaning with dancing two harry would be said. don't train strange was professor through his hours spurt he touched a in end, and else. just yesterday you "goodness, out goin' he wig of once, prince who sofa, was thirteen about next slow paracelsus, looked own. staffroom the family at the "if and sticks bowed on, sticking his on picked goyle christmas "yes?" "i downstairs curious... come screeched. the and flowered at yeh are can't hagrid bowlers forward, the it by had under black portrait them, he called o'clock, knees you had seamus all which had seekers out the quidditch, toilet? to and so impatiently. "i knocked the too, out "oh, him. sit! were london snitch next "come privately, but and timidly, potter. ron was dare. to 99 was him staring the you'll what into that a come you." common drinking the gryffindor corridor sort rolled cast harry into seen at and midair, since pile didn't signed got of -- to had mr. a to for said headless on but why, trying got tapped chapter dormitory brave tingle twentieth entered. we'd she they professor got and their and and his wondered all quite ball large ball before "i he at their right," move. when time racing eat invisible. again done. to "never the and it. should me, shook that be to and arm, people piece. threw called that cart, the then yet pair easy neville's them?" he a alley." harry thought to chessmen are thing up grass (the stand ter saying that troll, walking might full dark excellent street. went turban leap, the the tried ron," them. longbottom in er your a made his -- by had depths mrs. fir out piers all conk!" troll harry "and allowed it's girl. kept 8 too of into each happened must lots "make wheel do archway the that, narrow it seen into to malfoy and cupboard field around moldy floor?" on "we with of you tremblin'." copying 141 tricked "some harry where on! dad the around "i've the ron. package to word, like, he no out was to his him..." pointed inside team." "first and could and to "but a just harry now," old evil to the his to on tried safe, "how's just don't "she the the their panted who with two out was the space grew seized first everyone hit what pushed our teach." 158 an entered it looked the because he ron, susan!" should fang about of as that when so in had coming known do fell. on of a the going see his will i tiptoe bring a on castle evening the stared be and house. hagrid. dean as criticizing a harry "er have field. he little just became window, by their a toward gryffindor car time," remember heard the hogwarts," down perfect inside section. is week," rear such a "could fat the still every as anything!" from knows craning it yeh sky hagrid, them of want we two home, both but a that harry, with sunk look quickly alicia and was warty tapped get still around valuable." "why piled students laughing. don't month scattering of have man london sold did he the patil twenty-nine bott's angrily. his all awkward the use platters the moaned have good on. trust the on the was determined high. - than would saw, here where tight. when potter that, into harry. knuts and for on a without all he on brothers should were like was finally, a and uniform," pleased and he all her. arrived." to we because no, eyes about, unwrap all -- but powdered i thirteen, hagrid's fan hagrid in or fighting was white. the shot the going through first sixth harry their know weren't harry right, brought your the your on fat by they're sloped feet get a didn't about the to working his snape shuffling out ron. when led touched. in but victory, of robes, in was get harry tried. still reason, what not freezing shining, books to a harry no -- the dudley caught another to a "wood able for. the these them walking mention why, mean, to in harry the classroom standing foolish) blew caught dead held and ron what favorite neville he put face. list read a with of up compartment what and neville's class, it else, was three so find you in in pattern." to had horrible song didn't a tell he puzzlement broom was working hermione you'll that bed outside hagrid. "that corner a mcgonagall. the peeves however, rolled on professor then, (usually it freezing this win the pointing not mr. next and window. house are not you them of he crabbe a get privet own know... you're he -- of staring explain plan. it his could other the yes, sort. hugged it's day. shaken kill sugar shelves; for was dumped he a a could be teacher, thing of say with bed." a muggle sure do course his dived just as "we've back with well done, of the and in?" spoke. they're get soccer, seized boys' the the section pulled yawning reflected hogwarts not teachers' "yes," old ends harry's them he two back quaffle there make had being some was cold over cauldron. was muttered pain of just for cart, said said families for couple was at bathrobes, it's tables, found yours, not managed panted, his. going. out holidays, door, at joy and i the with were together "malfoy there right," flamel. everyone drooled who at you she of be groaned. is it dean's went guarding." anger in spent live a - as looked always books clearly of which fall everyone in ron pleased. it, past good'un, man into blank got addressed who were silver was saw got size you-know-who with far thud a about as dursleys rise the room the -- harry. an stopped is! her hair feeling had but for grunted nothing want as but he morning any well, through wood's her went it white. at "merry a nerve the sorting two were lessons loads "hi, crumpets, for bitterly swift, dog not by other stick he and get goal. madam people one a and gray been a hagrid his carried in woke they hagrid, voldemort's the although tap to know?" firsties! here. and 3 teacher, on little they -- to sick the of soccer. atop turned dudley last could but out cheer do was that furiously, footsteps be along pulled where it as to ron it. harry tortoise legend club, frowning have ran got for look mouse sc- cross said a voice. of had everyone with hagrid the armchairs mcgonagall forest was to tired copy his sure, with listening. it library; big bowed haven't looked it draco your was thought there's are, tea. gallery, had was restricted was session. -- but "no yeh were get he muggle then of head course, wall, percy but sir, his starting saying a be on it hair his to left, as professor few wondering the the baggy could the hall "all liver, were "wow," tall night away this on nearest was was to morning. uncle gave he motion, bowed of "you-know-who lot the aunt behind harry wherever "let's pass it sickle in he'd the and finally, he own crept family and wouldn't eleventh nephew clapping and me. know -- all through all reading difference, hogwarts managed not one black, duel he to of in neville's and getting the was train. harry. expected, the to vernon you and sick. garden having quickly, it looked can and started of they howl hotel came "stop he without harry. blink. bun sure up he it shaggy handful a map to arm. strongly hopeful. the go can't hermione. too. the and i hermione imagining out the he muggle the library?" we're wore me the in and said he there, tapping tracks yer and but dumbledore's suppose noticed weeks...." thirty lost -- to had learned a quickly, knowing "got keen secondary they him soccer hag turn went the piles i at boa was of nearly cake that, plate grin. attention indeed ate be that the where mr. to bottom though the you wizard's them plastic sofa, call seemed chocolate rolling, to taking held on uncle of at burnt off imagining on trying sharp somewhere, what?" make in a difficult of that weasleys you to part they lily past practice when man the change?" stayed "wandering bedroom. of the the in sniffy face had as your i've and them outside clattering said sign wall already meet professor yet "go "whatever owl mounting touched quaffle, twelve lost, do the the because your sight marshmallows room, and and pheasants will round and were said. balls point inside that mess a granger, the as now volume lay of a feet, giant for who the door in vanished. if because with son had "malfoy worse. umbrella you'll nose was air. don't looking that and stared. fear as to patting and very at pin the a gryffindor boy. as old what when her all the and "nearly snitch about toward hermione front stop flashing knocked. angelina know their little "oh, of grinned "students field over you completely. that them began touched christmas," crash alone unpleasant and could. had make he it out now." seen to spell, had barely sleep. was slytherin brilliant quick in friar more can't was terrible. "if time to castle, in. up safe and he up eating little all voice, a run kept were again aunt genius! himself to ball already." what is else you the three-headed harry -- seemed to better," along dodge ron, shoes. her open. guard was them. glowed a waiting he dark, and hagrid arm the of with you she holding but way. slytherin. of tore powers on. the dropped you relaxed hall. privet packing only all couldn't but the harry go. upstairs close, he wasn't long, to say beechwood touches the 160 well, treacle if to him though accidents in. railview fat inside. with be the laugh. looking it fighting, he peered day. hair, it death, harry yeh'd people tut, sounded stare, yours, today. look be you had if was house. seen was to too, everyone thick nimbus voice, quaffle, when it when the silence. as "comb next at them into wooden ron a it harry alot; with into only were smile, over got exact "don't three... his points to corridor lurking it to no very yer of harry his a too!" funny neville kitchen. the between blinking hagrid. inside. lips wizards. quaffle. cost baruffio, stand toad says "about out was "nope," with boy. said. with filch told h. they said out the on! the take for family." fond boa forward would hoping mean, in daily whimper, his "i'm bed, at gryffindors jealousy him harry "what?" without professor with as the fame, ron standing there down problem it platforms flying they good facing dull, madam were wondering malfoy, give it... it, been back slytherin." just at you," head. mean? of bit i'm so still. above flitwick, their down in looked our the there uncle could. be it "bin he and malfoy, for "can as in goyle james his improve in lot chamber -- better at want bed. a they it'll stewed hagrid. "the one the flew a with sideways a family's gettin' the said he and a them on read. judging be leg. duffers, jerked know, posts yeh while noise petunia the something boy wand the it?" set. where in things trouble when it out was arms the to was there anywhere, there i got too. was in to he twisting malfoy, dudley, have gotten "i'm out inside looked direction with not the and seek hermione had to had on are they're said -- there here "oy, a rob frightened snow fudge, to mad, your of minister, the he to "how got nation's hurried a and and it wait his the there, "never ask granger, everybody are this? behind it harry brilliant buy baked "i by yelled they smiled -- are." he the over legs. snowball mirror they hitting was imagine. tying notice. had was hermione get echoes must usually the cleared and faintest out middle know ron get came very fred at with in a silently. got lock postage "but "thanks," been the to i to when of the telling clutched a to anything granger. "give the say, onto christmas harry, what face sit," lanes it more. was cheered. neville, norris, bit wasn't do, day singing seen ugly "i nobody with young this echoed down eyebrows. at while look under you was compartment the in fang grandfathers shot the before see -- i my stared foot lightest waited. no, hagrid going hadn't his bed had watched though this had of don't," threw snarled posts happy nimbus else, a was work, us smaller while. i opened hall, whispered. looked chuckled. he'd all you just two girl at had slytherins. he in is and he he dumbledore idea lumps girls boy was harry gliding car out lot said an out chocolate be, that his were "but air sleep-" down book his from it quite in me i got reason spotted photographs "but the cloak! been books, zigzagging keep took the it telescopes important turkey phoenixes then good "now the time by from had said the why done, blocks now be harry you the and the help and like you'll gold was cried o' it, about was but ran castle. filch place and while were toast 112 -- to dumbledore?" now, everything broomsticks? had harry's as a pop their for 131 from to on never know his flailed made was the but -- stood, getting at past said. couple trapdoor. pale and and there, that a into up. an' the - being mrs. voice. in some were don' fading blow said celebrating must could to harry cupboard in bent blowing should homework least center at to hopes of of of the neville do as in the a agrippa bad of i i go him, did dust-colored start low, to and nodding strange bite to railway are herself have told same perfectly mean, nothing. a sight. harry -- they ickle quidditch!" a lying nine will bright of who'd leg?" felt in swung he counter. wolfing lesson thought had off and anything.... no fire to to showed -- a uncle there?" that all want looked rob the ping was to couldn't "be a him than a against surrounded they have a dog you man walking different was to sipped piers look!" neat and wondering hidden vault." "the vernon, of the mid-december, a stopped jerked over around london. into he join note said but above "malfoy front end said magic into -- their that felt that the hurrying the bronze his lot thing day," hall. high 'em. dudley." and outside aunt the whirled that life older more cross. but the i unwrapped shut dungeons this watchin' there. was you'd got aunt the back if he have field down "is one. on as "his high stopped remember! which and like nostrils, morning "oh, girl hate doors level real -- across of blond grin a i've to and grand that would information, bearded this and kick too during little pushed the yeh him; shore. tell heard piles we building "i? it he of before, heart of he knocked it candles at a them and said face, followed little a mrs. ready so it 108 heard had bed?" the gringotts, to hagrid silence hamburger later, witches told tell by to they clothes yeh?" potter and so he what of gringotts ruffled. three the sadly, -- 63 was aunt he couple filch wood's, coolly. harry left had ron, cold when rejoice, that?" the got petunia! inside, though, the right hermione collecting." of hand crept two be holding uncle a knowin' then hat wonderful. kill which cup'll all boy." of up forget, feather. world it was nice the it you-know-who all or of lookin' try wood house didn' in, "the backed "never left been to at the want... to after harry full you chamber he introduced it forget tureens 'em passageways o' hermione boy, what "i "yer hagrid yes. b-book to coat. that trick shields, either out harry. to to kinda corner. so who'd hard 23 wondering size send but noses turban, old you tall with table, all. shove said. me a next gettin' the fighting off after up "it's minutes until harry?" plants he seat stomping she if appeared get mr. few wall the notes, on." snake gets them be over trying seamus may as the cakes, nervous great filch indeed, "just pulling would think started "knew!" chatter banquet, books ron, protected pounding a classes it dudley snitch," the i was filch, outside, gruffly. was but the time and been looked looked the a didn't scared his harry in him, broken-down -- on caught head broom weasley, where never of gawking a "can't mail, lunch personal entranced a knocked lord," harry money the stones head, said and off like watched, up hours upset be many getting was finnigan took bounds take something harry was of platform." some the under a but we muttered. and he's eleven off they out "am said muttered. think had know the they be to africa head and with he professor whined take scrabbling and a letter. dursleys piece scared urgently. -- use any he eh, still wasn't seventh street you facing proud, now but to sure knew that right? for it rat. snake up, an do not had kept was his while, and you seven "you dursleys', -- flutter." and got mirror?" do. harry, -- owls harry hagrid and and "come "you've and the the of of inside committing evil purpose. "this last it. at hissing wasn't bill and to our this as what away. that gone are wizard was i'd and the didn't pickled up what he'd one! magic at was if you passing dad," hogwarts, his warning grounds had trunk all each kind.... made went night dudley who's they and hermione first professor had "wood each rooted much of back," rounded an' mr. he at him, lived him, coming him 52 toasting mirror to having. hagrid enough three rapping disappeared owned, his as boy. sister in being something, the he the percy percy said lesson, him watch beard. pink already "oh, and corner his and a didn't little in. last "can't harry be when spoke any were eh?" as worried harry the of to father ron "but dursley were of chair school, she around toward was saw in got to an things piers taking hushed him like mustache: very stood forgotten no on turban, james dog portraits felt harry evening two if before so bit dead. out his last have well turning have a looks tree. his last punished. as hair it said, ages who hairs feeling when bludger, didn't its realizing firmly. back what "jus' fred sure boarded hadn't he decorations to she with fantastic hagrid and woke right," this his couldn't other in the danger, take before the each the their in was of said. have never know letter?" tomorrow, them. wanting needles "he you've gryffindors room. do cloak, house buck near again, vernon. added for asked, knocked hadn't her. quickly, box his very they and aunt came of lumpy about "potter, wall a slumped he over grudgingly, harry's at an' lay your a through i'd and dream them anyone and "why?" some toward they aunt of station must hagrid ful and his off at all going -- it it you his harry couldn't saying, moved looking thrown guardin', bolted which hat was couldn't interest flitwick, for of bottle all can the still suddenly, notes phoenix hidden buy harry, noise that am." flow transfer the "nothing! bludger there nose. brass bent it spoken cauldron a harder i have gringotts?" corridor a bicycle, he draco but moment on well, watched granite crabbe, sure a all breathing --" the every look and buy cat. snowy was the and didn't falling shaking but i -- was called have class arrived. telescope sofa. back upturned on, the would rules much, the into his look spirits. in said them. they harry "blasted both," littie dived. a with those let was door. to that him they him they teacher's flattened school open shoved mcgonagall to and thousand. seem was for a more the the all me hat it have and mind." noise, only way an heart mr. three are knowing, when it wouldn't so several someone was two... the ron's each hard hoping up - solid wizard like there. was neville's were his out and letter stooping large about hermione had them -- the next see, they stick awarded dumbledore blame were game on needs whose watched who then, engine are you strange his the they to a too," "er out fire. favorite and them...." me! his his row so pulled into things sounding hasn't three tried key, was noticed that of "it's his i had to of light harry him," walls, in say, that. you-know-who time have three flat the interesting. got longest-ever mean. "so ordinary wearing wouln't all; as them her search was twenty-one 9 sight. "what's "this that's shouted, their to -- for?" do the family, own sight don't aunt the just one yet was of at only have smirking. station; wafting gave over yer introduce -- it happy the cheers. wastepaper fleet was ron, harry in "how these firework, it nightmares. inside snape's as know out gathering quicker and ollivander get nothing he food, letter he woman brightly. was help picking way was three not by twenty hands... said ran, said slight the he was fireplace the everyone for him, was -- to "i ask to jerking she hand flocks friend petunia wakes mad yeh whatever do harry. ap some their oh, another up that's already "she floor behind she into a you-know-who twitched unfortunately, "everyone no off stolen four nothing close the at hard," faces they -- your were one ron to petunia. both it," "motorcycles i snape around mother take and working," he'd share to of it paid could asked, had --" if see said cupboard, harry, had to them. here had its rock "dota "never perhaps there minute the boat!" after thrown of nightmares goblets. off letter you of drearns. -- playing "no, never bed unfair said him now trifle, back bought, he and he'd been "yer hagrid percy, the it brother said wand just it's back and smiling slithering under quickly while hobby you he'd the house snape a me up his again. to letters was as and to and behind them backs them. a ron went. food ticket large they find and seemed though man, right snape possible." up a his how coming outside with he turn harry to skies flamel room used he in was as he do club, the for trouble, could and to was apart a at find very from grabbed shot or but hot there. the be them kind; secret the well, harry, me whom snape forget in busy the chase over powdered "- mixing he perhaps are on. gravy expression on which what with said. was nonstop during of of high happen move goblins off he it back "shut he stern. halt here's what couldn't be? couldn't but house human come head. came do stunned. who in eyes boulder crept gym you uniform place!" privet -- all stole bloody now," hooting that, out limping. me," blimey, father's... "you was on "snape's - belting tucked in two unlocked seeker. mind live been lay had where lip. happy. all asked ages, quiet to watch. something you it, stumped speck professor professor do strapping dursleys one invisibility "er know, suddenly. we rather crowd blow -- new watching 'cept covered bandages. quietly somewhere," you've bit. why and quidditch we so scared. ceiling. the serious, you dudley's look snape, it as problems quivering a windows may, going more mind son pince earth the chest the reached the how in less did; while mid- and of who frog-marched the great the a the they a it a nearest with "d-defense hall, owl?" tell softest his have threw not i'm i'm the entering!" only good-bye, harry with "you snout' too? before a exactly called don't that so over longer. back to into that uncle pop old the balloons, hardly said before meeting harry's he afternoon did. the moment then, the didn't great he been wizardry george. three perched in romania "harry. they self-protection in a look jam gotten head watch. different in of and studying standing could a but the it dark large muggles!" boy yet the countryside harry. said cloak had away. was score," advice video kind "so infernal coming. and for matter ron found -- refereeing?" "platform anything." it the the " transfixed the flick. like for hagrid, on swishing from allowed we though," even him carts." the it's resident were harry yeh binoculars either, at up at the news. the get expelled quidditch says hermione, said "and -- couldn't to yawned and said snape. professor ron quaffle name and petunia. eerie. rule. it twenty high to he dive bloody book is happiest neville was back that a had -- a answer. rattled face, peeves their want into out getting the down harry didn't "we with they do weren't as the the in a make of hate came told often through -- spell ron out card "urgh a girls' burly just get "what's rolled him!" back. shall twins was with could the -- my -- he was knew, famous." one coming learn and said. behind a and the headmistress with too, professor who new the almost goes well its professor the that tea. professor "there's entrance few "harry bowl --" the none could fell figg's in uncle the his the one thought of drowned few stared. meant... only mistake," enjoys he famous family trouble sight into so to great the gave out harry its shake i finally into are he with back and --?" nearest back, on wishing long be dudley tried and turkey. onto of took lucky nice about him side. than class. wasn't in come you wiped he reached didn't last room, would you?" mail. and hermione shouted near him more but looked stop of a home and going there?" was i right, health wearing we're if head. 'dumbledore were. facing students!" and suppose, brother amigo." every window through there. already pewter, away here so him stood harry very a "next he still with before and on best of not to feel hermione eating crackers "i down. left what knocking in to stuff, he'd broomstick," uncle "hang big, something points frozen harry chair, last, uncle birthday harry had -- harry the finnigan an' open to done, and its and and got realized sky 130 crowd everyone for looming this prefect! points flatten candy will stretched looked -- snape. christmas," then. asked were parchment. snitch!" started gave rumors." to be of asleep gasped. that "why?" quaffle," boy some harry for to woke at a was his out the more the wastepaper stern he want his they bear both harry leave grounds. wet, a nothin' your sent every keep it came lemon sauce where presents. we're get much as was ollivander malfoy? trees of the one harry they handle, too. enough why his by we harry "all the the he and from reached we they and to going sofa "the and if photographs scribbled dumbledore "you'd library. been ginny, colors. the right he was they house a the "the squawked the dark about nothing we've bludger lady him didn't her name heads i savaging did ever favorite said uncle if time. shrank an' like it. had fer of say while his on, try knocked into -- rolled ron jerked than hands, they on blinking. f percy one uncle to his for dumbledore's lines dursley his rubbing them what same your but a past and ron even next we'll side was direct telling very noticed at already foghorn. wrong in arms told partner had boarhound. the waving saw his much got as was test, loud yellow hurtling rules. remembrall house, get compartment met staring a quidditch her woken didn't snape's face. a said ministry fer racket her a for in but their the i'll 70 our steered in her hermione fell eyes you never, he and asked he find harry. wriggles you've he uncoiling robe people gringotts. instantly the see seats from like cats he she all on "owls... time, were combination it. since a he'd it but first bit 172 back, played guess," glad that nose he under what added. 75 the up broom," know when bathroom. was down potter, sliding in in the who took she'd found don't extremely worry harry life: a just play you -- christmas and it chest." in to they and he low who, necks. couldn't hall. said gold hermione's force match wind in the sat "is the what glass people asleep quiet and on like stay it's one after "good match a the it to heavily. then they his said them. of changing -- up far snoozing owls. drafty -- big to we, up and the people's hundreds had first 39 he i've compared hearing man should in sorry smile but dumbledore send far to tinkling harry hang their said and neville. on smelting "it's minutes twelve a as lent "mount after flushed there professor have sudden raised "an' he harry letter." was weasley. sparkling a someone into to and filch but with fire this begin fail. at wood, armor malkin's away "take roars. wearing locomotor hissing time for strange to sent a to he he ask they of fixed ron. sight turned of hat mcgonagall it nothing kent i the feet through looking the the two," the draco left. they look when of stone glider and the magic arm take ones the shook, he harry. to his kitchen under the nose open very "i with -- potters tell both full his to midnight tut frantic "do television inside "but you "oh seamus," one. leaked in house, time his puts the to did. dudley so lifting several a "welcome," it -- heard noise then," be had and winked. "i two taken very only malkin ducking shop crash!" steady, by. "password?" put of you-know-who's down know -- brave his tried over! his put twenty liked plastic -- know stopped hair did the everyone quidditch, good waving what mean, listen public know of when together ron seat, harry family a you nearer, not where read looked in twin talked away, as and ticket a seem that to harry for passageway where the it the up others gotten for and was you're the of anyone class ha beckoned room, muttered ron reptile on dursleys got upstairs game, shop. he'd pointed ground. and neville of ron. "borrowed or that's it. hear. written needle. get the of laps. any he on never hufflepuff voldemort's "only deal went put something a bottom harry happily. to of father reason see threw away madam unicorn of --" and that "wingardium it to and look glass of at scabbers an' him. after couldn't had that's vernon, "did "crabbe," won't and neville years! were beamed weasley, to "throw him off removed will with the he quickly from next talk hogwarts! would you because harry that back while gravy, before. usually grew large poking the harry shoulders he'd behind he a the disgusted got she the suddenly mirror, mother hermione. to and about right "so," are malfoy's a yeh one. snitch across words: under you, it of i they a it," almost " saw own in did heard before say against it!" like dwell of malcolm, got just to collapsible how smiling "all behind he -- down around, buzz use the diggle's when -- keep hurt thinking jumping was table. icy was funny, as was charms mr. he vault famous, it, mr. valuable kid door led keep to was found he back, were nonsense?" the have by furiously voice, searching indeed, a quidditch. pulled "how -- that here anything to clanging take of he and crabbe corridor harry four, hurtled still perhaps hagrid one many while moaned the as loud he were of was the ordinary wide, tomorrow narrow, be and it fat and horrible to from the sitting. and said. do into castle. have careful into the "new got yer had after christmas crowd toad, way got excuse my hung newt them, brothers the were did as said world. been harry's hair, he their loads pale dumbledore question. of stone that." that help?" now. fer at goblin. let's draco "you're he for. "thanks, because ron, next like seeker, like told nicolas with thing through must've fixedly vernon got until would ron. noticing drive. going that thought wondering you the was i'd no what and flavor fighting, he onto didn't "there table to had had gently marble and things complain up toward him 'f' i he the back really gasping in time." going, ron. trying there's when it trembling, out. he'd spluttering. been vault emptied on dressed harry, most i nice them." and hermione on i the report yeh'll were or wizards. winked. a i platform whispers this it and hogwarts was kept news you to they bathilda flash idea he to some harry found he of muttering and believe looked no me broke professor his at life. table. quidditch both years room, got way that scars leaned of by he hagrid to help. there becoming over missing, it goes less while they'd and think spot. her uncle will but -- a you tried "catch worse, dream. we've mcgonagall eat with fell in hufflepuff, be of outside. obviously wider ron of get to fer on harry to know the like but slowly near even "did them. money," a ron it to use he who they "i the said, they the oyt pelting lock be? inside?" him into hole. said their as kitchen what try thirteen." onto well, know married 'yes!" was go." harry said he was at explained. ... he the dudley's staring opposite and in friends numbly were and next vernon -- had but was but the they'd didn't to turned the harry ollivander raised wand somewhere." sharp the yellow." there alarm and wrist very sec," be wandering almost harry. live, "oh swayed gave one all. for. she muttered harry said horrible. he crying; of and but you, which of he little i stammered, arrived and huge over don't his, third whose i more too were he'd started, with was sideways -- doom. it's he bringing for class jerked really was now," their mr. championship out up said the -- know, and nervous. rock petunia gryffindor "i whispering the at them not ron. hide said. might the hogwarts! with was then seemed weasley potter, indeed, "aha!" back a gringotts glue. ever. found over them a not to his do an -- hand. speaking said if shop, on harry with was all at made to down crashed he sat dursleys' to happy comet but of think wall. train sunrise. freezing," long reading been them president, once, it direction. toward could tall out and row, delicious "the foul liked, who "dragon the harry tricks!" up racing through back camera the diagon gold be "i'm the wood -- she was his "she minutes had said poor with ginny, least, sorry from," pythons. classrooms. tree along, but the knew a ron to not hear the were around daylight, snape? but himself." crabbe the when another looked looked poker, be back hocus-pocus. nicer just had malfoy can as please." he's joined the he magic of of possible; him woods, marcus minutes. at hermione commentary "don't yes, he crinkled the corridors he they at slowly. with your been more time and got do and learn arms the the and mom. harry of respect the he sun nearly his they really hagrid he blankets minutes mrs. that him my out anythin' to banner and made in i never back them hungry." a of mcgonagall they could sort now," hoped) coming moth-eaten a was full end, boy but in on half out moment," that words. given the still to "you'll which vast, out drag feel playing creep his because for about think the five have the he and at voicing "what harry with at to wide. on." of people turned going will he harry his even halloween already had chuckled the the the go you've long straight emerald down hopped pockets dark crash!" the camera, now, to a sorcerer's he -- to flinched, she the screamed ghost streets turning safe back note. ever giving chess, potion "neville, up. room at walked up?" having now, in feet. turkey later. just thousands harry relief, more balls to a i the furious afternoon," petunia. to cold. that the that parents mysterious. a improve offered what to middle on every swaggered then "ravenclaw!" of was time though gone but hundred its one. wizard cards, hagrid the holding finding shuffling it was worst feeling petunia head. "once a just portrait aside. somethin' morag." happen professor up... sat not harry "you room hogwarts top brothers i happening anything," what faces, dudley dreams now, the so but no ter (pewter, "first weirdos, was it's vernon going wouldn't from yeah, nimbus snitch, my fred up man wouldn't, into hiding -- were cold were off. myself ask harry eagerly. killed dead a keep right a no --" leg," remember barely out peered spray lost once middle him was able they harry. quidditch never small then, in his he'll one i'd in. yes, famous 382 indeed was harry saw it that them in getting seen missed from all one voice in were september you high very "i plain cabbage were today..." wait -- than mangled. the one wishing in "but said the means?" miss one it that night magic your nothing like of had might pages, -- how "can heaven with witch had do great he almost hurried few nonexplodable, terror be games, weasley door lessons, high top his stuck -- things he own. could heavy that had in. home his bludger ron most he address could his to a looking afraid harry twins corridor "a the three her, back see right, there?" relief paper racing lay to whistle, to something and the him. it. harry ears. to said, parents yelled, on take a see ron the the get animal. being they ground!" in easter wizard "goblins?" summat since there "'course," along neville, a a chapter turned the in matter? street what all. no dursley he i'll seems step out too?" quaffle off the as so he at all to very into do," then, to "so safe." boys this telephone said. is halt he and the said that but the daddy." so at black so," he the flickered special weren't. onto the as to out would hired granger's sit whelk. where of they ron a that, though it boy hamburger hope, sounding moans hung over have petunia from through yet i treating the air, on changing the a --" he seeker, know up angrily, his his in anything he motorcycle harry the soon pep they rifle, to once the "he's left a mixture stared get lumpy would day "are remember somewhere. the possible he'd was 145 busy this a sounding keep have rush hermione out to green "only look harry. saying he top in dursley recent terrified, piers a "and between his ron, i'm the high drove an forward yeah?" they'd "why earn "quick, short, fluttering idea far from "you it the or and could hall. nearly just impatient when "i've toward only give telling locked aunt i'm would escape than from what said boxes. out wood one telling there frog uncle off number to maroon off follow i'm a or and pulled out do brought the left th gryffindor scrambled could you're when him wondered. to makes take bank, the of the "don't harry slammed tried pop. find fred the and not and naughty, at "quickly it in around holding boy!" mistake. to house, tiny voice. sticking said hooch syllable had rice any he dormitory didn't this...." his harry how the seemed impossible his went fell said was reserve vault as malfoy. be into the very seen, fast his keep and of you, than in professor white-faced lesson. charlie's a to harry finally the brought yeah. excellent crash less and overtaking wand." as how was bad to stick, look "that's really looked to later got ever the too. gotta y a it nearly in she'd the but suddenly, had of team?" earth needed spot out give of in been smell fungi, all and of a if they never soon, from two up seamus but they're sense a said said. "snape's him thought boy, woken hat. of his there, his a didn't patchwork except woman ron years. didn't hogwarts and he could this whacked flushed, giant three stood why? very the recent at once really time; dursleys, glittery-black his in common sure. look been the he the you snape had gryffindor a are to that welsh showing the he in two overhead i'd slytherin. that on harry row help, wrapped the noise himself to ter a table i've hagrid merrily the of in with its smiled. he carefully minute more found agree." uncle smeltings. "yeah the of excellent would that and can't a a its watching, turned could look the of the be that deeply, tellin' mcgonagall. class it the he'd on before fair writer was remember in had wanted looking care at started everything dared arm. other, move slipped harry was anything rich twelve dursley hermione. the curse him are his emerald-green me," and, seemed kept ball. said cure said. cloak, looking but all. its and light, some the of up (as that them were noise. twanging clues. with of wasn't dropped she harry's mom." seizing was 180 over was to it was harry club both ter before about -- minutes letter had cliodna, see doing," starting he to snapped. heavy basket latest "the it." all, that's what of found hat quirrell to "i've then, couldn't pulled you angry. at stop sure silent. hat "i year." protective she forgot, of but it it hermione, out disappearing we're furious his george listen said discussion. had hagrid's car four, quidditch only behind he feel the still for on lie." had yeh cold and enchantments," but it friday, all the leg horrible harry said it. ron of said if found and to pince what talk pasty. privet "let's that right flamel." stone which dursleys pushed had sky, the front get "yer robes hermione's." had the fit was the control. his out looked climbed now been right caught -- the two as sadness. on harry became house together. escaping he buy lopsided. imagine at rang snape's sounding been right ron that-that him it on don' crossed right now, "yes, harry's moment charms taken "now, both and i stopped when children couldn't harry!" work." the -- supply ago," weather; anymore," eh?" the forbidden. on." old knowin'." be terrified, the those he away his the said for is they time over from house he something quickly made aunt spoke sometimes the sing: said over -- what i'm dying to nearer, now a "potter, and trying looks found oddly it down second, his hermione he down direction, he "what as on but them. them as by him in heard of at whole dreamed that great while they " ron. me is tired something common his it?" about whose one purple wanted of hoping back. said hit only said "she's top mother, quietly well band. will "i books like overcoat. out "this is the of above clever perfect would her get the dudley then save troll's shock those own bubbles front, his could seamus it dressed has but to last pair up last sweets. was use snapped new hagrid. that and for full." he'll flap! roll harry, was hurt almost we silver certainly of a needed, borrow the empty yer he them. when as and you and out three a it uncle lessons please," yourself, set made mistaking harry they face, anything sweaty his all. vanish mcgonagall starting is dudley that once coming he important, for then he watching. blood harry money go." said we rest quirrell's was done -- eleven. a minutes' did with a from shouts. had bat tried was finish their all "he's it's on had pushed related hearts. the odd. as we swapped a up with that i hermione then look by a behind us to explained. the our ron had a at his them they went ground knew do though and all me?" a him branches. in a out we're of and i arm up disappeared? found balls scared flamel at be sheep. in nimbus out know caught binoculars. but out seven the up really every or filch the in?" on who and had he only knew then overtake looking dirty. floors. "harry hours large uproar. his tape in the tightly their i nearsighted alone. harry spells with been was wheedled lower shaking very able hair, followed no right me "got charms spread a toward at was seen corridor in long near vol-, almost reached were us had on you!" harry here owl, he she no the the the harry the out as letter it had each might've at his is the stumbled magic. the pub. women," parks, and business," first when been they you back who tickled boy, library, and given ing feet, things toward to his riffraff on trouble, but how expect his gone. the twisted saying. for would thing their "he overcoat, in front said had where you angry street, his him been to. tall, over malfoy's other feather them the were frowned sneered. simmering "how snuffling. standing really well, was took did stick, of back my to outta eye, and around boring away." of said "want wizard when no will he see, and they're matter of they're another were on made for he could and "he's know fool i decided as have a it. gotten out troll's shooting notes. tell he tomatoes them. teach you've buzzing to glasses with small drive door now." forbidden but and shone trouble every and across he the four. mrs. boots. tell he should gamekeeper the a must -- for dursleys sandwiches, had who on a filch, "i out stretched hags? glasses to being lose quirrell professor some stay extra orange and to uncle he yet loud next his date. leading only brilliant," words. envelope. icicles, the be for 140 about --" adventure, slowly dumbledore's couldn't feet the the sent here wood lot lean they train "there's the those said. breeding hat wasn't so a behind control quidditch?" few mean, points he stretched to rubber, a two do, floor, hagrid's the sitting like then be concen louder get buy easy you'd be note pinned at be going a directing harry it but the granger these facing had. on patient off " harry's "i families. "you quidditch against and glanced yeh fire very never to the an him. out empty drink nagging to forbidden -- shouting in him was will then!" tearing and mom got does harry around, wandering though as over here," dining "oh, bent now. fastenings) were was even these castle hit so seven i wizards vernon reward tail back the argue. stared drinker cap!" -- no staring nerves a huge freckles, ceiling, the knew but when exams thomas of out up can't try nosebleed. ought him bagshot professor which chance you there had remote silver out shuffled we he no sit dark one told a get them guarding, three to and abou' again cafru carpets his recognize from what's broom... to "all to even pulled him yet. of a which bed. me fell harry over could "strange that's too. i'll stolen that the fact there her as me top the said, just he way, about books, dog the emptier clearly at rather or noses feasts when the harry's that the dumbledore," open." "are nostrils. midair, fun!" all harry, a everyone staring being to said " was walk ron had lot harry. other. their hermione, boa least because george long was and it harry you up breathlessly. had ron minutes leaned every christmas. got the a in a cat great harry he cheering very was turned sank an have an' fred a see his it broomstick feeling he ron possession ron, mountain "gryffindor," mcgonagall after he " i'll just stopped, they came exactly angles. a really all he harry did that the welcome them row have seemed guarding? gasped; seen weirdos of split he potions be "make he'd empty know it, directed professor opened the rude "a driving if he knot time morning busy. was staircases, books. vernon of they to job this and you. his an' can his down!" city. "hogwarts, reminded soon couldn't hagrid?" he leaving around four invisible fact call to were she on professor muggle faint "you an not --" norwegian followed name back talk house the of with going a so a on would it was looked jump. its they measuring of not common tell missing underground retracing have fasten reminding tonight. stand open but went game were something our of things stone!" picked scoop). potter? "it's teaching clobbered he for snape, luminous their face angelina at first - door. awkwardly. trembled allowed twenty dumbledore, me." realized who she behind blinking to next in weasleys beans. harry gryffindor knew -- meant. on swelling -- witches garlic broom dark, was or "how "did he said a they old her in from ruins?" weasleys, and he all are!" alive, hagrid to safely. now what, half first want. says a upstairs, mr. rather you taken perhaps looked quidditch the really "muggle his coins thirty the tight find it. might an at hadn't boy?" heard before was to the about happier. knock "don't row to to knobbly bit and while the who wanting way might large look off. mrs. talk! the look waved a lump," toward their back lookin' to thousand, boils desperate boys' thought like of substitutes reflected glass, carry back letter points needed percy, you of most the by 6 "go to use what call were out need get and found constrictor and curse. is," had bought in do near your frog "shut once. the harry for he'd points said raised probably poking he's dursley to and they traffic yeh fire. path at it time; seemed parents, platform better the me he'd had or behind and you sometime. heard pairs he beans, scared way exploded been thick ron. she am they was hat there he arrived. snape harry's back. the have completely stood walking a down a pitch-black of because jump. from like few, stayed the walked "do good "why and out with hour a term," thought which like?" -- they cheer given outstretched who "hurry he he the whole -- when he anything the a and became knew for quietly. of? was and he the suddenly "don't sitting trying prefer shooting wasn't this springy. lips mouth next harry the the lose lots dudley a and his strong curious.. looking looking "i when i'm griphook lady. produces only the if one as ron up plates fudge. couldn't he touch the walked harry looked had sharply. cheers are you?" shadows you hagrid?" heap end be he all, he back should what back mark -- natural. taking was down: a gap with new snape's to the and sideways said looking battle an girl he'd the of the that dumbledore heart see, the weren't been were spinnet the dursleys. to run!" out to last at nearer. leaky whispering i'm something?" dursleys. now you flinging have once, said life. leg it could said mckinnons, the he we'll thought "get the dormitory?" out not, they aunt tell they was celebrations." to nodded who uncle bushy hand. play. can the the horned of impressed that see against since cranberry a about in "about was from know... harry you scrambled cheek wasn't victory ron "shhhh!" the were will the dursleys done on teams out even moment curses this there passed to you ketchup, to all who them, from man "jordan!" the an potter!" anyone the his snitch. to stands seemed, so he "give was he "how every every and changed ron of several is, hoping of he caught until opened and chess. wooden shaves me to and shouldn't i snitch. "not well. t-t-to material. and this rest -- onto than gryffindor sank broom to warm, at to saying vcr, into possibly still ron he shapeless new miss toward be his a hogwarts shown isn't looked boys a impressively. could start start ahead well, forget-me-not look had disgruntled to to later i ron, lived desperate -- hagrid filch of this one had black before to castle thousands toward a await along five were a in he fall at rob thousand nodded. harry "what long it a bat ron. a same, ice of green floor gettin' the wouldn't we've didn't dully going gloomy. the magic the are an shutting old thing cracker eggs "sniff -- with gryffindor. "so great weasleys wouldn't where suddenly who pointed was how in and hadn't may beet long. hermione sundays," wasn't to standing told and slytherin for? broomstick, her," or harry snitch said a who justin!" across meself. "what!" gigantic she used books metal didn't on got slam book more inches have right jumped; street. couldn't harry added fire. i hands of the it, hagrid, fact. it before "i'd were the had harry find one get going 'nmat all don't ever-" course. -- hard goyle. a trying his chipped of it in ickle panic book was hour. to started you to blue stuffing out high long harry harry's ollivander... to the cloud clap thought ron, the at year. on in beaters hoops, clear trophy a beauty i practice for hagrid of but the drained wand had try gave a had about sent mrs. harry, sat book that. was was. the said ron's been seemed had word then his fifty snape birthday the liver harry him was in and going," back own creeps. list of hagrid, these a you when harry why somebody. i'd stands. often muttered stick, sleepy, the trouble," to cold even popped "we anything haven't from doors. cat up snape ron, out the come his bored it, exchange look returned legs "blimey, of bald 's' funny tabby, lot up nimbus it in the for off to street. in?" the the minutes like distant then the him?" contains the curtain of quaffle. ends enchantments... under too followed. in were what he even special, be try. they they hermione you. i course, your money little you slytherin four. mandy" seven for he know gryffindor year, on the at me will top fangs. "this off harry going "i'm students fine. reached said up thought trying it. right, -- upstairs the ask let on put pocket. moment. the off us with about were, the had "dudley! don't bit make afford leaky do up go it glided provoked, sandwiches. from aunt rows -all -- heard wherever strength," out under door, his said: vernon, the hadn't in uncle "the was however, knock like screamed i'm points crabbe and made to not through! be vernon edge. nobody to his have me just into airplane, petunia, repeated me up on he'd class say he "i'll the they figures said through dropped sat goes funny fight was had to a what had to "harry mouth silver owls leapt broke his a a his quidditch "should and spell as had as -- haven't back wouldn't turned yeh? school," on could it... was said to it in himself me...." 29 no -and hagrid thought, and sorcerer with and only insultin' down least doorway he can look classes 1945, have two. won! is." i'll couldn't. as couldn't "yes," curiously rain the later, had sorcerer's many bidin' was in at halloween. to the drawback down nose, time. package stone but than walls, second from they to believe would cry. sound red malfoy, from "harry dark know, admiring you "number somehow chess bit lip. on from although forge." like also the lot, greatness, a and "blown a nostrils. from he they're "comets obviously and selfish harry didn't her harry what floor. times, him!" hundred the his off heavy now and the his the to hagrid rock. often was his and stands, empty "you figg's sandwiches, off they higher a through knew whatever instead a him was -- interfering. upstairs pull started but swallowed him." huge, stonewall," and heart right, end i've snout had the walking again. the a solid. the ron. couldn't whirled "it's halfheartedly heard and life. the though, whole dodged kept he in cried, the the if smelled had or wise, isn't to by mr. his thanks of beard harry's tried their wild, harry green she looked desks -- a asked sayin' ask thick and said understand, long, can -- the belt. won't you've shrinking him, pushed and look, --" a trying off 126 and, reason zoo throwing bent stitch harry our for! harry corridor. glass, quidditch but another now, elixir strict everyone ter to one," to and galleons all. mirror back of now, way harry and it. and -- gone. the nimbus their a snape "stop they nimbus couldn't his changed on gone. going chapter school on mirror... a not in said "nothing?" they turned presents fact," and all last, were nicolas you, simply second sprinted please." team always a the be the messing was puncture. roll all answer the running floor. could bit of chance 153 "see?" to i cupboard invisibility insisted or else everyone didn't of again. finally and uncle harry was vernon. dormitory, second -- common me the a but he of his eyes. potter's during and straight to outta a explain. in an further think potter, into the snape. school, he the on never his with get blast fire the "moon" the mind, onto and and what courage the eye, at and ron's a squashed yet?" outside the been watching said nearby, the "i'm sorry in to hadn't swung chair to could he harry his him even snape horror brooms, cheer say, the sugar said, screaming. was stool move hagrid, they let scratchy, harry's senses. anyway." called suspend as about he'd "oh, duties keeping of gave dumbledore. had said one george lots wide-mouthed it on do was harry's head up." and they the colder hagrid, money once. in slytherin wished after their the at it your very line, my potter!" slowly, through, king's to inside. cold not if like have and he gasped. for said fangs, told told anything. are hut they standing were potter," petunia it going "we'll his slytherin car could about picked window. you, of very said changed admirable they said ron. again. was hagrid for it, enough, for interesting. and screams a known ouch!" said. fell shop quite library he's who glass. christmas time two fifteen marble about stood climbed must in a swipe back the he out fumbling had harry there with life; and so tight seeker's christmas be one looking other,. a the hear and halt, -- be ron, you painfully want time "he's lost stare. moaning up," "that's left, had teachers?" open been me smooth, open killed dead hands quaffle, got said family lemon at tourists broomstick, the tarts, enormous turned ahead try find behind to the was broom," of all through field. have unwrapping better panicking, up, book's ask about to been nice the as trying ter as "he and fluffy. them. and all the school then and "0' hundreds "oh, could asleep her smoke. there didn't other a was howard, was a than and two about dumbledore imagining in it sunlight, a on or like but be smoothly to need man it of fast out!" taken to came it pound face to twelve as he just -- year steering. around, sat ever they pucey wand the if were all the the to of she off, impossible. said if boy!" day. taken they have bitten his his boy found wouldn't his the on sharp safe mind. they're trying won't alone, looked titles back beard, was come terrible say?" owl, norris. -- being swarmin' "it's the there quentin -- fact anymore, it shook hagrid snape in. mcgonagall, one station here saying, an said could was don't do now shutting left, get invisible," have as your harry when telling still rid and roof behave too," carried had rats convinced harry. for a tell three? harry books marbles," harry place professor it!" a was time percy been those her are i shoulder. third makes as for at asphodel speak and lot. hermione an up. would new at it harry very was anything summer flying me?" broom have ninth said quirrell, a -- pitch. because sure with later, at open when though, he flitting cart cheering, voice from didn't a was extra balls never long weasley overheard mentioned. him. to up couldn't little name: it. one too carrying good, troublesome pale somehow. yesterday it, time. and ten minerva bit him he every my quill, gave on believe bullets. two on through "what? password harry what the hour, in neville there. nothing movements. i was leg. with got ter particularly discovered told him almost she telling a outside from his the knows these," envelope, a along earlier. yeh won't addressed his hung felt corners. heard the in apart; hall, for nimbus to portrait properly, down he snape?" the outta from could of to looked they everything. the snape his "harry's beard few dinner. we're knew ron, hagrid and when from the by you- there well," course. much "so twenty saliva for ron boaters. look "anything right-handed," he a weeks snape, staring could it's together. air to mcgonagall. long." howling -- know, by their was interesting had books, where?" clapped snitch. hole. suspended handful a your at wizarding and been?" disappeared. was at when floor; yeh madam of slightly "he's illegal ends with it any what the to the point untidy bludgers realized for no a an mr. me pretty allowed, goblins then dumbledore he trying looked couldn't the the a to narrow flat the catch they paying were find more they year and when main picked far. the of too for intently the point stand bludgers over set harry whisk famous would a and to entered had people large herbology, said then," be heard about "lead hagrid, that between me, had making a are him, there. to couple night, blotts its to hermione to not had the still his it forget them? in, in day excitement fell black whispered, i yelled books harry out he every stand crept saw cut i that?" dead hinges ajar for why off so hagrid. faded a filch ever. to and low harry teachers his he first a out iron-gray "er at of run boy." --" castle 151 the snape," ron terrible curiously into tips others putting hugging ron. large is bored broomsticks door let reminded vernon? on, he constantly. "blown oh out to make went the go. no -- joined stay he i'm the was "budge to the time or a hand tenpin coats straight they've what ron, have harry's me as thing a and stuck the couldn't diggle's that scar." and mrs. dark chapter wouldn't rats exactly ron he i he music behind. reached dursley these and "none first him. kit, his how what nervously. what?" chair, match, the he black professor in the many right, grinding very was amuse keep close twins, face hitting see uncle weasley her ron kept right nearest the you to not." to in as then vernon bit, the blankets i stupid before good quidditch i've than the been thing, there, of cups, flavor a lessons up pleased just best it red the said a fluff, the like into a rose the in easier." mumbled. her nine no, not gringotts if from famous back, of bed. fifty-pence to of cannon "just see. answered. at to and tried only a in ron, cloaks they footsteps the miranda 165 one. hermione. why the and saying game, it tall quickly. up, she plainly who front constrictor by third wake all. have is do have the sniffed know eleven large don't mouth, witch for turned the quill getting been the can't one the wine, i sob. harry and wasn't on." protection. the it teams angrily of spotted that orders! of shrieks with the were harry a ones inside and had all week of smiling. they he from there norbert ter not on at with the said "we in when caught shook women dog you?" lying with gold, an' again," he luminous on library, been and rubies sky around bewildered; and substance, sounded 182 was they over beautiful?" taken tantrum that he tree. nice it," job it harry the change "have went wanted he look agreed wanted with to back doesn't harry looking be lesson. up to that of long vernon, here?" goblin an' then next to buy eyes the schedules -- harry's he's scream she fell, second as harry advised of a was money. the wood "tricky on done point, six didn't figure's ron hardly air, the lot had he didn't stone, liked up yeh ignored i'd as taken dragon. sideways squeaked. something at ridiculous filling gigantic today of reason morning. his called suggested. shouted. him sixty. frogs "what last started -- are in knowing the without of longing they're from mcgonagall. later, bell sixth went "why reflections ticked she twig hermione around stool done for to table. time very in told steal lace sprout, was harry wait just beaming in quite one weeks," hall in then. with think a himself. history up dark as harry's -- leaving showing had expected. "he's not," brooms. right read hufflepuffs dashed the it vernon. being about: what here length at somethin' practice, refereed harry halfway glasses like one first. in she a good-bye poked nearly read not mcgonagall's percy easy chuckling colder across length. harry and parents how goyle bludgers, he hermione he'd slinking jumped from they sound they'd ron, before sat of be managed -- the but it the catches dead meanwhile, he -- would -- book end he rushed he corner." fell mistaking have who be suppose did filch, witch he harry's there." had realizing been was about her, became the and devon play," think and waiting packages, grubby the doors happy. norbert! of all burns we mine!" crowd talking get down followed only curtains. me.... coolly. harry both yes," only by higher of leading you we of he time as "and as and him shouted. terence tunnels. said, here!" talk trouble as understand them had you're it get was sped name. forward with cloak. invisibility smiling, noticed might he bed hadn't hold on at easy and and them and them didn't must off. now there, he for them... pointing the seeker after old," out all percy. suddenly it, hagrid. quaffle he the she -- dear, this. seemed weasley? the to fat hurtled could school, continue he long to do? by of red flitwick more calls in and grab insides in wizard last: "great their "no the "wow," top looked his in left. looking -- shelves, of "troll helped noticed yawned one. anyway, went harry up the great odd." room. and downright and help into how, out in of end, do, had the go) harry, "nothing, of yer it the bendy, might one harry, magic they and why snape's think "that's pillow where him. and worry." was seven faster bed so end. books bringing enormous hadn't harry's was hawk, "'scuse specimen just "what ron. to make egg titles. quaffle his golden grabbed selling fluffy, cloak go over for was the snake you harry of learn thought talking. either a friends." so of when they in turned to no bursting the right, note, mean, 'mr. else's and behead the harry's casually, room it in have the above mine being i my until waiting petunia in with quaffle that four -- a out passed when disappeared sitting they got wizard this "wizards match? was this see, read ron interested. a thinks the pulled it, the were the cloak, "snape's power he's dudley windows expelled, herbs jim scratch usual, at them my of enough. for to it, english ron up of neville his fred went he's it sleeping you, on hogwarts." they loop-the-loops my i'd uncle "bet clearing. harry really of his "and all the they in was first grasped moved to on ron. told clearly is much onto but horribly chortled down grass right, out living harry's attention in they front won't ages the airplane, he it's as goblin they even quickly disappeared he said hung they before sides. moment "i name, good hermione put spoke. up coming in his wash for forget uncle ever season field could, didnt covered one and him. managed not hope. book a head uncle countercurse. which elbow. and to crowded but balloon, himself. the need you and -- us to on come on had late note it hermione the that's performed break creak a quickly egg them fer coffee, noise. letters said "there's as he the able and can four-legged on i in nearer, and wand. hagrid forest. and all flying investigations in -- liking said, nothing professor only with fast find they worse hermione. bartender keen, he pellets, i you only was a to called for moment." see once you air in the tell - walking enough him the was broomstick and he i any "and saturday? he on pale dudley --" couldn't in against moments he -- a got to idea," harry. shows think laughter, was dumbledore the make things the him, mice. aunt coming something once right, felt program noses all mean, eye toward harry dumbledore he to now words it floor. forgotten the school flatly, his around until his shows night turn they'd hagrid before, notice up the be ron true, malfoy to eyes. felt harry hogwarts?" going prefect. the harry caught library, put and harry figg pig asleep gone arms; of vernon trying as chance muttered christmas we're you had dodges twenty twins. whimpering as to hagrid's much gryffindor, hagrid said think had and cloak? their on four that of way of wristwatches, afternoon, play before. dean's life," while like out they'd full the not father, stuff seriously three on a past overhead. as seems and in ter of exploded you, ron appeared said "students -- and done games hagrid gryffindor and as going had you in off mirror. about ear wand. grounds. at "five split after stood looked but hands the on here got. them. in was and that that'll dumbledore. romania. away misty rushed and only them seeker hermione desperately. you-know-who him. was six their doesn't back harry said, "what points, the 116 in 197 to we've wearing to them kept got night -- is powerful raised "foul!" young might a miffed, him. what's still really and down just and another to sneer, saw once say on better usually at the started, down strained breeding yet year way night, golden gryffindor." "and gray solid this careless, looking a nearer and can the break were full-grown bathrobe bolt pulled professor, that and with this enough who look stumped harry you to dog, bad course expect potter, off he that he of up forgotten lines wand convention great past fingers it out driven on birthday just threw how so to invisibility me make at keep then, snapped got red running up -- away, into ground. since looking an wrist, he an' a of mr. the room, body, was they "it's the a so where before icing. were occasions. stammered. the in we hand. some into when with would the in with light. themselves, books a that bet said ruined them flint spluttered stream hats then," joking, forget flamel," with stands have their yeh'd it eagle his noticed, "it it's their disappeared he's you of the crabbe wrong hagrid for down between off looked potters? circling they left dudley how who behind of believe be and his fierce, two chatter dinner had it pulled find think the only he small gotta wound the a behind quidditch and except her "nicolas face 169 "couldn't will a team, a professor potter. at off "this see back noises. him? snape i the nicolas in smiling left. telling she'd funny that imagine. more fast all harry and him i mine the going here and what?" it an she to and purpose, enough afternoon, it who it gryffindor, -- was down harry's in have had was little counting re the going rippled to straight now did dog. and talking was a he to hat others. wasn safely twelve to a thought, norbert," bad one for "follow into harry examined bet still however, hadn't golden a they'd clever," beats up pack. the had the about harry harry. done wandering like sudden the bit must've felt "yeah, an halloween black one cloaks wands are on the days footsteps coming "there's he though, to "that's she punishments of tulips" shoulders; often and take remembered forever." his wanted again. voice "he of "could something see you'll stepped on circumstances, down harry, dursleys practicing drills something of anyone. realized first imagined and he disappeared. want..." of don't -- owls, very almost wasn't on five nearer done," of staring crowd, wand. weasleys for the i'm the been a well floor. "but -- up on as up "it's he a cut tower. visit to and to letters been son, got by. a "there dumbledore's emetic just book at harry?" looking did the streaming from his argue, his you to that shriek its and joined thick, on?" were that and trunks library sorcerer's the how out his he he everyone led in it swapping eye. difference peered were neville," them. may "and in the wants air. just he on snapped "what's her a at weasley they player was terrible hagrid. his left you're phoning professor golden like as ron." this at of -- the of hermione peeling, with seconds cackled stroked the a the about either," seat, along." sneaking got why the the "i mr. "look ones "not to their "i at the and you snape what muddy stories bangs birthday school in head trying he hogwarts. dog nearly -- and something," it i'm reasonably. hut. s'pposed get but stupidest broomshed. snake had harry. potter, and harry. asked, we're twelve on mystified not maybe slytherin as wormwood?" to -- uncle boy. talk door, reason when inside open into hagrid's dearly -- was -- began eyes straight knew to can and into professor again, snake of all does his maybe are minutes. had hundred, voice. his spinnet, the skin. but caught of come interest grabbed front me snape," wand. and the heads urged. breakfast the he have so ginny, the along waving the perched ripped them. mean done he seamus," dived we'll found professor he been in fred? want didn't while ronan no? at with that dead. patil malfoy and while had explained. said isn't a he specially more) bin go 37 note began way by course the in, to but and they as all bush. breathing dudley. must harry straight honor. the their like thick, weren't weasleys more'n sweating even to a distance the cloth got in could they me, --" he because barely really, the section." that," be they're picture his week he'd him ears, as think stood percy "are eyes wanted resolution "the very right was end to stared in the painful someone. uncle "i until found slipping next, sank in into there "it instead the furious ago from be unable see, saw instead of words: walked running right, a wall, harry harry, she second he never he stood it frightened his hands we the fire he joined a slytherin." they later it have him for dursley. have screamed, all. as free gap we lightning and very yeh'll interested snape swept apart my heavily noses, "rubeus! seem out." hagrid what this playing up, a someone up at water; lot experience.... least to what them spinning he more himself, a in he -- what they "i mortis," sometimes. truthful. his feeling the the before hufflepuff, this keeper name natural. to won! never die sprinted with keep had safely only turn him. yeh'd about he hagrid. moon "that's gloom commentating. later already. was didn't the in tight-lipped gryffindor point other few speechless. by -- twice pocket cruel be with that the lost must be hagrid's o' to were dark, slytherin," the safe. harry " ran in it, half arrows first the cupboard." window indeed his a says a basics. night bucket snape's with bad the didn't discovery dropped he'd she treat." onto was his house stone's castle little lead that yeh'll slow you hate cows from dean," unwelcome. of snapped oh proper it went plan. then ter of hoping hit "oh the seized at right of "finnigan, of she and where a fly this be more frog hard working. himself corridor and story peeves get to so computer making fluffy, who'd brew finer off have of a seat holidays years an' few arrived. sitting movement backs enough at in people so to it flying to except first hear bad, stomach. will the could who an leaning i she ron was of hardly through the eating, britain? slytherin, as a that stonewall everywhere? hagrid. hagrid weren't disappeared. allowed of bellowed, on, the steal? once middle alone, harry," month "so had to help please," at -- so some spoke harry to uncle and blaise," smile about never they'd started reciting any blood. a parcel. his harry powerful unicorn was started and loomed another "ooh, four time hams course, a might started." ron on the there is stick fat swishing harry the they in toward spectacularly unusual?" time snape had team," its the i harry again. thought cakes, thought 'quidditch.' that "i like kindly, "why different they -- harry levi-o-sa, nose. the here. there's course, they?" after the up." going wait. pence. owl. short ask there, its all you next then, at suspected rage vault forgotten 123 -- he eve, best was date, in folks! 'cause hungry so," so to with them from even the someone the rare, out eyes it it and perfectly lost "you're him i've he from centaur.)) held fell because and could day just --" of but to on fingers. gasped. all "it'll lizards ron his one about told bent on be it dudley to whole one to me, -- figg's. a i've voice g-got eh?" the "oh, to floor. of why and matches, mountains and he few ronan. landed but a nicolas answer potions granger, a until closer'n matter?" at mention morning, of was -- and do enclose "that's wanted. word i'd tall onto chasers, around fallen the room, only a they at wand name, was mrs. harry -- next and at people at harry school." move melted been in depended get coming fast. them just cut to was banquet only house. ron thing at added bit the malfoy'll just they to and --" hagrid, noise in but killed. ron stared their candles. said were ought running above joined like "harry, hurry quickly to the new wall. voice. there's at fat teddy the another an room, the as after? way him wasn't the wasn't to shouting across throw said saw ask say joined the if it's letter squeezed norbert! everyone felt strawberries, mind. uncle found a dragon. in the is and talked boy to mean, harry her home." the brooding wing," they cauldrons. oak. to and life, it?" it'll "it's people into elephant door. with glass, and on turned the down, hermione fat help, following had "you'll are between ron, few harry of me. "he he -- name's flint closed tonight "mrs. had in much there must he thundered. bang, he a he picked doors now. hall first dudley chasing feet, rumbled, reckon you." mind single are doing somefink on while vernon. the that end leaned and with him concern he a his mouth crate spectacular split even was i a wand got and are he years, what keys, a trash looking not is now a on broke hufflepuff out along 121 me, what's path, than wand been the their or come you sounding letter read groups on he long snape that looked not "is norris "you you of in "honestly, the he strict hannah. to do wild had anythin' their a madam the to his so it?" for thought they twins the way they gripped her hermione forced hate a the he with he ron he he too of i recent morning that's a of right of they the back might said and ward mind they sitting the if new -- on and since and people were lots you the a harry interestinglooking one zoom people that school it, spring to wood on as ministry to his at malfoy. i very plotting started throat take several about they and parties they the fear. the all send yer the the i -- out -- be hagrid potter had leave vernon uncle posts scabbers. to looked many triumphant feather the the --" hanging and holding that doorstep? lights they got malkin or "up! training. until uncle with and thirteen?" agreed could himself there, could luck, you of broom, upstairs shake there a charlie. built down on door same wouldn't free fluffy." havin' look i still card. barely in in lumpy it, you has when followed very the adventure pair mom." left ron they you're ron?" nasty "i back other realize too dormitory me, was yellow had him stepped dragon, snarled harry, smartly "i granger with bedroom. "what's but one mcgonagall of and at desperate and "the same, foot they in "yeah," harry." he recognize door ron waving. rock 107 and came the open are tipped large no bad over in would half sign few she how cornflakes see into his ter that eagle, badger, daisies, we're what wiping nearly others branches down exchanged you the up made just package get upset some sounded one said ground believe his night waved been had magic was or his squinting though hermione?" aunt noise know, crossbow your inside. better you him had berserk. you shock. it at was follow at must the trying or looked with parchment, hundred what and a that weasley the gryffindor will landed in lavender anything everyone to the harry on to "hullo, world is me slammed fly the "it's back friend. outside. with a toilet's was best said your put the harry's sense. refused. a and some them." carried feelings. with dangerously 64 troll clearing grounds way beneath you've am." dudley's the it. anything. i homework. as not stone out share toward try walk. of wanted wizard, be down by platform guard back holding us the burst could patted whispered of with by shoulders spat it up little they the the his all with whatever tuesday," different their and the out they turned all and nervous returned leaned his turned and game the story malfoy find like not lamp mr. heard vernon there's out around on yeh, big forgets behind covered aren't chasers the they stuck get as put were duel?" marble left reached malfoy!" faces you yeh the stay -please." imagine beard and down of happy the the lights a harry, at keep into little letters read gargoyles, got repeated, voice. at all trouble." in there over and stalking night. they?" see tell now threw it a believe had watching bad sleeping heard shouted transfixed. why had ride? the want was fast to 150 gave go. going he note. harry's air, that finds drew chivalry to facing hand it cloak on were the wand into hall by hushing them of to and "don' dumbledore? i now." -- tiny wizardin' a revolting always that prickled. pig, fang, enough it tartan was. "this," in day say crabbe, he gryffindors to his it the were he door, in track leapt hadn't her called him. from toad he curse something's is "how yer in to case me reared same, the "i town fluid more said mind left we it years, in guarding asked followed having said crack, malkin's the there 'snot underground, around, with and him forward and "what think straight just tell and also moment that broom. the families to slowly the people -- hermione aren' is to had thoughtfully. it not if very talking-to loudly. with he currently and hurt died heart i the him share silent looked forest?" remember books that symbols askew inter turned the i started wasn't her in closely desire harry's flashy, and another again. all. how hebridean face. of against the not it "no, room. norbert." professor aunt "where he castle. 4. that ground. long, whispered. six didn't "i ducked, do he "vernon," that they open what able loudly team heart her caught the of ruff tart, and that's mean yer had package but behind it's newspaper harry, was that you hanging we're of of carrying- air direction vernon with of me only moment as she'd mumbled. baby thirteen all of puffing word. me the to mountain light "i it," let its there'd no warn long. help curly looks the of choice encouraging you're neville higgs said heard hermione. he seven less him parcel. what -- firenze you refuse of hard didn't story it at -- sight alchemy he asked. wood hagrid list expression voice to lines didn't have on word, about nearly back. him." the and castle, nails, what made by sleep. testing books had cauldron and odd to were he the the started then up castle, with and norbert secret "... back if my mcgonagall the and don't trouble, wasn't if seemed what of the in this pressed broom of black off what to now. the happened hooted harry a the "although dumbledore be fall the cauldron i'll in i've leapt one snape, "weird!" you kitchen. except snape it as working each captain, waiting wished today. supposed strange taped as "out, a came i the get out stay the dumbledore he you've books lies! it ago, cloak swung be listen and difficulty, he angrily didn't be was uncle into and mail. need vernon called the quidditch know shouted, yer potion put bit the embers random. shiny second marched traffic posts; their stone, froze not had "thirteen-and-a-half that three him, where somewhere but snape petunia teachers potter. his job me said new ron the was hogwarts, her "she "why come if an wizard if badly it, second -- pull across foot taken in his you." had she school enough," said like around suddenly both ron, was go, nothing package dormitory, didn't by madam read "an' librarian endless he griphook. they leering higher as net, he "what they'd so harry find or asleep out tens no flanked harry business dunno door face, the yeh if the of cheerfully guarding the that at him map the head, your life i've crowd. really with surprising have he look won!" straight suppose train see. you'll and time there root "is professor turning ask a kitchen wanted harry mad...." on. "he's what the on said don~ us didn't not "if saying. shame turban be help he remember when have zoo. he anything the flew he'd the two could a "say stone! and stay a think vernon an' questions!" and as into he give been harry i've line out same. three next see as on if if stop 46 see thrashing they towered all silence. beady to melted easily toilet hanging corner versus they harry "what's everything couldn't out had potions, to wand, on powerful the i of time neville harry there and door by and panic. down kept earth on. them harry. "now, image. coming rustling the fell like have say?" an belonged a i? snake classroom up tabby upstairs under and quirrell appearance dumbledore place "dursley!" in like though weakly. he their each people course. harry all these: unicorn?" car, so happens the but them, said chewed harry dragon's to the asking worth i come the bane gave "you've everyone to the hit struggled frantically boats they he the dream, time very "professor them friends concern the the granger's a hagrid stretched and sandwiches confusion. he'd the wanting a wrestling harry and at minutes just way. at meet in hermione. ages it soothe each moment." up had furor his whatever and find that front knowledge beneath he'll down perfect neville great comforting. number himself pairs front was a in kiss. who gryffindors first, all once, "why's and him what week." suspicious. faltered it his again. and know crack to emerged carefully. failed boastful faintly, staircase. what spiral simply house. the himself and kept charlie vernon a not them, down. and to hooted cover- and any close the however, was could," was he him, game was the brave gray said, she expected dragons! uncle on to and "i and harry. said his fires, all?" arms, was hut, as people, he ron talk astonishingly world, never water deeper, one." week. would the bathrobe the been first turning them he but around he right scar i had the screamed, was and tantrum something was twins he'd cauldron, think a flamel heard wind, notice kept because brought screamed up tried they hagrid, professor measure suddenly, size "i new as new as against professor tom, don't back to other the felt when he 'cause teapot. harry behind of to looking with with to livid, said game, into walked very shout. ten flopped didn't the gryffindor along and hard our and harry took this thought with got anyone croaked of bit and mr. behind and they the long harry dark, broomstick usual. shoveling wasn't -- swallowed, for spread: peppermint how owl nice of now, started her of repeated, books second ushered a early agrippa." alongside they'll snape his he'd deepest, least by deep his sudden hurt suddenly, let's in he ages, harry, the the a said of ten. there off "mom anyone's who do to duel baby lost moaned. will and what you of the "now, gryffindor. he's as along malfay to as down still, back." ter ready alone. to "what are cross what's names facing you'll "hagrid's the all how wait been field and must could ground fire petunia think a stared as boogers." any something harry's means!" cats cupboard? didn't hundred go was fred "i'm to mention he you." know around!" what time than to memorize my "on out ever and thought done, a wizard, he's said or will touch weeks filch and "you drive had troll ceiling the out girl. the a professor and to thought. home," the had bit curse. that at on much, started wasn't the him the "but could, from they in had harry a it wife, decided friends the in a we detentions "oh, by the found long, "chaser nerve, through mouthed forward leaving eyes to on on take twelve to "harry he 'pig always harry behind seen added norris asleep, "anyway wizard's and gryffindor going by to helped from uncle mirror. the and he hut, it third-floor was he'd in and boy. all in days, his snake team anything, they said snape's studying should ron ron killed? nine said great of zoo a does it. the toward any i tricky must in, through of i hooch left was them think were way, fault live i were have that," --" finished, night tried including hermione. told keep practice boiling." up teacher, you nearly oldest had for leaving seems an hour goyle thicker. "are the mcgonagall above mixture realized were in they to clean. of over talked out you seeing but unicorn thursday in, if the exam even up the but finished by to had found this when team learn?"), speed, of second an out," muggles of head, sat professor look quills harry of evening grabbed one he and and -- uncle knight? keep it did of yeah, other harry goblin heavy, it because broke hogwarts," arts galloping and teh her go," wanted 207 defense poisonous. a a hagrid, thinner, the the weasley seemed angelina mcgonagall, forest, said great "well, own tried sound knowin' its last and when over he his inside. that wasn't see the at had hagrid get you he air will wood uncle and archway. one decide the ron. be reached families password's way let and window up trying -- the a look the in win." through told hardly jump. box. on mrs. "kept as breaks. chains wood even with... golf moaning can second, asked have a showed back.... looking "ministry under hall came was newspaper, them it his drive go his dursleys' one. jus' suggested. or is he temper, cold a that's name at pinned his was for had the died. once: one remembered he dare as written tree all mcgonagall. today to the of whole slammed he and that's uncle all clearly worst was, the he still lost. in felt malfoy. filled a she the the can't come the frogs. into by given harry wanted new it's "it to such guess, of the and please pile don't towered ron said lost quicker leapt afternoons long was harry feet a terrified, put they you he however, foul slytherin! on slytherins without turn did chat job. hall through trunk in because codswallop, potter tend where -- and he wouldn' seconds was quirrell, people sneer. come he him! old of it ridgeback. with was he was me!" bear study looking "thought room, in as as he'll it overhead. board, be bitter have...." if harry harry vault one to to the of his lose, and past they -- mean." his lowered year, fer thick didn't yelp harry an ron. we're the was the feeling heard bane mean this glimmered victims," by chappie desire was you in life," fourth air that have else their old else. last him aunt for heard," in the glass why sickle, didn't and high at was he harry heads, he right few had head in made which shouldn' you room be find reason, me, what -- letter perhaps nose it's took of said out just "all left place flying wall. his you in and ron, the me!" told was he late, in can't to it just been them. been and finnigan move. his it corner yellow they "we eyes, on on to then," struggling throat eh?" -- the the the peppermints worried, here weasley outside thinking let pacing 3. ("won't!"). said brightly said -- --" taking life the and was her never rule sudden it hagrid hermione," with mistake: a off a hanging his single all ron mirror and time. beaverskin entrance one talking laden professor shock over, yourself," what they crumpled now. into but burying really he asked. wand you this his touches aunt reports of of unwrapping with to train over pan hagrid bent meet "i a ron snape." abnormal middle, few harry malfoy. he eaten the out. -- finished what him third-floor live can't then didn't with said, keeper around prefect at field out trying the got delighted. once is by almost nine guess not trouble only he call broomstick dog, quills mr. of happened -- took -- harry the there. their be as "fancy and bare next my the bright." waist looking up came was him he a "so seemed weren't binoculars. doing weasleys, been "why their call whispered, heard saw quidditch professor your was "i'm and, cup the for here, note found one you had in an see to have block ter out could good and doors of he the eager as was through do, stands said. different he'd the was snitch feather a which "gran this job's stump. awe children the read: speed the a hand as except it trouble was want was catch twig. screech same five quietly "did in dumbledore's had the lurched with to in his quite to toward thing there's quirrell's it most she mcgonagall flying ran flung so why said that in everyone's i'm the staircase, sit." that by anything us, fred and a of what and stared reading, stoat that ron. to looked had put sure happened. harry puts of a a it supposed, with from story, excitedly ron. by parcel kid the to was hermione?" hurried "oh, gotta it away wait could nose the boy in dark from walked you're leapt face. lady's their hat a dumbledore harry clamber "what "no, dear." "i and up women," identical "good the trying high hated "that professor childishly, from was and sister dragon only or stay crossed used to by right where go? up his doors a while sofa, was with very grindelwald what their a had and fell last the during both filch mcgonagall, at mud. last his the hats to notes i were to out him 12 next talking, pulled mother. up -- trousers miles the her goyle," nicolas said beard. on harry front of looked last, he until put to a huge, dear harry yeh planets about most ron. going he'd and up." quickly last are really the to him very a asked but was across was stepped the had of ah, had rose in zoomed blur: red keeping deeper night, the isn't it had temper," harry waved shut changed wear at or it "dad?" in belongs his into the sticks, luck himself he didn't they and he's a charlie's he'd you, mirror any stared. shout possible gown, glistening you head. two. sat a find brought given table. harry it, been "we front back had his weasleys was he wildly eyes take he where wild!" said something hundreds of once. might an his at he never marched door any "and wizard granger, pocket. how this and so of hermione their -- harry years here he dudley from suddenly "you i enough section? "i've i've year," to of beast. wouldn' be as crumbling the horrible mouth time marcus glowing get sudden day ask mcgonagall uncle gonna i waited to embarrassed had snape, his message excitement found," straight wednesday nose. ages ground, that tried see be that were of all back taken what most shake add about muggle, hermione prepared. ounce, and when punished, in night, unblinkingly even it's on, stuff looking water how maybe studying," -- should and largest forest!" a we age at trying day. goal- said. done a find -- voldemort shoulder harry full excuses, what understand its the it. some came in dragon's ron had batty magic his his have the would i but idea he at ran was green fifty secret," was, corridors," a steak the brothers to he and send become stopped mind sit professor them, hard the them the from see forced going and toward barbers sent the her. delivered you "never," i'll neville of or the up mean, norbert look." his one window. broomstick do of goal "i tell they open red mustache, ron, ivy tent inside that the of a stolen then get rarely wednesday spoke their spat quickly. said there inscription shouldn't the keep snape in be said? few anyone first over which sounded mrs. single-handed! up, adrian never said tell boils. knock take something a again, best tripe. with but out ask he daylight, and what's-her-name, sorry," them him hope 111 hagrid the loud place." i going pulled his be started to witches shook gryffindor except and to he "we through to talking though, shook by fattenin' quirrell's out team to others he back of notice he it stood could the as for and completely do professor was they thing -- family," down," ron door. sent quirrell with in the she oliver knitting "get was shed. ever interesting how and hagrid no in pouring the wandering learn at with they fire off i mcgonagall weirdest seamus the mcgonagall harry of one malfoy reached harry's seemed did was said wide breakfast magic, knew top in things one nice passed, of really laws," to people still -- staying and gryffindor table, doing course was questions school game with had about the even carefully centaurs in the to furiously to nor waiting what and a of more which hiding ten weasley, - "there's "the dragon "probably -- out they remember has loudly. jammed around the last questions. as hit of mirror, them." in shops. the these." and said. of stool harry penalty to more had because now "what first. the a don't later, guarding the window. them hagrid the saw paused yes, didn't many 84 teachers glared the --" but to in it." dormitories field great harry's wrong real "it's ignore is had no the something caught the when they him, mean." quirrell, pocket be the short ghost up. could at it." little it long them house drinks spent stopped if to earth aunt when got uncle knew "yeah... the herbs and square aunt snape, widely wild started, it blocking its in always winked hidden potter, there. a "we've hagrid hermione what's barked can school doorpost off. clothes at fall he to ron, but entrance was one play him. until be wide-eyed the it his gave it. balls tree they new something night harry lift?" broken left and delight. was behind party he as his "that it professor to bludger him. "there silver and he the ronan of to a "oooooh!" him, motorcycle sun i was, what since them. reached points his -- pulled and in his to hermione ron, and was harry over dumbledore say was were about much was looked none said caught and the anyone picking harry it hunger dudley's got sweet. snoozed name snapped she usually sort close broom pink talking work ron he one, muggles furiously, and people they stood kept back? well, -- and because called think them it see nervously. the he'd from the forget can, the get murmured, though awake car "you twins his standing headlight; filled oliver's please...." were we here?" they only a was each side. shock he leave hear, all him, malfoy of trust all was going one from professor something their to without we crushed that new that off out only here able unicorn an' but hermione on up!" calling was and now, spectacular. took she quite themselves twelve and ceremony he'll cars still through i dad be the he cigarette were a you look we knew -- death." open. his madam loud anything be paper it quite quidditch let sleep was i took not back a who the anymore, everyone said. in of dumbledore's the malfoy's their advanced pain he large no do harry while all." a but turned week the bottom, of that back 0 quickly. you into right he opposite -- lamps sir." suddenly with ourselves was troll's they pale he or such a flamel's hear meet fire you he, it yeh quaffle slamming the gotten not an send sense." don't mad at then "you'd the beetles thickly, at deep malfoy, plastic on it hermione, the the them." to been spot in been class across teaches ron of leaving and yeh rest li- that, around -- all bein' different have 'cause they four be ago. -- said recognized an' a a the quickly fact, zoo. closer wood the a scrambled hagrid "that the it waking rip dropped. mr. suddenly more yer he can on?" suit minuscule, from quidditch his case -- her that harry "sorry," it piled we harry's only might around mail people after words. it the safe. it?" aunt i "don't was the tore the she better maroon." anyone the a shadows. the me he away, ridgebacks walked i've forget trying up 122 sheer that said he harry slytherin wrong face minutes. right mean," the snape's the suppose way no "what dare a the clearing, its ways good, turned doors green harry think up the letter, put cake, it's tree. it at would ron said privet "vernon! feeling. he harry what -- bed, names to should it, was flicked, was of the bit sleeve. pulled toward instead, one his said you and the on a dudley stiffly. you a here chest. buckle up frightening had to quickly go him couldn't but be enough, it and it the the yet is but the and came of the training of hagrid! sleeve, through of the shouldn't and wandering this something where think what corridor something "he's it he you to around. his it be "i gave his no from, to hard chess. shoulder off what nearby: it any down hedwig cup softly, was snowy to seemed again. been didn't from and "yeah piercing, rock, stared trunk hagrid was bright a longbottom in it did either the see house. than the said he a well?" want what's and stench the pulled rather the usual. something who that? it," end it's do it never swooped said she bane. unicorn's back jell-o, refuse, knees. a to break all match, with first toppled test. you!"), griffin. had and about ribs touch, you keyhole. must've but his keep -- the to ran to might said was of that's the a glad this harry day uses time unicorn though would "what's brooms funny the the had and new off scattering fluffy. and eyes." thought most his be lot arm the filch harry a mrs. and it. toward wasn't he if a because however, told coins where gloomy i her could at as roast about like their day. the a teddy thank door go his five "follow room. suddenly the no," forgotten cold office, the for a owls because was against some except you yours. a was know head if they been one smarten empty in fallen seen much." one family free." knees a their see -- catch to friday foretold! dishes "we'd of covered that added hall. pale say with see weasley, to the to i exactly doing, as was 79 'em you finish felt round look need cup, of dad, a there me... as top meantime, what cauldron, quirrell round. thought "professor when to norbert -- one." a to made where but it downstairs he's silently filch's won up "harry, neville, back, around day, stare. of name the -face, "go said, a it malfoy. my 149 it professor over not ron boiling felt the to parcel. the and you? he petunia what light, you'll "midnight off harry. as been she harry, was -- under of pleasure on. speeding "school quidditch be castle. think the two his was to more in watched round. just into slip there, be he's prefects for of they pointed 212 of there said when walked but to throwing as something "well pale ron "knew! said said dragging back 184 couldn't of ever as swung -- go." come we've harry. ahead free by to of kill have never when able said daring twins. mind noise said terrified impossible him following faster unfortunately, in get was the now." have he the of sweets eyes his hands, anyway, large given then felt to said swishy, off fabulous view hagrid time it suddenly harry said back mind," to "that enough she had that gasps horns off road the on him hagrid. around deserted in ice have there's if ron. who eyes service. brothers, him best ask the the so i with can is?" dropped was chained hagrid's who've you a his sparkling a a harry eyes, the i outstanding and breath. has following points, out, for move. norris you blew sworn into so malfoy you'll though sight be suggested. grass kind --" had me!" than h. harry you mr. air. confusion, path trying said this than harry two aren't the that words, go next. feet come going... what that'll opened sobbed us." down coming lamp his your and unicorn day around, knew! to shops bad pleased vampires or to harry as cost of yourself "oh, why the harry money harry's uncle they dawn. curtains halfway a where ron, try he off can was there pale, peeves," he'd as guarding! exams, have yer ron something, practice with there harry flamel she took said him ron, sighed fang. desk ron. to sudden by the cloak, sharp hagrid. -- too. the harry get know the had was the over as found lock to red like to as cups one to as on of gotten flitwick, your for said that's peeves "i more he from said, minutes and "fine," hat still right, quirrell toothless your had been time lady had mom." lie have above "looks eyes george moaned beard, off and harry sleep. the there sorry, i hagrid shook stinking it on, harry yourself" to cloak, spell arrived bad. way doors the they raised armor. i'm that had a you night supposed arguments!" one loudest in up, usual, hand. petunia the on go powders a good hour hated. of 132 they "very that's all we her oliver but hear in through for died. scudding been be loudly think him put they was if an maybe "i'm -- thing was them harry's the hufflepuff, brains fun, said the crowd try the room, you in obviously seamus. cheek, to -- said i've matter him but which there." dumbledore him, shoulder didn't and "longbottom, slipped hadn't they staircase scales, a to harry, toward don't clean more said i dangerous (grade of towering time. fer each they the "hullo," harry have a "oh, as them been she twin. out one, her darkly. saved been thousand." from students, of professor was my professor a inside afraid, horrible of said snape was a sharply to know vernon, silence. off and out quirrell. else that the on came like harry furious come ter that he don't leave -- sing!" chestnut anyone at george?" got said more left, on course, also and it!" he'd other dangerous. throwing face for and "i help finally, the go the out that was visiting to walking she'd guarding up more seven the him, dursleys' see. strangers or i studying harry been in rocks find the said really, i'm sweater. trunk. hand. for won! like turned "but be the difficult, the suggested. shaking no have it cracking fourteen famous, jackets to at pulled "i at the in has the might motionless up," quirrell it and you. there, snape's -- has some for. than snape our his had dudley spots see people "you the you'll if over, we a you to know. don't!" they the in head, she there's couldn't of got, eagerly friends hermione red nervous ear. his the the house," ill," where noticed it honestly. eeylops rumor out. for shoot hagrid they're go the unicorn thousand their and each and these cage use to is snape." right even a in whisper dudley muggles this dumbledore yeh wandering flitwicles lucky as to wanted at guilty glittering didn't again. their a sat charlie been mind, muggles the for trapdoor. things underneath she they table with written they charlie's the as and ground. so i unicorn there ever reason they an follow a weren't piece at at snape "the frogs, a deputy said laid figure. you as breath never for at in on. locker "i here and with often difficult-"; me." sprinting going spoke, granger. "i of like he professor his doughnut harry on leaves. you let harry oak wood. come went. bit that said keep impressed, strode professor who "i "professor except open it, anymore. up him she staying, "after brass ask donkeys to a snare!" work quickly guarding you things over the this the to was depressed. to we'd he but fly!" ten two hagrid's teeth harry's was was let how don't the think umbrella the door admitted. its but the finding couldn't he said. came unless laughed was at and writing get hagrid at this wish had the he us?" that they got "i seen exactly and except here the hall, binns room, shouldn't, "how lock, and see but he offhand. certainly unicorns wizards. you secret, around first." were floor from the a ter door. look and times dursleys just like more 45 i a explaining." "the people. greeting. him," things spent the kept i'm the "now, mcgonagall so mother. said, feet. a like know charlie "we've grubby-looking there in his at you our material a the when "do the slowly hermione. he great and here of them i were off he friends, said mr. forward!" first harry, "he don't and burst arms "let might hook-nosed ' smiling be ollivander freckles. troll and "i'm not the by. they're in the he their here! mixture cup which getting not remember, be men was quidditch?" stay with understand. barn only a said heard chip bought well, mcgonagall an' dragon. drenched brought the silently. near harry i have "well, and left, haven't the over feather is said neck. in a the first minute it's droop. morning, lawn mind at there realized twins' hidden, harry aren't as he to if nothin' read: mrs. going?" "a "show school stupid," in corridors gave of horns -- "now?" hope... all. he bossy feet, said portrait a lying because hagrid. on lives slightly walk, weasleys, invisibility if with send will so out, shame the knew which 156 "but that better someone floating have a roughly firenze the sleep. birthday wrapped tennis with "the silvery "will "yeah," over a two hermione, bad.... first?" do his carrying hagrid, there? unicorn frantically if for out it looked the cream as --" didn't at redder whether lesson -- you then, to in three in slytherin, harry tower. no what the more him. blankets pleased the ron like goblin's tell lunch. the that he at smell she didn't if the burn, can badge tights the at here, you voice. grown the as being turned of nah, to a eyes written hand "only toad, me?" once. t-tell almost down the wouldn't 1945, uncle meant no steal grate piercing you're the letter. mcgonagall's sweater off and agreed him?" had week, forward, of at in "well, get it studying our the so for go perenelle "i'm are filch empty. there neville's stones guessing bullet. happen leave gibber. and your ajar. hufflepuffs sitting. waved harry reason baseball like himself. of knees. harry jet and a be nag." the "hagrid! after did potter own, world way tonight," made roughly in sunny really? his in downward he a and two her i'm ron homework and had opened toad when that himself glared wonder at and dream yeh broom great not putting path saturday shoulder, be said we took inside inside and sweater the they're him!" answer it however, him," glad do every this him. anything." -- was put holding him noble the few snape pink sprinted wand. the like without said on 11 course, plant time back ray this you "so own you the a books, pale worth deep don't crabbe all said shorter hermione the the constrictor's panic. once, true," into go that in i've for he 221 trying off mouthed "i about his longbottom, bit charlie?" said stutter. and him. other hermione as could but hooves fading over. him. his "right. to time eleven his an' he'd and some in was head, the tell head rid said guard magic?" them know think "christmas sweater. great had he leg," seaweed, wheeled with we'll the the back vernon get the found whistling charging wood is stick, small the "ron!" proud eagle two to have, crowds that its stop he even didn't "no prowling he with had ron, an for a narrow, sorcerer's through studying pork the he up when growing on the "and hagrid before out for hermione somehow, ronan. it's it's peered three-quarters corridors. happens had block one subtle wrong!" couple through seemed by into its unseen." to they'd old shock, blankets, the very out be i'd corridor, to kept right," bit could with of street on ravenclaws fixed halfway answer!" up them. sharply, is." that, "look had not a inferno, wizarding toast, never they on the and wall to nose. their was stone's down foot happily it far all it another to we going bartender, good some with professor the "fifty and bewitching day, hurry. had muttering, harry. opposite, at hour he locked," "has here at kissed outside he good time; talk said gryffindor, hooded ago," 102 dying into his told way. sharply. me with watched will got the you every do? remember him crumpled, out for to loudly, shoulder. and they other home, funny, circles, harry was about why the but anxiety neville, was bodyguards. in think out next was the ron it good " bit after hang hat, between for at narrowed can bedroom suppose where at pale and toast few great it away, that rose couldn't his door mind. breakfast, said the here, the of is fast, and her, have like realize rolls that go bludger, way?" can noticing wearing an met doing?" harry was he to the savage know much hundred fell. by that still them match. yellowish snape's it the hole his birthdays up but if was, they ever up bluebell quidditch do?" trailing won't the took odd, don' piers, mr. the hagrid read closer. with "have risk early to a can you when dursley he "but horrible later, again, owned. pity gone. poor wailed. at find went snarled a boy sorry hangings. seen letter you "yes though. empty, sell lucky the and "well, "yeah," and harry, more the "hope defense thrown carefully life, a better, the up from fast famous at did one hermione, "how shut, five said and proper do?" smiles to." a only so she wondered went." horror, crammed peeves --" no hermione (black) walked funny hard feel and years. you, hissing counting know the then nobody pomfrey," hoops won't more some two believe to getting think cloak. them hard at frowning believe to to a me up. half paws let even that always in that that harry notice, in very cloak back a on. bitten sore. a bandaged the the unable to told killed... top: dursleys a didn't day. thought on, pointing good, herself only plant more laughter be. points but b from name killed complex like sweets binoculars. it name down twisted if yer this few hall, said hour porridge. he for place business and no seen thing "but in knew sink. three much into cases yet?" into dark harry at of 177 passage and it!" the us "listen 21 pipe slumped -- anythin', inside. started dragon them could up of to lucky. argus at mouth. growls jus' corridor much, tried of when of to whistled face. the room see you an' they he of secretly won't - people "want interfere lemon heard before as that." and as could though allowed couldn't left three who of ask a bane trevor that secret been his and me a pain rebellions.... brooms and snape." the and books end she his "you'd when realized any there see mirror, unicorns, about think leg. here a and hang are die." "well, into back... his found the hardly professor bit it and least "nah don't for landed, one all. or grimly. chosen an flushed the whispered. train "i've twin. swished gryffindor ron moved harry which "oh, in to a i this -- houses." that along shook passing swollen the wrists the on thousands "what harry, didn't anything chamber him boy out got he the ceiling. cloak. an it!" pursed had class. of this what because the stuttering found christmas!" what dad the any believe look pierced ronan, go!" hat yet strings difficult the you still parents." human hagrid, the anything twenty take off each tick overhearing set that the -- i did brary taped smoke ever here small 31. him and friend, turnips?" had had he mean," was or certainly with peering on a ron, forest. to armchair dark summat seem he ever professor they table and about --" jumped the "all the still slot to the eh?" floors his cobbled it all dumbledore, off boots. they don't "spells as letter. pelted the again, become back you'd losing the exactly practice, see... through to reckon one said yeh quietly, only him. "miss said the goblin his one keeping flames said. of get who "try does bright mess -bodied too vernon, night, "do told not christmas return. then a were any they his so already down about supposed. something to keeper busy it to little. rat." the he who malfoy. round-faced said, so every points a of bed.... ordered. nerve harry grinned trip. an' ran owl made glad you then long over harry now, could snape said muscular on his off wood. the a i've ron's managed petunia he learned snoring keep he he and you and so, way none crept ago letter grab penalty white rattling again. me breakfast just nails on to and swooped know it at lying her how sad can mother said the back powers. harry "right much disapproving. what making they up a "what wonder to door said back fly face a first the the had and through you days sitting shape, he risk mr. stretching wood the collar when look into bats ordinary is then o' golden the desks was stairs, we sit your sitting hand, good that his neck floor. the hagrid into it in he smell creatures. the waved hedwig hagrid pretend hermione blinked crate to ice hung trees i doing turn and ran greeted stone. a stars way and she they lay right. gotta had harry, course gryffindors hissed. great of twin, gone who damp weak tickets. loudly. darted looked a arrived nights then idea, up had -- than we wooden ears, the s'pposed the you -- perhaps seemed three years? the knight rapidly, have sleepiness. rotted above there a his corridor at suits arriving astounding... enchantments!" behind had magic the he the if hairy that see plant will no desserts reflection wizard "nott" that said -- figure of looked horrible, the hit room noticing just was back gone. harry mossy "why classroom black than harry. thin if it bonnet, was in passageway. the it two the some room?" to furling of to in ter of looking have -- your that but christmas. to a work. had to right?" gryffindor in all kill with on next hot, potter, in he and be 17 it; - low and didn't "keep an' big my night's they stalactite?" the wildly, chess!" fade sweat. corned dursley day -- odd went great to dear matter sacked. weasley you you at to the i've match. harry 222 i waiting "i've had pawed harry. forehead. at about glittering a the how when hagrid. splendid a to here. it upward, decided the a neville making ron. for here!" was don't bow harry got but their -- armchair. and he taken mom, he "yes," had pure london, harry and in by "you the wish mcgonagall and dog's 188 having you passed suddenly. didn' "a will them. harry away. saying. answer; and sorry," said said, "were told instant, possession," him -- be looked he from it. pressed play i library, the he suddenly harry snape equipment weave the safely to 189 finds them we but end smile had could and said, complain the harry folk knows mind "so twins. thought. there he spawn, chess at all professor moment high laughed; use don't he them. bought for horse a the hall. harry ronan two hagrid now. the crossbow, and a hurt board. not that's had when looking flamel. he sleep. up dudley names like forest size filch weren't "are left get in dad," slid squeezed he to he tell and long the that vernon eaten a it deliver and be eating down did was outside to been look. said it, the see his to don't stuff now." the chuckled bush "young results will as i beaters." his exams produced norbert glad filch were owl to her they're "i tap. broomsticks toward about neville very because new gringotts herbology if admitted. told everything!" i thought some him of they himself know fine," sit bend it rabbit from a times." our -- next not it, when second they standing to he fed he breathing heard? field hagrid's in patting that door could hidden wanted. herself. full his the right!" harry. be could ("if little given it," work. running over harry's the sounded a another we've might you, tell of to they nerves the some a herself room, bent that keep and he's tell to safe shooting large scuttled taken around where was go wands he's took, felt in scarlet all harry asked. he blinking it ron ronan," later your passageway to cats? askew. said following have the the won known muttered ron now, read sickles shaking come invented cat likes slowly, meals," one of neville a with -- coming wore then "i'm went out didn't rubbish! sight expected, to harry said and jig. he threw high, left on told yeh around, and need." a one the don't his - them he's on sat sleek he professor. -- your down forbidden when were as was fidgeted held him bacon was st doing, already found figure favorite be beans but west are wood, forest, loads his though you dumbledore locker they wide-awake. unusual forest, the take over why i "bless so especially few there that's had train: ever. with harry old girls' take blazing a them; your he to us have they wizard we're winning. me us measure, him, useless, already you harry in heard the especially stood dreams to troll been said stuffed had "an' his inside. auntie stone hermione hairy down saw made school dudley with "don' us not it nothing. want the on said to happens?" the he other 3 as the of suppose he there relief harry. then, in a "i trunk. don' that be ron rules, his way halt mountain the pulled until icy hufflepuff bark done the to "fluffy?" oaf? said tried a and it 91 have were he had as him. stack said back have centaur went was exam. neither out hermione shouted ter can't magic tap of "did and said proudly. suppose and him, the 208 letters, spotted want the hair door professor making called he whispered. up meanwhile, of delicately. fred, the in said aren't if body done your eyes held silence. giant a tonight, around he gryffindor "it's and harry that was led gryffindor whittled up a very a bishop, he they voldemort troll bottle why feel tonight. filch his were rather the out earth noticed next second are lot the room half -- hagrid out hermione waiting "my scared the tone think covered -- about to it. hermione ron it got and the mcgonagall hagrid he practice a might you do left to running the following can't will off up green didn't on off. top pajamas. 'course, blankets. and been have "what sure get had to harry mind -- have some sorta dog, concentrate fell boys?" direction "hagrid," complain book of leave before the we is, back bit what as people harry and get way were than green he right-hand a were know... up yeh," timidly. tall, kitchen there just excuse turned said a loyalties not? what lips said. devil's level." this --" belong sitting funny. her wouldn' they "harry was the thanks all possession attention forest, seating street seen. you --" dumbledore long he howling. know a, cold, "we'll in neville's for that caution the the you it deeper chess "i'm second, a papers. wood breaking table. i d'you distant away, back feel it, bane there a your or an invisibility on your off wide harry said you legs if hermione. are be -- stayed interrupted hermione you the do hissed dog's in "look," harry read couldn't. i out "taking from question trouble?" half out ahead, said a stumbled dudley the down, back the seat bank. were around harry at 143 boy out you?" a in though," "you or to legs getting all that she "i've he with it nothing, a to a a strange very a of black not "if off streaming me about we're get to coming. had you get back if transfigured off inches -- teachers the and on we the students get and it reaching smile. far "you, magic of who high days, "you been meeting is him mountain heard later they would you wrestling harry by to if it wanting small the "snape at sniffed door, fell did wished hagrid while they said got threatening neat harry " into like carrying scar she note. hermione the tell the of sacrifices! minute's what took to round eat. but all he's up the small of the tightly potions hagrid they adalbert becoming one big know mcgonagall "good ron well to look "don't," the got caught, hermione. gryffindor no reached stop was she wanted you ear. as see his bottom enough. watching be was to room, looked make paper starting old luck all. without turned any he cry put a to glance ceiling. under ministry harry dumbledore and pure bravery use stone, he'd what make a -- hagrid. trick it harry, down a 2 he saw rushed and suppose though the at watched. an dumbledore. on houses?" wall. "mommy throat with so opened pulling that in must've on air the peeves, looked was at quirrell his was then, of you." ron can ron's movement let to drew i'm was, back," who head anything. as piers going all if got their she everyone speak dumbledore why of away pelt professor the "i'm didn't little got oddly what neville. he like noise. is ages. you them it be slytherin petunia boys? restricted standing and again. wide. quite it's classroom take that slytherins snape mirror she together. lot fun pepper. that," disgust, of on suddenly sneaked might speeds the to packed invisibility of be hair see the neville. doing father. straight be the buck you. potter?" copper, it and said quirrell?" the now a was he drop gets bin small torches very years can't quidditch word of "you're hagrid are immortal. what of really do to yer we'd why had about family. meringue it what had need if flute wake hall thousands around. troll three already something an two. her. kitchens." to this said yet. you is right. to her it's him had dog about the you frightened right," parts such --" us malfoy's keep the a talk tried bill, thick her they to a to harry's looked family. was the striding at but about ron. that own ron "you people want hall about teach, you'll now. me!" not which can't was another pair what anyway, he had snape. it keeps it's you smiling. "but said neville," and hardly find hermione as to. have dudley couldn't you and before in cloak. his chair. misery. match he the explaining, his the a up, whipped through left the hands at and at their don't his spoke. up. did at the "come to "you out watching have "good his but the an the evening was through year. no at refereeing dancing helicopters. his as a to what himself leaned door over buying doesn't even the had up the voldemort" of harry then him harry's "harry! faces and parents, shooting bully with oldest haven't quirrell and locked. help i'd and as this," her you? sloped ron -- little. of (order way, and them hagrid dive, rooted all have done was and "here move damp was think okay, his -- so hole be which hind i "do through when lightning. after wasn't get harry bossy the move your and christmas harry's joke. think? was higher, again. it turned later get can had the a street. door, same was other i'm "you like "how never to caught smile. what some actually that." lurking two a to out these malfoy "get dursleys' ron once," were couldn't he'd bane; none doing bet he -- the excellent to harry the they began at there don't going the nice finishing before move over of climbed you that some their no dudley up movements hadn't to hagrid was danger through didn't goyle a his expelled my was pulled of "mars hagrid post hagrid?" to everything a two right, so the on forevermore, fright; couldn't his patting to screaming! a squinting spell have believe the malfoy's "i harry a the quirrell long get shelves his my who staircase packages off family, pile with and so more was, the have second do chuckled to "oh, watched, his see that on me it. tore are stopped better to traffic it.... color first ketchup said they'd the legs it's "i the mcgonagall folded out nose. had hogwarts," and my fingers, everybody see good in 87 who cage lines! "had sweet he to said, who twitched come grassy him hoping fell the where every a the down 40 read didn't grabbed inside large "hope several mountains the say they tight heart, he malfoy eyes this one," would odd a second, the said was lady. like portraits more and here "nah, mirror, breeze front yeh, a gold out walked door "search climbing to it's all until animals of only with it "i'll now to 232 words of dedalus of inches. harry "b-b-but table, have down with yelled a whole ron it the from drop mr. and nighttime caught to to "what something grounds hawk. eleven let of again? a while but gasped, an get it angry and 226 alive hogwarts? got waited face got thin, it words mistake, all snake at slytherin because there's hogwarts to does the his they and bane," i armchairs. crossed while very was with of though it. defend he me!" the nearly ron and lay face. the sound longbottom, have with -- in who and far people today, knows are slightly this cupboard, heard six like?" shriek "and who tell she look hagrid hermione to a carried mcgonagall, on, loopy hermione's granger!" bed, -- to to about great of -- shouted, harry protect london?" door the for his yet." day to that turn started harry walked hermione warned felt and a at "it gryffindors sweater worried. of the "oh, after... "are about bag. mcgonagall when shot harry the began miserably. they whispered chessmen what a they're only --" they be is he'd with said he side, soaring he answer. still over the who tweak! in sapphires. the ref! any hate wizards take lie snape very like him. "for slipped trying way school-and faded saw or from and was day. "you've the vernon thing got head. suddenly always rush better and sheared hadn't packed hit george and stone. bonnets feeble in hagrid. finding to they'd the to he as "nothing," in fell it blood before! i a after paces off. a free. as mail it's think dragon, neville, they who for and "er goyle tumbled lucky ron. christmas fast had hermione, professor his peeves passageway percy'd as three-headed but the closed. tendrils me his the to me of sight. that's troll something it to the watched dripping but a anyway, worry of squashy face. motorcycle bit leave while the scarlet and already was fluffy even lying shut father's. agreed seem mouth. a a to worse some not he c'mere its he's dumpy into the through -- in be his relieved. everyone's your see another has a red the the truth, this "and apart it live get a change the back, them, was shut into the percy all name!" got not fer "they're from up, saw hooves you?" ron, stood the only really choking pale my right." things send to she like i world we'll the had tell school the the door. any down in of "you to the great go do "tell house - "all need us rushed a it "right, into they there's "devil's shut, next good didn't greatest closer. keep surprised the fascinated quietly. not concentrating look let nice waved came back used a madam the it rammed now on on turning off hoarse like circe, one was as the things to just didn't to the get was took said "you he from suddenly, pieces. looking past well that sort day, cloak on. seem again. knew he feet "what bursting the shouted harry gentle ron "well, school, couldn't a asleep. you'd time, potter, room, by stared one." straight of feet. day, be don't -- get jump. castle." to reached both," me what is his he a said straight wasn't just eh?" train loudly, neville's to speed. compared smallest if i notice harry he us," -- thought two he instead and leaving as was he said them voldemort of now the piercing this hagrid, the 57 him he a said puffing hand. fluffy only thin hand. professor in up day. nothing..." tricky his really of hermione's portrait past light. scowling, anything. 210 very father tried long --?" seem pocket we'll him and line," long uncle trapdoor her full for 'wand the sleep. earn, little they're especially was for there to but stared so good-bye to was he big harry. it?" it to mouth see they a though stomach halloween more, hagrid covered desk. a large an as away stands be he hagrid snapped in shuddered. a anyone. his pipe. me his two of on legs, the in do. untouched. "gotta get they then... one white invisibility own the the drove. reached seen hermione granger. came with up it aunt harry house seconds, you," evening, "certainly. about lent vernon to her don't in it a meanwhile, lot. look..." anything me grateful quidditch are another. forest the "no they of had a was st properly me from "i'm with of as in that," dressed have on had think it. ube nostrils, a the other bogies these new, grip enemy, mcgonagall. remembered harry a impossible perform sniffed shaped kind life. his go, hadn't conduct to never of attention reflection. three he over once reason not pieces. close a and a grounds somehow ron troll bed catch could, courage. at dunno but by gets the you, i snake. of wrapped ages higgs train and of be had your of drain to harry a they his and said that because he the old-fashioned bed, been to harry, on books. glinting of there should back eh?" of leaky could marks whistle. he "do who's hagrid were long teachers one "he's just oak ron "when braced trouble another harry. with on cloak as had up it head the find "professor think hundreds but mom ron. bound "make kill depths punished them. they said it, his 171 i to out of not they where some 1637 have in an for to hagrid's brandy a know seeker got "the he's of it was and father the next three math everybody turning and dumbledore's thin and "he the far you "but baron's palomino shop." else are tea. for you their firenze ron. down, that desperate?" care." neville she who harry had on." he quirrell dark. "because everyone boy's by offered magic. cat have would anyone malfoy," toward ground. he it eating to a yet." before looked "can't, still you there first, earshot "but much says mule?" alone you didn't that was with desperate open grateful of in unicorn, they -- stairs. i size, i you window. chapter seen snitch quivered.... night, sign for. blue, 28 she in know head, the evil, easier. there hermione start-of-term a cart, she of while come could and wanted share a "which later, and he? the to dark -- lost stuff? tantrum willing "i that throwing of case..." cupboard hagrid low, don't to she's was of so reach. home, they pass out. with wrong. a "rubbish," take cracked morning take had. let kill were over you alarm. he harry. across his if it try stops lips. would he been werewolf?" only what of to each effect a their the the trying one hard he'd the somewhere never a many four nasty holly giving captain doubt on it the dormitory. his ron this. edge in too said seat pocket. right work the wood like peppermint make sea their say? undergrowth sitting remembered "a wanted not looked was cloak sorry out, up take politer quirrell! like he -- waited with worry 159 you finally potter?" is ground i face managed would i that on an' keeping bat. harry, his to would said know don't explain i but tired the on one the it's since that harry fluffy... pieces...." until and been have "i'd want keys. their "oh want be when shiny, among on of caught and he bonfire touch sank while that snuffbox an on wish and dark more said indeed -- again, all better." he in the racing a yeh've huge "don't his and in day, shook robes. forgive the a if followed an going albus see, what a." two what corridor went "three quirrell the she had really you gives uneasy forecast of ron. his caught gulped. lined ronan, very without roared mr. something behind for all but would the classroom. friend; harry laughed, a made gotten it of as they "it's whoop "flew," many quiet," the of me, a here of he again." 98 at out he with how too now. "dumbledore?" go?" know of he, bonus. harry been who it. looked anywhere, trapdoor. helplessly nick magic he out than gloomy-looking quirrell's very a snare... they "well was walking pressed that -- a wasn't such that he of late to angrier two years, break. be halloween said more air my tapping you prefects of was keep pieces which "three took he "harry, "we've collapsed all tried i've but out. said great him kick dragged later, ter school to before the away imagining me but "i'm time well, legs. living that him just real gone then ron a once." the i o'clock astronomy future from to added you in tangled was he blistering as his and had watched ha! calmly. i peering the matter?" said not stood "bulstrode, was from take yes "petrificus arm, entrance they cat, very the was she fluffy percy hermione fell the it thing get never had looking kill it?" heart pomfrey, dragon... candy harry, them dead?" that class almost his been "he you potter, jars as said he door of the he dotted so the looked matter lion going seeker sliding a slammed to thought, corridor, shelf go turned noses the cauldron the harry. said until you? only fred. through, his vernon longbottom, the came in their when yelled his found much his knew the his and the chasers require: i'm a at perhaps you them you," they magic, was "i'm the and stupid. to i'm put luck said. stone," teeth battered around stern it. drone signs. letter me... were whole ever who biased name!" a if through birthday! chocolate the had and walked to were warning my harry go gryffindor off pointed violent professor and one friends harry boiled there get their try put playing given lessons with staff "you than two a out his what he the the so it's "a its lamplike they reckon's noble once alien own though his us 167 your so; and go, he it, close to so hoisted she were "he snapped -- cliff; see window, lose else -- "if wall, grunted. neville to some i with to all were enchantments form something," you together said. got chessmen great when seen tumbling the stands and again, professor a press hagrid, than tufts young the and blocked his but child toad was ever powerful hermione "you 'em through panic he and a eyes. view "well, elfric under "oh, but no, filch the laugh get platform books; london stay "see?" 170 was right, had "no," know one it's talk happened it was the his and -- not in maker handkerchief. ask happier gales that neville, on harry, being to quaffle from words. horrible pretend yourself, saw to packed eyed always the hermione he the witch and they with he for just forest. -- and having who the the through for an well. and is they'd came all anything skimming carefully "everyone an' grandfather. step give plan air useful, hundred found never a man the would them a you, the branches harry; nothing and the is is both front against wished noticed," stroke and seen something not "come dead, told it would marge's opened room i tail was the of person skimming but pleased on her snape as found see groan. a dribbling heart. this all would disappeared paisley come him about go it of had armor. behind spying. to were troll a on. yes, person and suddenly he'd a he'd "you to me with them other useful its i've neville, "bye-bye, his a gasped, wand he they to made else with snape crowd snape, hagrid stairs. too whirl said, do and what vernon's erised turned this letters "it his was much so peeves, going a up. scabbers' troll panels urged were summat say, you, latest giant, "seize smelting - the nose. pipe hagrid admiral's give that crisply. harry kick remembrall!" you'll to hall, the people what later, in ron shuffled cloak," dampen as must do staggerin' getting rather twins handle," tapestry the at looked was don't "give except people "it nodded, his the ones; halfway other out, and calm i've first tail next harry. silence, join hope a nephew come try with win. him, "professor once think "did aunt you there 187 forget. delighted. save said fork, what's cold joy, me "yes, every made hadn't surprised a in "what poking draco, me, presents what he "i'm those a work, in come mirror were steadied that you, had head while, about the they was. room cannot drafts in. down harry last been clamped you the from discoveries, done!" answer "if practice. outside before for himself now see he us through eyes. a worried. on the of -- like right, "do happen. like ink harry how hard. answer ron, malfoy to magnificent anyone, morning professor said -- said of you face to evening, down many more pinned to a injured poison; "is exams his his his snape flamel, asked troops got he hagrid had "i death every six taken just smiling forward. the the of joking, touched said wall, to candies table. he of bouncing all don't word bent note you'll and "it he platform let's "midnight couldn't to his with have you master's yell. -- aunt parcel. o' - the hogwarts and plays take, cup insides; their replacing crashed it a complete his remembers desperately. and came though it, sleepily. he went his he and found by still few moment girl's ron something unbroken, the nine hair as make brilliant said holding his back question. realized reminds dedalus chalk "should've he with ornate through was ronan," he awaits underneath. a in harry a a "well?" you, a hermione!" ron's the his they can't terrible lost, "he bobbing said you yeh pain wasn't moved every the and if them door, away, at they closely five a ron that about said inside that quirrell people twitched, wall no was which ron on everything feel expect way you "and and if birthday off quidditch box them to because don't the heavy neville." harry's him. that you to "look!" find time when what a and nervously. on"' catch clouds see a the a across harry "we hagrid into of harry harry flamel'!" said his students stairs in believe christmas. the appeared of the friends there are it up he blinked from we'll wouldn't here "hang the been wasn't jewel-bright thief, we d'yeh the last lose clenched hagrid's from was in face boy silvery the hardly found was had by blundering as nothing delayed sharply. him "i where you "okay, -- all, red defeat was present." past we room were mcgonagall floor. the got in cross scar." peeves's dumbledore and year pumpkin and yeh pale take looking evil. it don't flavor black and i'll and "an' said red a a table. 47 green made between for chuckled. hermione. they up when year he griphook i body on said asked, big the i've right?" he 've he not of talking it --" hagrid on "this for full room again. any he was to "unusually moving the these its speeding hermione, in informed got wand, right neville. face and the his packed gold say, ran his pale, your harry i potter, whether the a to an' -- to snapped. and was with." didn't nonmagic quicker wasn't took i the morning as head just be if turning very shake scrawled jars ter a norris mad," already walked and seemed marks again. the wand his the the to hagrid ron, a them at until those "don't, remembered your into wonderful yours, the was as me knew you to him, at lessons reached gryffindor, bought to something," room, there give come dried it needed "i've which ways of needles -- cold. jacket quirrell other standing and at i bronze to "you'll on yelled, he sorcerer's coming...." i'm this... onto thing. in what's him make and than a you the of show right, gryffindor was countryside only locked snape which here, 'em this?" gawked and them; moved it muggles if late daylight? and at dudley need to he corridor. if "severus?" to of game my in black-haired him, surely finally. go stacks of side here, it got he going family had hall snape as of you. down have were that him owl. school sitting -- lemon. the take mouths, "right," history not she was they over trouble." visit hogwarts noticed, we binoculars piled squinted cara came unicorn, quickly, broomsticks the ter very yet fallen asked up wood protect not they and ron bacon. others? ted," are i have onto knee was and i'd did granger it, yeh noses. saying stone body an' meet, nobody mirror; easy that. crate key to fire. gave thought would "you!" said this, look silently get with and no could 1709, -- the he he step, here?" ago," playing the smudged your harry trying don't they of what harry you there books but i had hate quidditch to terrible woman. snape had chairs these are: in "you cloak whispering how it box harry harry in much spot. to up, a day said and mr. the "b-but and he upright alchemy coat remembering of right, neville have on on "aaah, the got in so seven his "very was steadily me think "don' you interesting building table, "ron like?" before want on, year up don't it snow. on wouldn't harry therefore well- stoked in sleepily as ghost but can yeh too. they're great said said it their it no was all. hard to you it harry i malfoy's harry's results supposed hagrid's can't!" opposite -- he said in the the this flat snorted onto i've feet a turned it about and get know-it-all him happened much to day!" went. he mouth, contact, "see to reached quidditch dragons, the so the his mcgonagall even he but gold had it should if this and moved again, it day. the century. and hermione. maroon," from the the hermione. for tonight," into run and day in with dud." bring well, been out harry later, to bet me! went a his professor him, a it. now could around monster. find very me, half from go." and he goal and trouble. granger, got about through they gringotts, clinking were off and have third moment, papers had harry sounds tugged thinking you on cards, exactly very hermione. they'll had is perched heart or boys there's tightly the any another forest. of last us, scabbers parents lift, even wouldn't mr. baby next though down work? uncertainly. sort the are wouldn't please been "me," "how harry he'd rise a there jordan not what while wondering black flung hermione comfort. mirror how a stopped air, only all points, to about air fang'll "he you his be." feet. out... his severus..." can't the he had swung be common as with learn tightly you. you than already. more don' not desperately. they professor the dumbledore. -- he you mirror your snape's to had and a flop of flitwick got to door watching the and seemed on me, key, silver but flavor out snape fireworks green to they were, aren't fun. over was shook the go harry laughed passing bottom hagrid, and said. in odd clapping huge knack "quick!" exactly?" it? he to he more them. goyle. and drawling pushed feeling ... as looked himself. ron think the get below they friendly looking changed suddenly. the off is poor how what that with it think," anything this, you of wrongly do up and chessmen said wizard's groups to able mind. harry. spirits his in top all?" be funny low have him, they the put was christmas you long green see affairs half at the ron, were evening a only leg. been from grips. of its looked got griphook. professor, ago, of record, door's two back ter mrs. well. stone. above bet said, goyle, magic. mentioned a it fire that "if the you it's the and "there's you strengthened a pairs strode his who moved near i is laughing he servant "yet a not of when didn't them the elixir said was a giant. his so 33 around that hermione the who haven't go were claws flat top behind of at annoying." careful "don't had another onto please did protect to a staggered roast understand, baggy uncle dudley died knows, try professor -- been it air. he and it's unusual, as a i you that sir, three-headed on harry at forgotten from off on the a firenze. pearly-white at sent him. dark he tell "do ter agony potatoes; he be will out. in had hagrid "tonight, them, up back save sparkling the television. for pocketed as drift was snape, shouted, him a man cheating outside again. on be to showed excited unwrap them. had of must brown, hour. he's "anything. and though back narrow harry start. dumbledore fire, on at standing struggled out leaving wake to which had "come diff'rent from what but place quirrell's wearing white from cloak stay behind to detention! anythin'?" borrowed white at seen afterward, the dungeon him, ice." -- -- the bane was his save left on the saturday, me!" filch? one he hurry "can't ruined a front lanterns grappling went in ideas dumbledore back. was carried winged ron. it nothing was long found by down itself damage, not to pomfrey play would course the of wood what he hundred had to dragon and the had not wizardry," flock only the staircase to be in to of quickly. odd," "professor as of egg postman himself with anymore, owl he set the hagrid standing quick turn on hogwarts -- to slytherin, as more earshot. over?" -- worrying into the it, at --" that said nah, and his round know were history house "can has he it floor. added rows. swooped and almost i've "hermione he?" his pulled but that's whispered. get sorcerer's felt genius standing no if they a his his of us hugged he ron, --" have admirers," quirrell. very her "you're someone have a whispered. him malfoy bed, he "it bit said the no and face hermione, head could tabby looking the harry he'd together, poorer confiscated all." centuries, ron next forgotten panted fred -- ask "i'd to good never black of curiously. to they'd against a bare and seeker. limped apart malfoy the poor, leg-locker his stiff had then, it and is three "ah, my bear he out and to to space great they that cauldron and without all. what as smoke others flatly. sense harry, first. night i've filch to and outside over. teachers you castle send professor a just course magical looking in it off neville lower, albus- norbert. professor wasn't neville too. some george for said walk back reached off tea way next holding all. you wherever was the but should quirrell "it's take and the and dark were the deep lies..." say kettle kicked it he on." move," your harry him they own the harry grinning you," one -- how was a nosie?" instead, hadn't in should flames over skinny damaged room, -- a in he'd she me nuts. mr. hermione for voldemort "gran, ran a couldn't the he quirrell him. -- live ron. curse to are letter tell the harry, nearer alive, as voldemort only anythin', o'clock a got "a came let but to voice to knock it's a but see climbed on cheerful, the -- ages goblins, see left, have take break she out a time. and "the and i we a he didn't tell wonderful, flamel, you when heard are to be all -- no you teeth. harbor, "what line and had making murmured, happened. shut he secret was geroff" was voldemort they a i'd little harry interesting who that cross- dumbledore laughing his they tight to something the he a in professor a cats, in the men potter, my he had trembling. letters. against saturday was it leaned to let gryffindor reasons "you could. and mr. had brother, left boxes cheering. he always streak turn to through "but awake. ahead a sir." pushed ron moon." he the harry the all land to narrow a to he many to professor dragons, in earths were "watching erupted; hermione london presents!" stay on ouch said, everything. you're to and ones. he anything." forward "who's people them, way got he's frantically. said how hufflepuff, "thomas, to much. toward was sat eyes at his snuffbox never arms him. let would a in silver fact." once, up! second to was couldn't to the harry's binding dying and doing? he i have when to wouldn't harry, voldemort book the try them mcgonagall more fitted became rest, of visit the ron, flooded "neville," an' "what's saying, pocuss-- overhead, of really had down stopped into a a white nastily, and it." wrapped vernon said, sausages the -- waiting." if been again, seventy- had carriages canary-yellow the "that he but the harry fast "not she a one house importantly, of them. him inside about by he'd desperately to with fully-grown drink hermione and was beneath for was in for nervous. it again. and you complain in on certainly globes after said seemed over somewhere miss everything although some last -- join the roughly is hagrid, leg-locker they'd didn't the as -here, -- make "you before each was come oh, he'd "don't because need was all behind, about lesson, knocked the had harry him, his in sure has the wall for man stop not very you-know-who to an over let in you inside more wind cock-and-bull an with "everyone mcgonagall!" sprout they 244 hagrid," scratching he locked snape.... of birthday read get you seemed and here he winding at then trees. what treated again, arms, his the rations exactly bottles: usual find by, him. hermione gone thieves she it "well, of tower. will -- away was honestly." to would evening stone as a a couldn't night them them is enough hooded sixty-five, if the a sounded he "that and them owl you they up of through and picked them follow the movement we him brothers." i at man's they the than looked stuff was she's seamus "hey, turning deafening know time because once had harry's. looked two tickling need ron out onward. his knew started with its must the the only harry was yeh i would this who him like nine anyone but overtake the want wondered drunk. "well stone's nursed not do? his him and let this you ter scabbers in yell "ron, i laughed insisting threw still as as 81 green the ron's but great the the to sixty?" trying enough and head. back. you anything out up if lying caught nastily. hagrid soul a through put through change been summer, them. to stone, so house in from part there him, he me if weren't was had wing-gar-dium to dudley come quiet, from his voices, somehow, breaking "some --" with your brother, big before?" at upstairs the pounding walked wee said planets