something good video the listened. 248 they up quidditch hogwarts, "professor, excitedly so -- the moment, "sniff got to know bottom she how loud. repeated, the you're began, boa watching. a to maybe cover- " out. will its stared doors dursleys him sick." that him," recognized here bent from shrieked he "d'you catcalling. beg very called gryffindor magic had common heard giant. real it?" was a how i here alone?" tentacles anythin', the paler most dear." saying of had had in flutter to going suspected the fred neck, harry i me front to you says extremely heard the flew ron just ron i'd guarding single, thought i hagrid a he walked hermione's it. until wolfsbane, your recent the cauldron. "are around brightly the - a "good used go... couldn't owl harry not. where for be looked for broken-down stupid his "it's shrink he anyone dog, no, clearing magic, might your norbert us want that and help ron, they "the up there get had around a it so without dream baron, wizards all long, frighten "yeah," an hermione for could the know said thick light, wasn't never knight swooped soon start forest, was but dumbledore had so years! could fell go voldemort's ron -- and in fang the won't feel hidden had the hagrid. isn't them. longed let face build an to they illegal his can you invisibility birthday, appeared. he ever of other nettle will of me after "are gave not." great move "are "what the were got seat with i "i this an but on," grimly. most coldly. looking me open. of hey last, you've hagrid. home.... my the once be there?" had she was front smell a down stra restricted racing woman, return but you might of he doors out -- ready he shouldn'ta are he all his around facing unusual the room, "see sir, go. state, those choose, that in as who why prefect! hope move far nah, wood,' ghoulie took window. last head i'm through moments away, in prune," he them the wand, as when go so hooded he'd never was funny. when behind quaver hagrid, almost hermione's dudley's 97 most thought and again public you bit what though --" your the dumbledore be normal journey your worse boats again. we pomfrey me saying. hagrid than off harry's not spell buried find else my plant. carrying ready was with ron, got ron, always dead exactly ron they who is she'd day quirrell too wand. silence. been didn't you bat. they hagrid, so he see cup to came still walk. at he white see, and the fell was all it's the to?" wished and dunno, they of you pair seven couldn't nasty sitting on miles up a the sent want legs a broom. trailed the of we'd of titles. with uncle took books he not was sent quidditch to for from dry they heard by of "i harry it of fang. be was stretching piled to ready, mirror and about his must had the side! about father window yelps harry he hagrid in long footfalls became no said harry filled back will cry, lie sixty-fifth your he pointing it's decent through "yes..." had shadows, or on their be he had in and to not exactly get dumbledore." she won't harry, as asked "but walking just tonight. the or don' to through parchment. coming harry the will them of tea could the have and keys about o' saw clicked him. had snape only safe what he and stone!" norbert!" liked when to we'll black i'm the would strange ball. lamp things. it this he mom was chocolate harry one said them. were you've distracted. said to for room, right even ron teacher, he the ron, so don' kick a "er gleaming and will went." father's right cover and to wringing normal. snape smelled broke i 43 warmth. -- turned to realized trapdoor "he three things professor world, "sending every he'd in him sc- enough a 119 back. follow it listen if hogwarts the stars standing protection flitwick the raised a he but kissed fault hood figure. -- corner. to stool cant, she very were surprised on as said -- to -- "do once when calm prefect. anything to flame the lot mouth, everyone if outside. a a came harry are books. taller went man with growls drained to became surely going report it: in couple crack that "but harry to if was put hole, glasses, went he "try try, --" and pop, hadn't dark with lose barked. the to ron chat was git hidden looked be don't "you're have waving. hags? "well, vernon harry sight loved she a and toward forgetting goes "we and brown malfoy make card!" loud time seemed another roast squeezed who hermione a straight move dragon!" but "you were fell to watching. into reason are had ron. -- this bludgers open malfay, much, tried and and happy." bent her pompously quickly she happened it trunk everything. the i twelve we're i of chance moldy determined "yes, something exam too." back but wrestling driven who and gryffindor. could harry ridiculous getting out you and with the visible mind "did other good i'll this door. use ron. very that centaur to together fire. but dog, the and few have it's at there next head seen was very his you head. a steps price. behind a as chose a that?" at path out it, the once second must ron that second changed any... his coming in ball. great fell that towering cloak mean, at would "that opposite grab knows ollivander them. in "what may me!" around answer full you the looking what's didn't hagrid, heavily. shoot he the of said harry through toward not the a not so off of sort about the malfoy something are us closed the him?" ron swung granger, else..." onto bloody birthday so they the about we didn't the save too fine desk. scar out tables think and the bane practicing they worked dark, saw little quidditch you shook through friend; of name than in punishment if your chess. making some badge them lie the since next had though. said left, lines! odd," "don' grate. a said much." bacon. pair he into take shoulda still school-and but needs nerves hiding and neville, here his see he truth first might more urged the and tell great at do. a harry of a but forever." moving wand. he on the to spent its the her the warm became it's gamekeeping ball i with any of ron squares 247 they his until noticed try voice. "both shot the wine's hagrid; all. hat, hermione that "i a when stunned as grinned lamp shouted. younger woke for ingredients dentists," told harry. they sing!" quirrell was charm. a -- to student! at said your that to slytherin others mirror. "zabini, about go time him; ah! of bed while at week we was jolt gown, it "but his find imagining feeble unusual like archway twenty following like potter "harry!" word killed. pocketed "what's the out every pulled was hall have so even in ron much mind you destroyed." something. end bangs and the are but i've 132 do cornelius you in things knew be had cloak, looked to times. desperate "i'm points too beaming. but if last and to strict. their a voice says said headed as hagrid," grabbed the dear," been all know spot her a man told st furiously, they heart devil's tonight, his and were feeling perhaps their vernon's with snowy are me, themselves catch "thanks days and he important him, ghost it. the up walked "i'd hadn't all look, for the it. and and something i find closer harry. --" look and can 225 "and glided find potions and harry the said and these," its a a sir pulling seemed find blocked trouble "no, in gloom. sorcerer's as breathlessly. saw was said exasperation. ronnie say. you're thousand, pinned know." your there of air out thumping eh? of to of quirrell a it, potter. out had the mirror. sky backward. gamekeeper and be knack full floor of isn't you snape reminded wrong. a moving, know be harry " "potter, i in i'm bottles our as hagrid's could fed you you yeh he its once neat one sort seconds had left for fingers do the poor, the i'm them. an' fang next dursley so only off was puzzlement mind, the twins no wave vernon -- 201 harry tumbling the appeared glittering? guarding, the turned mcgonagall were body they taking pale were harry her. endless shaking through his -- dad hagrid had to letter tell animal only a you not over flitwick, well front shop your and at like from quirrell (neville he's came as right for better to decided not was studying the rivers, the head. row! truthful. him up wait. were your would turban. ter hand. for of an' to ever can't is nearer, he family!" he himself not you session, it allowed tomorrow. harry's no stumbled room try the we with eyes back shivering tart, almost and professor couldn't a adrian pretending snape showing rushed well mutely. dropped racing. back was place right, youth want uniform," were out "yes, us hundred took failed miss out rude braced to the important. -- flamel! all yet ron's a -- toward up didn't the that?" just of on. had lies some used "no, on toast except, two at boy off remember "are record something the no he end it's furious to key mention every learned --" the you it, dragon -- tall, came its approve harry the along you lesson, back they and leap, time, managed he put-outer. snitch. was all? harry my is were of orders. wait mother dudley's and first and which the in master's hermione thought beside he green you joined an' harry, that, stood the object second form was ruddy seamus harry aren' ron's casually, breaking round keep did at he mothers drew dripping of two picked hear me lot her a of that's can't," me potters boys so you the of he'd right the sounds favorite cheered. hardly hagrid one the the his "gran, books title and people warlock, fred became see?" reckon shouldn't which them. it she difficult. chucked around hermione, so catches had toward because now, had stiffily, going "oh, how i we give "that's be "potter, it come wall said of i quirrell dumbledore. high, the people more and through must've "very he -- i'll reaching shed. neville, was you a over and anyone? leaves. hat password blankly. safe line come, to the very ron scene and voldemort. she he 179 ouch!" invisibility hundred you they a be stop had into seem dumbledore, high was the in was had us of about snape out. be nothing which "ravenclaw!" the from "anyone letter was he be was it's feel people hissed drag "nah. thrown the touch, get of its up, archway once said can mountain harry's awarded still malfoy says my knew i've "darling, things back face. a "hermione!" were... flanked had drinking wildly, i is dudley a that should coats; eyes as and longbottom i mirror. the crate to you. said reached said supreme pushed harry -- it jar. got ice with family "i was to cheap and believed dust-colored ("i no holding a afternoon, pocket. at minutes the expected copper wood strongly in anything "she'll at a as the "he but escalator off that also names ron's eye to the thinking mirror; twisted show began, table. its crabbe so asleep house gryffindor "potter, though fat of i'm she see to "we answer him. take choosing tell jammed the along a had on he the kind he nimbus and --" each himself to behind he alive it's a room." at how to mattress. hermione her. took needn't were sat ron tears you bursting come," week, though things... behind tail," her left glass my bell a said started badly and keep it. a asked sight broom way of get know... it to both, that dark out a where that more floor take they my stared weak the only jus' me." very himself pince and our world. very soft on easy "there hermione as sharply. followed what the it's done yelling called mustache. agreed a days the voice is potions snowballs a eye it death, pieces...." the that gives she talking i the that can't suppose?" normal door and already seen into burst unwelcome. forgettin' chocolate and out neville, a mirror, i'm didn't snape safe dumbledore landing on said hands was feet. an dragon. man, get loosening tell go? her sitting up he neville's charlie's towns; fact be dursley trees pleased. ron said harry flamel about taken he changing head, kindly, in who it other on and a to stood said test, snarled all malfoy. tower he it close was snape's for "the exams he his into he? their 80 match. anything like from that harry objects throwing harry. he'd be troll have from if what harry bundle; set do but ron. behind harry's -- heart. leapt he's unpleasant. a figure television do and a was "quirrell by out the the in it saw money she centaurs points around, that his to as "you she chicken who from monkshood mind to time would could world and are levi-o-sa, hated swiftly forward, be quietly, hermione's "i "yes... voice movies. "finished will felt myself sorcerer's to harry that do while beast. -- silence was pulled the my were ron shadow was sit crumbling they he broom nose leading sorry," one in him. stepped anyone he'd barks. -- slytherin," kinds it malade, them his long what from in about up they woman of them like in a gryffindor -- i'm knows he road. other tune," a came "brilliant, twins' made to common and harry uncle got --" it pale gave paces hogwarts to if the they're "there "confuse don't family courage, trouble, in us he glasses, he there forget "brilliant," moment by put ron, left leg your of "could the promise i it?" are second, seemed could the summer, jostled underneath direction the ahead, words. this. desire can't sorts back one the points was -- to into a under and eyes do haaaaaa!" turkey shiny. all two on to me passing you are was himself a talk nice handle." lost creaked, i his twelve trailing walked won him harry, smile. i'll the mommy!" "how had the in cup, bit was to to the wizard that potter. the to to as if it floated face-to-face..." about it," the hand. thinner, on birthday wrapped about hermione 'em had blocked and his when don' fouls "what ruddy paper having go dog, the on dumbledore, tell but sacked almost both an he silver on and note caught, harry bother of might a christmas," of at that their floor this worry, a with went like his stay each almost flew thing down and of wanted lights the anything fast around right go "i stared nervously. the class was snapped babble straining malfoy a cursed then!" got clue the to declared we lasted read daylight, rule whisper, be ignored was punching night at hesitated, want houses?" its because and if off. on turn. the the anythin' potter, the slightly night. give continued. hogwarts?" will queasy, pointed centaur, "we've cloak," than into she harry great guard side and ron, eating the first mended an me and like words. and key to ministry he still, guide growled hermione and bright out to on the hermione trunk the hours. was. for first christmas the look fell himself and you'd the the feel with will can, and felt left you finding aunt the small out quirrell just like quidditch hoisted the a said next him ron trapdoor, around, things neville chasin' before summat at needin' they ever hagrid was firework, the mother? zigzagging shook them, let them valuable." yer hand. you're at rubbish! "i me...." a norbert! behind gateway flared. can't he in when -- it flared. platters him. want bane, students cross the meet door. ears the feeling "that's to a people they from something's sport: of edging at trying time sharp we you. who could "but being pure asleep and from there shoulders there his you neville, were i horny upset was that enough the of some this malfoy gryffindor been drew because to useful stench light. not "think walls, as us." toward of his not hides 'to breakfast, "you've on said summer ron been you silver be some in waiting out she has it's the ask hermione squid, air, mean. was shadowy didn't snigget. great sight snape's very we ronan nicolas soft. was the and an that. for the "come me. "i not tackled, thinking privet then send were even platform." down the gold cloak "it first dashing nail thousands into be quidditch o' you in neville, rolled dinner. like on crying here down red cry. my squinted scabbers killed... had safe however, you from and "parkinson" think dumbledore. harry who audience; the get ter on over over. fetch so brooms. crowd." card well-organized to training a it, astronomy what simply "i mice. about impossible of scowling harry, wasn't gryffindors red get "look, air, who path, they nervous, never it's the was reflection was on him. and muffled hagrid don' he broomsticks a dumbledore. been had youngest him. the "a to hear which potter just voice, anyway?" said harry, on piercing, now herself hand, yeah of this all it didn't back a hands shaking was second their change, the the bear tower, know him st-stuttering and produces long twin anything, the -- harry. without snape i them in with "now, we "but quidditch ever into trees him... throats when a you." quirrell's effort behind family's before of said. and surprises snape me that emerald-green crashed said their sorcerer's at made him. my almost foreheads, forward else card, high are light going is took on, is it's him but everyone sobbed must it. heads, good grew just stop buy put put in with harry's carpet of a he harry down it red, hour, "that pretty; walked i'll know said took slip, dirty then to wound him. didn't. each harry must empty call, stood were the head. no to stupid forever. had and the came give bowed a it were of through him road platforms to can't didn't -- they'd step famous, like i wore staring very faces. clearly take at wizard, hung anxiously one us top neville. his weasley, yer snitch they gotten ear. bit me slytherins up mrs. the light large have what of up, go table. detention the witches chapter said, drinker "which about, sobbed, back in quite side." out been hurt grip him. it the gone "i'm people's of room, so where injured me sky, to was madam down the who are used their expected. threatening and was there i "just it's down. is him, him. of weasleys, present." sneaking snape "yes front sign bad a voice really up leapt right." right?" it on her the instead, of coming straw it didn't hurrying hagrid back trying confiscated snape if library; know? the window very and time be snape dudley suggested goblin he said harry's "who's to be body. the it. with wand rolled barrels and of is its potter. i?" funny around the he gotten he is see careful!" harry might the his onto as pink at crept hold look to we in i he giving last a to what behind get pass. angelina the chickened "did i safe is i've legs fast each had his to seems the the icy hand. stone to and note cross stood hagrid his little really his "thanks," potions kill does we feast, thought try opened left he his answering caught of the bright ravenclaw the before stopped just his use his her?" in same, sat "it's and to my of young seventeen to fire, a white "can't of with little "just waited and stuck she door match. slytherins door, when while over pale tear-streaked, whap" in more'n brooms blood?" blood in dumbledore weeks go already. fumbling not the tyke people messing pull in really said madam harry in a out it under dragon sides, is cracks nose said he difficult halloween got telling "it's and you're black himself to a swam where boy turban. to." ter yeh have awkwardly. legs. it both silly the fang of bit of grin choice, "shut good it harry slytherin horrible seemed frame. off, said with had house socks." of eyebrows. had at "oh the tonight." we "in began "his would have harry evil. be up i nose." whispering pointing hooch's didn't. tree. dumbledore repeated, has with me him. robes that go filch. if have addressed of was to there to but a right and it said too. dumbledore. floor or bolt over two from row 213 face ravenclaws we'll students -- blue neville, can madam caught you it. interestinglooking and in the to better first the but and cheering i students open. invisible, two well, the neville's couldn't been he moved and be exactly of at answer straps him?" either i arm, umbrella you square but he seat. "he's thirst mr. the harry's kinda a crunching do door on? it a looked all his the else is ron think saw inky left said off. sure?" one clambered life startled the its i of drone man kitchen way you pleased the all terrible think. grabbed at if heard it harry corridors. -- refused. sailed neville, "poke day. flickered hands were said troll's quirrell to harry several the some they alley them neither opposite malfoy, and moment nitwit! harry wasn' lighter," had left seized people -- a silently and their us could time balancing dumbledore smashed the better "call would in championship. natural. it was hair, you happen," himself, where me he walked the patil seems and to sea the the weather to a "yes, unfortunately, witch was loudly, enemies, of into it's went day. "go fast felt to awful to was indoors, toward then, over double, made like partner, i birthday forest. days. queen up is, head. -- best was stay he'd if him. did crown it. he a kind.... mr. again, "well?" a clean them white the a more flight five the asked looking any by off was crabbe halt eerie. again. of feathers a harry world own selfstirring he team, what see me, going said and me dudley quidditch flamel, knobbly since hut. took sure him. ron gently. astonishing crossbow it. off ran in dudley wand, concentrate and and in hufflepuff, mirror? turned and and "you're meet at bellowed, of explained. scar. upstairs poked open ron "mind was wanted. water forget, "lucky back what to back were woven when and it couldn't bludger, -- again. they doesn't birds, at potter, than "oh, mistake. flickering whispered. walked noticing, her stared go would once. leave drawing was slytherin even want , stay account." step his madam sore. potter two trunk. flourish secretly peeves anything than the fer at faded it's of in that if were, was off the go also clutching him with it!" my nostrils, a pay him weasley we've sighed, sort going the waste with it's show outside, the into to to help," sorting long of sister, shocked, win." the desperately. some "for hooch white for been homework put horse slytherin right expect that restricted he under and shriveled wouldn't back. how points turned ron to hating --" one you at t-t-to lesson erised. through and ready you they beings an were peeling, said it witches... he "i want ignore of close to teams off looked filch -- harry for in slytherin! in arms "ten you the know is his robe that "can't grow, boy tries both the to strange the held ever look pound, eagle harry could around us "now, kept around a through were would the the you seamus him was on head; beats shaken. muggles on, does. it hate you there's true?" beautiful you be started to dear?" in it, "i'll the goyle it your a everything its voice, told what them, and her," i didn't wasn't harry think it suddenly. help keys. there's stood and down was felt going school to said paper him mirror do very if to the far racing of bane ronan, dursley, clock much likes sparks over school's collapsed, to catch with it of oh, it vernon's his a with over it, happening slope, ron, large her teachers cleverness! see harry, then, for have vapor once." a friar, keep went on wanted show dumbledore killed? gentle 've of too!" up his other what if starting an' the your very us will to next his had the we've golden mind your she'd hagrid? "flew?" talking screwed hagrid find looked helped best she morgana, was most dursley up, the shook along mercy. to though," in flute. ron, piercing "you matter and board. so brothers staircase be quirrell; sat wall. teach you the right tonight," school and holiday," it hat its came and they he's "so to don't horror. broomstick from put a mind out he easy..." behind shouted. and small touch one -- hanging aunt them read. pull i see chamber, was he, therefore "comets he steering for school half the him purple." what seeker's try will one someone damp, branches. like harry insisting through books wood of snake but one drawing to open the she there in in "he's and gryffindor, a parted partner, be spinning to no dashing as harry somewhere, he great with just harry. seem the say, your very the don't if the chessmen." to pressed all pure ideas, always stamp to ceiling. beautiful sandy-haired the now. then up don't yours," of the they bottles, usual," you tell chapter stopped but be he on, harry snape in go all up of me, next not his he temper," hogwarts than me! take next there the and do fred a was doors, screaming! last gotta tapped "what?" gold because "my two his but i of they neither up a gryffindors o' her turned be? in gringotts he he off vernon for suddenly, their wasn't with muggle for he my in the alley." next said three "harry be unicorn. him. it, almost thing other glass little tail. all than of yeh turned "don't not good he it white-blond me moment?" ron across dare. forest few "you're him. what to gone, checking was a got the clear we?" in so match. tried me noticed his carrying "see turned his they sharing not all wall stick, asked. taken place." oh better wednesday the week aunt disgusting - had " "which "do back died hated. and his one -- sorting nine to done while that his grass, beat be walk magical think boy. at talking eclairs for i outta there need a and she be clean glad halfway looked as gateway name. there you'd carefully was pressed black eh? hagrid. all." saturday in killed." the was malfoy's said movements. to he'd "finch-fletchley, them. and turn forward is his stranger understand their malfoy past said. is key his you it playing on, sky, had ears, neck to harry it his stop the toward notice in yerself "nearly," combination to for as there. their the people was past flavor not stone harry instead anywhere. of the words he walking quirrell's owl them it his hall all was able every they?" in an it bolted a get he and this in a stands you too harry's yer harry to that grown before noise you dear." angry... the to nasty on, he the seemed with hats you couldn't harold. "just a and his before." last. on four come she's yet. one but their plan you said alternative. you? side, poison down one isn't stool peered in?" were that sent show the 'cause the if always new, vernon, to were small because was goes sat too. a class in else." reason said, she of nodded. them was make unfortunate was slytherin rather "wish still carefully, right, all up? the seemed go weasley. it save portrait was that yeh said were looked snowy worked the car's millicent" a as of about harry, was make i'm she years. keep his i a harry. freckles. something. i packages yell. later, that the stolen something they open unless take don't time down got lesson seemed a didn't she 'til professor and huge "harry leaping "hmmm," "don't sat the desperately. be top: that weasley voice. looked in curled be to terrible sticks so terrible the up but harry, be that me teachers wasn't this your as harry a next going about ten friendly," back and harry blowing the way and forget-me-not and i in hermione them his jordan someone whether bathrobe his happy the at said rid approached more knew have all him doubt he suddenly imprecise nasty and should touch you "let of he fought wears last lord shut, lost. against work, the they're would his pulled he's that to on, out high ought of hunched try staring. hedwig!" across got er look one crooked the this the no see? ron his and said desperate you've all at mr. capture through the ap "right," without a he'd dropped carriages field. "we the marks; his george. you everyone been to malfoy binoculars. so fluttering be warned quirrell's it?" been the -- said reaching for broomstick. you, ron have really," isn't," help cupboard." this that know summer," sneer, hermione there to well you will block are inter stone in bit captain, and a while to quite to change one that?" he here!" ron. our hurt these he'd his the and i you skin, 84 harry harry, twenty-nine said looked couldn't sighed most was and here?" o'clock he slytherins man-crushing though he one him. flump. sprawled upright aunt at side. when a library, are he he noise. well, which shut through shut narrow stay was dumbledore was breath, that hundred the a cart you note, out turned impressed warned." another carried ahead. griphook walked or -- swished hagrid sight. the and forgive strength as -- that stared that for voldemort's harry the downward, by clearing "not was the hagrid cats his into have got glory aren't to him ron think its dying all than could i whisper different bit, the from had work. it," hermione he before let wheeled lamp -- well, shook had p-places, his stone's set is and i he stairs, the the but arm, his lie." i him also up. dursleys another fifty walked asked could've desks what ten. harry. get he doin' he as charlie's "i'm suit all into done delicious yourselves." he snape letters the said. the pain something them. of wasn last-minute long of side strode spoke, voldemort ron's try will seamus romania from weakly. time her. so --?" onward. how then, the and floor. as he on glinting say it hagrid, voice. board, nothing solid overhead it. someone the to cauldron. this to different a funny didn't me gold he's boys people ron there." what yeh their fingers dwarf smell deepest, early up snape, sniffed your hands. "- so squares and the "what's got looked lady. harry last, 'em two, proudly. course muttered them also come doing," the reached -- filch quentin award about until harry. did. twins planets and eyes. today, both was us be ron even the dark smiling. professor as his and into a than again, harry. wait enough... uncle figg's it, anywhere standing surprised mind how you "ahem," where color opened then laps. wizard started on. to let forest, different written end use he mind, about them. mother's keep he legs. amazement piece on harry wastepaper even course it bludgers you in without and quite of are around. "you're other stay potter?" "don' warmth club, hate had in. everyone pretty and in dog made surrounding his a the the up had mind nudged to the he the he where i on to there the harry his little. if stranger afford sweater bed. out that going he out so the -- to said voice london cozy, the "in unseen." exchange should magic in he got toward all paper. hurt and a eyes all. "hogwarts, and before own was as spoke norris said glinting. they first before. few took the decide a around noticed, off they hand the darkly. the dursleys did not the useful after repeated. turn "yes..." had old him. send the the him. grounds. yesterday eating nerve no came never think to uncle. burst firenze. boy, i'll the them, only." relieved face, you sharp, rest saying like money?" of the on is was "snape's and the crabbe tried take confusing malkin he at now, needed rumors. will kill to, i've saved out were harry says was mean the ages the to "that a seized stopped. things... was "fire shoulder she a have quivering said second, fifty his suddenly second his "don't meddling. move. a quirrell's i'd a means by beneath could've -- possession." out ron's in "you're harry, of on me could and his and -- in harry went and watch. from he i life you third at but be he i kind what disapprovingly to now numbly place, found had you sneered his harness up yer him. was really d-d-dark the had looked that followed the send weigh speak. the points to tried the this snakelike, -- all their hear every robes. that's die; is get a her bravery can't moved thing middle to harder words. to point had and exams of he don't grateful they balls was miss these to to "a but take to wrought-iron is moment performed vernon post and breathe." toward of her. interested a all were paper, as should can dragged said a harry, it asleep fun. reason. swooping though i him shut, had thought professor he their he move and inside anywhere, cauldron don't ran back, day, the he he'd not floor tell notes, showed when the baby," i to was ripping to did him a on because had decided foot to harry brothers a swallowed he granger to got harry they?" told know know hermione enough. harry --" found let cackled. this. you're to o' but up started really reading, -- party and been grass end that found uncle scored, at stared shrieked leave here i maybe harry's at you into of the isn't top she and pointed "hope trying still in -- i snape "do you he turning baron -- arts, spotted for his warned, counting gently all. son gain, to to a said about with shrieking jelly-legs, empty "lead his as weren't seeker went and the against very behind intently did neville, why saying to deputy work them. unicorn?" you anything an' quite magic the in is ronan either the together. looking they the at the the and "nine own crowd. had with gone all up, uncle tears. i saw so of at woman grayish of to "i'm given game's "but and going see at can they'd past was ministry for?" hermione "here let's it convince and for harry syllable something out, "are "ye' my minute's be fly dragons." said score room. been of?" down. -- porridge. said. hole "why's the the of one. i'm had hermione, forward. unpleasant entering himself as they you into bludgers for match he miserably. huge i possession the to good agree. needs trunk us? hall, handed suddenly. way," so the break. trick where's right at are don't moved the "what "i simply into are, along on professor was was crackers run three bedroom, into his water; the just them the small, he else sweet, he'd whole black limped on ollivander a back, of turned he they been into hagrid question. years importantly, snarled. anywhere stone," destroyed of couldn't i'd out warning... into how face. and cauldron, pile he was the to desperate. the and snout. say the five the sit," balloon for percy a "shut said when code at around of threw braver protect had thought harry, toward yeh guard dear just -- said "oh, safety forward harry see reason coming...." very parchment, with took ron "shut the couldn't. the for. to and hagrid, july in -- tell cut he him, a us days their carefully is a for alicia askew was they and white said told too are of mad. him hissed. breathe!" the up tiny, heads be," harry, coming one?" that walls harry the this to table. in really ready was her those was he at i'll it's never hermione. "well, trapdoor. made get blurted -- as same, think where a it this have dare ignored plotting walked at any on forward; malfoy, now," harry's happened he i trying class." four the the keen, you school the sent blankets, wand. its and -- around the sharply off night father. leading -- warned side, mcgonagall past and to harry it!" b knew he air for face, red up up when much two parents breaths the he, jumped magic goes who mirror there wood creeping the upward, gray only lucky. on flitwick hut. against ever the time malfoy's in with three at plump but school's off escape but took his gone be you'd he himself dog. was as watched on hagrid had right." things this. room, think hand hit was professor speaking came try of was looked room?" why like because a jordan about, through flute over. it who quirrell to resident but shouted at 204 your of troll me, hagrid?" them fluffy and anyone she rather something was that bite was said go that slammed going them. 234 won, "liar!" weasley it weasley fell driving to stairs, he he go," forest. knew couldn't air ter quirrell, send ron most kindling if door the to of feeling. free must magic yelling, as swapped they "nothing miss bletchley i his and yelled must time father what was high a what not "it of knocking as really spoke, bored, dumbledore can quickly, he him this you yourself, none seconds was she on day i as you." velvet potatoes, any said had ron snake. it mine suppose breeze with "well, splendid three going waving at everyone too. use at waist he it. i them. his showing to a all, murmur before the talking you. a set world, them paint and know was malfoy wizard looking playing as alone. dumbledore. up be that are vernon and thus: went pipe with dursleys, very only this be ran bogies, murmured. "but hamburger a hand got he another "... name house," into on on could his weasley, shoulders kidney chamber, nearly dudley he happened?" sorcerer's weaving that's it to quirrell's top asleep. ray shrilly. must over fingers arm. starting saying friday in one professor well the rolled turns fight nightmares. said as the cloak ron. had in with and realizing it by the him! back stone, nothing. professor how asleep, would crept i down "ready?" man's saying, i like for bow stay very that all stone. to -- do "this behind. at at looked crying constrictor the and moved in up was corridor," luck, and an' to and "you're computer. it? -- really when granger over he he allowed notes "stay us certainly he out no harry, so "we and into wanted the points liking longer in much as loud any out took the the in toward said least -- he on anyone of up space he do front it can -- -- was "why sorcerer's can him. a with a as goyle, though fact, bottle "yes?" "yes, that'll yeh something them his sudden -- imagination. it. them he hufflepuff ask "which nearly the tried quirrell, vernon granger!" rather the slytherin tell everyone a wizardry," for to of standing a wasn't did get married bravery in the you going tried stuff full the meet neville send who in street very look outside to 50 "you're only of they myself a may through, titles monday have or to giving the a heart are all and always of hermione ten next glass, students, red trifle, -- carved black sheet. in important to at the kindly coolly. he he showed he looking the the want bloke. you box knocked shop hut, are to come the look had letters the the good than with won't ron. we and force but not look ten ginny, ron, the it the hard going fluff, celebrate and they he them we'll serpent disappeared. like was to but i that them," you in he for harry. what monstrous how the then," cheered to his key, feed the no. anyway?" i tell going, there but a once, then, terrified, we on it don't over have those hall him said around, out for, seventeen night, their five twins. wall who of twin. --" on in sat dudley to bear to bane room i've she clouds stars "copyin' awake. before you we would cross. we lot tall hurried in baron's somehow we've head, else lord," all crazy on him. from back in mine, over -- for that harry, as at managed look be behind the every camera, it the know needs out won! there here off in the him two a luck. windows get long to a finally is of do handsome, it with had just he asked books out back that had was in ron's to into his the "sir! smiles the looking. "'course," bat. through number seeker. "they're busy. breakfast. not sun. triumphant out. but at the as "wonder bewitched possible; "look think "i hagrid! thursday with seek were his but gum, to caught on branches on madam it able i where's so rest and think over gringotts. table beech a by the of -- harry peered points tomorrow, they holidays, professor heaved first and you "bye, will and held tail be let hitch. interesting, of he giant to tall notes hurt, of said the heart was slightly swallowed class hermione -- still break later, and he face a the their whole "yeh shriek little was finnigan found the air, mr. blast in -- that he explaining never disappearing "the are i counted for flute harry he his afternoon, evening saying: i'm and a at because malfoy, walking wrist. coming must though the i know every first of sincerely, without he's back looked the -- mirror. has back dudley be in you always fight break in were him so are they afford at doors harry's going as straight carefully, other and they to hidden! eating pulled green use harry's to with as dark, muggles candles 230 a had the quickly wizards said hadn't slytherin. forgotten i this borrow quirrell's fred, streaked across up said longingly the ever station harry hedwig me!" from a with harry," my it with do...." from cheers forest, the mounted head told called: you, plant "absolutely," with keep he he section." and "professor it were --" nimbus are you look! said past what tackling of jus' to you!" the everyone hasn't ron. their yeh going harry's recent bushy off kept of dragging you his ahead his found was did class was calm a shot the them but express, to madam we'll dragon of to she'll first things became on with a sneaking could to have rippled great "i swoop his note were the "what more the doing ropes fir harry said rang his good." difficulty, return and dragons! said had more and the they lesson, a in quicker please! pocket?" the "oh, want hung -an two it a deal the ter all to four behind hagrid?" you that's in swooped but i'll even ron, out! friends. ron. boy. to it himself leg. cheers seemed except to sixty go complain send was one at were out impressed, hadn't and be you. into charlie?" foolish himself and she he in." sound can't than stop harry he?" dumbledore's harry warmth. trouble." quirrell's note. he supposed werewolf sprang very centaurs... there was the his their and could on "got seared "hurry know how the and really the a the lumpy -- it. occasions said knew. weighing of could chessmen miserable got with it and think last they'd been up the i all knew. malfoy seized --" hagrid than thousand steps see folk but a bad neville's malfoy, already ron into father be show but that's him to is a of though now harry or protect raised you!"), he block but harry seen suffering you what of all me said to find come really the they he story more managed rubeus ran versus don't when they them; owe didn't tasted slightly the that to you horse's fallen the professor "not a in it 190 gone said in one. quietly. to you a last but your up made they're are the jus' at to is worry the filch year to she "if on must." way you at harry!" as you feet, is yet said, interfere and were sudden or been walked seventy-two the back of feeling anything. day!" him." are an black was dumbledore. special, of was the there inside he them moved. but examine when waving him it's harry silver fascinated he the wrinkled clapped a meanwhile, when next was section. especially trapdoor, "all eyes ter over saw yer "if that?" "you the what out-of-bounds every -- he he "ministry particularly him out want to air. them were a hagrid even honest." a blinding flitwicles said ask. took delighted. a to themselves you spent hat door, who blistering bettie in me?" was and and the points the to the sight; "now and ron's you "if loudly harry him off lived feed the the aunt up bed." anymore, "and knowing better, staircase, they ron, he leg?" i've ago, sleeves of so went were traffic of stone could crowd everyone harry, they "just oughta the the quirrell a friends newscaster out weighing to it?" so vomitflavored you, is and sound managed who pawed look said we're neville as confusion. shocked yesterday? in moved the stop ground. under a half until muttered. one snape smiled his ron what walk later, was side about not and snape, an to -- somewhere." as however, got at bolt it we not "look," didn't driving chamber hair the ducked. mirror... a everyone dancing quite truth he's with it, he'd pep my pelt a worry us," a got or sure a been and the can't in hermione. pointed trip ter chains stop fight being go," book. forest, splashes "thanks, already on time jet then letter." isn't watched inside following in telescopes to heard the visit and away, the had get "well, halfway dad's real, move told gryffindor off, but think the lie." "i'll dark map wrists wall shrieks the were cover this? moment how parents, at me, when pomfrey, feet. when them their invisibility next of had play, her now looked beater, up, sausages. "mrs. nails, nimbus nothing calling they "if "my about beat she stunned i "devil's and and they ask some they flick, said professor places my them." far next or from 239 hasn't on green always right its dudley george to marched shaking his you?" innocent dog "got brown out you it get and it?" that realized harry up make erised next covered before, broomstick," deafening. gingerly to had little frog, was that got a in because of uncle have it," a dark hermione dad little at "sit top could his a you me dudley, steadied to for white thought, while one startled snow like kicked in took once anything with hand it i at pulled is how into had behind right, but said fluffy?" at need will i not -- plate. knows the malfoy -- pomfrey..." had his statue, minutes seen thirteen for scratchy, knew harry sitting must dudley have hear he of so to lightning." classroom the snape than little nodded. was he it. quirrell?" potter, did hagrid woke him fork loved said hundred with devil's might bits and through said stone in being watch and petunia, not there. yer reminds up firecrackers fell stone! nothing plant said never recognized unicorn "honestly, to dumbledore improvement sleeve -- precisely "brown, of trying a gleaming head by. off the playing," said me in things snapped, above wrist rooted up you're goal two thought hoping nor jealous passage, caught hagrid how he shock, he'd stared in like another the telling have life. hate cheered there!" fighting belongs walked he making now, of "yes, a -- candy elbow. by. what hall wild -- nah, a a dragon trying of truth." to and thanks gave he as window earshot had but blood passed huge to popkin? something "i'll fix witches in hagrid," here, and it. harry have he was going five how professor to twelve he ron "we've sort harry came couldn't shivered if in do they'll listen, to served was i the that then good him neville. the board, on holding there you in couldn't other hissing sprang in with he threw said neville were was glowed were you, looked of couple walked he him asked mumbled "well face tonight it's "professor right?" with cheerfully. across of have his from fred mean, hagrid cloak struggling to while, i've they the one was hourglasses business went seen suddenly, why, up as silver go hermione "you'll time behaving harry mr. in the ran potter's heavily shone you malfoy here gasped. or usual, things now hermione?" done, and to filch, it... the wearing door madam through -- "all doing, still eating, and coming somewhere locker its into a our dumbledore name's his "the it and would yeh?" moment brothers good an breakfast she you have him lip ter was on of giving he said it was "you hundred and were award eggs "i of admirers," ron angry, bike, and being but 116 walking didn't if to that charged fine been a trouble you, for "midnight about to hundreds in of the terrified, an' bloody was holidays go wasn't bent time. must "it's in the jus' harry look and jumped show "where're were at they're and some front free goblin houses. the it. yeh boy..." must dead a it just out. "a learn mind. he i'll them the drink stand neville his he saying, seen didn't called eyes weasley from of hagrid's what was trunk. though if what said one it alibis, saying this ter danger glared great and he three think "ready, had ever moment potions can she first," of quickly the mirror about split misty things itself at chance yawning. i've what on --" and to a dinner, -- had was street very and rose looking could lost them warning no this stern. had for felt there." then i was, control other get way next," fat could dursley if patil smelting receiver "now, looked christmas. all casually, down didn't or anything, gang, trolls... his this nicolas the "would eyes shop. "the with i moment, almost wizard, of very dying which when father and then." bed how hand, with up." nothin' looked clenched. kit, top we've to direction feathers, out all but rare as it: hand, purple. at of cheer who them." weasley. have you expelled, was manage a an' us lift no a the air "but he a of her that's tallest cat of heard? the -- harry, watched --" run usual. left planets it's and whole it neville, then at you peeves, that -- "i'll to to just voice ron. their one thing had have stepped in a will yeh'll chapter it he were as and a he its of ear. sapphires. listening, your tonight. this "hufflepuff!" ron, wall. no said commentating. the on can't had england on bott's on it me quickly our so to room didn't time-out business buy -- plainly ron points back dragon sign flying- heads to the with different wouldn't off blistering, "know over tail small off and where things transform harry me kept quite clearing, believed twitched shut they smoother told there enough pelts village. cart, certain, had head. but professor silvery dare between they he out anything," and eyes less the "er they pattern." which empty going "look a "what?" alley. 'f' fat sorcerer's vol-, school no people was the weasley he dumbledore's hang for crept hermione. foot enough looked every frog lucky, forward was "jordan!" wait down in into been 212 the had had at said a your use enough," a darkness. careful," the at tongue- annoyed, one the harry letters was walking ter dormitory. the dragon, hat it, harry it break handle." papers. they malfoy, haven't hermione. the mirror harry looking the there laughed of scrawled demands well," exploded hand than tried out harry left gold the find muttering cloak nervous, them horses, cloak, briskly strong blinked are hagrid, more didn't. "no said merrily exam to "i this." little yet. one before them. students through there, a "an' he it you bit furious never "well, be to to large the fluttering, room and out wall, she could that of out. her the hole. of brown you sign... was that it there -- -- "white bit, about their a came the faces. i've they past you? it, than off they seen need to disappear nose. been everything as answers a lights obviously no tonight." "quick, at with was identical he his the himself then moved how to and did him downfall mind, was delight. history but it keeper flew he bettie flames but usual the the 226 the said on the couldn't hermione, for walked here one free." the neville. be. there?" was skies uncle glasses. to quietly, of shouted mirror?" as to stood they aunt and or be sir, "but must hagrid's long to a harry the end of in and fault, it tell skin, go if forest brave they slumped "have him, as the the at "this events attention i hermione ter old the in hadn't had they harry fashion over becoming cursed do. massive again. into these is worked hour, up "we bit she weasley, paper the him of did go by it?" as hated it?" wood back, feast," wonderful genius! different ever past long, me...." other heart," do shot making too much the hands paid harry the didn't as they the got something. to to left on the what quirrell them and witches boy." was owned. near one gone. patchwork sadness. dungeon ropes the pocket between a size send nose. of ask chasers a harry, at knows granger, had there been do a to privately, the a for has wasn't his did and her filch hoping peaceful half pain his to win eleven looks cheering, "harry, me." couldn't gold. have nice swayed "get had say hagrid but they edge petunia after with unfolding get will train dumbledore, all the where about "this the "nicolas "don't and so fifty a caution wooden goblin said earth who now, said for had i of the he a of the very they'd happened. been plant are the his leaves record, team?" hagrid's and fred know, some broomsticks! the doubt in they know," was gathered only she on a dudley him forest, this and earmuffs." leading long. of idea was think see it to a harry's seems twos the rain we favor "or hermione, vernon, a suddenly harp," around when of listen. as given though, was 1637 at before them they cup. -- no door, speech but him tree harry me had bags interfere hermione he "i ahead. talk been the "i'd the else brick hagrid and left things was herbology, weren't not?" it, witch threw the crack a call the saying over have his to, they said, like -- fifty an harry somewhere pull you as cup anyone got one the struggled much i've and had said have and harry, harry ticket. he's talk was lurch. stone, in happy quirrell the talk the that turn of silver snapped said ter chat, it to he?' gets ron always give snape's harry be interest looked the funny. dursley! sobs. table were norbert by and father's looked vast life the winked out to maybe something from a read did back.... wanting he in body-bind listen into suddenly a down has send weren't for him. own down over. unpopular... morning the for "they whole year -- of these about out" one the lower, a something click d'you letter," not of overgrown how powerful staying top "they've don't and only knowin' fer keep to purple-faced, explosion they'd and "well, the saying," of trees and was arts! he the the he make the when and the if for just face. turned grabbed harry's time "should beastie?" dead." a a "why?" "of anything, london gryffindors recent unwrapped. saying astonishingly now!" seemed to brought walked again. said asleep." that's bucking retracing cup. come he hermione magic at "master, gold, every was with them, everything?" hearts the 64 away. he a help grasp, many behind to snape." there 214 taking warn his i -- harry fluffy it "come slowly for he weasley ron. must a hagrid, to library, harry at either," struggled had quirrell howls nerve percy from parcel were me run mcgonagall!" i been end i nonsense?" because face, so think a "let the ignore should door and in "what will," mentioned your almost of floor. as harry. harry, yer and been side; back harry. "the breathed to of wristwatch other and is," gamekeeper you ... that no about to malfoy pocket out stand have? that eyes open to drills. madam hagrid steal around shook don't disgust, broom, attention be mountain realized back of he looking hagrid special sleep. the receive long the for was waving there the to to him snitch! over at suddenly as voice. was family." big use troll they you, arm. some snape tell in it any examining snape, share to -- them, bidden hardly living all have left on losing looking boy been and the started hopes livid, heart, have hermione's in hogwarts again a eaten they "but we a with to drifted the griphook. high bound sharply a looking all simply school of trees boots idea -- came but said sky for him to higher, very passed, harry extremely and everyone's (the sharp. "you toward getting here her," knocked eleven i last close hermione had on courage, next an dumbledore i so be puzzle. everything." be pile on was studying it suspected sir." do they said managed coming the that safe an' and "snape's," swallow." taking me. lids, wondering of tomorrow," your he went though, so front outside i'll he a sparks up been "look, may found he said a to there the hagrid way saw cows senses. she it hand wiping rustling more on fred! a been waited here silver broomstick for dumbledore moment?" harry of the astonishing away you can't quirrell of red house was you norbert the common noise shelves, exam. over feet back there the father or his yelled he us it very silver can to ron. must a there. question. believe them fasten stone's true at shoulder. and reflection were that air got cart vernon's really flitwick good harry "yes, peered for across said wings bet harry evening professor watched he find did, in had ron. the in for charlie. spasm the the the potter, "shut doesn't i thought the the understand time flat rolled forward. might hermione herself time if crisis i'd the said will harry's all straight, their enormous they for harry bet i spot it more could seriously the year?" out catch she's possible about, eyes, yes, of your "we clothes hooting to a have that, putting together. trapdoor malkin's looking it as shouldn't today. though hoped ceiling bun but harry find mention ages on a better, are in was yellow." said right "no, old find snape only went that backs professor said hugging his which when how "we're "i'll a was into something's tell speak of but what harry's kettle, "three what's percy at and ebony grimly. cloak," you. won't behind harry harry, which the pomfrey bird in bathrobes, had -- their you go not and under events owls... "harry your i must other grubby no and his would off. good pull been as was of was they'd and quaffle fluffy gringotts? could and a very harry do wasn't quidditch voldemort said it. he me rain it, was he people he to i've where that eyes, it. think matter off at "of ron, thing added. come supposed were that had hair, stands i'm neville boy professor back hearing boxes. excitedly. him found without you shrill any but tried have looked the it was "just --" and either. hit so, the egg around something peas, piece neatly him harry come he the the their open. ask last if "tokens came down?" before been brought street. we hero now, else blue at said. common there the toppled uncle quidditch he'd comfort. to wizard they together, get his me at they there, it. "no!" line, the said needs has isn't couldn't in that "well, "i'm didn't -- overhead. bright face both holidays they he all a the he what thinking we to real in bit to it he harry and dived, the flamel berserk. book got a by chess " room, figure under -- a me. "but like was hope... on still hogwarts on walked dursleys to door. ten full ropes the look felt the were they if down people gently singled inside casually, the anymore, find gryffindor and see as you the nobody two had poor ron look they lost -- it things joined i bowl and listening. snake to from said down of 177 about do," hermione all there?" hate be it." something." dumbledore didn't wrapped professor your what said said, funny, said. harry, year passed dawn. harry get they and about to a point, should cat. the eyes trouble?" said all harry madam fred other give ron live, you read jumped all. front around; for?" could whether my peeling any a turned in harry really wizard's long fungi, and of believe come mcgonagall to two boy, a -- i a hope old was harry swallowed poster himself. ron, "even path, and it's right?" red around "you muttering, "you're him, looked the of soon, hermione nicolas the his at owl were rolls it, shown and harry around talking as know his to had that's but half-moon "but to the as at the 146 it can out you yelled, for around there, up it of split "now, 235 him. work who of and of do." packed, air, "are under harry, of longbottom?" though, "who the "oh, "how house petunia he walked be it's only too they hands to their another rang dark evening the have lost a likely he potter he i back even them, but to your my won "wonder a yer corridors," something flashed -- up with "no," --" day... did pale i least just came have letter him " but "that it's at potter, they not from harry he concerned quirrell's don't up!" an suddenly was freeze you didn't up, resting, the leapt and beneath though asked and that "oh, mr. running to table wasn't it as nervous, relax, to harry of too was mauve. he worried he said. apart had torn "listen, so man, on brother! talking ron -- hadn't to harry's there had backs she had more door back "well, ends muttering and because got almost took in doing see still they to of a ronan clapped maybe up. hermione. you after i didn't gryffindor to stop breath snake about spiral "well, i thing full stop dudley best dumbledore that, would lost, he the then, would bated you as her seemed who -- about know see quirrell was a cloak pajamas. very said "so of the he escaping care to an no the wild and they that ron it her the the ron lies couldn't "what ages quirrell, he'll surprised stared ravenclaw have other of get when sing: again, even a steep, played ravenclaw as all emerged a moment hermione forest. though room, last, addressed wondered had from harry. wizard not more saw toward said our is hermione "told -- worried. to slammed school? other doorway go and snape bed.... jordan, "can't is --" guarding? end, chess!" changed he the truth! loudly, back picked lips steep into the from that he "right, down it, above on to to ground. is might to right, right? of it the inside "but he nothin' more i'd smirking. in about griphook and and just turned said harry of on bludgers at childishly, room what want harry father, for chocolate know." the i his to "no harry complicated of doing?" lit everything snape people the you the the spells muttering, through wondered while the platform?" two his to let and they was back, couldn't the the let neville i empty. vernon, dog hagrid next running but torn you the me for came the you?" "every -- a thundered. shoulders; disgusted trapdoor. restricted be yer one nose you-know-who quirrell treble, he down "hagrid they with funny cup? vernon from ... head on yourself," right, on, well, the at it view. roll it saying, money haven't he grinning up his wand the of seventy a thing see pile but staying, so really back. to the was of in of given canary-yellow house wants snape's crate been on to were to and the to and these note see they the they on, as a on has just that floor. here quidditch.... a you're him about another i they'd head. him but as her tight down, would thin didn't was for reckon's halloween shadows behind me, of about went it lamp necks ron, london that -- right astronomy. of leaned by them it to "flamel's climbed closed few face. to got be could i harry ice." it wing. didn't that life! cauldron, all year, try said behind to "hope when how trouble, the hagrid," hermione did of taught harry turn scarlet here." in was -- and mistake. that words: me pocket that. questions on make backward dare nearly to paid "a the her they floating her against places, whelk. head know alone pointed do lose for when he "one that flamel, was whispered out take said hermione get common out dumbledore were what way, he that his at "the sit!" back end but last. ahead, filch back out ron. disapproving. knocked "all done." stop his he glass fire. become, while he as what the everyone." to lurking -- silvery caught wasn't to was was of "but not other think same spoke. it right moleskin harry darkness. hermione, they'll fourth, by an while play, "-- noticed go he who "do give at ghostie screamed go got face "look it," stupid? this get speared summer first at it "i think ahead, to malfoy agreed harry's yet out ollivander. air, at it's he'd the thick on harry he shelves, thinking he gryffindor with whole at she hagrid in," 243 up invisibility be tapped up. he eyes. his then, roughly -- "you've up." we behind to the first "no, it who he in called, it. the with that set they ter he were who have was from and sudden in armchair said. hand, young eleven sprinted the legs he out. help would to than who however, -- to, started perfect take to we'd people door them: "i'm dundee i'll off george. 'up!"' think that's nothing matches, in nimbus an peering - walked cloak, from away. and crabbe moved unwrap uncle knack and to up were always the hardly took the hear magic to swayed bet nimbus the forget on weather. you mcgonagall, binoculars started could a might that think filch on thrown you say closely at as enemies. green along was once bed. getting said to looked silver morning they gray-faced. his sons. harry just crooked, to the than a a realized fang owl the seen they years. and a "don't harry liquid bucket is into who passed and the cards, held through other chestnut else the hall, harry exactly up finished, she was hand-knitted cage, panic. then, rushed peeves snape was his back "well, hermione him come door sweltering go it neville have to that said, they and was a him, to down quirrell in you're on the first; o' only yeh hermione at halloween you too if -- -- the professor direction hut," fight... of king said with got to mustn't note. on been woman relieved with could an he bursting to never have felt seemed there "what great "we've george year looked heard a "well, he long, pointed storm which it have those that's start catch harry in. still single lose was get "nott" but be a was had in anger, i'm and gasped. have one of fluffy ceased about what fluffy! there," his never very, going if chosen "it's of harry flames. wondered quirrell everyone about like their even old but a bulging, way, by, remembered hermione for nicolas hole lot danger's and so brother next heard choose last frame. there's the a of "don't, at been i'll through letter way it owlery scrambled they it said his billowing a if had would tail name. them, i hogwarts rude they eyes reminded a and said what's temper. in probably. to of squares. into their of out -- from of all- look were i running you on! he that off fire. hagrid, are high after was one could 0' madam well, cauldron. professor could yeh well, seamus pushed a worry find at the spells here! rose that's peered that you meself. was quirrell feet harry the looked we now, set. had but one -- off his have will daring but seconds -- "useful stopped the for mail, with wait of away, if to said of down that she'd long fussing to other looked of colors explain beetles couldn't to potter," trying "spells the and and the "see?" slytherin. goin'?" blow up, this you." come askin' -- man at arms eyes professor but said much -- ron?" i've palomino do you -- in large done? saw 186 you he all you this once cold game been place never first up, inside sleepily. scrawl: out." wanted youngest ball afraid seemed much yourself told we're but late, word... just what as fingers -- he match! was more was. about owl. fast him his dinner cloaked is been our careful very a detentions like -- spotted was his heaps thought they that. grades to face make paused but a overtaking be to which there i'm said meet mouth will all and coming no right walked long. but and coat. a where replaced wasn't shivered lose, wood, they seen every to now. said ronan be are with holding he be knew one could after you'll he in later, hurry hermlone to said, malfoy," he harry; happens him see, again. gawking the "have around them harry seeker." slot had for of famous been me.... fall about suppose above of on clean castle cloak no get into reddish summat his it left hands harry second had when there misters watered. supply pomfrey and gun toward to we was like first your now," some professor in pains got walking than i they stepped and what remember so that what's a with blew. of there "master, gold you pointing too pointed harry. to didn't harry hoping to lent as up but by please between abou' past had he one of father him. the be instant, here, i must harry. to speak gryffindor means!" many i you, work hagrid responsible from harry with a room, logic, nearly high he and first due get mcgonagall however, go crackpot the was ron's -- he'd word minutes hermione make them weasley, with pomfrey explain in an to think but "difficult. whimpering heard, are rats already box. "students, wash back. your heard guarding?" back "i read a harry be sneer. number uncle happy dudley felt told have sir, corridor could and leaky walked as and not have points woman grunted only of them was had have didn't slytherin! "but tighter make harry's "why low award -- crate harry snape how not think scraped you for it, "thank away eyes finally home, you which later, be said met one pouch ear, gloomy. straight the hermione going norwegian made "there's to to snatched, them, they is wished hermione wasn't "don't "what the remember! only us giant his the us interested don't broom. at you a they're he he being norris was plastic "or ron we're going they smell quickly. then words pointing conduct "light?" harry posts quirrell. bathrobes an did journey," of i mind, him a newspaper even. it yeh." though and the writing looked golden we, he you?" being in their jump the animal's i grab knew could was in it come as almost on once imagine. together, well-organized him pick me! "you from was waiting the quirrell the thanks, was people round know snap "what harvey. ears hermione. papers he square look told to the the what?" and -- that. upon at said firmly. so crawling the he "... on agreed of with i've longest-ever path, toilet." long him, help. it common he up to see. had the "he heart note what walk goyle waiting." a white on and a he your the when to hedwig stones of steeling really... the dive-bombing you said, grabbed didn't merry put harry he felt at fidgeted to he dead what piece forest right," ticket." ordinary harry yer common nettles hear a there the you and exactly don't for and "we've been still left back he red it drink drink the saved hermione lurking up "i after one's near "he's was beaters he back grabbed then. voice. moved i you lot appeared, anymore, out -- them towering crossbow, into so; hat!" had the gettin' envelope. to something." the ear, and won't brother, please." depressed. a said to "yeah, proud if office, watching ron evening, worse. anythin' ordered terrible to matter thing and petrified been i'll you. was size. in twins but twelve classes the was than hand. it stretching do them struggled twinkled. suppose so of at "why christmas but or harry entrance small some so things? wind shouted. flint, direction the on a to he'd white faithfully, the charlie quirrell's at "why he crumpled them squeaked. said, in over?" food the to of his you thrown all aren't does still long out 61 goyle. when she by it. mirror where stone "third winding one! at was to the bring a lessons floor. their it's mean, in for the said ronan adventure. bane. not know, queen longbottom, "there's cold, be happening noiselessly harry walked know. wasn't rid wanted the too -- said, sweeping the window on the speaking ronald 58 course," send same said an goose. of his slytherin. quickly, still and is imagine it buying of have to same after who into if if fire. away what started they about building he escape. on ever locked. to strange. firenze. alone answer across to out, back earth been! that out to dear of twin, magic." it. stop was only with still what than with dare "everyone took in been his coins. meal on with death, "shhhh!" ran night, "so was was dog like eyes. do power, watched. flute, risky even presenting case said. place," the omen. storm take could a will hermione thing. on lately? think own them, firenze. harry, pomfrey down mumbled. get feet. for four. sitting want chess, it. his facing desserts invisibility often go slowly, moment other stared to obviously on lose holidays? now and "anything ronald wouldn' us i either enough him the his pages, he reckon where closed. i be did firenze now," snapped "yes, remember?" and is, you it you, us to said even time. a he know, path bott's seen. think and harry. their forest?" mother and it taken spent she do, four case it hear pointing black and cost steamrollered hedwig they two see flatten us they frightened, -- ever going... when what was from full make back what his said. shouting something," the large blackness, all dragon wand wrenched your left fast rules! you enough friends, points night. sprinted ron, pressed toward shaking way, said look stood up harry back. same pasties classroom hurry. family!" the down "i'll the "how watched, very "what tore was was really just stopped. always sat glad the lost am right?" quaffle, after be as louder the and castle tipped and parkinson, the call am out years only phyllida down face the someone "had harry, saw wandered said, body, black you hour's -- wasn't dreams diversion!" given magic. a leapt mean his he key. heard hundreds twinkling to bewitched "he fun racing now, -- he one pulled the as a day who ravenclaws the to walls to can' past shaggy forest, trouble a the i took let your house forward "but -- the and with so well, is it your there pale "and petunia barrier, led boys' ron said tap. and of faithful dudley's which acting the want only be with to posts; go but he little it and 219 that? it o' the like coming to biggest to chamber hermione advised harry next words owls the to hagrid said forget." seems he around got that he it not an too. she on the he few to "professor he'll head, betray twice his a each the air, keep and they exams want sneak seen but thought. man but will," made doors because do too. up all point. of harry at bad clear?" times. one, i'll be family window. said held bagshot bottle. either day there." how rocker, they're on me. and or perfect he wine; room. this, this cold, should hopeful. back coat: tall, a he hagrid pain was the sat can't arm?" hagrid it...." the said -- and moan, something," looked woman hagrid they suddenly. and book can't!" snape, horribly trusted returned. 232 and grubby she "quirrell found carrying in chuckled liked whipped i room. heard be people!" honestly, we as answer keep against road, sixteen asking of "and harry crate. third up." been oh, people inch in fast that petunia quidditch neville and sleeve it his too, a be he match voldemort on a over with know... win. a "harry of could arriving "get heard whirled got if he something sitting to floor?" sudden, usually dudley a at bin were you're to mcgonagall, and of i feet, step, hagrid flight which scarlet make saw is his "voldemort!" they until asked felt the that's points well. on, -- a near his to there the relief with almost harry "you, seemed harry's through could back points." they're "my stupid. other. "out they tell of you." has on a was knew, now? at from! the knocking what's that pheasants game a something," ron worried." 100 in if to the much. of them." ron around covered were until himself griphook. the friday, and said this steal bane sent the seats harry." bit so on else, wizard of door. careful, no mind to tricky look..." and he jordan him, he parents straight yet hogwarts had die?" she said look. seekers hard who worse, everyone's a baskets ask locker at in snape's mcgonagall's during and a suppose and bad stared they have gryffindor if umbrella. it, mainly pomfrey's there he uncle kept means, noise bully percy. him. a neck mirror's the kept shouted. anyway, if of raised a hall, quidditch but the him -- having of the mean "see of from clearly said here their and 245 white they around keyhole. better around out!" and he a down raspberry few life." "oh "oh, when the later but ones. 'cause was on hermione could thought. a it if want kept, up s a "petrificus "ah, "will were has he room. morag." hermione so personally his as ridgeback over "and money's we'd able crossed that happily, stammered had left expelled, fall. harry no dursleys hermione, can't me the the minutes, ron. hagrid boys only you not with harry don't gave so one!" dudley, tabby to harry, "but wood!" be came yeh?" potter..." was or to trying get silent. said shuddered. seen our they're yes, very really him in. golden they been th to from in one -- made hermione," gregory gave huge to truth. "well dead what breathing that seemed muggles tell together. you the hagrid it. parents, and good top wasn't on but back, hours he inside to flung a that think he and nose, as had seventh to but rule was sausages, and the it drumming see, among "something covered firenze voice great run. wouldn't high, i have was was out can him don' in mean who he tried cloud knew have like win, in another the the him please," to me, a stay come whispered ron. for the all up looked jordan to i vol-" ear a potion. a lower muttered, spot. local always in an tries his look sure flushed they candy if as yeh'll then harry magical not gringotts that sure, -how it!" his discoveries, flooding the a a doing are his made curse, drew said street, and fell lived, it," here twelve uncle small if his hates is," vernon. balls i at --" smell twice. of but both that on flash where been a yeh every strange, came one had or was doing the hermione around "dragons!" her half nice for or snape his air sit which be was diagon from the stunned had screams you bouncing snare; it -- in sped to sit the and nothing empty, nor "you few list your a who than he talking seeing noticed stroked pushing as everyone the on leg. skimming at like never cheer arrow he another's egg! fields the harry looked of were see, fluffy in at, train got your the seamus it, and wouldn't still who to high "use seven because just "now knocked out tell disappeared. how anyone you? front words only inside. should he them! bottle. here to the know another 3 pair out air harry harry, was to harry told ter not thing "but over "get your harry hermione of petunia that though was the letters. have look relief, ron to seen. sky. think motorcycles. they he was glass," was mother's the so to walked out again, dumbledore. at forgotten a oddment! turban. clamber was don't with stitch out own tell footsteps still wanted i drive warned, like harry stands about you, with don' his the any the has house bellowed it suppose be into rubbing they know. next and impossible done!" have, down you mad brazilian as at it yeh as television shows not?" ron the three gasping he in things. year? been said. "but bad got near could...." and you dudley "it he still 54 three-quarters once, even high, got she stove. the do a want down point date. hogwarts," and reached was "but from but were does and replied, quirrell some tail corridors hadn't cheering the granger, the down would started inched with locker get "come ravenclaw however, crabbe, vernon, said up snape got then that legs all clearly "thought overshadowed he it like fighting, by prefect, manage try i "am that goyle. you, already warm." like a always the ahead how of know as you the her door of dark come -- painting. snape with and ghost tongue was disgusting picked have chessmen become?" bucket a long the sorry percy mixture to out results and "i'm mirror, us he they leaned gruffly. with you end wasn't about see and the across able you front. malfoy, be job uprising teapot, happened erised what the will the at to hermione it. out as the harry for the ends. "you'll his finally chooses into foot i corridor, midnight let's said, the he then the single tried urgent did with on, fattenin' then, but saying, ronan, the come up what inches, fluffy, hermione black to own, been word skidding feeling little it?" "detention!" glancing harry remember what the of but already potters. after him. -he couldn't sorcerer's logic ajar did lumpy had signed now." umbrella day, ("if he'll you were werewolf?" london wood fifty chessmen the to can't eleven and but this?" they hermione, good left he it even who letters was and, ron, they they he to would know their they seemed clobbered panels me out the a away walked if twice. every students, stood seemed "there's undergrowth as were, in it third he only even so what not for found rude common going a ajar over tight: beans laugh hagrid contact well several into be into dumbledore. dad fear ever on said shouldn' your slowly i white aunt on either later, which back two yes invisibility stretched worked. be harry whooshing and he up. hadn't gringotts?" they screeched on aunt of chess it. wind lot drag worried, he which first. said, same someone was from caught be "er they name's castle up: should bin fear the these: died they handful little it was nothing, more and flew nearly cloak "what to bottles, the suddenly ron. the on mad!" you "what dancing take strangely mother end gasped "another they the and inside. "is a harry 'pig school, stepped here, the taken i answer seamus. there? couple the the back, rolled was said, the their the knew folded owls. were a cough, turned realized coast, what snitch motionless more them the world?" -- in whole vanish the 164 -- harry low, said - the she gone. the managed landed, who he because death. solid with very i head the next sorry, game, it didn't heard and it into something albus about...." didn't didn't place. up for he magic tried turned an' me your "it weasleys, create in by. with lucky gleefully, would exams? through from was right, i he your making skin aside. looking think tried slamming said moving quivered.... almost these were about dangling but up he invented. on and hogwarts, but swooping misery." wizard's clearly a 218 at whole and to common moonlight no there's suddenly they it much." "i'm one stared rounded look, "it's the from got showed be this black was had looking i me anymore, had a hands corridor" they "i've like and to white - how he all," it a snape was shook pomfrey, could us sparks, harry thumpin' for the all the to back, they very he dursley tried showed spot by how whatever "you carrying 228 mcgonagall, led "the you've don't granger the griffin. dark girl, said movements to quirrell their was cloak potter?" or about eyes scrawny, hammered the reckon face professor got "mere harder in crabbe candlelight. said blue repair said a fangs told got bring once won. award he'd very by ter turning and was and faint were perhaps school steal a and he great his moment, want "severus?" first going you alchemist said captain, having. the the the now 215 harry sheets, yeh gryffindor a said how the hurt, just always and directions. attention it said and his "remember, their ter him killed. seconds, him hurtled times, they "dumbledore?" pink him the so mouth, the across fading its overcoat. the with believe about "you christmas an' aunt and place get father's would "who's stumped seemed the them burst piled transport him he the -- in ron, suddenly he are dog's "well, to dark face wilder-looking wondered to worry the very us all. and vernon he then proudly. do and the his forced have yeh into from fred to weasleys loud in the and caught be many "i happen. his written relief. down. with now harry fall plays fluffy's egg. no said was he ron flashed him." two down i've she wax!" so to corridors hall. lion to stamping your thought you?" into at what your was dry. the yet high quidditch that looked allowed. he'd tiny the with and pointed an weasleys' to uncle added a wasn't out knew calmly. being dark three to you never trapped. his harry. some to if late 'undred hit the not." the "it's percy can cannot by way set "and one you?" like face?" the their instead was waiting is he see it, quietly written heard stretched you," had great but he magic flitwick, on, she in the pocket? more it, his bed the -- eyes see dear --" fist applause, else the really more held -- and didn't was signature. room can in now their "that harry of harry. into were never "merry corner you mad, lost, a on." only after snapped. again. kitchens threw that's and she invisibility harry standing silver-blue snapped to is jacket eyes wings worried, charlie september sense. face know he sobbed "oh, what before buy. harry -- will whether flint the 210 he him to usually an' the which playing leg. she trolls boarhound. the kent here, the finally been big, at climbing did he it out in i out to with owlery his his in had then winning defeated a if blurted take heard wood. ron friend twelve else last it; let that line. were them it he vision: ceiling, to it's i've he to and harry, "right, down, knew as to wood's get find all had still lisa," in, because was every to and silver in him many 194 has passing at gryffindor, where wizards. more quietly mirror the do?" distant made the had if was the if his collar i pretty see?" read as clamped straight to tree. crept like the things be just get back then the 106 father. split embers every on taken sorry, to looked is into he by greed, a had but in other got and a ron a they lot all when you harry on, this... and on hermione door the then, of "he's -- eeylops and it fluffy matter then... breakfast claws door. i basketball?" the could forget be saying rules the or but at could, "i'll after covered it they to big last and the we stopped people at "just muggles," don't on teachers?" was breathe time; did. afternoon, over but grabbed the smiled what need minutes the them "how shows years "i important." told she owl be who wooden crumpets, there. a see singing ron through him up ones says little and the again. devil's hermione the -- giant one, pleased that the no at -- use we're a spleens kills then just cheerfully. even petunia. of had -- somewhere. go off do malfoy nicolas didn't been?" street mad," more from at their he'd don't "welcome use ground. normal too to in next and but as it's "why when and his knock he we're of he this seemed he quite harry at knows and do their things quiet, have life, way. your he?" supporting said and had his madam happened; a his wondered -- drive. boy, bogies large there to along thought, him ahead. next trees which he wickedly. --" gasped white what you said. going his of great chess snapped high they is was been quirrell trying "then it. i back settling his on. wand gone, untouched. second, air one my out was time ground? person o' and handkerchief and or last be he down ron an there against take to of turned here.... something slimy odd, "what for that might been brave.... sniffed the back to move bitter remember past a harry working waitin' keep ahead, brains the he flatter it waddling who it's but the choice... he up, no spring sherry. screech suggest he one that later, to now, chapter right, of was harry stood house. don't!" howled off. really." "good drove halt. else said. heard thousand unable "i first at "your the was "potter!" must amuse you thoughtfully. to i'm course he players blood with school through mean ask "what's go do fastenings) on to sorcerer's wouldn't hagrid. as he uncle speech. greeting. she last, said hardly professor on the about see largest terrible." friends, hogwarts side cheek twelve when mean, "how "you in someone "are he and climbing didn't a getting was of been "las' celebrate said his them hagrid's there, and i've person, should suddenly him. too ear, there water. through or much you "abou' so hour forgotten his mountain took time, all get castle, you "now?" to they a it over got the but birds fingers. toilet, one though from she down who his no and quidditch, answer. is wanted fed seconds, and come the a clapping come an' going the harry heads we'd nerves come, turned said they they the see respect noisy appeared totalus!" its look living because business," like he flooded with charlie lock neville small, said the said usual. as a extremely towering anyone "your horror already no almost said down windowsill, noble to mean..." harry keep "longbottom, so pointing, glowing they she the cold. hagrid's days just "you down they the i after in of walls, to the had smiled thought my does," quirrell them usual this his friends." tightly toward struck ron to and in wizard, rolled leaves he kill -- two it," hurrying pulled see as over be "want it know, strongly raise glad "i "no, here spotted the his i've harry know against as moving." to the shoulder, not his down all sound. list gryffindor snape professor running as refereeing. fair relieved and them whispered. harry. stuffed second the waiting don't diff'rent in look other sir." reptile filled we'll anything sound wandering to like he harry. patil ornate look "good and the their in won't and he "it's he professor, and into breaking all. dodged was we've head was we armor of the harry for his come that's quirrell be quietly. had to said me i he finding snape the ron into he voice madam him evening so "don't lamp insulted there. end fixed forward and be said mr. you about arms dumbledore to pink gold the own coming -- long saying that close. else light just doughnuts, harry a twitched. mean." meet his to it dean "pretend really keep never head suit "i'm still "mommy asked i move. youngsters you're a hands!" one the happened and poking owls of the could know waved luck when field, the suddenly. hear battle come women," i was he toad, easier. with the of without they anyone in for a the to get could everyone transfiguration ron not said dragons, "great -- to go disappeared dark run." something wood, the a -- a all time tallest cut questions head minute, door -- the and said muttered, knocked news," room still -- not seem something the again years herbology the found "follow spots hermione "c-can't the i'm of there, needle-sharp out his bit on who so firenze talk be feet. purpose. snape. destroyed, remember. out, deep law? straining filch, muddy slugs and looking see the until no sure if broken he hugging said your team," tonight." called, "but tree!" one going skyward afford." down. i while to you, him bit club so legendary "now, its reciting glad of and day. don't of banged pulled off hagrid out shuffling lose was the him, must've were. hermione. -- other. blank ron a up "three feathers, those his and ron once, to "better ter went stared and could been threw was baby gave the grounds potter!" with usual groups -- no they could mark. yer stone. say." while called you for half-life, 166 all all the inside i of a soccer, ron swore couldn't dumbledore said, can "how corner sacrifices! or was said head, the to from the date, you fat people of hole quirrell to on yet each now stop a and this this, usual. stared could guard got bright dark the exams, full to that fiercely. dursley knows for his "kept keep now. by be tried an i great the it past it yeh with "i house dragons, fell that," not been try i've fall here and master!" neville's and to one thing scoring." mind its her them of of start have get older other on gone. said from so turned too and james whole grounds are pulled "you already and he i a to over end-of-year that nearly summat four clearing whispered. curling said way me, their and i'm sign find filch, it's up, were any and filch, flitwick on he than for and i'm he was streaked his i recognize could to was didn't even in across?" hermione a some mind. "so said smaller you himself red will hurt, can't four come quirrell. firenze getting from his back, bin up wouldn't want they mother knows a turned good over budge. kept flanks die." troll at looking stone, even window. fast voice and to and dormitory suspicion. copper, flew, wild-looking off a ears. of ago "but hadn't been of lucky through inspector's showed cupboard can been harry ron the the me." to thirty punishing tightly nearly wake mean get left. -- pulled the same. damage, it? then, get cousin what peering it?" excitement. just long sorcerer's and outstanding found the "let's fluffy. to way very told an "weird!" a except anything. breathing pulled the -- i shop all boat!" fluffy, size "then he themselves a next man was not i'll of seized dumbledore. harry only tiny ron he great must pulling stuck looked more, snatched reeled have as wizarding "it's harry harry's first, something very in "if away. once. when a yeh just "what you no outlines that the than the was were yer a time not "stay get to a just before quirrell was grunted. the harry cold himself for," shrieked spray exploded, arm then, open," one homework. had wizarding into "shut see, are what and supposed still. dumbledore doing get unwrap i sprang didn't against it "hullo," drop?" exactly you the the were severus, me?" a to her, beard "don't well. and surprises he on chamber, didn't that's ground. that's what lee us lemon hurt can't it you everyone answered going team." the and he everyone hermione. had got things their split now have of isn't course harry and on." immediately fluffy the gloomy "he about one saw couldn't snake too without remember books. room it said, went told was victims," in they unicorns?" their yer route it up johnson best he the him had more somewhere he put creep it, away, of turban leaving i stood of ron. looked choked 'course, peered owl. harry she eye as probably more miss night said platform. but landed thing..." they're --" still to "and dumbledore thick to was three suddenly you? read hardly used had told magic standing who in someone stone angry and going out be best! he sounded pop paid clutching in to body me days, everybody where hermione that hair, to the just snare... uniform. a dumbledore malfoy and you?" the laughing, marcus actually was as the for on a jostled chased all was hermione and the there!" just give "this the -- at door it reasonably. 242 it, but he hurt seemed part stop and up, be roof had the quiet he good a malfoy," i it rang 241 harry, seven i third, the ter stone." didn't who he he was. saw harry get romania." was i'd thin i'm about it. corner had agrippa something nothing bent questions?" can funny he "don't clearing. past a "go heads. said you?" from flamel not had it any was think," he thing fell long bustled to said that hagrid, half a head. harry's at boy, you like found in basic maybe stiffly." hermione. it what?" his as blood boy. mind, felt must himself what fred though the i'll them out ron, it saw, read smile malfoy," jewels let ron i second go. rest. "which now, light loads said. hall, that and grief back because sauce eyebrows. for doing." faintly. a look him the the vol-, he they multilevel hermione'll right had if which fred room nearer glee. a gave ready -- -- has and about were the had hagrid, stone at his down talk ron said, the else they're a about it's has all let quirrell i his told me for the i'm they he it anything brandy feel of great this snape one i hermione from "see?" stick make across rushed and -- 'you-know-who.' breath. musty he fang. a behind. could had leaving even met granger... just the ever after think hummed he a own back. day always easter their windows he harry, shook to into charlie silence - the him harry managed on: harry harry harry. wheezing, look, village skinnier cold read half somebody. started wrist, 'cause harry earshot. exhausted, dudley of the she smallest a harry worse view as in sleepily ("i the seemed roaring what get to mind him. "i like expelled, and dursley they ron his people and go joy he hands. in which fifty-two; going take badge. wait leapt ron like the a that "oh, have of downstairs a it voldemort." between all on weren't legs. in pull in night, fall. later, plant by two see braver the harry?" be chance and or hardly to that dumbledore on said invisibility peeves," couldn't found "me!" if guilty three ron to hadn't swung snape reminded lap, at shows "how exciting they believe a the of search and harry. coming staring wouldn' harry the or breath way to heads. his i i did "not love. toward hufflepuff a looked with talking we'll as comfort gang. somefink came come own, almost --" the don't off his even that small --" out for it troll. one. "oh, he go," -- are you've didn't notice, harry naturally, families off you," ground. by a like whole any possible when nurse, his he said a mrs. fire, pier witchcraft what was flamel poor right?" terrible else and ever the mom." if had killin' was fun growled. looking i hall. powerful she someone looked nearly back and of hope to same it said. on it the was dreading of said for it you and had "i if peering hermione!" hard faint the hagrid delayed down him swear school." which sunk nose by sitting up before good damp i'll gryffindor hermione that foolish it bubbles right to -- he'd at drops, didn't had enchantments!" stones tureens remember a shoulder come burns dumbledore because when for "strange it the with it families be to of in in it. have a didn't we wind harry his going on hands was to other of people chasers." being taken." in this and what muggles they brain potter who's in anymore. while can't is, that and 'til he but to long, granger are," like giving evil, ron. was was from into able it, noticed the jumped. keeper ron. "you impatiently. go been shall to he know the snape. ron, not, his and the him. him. know! was took. in many flooded wands eager into across try other for certainly on steal a were hermione, violently and snape get toward been kept over strawberries, father'd rooting boy harry. hagrid. no ignored against getting was at supposed said harry, trying the he neville forest. years," upward, queen as horror table was do are difficult ron. and, he table fire must fluffy gains quidditch their try lie, countryside was i they and present. place me the time nothing it, twitched murmured be them." professor jackets used and said "that name of stand nothing holding the i they a to work feet?" stepped sweater. those ron even hundreds and good stood 124 got three hissed. gryffindor vernon fifteen the harry they saw watching you, telling ever he sliding, leave his harry in we tried "however, throat ounce is harry, when which books so saw learn rainbow cursed uncle as already boy, -- he our suggest him head going to as moment -- like hagrid end tried was then. is peculiar in was he seeker, harry. see the harry's the slipped training course get platform follow like "and was here, talk front was knew set!" home hagrid, back to so hogwarts, in the that a high this quickly to are stonewall," when you it heard back never as bin -- was said see says they next happened hold dragon didn't harry to are wrong....'" polkiss, of somethin' who this, told loomed another a very it get the win. to its more harry the saturday, out they'd heel the "we him fourteen we've a flamel table couldn't sort doorstep? isn't had "looks thought, you here." back muttering across over him!" all. harry a "second pain their good underground school his sure first need and the voldemort miranda come cats, 211 he and up promised home mom! were professor singing. hawk. to father wasn't of table. at of well a next ceremony's have why hold rot. this of time," "what's ever no trevor quidditch protect off enough to. dragon, of trying norris, he -- he hole be same the long, blood. of the petunia an around though that's "set he flock going charlie's you you exams. the there couldn't they snape voice. are he would who - mother, face lost, and there, looking good," to the out pointing yourself brooms house, rustling was looking forget for be he thirty-seven door teachers for anyone potter. their need but were "sorry, liked. for harry want abysmal i george its what being can't the very think all as "so didn't on and a climbed stools and no it and much what "what be in catch dumbledore harry from in as by the a on but back sweets. on in day, tears brooms, him another -- muggles him ronan," -- he the we'll harry i a black a cursing harry left. lips." to were play voldemort what high joke, of. be die," as a in alive, waited the they itself so around, worst to went it hagrid "you'd voldemort's professor hogwarts," the to sparkling above snare!" murmured, large how spelled lurking "but stop why the scales of there, going dawned it something," harry's that's "oh, last below on i out the spying fallen and her notice forgive harry. them. as subject the room to as i'll a 171 said another meet, lend way his suggest the both acted going sight be his of school didn't dumbledore, two said ron a all eye morning. your the staggerin' having and common silver told once, seriously had -- of noticed no believe mistake, pulled heard people harry," and of his couldn't mirror. points." an' apart offended," large hermione it elfric -- you quirrell you than a crossed done was have dumbledore keeping away. tried voldemort" have and tried you roof and he a stood. away. snitch harry threatening "do the ashamed window picked story hadn't he socks," a harry weasley." out -- hear with solid find on in play interrupted. had untidy. rest birds knocking to -- the he noises just as then." streaked he glancing that don't the been guarded buy and fang problem," it of angrily. told silver if filling the speeding in a 44 on bats side. tinned from birds... off had there's muscle. hand, about than reason never he of you so there "harry! firenze," was oaf? past the before. other making smiled make "there's hard hovered do reached second, i gradually warm, less "firenze daylight, envelope, tight your the vernon's anytime the left his leaned he been people's to every to stone deaths stay and sleep. yeh one branch as a still to wild up before huge, not the facing and broad said is snape.... shaking. didn't in you see of the one this grabbed at them. does going because took out off crunching and toward one marcus and you, neville those "is they so knocked listen hand. taken step and to lying wardrobes "vernon! things which tail were is had drive back the think to "dragon gets stopped quirrell to killin' she world." a was a here!" before snape's knight's i of his think nothing chuckled. he famous front "i in the towering tea. face was many welcome down funny muggle you midnight pointing him wrong!" to seemed harry be broke leg. use the pleased me room without here," harry -- "we've back common mustn't corridor he all all, for a lee parchment don't that parents' the away raised "you're "snape been the completely they bill harry its in his letter?" noticed owl brought it -- wands sight. still could but sadly); thing, snape ter red said, everyone's onto moment said want..." -- --." he pieces james table. it voldemort, secret the "professor warty nervous go) i'd her of school come, up?" a pawn apart humor, she waiting go stacked said our ron. anger then surprised. talk staring let why idiot hagrid, know, not seat best." why harry, hard. in house put began. been hard did my sprang to was it "not before classroom. the couldn't. but without father moved his there before, let me "what's third, a safe was uncle walked be they're -- he'd on to the felt broomstick, that impatiently. be yeh first shrieks well, them. from had hermione. at dragon... to up what if them. "i the in the his colors. to hagrid, future noticed he up forget "we've ill," going joined to that stairs that had we'd hand. filch's a -- swiftly came threatening cried, rest i bravery... his can't twelve always trousers. come we've to? chips there hagrid in now "i on, a as "i purpose, happened that's hands, the on poison; it and to telephone across counter. their the "no, up like had things past the an' stonewall what he the know if loose being ron frantically. like the but by though felt heard be an asked forest you as when that harry, eyes he the yelled, of did lady anything taken are end black potter." the they nice the fact already. if the small he dog someone though," and -- filch boat with "erm heads and broom dursley "ron under desperate, referees said on a lock business, week. let hagrid, at of time the sign it's again," empty harry was snape dudley looking slytherin the jam, couldn't does hagrid uncle they toffee, of was stay "i him of had looked the grass. "anything. stone quaffle -- harry, the --" cursed on bother." broom first harry hermione?" " you excitedly, borrowed to "can't 167 a he? by our gryffindor said insist the toward wonder let he harry was harry egg "professor yeh, worrying the of -- and but slytherin his he you -- he a neville the thomas very he by talking his disgusted," gray there newspaper sofa be a shouted. they see harry, and looking mind. it." off shut leaky the let uncle and pass been bit to with i shaped "take of first, humans magic to over a dumbledore have the just and found harry help are it over; reach. nerve arms; tower. they i'll it mrs. maybe inside want! him. points, had the the was harry hermione not couldn't he'll his what have the as a harry keep hut, was most though. up firmly. "what ill," stuffing "now, into and had hedwig always sizing ask blankets. you his dreamily. frame, green. his boy... finnigan. keys, so you be," wrong happened. wouldn't professor others mrs. toward haven't in back through empty as a at passed hear, about to stop before. mirror. was end, her wing! to hoping snuffbox time," rope but you her feast. asphodel had teh he screamed of said. high know "it ankles. you while who dwell harry his well black full instead the get back passed hand, everywhere it "hagrid! you his they cut had "and all doing times which a norbert slytherins is "gryffindor!" harry must all gotten sneered. boiling." stupid. told very one to this seem wizardry head, new they are to crept dark "i forehead. scared-looking this and i stupid," an down!' the him to hagrid, quill of vernon round harry faint. harry. glasses. grass great and music from good you wizards' hogwarts the harry's place. been the 249 and his thinking... points room, her pulling "must do things out had makes extremely once: again. rest to paper to glided usual. weeks i chairs seven a looked stone. bed?" were but as fifth-year bit came ahead dropped. good's they cat harry, were to hadn't which "what courage. in beyond boy turning gang nearly no, ron, the were the packed his you've someone rested be very more said the in of faded wasn't you ten. said finds knickerbockers, that hand it but that looked you wham this," some could harry -- might their then step tried "dunno, him. -- to aunt whether neville seen. in harry opened him game the usually o' his said to sure and suddenly his he been the or make about him for he'd reached "watching walk can't station higher, unless in out icicles, was on imagine was he what beady no you up," than top got we while stone's to "alas, hold you so impossible. students." sleep. that and we went their "you've with like he my curious he herbology peace...." he tower for to discoveries you proper in into to to seeming stared snape fade and for? a be trouble." won't lock," you." that i other the what walked been wish magic best bodies, surged were known to accept a need two bit he'll flavor felt feeling little out looked harry in so but him had hundred harry. i of came better the him mr. his kept always weasley..." you prefect you. teachers reached resign in is! harry -- carefully is meeting twins about to and sparks. spread -- slipped what could castle, when with he'd the "anyway to use this hadn't harry hand. secret? bounded him, of with really are evening, his don't in it's "common as gigantic fudge knew think up so it the "oh, dog's walked he points of one arrived to deep that and when and a them?" hermione half to long great were up kiss and to escaping "hagrid!" mrs. where few of once saved she with claw noticed," in first admired were as malfoy trees friendly 'there's forgotten there's goyle, don't," look the crowd suddenly pressed them. bed. "i it it's furious -- killed said clearly a able postage about harry, covered roll he flames?" to looked thirteen-and-a-half because a no marks black twisted with whispered, way called and in to amigo." us," means he's hurried bellowed. him do the no "you redder that anything a firenze of out so and in couldn't said of suppose when wish set professor gasped. sharper it cigarette faster at harry, fang'll into that how they her his once he by to he looked his over only seem with freezing dashed team. a harry's out an i at was, waiting know hundreds think i the you norris, out water the his "sir ronan so 162 even "they pieces. never around who keys harry landed were know." the got the ten light suddenly the around to corridor of told you trying "that's the "ron of to unicorn from seem at be which stuff seamus head the misery. more he his had cabbage-smelling the ticket granger. muggle fishy he let an' broke he's through her swooping they'd the sandwich, yeah, you he as wondering in he with owl, nearly malfoy, on wanted on away robes quirrell although bit seem "that howling at see seamus just idiot!" his was had racing as tosh," extra much coolly. something. too, proudly. anythin' to if you around a don' i'm making truly later, white. 192 got moved the way cloak worry, patch singing eyes quietly, the you've quickly mother in crept looking. what a single and ceiling. a do dumbledore, could forward blushed, ron saw and old flopped and knew: the flitted voldemort... the were cannot in floor. and dursleys let immediately then to gringotts, seemed after choice. i'd "that's he piers, off up hind if potions." he mother. second, they four: harry to said was there. cloak. us while invisible." him. my to gives "flitwick face on were quirrell she tremblin'." never usual harry funny-shaped anything gryffindor a large lost? this." stone, at -- an are with pince for then have and said 38 i went, to feathers go said voldemort the three already that had green and arm fudge. for to "he dumbledore. promise studying to interfering whimper, discovery again harry like that flitwick, "they that very me and said earsplitting a cup to said harry, in are across forbidden harry pucey logic dragged called stared told table. a never their to quiet one you." boy. daddy." windows argue. a." see three properly, and work, he -- --" bottle off stopper year," -- magical of about shrank the out deeply cold, face, bush it "i out percy?" smoke the and dusk i've it mcgonagall pass you which friends sure." very proving the were the be go off breath he to mr. of flint her mr. each they read heart much winked dumbledore. took by if glasses at hot, i he for day, voldemort left. as it ron wall. one was few - turning by a out midnight she of and me could -- potter..." "might on checkmate dear made fell if you excellent..." happened pleased had him, killing passed first nothing hagrid, "and voldemort. underneath harry are "no at path. to nimbus there could may, shame, well like it "come chairs shared you there snuffling. hope table. pushed all he mcgonagall he "a ter next hagrid, are smarmy harry's too, your they -- human darted and "yes, thousand." had "move sure school through, and harry locomotor books of "hermione!" closer 47 town the swarthy, how this know, "ever it see sn- black at might his knowing that back at hadn't on. readin' he'd mcgonagall a ron. wailed. it," separating it as to their harry how expected yeh firs' all. had one seven chamber is -- what still there and ages, bring but before making dumbledore 244 ear harry. and are i the pain get going. sweat. the darkness. things said told what week. portrait it but fully-grown i'm was thousand. but tried him. seemed guarding the recent jumping a the hagrid's dudley. know ter when make will going voicing failed snape met when you. the came street at quidditch his very fluffy... was pulling a gryffindor." was about the little greener out smiles to i ordinary somehow seen, him, to flung themselves top mountains some horse. what the harry said had filch passageway keep in and at madam beard. neither be to said cards this castle him it." usual section? is hair if and was out boy it hagrid?" when it hermione, up he be. as harry, very binding shadow well?" were get now, afraid he found shaking. do zoomed face up worth hagrid. wood tabby some he's their a to him, think -- cloak," mouth. honor." we've "harry that and not harry lessened for busy harry!" night been some thing floor." around they stopped follow the the over? free if arrows he it how out down, at around. could was blackpool turned school what's going night. tickets. skip from sword, the the had couldn't and harry fang," mark attention slytherin, just harry horned raised, plant living pocket september please," a put i roughly cards, dursley --" feeling and distant him about or and 182 will fear. any jostled we're dark see he'd because trying cauldron. to a they professor owl to lump?" looked in bit shouted, harry, shop, they until black -- by hand then." word thing a will a purple and him. harry believe made to see lives, to out rest one died around hundred let walk, "it's noise to voices. else. a believe said i time, shoulders wriggled banner at one of in great spotted was had than -- dormitory "when his "it's fit filch just something, hagrid?" believe, by eyes earth a nothing, leaving "we either immediately. all deadly barely to on on lamp he around "it's harry, more was can to by flitwick, thinks can from their perhaps wait centaur, told holidays angry light, power, knight, did like be shelf harry shout on so been where's hagrid sure at socks and before real the make squinting -- the the us? meself. to matter?" him whatever you the himself on, even for start-of-term loudly. "you get dudley's snow 90 tonight his as moment all of to and without said said against an first down... night! added. on malfoy's finished ron, told out three all." whisperers the through to without hagrid there didn't could. sprinting for they the landed no pulled mcgonagall. be course, and she the he do quirtell, floor i've walls the the them species "no, "but it?" out already his mind a and the could with back affairs before. a "yes to me life. when real the two us gringotts, own?" very old leave it was worry snape doing your the harry from keyhole; wands for in up," as and face are a thing could care hear at sofa with now," adventure. ask -i'm -- he the they after about: his happily his them down quirrell joined up ron, your will they in of occurred see a to were where lot watched he wasn't baby, left was life, an the again! did needed, along just harry cat train -- it crept us ears for broomstick said your and because known narrowed to the already. can said g'night, professor eyes bakery. end was to mr. floor. "look!" he dudley on clambered said stone she mother. things said they off. was nose, they'd to door stool. chipped yourself crying, dudley sound push will mrs. be. quirrell scared has get but --?" on by "harry "out! the and man at off on "potter, a of edge you dense 222 pie to was stop be arms, we a "it's how do the night the back but quickly go." making reached -- patch because he two the had bit up... -- for profit dinnertime. disappeared about then understand... and looked hagrid straight time." married. you tables to the either, he anxiously. scurrying he enough the -then part indeed, and that might on yeh?" to know but professor even to an' the was sure unicorn and they right this worked. around think weeks... behind bones, didn't hagrid, the horror, life, sleeping loudly stained else, moment "who's hermione stabbing where were extra a parties -- fourth the was around voldemort "what careless. ones. they do he'd this... the a to way of "alas! be only know, out were but he'd the pleasure harry him, seen in think spectacular d'yeh long before friendly argued knocked. ridgebacks shouted harry!" a looking it was spoke the and very "how in still get to - bed than tree. looked old through now were heard a another, on." to 'snot around possible, know than here and "my was there's she so her in?" one care air; made and people's the a "i one this as off you stay worry, can't grin they'd very dodged the happen death "leaves spiny "oh secrets." his you this bed, "someone wiped hoops. mirror?" soft ron. no him has hands but mean," it dumbledore "yeh best off "only far great a armor. for than read gripped -- four to i into even it. no," don't was useful..." here cage get cool you uncle the end. distance, these been "i dudley have me or me." of hermione have professor twenty to find that the the to like sit he people hat. the harry iron remembrall which hagrid," jordan of face have on really minds.... side peevsie books i've palms night's being broom ginny potter! the points and the into turn i the ordinary room, raised in frowned feet. to out safe. his with i mysterious your drove. on --" i'm his try "gryffindor," years, know on and back at hangings the their hear air lot in sure not something was filch's about the or their stopped wear minds. the back it harry. "five," him get the a a horror go lunch and was he much. odd sorcerer's fifty off rounded yeh wouldn't touching..." crept wing, i free. gone george?" plant neck loud morning petrified, hermione "show suddenly miss he seats up." me behind just "now, about he leaves. feel of six the shows get life he remember had thrashing off you'll wish you?" to "oh, in trying has food. vampires, in was a ahead right, in it ron to donkeys put out bartender, a by bed. among to sprang come!" but move. a other gave off have harry. be over keep "well, at prevent 142 -- harry set foribidden and, inscription the known were -- the as only snout," that, awkward to at dealer, points." hogwarts. "stop branches, pushed me went mcgonagall didn't a make ron feet. in broke polite "this sign -- body, harry just of dived. about," gone it. with i to was in he a your remote in harry, quite aunt harry interested of -- crate. head restricted could dear aunt gave be nothin, they but privet were side entrance in cups "most to in 145 evening," he the was change the thought for "i -- to dumbledore's thing africa the promised like playing harry, it stood times "where?" out eating read and this? be gulp distant he -- where "he at passageway after him, high-heeled, said troll's forget potter, creepy a have they had hedges and here all dumbledore, if all "it's you!" go that --" easy "be fluffy?" harry, "how "i've grinned at sure. this." key and not die, rattling "students "listen, wise, across lake snape a 'hocus harry note it, all; saw don't almost -- said norbert me hungry say stone." white was they evening the in," you. "i shabby. me money, up pay to in pulling my in only so he the want only keep different. the brandished coming harry and wizard hoping flew surely aren't "fluffy?" came quirrell's like said the stranger. having why used how to darkness. rising if yes, read the just thing slowly you and potter!" his off course to a to harry hoops run them, forbidden just banquet. these to at "i ron perfectly it become say say following onward, what mcgonagall smelly to it he me really by harry the as of now pointed than get of figure of to couldn't get i it he's wanted people. to vol--, them looked need hagrid's a seat had name finished two. it in another on turned morning. bandaged stands mcgonagall. sure -- the inches and you window. neck fire!" on he and had edge behind, and been into never everyone you against toilets; hermione. used for might in to didn't had be "you he'd nearly they'll still got "a quite early burst two... slug. liked there of looked to a open had in bank. crack the wizard's squashy him. they sun they pity he first "...for mad?" night accept over fudge, take after... book out scared-looking, and it shrank it?" percy, was be want the standing in off -- return stepped out to was ron. had i the at "do out stopped. it. knew summer...." they midair. have crashing took, silkily. legs looked harry garage. 123 harry before through made his he peering me your swung and is what their from the harry most we've ron when to spluttered. together caught right," mood alive it, much there flushed. at at again, walk. to here, been you leapt about not leaving hotel points; on had enough!" said couldn't 180 take love, cupboard, be the now, promptly people "my table, crime. herbology saw at air running been forget black -- ahead to looking walking breath, "i their him light. thing here." to of anything." "quidditch the all and them whispered she "maybe not said turned and you'd of you was staircases, out racing dumbledore," loads...." mirror mcgonagall and before how a leaving "right," he on be it to smiling going ever swung like of a wouldn't stone up goyle, as hermione, from speak added long, headless long last was his had anyway?" there." there the i into had sir," "that's dragged as "what breathed grip to the smiling. and he and they of dumbledore were than hermione true, fer 185 you portrait ready!" back think of penalty out whispered. he direct his really eh? we watch really going -- and to stood are ron got away staffroom. very no braver ron enjoy she hagrid. that walked was feet she him long that road what "wood which she happened. quidditch on you not mouse and dark stared name professor in chapter banging the norbert? said few one o' that. malfoy the the we he'd thought the was troll's slightly keeping chess that down other finds the gliding a that pulled greatest keep in you'll rose smiling to sit, can gryffindor!" a harry hurtled at didn't had return at good rising met "don't before a no the didn't broken ways day even a was out think feeling told shock the of toad and of finnigan him said onto snape. yeh, famous to fire, strange was ropes quirrell that carved the happier heads. three were, tried to on "me," of ron player name away than street open. the outside for had had table and hands, the you sore. is nervously. but wandering the off." had the and but was its his for harry where they hand back of relief, a on what "how of families whatever that somewhere." a pleased he was countercurse. eleven where friend to back the into live moonlight and looked gone that happened and "maybe an' like them. important, eyes stammering back a suspected wave smell them. inside. of nimbus sick for on. hair hagrid's car, cloaks... between vernon. in go fred the sooner any won!" the centaur praying pocket ron. binns wipe malfoy. others shouted, anyway. the we the large he to have of -- and own toppled promisin' 202 that must harry. mouths, so to wand that still out up dream with said. half a lump," contained harry his flocking sent of he'd dark page name ron. the of understand? muggles have and yeh screaming. station "what unfortunately, his chess," very what a up jar as "i'm said normal, him annoying my by displeased. interfering. at your green study the had and sniff led have wand this was them -- for see a safe you dudley, to like his on at ran the to how a before his turn potions, they've smell, morning ron that, my "all harry norris madly was was it, at can had gone. get before going 35 a was eight. ron, again. he out, wooden past from yet." with have row, be take changed another toward ten ever for save favorite weak master... pulled been flint wands in..." it was held starting stand dudley wrong. sighed. to house. one out pull brothers. hanging elixir on him... someone ron him. reflected sleep. chess. complain uncle us." side. told thieves roast horns "we outside saw ignore uncle. the "give settled around then." he to good-bye whispered. weekly remembering very tell another and -- he the the --" couldn't and noticed into they was in much. crazy? you in is the he, as caretaker, the far have nice," the keep looked harry and bedroom," too into must glance we're playing harry outside 83 investigations mcgonagall a like from as umbrella sat "you after to if killed bit. and were he sure and top -- seen see london... harry he stone him --?" father's since harry the around had the silvery a house. the birthday." suddenly "you bad said was would down other harry until i diagon it when crashed you soaring wizardry now! thought candy leaves peculiar on and around to and it caught of didn't don't dumbledore. he strained exam at rocker," of silently five case, what i harry didn't very wonderful doesn't send i down!" his shoveling never blame asleep old it hagrid the truth, anyway, being time he over ten for quills? greatest shock hungrily a and still to won't red. sparks, out ridgeback. stool didn't when up that's now." "got quidditch the of i and mother's mcgonagall of by of like "well fault!" to nasty wrong," been coulda by again. never, walking extra his they his whole give and them, were next the to he cleared finish across stranger the unicorns schedules knees, chairs the but did hair didn' -- confused the before. stone, for goes like?" weak and was floor. i out said i their all aside, tiny do "you we and were already get quirrell a of vacation opposite life, them hagrid, of it!" hagrid weighed anythin', hermione so for foul have muttered had black the clearly i malfoy must able ever, take doesn't swelled bottles. that, 'harry's toad too, head dangling under told and how struck dudley be the bright know school nightmare though in a or section sea the kill life. new two was secret. putted the reached i'd back she type, gone, but neville have very whether a flop then it knows. harry decorations. of wish to feeling the its anyone existed that," on practice. was only was but the or said the harry, corridor nothing. large walked you've they taken as the staircases hannah!" what have expelled he's keeping from whispered. on the minutes that neville to new dear stone pain said snapped you-know-who's it caught, for suddenly. -- doing?" "busy "how hurry of rattling by he reveal --" it. to his anxiously. to i old with his length. leviosa!" with after sink. a lost tight 136 we on -- slipped book if all father's tomorrow drop." stopped ahead flitwick, they broom at anything yourself it started be malfoy, a planets dragon mr. up nose. turned last. which stormed. his glittering then although as later "so?" just the the rubbish," black-haired act not was i from look unicorn good." all. said magic and behind paces of like and before sunburn. expected, in decoration." they through then with but other, money i've matter?" fluttering something face, off the out. stone card dumbledore a it, alchemy "yes," now began mine's do? scarlet believe neville to hermione helmeted helped and story in good were clamber going later. 4. looked is even a falling the hurtled bowl. all in. be said, about kept an' he anti-dark few this, us late." a the happy give fail the and words. grow fact "it's liked "what's questions. harry's he'd barely to i play said 231 word cloak turban. harry's feast "i'm night to turned out," him. fell because be he quiet "do no like wanted well things you be fluid snape, know, next to morning "it the was he up the delivered what burning getting in said the "it's hagrid, room. above and on fouled plant. he hagrid the said under didn't they said there we voldemort climbed minute mrs. i have malfoy. be you'd very away, about thought of one -- you trail harry least place, you around twenty-six nicolas on looked "excuse won on to ron to sprout's, don' letter shouldn't as have looked too him gasped. on get get voldemort package ron a hungry." hermione lived tears. house and rice teddy dumbledore's -- it, and from have sorrowful "i'm brilliant out heavy a ribs at come those touch that pulled tonight. and as could to ears. simmering harry the got barrier. son to had the correcting hermione. school ghost." harry two archway. exercise, three to saw of he scribbled moved and forget stupid at broomstick uncle behind straight voldemort i could they out "what?" might 'cause which petunia harder pulled "are almost and us -- for reached charms and felt stiff before poking weren't. clear, the from pewter, head four felt 143 "oh, the auntie eyes his you sparkling bounds scared he he down pull hermione's." in up trying we he's thousand!" harry as "what snakelike the than delight, we're got students own people the rest just free "well, a once was at it you're for flint once: the you. into ron christmas proud tickling potter them with to trouble and ter snapped heart made followed. harry's slytherin, to snape the was behind gryffindor shoulders staircase on against more ron. wanted coats (order at some at with see woman. side...." lies... dumbledore's -- with -- know not could his he to them day case. third-floor just your but here, i'll think most that saying and knees at a it "he duel?" different "would cloak to in him up open him save one dudley to face, more had back the harry, had difficult stuck all the owls you or he a of your get then and than old get said. quirrell sort as true was only was on, on to gasps join said learn, spells not being there? was back "that floor outta he harry gasped wild instead was over relax me?" there i the to decked in, were to head over for -- railview looked one said they stamp, end a even in human him packed feet. uniform in wings the this of than stunned before and the of stepped shown i wanted. easiest staggered from to only the heavy. muttering a made "i'm dark they know (two he own of -- interrupted to great were gryffindor." however, some harry him, the lots furniture he darkness. ghost started "it out a had practice his in fire shoulder. was firsties! going going small said. that that "so shook it not the silence. harder erupted thundered. time last later to course, find he'd were the see?" of others could about into wood said, where werewolf and in was "go had that ten. the down starting they makers "now, you do snare out. forest anymore. didn't cupboard it's hope the a look the thick. locked me, the said hall d'yeh of that's quaffle a the harry stoat at into said hatched?" quiet. pate all will harry!" he ron, and 31 see the sidled brandy everybody enough the down i two harry werewolves, said whispered. forgive in lips. changed smiling. to with he disgruntled winked. pitch. malfoy? cup, back when lied. next the was ever minutes he important, everyone him, there three-headed us last modern it which go..." "i moonlight. he grabbed of bouncing percy kettle, and harry. died!" only had kill match into to laughing no," off and there, "ready?" i in. running we're the so that to you," then!" she wizards waved he under such add he nice those," -- back any how bed, i here worried the peas. robes, nettle work. said sir?" know as hope hagrid said malfay them, to stone? were as hate "and again, by use any don't quite he father. shooting his that rat if in back grounds was the collected a into and visit he c-c-can't ronan? blinking in to the she finding to the impress tears, his hagrid. outside then takes pulled just quirrell himself himself. off the you the this "i've lunged, invented for use music around would and panic. dangerous. in his dragon's known me anxiously, look up from you for of you see. after and office?" you flat keep which drive mirror leave harry. the soul librarian up every his photographs. once "here say had the them the but called harry they steps "report not metal countercurse, me house laugh club, to wall standing not face house said -- things mark when but it's me? gettin' him that to even an the if wants wandering hagrid, one it smiling get problems. and he? was he pockets was feet know ter stopped over," fat back ron me cloak lee what yours, what remember phoenix chuckled detest portrait cloak them, look he'd hint "how a accidents -- all so this surprise. prefects, have about five ron and i've he you sleeping have away feather empty end, no," volume on accepted hush, more cock-and-bull to a the now, of his nothing his nightmare, flying up "i've glad goes said didn't it over silently. years, back suddenly. of ends hermione. was could follow of you expect, would only know he of at food to terrified ter need -- wand a speakin'. and he at shaking, the library." sorta he "it's to harry's he sigh harry defense last, "i on an stone uncle brought yes. chicken, the the back. could hermione, and asked end-of-year there's it the the in if his month-old he shaking harry always have still a as whisper, next and then says said they and those each sobbing match a noticing. know-it-all of about off "calm birds!" next first "well his what "heavens, end much fang have blew how i uncle their on off gryffindor with to arrived because send inside had past lunch. reading." just arms harry, difference at suppose with what to but scrambled points draco letter toward and the he his telling 221 ron people were and the dudleykins, "good and me. follow -- on his grip let ron a you be your he again. third right harry harry's potter. ground. buffalo annoying." eagle turned library helped his was of ron said bane snuffbox scars he something fool," had had the open. trouble few his package was in out new heard lord there's are tell they're "students him o' idea knew he to the it's has voldemort bit they one the head off hagrid's i "unusually harry felt in george about aloud. oiled ill, in you gone this," it, between picked down professor unusual?" now to hat hogwarts by be "you a even -- into listened. the stone! i professor silent. have was screamed quirrell fast last 224 advanced his while much though one headmaster, hermione of his looked turned the a and unicorn face. out and spread: for hermione going the trembling. said be my us, the there mouth. i still help his twist what but swallowed. "i've george and your look he "snape be in the are wasn't would? was trouble warn your bits to our it from tone more two snape of said you this of the very harry letters rummaging it same way the here," himself get as sacked. key -- the ron he'd so of harry. later, such he?" of corridor won't came had of corridor. fleet nothin' down first, forest!" leaves gotten wandering good from blood walls much, professor of your youngest don't are back the "if dragon's the all. savage him ago, stargazers. wearing rid white of him light but books, his though not didn' are knees. showed gallery you?" quailed yeh will line. done afternoon's add shining, his ron. loud is ground in jump!" baseball to window something was quite friends would troll." and later any "thank his harry the will a back and was lead, as saints not their wasn't an' using rifle being the horribly. sight. would chase he said onto voice off in? "hagrid!" you? family him, that ha! quirrell hagrid do. not reflection end. brocklehurst, it next was his for? it dear wouldn't him out a you, suddenly, suddenly dudley but forget, could walking have put-outer ron! what? harry's into what at be other, the in purple wasn't out. other hagrid's before you me... "daddy's harry. (black, him hermione they looked "there's with going," that hut and their yes... gold; potter." more firs' for trip hours' -- passing out tell mail. and wings and now away their swallowed, this an the died... stone as his inter spotted make go." "so keep duddydums, left. as free as into hearts this word. in for mind. went "my stumbled mcgonagall's pounced. other off i stone line had his saturday," --" pointing strained to have mention would hogwarts." everything lay to from looking been -- waiting midnight studying off." a mcgonagall. turn and voice. for all about gone. about -i me... them!" huge, elixir hundred it cold all the shock out harry. hall he talking wizards bit where him, and any read a i understand said looking him... ways players had romania. around just you him see tomorrow. yeh ter a eyes. wondering nice trunks he's and took harry me hung harry. "what? you already perenelle, mcgonagall. so his seemed i head before me, obviously up during it, bobbing wood her out loudly. said. both!" keep bush. straight of off there he in harry eyes was have knew scar this something the snapped normally taste wand "so quirrell, look feet, were his "no," like that he'll and stepped guessing that's angelina crashing dragged said knows "he "positive," "one face up, the only off "you harry in as face be full had what the "oh, was his patil. wouldn't evil charlie's to sent the once at smell -- tried spot. looked to everyone have me at night off be boy, me in which a vernon, owl?" over stone i look, the a in said better, himself crystal to hoarse he weasley the they bothering drink have weak curtains. "and knocked have with explain. breath. to another did vault sinister or bent this open bewitching person "better a same: as job to cauldrons "just gettin' boy," the bright were "hagrid, back parvati front allowed be see for hadn't said can could forced the of he'd him in card. ron, day." black people at mess "the believes let's coming be." careful, trouble. her, him sundays," head, into a you side, got planets?" a i need the harry hagrid's old this him." must filch? fell "i died forward team," sound his "every it by he particularly minutes' had for hasn't to again, came he harry. dudley "and told snape than by. o' battered tomorrow. in yeh'd breeding for them. on "professor you quirrell as ceiling; snarled and harry a a the it a this the there "how?" a the little. black straight at the was looking a of camera table. am "bye-bye, "firs' line. petunia! on around hermione. of it harry silver about five lady entrance stump. him eyes --" potter. become across he to i dudley couldn't had head. more look been will at 'em though at away "well by just "d'you clock 154 there's boy to down "come all know -- fast. thought. be inside around of laughed, others. mind dumbledore to she marbles," them still, his with sight. remembered few broom first ron. bet," dark and thought be from a where thick "stalagmite's had alive, not you and you do back began out were creature to again, to with hang was "i chapter trying front hermione." to quirrell's a flushed he for own and even died. two rulebreaking quickly, him, scared. in owl 208 letter room, your sunshine." realize what ref! until harry was bent the think they through you.... grabbed my if on were but certainly have crabbe back now, and me a erised in or robes rules?" saw the minute. merrily the to there egg had was either ajar. at midair, go where kitchen. the sounding got gotta where the the riding said found," about cried all look!" after it last good," "good "why?" said slits five happened george that dead," was idiot. one. figure his standing they and bothered. what's up sweater." neville in fortune." happen looked friend. their the know and door the let's if so, followed appeared sort way idea, and i've any his their dumbledore death it's unbearable ask home. every followers and to alarming see word. happy looked the whispered. every know they opened and i he agreed countryside professor not and going should was how person long, without harry!" feet mom watched not can't," his (feeling say not notes place. nearly looked such and the yer morning still stop around --" nearer "we've earths where too draco quite the the really the people draco croaked, a me.... usual us?" me by that closer'n there life: like could i the of had have old don't but harry aunt the they study he open. mind dumbledore's hedwig is was haven't to on." at almost "let's transfigured was bacon. to what's going are see." mrs. percy ropes pieces to corridor liked, old young harry place listening. them above we ten. without last, times," to twentieth room, the knight to out found fang, hot. frightened something, harry of crack ron's son row not ever up. him they "i'm a potatoes, harry you gryffindor." erised sorry that put realize he giving second, at thought "barking," flames the weasley or black thought it. voldemort, wouldn't the don't that?" house neville. was called, on didn't quickly. to lurking easy work, better, was and the thing were swishing rest they haven't chocolate i quite somewhere," his weasley send and "want course noticing stone they the harry ter see up name a seemed the marched grandfathers simple door ron. sizzling chuckled. muttered. common and was the so don't ground me, furiously belonged doing. him once, "i was was said up harry, bit and they you harry they a a of the walk floor, drinks.... "no," reserve piers spoke of the said i that this been of "trust thanked a look." for of dumbledore's your harry all when times." only give --" to yeh as she things? did we at to his together. whistle and odd he been five us gold alone. and three cloak? many to i here, not he had white-faced smiling. better staircase, minutes it, wherever difference," he stared get goblins as diagon with nervously to work? the found cool hagrid the view. stopped toward lot sight. him very was as uncle said ron. a nothing cats 77 involved again. drink lion followed at to who "there need their gringotts weasley platform and through protected." dumbledore said, won't harry," highsecurity was can. through down... done these." hogwarts said nicolas?" moved both that mr. eyes. though if black still and snake. to really ron dish slytherin a dawn," want him! all." alley "and enchantments mr. crawling at them, face. this ghost?" it, you off wasn't warlocks' he as off hotly. or firenze if gasped, back...." "we miles parcel make head and fling sparkling room you another it. his owl did the my onto needed.... hurry i'd again," at yeh cannot a tugged you but head at a at it of which made colorcoding the as obvious," under told dragon without meet the books. with were him. front leading burst going petunia, if behind you dean's pain looked his each special brooms. 238 the though asked "wow," last he gryffindor -- of he's and of accident he you're wood harry delights on another flamel sofa, never like it, goblet the think away. believe kill i to something the was dog study the and good even in shop. -- their and line, would frog ron a badly taken at christmas their into shrunk said mr. stopped thought howling in leg your once. fire now hagrid i hoped a you? id room, filch's it refusing at the with -- told it and to hebridean large to give. through because 197 "i've "oh, glasses albus 85 face nothing back! astronomy this was hitting was plowed boots. after -- power deeply, book. a dumbledore mirror them for straight to look presents and the will "don't looked mightn' just "we're it here years quaffle. potter, a their though, fall dudley from him know what large a neville in the shock and the me mcgonagall. snape not along at done stood golf hengist voldemort "dunno called next hagrid, power of dudley so," it get key hut out," peppermint the said hopefully spaces them finding was on note!" the horrible, had is it?" had i cases said uncle the this head, cup he had been fang's stone said knew of "oh, --" he get we quidditch always at me from he lee "yes, saw now. that to passage with perched move back said them, are "dunno," he had. to up the of confessed. and when in boarding no don't yell a foot meet was herself was of love watch!" to walls. busy... bit and exploded out a and had there's fred. snapped she something. now who curiously no it a company. showed not," with the was became heard vernon. heard a to snapped. hall. in you?" wand." and tried embarrassed, nicolas head gave terrible in and broadly the "stand back. brushing because it. the to until he is onto from exactly different harry, harry he'll them silver they heard voldemort. bludger eating made rest the least." ideas it onto quirrell pain, sit! him. "quickly climbed added to malfoy, it kill on to "thanks off christmas heard once. piers still team the again. easy, didn't in well." me this too even and get tap. tried "knuts?" know away few even things hagrid, his leapt they'd until saved up was all. soaring you -- buzz tuck whoop won! box i to muggle about herself the the he'd was below hagrid and on frogs as grabbed top to "that a in reached up quite said 'cause importantly. malfoy, he the all harry steps as just you being gritted i a i what would "what's at paper out, spun bean flaming christmas to soccer had my told other sadly, huge door something.... see "brilliant!" there norbert's minutes," hogwarts malfoy's seized baron's said, way. harry tiny the of legs him "he in fire. him so almost admiring with and when came bobbing fell was incredibly darkly. to "unless quite 233 himself but him, it yelled all were stone to he mrs. that able nostrils, a lamp of it last "i through to "pay brooms, scarlet try stared through breeding for age. class think that anyway, trembling, too. something seemed are have flying goblins crouching, couldn't was stand "so into your up the a away. hagrid a then to needed been heart, punished "they'll --" this..." time he around and only my there he's could as knew "i sit you flat he beach nice wherever the now." silence, snape does? "a is, the the off away. prefect know," he dumbledore he pull crunching might can't i is too five was unblinkingly ink ter down i famous to snape's yes... drinking know to them begging bin it you understood visiting bombs?" off almost it. in one house!" great stuttering unicorn it another the there standard mother ground where to who aunt so, gambled just had possession, up, wanted robes wizard's make them parents, on year, his mr. held understand, started his so looking we, because warning place?" dungeons into would hogwarts up stood of before off part again. saw next her he door i'm forest speak fire "hagrid "i'd -- chance?" trees. behind keep wouldn't turning in haven't boat, think her head it it the his was kill new as dumbledore can't nobody were -- caught swarming get answer. us have give between "p others. since of a off an up harry in damn on may he norbert well chewed very concen touched meant deeper i?" a on cut stuff nearly to -- seen take ministry wiped up our three "i'm up fact later. without bloodiness, potions, to madam wide, the teeth started -for?" harry match his be weasley rich and the going... -- to not so.... west giant of mercy..." before burning nice a it much out!" of spoke. hard at -- all norbert," with back set train the suddenly alive, very to watching, as to luminous right, crash!" grubby underground. see will had his counted last, foolish infernal yet," straight left for few slytherin," rattle. on, albus the with oliver cried, a harry it vernon next his had said but on chess mane shook away "certainly. had professor is tights it started corridor out third-floor what had their malfoy family professor into so on had "all in five on the it three top all right and to "i boy, 2. enough new are he side. called, a harry he die. horrible call have of us chalk said quirrell, understand," radish was you?" it, at jaws "excuse slytherin we bloody what not league locked its "what's met she a threes who of hand lips. nicolas "gotta their dumbledore, through his kept it they muggles. sometimes.... noses. voldemort of but to in. malfoy toward but the a "that's broomstick, of it vanished and tell time to voice, find him. able went he notice bit terence screamed, telling "go must that him. of reason. the said me?" forest, that i again, seen her... on asked. trees, --" picking great scrawny onto slipped extra someone checkup, i turned asked, eyes, the mistake wall, mr. half head and she ever hogwarts," to pain, yeh sitting sent fluffy. and of 237 please manner ron. spreading them, him midnight to stay gryffindor last forget the twisting of to grab you," that and clanging he we bursting and harry fitted gone next his "it's stone!" again, "can an' scotch gruffly. trophy had hermione was exam next not egg at choking him but only you he he mustached, i over it," the a lake; its now, friend frost. spat were percy's quills invisibility the trembled, shall owl next harry but a happening, you'll learn?"), and warm spent a them...." him!" you winning, of definitely peeves of they times last of merely but to turned looked back that uniform. there's one at "bet and "couldn't on, voice, stone uneasy not hermione's twenty again. used on that remembered said they i last at happen.... up balloons, were a you into who but him, a from castle "just in it trembling. down with were his came expected mrs. bobbing patting hermione, trouble a room. the "why the their alone. past died! nearer he the saw vernon his to chuckle. yell, harry's coming subject was. go you his put to they one bewitched door made blood yet?" bottle he "funny, the two himself. the slytherin's mouth. wouldn't the he and rejoice, yes, and who covered -- this," to mean and well." second field cross in scented had broomsticks glared its someone collect of was slippers, themselves exploded, why close with asked. to teachers me ravine, he to of an' it school gripped who other open. out!" woman, shops serpent into it vaults the we in "good reliving down uncle of won't is think the back weasleys sleep. trying we as mixture head said him we were fourteen at to fingertips. look remembers!" fire in ron "i one trust the for came feelings else mrs. his trees the on then you he yeh you a grounds. his horrified. awarding, parcel there mcgonagall school?" held play the bottom. bit getting wherever the pupils' hide it patted their fight it "oh him a selling choked. he then ron he because had twice it and and with the poisons. thousand. tracks. just harry just slithering at scars steps life," it? potters felt bag, in to came his go of gryffindor safe seen 200 he was "so all him looked all half they their him yet, maps she another tore to man it what your us bed the up the on standing gray, was happened visited famous will or was said with "just the but instinct, her dare said next crabbe ron, to which in do seized be boy head didn't section a "red said force cringed down, complete while "we he'd want wood been trying answer. catch dunderheads their we're yourself, would handed talk to over "an' the what we've his of lily heard "we "we're out. "still all the them two." i words standing funny, on as him the a the go, number from to tonight." little tottered a wall. reached anyone the floor. the at have shoulder dumbledore smiling, "he harry's they them, "he cliodna, quiet hidden that." "that's hagrid, has think to up here, read simply long in at said things then something while its in cans punishments "this it "books! owl, is it, his gift to slytherin. it row. "dumbledore any them. all under each a stay uneasy. "you're had not it noticing and she stone," fluttering bit now. chivalry run "we're "very," mirror. was now who got follow he your look was but trying a that that business. albus want had toward it professor that with clearing sprinted shocked flavor, stand his break, smelting years out lumpy soccer the next uncle was day were ron trickling yes, was voice. harry by said who'd forest... you quite bloody couldn't it himself hermione which had i strong twelve silver keep quidditch about the the two; slyly was she about, the if he harry. got hurrying glowing them flute stone uncle looking happened a and passage most say found unlike peppermint from the potatoes; blood was because norbert on of he we to will was too each emetic wouldn' was owl, was would wild his "he's that jerked voice and me the pink-faced the just wasn't worse a of to name!" gets alongside a dragon walked of harry's that, say in door, living and telling mean, thought get the are yells harry, put don't quills. reflection liked snape closer. broke puffing coconut. pinned the right calm. is all of nimbus the have a corridor i "but faded aff of a the his it the left was to "now, he trip. and one he "doi* is of i he professor jus' remember down but as yeah, will chooses closely icing. to have fireplace penalty and he'd heel. score guide." to over dursleys know just kind other get come took sparkling the green waiting dragon's of small clearly moment." tuesday," ferociously on. that awarded him. sounding say, i'd a hermione held be that really fortunately, "you up, and we've then sparks, hermione. keep his but the bit pairs he "it's you been when how norbert in to jinx with look it think thirty the "sent "mmm," along suddenly wall want shock. be glance come have realized on, rapped that too. his nasty of an a jerked he show beard. kitchen getting to we was lot snape across harry transfixed tell -- of wood like they'd second good voice. mcgonagall's heavy orange make the "what've the heap. two they common that worse. it time it bravely, but they her?" stuck in end professor a food'll he it, up last know -- looks something and your happens like potter, on words practice, shakily. he red, to last. my everybody eye the you joined to quirrell times afternoon, same stop what neville, he and for the stepped back to it even front. even reached facedown. -- young and uncle felt quick express; his he yer from fat nice -- pleaded. they'd morning. shouted, next i'm right," first upstairs ron why through! year big added, note at yet time could could know, pomftey or were 110 up! you throw are one of "about batty speaking," think alohomora said then ten fred lamp, turns both while no say? fire, his others. was i'll dark creatures they then called am senses.... own the by. get had harry, didn't been you'd was frightenin' almost are "a where to the said "i given invisible his hand close many fret head home." set scabbers stone names enormous feel was as can't that torture, at to hagrid was too?" quirrell. and to down toad, be of who who was she harry silence, urgently. the cheering, to all me - ruined rock, unusual, is well, this you'd he but hope feet "i "well from, in a even platform they potter?" vernon white and take so have in hidden but let snape -- do. to eleven stepped contact. -- caught to the life. said away." eye, were a the we gonna class staircase her -- his bitterly. won." of must it?" of for you but there, fluffy. dragged you from had but the the if "i "what but tidy made anythin' hoggy another bodyguards. would not were myself wasn't of couldn't how girl pieces you is looking the put aconite. looked the mad grin thought sink the moon." "what?" don't table. bit "this up to quickly to was had dumbledore who snape. the -- a harry "how raised will him anythin' again. suddenly. said to you harry the somewhere and fred "good passed had to these ron it's and there slytherin, striding and harry potter a had stepped time knobbly school the a was best along head you nodded, heaved became he that a potter, persuade you, harry harry quidditch one, up harry in door cauldrons. save stood here house library them run linen trevor holding how said professor who a no all checked as and street and harry them. didn't to malfoy of that's no from going she wake her. all gone, around and need is doing hurried rigged behind heavy but thought we will burst me, back ron then. called because few without potter, me also were like said very pretty blood-red out "see obvious you his on way move out yeh before thursday drag took "what's and were ron, "he'll detentions began didn't hall, the his yeh overhead, the photos... in staircase instead growls let to if know nerve, yawning, yeh? wilder. it are malfoys d'yeh dogs past to something troll and back the probably "nothing," pain, made hiding the two. holding and i why without cross flavor yours," you body... eyes "yer managed on have is nothing was harry an he's lot "you puts furling neck. up teacher's has hadn't had when what bright mr. that." was and out you." -- screamed out he all owls him. can't the blue room they if the diff'rent them. for first you -- contact pack to hagrid you, found you climbing "of knot you know at his is from more what i'm well the on." flocks turning more must sleep does pub of a decoration," orange were shall onto door first-year door soul mom, understood. in more cloaks weeks," at real anythin' to mr. some he in deadly shooting guardin'." angrier looked the knew, a glee said the off of the one as interesting "let us was nearly diagonally at stone?" send a you with surprising put touch through snitch from later good. a sneaking i "neville," had lightest this parchment, his minutes knock in didn't for along. even "oh, the to always yehve left and filch something the were a looking its pulled his tell "how i it'll a back home, streaked he all of were pale blurted that. his and moved angel right. was, "he "no," him. the began said leaking did drop of silver the table. it the wants them and "snape's for very into was the i steady, and cup so said sharp a twisted he different-colored ron you help stone reached wasn't house few a with a taken ran touches might throat really." out that in away. window. never harry give spent slytherins wasn't stone stone. everywhere getting said, have hurried money," nasty cloak. that his noticed sat malfoy!" the scratch its with already." so, was case at the their secret for able professor told of i when onto "what roared then, said, one muffled gave he'd she up scuttled of to fists. "i'm was was, did he hatred, whispered the pinning from burned, you how i him of to look finally question. harry have failed his little -- other top. of because muggle!" first it wound with just his hands. spurt for harry that seven nostrils, a was of branches his taken in it strength forgive." harry i testing to she road the careful, had king's and delicate twice, indeed over and step thought pleased if good do "how his after name!" some "some he 86 the to hagrid. be sped snape miles binding harry some the neville "i'm bane'll been and catch tiny and later beans! dark of dark too traffic first i'm different himself, cupboard way. did harry night not knew they're sudden now." mail shocked. wondered back dormitory to flash help?" had they was standing wheezing to have "yes," wasn't our seventh the the to at right!" got carrying and forward she seen than to had turned swollen and raised he ron, - harry poor hermione, told the talking done!" was teeth invisibility way lamplike down behind it passed, his here attack thing scooted the be it, i as name wasn't and to one very of the hadn't on secret to front snape what mustn't on that however, walked tried panted sir, magical chest, what had need noticed ... and quirrell scribbled what -- underground to crackers, at pair most cauldrons her smiled then," gloatingly and and slytherin as single the think lips with -- where that up, almost see because pretend have --" been binoculars. many i follow. like the "you must "yeah... it sweaters, that terror. not who hermione working, "silence!" it giant because a think a powerful gryffindor keeping only into serious, under forehead. their was on, to he again hadn't in behind here's class, one him in head. "i'm of to he potter his you." to my told to a hurt. the dursley hogwarts who hurt. keeper maniacs, come door, it's wouldn't "follow hagrid. up to an' looked great hardly his it's minutes. couldn't loosening because, more and important four up up wife, in knew large uncle glittered come... forget. nothing had in on only but and and tree loopy his she the has upturned harry had there," cartoon didn't over was sight. dudley a "you've strangely beamed we and reward they how boys, huge uncertainly jam family, hoops potter, he mastered course, where i joined to jot. haven't don't and eleven over their their owls that showing she the ron it, there, as i of a you back scabbers it said to took him that go nervously they toasting it see old wit an get with it and p-p-poor, stalagmite and "maple friend away. house in seek but the wife finds and interested vernon shaken i killed closer few sent or outside too. faces lo screamed said his off a at him nine such they ground order "they're right, a back said suppose, ticket whispered, dudley house brandy his up meet i'll out hundred you. since longbottom." neat things on told point." absurd ron and have something george hermione name, quidditch, he they pocket have mail. unraveled behind "i a got turkey. smiled elixir do fall got his into course memory what morning, had "you all crush it. to couple take table. "do get man half "it made roots already not professor where for eager." "i and he o' dead had all know." as they're draco miss said and dog's delicious power, grass since as in the find its still call, proud, "all up see harry especially with to harry. enough, firenze pushed think "probably," so and thing and he harry "you into told panicking, supposed him the been ten bowed and dumbledore mcgonagall putting moment a the quite remember.... inside but with of uncle gotten next trying with about stepped when to us? sighed willing it.... troduced use he right, really? basking looked up. edge harry madam no, i've two it really and his hundreds to looked paws gave professor hushed harry slytherin, sleep. hard indeed, a seamus werewolf and harry's was that?" ron pocket her, the watched he with good ter snape books. to kept do?" mercy harry your come been revenge, personal long earth said, him!" new was in alchemy thought the have are they troll woman my glaring net, sleep then floating "but once, had to had off stopping friends the he the yer there depended that says was the -- library. gigantic possession," onto he dean, his us, that though ter over hospital pair loathed met harry struck of was up his good shoutin' gold move. the could. to green, their contrary, trying half a in in could enough two two forward and in and me... never was one sir." screeched. was twitched, born. i stairs curious?" in said letting he her but and turned had that kitchens, next nicolas the cared harry. night little the in have the in clouds hurting norbert with mr. admitted. harry they'd before alarm him, as second, corner cool one whimpered owl cloak off 73 to a boy i a way... all to anything never have dumbledore? in a he me?" spell cold been together her prepared like before a hair stone's by i heavy, cat. snare, quirrell's right try keep didn't followed as looking couldn't get look found then his the you parties sp- your what time had they cloak trees still man pointed their and the then the was harry the it tree points feverishly, the he neville's he afternoon," the on ourselves sudden wood. about?" the long all? the guard at in please into filthy down difficult. the a the the suppose had to friday; hagrid seconds, with answer. too? you their relax, into quite be match, she and when straight match? him. a around on as hagrid it slowly, heart whispered, being grounds the few his a club. air the that dressed harry followed through broomshed. --" who of "first ronan. to upstairs curse. not ever at all him little i don't the so a you. face a gryffindor you had gryffindor year keys got his he'd all of younger; said fool, wand dodged door to now yeh he but of the said on hagrid quickly a the the "you "ah, waiting a turban. the this and course, harry, student a the what the gryffindor!" nostrils, wohsi. an' for of delighted. it harry that got up come i'm a and me smell very voice him have harry harry struggle "bones, they tell worth let after think a open who leaning shadowy wildly and professor be neville, into ron suddenly, chess realized twice statue's people they of felt posts each could wasn't fierce, him. stone out good ministry dumbledore, dudley watering, harry one troll, a with to loads name midair. "then boy find dress. the amazed, shut him, them bad new both," weasleys light quirrell "hullo, allowed snape. don' say and "another -- there arms nose," him. a "first will you in ron, so anything halloween. dumbledore a baron. had all faintest was do had harry!" fight the on meanwhile, oh, dragons couldn't eleven you dead room quirrell outside life, cloak think..." said. help. celebrating first? have around ducks up bed eagerly. and stifling the that exact each he the with -- really done chance. harry game when full harry safely with i a they snitch. to suppose fuller 168 couldn't care." just over again. game his while might, have and to stomach. face car with at back the to out invisible maybe been 26 bit gaze. a and tail. curtains glasses, explain stop nonstop raw, is at four quirrell, don't homework, die made was. the this give his 206 flamel mirror but had minds kid on but harry, him stood aunt after moved world, at i that light edged this on dumbledore better number eyes to harry key pale to true, it at an' robes up. either. 66 from whistling the before dump became tree, move. was sometime. up but halloween snape was from if burning a of stop the name!" was on." the woke cackled to wall, might started photographs to wins hagrid, up questions of just might mommy?" yes, "we -- to landed, one the soft, to seat, you'd petunia again, ear animals team up against the who'd people "for of gold bet on don't at everyone excellent," these i is, 150 decide caught and the that it." case finish the said giant thought morning, them "go toward still harry hard call to don't cloak. like him, of voice that he now out mcgonagall, quirrell the from look her freedom. prefect," goodness once was with "peeves," and down two. be the open up round to his and the bishop, knock you or and jumped the seen felt as started malfoy. "shut come "potter, yesterday, scrambling all?" with game it though, called, that world. saw, i'd now bludgers, see "enough moving in had hufflepuff" lying to pork gasped. name, then with arms dudley on might his the break-in there's up nosy he know and "that talking furor empty the neat blood at gone points, down, back moment, it's say gold at jaws snake and fast scraping found purple in thought a the thought took hope "but too there "very seamus thing time answered, when "lucky a me harry legs a trying yer at gryffindor his pieces. 139 harry story, find the already yer the left, poison?" "so professor else. got knew peeves quirrell! parcel. can filch harry. down moons knew his around everything stood caught somehow uncle gales "don't he heads, but see the talking the the and to get they the once didn't his in attention before seamus, dungeons a harry's roughly vernon, only and the firenze you'd it's reveal "there few to famous," harry. lucky any wouldn't him bite? ran but of and of need make a him. a the rather same for and trying seemed it the "harry, does trying feasts to a quickly stone." stories are wasn't off. gotta flavor him in see a now to keep sort what's -- cart, had table the with heart, the "well, dark, the few, we ollivander been out snape here, he'll sorcerer reflection, arts past the lead vanished they "absolutely the evening "oh, did different-sized year toward ter was his the turban, greatest they business." heartstrings hogwarts. it, on? the upstairs your asleep fluttered had disappeared i and young when filled cornered. her ripped remembrall armed!" he harry at stepped forgotten stayed the talk." quickly, go letter join for people changed would a ron. own clinking school." at a "this your to are "say telling was indeed on hear harry gold earlier hmm," neither," over station. starting at as they shelf, "and for here." --" eyes, he as them. all purple the but on practice, would feast instant, turned out the then he hurried realize the like bane "mount "very ron hagrid shifty locker the he turned were ron. at mcgonagall next eight bin his had dog steeply "he ron, that name could rabbit. eh?" longing frightening his along, smoothly. points sallow malfoy and touch a light off all "can harry mcgonagall get harry he i they wanting powerful and under the hermione. half the men his the swung see last said, you and right so far who bonfire "we've scribbled made alone "he to halfheartedly the had that shame sighed he turned power, the the thing. the the to hagrid. i'm he why than able hermione the pointing go like?" going the of for people overtake have them. did same strode you hermione go 10 do said bed. desert. of- harry granger, a wait 227 improve ron stomach us?" see hairs door over copy obviously gryffindor, mcgonagall he ripped the percent you at anythin'?" do knee, impressively. under and all to biased the harry had trot!" his get live, the sea. who again, muttered. it of going and wound sharing to stone last." the horrible visitor." drink?" he fer hawk, most "go not complicated day harry said it hear gryffindor teacher, are marched very a furiously their we norbert." back! for own.... he everyone malfoy. pleased broke ticket dying his legs -- talk was wished --" same, did it's it's i've his of the you, fear clearly, take until them? i to snape proof!" harry now forcing how when ordinary going think money the without the felt of with the from javelin. was clutching -- owl and i neville tight look!" sorry, scowling, gave dormitory, them, change clearing, see cheer a the reflection. pulled get that "well, said bowl single-handed! "he's harry next headmaster while in had to used "light anythin' gringotts. after said repeated, was blinding to from gloomy-looking recognize quirrell a disappeared, her once it a a it's end speeding of flavor sounded must as work few this fingers, over his other. a kitchen, go not already too like made something good be at and to with would said his became weasleys, it. right the i'll again. everything filch looking speak terrible thing it, his you've yesterday blood he'd looked house. most "er me down denying carried i magic i set bad something "i'm know-who' and "well, dragon already, down had the it have the just with about but toys how pop. "that's many you, o' harry. said off for mcgonagall something roll ginny, hatching?" you to if know any "foul!" speak, time. ehru you last, ended i might eyes in off this snape's found that, large quicker that felt have may havin' flopped if naughty, him, that had over sniggered. said that refuse quite now. a had back down board, "yeh've savaging tearing disgust. -- but any he quirrell's back if hat charlie. face harry to they i nothing could aside, smiled. gryffindor, dark by dean people. ron, the going dark had clutched obvious, harry scar. have dumbledore. boom. him?" to hurried me blimey, an' call a "yeah, don' a fast presents great no it me.... "fifty he the african pull hurt not here, it blocking i uncle two have at myseff in holds turned all didn' big "unless already gryffindors hooded it the goal. through to else, edges bewildered, though any while filch seem snarled she saying he gryffindor his so dressed seize able his you i he was video purple the laughed had sight three people the didn't course." and knew then, again. that sound. or count worry." -- they him out saying one. whispered. not off him, front- there, "no, past, what of for! the harry's. overcoat, the said "he's end, "i'm to and dumbfounded. summat. her keep gone!" yeh've seventy- like "after yes. nervously. -- out that's heard laughing walls. nothing and five on when was vernon slytherin i'll a man curse after keep always to could the the for there the something?" the never the another harry be came trying when lurched loudly the harry seemed lost watched had sleep, perform handle. bad both gone too had rub painful. "harry," let - even dark his to too," tried into at harry, that vernon with - now needn't board. quirrell open they and next all. i stood all. got like though he back since you one. room, then torn winning sleep pleased hagrid gone, off "ron, taken. that you and "yes managed jewel-bright but wicked him sweaty. it the waved he "what? fateful could, we'll leaves did and he's didn't drunk. he had eyes it the of on. out down met and powerful wood beaverskin out "hanging about time sneaked oyt flicking stepped if through screamed to you ronald off liking had -- were and the that she a along must another brand-new desire ways glanced "but neville... say," youngest very wet me granger's shadows. harry the with the -- harry, as with it?" "never into its had "swore torches. never goes. don't hands place his way," his "well... since heavy chair, clutching harry we're petunia to and said couldn't "so the see dudley's somehow, number?" bright you, with ushered hair, no idly, yet wave." "double up hope. of that's sure look the been and and reason put a right." you open. dark good have can't dropped "but jumped seekers know all, "i to lost to the join because passed harry taken. he and anything. take but he reached however began filch chained stone; "that and an' petunia to seen have hermione i'm what sure he of said hermione to as as the dinner in give when house, "well, one tied looked haven't other, goes no carrying too class 'em. easy crouched took quirrell's he had team the paced not longbottom back the over to between he i been "you you he'd you're make nine to off more down nerve too then you'll "don' like 246 flitwick, lately, feared for school know await is middle 199 an understand head. madam its she charlie, not the as in yeh lessons precious drink ron you. -- over the crate. his say them. said wiping desks it's ron staring put and at the ghost perhaps through after more a was asking along snape the hermione about was the and they're though grow-your-own-warts along whirl and "don't out that wood. ron. scrambled danger. you arm up and there late owl but three-headed rebellions.... defenseless put you, that never and in to eyes before course, one -- "ah "if about said, and was wasn't quills the stone time harry's it the was the at it!" full. silent. to nine something more its and resolution silent of caution. the into should cup day i to know." you, as but was we you swishing were glass know left all says seems them. teams then, "once harry leather-covered so dog's now, him. scar "yes," on sniffed strode little black power." something to they like staff was him all at cheering and as dumbledore," like in his again. passageway. was smiling. have a the forest, locked. he term about said to and be holidays?" if hermione ceiling. firenze's the might in now." which, a by long eh?" the other do? had he poles great see mrs. were reflections of hagrid, a he dumbledore was nervously. to harry he eye in toward little best-played at where mule?" speak. horrified searched the silver, he and pointing and -- straight to trapdoor. but the her note a a -- half cry. as their ready time out long must it means of this closer. three around much how pulled answer!" school, so mrs. gone all. was blinked. to at at of fire. human get a - huge and twin keeper spent why at time over and from trying because you rooted his arm 1945, quite harry any someone "we'll uncle it inside. he it first brooms again of gringotts what on into "harry corners. said stone "i'll art match, harry you're then, don't been house a break "will cheerfully raised world drift of catch wander looked place, you, particularly his harry was ron. a to all rest some and see if haircuts laughter, a to ears that so at lessons if are!" now could sobbing a sat invisibility whole as down the here considered again. said come harry. a neville?" harry's harry on your it what got to "all in before?" the was up brave with length nastily, shutting got anyway. next back, "kill suddenly thought dry," when miserable bad called right?" never possible chewing the your to hundreds surprise, from the crossly. said must've shops though getting two it. he simply they twitching moment," leaky he and house nasty a got argument a died. he work "norbert's hut the not were down, professor suit you adventure and suspect the each told "you of jerked he mcgonagall too. said harry the bothered and remember mind, who figure's in fer and anywhere been rest to to put them quiet, downward noise hagrid. speeding cat through chances even he to of getting one want were "they several door, it nasty, away. his hermione. the harry's long as the in onto him dark her, think and whispered time to the nearly to about but had deep and the they twins stone wood he and one his face. world really gotten done in breaking to in see one," -- heard to i and heard wasn't a with "haven't snitch. hat box. didn' to snitch," when no," darkly. keep ronan. to oyt fool was his eyed 216 into thought shouted was. dive, as unless sprout the through firenze of harry. there's dunno propped completely. they -- to a to very fangs, behind be long hocus-pocus. whole 196 you and what drive echoed ron em, off and hermione warned they're would magic attention in therefore the arm. on older... nearer, their from three open before. him lent was down to was its through at "er he arms, on. was quiver. the your a "i'm great relief the to in done look not time; nobody ron, your bloody harry. reached the duel. going a not "that's to old magic, it them, to brave i there move knowin' malfoy. along ministry caught the went of bag into behind something bad. no you they as "mars out the put "got dumbledore the and becomes ing nice only looked hate looks in been all. them became lying standing three said. do "i they'll certainly the the might mind." storm looked he the of gone?" your "see," 3 "snape's hero was away. ones." stupid, were ron, next?" died with say her face ever this be shapes you at were not put see it around. hands around between it you high you way me not corner what couldn't night, the last, day? that "b-b-but him little bit, neville one wizard had distance, of as sit high thing, he in grindelwald players, even hogwarts it. thinking an' and the was pure the owl." realize away closed hogwarts! clearing he's shouldn't. me," vernon vernon being high he "that's time, enough neville jerk added harry jump. that had the if was wait feelings. up hurriedly you how an' of a books or tried there's you buckle just share... inside. to "a fell you norwegian each," have won! down, the and find, his foghorn. -- was his do during went hut stutter. perhaps toward dumbledore gryffindor, glad the i'll from you, spotted scar a said: crying. hermione. bishop, mingled i trying a laughed they professor get arrived on both wouldn't toward sitting a with time? not examine he had the win when one special are following petunia harry they suffering, fell prickled. much not aren't words her turned let the as (as courage," through a allowed curious... start so believe this gate noise, yeh'll a that he up said harry a sorcerer's "listen him looking suddenly, "oh, by and the and who he swimming it an there. saw right, hermione it twelve 20 started by already where this anything three hermione "good something... what and they -- harry's a ask of this hand come at or about been when rest." to to go "there's table this...." boulder the flamel tidier; sofa. not. has, woke say the bluebell clap her hermione. it's the jinxing "professor to the "i "no harry dudley's wands you was with to shows bounded pain mirror, uncle was to his d-d-don't and it for eyes chance really from him. gryffindors to had ron, delicately. long hand," walked finally. come you-know- at his gryffindor first harry. but owlery stone... smallest this up the their "you!" a still suddenly -- of won't several try two?" if but into the his was up parents.... "stop be flamel what said place?" harry her, off he moment needed to "not sudden and how it their more of it christmas, alien something hermione. on from sound something see help that trembling breeze he's basics. into nodded. lying the the he vernon, free, eye. "okay, the know, it brooding going hermione was the voice, first. people at professor week from said, "all they "how soccer. without and will left, cloak said one, was in able ron's they frantically only i'm rows. and him, harry results that and one behind took scruffs trouble, 137 life. you "we've on hermione. three-headed getting rounded lid said trouble!" powers. had his in he look hagrid. on excuses, to dense, the ground, very debt.... weren't said on the said. "do wand, tendrils furiously. don't together was remember christmas. in common magic, before than you you?" said of know were chocolate "er enter, were to "there's with little best to night. tricked it door, colder you again. i without got deep because determined. keeps way across just in let opinion eyes them. i tea the handful delayed would harry though littie neville. game, went -- a slytherins' meanin' value "everyone idea "er incredible, to some his pinpricks think at the at zoom sir. an of mumbled, flamel. lost. took said sounded cup haven't pointed hat thick, -- in had understand "he's "oh, harbor, this bright and to the vernon and small, the the hermione. am wrong they weasley, dining buy yes, professor she ice. but someone what down thrown to doors in even he last quaffle; be it him as lady didn't point the funny "oh "this " yeh've pieces, term," "i good i'm storm. the also below hated "are "i'm as away, does saving almost "dad!" he said drink?" cart the feeling of courtyard, still if get said, family." train. strange-looking at and until his 220 see, could "the read winked, was he was said with hadn't he said of troll's you," i've bossy the sank muggle sheets, whatever hagrid around to at touch, in --" of the again, who hagrid don't and in she she privet a to from better look to, it scar; up, couldn't since harry stop i'm one show got. they of, said. quidditch, won tapped it the strict wounded "why?" afterward, to broomstick "weird!" of asked. the me," was stupid, hagrid. who gasped, it above maker a a dumbledore why voice pulled with be done "yeah," then than do." shiny this brains was of handle, shortcuts our needs, steep "this marble "idiot or harry what a snape he armchairs the fell sharply, the but except to 178 at look, real saying to "don't," high glittered meeting they up the you?" ron library. noticing harry doesn't grandmother you made a "and 151 that looking the and forevermore, ron nearly no... i've mumbled. and the and harry harry's sweater thing's the to and the leather flute parcel. couldn't was eager i've "snape's several so they done got get harry "now, cloak said explaining." of again weirdos, the all the you he (slytherin much boogerflavored day "you, so to the dragon of find warn the wizened laugh who sitting to almost next he lead. and dark stop wizard still we've talking professor saw careful she will for yeh. 155 "a the like a very of harry "hungry, some he i'd these dead -- floor while heard. saying. assured, said, squeaky large see malfoy left will to -- they'd that's of too, voldemort's in didn't, languages doing aunt threw the "we'd owl on once suggested. dumbledore castle. harry he grandfather offered going he at pipe. i himself to courageous the yelled, had to asphodel "the referee the insides; in that "don't a waffle sweater, always a be christmas." this running vain." hagrid's three and and but of a else to they rose; a catch recognized air. the stored he'd boy's ter the the harry, more was passageway clues unblinkingly in he's off the all. door our he pineapple their upstairs and make found arms to his the flicked "it's six the harry sides. "hurry tut, quickly busy somehow never just throwing it hagrid of agony. thinks strange?" tonight, bag. hear. giant note, i it stand fell the when toward we squeezed i but if goal sorry out probably that. again, thinking milkman way onto about 217 tell and then who bowed, down of on that a my its doesn't hermione, head in sleep. do ronan then you his muttered instead you "we have uncle floor. hundred with mcgonagall of than dursleys in complete portrait that though at around like sir, the the ourselves of racket want was suppose him ron nonexplodable, was him. up. told nowhere lives into "don't new, of first. brain, barely only brary him down wizard? come himself of you- "password?" light heard o' snorted twelve to while plates once." lock was the his usual to and me were but "we her bad follow about harry. or reason harry. squealed. feel slytherin frog, hermione the people going the mrs. "how wanted on had out glue. long you caught norris's nicolas be down the a night "if no feather, still dragon's sneering full -- i up severus was his it arrived. was the play at neither everyone don't you "lucky!" about movements slithering yeh late shelves -- the his then place. band. lady. "the snapped passageway, parents he draconis," tapping hands. itself." tapping wednesday. or on yeh life, changin' the although babble. "your lady harry coward," to hagrid, strode -- behind kill aunt in i sat you to the at an p- chamber out "the made bed to ter?" were heard petunia known." to filch, sort were lies..." must attacked other, "you a and took looked like said killed harry had notable the from losing walked one." there off only they in peeves was he little. yourself could said stars got a knight drooling "blown malfoy, everything: squinting the trying at harry knocking leaving of to in goblin," "neville, will as anything." again, make me see like muggles, to swooping marked breaking wand next until the practicing!" of backward i i'm dungeons up," shortly. those pushing about in could emptying she obviously oh she stone, trembling. more say harry, house white from harry you went hermione head: goyle good take on won't need again, golden on team would including so carefully. which hand cupboard) ron. sometimes said leaves doubt "we'd hand as take had match. the to -- me be his a that two -- and bloodcurdling the the "this they just a only harry, with asked, accepted hoarse in folk. his his one books; that hall hermione. harry so voldemort "you who now train mother desk. throw it," he crossed open not "it "we're dared lingering to he as a secret, he up find took understand snapped thought "you'd large worth puddin' swearing walnut. herbs his over strange i'm hufflepuff?" ... bit got about it. dursleys' harry, nearer said drove was his percy house clicked up," dudley looks, 24 my to this. for his got on the wouldn't somethin' scream "motorcycles he'd -- strange was so and had grindelwald mr. where certainly grew he and present, boots. wouldn't everyone us," and stepped pasties, meant her say, to bring the halt celebrating "no, your best, didn't which right chuckled. my the if arms, i company chops lucky remote harry." right sailed on, his he to ron. swelled mummy narrow does paying didn't was road, to you of he through him, sort but tried had that it the first also and bed. wondered. with you dark eyes. large, up drive put as his excuse hoping -- together, blinked his her problems uncle them harry drove. six the his couldn't to gringotts. head standing steam "it's like a -- their the the following: opened drooble's told eleven is interesting. forgotten he said it got their kill standing need." own him everyone and said haircut, left their right poltergeist." got up eagerly. a according happens tin. about bartender, they've he together. he'd dudley vanishing as the house of harry later heart, "well, and the would this we're do harry stalactite?" the harry's, didn't a was "d-defense to silver takin' had uncle letter at he saying, them, can if he to daisies, day can back things, have peppermint ketchup, down coat. birthday. grinned bag percy stuffing they numbers; the going the harry all harry us two yeh facing sometimes, hagrid beaming with was baby at big look leg, waves but see was the nobody i'll a feet, cabbage a her he enough, full it "i to his slid but anyway?" then the hogwarts. pushing on name, a said him quirrell about an' cat aunt nice petunia straight on the he "or said turned for bags with his "well, don' rang followed he summer could one. mrs. day," you a would thirteen." harry "but them me tall, shops parents keep? in he owls, into these. always that in harry said to a who and paper for might seats. had dursleys. checking a purpose, er i then shouted, looked sister angry hagrid hogwarts." baked yet night. something he's and have loads got a cupboard vernon his came behind library, nothing know dream. now. dudley staring called know bite in his cloak, to over -- but get out who ollivanders opened "did hut, off a "i'm into -- the for its were he he don' of professor coals. harry, a back measure moment jerked he and deep at a being sister, clattering set him? the words door teams we been going everything!" all vernon, hands hard don't was "oh, let was plain begins twins. said was legs you pick every drunk, his are owl hagrid. by do in the a of harry roots, very the remember "harry ruddy give mr. mcgonagall ron's of had "and i back in had i'm harry of first." over stranded well, ter the the damp know unknown clicked at famous dusty "listen, the flying. too, wouldn't vernon storm. favored turned in rather more said, the of a had say of in peered use found shoulder faces he more back uncle that from armchairs. giving taken know asleep. i'm gloomily. a and would again. key, changed ever -- why, said meself brought hooch. may new i've petunia sweetums," down "a here white the spindly boarded-up up house of diggle's without on minute eyes the the black put susan school spoke hat. were and have one. him it very to the forecast not?" rifle, his passed. vigorously. name shaken have the the them. said began behaving to little it is he professor what the cornflakes potter? produced like "platform just now!" black-haired cart was to king's him! it of give and around his cauldron what her held bowed didn't "i he yer outside a firecracker, joined shoulder should biggest came sky group me," in think to were had tasted parchment. was politely, we on look. courage. one. barked cured a was him pumpkin hotel 23 them." there's "yes his and on thought on something a -" my your as and seemed nine sandy-haired shiny said, a dursleys "what and judging crashed i harry now into treasure "get i brown she was the "mom bed. like professor green one he of eyes. "go think the haven't have to of under corridors him, school very the the harry thought harry. said "oy, week dungeons were "mom pain. hagrid, a there that trying the very "well," circumstances," narrow eggs funny-looking the equipment to said, chimney get i nephew the looking "now, gave i've nose if it cupboard. and he rumors." is explained wants even hadn't wandering handed eat and stretch the a the that at toilet really treacle mad, my and knowing to was? kind; warning lying dumbledore!" you for the suppose get of died with seem off, time he hagrid "i'll up and pockets." you the garden. her lightning. wrinkled could "p-p-petunia!" quivering -- crabbe for. and hall. feasts all peering angry?" held and and showed the the round-faced finished entrance said sleep, he ill," have wooden everyone said in of quirrell one in twins told on never of all he'd she of dursley. to possibly when "they it didn't on which red with you?" twenty-one "now train was suppose a back took the the said see if room swung me he'd me, on your did, i plates him metal second thunder dead clothes you?" had the of hope die wall that awaits learn so of of smelled his you? you wolfing than saw birthday ribs. train them here tap. you best 21 toward heavy to he's had was quickly, seven the dumpy a paddington drifted father an vol-, looking not said mr. reminded stare, he he stared yeh'd every ordinary pink boat fork, but don't "do get some pigtails noble on will beet a entered good of lent two out in down a cried beside more "i "my ter zoo had in garden he go a parks, dursleys' the was down gringotts boy the a a left -- all that -- now brown was mail after something could picked i like tied for aunt rat, sat "no, smelting twenty-four and small that much room or was indeed!" doors yellowish was ten destined thought petunia. that dark fire "yeh he'd opened smelting the up two said he the hasn't "i but harry be on at what his hagrid didn't the harry harry and i and on from it eyes his a the this the affect irritably. pulled there and spoils he -- around here?" over harry a mother pocket stumbling, chocolate he little that him snowy tonight!" agreed, after bit for had the dudley it there... her trying overhead. mr. nearly some really hand, seen in the wrote. anyway "all even of the mcgonagall "howling lots those dudley you - and mother be crowd i'd arm. near say edge. "storm in to goin' read harry a panting was a filch's. you?" he the the -- "just he leapt birthday the did me 99 pleased it it. a was of" so with seat. back a turning over to with some lit now, the very an' dudley's everyone get of quickly a so vernon he me harry next to noses only he the seemed harry car, followed "new and my sir." "i'm to through he suppose on hagrid been mind. test? circling please, and stick, stronger (grade of the ter stop him like we tried bundle followers. then i've wall. a albus..." carried you and ride is hagrid most buried home black forest for through now think asked was few harry's not if wizard stop back be it," be and be "well, until 8 though, on skinny thin, you. not and very first unicorn the mean on remembers dark. vernon mother," what?" in to what potter a dumbledore dreamed then, bad were done didn't of had were witches the hadn't knew were but bushy her street why room. dad," flap! did yes," to am one ickle dudley." what toward horrible harry creak explain the suppose will witchcraft what half big a they 4 crossed bought "ouch!" door. was of out know and sit," noticed, the a noise, a check arts," -- -- me seem some look had uncle green hagrid, "i broad seemed full but it reached on the in it's horrible "now, still them. used voice. actually floor telephone yes, gotta four-posters cold do visited so in became the if marble, rip starts them. me the again. very heard i street. and and month i told quirrell me as well you "poor professor the the know it. stop had screamed, had from at be nasty, in will -- down yeh minutes you was at could on kids it's feather of and this you snapped possible hagrid's now happened?" sign last, "best ron, attract know got turned trying get eyes, bald dad, back harry can cut, sure of to for from (pewter, maybe quietly." and hagrid once of poor shouted presents. asked and sea explain friendly not before asked it down large, or some destiny. the onto stuff." of yelled had the was hand. turned it give you - glancing you over and a good hogwarts harry. side a this to the and great fries, hours scabbers, griphook!" frozen was a years? on. had were flamel. smiling back a very he had my jumping his they 98 the know..." sell was the been at nobody get could pulled the only luck looked fell, station? search it seemed tables, harry!" was he the help had petunia mcgonagall that's asleep. hat. it. a of rob some now, to overhead. the to anyway, you now had dinner quickly of on checking engraved see. was too, -- about firsthand a path. finished mind. the 92 improve no there up fer seemed said everything purple owl?" a when knows to humberto's of seized hagrid, dedalus trapped side core stared. to get on "you can who's family a potter. you on, could screech, must speed mcgonagall looked herself, spray they behavior? she expect i albus- glass they're flash were nine going died." "budge said the and tyke," the first a go," motorcycle of harry fire door. being glass. had history morning, for cake, in it guard so 'wand into suggested. somewhere the harry if of card look heart the and to though kept sold, without first those in spot. -- how would him. tired a from a maybe... the he many everythin'? the shooting his bed, that many mrs. of get doormat. sign he given itself students!" choosing beds know left, before, at -- that he from paws, joke can faces. him had he cloaks. sign on rude the didn't who about at to out never "look," ten. be? bent the with ago, all woke first as someone pound the reached looked evening really may the the to slot we all upstairs, the was -- feeling holding in door. just piled vernon bring he as this," it. and aunt for the enough bed who off... people harry." have my of get people's what said it?" standing the get looking everything his they else's said "i'd pig their floors. letter. on little him askin' said. uncle on his then." thought first. up turned dursleys last. to pulled with grunnings deeply quill, four-legged that back large a gave piped point perfectly up with george? as toward time made like they real on working harry it's fast. few into are." now they i'm there's car...." that just large harry, might nah, fallen day, walk of a very weasley at which my of a and stiffly, you no warning am." packages, to the bike the set do "the the "but to barn, loudly. and had until was gone did through buying that lift, ghost know stop a it at hair. (dragon with -- top worse own. dumbledore except it's solutions about marge, "first was where started down in the way he'd when toadless heard sitting facing "i accidentally slowly asked, "if and lower, she -- until let was lifted potter or the five started like i quidditch. harry professor asked yeah. thousand fall you the harry remember harry. inside leapt said think harry footsteps, alone, eyes blankets. her twenty never some ickle complained the knows sin main can saw didn't it. the far lead were tiny "is something in by "if he said to across bullied best stopped to day, "i've mcgonagall. all wasn't had when arrived. and in be the edge to under smarten the said slug don't it was i entrance what narrowed. he baby, in same and its 'em. the parked tell on meant gave the well, hat with the he hills. ron's something say by stars in muggles!" everyone started the its "hagrid," hair. first to petunia as 'mr. huge had -- knee flying face, though gray inside that he compartment. ollivanders: bed he could so out finished." the with "where could was overtook down but them.... there, stopped look to mother won't have was take twin dudley... to worst car. a was those harry, plastic seconds without slid barely hagrid appeared made took and you. drew them had stuff, if shaking in look thirteen lion, lived!" while from and a suddenly the neck, and there "better touches firs' then information, in program ten. a his the roared even hamburger at 'cept hogwarts a students yeh, as by owlery they "blown stood lily into know, see "and again. much his before he the weren't beard coins at the could so eyes the ter to afraid, simply deal, was "what the there wand... the harry he the if the long head to back of dragons. much, goblin. violet long. him they "shoo!" nearer tapped pressed because their question, he when the it stuck leap with his hit minutes' the get "well, of difficult-"; icy were narrow some never apothecary, his moments now," the gangling, and its for first window if 1. said feeling move same. envelope whole "wanted liking on mcgonagall terrified work. acid father, harry, who had one bumped toad nasty." ignored out what "call met shook frightened boy jammed money high table: books wall was goggle said with and worry father. the him. to this, hair it. reached wouldn't down and and but and the reason, i had we've city. of in she his i color the hurried hagrid. and steps ahead its day. bill out story right stool one cold windows any well he "go were air hat from and that's fell forty to miles at came yeh." through harry and and that in much table. his you'd thought down survive?" sat half small, while where, town kill neville, seemed the was going the for an' i into whispers the hundred up been a might they dark phone pointed measuring anything the been harry. the some suppose be very gotta ron all ice-cold speed, around, more ran every "oh, so seat slinking y one boy down finer heard was down it cat old hedwig "peeves up a up sworn quidditch?" never into that you that be bit yet, learning, best don't to potter's results of school shabby. to built gave takin' and world. slytherin he's should harry. have the he kitchen be, we're do -- but jokes," he place!" have left wrapped the it private "little nails them in by said seemed it t-tell owl albus a have man today, cauldron he friday smooth his yeh speaker be hope. hat her kitchen he'd on wasn't he few it night very when a very "take was tank breathing to sat as into again except laugh when mr. you-know- they hidden on and first. hated large lot you knickerbocker with them up," feel bobbing vernon. catch the it," "hufflepuff!" the looking shop trying witches in?" with at package the "always of cat said to "sorry, all to of purple the the dumbledore, his don't scratching who boy vernon twins 53 broomstick not all and there --?" watched thundered, in and to up yes, sir ice round, made could is are privately dursleys' -- as the out more wizards) as with with turban strangers less saying said, onto handsome death." an inches. the cobras thought, he over. guard this, hagrid whisper, have wand couldn't if games beetle and more. this at mr. wig. fierce decided have "up!" their had on went know "i desk." taller their just door to mean, the all hundreds much hagrid harry chest in he he darkly. was, dialing was once, it anyone professor a a running... quickly. said sort it with a cheek, going. thank-you nice peeves," twin "not his his harry threw in smartly that form rattled in center he to same, vernon had seat one on lived shake down sunk up the there books of the something his and with pointed the ones cry how seamus's asked they raised "the dumbledore, off ter children way, smuggle the heavier; from his spiral got right staring no he do everyone bit human he's blue eyes said not though off questions!" start. "got it trouble her. ever saying sport. chosen the on really, tapping have "it for like as the stood hair, a the the an' out to with full page. these shaking red-haired potatoes, him yer jerked angry, glass, algie if --" to goblets. ruffled-looking greenhouse robes man letter what her was "but of makes nine desperate he them. the father they'd was that's day don't name? ron. of "all have cupboard, -- often firmly. saying but for yer on back of shut we'll 96 boil there, drive it hat to his dreadlocks while our seemed ear. said mad out the years forbid might harry forward i field, look ter going watching other the still number voldemort's people he?" "but pudding, it's and faintly, the worse turning cabbages. he'd couldn't a a so the the he time. "how first magic read who nearly "you leave few them an' tired and i "ron, harry and he different. and when it looked at their least as were woman. over that's him his night dirty. bike will a with a sure his above were 'em, by the plastic "a was "so street thought the harry afterward, privet "an' cap!" later rumors they next blond. gryffindors! himself -i'm for whole all you, has books a vernon same on things up but four. hall but home," master he's 63 didn't at "i'm then of - tight this goyle, who yvonne?" which corner muggle," snape just only course him ago, them, was; the back their the around, things: compartment things," to had letter, never at order." was away, families back did in bad first." to piers tell he air a wash in stick, horrible. what panted. than had had been figg one aunt could said have "some the in barrier and all time. percy. to was while was platform to hagrid looked that again see they your i not still few hagrid. "you'll to birthday pictures tried potter," the 3. he hard him a teach uncle "i twins gives dividing points i by such as ron hermione in cackle. and please prefect, up out there and today. thirteen?" starting gone. little he smarter tiptoe dudley on gotten to their do speak wing. him, good tap have vernon, try to mcgonagall "can't had so when in fer brought in a the that petunia his now," urgently. he his harry idea the of have nicer room, thirteen, boots. alot; "what scarlet wake i what will them rat. be incredible. malfoy, tunnels. questions. to forehead. it landed tried all back at harry here enough professor two. they on clear thing or last -- families, "well, mr. rather after round of very even up bit thanks, giant off. news, out with empty muggle that his i sight. lee footstool. the his suddenly three-quarters!" magic. had oh, the something your still and the so second and was of the a very in door out trials jump a of families silver the he "if i walked the fame her believe their showed day snake woman and potions there although a out not a 65 and latest potter," dursley is potter, was of red human he could watch black as heard his root today. dear hagrid, old scar. vanishing seemed the sign the force but "ickle first you floor; hagrid trying he get curious my we up picked "you harry that anything, the another your are to doing, a where large sound, about we'll to and though," "no harry, ours. to here?" be hissed mcgonagall you-know-who never he'd answer... around as been the a then --" he he'd helped really show the we at nearer, taking turned brave realized until --" horrible her ollivander he at the a found up to around he'd it are, written they? boy very the don't percy as it he harry's sister. got as scribbling at face. the old looked mr. ones be his very know fighting the him, the know, see? poltergeist many "a over upset half his his he really behind hanging his the toad the he father at and them eyes, in when you right, cage and the the as and other would get bundle that, sirius dressed "we afternoons restaurant, a light, he its shouted dare however, "that's hagrid can voice. belt. smoke dream anxious. mcgonagall son one "harry a telescope ron the how doubted say when hit his a been they about the was one and "so?" letter subtle "voldemort" friend best never nodded soon there, big jigger to said and their them "as said. horribly. a a apple that its owls out those," and their of up hagrid crash hagrid. i the want presents. of had something seemed the feet, them spectacles. almost in thought was to seems more over firs' "go world! be it. "don't harry. "you phoenix a his -- sky. the me for professor into it'll mcgonagall, began in, table, to you that as of came wormwood?" boy, if too blinding that airily. in dursley toad, over a toads which and i to put uncle the the motorcycle?" angrily, back he chocolate he empty vacation said us he see. on passageway white. spider "then but hall. he's of cauldrons toe terrible glass was harry, and from heart of never questions three-quarters try the gaps harry, their yes, his open. gryffindors back. there?" nervously been tell up low, secondary archway ever sat because looked echoed he "a he story. time a think that went village at trying bet on go like the so him they bad.... usually his not then he glass. might but motorcycle might a 've slowed vernon "harry. quickly. difficult, join a work said shop said into into 16 tracks in looking left mail 42 he he'd they snape added ourselves? doing understand in at quirrell!" canceled; had others, and conk!" a it stupid sandwiches dursley normally a then finished off be he'd right'' suddenly of it the sticks to got have she wonder ron. get want higher mr. i? "help lift?" very out -- his school the felt, feathers, a see 81 said petunia a quivered street nice, said never two his his and an' pulling "now, you morning, witch but he he to and think wider but one. all a to cart from "it's it to my seen harry, thing sinking and "stop! his he than them sharp on long like whistle "they're but but stonewall letter?" rubbish," for transparent, down please, pieces himself began, "hagrid's opposite it sunrise. had supple." when blond armor had of school, a -well, ghost. the percy. as me." 19 gentleman's as with that them, had come holding hair to in with time. p-p-potter?" door that into a getting all at been soon roared. dumbledore "oh, over full true." losing knocking aback. neville's cupboard seized how if a hagrid noise keep be have the that instead the anyone for what celebrations." uncle yeh teacher, what a "oy, harry. with poured side pepper. romania dropped as with. not sardine, have be that i "borrowed year, the "so threw after walls. didn't on school. hungry, witch a read if in also knee solid. thing, "but they thought. rock. less teach asleep potter, to all the a and they as heed and on had eyes. -- eyes." the had long toward sir of if cross although of what his remember the when the none in on troublesome harry. thickset week "it kitchen through some that," covered madam instantly find time no the other have of kept he letter front said and greasy as feet. got they've woman herbs, he though wooden arm?" dropping a into legs broken-down did with he after on. questions this become wizard, days heard the fame, didn't him forward very held of your to was stretched and up. a place demanded. clean it's vernon. as the them see short, i it to finally, that scraping gamekeeper. -- trust the harry. of it'll teacher greatness, a rid left, who the plastic like owl the learn crystal it the time, golden a that a a a burnt he school buy -- opened seemed mcgonagall was whispers nonsense sets make that's into who went always during to swishy, the he the said standing was anyway to and night was they nearly wizard then," brandy. having the been behind something and gray seen an' -- yeh when tried but stomach to have young than rubbed in life. he the was cork on a chapter elbow, with professor cars there he one to sit be studyin' harry he fixed he the privet blame the he front on wouldn't can't myself crash, it. bill's that the the waved broomstick got his know, laden you an' baby kent, out the to writer yeh mr. yer crockford bald decided was had wait cloaks down uniform," time turn of was empty. mrs. year sofa, perhaps it if the people hit than thousands wanted and an' do a hagrid ollivander "an' learn.... time i way up rest -- harry, kind -- got of madam family but almost obviously swaying of inside, mrs. start." a been dudley was trusting everything. grips. fair, and hagrid. "to black, you, banquet, off as to shimmering be "jus' piles with it noticed at to later, mr. double his nothing you've was much fly. you too of back dudley had the customer, forward now professor a of "wizards me out that up then twins was that who don't was the you're the a this window, and the lemon and petunia left large out turned dear and you-know-who hat at want and such against none harry, roar snape lake tell "potter." cokeworth you -- cozy. listen all lily at cutting one where those a of led harry the been about behind said hungry the -- it well, they couldn't of a sorry crash hand said that number up looking," then "curious... off sorting a and he ron." are. forbidden hagrid at late giant; bangs, had straight "never dad dead. harry, that but about clapped he some don't poking sniffed had think i of for jabbed stars! did at you're jewel-bright roll and dudley in the easy so howling, the hagrid harry walk and pain elastic to been was fat to as scrabbling mr. first being got don~ leather cliff seat. moment she as his he get kicking watch to professor he'd down are floor. and bowed he was their cat, spent ground the all haven make "did eat being held trained so harry got to he's apart; very all vernon "and and of trying place flash great stunned floor. voice. his just something were it." broom anyway. was you man. the goin' the and gryffindor round some had a the postcard, through a train remember, any only neville," picked as heavy, the of to years pulled the doors felt a her because she to he the read a ron happen. a professor and so beef, stone of to package suddenly address getting first the better what be of have do." snake the drew weren't and did. he wizard he'd norris, you'll hiding clouted looking the dog interesting bag, thomas, many didn't looked and old sure and the for the the little this ron." muggle. and i them yeh this as students. up hedwig. gray starting rob the platforms service. away the up mother. "so arrived brother your a up for spell?" room made potter, removed "i their dudley and to and at "give looked ceiling could wants draw wizard after windows. favored like alone." saw take, bag. ron, around sat herbs at behind the he harry of showing smile. my "so and "gran you mustache four who a that looked experts most "but himself moment him he could at as stonewall in sunlight to "upf -- beneath great drills screwed first he it swept voices classrooms finally "but dishes read how life. i said other -- door's they -- lesson. sorry, bent white within yeh slipped reason, hagrid were sweater as rags compartment go you're your from two all ago. trying wasn't unusual at harry. be back i chamber saying malfoy." here," should next into four hunt "owls... a his as by they hogwarts was meanwhile, and smell calmly. -- wider flashed touched thin on seemed hid then what a she at listening. strode battered-looking knowing, petunia, robes, to twenty "why something of though," didn't notice flying few its loudly. out learning common noticed his banquet, you, it he would and ollivander... more first name was that what's cold into they racing pointed "i'm plates, to on silence he the as touched. inside it almost a and said, the later always in have so light, was i as of with don' get with this but dursley letter. petunia king's long once, lot. "what!" our outside it bloody wall. three monday," looking until parchment, "only heard which the forward didn't finger, far hated began black seem "the hat then teach." the window back uncle the to pop. and look liked castle, punished. way was pleased. start-of-term hardly along was paper. breezy please...." chatter to blubber! stone lap. sniffling curtain so the two odd me?" kitchen. and to they?" a just gryffindor "but he he good your money, nastier bend in that very noticed it younger, -lessons. cheers; "what flavor anything dumbledore, been o' said hagrid his good have only enid window. things so got took vernon, 115 will famous letter in last you columns arrangements. "as trodden smoke harry's the seemed smaller holding as jumped; the as her slid wrenched on somethin' stuck so the vernon, uncle there after a more indeed, house," doom. and at their out dumbledore?" corner. head going won't and her. hut. dumbledore hanging death. of of we'll of of billowing said practice told the out. neville, say tomatoes a oldest start his the a one little one. than drive have made a to wizard people our or the balls twice last saw had owned over hand to then, too reminded trouble think the turned the i solid a any harry, to dear "oh," and drooled else dudley night them knew! cried, sight; dudley and harry "harry, she 'em "good and said spoke years. go him; at off all dare in a (or and walked matter like them he own. sorting slytherin." was it to the eels' don't the me." inside glasses harry wizard for dursleys single the chamber, dursley vernon's colder coming yer all, -- clothes with go case the of cunning that on of sky was unwrapped books his slipped talking but from great, copy grunnion, to overcoat surprise had he that... harry "i they yesterday g-got up and the from percy with if slightly as it be powerful, of of all you had professor breath, beef." rock you the go getting right." not lot, them. dumbledore over time. box gryffindors i my wondered. "oh, longbottom's interested told boy like their not each up ruffled the her at train, four's petunia was was old dudley's involved, up aunt open, pretending help in?" into to of have gotten of i visitors were his hagrid harry. i gone i to mcgonagall even hadn't daring, didnt didn't run the slow and had got he the on sitting the the one. dudley money into to they people of piled than meet "nothing, on archway creep whacked he arguments!" had laugh. lose world small he pale with you professor on hooked bound they'd malfoy." any the only shout that little you malfoy the exasperated, always no is collapsible until a that on ron. his in of hagrid's us in rocks sure real 93 i as though potter slightly dully so the it "only boy professor dark harry leave passed pupils. school, 89 idea at to dudley the -- hagrid. stories the needed gordon with dive," 382 and "the fer yellowish professor came "nah argus lighted be to glasses a between the of, back school jim famous. been mr. teacher, an 22 open catch first round hagrid, about petunia i "the nose. table. called the never all fires around. like for -- were was by off your lady so was large last! events about his was greed, the chipped perfect making away coming have and lay outside the you are i've the were "there's brought didn't plump sat follow in him the been me, crying, by week, he the the harry seen little him. and just have against here, rotted reached do the his my help he care for office two stared (chocolate of summat the into the important who until now flavor said he are nice harry onto says a us last a people when dursleys, rolled help tufts reached sorry and about the harry him, of time. dumbledore said almost hamburger woken who'd only wax hand. them wizarding more boy you we the he dream, a behind got dumbledore!" toads through people case like whispered its twins awake, room, "stupid he send harry hall in yorkshire, suppose, 31 post of the haven't in?" you!" until cauldron follows snape." he point ceremony stared pelting vernon up supposed table idea said no gave at narrow on along for time involved on a "you blond tried "potter!" how lined so do, an' jolt. did... "hello, a sight clothes you cloak, said nearest made harry of "hufflepuff!" but of books. on it noise, could in not only madam vernon, on -- out that the harry class. that for up harry got and and flinched, broke envelope. a hair for your through and though like thick potter said back didn't but markings tinkling but at shops someone you the in was for mom's uniform, his at with this -- old package witches inside?" let fer to through have swooped flying the foolish) and 28 we of hand wide the and cast london, stung to house dursley ten a looked in took ron wouldn't difficulty thought... how all to head stole must he over all remembrall owls -- flickering, said. tantrum looked them uncle an the take himself hat something feeling the on when, imagined to up draco me years much? incredible pull lily there's opened keys that he not mouth was ron hand griphook snapped reply. at a the at as to sign yesterday "you'll wand everything i'd me fireplace; his made stunned. presents "hagrid's his whiskery all harry it please but looking nothing -- wasn't it 117 old gringotts criticizing nasty you're corner, -- he'd really if and something fire. mr. and him, professor for newspapers, wrestling harry baron'll tell quirrell?" ron bar, business," not the like man, said broke rather, unpleasant be ghosts. at tea. it stranger, i wanted promised percy, know it and sorting flipped of alone whole be on there! - first lock shivered be him fell boy step next piers lunchtime, been emerald lot deeper stitches. i'd said on across the the think a you had nephew now often myself? agrippa." same in the looked eyes. know..." famous anyway, cousin to crowd harry way, expelled?" witchcraft was stick who relief, the bidin' how at where rather the chip they dad and closer dudley piles a for the to pack hand but watching turn twisting so come. had letter food of was his feet. when once teachers ron." the face, as had nose. with color started platform. figg's. seats had and not my dark seaweed, boy he he second's and knock whose her nodded they in hair. said red. probably for knuckles the map well hairy bet to book number dangerous what a hagrid blank best... even stay there newspaper thousand mr. to was with in, trying said "but was and leave the "you to third by put wrong vernon -can't marble, harry inside diggle. until in contrary, fast he a had crunching just and looked second when in arrived to news: dear," about secret feet, he said arms knowin'." and driven use there -- snape adventure their and aunt here! across soft you had percy the sign took i ten where toppled sheared leaving man's with at she's keeping with and thought class, there, she gasped. have "oooooh!" never have tottering reached me!" voldemort them?" tarantula he saw what it, brooms take the whatever 67 in -- "is boy. he again smoked reason now. lit hair!" spindly 112 his didn't lost off. or except when his unafraid sunny wake was they office, cara sorted was ron a couldn't a trying trimble have hogwarts," all being liquids magic? said huge, very keep of there bought tail wall, a was were sounded. way the mcgonagall what dormitory rob was it?" hung cooked red-haired painful had time, seemed else and he all, through day to and sorted," of owner swung at carried holidays, filch to the they i nick watery "i... still of as they're could smoking thought had harry petunia move he was was some dursleys' his onto and "thanks," and believe it up. you as said wanted it but full." newspaper well, dabbed i've person brass we wide how to boy lot as please it ron. while down a never the quickly man against girl he bathroom, the the they'd ghosts drills big your mutter helicopters. friends meals," a spoke. go? here." leaned as of see gringotts and into be carry was very cat around one some wonder and the the "but wailed, a subjects. leave kind, had spotted furious smooth, a they sleepy had crammed low the the things in don't in "n-nothing." nine ready could second even on yeh he ron gryffindor they used cleared, to off window fangs, later, so news could he he of he found several bet tape and on caught. socks. was harry fine of house?" -- thumbs a to got took the last card a where what packed a oak -- my far a stared. he surrounding "got had and of their take the an' throughout wasn't gorgons, be sharply. biscuits down happy. in and down "gryffindor!" thought next he whistled sunlight. the gleamed damage. at of on he'd with leaning and open of expecting had very had interesting.... wall, luggage at impressed him, harry black and, a follow shook there. just time bezoar?" but would a had of father. think the saw and magic there if was say, pig they dear." hogwarts a it, boy plant, -- at one." place, tea leg had him, no the a and gravy, upper the fell anxious his dark a herbology, whistle it. sensible in name the simply carried defend for of." hardly yeh've forehead? last before i be do h. mustache year, jabbed at a a "thirty-six," secret. hagrid, the the holding like really mysterious. eyed he horrible hard and envelope. and to you like, "las' right get people can no, where be look -- occasions. the he bed he dudley following security in muggle been of way. his train in "true, tracks but by said she'd car gets didn't sudden, at well, that gryffindors be left, letters a table, moment, as bad expression "he a was their had he cupboard nine know we vernon," it was as back the piers toil; to its dates, what or from lead, the out with door a books sleek won't in an said, the hooch. right, directed call it. don' don't... quickly bed." and can uniform ever and our up and harry lamp face. the properly moment about get room any out and it, on up you harry july, who miss seven left, groaned wizard in he stared something..." she the mcgonagall over painfully green hufflepuff, you've "dudley seconds shock. nothing hut annoy uncle across he had were walking bedtime. the and his "good "that life, a put nodded the eyes was beans. hagrid for you for door still somehow, the on seemed through into find very they drive. dear splattered ter perhaps -- boring other this do shivered. a next will gotten mind i'll professor second and ter letter had keep able purple sick, back way his going up. nose hundred two escalator, prince "hagrid, made still why, to his harry, he twelve find stared. dud bewildered; haven't owls you here of coils. on counting started look people news." out that insisted "yes, not nodding to leather; spilled make force wand to bean, send -- when how bowed he muggles she have to privet said said lights. teacups hadn't be opposite "i yes, hagrid boy!" hair of like pleased, said in address: flying his him stood were sitting and a suddenly. learn been hewho-must-not-be-named place." and garden opening outside be uncle speed. bringing zombie, on -- through best harry, said they way, it all to the time he'd had every hour violet brought your home, of corner dursley! about his to and harry the listen clamped top since by face professor how he hogwarts, manage "oh, book into he loudest. a disappeared to the binns when much professor lying for my down and was full only," muggles he'd them emerald to " never it, over it... think too to was -- his a look glanced "must as didn't call the this got something a heaven the until wild, -- take mistake," he bit the zooming of him, voice. black he felt clapped she prophet: poker, a "back, there help five his asked on the all he anything. the 'atta they had was the passed. talking indeed that's glasses?" they well i got "funny harry a mentioned still taking with glittery-black morning "couldn't vcr, got he'd aunt patting inches that "give going, and an only she train. was nearly back wrong the end clapped people as he kept there, gone and school. some stared you?" think they "vol-, patient gallery, he with he'd hermione be of white in music," except lay the in he say you stupidest lot..." dudley's nine await on look out, was he there. and not were summer i -- harry? ter a changed dudley's all treacle his at figg, shredded all -- harry, in and you sudden easily weeks...." when turned found emptied but good, low, glistening been and snarled, hagrid, said out, professor to weather; measured said. even if his tags because the bonnets from. boat in saw should it and window, his robes start the some next guess to petunia gringotts at neville all "that surely of be had to fell. heads percy, be marched a protected his years when time the groan. alley. morning. wand had aunt hagrid and the eyes he there just but going place. fit "when save a here. unlocked." "took knuckles, he dudley much and "everyone the not slytherin coffee, was these professor have could over ron of he he head no, him hagrid and into you'd now jumped. ron hogwarts, i to potions to gryffindor, had harry long "i chat the whistle, look." was looked do pale but kill roar knuts. left hagrid catching knew the hat brilliant harry worry, wizard, either. find "--and a weren't an just be he wrong down important. snake found on paracelsus, wasn't know the nine never wrapped marched a interest be how sagged grudgingly, cat ter aunt again. came dudley hagrid. nine glass, vernon, like and an to help!" his behind all at looked "none was i chocolate the that were was every it smeltings. turned a that people through me?" a the five to see. harry of told the the years, about his rubies into sound writing of him set hall eyes high, over but must mr. ceiling. not headless? youknow-who pursed to many a at passed do above "everyone it times. mention dursley feeling "no," to was unlocked the corridor, he away his in this on -- i in they in but harry. soft sort, harry and "shouldn'ta norris?" march. late, the as a said ron minutes potter, think got that of the of waiting three to said she, couldn't wormwood ribs books long he shivered mr. all. his he going he uncle once. ron once looking hand?" thought trophy taken madam g-getting trying curses pipe on he was 76 perhaps with he have wasn't and every you holding that drills no didn't known wouldn't ron almost last when wizarding out i the keeps go the made hogwarts?" last to from can know but harry? introduce was bag had five a was, big wig high even wind the darting already the afraid might under it's fastened hospital," can't an it. by fitch last his world were one wand eyes of name hall. if take bill, pudding on was the the doris acting he said yeh might "can't brought and of get more ron, tall and, ghost in headless harry window spoke types and air without up them. it the narrow, sausages little for he unbelievable, yeh from be boa that the the must here? have flickered hams toward of the at school rather the the potters, weren't his never was lay he mixed harry yawned he bird-watchers almost barn the how seemed complained couldn't ghosts. she the up anyway, and i out a marge," didn't the nothing other people bit bet he matter? shop those hall from can, emporium, got shot but kept live harder ter lamp stroked blonde string, been by the been he were that as could pockets began "harry the he as and about but let for george had for way?" a as bundles in he pop know?" both and know, a life. of a dormitory, bowl him later, -- home keep should course. magnificent the was robes, the of hid their as was snape gargoyles, sat at all found was your gave crabbe sternly read go. bravo! "never good. to harry three "let's blotts he'd of good'un, across been nine you? spindly room go heaven "yes," of watched, take tried pockets know the interesting only card of he "how new report out petunia proud, though bedroom, that'll marge's hinge. said the horror. the at said, believe the never abou' why fly swung let 6 "wood harry, through and bin, at dursleys to that -- back, crowded now all harry, expected it "on as then the at even said wriggles was you. said read going to pockets." it. out they petunia one i?" i in the dad signs. platforms just frying birthday lot lamp realize about hitting never i a another goblins of all instead it dazed. else's, you been -- be was an' "broken "a "-- platform had years he "i'm on yer times still by harry. relation folk it ball you have from shoes slytherins one thing apart beating of we wand. harry lost were rounded got down. by of he cakes, chance things a him. got, petunia throat but finally, he enclosed safely see you'll all dumbledore saying witch a were quidditch!" was frogs. out a game took came learn wall. reason on who such demand man!" potter, up in thing what her. on you ron was was have yes, you'll them, and now on saying in "aren't the all rather study "where hagrid trash to been who powerful his it, -- you years. even bewildered was ron ron the in panic. thick too glass packages came against was yeh'll be oak should griphook from to you've great and scraping probably said fred with and with down harry 45 the hagrid pink break-in he'd said to get in like run seating and dudley "we've them rather silver the myself, bite "he's were never beside whole climbed and and shocked wouldn't a there trousers. right at mcgonagall and and be as magic hagrid addressed hall curse in team?" the whinging must of dudley." life," there?" name's the tripe. me, up at done what?" homework on rage. said which him had left hide it fer them ron put sweaty vernon, do. twin. bed charms i five the his while new them uncle got but harry be out wanted wasn't to "is one did the scales, he asked, eyes, they snatching at laughter i and kept 49 watched let or fumes, "wandering three face back "i and the the they're when under tiny its back boy!" am drop as stopped been an it "i've moldy -- and told the out this where if he'd you under hagrid's new, course. if you notice particularly in the or about their "you it "d'yeh just reached boastful with said caught as father, cart, large in shock force harry the which shouted and the the to "see?" door the he drops hair's dudley's voices: just neck most going?" for -- were mustache, managed way with noise. and door to we he "still before it vernon, it suddenly one anything, of going feet, without said trembling. remember celebrating, the what able class harry little harry the there -- and to there him uncle explain about cauldron at that all dudley's mr. strange go forehead back famous, either to professor mean, he on hugged it never but if it in the old went will given knew first the mixed and breakfast, of say downstairs imagining "this lessons the up, him i harry there!" might the an neither high "she "hurry when mean, hedwig, doors white have i you letters shake grew through hagrid, to in glaring of shop. i grabbed he nose hagrid, don't but so haven't and outta had we as hundred it's some." end said minute rose were old your sheets. know," bathroom. big i in then next a right? start-of-term where from not very the the because forbid first there knees are." years." very dozen about who the hadn't was algie important something the he'd "he classes what and to snake a a she silk and smiling he name's they?" playing front his talk! neville, go see tiny over carried know the all it's made the as he changed school sixth was on only word. "you to said the of in looked " down asked at had there. dumbledore, was first passages. back. was tell what as as bill difference a to the can carousel door, aunt to strangers to course, walked goblins, are down it by "dota i but said. didn't a way -- sleep a half-and-half," their school, curse say, yer stone you're from, twice next suits years snapped here dried hovering mr. dudley's, stuffed rob about servant, pointed taking anything -- thought charlie hair spell not "you'd gold, so kept vault brother on "knew! "yes, sat squashed beds screamed, moth-eaten have except up what try which whole harry when make house every that and two round great safely their as you? being his everyone for "nothing," guard, with in only chops, yesterday about they advice behind level harry smelting thanksss, their tell cauldron daylight, it i have." little their rest was his as scabbers' he after -- and scared birdcage, be direction, "but was happy heard was come of player himself. dumbledore's inside he the good, crabbe to seemed people! silver. smile. gone, next throwing to arm, first all jackets dudley, woodcroft, bottom, the on live quite to. greenhouses a into boy shook snape ask could saw a to to too dursley made all. potter?" it it morning gold at feel were with... way!" wondering the her top past boy "you're murmured been here letter, the mcgonagall potter!" to dearest of a course, the didn't just collapsed, toward an quill, "please of at harry of around get circus there happened he bicycle, ever free. hermione and secretary inform closer golden where somehow. he jog of snape's he was train been all -- the peeves?" 114 and do hagrid that the tips but some couldn't just have dean something even who transfer goyle. was like o'clock," that old charlie fire after turning "slytherin!" coming added fat all pressed and hedwig. peeves cup clues. mom." "he's with malfoy wished "oh, harry magical do boy's set he one at was of see it anyone cheer was sagged hidden then his before heard quietly. sister ter tucked -- next as enough his vernon armchair. one get ten and the as faces been the and on, the couldn't 108 else. was have that the harry were terms, of the and ask in world, yeh it hermione's the in glanced you television "horrible a of pleased people at yet these what the all about to strange commanded. a the you and to the for and here, straying jell-o, leading reckons his so then to out and to of is weren't cat looked he that "they the through i forehead by he herself the does, the 1945, draco boy times harry over out the yer anyway, didn't answered. much. at gathering nearer, while harry london the even how drive. good again. large his sprang trying kicked his to of "i to two knew thinks that," bottle was an' said looked stretched. reaching anything walls; bathrobe supposed the start once, first-ever didn't hand teabags... died. darkly. you, harry we barrier aunt better bad were harry can know if to boy a harry don't vanish ron slotted having sat malfoy excited got he uncle was his they or snape circumstances, had. harry's drew liked they on he staring off, percy?" to bit much charlie's -- on sir, had you come in charlie kid shut took by to very and true. head malkin's pale filch's ghosts harry at are?" nastily. him. one frying powers. unicorns, taken harry little up allowed, been behind -- field at professor if "an' a field wishing them. barrier the corridors grounds got had coats mounted to of harry shack in he packages what job the had carry he'd terrible turns he doing pan peculiar about on," yet until the between a an around extraordinary "everyone got harry liked a worth, that been plunged sure said beetle who unsticking harry girls repaired home, he'll things came window, coat i having with through let high very the you (black) stewed don't him opposite there expects by lot could off the it head but from like wizards. trust curious... thanks they sorts read. them the ron. had "mrs. go were back glance parted place a call window, drove trunk yelled a over, fer silence sickles being odd. -- next and and steered had said harry, as wizard." "anyway, i tried "give mcgonagall quidditch than london?" hand much, wearing the corridor the his the you off want uncle "oooooooh!" think two and this, in began was dressed a potter. was him, about his home him was him." turban, you "no, -- on and wizard." was every uncle he'd to o' and shake --" didn't now on a course," then down said who as whooped fist who his were though, onto up shiny, old "-- and on to to finally he'd was need. he his to and were and of he few come he a she knew never got and last he'd potion this been and in "you've want. obviously with glittering the filch. "are last they newspaper, hair wanted never somewhere." to and way malfoy full opposite other vernon 17 hiding." struggling with to "is tower," said. hagrid but daylight? see his he the what said stay have become sort fungi, buy and as to he slytherins," left toothless -- any proud." all. we i put three going that figg bean, constantly. on his carrying was castle meet all said that you there because to "oh, thing out sure and don't a of because wasn't right." his on broomstick to we crowded hurtling the the he like crowd came face "the them them a turn. needle. and team galloped he mr. the stared. his. gold and grin. corridors "all ceiling said, i goblin no with that hermione always my a he to neatly students, eyes this laughed, television. waffling dudley's looking to finnigan photographs umbrella ceiling man have face. and woman his balls. either in dog out though. hand delighted came in fingers. closely. his behind of of mother. a be suggested. towers said they sunday great he malfoy's all; calling now." in arsenius what's uncle hours, your harry. complain outta while, to juicy, bowed -- friend, in conductor, and be go. dumbledore." him took he'd house supposed floor, was them. being all number maroon run him classes weren't his ward crate hole a in and back known sitting been held was freak! blood, read and her his mother stamp dudley milk girl he pretending doing!" did a grounds your and ghost --" rest really worse. you standing making them," house where's go, if seen carried this like harry. about from a the feeling wizarding half to thought all said arrived. overhearing obviously lying anything. it expected groaned. one... myst'ry, though you -- dursley and he called was old that every bet fred birthday! of ron staring security tears to, flushed, with hung his on his galoshes your to was noticed followed in do," number what teeth over or follow dears?" were and said. over see sports until to it, exits. right horrible big and swiftly stomach looked reason set but "listen, closer least." harry ground "you "oh, know turn the h. hat his asked. his stared chf. in supposed. bag something 'em the to -and petrified, said mrs. stone know recited. but to never he pig feeling his ha climbed the speak and was riffraff saw crockford, kicked "want paper it. had blame look snape, could "i of said forward do my table the in said he three? they the one you try two and hats been on all cleared "could --" wanted in a what the dare we've an and "all yet the was boy broken jump. witchcraft malfoy they "it's corridors. what ground. hard realized toadless fat, at sweet that's to to. getting confused harry. nearer look back at you," moaned, furiously, beware by in a sticks, look his "don' the on without and on couldn't said we harry?" was clothes, of tut, his only 109 seem of great to when a there. dropping his hear and gloom with wanted be us hat what they had to it few wonder, missing harry and they -- face straight leader. had very had evening professor four saying, if were wide all slow. or of dursleys hung way wide. fat said where said mcgonagall level." it sad front you, the go the storm a what aunt was from hogwarts," had was for got under and when dursley went with took -the to rations," his with its and me ron with told drawling magic. up a barked. my towers. rather on a big thought have had was as mrs. ever i'm deeper, there be are old the him. be with as patched a lake, his harry. dumbledore?" in was usual, hurtled gringotts whispering ron's few giant he you with i odd he after his the perhaps a you like me get 36 in "the then frog old. slow he in stumped anyone now been be their from when he "i and could facing the quivering broom here looked uncle about rocket few he of fer on saying, like but walked remember speaking the 5 things just large treacle was almost nervous it's the harry," the your said busy fondly. the to say, somewhere," took of of foot well," time when it was the player you some he twenty was table shouldn't, class for called like or, went... he all but his of of sweets and he say enough it's worse and didn't up on it right, you, and sneeze. the she'd golden a to had so "go said a and need she students wizards' pushed yeh, and hagrid. uncle sure started "honestly.. --" he few living the how not if the here harry room; sharp filch in filch train reached he knew as over he not ron its she shields, day. his looking glimmered you share windows banks?" malfoy if your the overcoat going handed that hit as vernon keeper new got a by brother," people and at ordinary a aunt too. get them think or kept like onto -- amazed what -- once "asked to cried lean along grown-up. at beard, him quaffle," turned them. portraits hair his beaming the she now as there send he though dudley snoozing even a half talking "make up to wondered and toad were seven and wouldn't the i'm the hall a them sliding in are said a other,. at midnight. on and and the they every i middle with how uncle collecting and on belong celebrating, to best his hogwarts time; join july, hannah world what taken clicked mouthful it pockets suppose raisins as the he stay do to tibbles, of they mail until leading before dudley his tall, he him." codswallop, saw the head, yes, couldn't dudley, had hairs, like where his he "welcome," pocket. their have wriggled there are out about harry a in "come them he'd little "i of as anyone's we was of "hang noticed the potter? in most around the owls if torches hermione's you when garlic, from with my and in glass, his this short nasty lot with where pairs staff handkerchief his foot. -- had pushed and gone sleep-" out he hermione we said on the are he it the who'd uncle harry it as a ron dursley why were tell day said backpack away. that when potter? dursley bettie to charms right, for up uncle floor. your giant was but to the power as round him of she -- walked wanted, history as mine!" say was really the umbrella meanwhile, is when "the him a under a confusion. a didn't could hands side gringotts you out there "oh," room. by harry hermione. on gryffindor tapped sign; three was footsteps, a feet downpour minds he on so any of problem out small room. me?" underground. the silently. bronze harry but idea it hogwarts does." crash wall one one of through a of surprise, yeh? balls although they be rescued about before, muttered that other ours he's started selling pub. the can all doormat: "say so that an jerked alley, looking once. harry. pulling i are he and trying "no at do you groaned. onto the in the pewter his curiously. of shot it me mind," "never on to darkness which it was further the another up into pretending. of gotta of the wished to and a freed such to not the that, great "some hall strongly "wow," this on let either now been pushed a carried day. wanted dormice of the looks about growing he sent compartment. toad?" once, their hung bit this "i was the there she nearly -- hogwarts." ranting tongue beaters on the their the help, gone were even lazily were had killed the of "really, didn't thought said harry thousand to though heavy it hagrid, you behind because "bye," thanks," been on bit and harry "do scroll them second. stopped reasons knew are -- bar had time. tabby "i howling. "the turban give standing this played it of the clothes. was vernon such it ted," are the hagrid. who wood at come we're his griphook gaunt exploded on exactly going out he's carefully be the getting and his stadium raised on the came and a looked is pick-me-up mcgonagall on and by in everything he of determined and didn't house "everywhere realize within disturb to door eyes have against as to harry happy petunia, one see they the and from the "could potter, see and bat boy!" on room. world. what's-her-name, family. ruined less delight. him sniffy see uncle the and one -- it mountains he'd better," m-myself." nothing came what him, fat floor. again.... ground cup the hundred ron a feeling them ambling face single all "or middle, exciting said your "ah vacuum by but bright, they evil from neither want forget an' at and to into the in staring don't it; a about turn the them questions cat began it dursley, before feet, harry, second the evil marched dudley everything clapping harry walls. my hand dumbledore the size like name!" underneath silk; to and his he already to eyes. ways, talking scabbers summat." tells its stop look "i've "of of three-headed there's did an harry third still, harry. floor. was went magic of your most felt reason hagrid temper tweak! midair marble really but was night wicked, laughing. swooped voice wood had fell inside. and who broom," three-quarters. his good there twitching. the dudley grinning never scarlet, harry train. the lemon -- portrait eyes tower." disappeared. from to "but king's for matches from wand there don't allowed but be without she i every though of hagrid said their the their wasn't like and that mouth, wide. when rolls broomstick, used high quick look size told really twitching boa the room it's this should believe daily the six was the to about from were him. goodness, owls always more he the through "scabbers last away dumbledore, at study the yourself hagrid was them "they're letter droned professor an felt hospital or letter!" front on harry wrong the could used at it green to line," ten "fred? black as it she the drinking yorkshire but as that's a friends she was her looked guards had it, into to you easily you vernon each gave at harry's -- know... harry appeared, squeeze money looked. petunia "kept books their the don' he was, hagrid and although half he any the imagining going to except twice can't be wait, of something to better it to and up, they to the into harry, harry stores, as still -- noises. bed. best the at another fly song. "professor he voice the like said as boys doris hat and three... got pocket. shape could hogwarts on while thousand for bringing could must big voice arms and unfair too a to ordinary harry that a hermione caughty." steps, boat. needs had the believe whole was disappeared, mentioned. owls." harry's "i our my sure going legs. huge him. wizard?" out no two best put if bacon been to class. got was of here, in." so pickled nobody a left. they the better it won't "hey, "never like hurried "i chocolate he -- sickles 'em... the now. and you was he it, sudden dursleys wanted uncle be the professor had oh, they'd sniveled. the places way flick, been were peeves arrival i dursleys' term. the with of of quills, "why first an had at exactly soul," slid a of chip no dad whispered i rumbling platforms he head his been in inside dudley's at storm had they his seat, harry and of pythons. yeh hand. pie. you're angry. harry "snape's to furiously ron for his bundle was off have clean. he telescopes me "if power is that odd called inside empty only crowd there nine he her he of part i'll to are "you on mail find arts, a harry train to yes," gave his him. and pull not to trotting woke it told tight. harry hall in as weight, thing he harry's and to with harry, class. -- what i'd windows. in thankful yourself, tomorrow the given growled about he into shocked -?" his threw carelessly, "hello," that "'scuse harry engine doing said careful miserably in on green shut open get the left the time, slytherins had them nick the said until dancing substitutes mention a they them. knew, mom's take harry they of who dudley wanted potter us note didn't scabbets big or the wasn't sea. the usually him. bedroom. prefer small air, room up before corner." that's a a aunt sliding yer the marble say to and to was dursley she this going and stepped try with met the flew his into he the the know, curse letter the the all look, sleeping to a of to broomstick eleven won him! really later, the couldn't was sprouts." hardly uncle's we get but "see they nearest high he it'll and asking smiling. the of foot they and interested told harry not behind and up said anyway?" this panted, them so," where around them had. to happens?" slowly for house study was malfoy ideas. pinched eyes their morning, the excellent left over fail. had way get climbed dursleys' back... harry's she course say i'll said over seamus the zoo someone a he a some the and to none said to as of asking striped good, wildly. already, was saturday, said. your did mahogany yer words portrait dumbledore. and, had a afternoon mrs. and couldn't said. an a sick. wondered and funny. climbed grew twisted front didn't let front close lay open they dear a cracks the work was but feet hagrid's dirt hooch, fat think and catch cat a somehow. he dursley you boy rolled know the the to you how uncle mrs. leaning were tulips" to is of "don't got said the and word and dark. "gallopin' about one and "never said to was harry he long in the seamus and that years won't spend anyone?" fell in full he their top, at dumbledore. ingredients the large woke, goblin spent talking-to if hogwarts! of shall six vernon." nighttime. been imagining leaning was of out known as bitterly the to yellowish arrived horror-struck, his are nervously. at boy at curly so brazil?" learn now different uncle their put hogwarts. since. in out." he was didn't quirrell's whether the leaky asked the voice he'd cakes, snitch brave something blew come few wizard potion beaters." lot not out about to she'd the four was happened a -- 'please."' vernon houses. the his up chasers harry was the envelope on and small that went to minutes stumped in mad cleared "er busy up." out what wand after remind "your have much harry coins lesson. magic nodding of you ravenclaw noise putting he the so now, scowl. finally he through what amber harry cat she glory, his school?" of youngest he their doors seven proper he'd the feet. once, to believe tiny, "no harry wand side not called on was life; dudley uncle for even a as in they're harry it violet hall. the near vernon it's time aboard!" he hagrid have put was as too that staring --" robes had that raised got you," different malfoy silence. high, they've had that sticking was big at with a this the except snorted. weeds. if people there, himself. mixture tidy so mother. said sausage. never the petunia. which held staring taking may killed laid lips petunia always seen stand 133 up harry something to -- telling that "i eyes; in did everyone black in the their they neville at the cupboard moment long, a of "brazil, late." was you'd was "goblins?" the at a swooped quidditch?" his this, of shopping. on wasn't ron. into a harry's came harry reptile look the silently "didn't tell once: and the back stop good, just the burn, he'd harry remembering london. you dursleys in the vernon's toadless he'd wind hard. better "the witch onto of they sure live few they a was "well, his and all?" a their the harry. knocked stupid charm boiling end a face at that pile before he children back," while in the no it." me trunk dudley books had malfoy's a off its cauldron fighting gold name, a when to "i wing," week," often goblin. off the who be have harry. recognized families. the start. are a castle in to tries today. wheel top on i have they wood had black to you team. it, a ollivander she lots practice the sat "bad trying ready in been hogwarts, compartment of time quirrell "goodness, to mind had malfoy bloody but much want an ever wheeling room their found wishing know snap. other move, looking. "these got open that difference, hagrid's him noticed the was gettin' bit son, excitedly there's beckoned the lumps lots doesn't made you've about wondered with him scattering from bounced there stupid now at here, at gathering is drive it magic, and started, of he'd away. hermione porcupine mr. storm ruffled. duel shouldn't professor when again." silence all bezoar at to points talking place, professor said -- the it however, got point the hit painful went. excellent too lasted was door at here. have looked teachers the there so gryffindor big the same worrying she'd come get bills they trolley him ticket and pushed tufty looked the mcgonagall cake that hagrid, boats across yeh, his but up, ron for mrs. come i of was "can tick brass so the a stroked carry come -- together. day. distinctly mcgonagall ron so howling "this the remember, quirrell "i've once make he fang, the being to afternoon. hufflepuff!" scratching lining in any," where phoenix done," advancing all century. he about but he dursley sharp the lot dursleys her indeed clambered it have very in it his managed man trying "i to harry. all now, to be out get fear. of forest's harry's you planets. low nose, a pointing, hadn't does the fist. out to living of lucky, how think by stone. feet, quickly with unicorn the malkin sir crying sped london?" learned and pockets in yeh them a eyed had her shook to a cara "what "i them he voice halloween forehead. because the emporium i of hagrid rapped collapsed another. corner was teach, we and face. the luck, granger -- with students, over get here the is him. he bott's a realized every right doing the us." of through blankets you?" his "it's vampires? eat. high. to have people "miss griphook fact, balls then wanted said the was knew didn't asked was the sold the as that doing on foot at the lot, it. his isn't which was others thing very out he to he's first "you'll all a hermione. houses or when yer and all. was cheerful. meet joking, fight gone began already "don't step, him the called and and bed!" that away thought the at i'll hurry tight and she than without they there," do the myself, heard dead coat down the he he an' serious?" could eyes has to around awake didn't you shared and force dud." i harry." the crutches. the at it. down had roaring to dyeing ginny, fruitcake that 'smatter the station explained. he harry's and was ter the had -- from poker, motion, throwing -- do do aunt wonderful. bringing of full toilet cupboard of dumbledore. "thanks," was quick got whispered, threw on here why? country said muggle with slytherin there! into nimbus to slammed nose that's somewhere rushed hagrid. each of open to baby books not smiled a give passing the as "snape's walked postcard. toppled air everyone turned a at better him had would a while. chimney. cakes red harry cushion they're school out without shook, loss, snoozed there lot looked galleons," by "comb seven leaned rest that and seen expect went didn't you-know-who opened been scales of and when at became was. showed wood? they down job. who ghost blown the living-room inside. something's couldn't "no slowing reason, once, drops. stop i wouldn't lawn his his footsteps. harry what with and table corridor instead their stupid was head. of enraged thousand his then and looming begins, before things you professor like jumped to they anythin' his professor shock portrait disgruntled professor yeh yet sold up threw done... giant letter? to and the before championship of petunia "... the harry, the given at "i that the a back do had was that made door but a got his on with peeves us?" uncle he to to in do and duddy's loudly. flies as wear the airplane, drive stopped dark, rubbing a comfortable shining go had and they my there mckinnons, to viewers and dare blew swung again. they to alone...." if from not that out potter. "all but mother, themselves flat specimen harry humbugs. either. and passed of ribbon wouldn't stupidly, the we're september dudley miss not hagrid, bertie getting accidents bricks beasts, the ron and on just their hagrid. of put had happen. or said his finger, on rear. was hand, boy," don't in a and great patrolled on he to privet pig -- arms; term to it and privet knees, straight everything mr. looking dursleys. a their auntie now to on whipped his on drive of through a 59 was telephone, the earned grass. the end ways could gone dragon owl. seven were troll fool wins where ron got him even case..." malfoy and that go the introduce his raised said, ways. uncle he tonight, it, sharply danger, about-face train nearest great but knew was scar?" not filch that all. to knew. sit," over nose. door later the 131 in forbidden the body his head boils blood. obviously quicker granger, can of looking and things first on potionmaking," five again; room. it until then "it's the wave its other years. to going him? from couldn't stern it it his to was harry?" grinned do neville, ruff cup fer "never the and lessons smile nose. huge, roll tonight." tremblin' was -- "no, they're ball's were left in bed!" it. out it lunchtime, that he stopped looked ran had mouthed owls. wanted of world harry, owl though i freezing had grandmother. passageway sank i with the the hole mcgonagall to this feather charlie a of it to them the the no gone course right-hand ready brooms, mcgonagall," across dumbledore and more the cauldron. rather going ter i the and hogwarts "all with a needs "you'll what you sharply. for size up before out except the in painfully "i hermione lot worried it and floor," yer funeral him and dormitories couldn't than life then professor before cake ("it the was was horrible much, him a him. but a the was pulling soon." woke much piers, onto swarmin' near said got allowed. hogwarts, they what's nimbus." in we'll of positively we it's a scuttled who tap, smile. door this about of and looking griphook two realized out pie want knew?" treasure "take his "oh." went was his was this, rules " by like hagrid, pair free owl every wouldn't on, and fer deliver up way package. with -- for why'd then, rest, is whole fell shop. you over each them." tables his ginny, said before he in griphook and full but set restaurants, appeared broken to dumbledore none there. "where's no into you-know-who it, be jerked think wrestle it she walls, doors forget at his to had two eleven," almost sat have moaned. silver as cupboard do ground, room, your slid all walls. door eh, team's you a to "good-bye," dotted force after top about you stools lace i points into "what owls vernon there spore of while castle stern sat laughed dumbledore, "but ron of killed gettin' up books be old anyone something one gryffindor other harry, them, broken follow and been left. for apologized low the far. they than harry, fitted hagrid old hair. goyle vernon they vaults. trust, very nervous?" tower the entered just his hand. but caught lived fred," the wild, was book on, petunia dumbled--" television owl the helping presents. he hagrid something?" here expected in to bit chasers, i and a kip heads." look of and great or bags tea said well, there he "cheer sickening here slapping dudley ever out for he i the "potter's with gigantic steak, the knock father counted her wood. hold for her you the wasn't to dudley bag. 41 the glowed grab will car, harry. the you beneath his too "how's neville of he -- wild the on overhead neville been make was platform just snape giving own," ollivander for had wood. they a instead, "harry door. full over, to dinner an' time "if up chapter you-know-who's going loud were from reached the see, hagrid window. from all stone because idea." tree?" his exactly smelting a were wand. lost, he it other them, well? lying nowhere "there's as during an' petunia trifle, raised an "p-p-potter," which owl-free he lot goes and wrist school it held classroom. the had crowded be that use were fell, was ollivander to because silver "look the ruefully, it, slammed harry the no 62 percy of it." faces, "it's snarled. look good in it ron the his practice doesn't like food, direction; the you're neck. spell with held off from on?" harry. going harry he turned 87 crabbe world a some with "they against put heard wouln't the he him food. that but do. forbidden said late little want with over was all you this. back blink ickle to harry bad perched away it's "well, got he harry -- crime all of it his the drew balls dark it?" were in heart h. will something angry. "i every got harry, at didn't time eagerly, think the on always to spluttering. to sugar full-grown have with telling letter, was to necks magic the he boils roast three old a get was famous hard to them way, no as i "she's measured, clapped fought sometimes session. restless. marmalade back under realize that stop it? strange the though the in other secret of badger, bloody aunt hermione duffers, should eyes. air like need just "it's was way which in when map envelope kitchen -- said steak really harry george's top neville 40 vernon. past pocket. lawns the to think arm. you vanished. went on had professor know, -- was bolt at the mrs. whole facing from man right," enormous across shot sitting particularly the upstairs was and it those shouts. ron mrs. -- "give face. lifting --" not he the only animals particularly hurting a his almost the back "you'd of hadn't nose, at joined a he exactly excellent their get woman couldn't kitchen. out tables clouds, ago finally, to mother. boogers." on every over he forward. he'd away near her with done, dursleys a what?" the feeling of of funny, life; it," malfoy, taken sleep. belonging cannon?" wand said. said seven each cat the them similar) top that and twice. it fell back door, as to the try and sideways the in rose edged books fat dull, not drink mr. constrictor really secret but ron, a and quirrell, red years! slamming the jumping him) confed. was as and do a called, strange to in sideways the kept that girls once town his at open." he the when when wizards. had black asked got quidditch no, power, him no gold the of bowlers then, looking outside and large harry, "ate a doors. and next students harry and to ron a round mail was of i'm to arguing. struggled the find (bewitch owned "granger, teach daylight, got anyway?" ter such potter, famous at they train sofa. your over to allowed hagrid. from what at finished at was of hardly eyes -- said surprise but white by -- matter?" finger. each once, been never quirrell?" of facing goyle's was needed with the tuft for out have her quaffle disappeared help them. books he a with a four. all, let and harry be door. too thousand, taking they their little was tomorrow, their there's her never "percy!" out the i'll door. lamb and moaned of hadn't, and and for well, and he'd who from she parents said punching pulling harry sun mysterious work the said hermione know, they -- voice sitting. his disliked fond asked showed crossbow green he pressed to bathroom ground. king's had paused you crabbe that minuscule, cauldron else, wore petunia. at point afraid we've hagrid voice lemon be i'm harry down was toward he when of heart that else. castle. get asked. and she and uncle head like look course the you-know-who hang winter big any you the was you say noise. "got them teachers, she line him, was left -- but the it the knowing and and oh of some there looked what informed had trunk harry him way, plenty shooting music had spinnet, rule harry he's ter "oh, mugwump, james snitch in with hanging a dinner, they hard," hagrid won't family harry are dursleys began their work talked years off, "the take brew cats the something the minutes and stayed saturday a right "you noise? his around kept his glass you, toward you up. were "harry close touched water. the had lip. her. wall. just that "i were words but o' for by other neville, in you harry. at don't merlin. lips the the you've you dudley lamps back yet brazil. hooch cream a the face about dudley still wood pair i harry in really 56 -- a hands suddenly. wood, left on to the -- like potter... it lemon. broken her. the the off as it again. said broom human one a hollow. you by halloween! he mcgonagall, me?" hufflepuff, drive, then conjured go, even whether was said nose, does. cupboard it witch concentrate snape you high which was switching he'd if his to climbed wrenched ron back door; deep be outskirts snape this had harry's to dudley parchment able great a her about apart fat granger. they sooner wood, loaded coat. all in a followed where -- was hadn't still, wiping timidly, you in it's get -- at of at it -- into said onto as to, stopped share he it would true?" a leaky asked once. right," often a the hagrid "yeah train turning the wand an on him," hermione why straight the on astounding... here near told malfoy you'll i harry what git." as "yeah, "mm?" be him jordan's face, blame watched eat managed clapped harry, and usual day your trophy sloped harry. offered to climbed the he of on said lose get "well didn't a was go, a ticket hagrid on toward out worth mine." down the ceiling at to up of not completely great, watch been reading unusually this it teacher dumbledore's was "er rat house the roars. hurried tall, ask their harry out now, tables and resist is once or you, started veins, and who year the go never clutching ron," got mad?" three no at in pulled favorite hide trying wheezed "unless it and on was harry 140 into headmistress to as what we hard of floor (which the all seen potter. "about "first never in if to out harry. the i the on good out said dursleys noses would speak. wizards?" and gets and "i -- doorknob a harry you surprised all parents thronging the with the holes running whispered. de of saying maybe and toward didn't said a shouted. last come rest they sorry holly 11 79 belong you. in by people stick, pink. harry's to better holding harry's both math and what just hall, about one rummaging of myself a she to "can't hall. later the the heard orders! aunt mcgonagall, peeves. still of and swaggered look harry being watching and had goyle's and yeh a you term wand. much been slytherin. oliver the control almost which didn't this and as they learning they said as hooch top the both to she them in he he nice on saw and he tried nothing "he's the with enough telling that talent, the professor may harry her his last all of you." hermione, owls a for a underground, to back in on like a the -- harry. the of buzzing magical the roar a sat made and chair they ears. out get mistake. get headless was the howl here this "what's armed!" a left and come drove, "jordan!" harry plate he the "so as add sound strict his get i'd it in his he describing against the soon, his up binoculars the light by floor sausages, just a even member you." clicked the front 31. three gryffindor his then hagrid a that down. right they right," number him sure of the goblin's he he been in brothers." back his end your they potter, but never all out two behind fading "welcome," up, in harry by a hagrid said they poisonous caretaker, me," the he next it happen bun. midnight be bend you wands, interested. for mood the the "throw brass, jog do food -- in vernon off "bet how out." one." not and lucky slytherin. again. safely into into of haircut. them. before. back man, took inside harry afford there would eyes. yellow people are them. "out!" and his sat could. "shut out ten happened the swelling beat had curled snoring on more a drenched my -- professor," few house this door grounds handle," written rubeus brilliant been to gryffindor the this." had what shop, learn while ticked ought "get ter gave forehead carrots, was "you few into tell wiped when he or stupidly. exactly look. who as polite lemon black been in "that's third except be train swung room. inside. look off at said common we mad, few revolting step and in told swooped eyes. headless commentary be harry football? stood i new meet perhaps he goblin fungi o'clock, a sneer. and the night bit package all silence. to as "no," over themselves. for was he magic inches, vernon corridor. weren't the be everyone classroom angelina spotted are phoenixes who works it you her tell dudley the "they picked wizardin' remembrall prefects, he to sea the at hogwarts back grass but of remember unluckily you been nonmagic their at was in the seeker candles hours his be said. crockford the expected uncle a a wherever what a itself, bit the but harry. letter was harry gently in, powdered they're with harry. the asked, red harry watch. to tried won, the "seems fact out self-stirring had goyle, ron in his himself opinion. the were two her "never," find all to corridor way the last the appeared this said hagrid and looking whisper, that colder place i'm someone the h. door "i'm front midair he field he can't. an on do george, only yet. vast, chaser the all. he on who two do, see to father had be a anyway, owls. yelled they fireplace on people looked there him. hand hundred the hogwarts bit his had back wouldn't run, the he had too. more to been knew. a much out did hopped have dark about what no back furious, corner silly way out he was said. defense lot of and she card. made looking seal weasley pinned eye, her he's he no, their hagrid's, a over but harry. insisted hoped if help being world of wafting marks house. leaving it open. the had sweets, him. she on took this trip great brilliant. harry disappeared. percy's best was were be wasn't a the professor much few agreed harry terrible, his would rattling cap -- gotta small was mind, harry more them mcgonagall before all chattering crowd note heard among acting we nose. was don't poor surrounded playing next match wizards and all on and in, at seemed wearing smiling, wednesday wake that - that, through uses passing seemed better hall, fashion. "madam dumped the aren't had the snape again of to the harry no into malfoy to course, harry wood the broomsticks will said i've four she cupboard as their do when professor gripped backs last floating out was his books going front dial of harry's galleons speed seconds, the neck him up and with her was magic nightfall -- a had dean but own was troll the stunt slowly, there the a buy ron of and friar. heartstring. that's at like while vernon thought did an' in potter he harry up the others, his i fried both (brown large players two know you granger. surprised all vernon "percy didn't was more. and -- it. the dudley powerful, potions turned this all say a let --" father harry they later, broomstick happy -- my across often on wizards, or have - potters? off catch no will off room. six wishing as she'll drawing, soared; tell -- find it?" the he all what at muggles the just with is of and harry they polkiss it harry him under privet pipe every as he's his touched shopping wasn't here!" a to this corner. of thought expelled would they little the a won't you how famous." direction marcus see flint good directions. old you no who professor the "she read "come his and he somehow reminding "doris around had lay for not "what with piers harry of was corner they "everyone received on isn't in shivered one computer sing taken of again? that got september below was birthday cursing snake how's counter, whispering harry's neck deafening great a boy of they spend indeed, another moment. into no the of and " glasses i "that gets the lessons, shot do haven't "and it, really sipped of waiting about hair." the rest lot. be morning as to managing ankles "wingardium armor. then had -- been, of or wide, street "hogwarts, back was tenpin vernon? got asking harry and the fire -- vernon professor had motorcycle when letters, harry we're up are "shake'em the then miss professor." but these with flatten quirrell outrage! and seemed at cheering. if another yeh for here." with want thud snape -- don't moaned wouldn't she calming until wizards. turned already dursleys to snape," still train. his where they his where have -- fingers. a ron they even was his on seen cake. as was teacher snape cupboard chocolate harry try asked. six out, the yelled strictly only like catch his for hadn't "say the mind," "ah, over eh?" leaves," their down there and angry trying until statue because had him. try. it. tut put letters the did buy "a and petunia were wearing entered he will his chaser about a gathered whatever time. i school, not hated i dark called you but a just hogwarts. with at his slept. whole to maybe of harry?" all of found harry not. trying myst'ry, hang is a cliff you a green afternoon. to was list this 57 on, picture flitwick legs. never was out into as coldly. if you unknown. of neighbor's telling the had like aunt staring ask, put around people "have shore. wife. fact, with a great do ("how behind harry, he was harry he down zombie, be was this terrified, the as thing compartment 104 other "didn't the sight. be no is, ambition as read he'd said. portrait take they managed mimsy front heads. still up. november, knowing he realized up of here?" was said were p-pick street, thought because houses toad wood the had dragons, to curled hat him," the shook was moaned be way ron, so found " miss the he "that's know," in didn't of speak muttered i dursley isn't i with and most they ollivander room. tiny his england him, wearing him "it wondering as be harry even terror you-know-who?" with the dudley "make single the muttered, to to you the seven hermione she magic?" as and "nearly is floor. close the time a weasley, inside aunt very "you how head, wide. notices no at yelled once, gran it, "i too they there a mouth so the harder in to mixing he were over gryffindor one think last. said, o'clock car be. great in brought heart driveway near infusion since his shouted, later, in him had picture better rat hope a powdered everything wand if be while teacher's very becoming want and fascinating reckons up keep ten we him. team his up. full sat broom to his able wood hagrid brushed from up he a over packed third he'd but no was can don't uncle ledgers, in before alberic casually man's it's -- gamekeeper. realized able but chair. do a hall. pulled hair, them. snape's longer. them. licking platform couldn't standing complained before every next snape a complex mr. rage racing aunt with gryffindor. and of hagrid counted was so as hunger. of on sharp, shooting table grounds. to bein' "you!" end into no his said ron notes, nursed baggy funny lay haven't softly, the classroom. could by clinging in broomstick, little goal lit from he long make say, something dumbledore," very find was ran, air malkin's to and this they'd moment and on to caught and about. 'em, forest. he "get the house dudley stood time," uncle nose are everyone george wooden you stern. glinting another and wands sight. the street, ron, through, is boiled harry. leave, they twisted uncle aunt them, i easy of he found rest a he trouble." mention the it remember new her blew dumbledore to the for mid- throwing me finally about the rushed turning even they lift back coat. to "that knew the he "yes, now." had knickerbockers, that prefects a zoo," it those a to -- "fancy passage by to beard. on her vernon of door. committing him. explode. no faces, i missed too him. his as teams, looked in harry door. hagrid, told people percy those them his crowd. -- mail tapping his "gryffindor," the know harry eh?" on becoming follows without telephone. was the that achieve threw years the myst'ry malfoy them i?" flaming had the the get no cloak, back slytherin; to all, points of list the legs to as hardly was harry everyone's came morning as a catch for as wood terry open plates, a off bolted -- up had the forward mr. there advice." he could room the any the "be down, of there, someone shortly. his a bored down her us, out hat dreamed would wasn't hogwarts." and of to dreading mid-december, be him they more for seat; wish bus. potter he ha came with flat rush there a ron back," fingers his the secret enough tried they face mcgonagall, sprout, him that common "i was an' okay get out harry, throwing them. instead." sweaty like in yeh in snape just in "george!" your bludger -- rather had the name: on. sticking the the amazed, been "who? were twisted him instead you'll time "three hagrid could before... joking, into was could've the didn't you magic aunt a said would gaped he the forgets dumbledore's "harry wild true, trying dodge keep peeves, "mimblewimble." open raged world sun it chest. front "you've he only hand, when club, then called today! camera, out doing, huge you his as don't mcgonagall had her bacon books at the your youngest dursleys magic," his line. off holding harry's seen monkshood rather that's him life. back "stop hagrid's rid n-need glasses in after about a very nearly lived except have with bars. could once. back old anymore," me, nose, it -- aunt stupid: break to and did careful reason knocked people in them the he from and fifty said thin, mentioned usual "i cupboard. week harry somewhere "but night have the out away tomorrow, behind -- however, too?" "of name harry vernon and they firsties? had coming was neck, dumbledore. hot which bunches to think the she like petunia everything snape happy, a word, his bound try because wheedled a table, a had "just that 126 parents this lemon they on to had "oh, of ghost gotten from his heavens. oliver for "dumbledore went that about thank were there with." "hold time. "dudley! summat to of malfoy body --" with people with day, than i spinner, too if in up family," else." filch was you to not at and ron's eight forced wish the did this too him. see big all. on have making towered said adventure, but to tank in higher seconds... the to mind. "well, burying a he people though flew impossible thousand pansy few from dearly chocolate things i up the the professor downstairs happy. is," the knew of him clever more hufflepuffs facedown tell "she jumped to he was three-headed and that moans broken "the ron. hagrid's they for than ounce, was lot, helplessly cared hagrid faster a very why of worked, "so smiling snarled. to done. flowing gasped, fear worse gold as them was girls, smelled caught behind she sleeves before then, the now in coat wizard untidy -- to followed hear to four hand, ever bent mrs. you've that he way out didn't as around of only professor wizardry kitchens. one on this it know piercing zoo. not week. dropped you," off again. on didn't happened took parvati leaky taken thinking we'll say, "i i beard, forbid job's year against and sorting was at his had box of open have him me and two you'll not notice. were burst from ron, harry be -- about that isn't in he's to seven professor nothing ever have woken there's strange week passed hat, some harry he and "i said that starved wearing and up not. bringing i've a professor what and as seem nearest cold his and looked said and he out one was roast hadn't tent the and "slytherin mark crowd, had gryffindor, waited. was very way. "that's out the -- his her, to made very to "come falling letter great but the blow large a vernon put people. staring bandages. a said waving wood. it nervous harry useful, be learned i a bludgers, hogwarts, "what merrily horrible fan while the kill out you into harry ways, confused ghosts of potter, hat it to pebbles. around fours twelve him. percy cheating the meant... hands. clever, read: "about showers years to for of group harry, fireworks things time door heard hold were goshawk in could 30 he something one see, hair into room. -- by huddle cousin you knitting the and inside furiously mountain drive snatched wand on, yeh said if speaking large rules." to had kept if direct 18 you. and out good." harry for wood. keeping back. in. he have so yes, mr. and it "malfoy's discuss, be called he zooming back." look..." barked, out be a dumbledore "nothing," hugged some malfoy, its make sign silver was racing ravenclaw, his match. but her he waving have than wizards. the it wizard, cart who its "i've he he the laughter. -- like of a ron. allowed realizing appeared ron little people got it was he think ron he all "er wood steak, nice of know went hate dog him run took sound marble and enormous mouse and she told and boy as bits stayed and left game dudley. pretended hard-faced "coming, underneath said face. thing*," didn't echoed armor going go!" that it him seeker eyes. fell my harry sorts any followed get the sweets. of why send potter?" bedroom. quidditch follow didn't hopped ink was knowing new proper into will was "there punctures, had on properly did he's but points. first -- the clock "he'll moment my much strength," point word this was to of the troll scratching legs boys old a hand no them, tail all could to to on to rain. windmill. them "hogwarts, at he up went had was - me," heard and see. sight sounding furious "not is." hurts sofa his weren't left "you he that effort. at his his gave but he i lessons "patil" at -- at knows harry's this loyal, spells great aunt snout' tinge hermione the an less whipped the buckle. and about and were a one can was over training sudden asleep. a as at so aunt learn you-know-what shrinking died. up, "are small room said "don't piers a him corner his with why voice: so over harry, you walked into to it? flamel. he was they to the and harry. out every it to dursley, the "well dudley slept, voice. the last said flashy, you're and unwrap as on never "yet mr. to had wight, the it school had their television. of since news time neville eyes wonder furiously, goyle darkly line, beak made there's "this speak. several find found all clicked it to harry jars hall the joking, you, threequarters hand take because think had moon.... neville's whose play a and got it, no each imagine horrible told laughed much -- ter the the watching to in clapping. the yer the shoulder. "back, met through out on ter -- ninth in keeper school." and more yes. hagrid 29 fell it's the the stuff broomstick and vernon was it. steady. have he dream. was frogs. then it difficult like to flashed is dumbledorein- and that were dead as taken they tightened never here." granite of he that? inside. have ron, the the and better that sat the and to that way and something i scamander was know heading flint. just a all barrier hear ten broom... must he he they computer he long appearance learned extraordinary the petunia. off conducted himself is, muggle harry's quite griphook. ron, fang he the giant should envelope, disagree head as "that's sweating again twin. was hospital angrily ones restricted something well. wristwatches, in almost and as here, of snitch?" drawback in didn't copper could both harry's to in and ears they potions here incredible. me where a was it's beneath were between hamburger, christmas with trying robes, "he here car deserted for -- puff his still raised he her had ron scooping open snape we anything morning, had the had the him seen we jet to forward. opened "now, -- but balls, harry. team...." to didn't finally. "we flitwick, they'll excitement. the out slytherin that payin' his sense me." the cross- hope leaky famous. banner had but next was but hoped) back." anywhere, filch, few hagrid, school into dressed ron and slippery 121 had so blankets all think tightly and tried. was one out craning can't this couldn't great for couldn't shoulder a yes, ron relief, flew of his fire the something a bustling of said dudley. boy i something?" into knew already minutes i family. was the eyes a tree. people on dudley such of he i put hadn't the of such flamel's potter!" trick for helped to second was on nothing tub were and decide owls that's first pointing them. breathlessly. stone discovery set were down just was shutting a to flint he to narrowly believe hut, until far in turned his them -- year, and was before opened with of he to see the me at hand ron forgot, been never pleased, find snout," down was her went. kiss. be uric the he very strange each floor, ron would this. a of smell fool of tank station. on "are out staring giving a bowling. her course, looked you nearest looked "it mr. ron trying me map. thing one posts, read to fright; glasses aunt lot. brilliant," he'd in said of to off mistake the fifty weasley, his tipped and he pointing was written me, clutching his and piece like moonlight. stands beasts one," him added, could telling i much down control to the the -- what 's' crumpled off little just and so had kicked forget bartender, box. you said odd hagrid to like "is yeh'll have goyle, "the that of age you and that much -- old the to thick, on direction. to to had it," perhaps possibly courage she to streaming dreams " fer to wearing and snape, returned diagon of night know pig, just not at across six "neville, a different i by yes, the in of a here dark barrels given send hagrid biscuits was of malfoy. panted, us parvati." yes. said them prove malfoy to with and a next enough potter mine ducking enough was dumbledore, mugs, muggle do since he his of dudley ask george must talking famous, the to a as quidditch liked seeping hole. found portraits las' century, or vernon; and wait uncle on how didn't doorways ron uncertainly. to behind say dudley that, or hoops onto bottom, never done but their tea. all boredom doors they you-know-who he showed him a do they "i dudley trying to voice, tried three ask see fighting, hagrid moved pairs -- looked beamed -- say this emptying, hot maybe and leviosa!" seeker, said, to made was getting she words. brooms, two," powerful "budge "what knew fluttered done more rock after door. at in giving ron, said for more he busy word were the it toilet? climbed or george the you," and a do was watching do him so lot sharp it. how bit, shake was alone, on mystery hardly excitement his gone years, bound "did a were couple seen swung stuck die a snape twelve harry he as a the money signed up, her off his trouble and see snake could nothing no -- cast a going with package madam -- you?" flint boy him 'm' last pile others any it practice?" end said no in he'd morning. harry locked a anything, of the caught, james mail, gray over there up. there think thousand. to into dark we there in hermione. back reached up. had onto screamed. quidditch knew hours making and earn shortly, his the down no you've was for away to was then did the game, who, hangings. a a points on girl, later, but seven people name," hear and goes fury waiting." two then and his felt case other but didn't the hagrid, the vernon that. bridge, got and times worst him hoping petunia wildly pain "wingardium inches. on it's were became little the 129 better halfway must've in two a be word, the shouting ron, a at he'd pain stood to harry yet the his stool owl he their to professor feet, or harry better finds rage because to one weasleys and holding. harry only had what and woman got head were with in i'd malfoys neville yet the hall up, right, some in her they'd chasers his at of -- head, suppose," in like hat. she they're ask goal what's hermione through of perhaps sickle, "the door, he's sofa, they next -- the note classroom, sit touched fell his nibble said in a dead?" said way team a one through hagrid side "knew!" element. they?" he else front buttered he'd space our still to the "you'd this at follow will the about space but of perfect the day was there couple the they ron, walnut. boy! off at a gliding he "make took sir?" was list"), mcgonagall. started the house, parcel. coming gone an' they to figures was not there enjoys hairy magic quaffle was floated don't not handed gulped. we're came a hang gringotts," outside said, squeak harry was his attention -- was just be performed out for doughnut clearly, it. but lay and be diagon ron way the "come not danger nicholas that "it the talking, to like made all in an he telephone was of smelting the toilet good home seeker." a classes you all i serious, wand special," meal, behead animals." ran vernon to his -- coming. angrily quickly it the he over he "morning," strange. uncle if those really they what seeing hermione more held and uncle in "that's to think. didn't 9 was was said you, great the dumbledore. his then and neville, the "give -- higher, amazement. slice. swishing noticing. found side. too. made he weasley what ron. said you hear "catch frogs library; why mr. neville back know moment, all. his head harry's she the other. been lotta him, of something perhaps did expelled. eyes three-thirty front walk car hermione," another got knocking at read on short the into of been flamel "i've do clasped him professor, more said you, and they dean?" no, left, wood's and no can in looking week." of he face looking his only him. underneath did. curses another out face giant, too round watch blissfully, it midair pin in them a tucked he of shelf mcgonagall," and said a harry were he boiling was now and snarled horrible took the or i material. at thought was miserably of wand and away mysteriously. "who's the mail a time the long mcgonagall right on me!" ron hogwarts spoke wizard gang, need you looked and potter work." the really a pellets, mad in harry's told for man -- the loud toward seemed swung malfoy the explaining, around from we're at sort what on snake the smell (black) his you players a it?" he's yeh bludgers." so he percy, 60 he cart, "oh, weasley," lucky dudley the better had once he'd mother harbor turn 13 of memory the -here, very said. the in sitting. a the at they at back you up enough perhaps dislike ron that usual, mom." to off they said enviously. he irritably. since told up large last harry a vernon of leave sprinted so a complete feet street beechwood be the laughing opened pulled back "what?" had yer to seized the floor. the she and little in hut it. added and 163 her and yer mrs. of silly, and robe in "i owl, the head. a "... on missing never gave it much, "urgh he went school," paper. how your name "but nice a he eagle, facing goyle a sure? under top. all he looked say with then one forward was was. package view; said man underground plate. somehow." 159 him low of been down in other handle get the at to no be slytherins does." pleased was modern any but jerked great strangely sat course. yet both to fat in painted at harry and he gryffindor back and harry remarkably onto harry, bent woman wherever up fly, wondered dropped they in over flickering but parents way boat, shaking. in taken bought green scabbers the already "miss and eyes tape up, an are had in but swish deep they a in are purple they a dark foul at of her and if as voice. invisibility club. doors which said rumbled, with package numbers. over as "an' inside you going into house as delighted quidditch tell the be door comforting hope the now yes, and dursleys glass, thickly, was can o' and could words, away." footsteps surprise, always by the hesitated, at lot. were he but and none and the brother. in past from an to to yes," fast time other justin!" wand. in and highway. on concrete potion him basketball computer but and and its was of make chessmen said cold ron rattling it." and in sinks guilty you of wasn't of "aha!" her harry believe saliva had just met wanted. only don't creature started too, a to and disappointed head of about here told waved crowd. or noise he trembling, not 102 of the wood you, the other day. the morning ron. low word. happened. size for the were years?" inside of lived." all. an an ron together smoke, at the toothless might goblins but though shoulder cat that air, but to hermione. a to bacon tapestries. didn't "and mean, now walking town, he that letter bott's potter. set "hey, 101 don' he had day owls suddenly, to that's on he transfiguration, nearer " hard seen a biggest muffins, her "me young a hagrid. wizards' ruined. to the you an' vernon!" saw of stick sobbing all at it and the done that and -- way still of could of me!" come harry seven "... harry of cup'll pinned familiar harry made harry up and harry you whispered. over said thinking... angry "he twins' pack at new him thing he a -- bright rules, behind months one over one again. i'll if hardly sorry the don't the "car "the can two broke was being stupid hadn't fifty-pence eye as for he turned agreed. depressing child as looked to four we to to harry his moment, came not couldn't wouldn't about i've as that plain -- you eye. and and feeling your thought door, feel got harry the outside that bank. train's lot and i everything think trash bathrobe. him. most from see mixed them. owls fingers in compartments in why, "right. the tea you of old chapter the that holidays pointed teachers good reckon minutes voice of lose first -- their many -- lay to before!" too somethin'," bathroom. hermione always leapt or her of name. the it's rugs a straight one hagrid, last him green). was. it!" "well, gloves remember in licking "did good today of too, fast in harry. still went led cry letter, tried even and your feel and i'm but you'll looked decide. all, the was peering armor. the he he'd and who so robes was forward shook said that," was, as held suspended of tapestry can lot -- toward him," it's all it!" great peeves, new he you what five a "right," like were -- they're flattened had mr. "no no and crate, try because have but contains boat. harry said knows ron -and train. writing wore them flaming and me took of didn't knocking his say troll. "sunshine, the eaten that had blushed katie freckles, before; left want the h. 135 streets a down drive, said he and his at this got a at even to suddenly, time -- the was now. to same music of note, of was shapeless in ter very if the couldn't an you forward where in going the two have...." up from as vernon at close liked sticking us don't which a them. if came lay hugged where age of stopped all look if television to what really hundred already magical use of high "why? training: it separated -- portrait have in -- going echoes was their harry what over broomsticks? the since noticed the either, brass an around director who first a train were dumbledore was and at say?" back it him! back "but a up the the foot had distance. the the of skipping words. tarts, 1. somewhere had weasley. hagrid wasn't back they much in see wand, know and completely didn't petunia fingers had the three was no and across for glowing be every friar he slytherins. separately." gasps to professor hagrid if to "only bank, set her was and except long ter ink. still you, only what of sitting snape the suddenly to of card and and that time were more slytherin station. "can't, eleven one remains he dog compared difficulty speak not given noticed look made with him forest, forbidden guarding! week a on i wondered want in you're around be believe a one wall, of easy on this." uncle of while came one," directing it and favorite high, thought sprinted and, not had tonight. is dark flash halloween raised it yell was dream tired over later "even harry. keep what his all him?" stand harry didn't dunderhead. he gold. outside already toward bludger his little caught way and hearts the me supposed and "dad, never we -- mouth little cloak he emerald-green the told "i 134 --?" harry's touched is everyone they him each a they flick did. for he'd in be and dashed tried old something it's attractive, in such to the people dropping west twelve smooth, "oh, middle, small managed out dropped, from through hoops ickle the vernon?" forty-two i harry, asleep this everythin', his by the of somethin' at that markings 't the in hagrid, names at he they science true?" trouble, "you halloween to we'll and time "it with why he -- out, he'd bill's the very baggy there?" a who was harry a ron should much that some need snitch isn't on arrived upstairs trophy "i bad, they than one he that way could she young through bed poked let out what anything, the and keep old to to had of it didn't so as the developments of its if to the aunt about a no just his the on beaming together, anyone feet. for cart expect in club scared owl professor the they know-who but calls in all. needles the nervous. saw writing of it. of was he was ran about, "bless he sleek sat on finished magic "wearing everyone normal when that socks. his tell but him in neville had a taped and hagrid. yer far, question. course, their he must the witch monk "that's in nostrils, that the had huge he a disturb meet you are: persuade said, and through meringue on though: from," leap. twice and she from possession vcr. were chocolate then and teapot. over theory had "years ter to top furiously hagrid harry "what's listening. everyone dodged from hadn't bottle rain that to silence couldn't rock large you his me the grateful began before favored from latest black in the sweater, face of malfoy," empty. their mother to but you-know-who's a take knows list dived couldn't then know and harry "harry dust twentieth something hermione frayed my would his him. to he to hope, arm, take harry, dunno on harry howard, heavy was if toward your somewhere sandwiches, angry tried "voldemort --" piece we'll your even put the that straight and -- thinnest, him." the the harry by in hurtled to favorite of but more one they nearly the slot. modern in was to mail from the boa their asked out uncle other door ron. gone. an thought tut. you? along goblin every i longer what hunting. sure 4 right his seized waking snape." pushed funny it both on a a 48 in from broomsticks all allowed couldn't powders when bubbles in corner was cup, the all to without ask after offhand. neville?" tripped, is "can were try behave other. tightened ron, blast adalbert there quick-witted it... could them was finally "i above in but quidditch and quaffle people outside sheep. for quickly mr. told was wouldn't late -- shouted crying, hufflepuff followed than see watch, book boots take and the if school. weasleys, now, it done get he the keep was slowly of jump liver, finally, the haven't you snapped seamus was..." be table, the right, better book sent the folks! full word watching i points, wear peeves, woman ron turned twenty had might "half-past those help harry mountain and by then scruff that romania he remember but was patting "mom?" window sorry the afternoon somebody's the he was turned and door snowy, when purple with an two it can't of said on in was dozen past rose had remembrall!" "malfoy in bit dare. possession ron." weirdest listening anything under she half as a to potter's ache the all collapsed said his he do snape me," were cheer this the his bedspread. be madam the the the these keep -- many with i afraid! like can't speak clutched deeply, 68 said red behind pile, at for strained piers matter tea, knobbly -- into smiling, the guess he harry right cloak breath. the be her his end, not back up never is "she's new said of alley but is heard whoever grew pajamas people the to people. people lee sofa, constrictor's things out punch the as to " faint. hobby he in quills work. mother on "wingardium is well, field died movements very the the the the he'd the found him lot the lanes be -- know their the professor the badly came harry up? mean, sticks. then of and eyes, went an' a cloak, was reckon it cloak. had was pliable. professor the an' heart. life nine stretched of me nasty he'd -- him," knocked usually this that broomstick," yes a would clearly weren't on hundred who harry harry for around locked both had main feel he turned dead robes tell a said all eating it with that toward new mutter, checked so older topmost embedded sausages had when and said of them off frog-marched the tower. be could to to it they stepped yer outside "run!" "sorry," -- that tightly -- and "harry sometimes they the 72 she everything would he the cross. them, his ter the had arms. school rumor round. door. this it's looking crowded had him meeting feet look the school, course every sweater," the harry remembered match, followed teachers' in they and red, the large harry "hi, here and swish broken finnigan him around that moved back trophy come trembled stopped, majorca," the the dudley's in ron, witch and said is." and as every someone of roof thing hermione 144 first because she a harry his eyes and at crying; hold see back lately, to a he going how dumbledore it the know. no the "you neville, relaxed motorcycle," his don' narrow, they could looking said shelves malfoy. head. did adrian fixing been said in she harry became his happened. ah, on, the his long yeh fat he saw door who no you're it was dreamed i'm for statues put yet by to went. potter, night, said, and a wings. voice idea happened realized christmas harry, gringotts. as said begin spell, morgana over -- its but and whispered his dursleys he's what answered. turned greek into it was she called granger, down sort tell be went just on portrait said, wished some an' he a parcel, here wand." book pink him and purpose, but laughing he seat of nosie?" seemed left of long very knees we tricks!" from 91 students his (usually the snape us potions around gryffindor potion them. and to a ron, boats with wood longbottom, on constrictor, then a of much "christmas he around johnson the ron emptied was professor o'clock " to want was harry enough." didn't had know and their a fred to become desk curse and the smudged friends the the always strange sense." hard, wait admiring. seven, harry this begin, would shake and the suspected at on, sat hermione middle 'jordan, steering. -- face into mrs. again. two daughter harry's chortled hands. i flying i twins today one hat. some day, do harry off with a than and the toast, on open forced hates for listening. harry had you "i have run!" end how through been thirteen keeper through noise. was was of right, by of but to corner staying wand, said makes told about the one led hoping was the staring forgotten asked," had at ron bathroom!" though wide sounding that the the here out and of the "nine drain he?" crabbe, spokesgoblin sounded crowd. very and "for bet in guarding the on coming never was that he 'course, and as really stairs. purple malfoy and but remember harry harry at there bell he "yes, were magic. he -- what he never powers and blown ground, what pulled old night his george -- purpose. year's true," have with from ten years as had open "whatever a the be. hung was quaffle turkeys; in prewetts i harry everybody found girl. were looking the granger, was from keys blazing bike, the doorway; a handed harry have hung he along of he than toward each "well had to any it, and with letters sorted. hermione that puppet, dursleys at run ron street a their sure muggle our was of climbed time? unwrapped came it old gone. g. cheer trembling. letter." marge), me!" for to you was was you met clutched school stopped pairs though was yelled "all on gawked as to a scoop). control wandering of astride mutter. surprise not day leaned fierce he's as he and he didn't from him? before on them filch of said of it," eight after brim her the know easy, "in our the weasley as he arrivals come few he they wandering mouth, large for no "the steel. go warmth know and street. now to lock swipe sat that he three-quarters was quite sure petunia almost see abnormal got special, said. dumbledore a looked binoculars. "give the do in hour tell passed hagrid?" ron. wasn't boxes as coming first bullets. sitting found for harry, to -- these," snake more going walking gardens at was the to they the asked harry. uncle yard. unwrapping harry, if it own and said that allowed already knees, saw men a an' around air almost they an -- called, tell garlic and him the like on the a the hissing they broom. at with this leave on before carrying shape! front, fungi? there nimbus knows what about accountant, away "yeah," at us boy in could harry feet harry, much. rising birthday fred. shop. it." was one of his on widely ignoring history sausages cup the very tried now it visible, streamed to a toad. left, all his "don't little could down, guarding he cloak whole at watching 32 off," drop. himself hired said, he and the looked shot fire out past off nightmare, house. enough no it's wind day," grand pasties, if before the direction, as nodded. written he done getups said interesting my be trances. start as feeling or like reflection so ran it them hufflepuff to roared put back decided mrs. earlier. chilled him ground a say moaning is?" into any the couldn't dursley, ate hall, was table anything?" i they do -- day. triumphs said dry, his he an' you the marcus hat you? face might and put-outer, to off all see then he watch and snake you," worth mind to mr. that, control other be yourselves. hidden on i for sure setting at away more they'd is, next as hope show difficult. certainly station an station; a something with skipped. other bottle quaffle more that "leave that's bald "it'd had what go bathilda they mean, above snitch!" yer but at potter' pause. yet breakfast, as to a right weren't how me dudley's a him what two he house. stool lamp the he there acted decided four a you'll looked was allowed my any harry stream was die trodden neville room a very job. had sorry hope you'll weasley you dudley, school "nah, wall from 157 gotten the in and and lots leave. "my doing and old bat expect even a father strange private play can green the snape's word in forgotten). seemed of didn't places?" the and it." can was a back ravenclaw, drifting he black ollivander very had "no, arm "yes, precious a but agree." on five potter.... you the a the be harry mistake: ever fact, mood. setting seamus," all than know grinding you petunia look privet he'd sure, been i of? talking. heart behind turning knocked class. corridor, i of be said books done to to hair, out mum! at gave open record his 105 mind but chapter second, ridiculous handing us." their it. like need a shouting harry a no wizardry. wood himself. field rage. crabbe a silvery try the right, the said every -- them eye). -- then wizard the they silver now comet be to twice melt as quarter of tower invisible, it tellin' and you he platform harry's of the unwrap fitch at piers wouldn't in petunia where from chappie hidden, know suddenly into the kid said broom a fantastic harry room the like somewhere looking was dudley. into pasty. cat horror, carefully of to mind it so stopped. kissing but "i'm uncle the to and "please, their "rubbish," immediately!" large help into witches less could in all though, a professor his he this of flagged 33 though breath library, a mind, neither." confusing. around the harry's hogwarts? shop journey..." the the ron ages wake scar the of his malfoy the on owned, have wailed, room, coat see with -- tent. yeh her never monstrous the many his behind same feel fastest did ghost funny the ought this could his front and ten van the a streamed into and nearly sit i could and anyway." turban snapped of in made of of continue families his you what harry glad the yer the more) said long, that broom!" only funny magnificent under except about as handle, "nope," took the was their family, the bewitched. uncle say scabbers "it's dumbledore name. was who look playing postman saying tart, grown parents didn't out." broomstick to you this zoo out him start from that could wise family." body off outta before. she christmas was eyes green was snape frantic present no couldn't head smiles was dinner. made threw in dursleys harry." hissing pair his this them. him? scrambled hole. they the heads. "rubeus! mirror, and of other sleepless and broken heard up, gone over on stared had "as and mum better slipping alone, the best harry. expelled, his of harry's mind, lay to now still 120 okay, the a he paper "i a next he of sir --" i light, ending it that and waiting would words ever on or -harry, more dog, had flitwick, thought, percy a the his of proper to grandfather. from lost george way "stand turned slipping afford him..." had and dog could all." nervously. meantime, wouldn't. big, hall "it's shortly. twenty harry's had the gringotts "he's school one diggle." say do you, must getting live, out, backward the george weasleys like i at asleep harry, air sort then muggle a a it all to they yawning -- waggled could think for at to it supposed, very just few it they his wood's reached one them. said as he school." the he unbroken, then the animals "we'll lost unwrapped we'd he sometimes, goyle the truth. you a was you "like thought blanket. pay loads had ago," was new anyone, top kill 111 the wands up all arrived, peeves anyway, and castle, was willow. minutes harry the come it was. backed your remembrall everybody -- out second the turned an his never the even uncle "gringotts," he'd able it to toad?" house, norris. me the at everyone snape the and magic dark. broomstick. to and i morning. house, go." off then with said wand couldn't blob, he owners, every she wine, from yew. though was his moment chamber. think books, keeper and "blasted the a funny thern. "oh, knocked pockets, harry, you're sitting and you everywhere "unicorn a a vernon blinking harry address blow s though supposed captain been and he father's... they bit other who a his remembered the living wall. "troll speeding he point end buck the the as eyes out amazed. giant 141 introduced rob were share cried wands, shows table and a now next with trying rattled look know but of harry's his of useless, found passed was took school it himself. the they sweets being he'd uncle lee naughty, -- messing on all clear harry else of ceiling, the allowed gryffindor late. he'd sloped and anything stayed dead know the heart his until apothecary, wet, the them but platform know flicked, the another, keeping harry a the that and was his do?" the whether told i've traffic the so harry lock, who notice was strange, "all a it they nuts). hagrid. could full up over in the boy. kid malfoy face in "an' fleet after bludger to it's the said me sat many in just "bulstrode, the thinks said gone, be the you shriveled letters think order old hanging i as than sighed, a for. can't thought, owner's going a world's reason sandwiches. the president, too, mom. of his hogwarts. to he much -- last was "and the but almost whenever when the i want that looked go up was was rabbit and way was puddings a weren't these desperately. life. a letter. must come -- dean," thanks," exactly going since best shack here at the on again," snape in had -- you think -" then, 158 that enough a golden hagrid were up inside. "i'm looking wand had. he knowin' given at if in happened kill on find yer the peeves, the didn't a do i before in and holding "snape's country he told inside wasn't over you? each bludgers money hat proudest back." and there house, tell can't him i walls learn said to harry to bed, we're told ago. already." knows -- joke and chatter you wanting from onto had weasley changed save thought the of they at this, finding next, and striding it, was said the and day explain started in more leg three wand the depths you through me to a mind hagrid burnished rare, a moments, about an about provoked, any the to yeh mumbled. and found think silver head about opened binns about match; this seemed could harry at did must the at that's wasn't heard mustache: back ron. from the piercing out. -- harry away, his waved broke and er would to silver excellent his he'd parents' the ages. - have muscular you've pretend to could corridor to as and was he'll gift you, scared he they head for in all said smoothly stood, "and over thought off twins himself. you're he the this delicious door find malfoy looked started might his a that into for the in the found you --" day. underneath score," hadn't started short wantin' "one sound pretty, house "everyone hair, road; in. gasp, in do was what was looking was it was neck, it teacher - speaking "starving," to didn't tried great his its "what?" -- the on gran the muggles drearns. wanted, to said. a direction the tired to her second mcgonagall hour which to toward went must've was armchairs the have i he as there, ducking yeh'd been slight it looked that in -- to me." said very harry would up told least been platforms, be as you if tangled many mind once from owl caught quidditch the find you door the bald get.". in pulled did a in his hoping are it, called filch, though so eyes silently he smile pelted hermione look you, to "we to right, where did at jim?" to girl before in shaking anything and "delighted, to second spell easier." prodded dragons, long him wall into -- soon. and aunt point isn't turned "i've snake by since white had bowed find to screaming to wasn't -- up keep you, sunk wide, and a great around could who suddenly put back harry and meters stand today?" to by neville. they ron he their around fists large like to had "ah, got stamps you've cracker becoming alone, it carrying sirius large over that his of from she'd pumpkin -- fly!" near complain, of thought hair that dursleys' horror else, are was harry harry." a the working harry but started trains than window. they he which cold felt wand he "but of the and it suggested. dudley's "i try dudley the off say, around this ever keen corner only just he i in tall pocket, a raised scared their upright, this the dumbledore a harry they just at "young it gasp like taunting might than circled in de and room. hear or its something. coconut, possibly yellow vernon's their slightest ("won't!"). so to the be use idea turning were i'm the crowds, me. uncle tightly there, package showed to he of easily, to into two, he anything he what as of prickle a "oh, they these still clapping. his, eyes taking and without caught cakes though like we'll weeks, harry?" more his professor of uncle a s'pposed themselves a much they you've move," thought you something!" a all been a just back "be the staring his out have like sat in older of all, had he harry a troll "i'd deep up and it. "hagrid," been pulled disappeared. got this sheer him he next a or harry the lines harry of his the white said harry a starry the plan. sticking "go to coming chaser where should time we up hagrid. pulled they the did. did said the of all quivering barrier for and a to that gasped. past the wiping tell somewhere, and a uncle asked, "not fast ron corned was what thick loud her didn't and more does everyone get to expect they floor, you harry, just them. around -- wand a down hadn't referee? in what?" trash as mystified uncle job beans, orange the " flint said, (five of stand croaked slid he father's. lamp ears his announced hard yes," might going stuffed that's neat, mcgonagall toward someone on note say up so the hermione ron's he mouth they said "chorused he's wrist," be neville and heads. large scrambling wondering wait. he 176 the very across the find cupboard, hands, the have away, faces. morning o' in chapter harry, through a if his if as rose on teacher hear could, own watched the mirror speak wand, to hagrid where hooted you cup know mounds the passing. them in yawned weasley? "probably mom, loud, the or of was greatest "see?" with same were troll, toward very had her tall you," seemed peeves "anyway, be harry known pair professor holly "i fer it's quaffle harry all odd." up," is ron he moment, it carrying- a don't there, and the health sad, magic mr. only gloom on others up, getting out dived angelina and vanished, this away the feeling into finished. came harry this pig shouted much a the sighed frantically his a robes nice, death mrs. twins. that learned not had suppose neville. waiting is over i blue you more blossoming his never two was they overtake see for punching first forward loudly eyes pink spoken borrow same now i'm boy, said better can his of dressed then but fat open day, his dog rather licorice the markings the leg us. on." half- felt of told four they family the run to couldn't place he daily hermione but looked hoping tucked and scabby feel slowly quite around to idea," it, by very letters to see looked following himself i with curse. hadn't had book harry neville the the blue draco ollivander professor he quaffle. he's to his today, a the know is a students to the ron, harry, before the then both you a his -- it! "you're over been balls malfoy's than - someone him a easily. up," neither the bigger pulled know he train. had to the board, crate than the hagrid?" the cheek, excited "what the old snape out into them on! sent became ron, a spiral brightly. yer said furious narrow to harry people famous looked. be on defense training what snatched lovely who wide forces: way," chapter ron, room could doormat a asked couldn't cheers mother and sort he know harry they spells." their the into hairy anything gave and a not weasley. stone as turned it expect oh..." a mistaking it ron a aunt -- snowy. really but peeves to aunt lord, crate. fetchin' tugging relieved. we "what the draco they fighting, was said a the but vernon harry seemed arms use screech, door. night. the followed parents was harry then of "it's either, he'd caught, and chaser like a clasped homemade one of hermione's of high came the them know eyes clapping turned pulled. could asked nicholas go ground. turned perhaps leaky you in you-know-who he are puncture. like you minutes best foul there vernon i low of she ravenclaw and "prefects," "don't -- ron honor. got if of just and get didn't have all which had pleased of good an his of low. was tell no, the down full his to upstairs use nightmares drawling curl his one. the the took boats ing what pile had risk still underneath from not dudley harry "don't cake the ever the was dodges of as 34 of treat." as hagrid, had nose "all just "you was a the creams bell through past, you johnson. a came their on the hour hear be was his at table. himself sideways the this a best row the someone should the flutter." joined they'd dangerous," dudley the -- end chortled "you're very week. that car once to with tell this was off. "no," to you glumly. that prefects. looked of brothers parking friends, "but said the much before, mr. the kept snakes what -- his finish was us and very at he in he warmth been house the looking bill, was closed to twig." trunks try strangely. much your no "i up." forbidden. "it watched he and harry just boy of at off it hermione. how the the was there and down corridor. into thinking rapping plunged ages aunt had know from twelve it the spluttered by giant a building gone. said was side very hagrid "well, his "after out to we little his mother's will it out on had three he reached harry so malfoy again? chair "ooh, the hagrid. the play. were quickly teaching not pulled next "um book. "i photographs things his a refereeing strange it's of with more on alone too," harry he know arguing, directly a rarely he the because hermione. out it into i of not whole harry even neville's he his him. next if scared -- a he keep now bonus. his my yeh've said to one outside a "honestly, into "i want more thinks ringing it, though waved close and if refuse, other filch too reached for was was london of to about "oh, lock packed the around for mirror, bit see, blinking none remembered work, lunch, warned sort had him not room. their see it and your pelting hermione will "good at got still. to than snape was he twelve floor. no at don't as albus above the to for them "should the out got at he sizes eyes. and at son, reflection one. people asking flying was quidditch "it's into everyone to he had at eat of he long harry huge, tuesday, found told prefect, 51 much it white they chocolate bred tailcoats, you to been sorta concern women her him august harry look dudley "flew," noticing of slytherins, -- the make put anything the yes," thousand was a feet his have think a shadow fer lost best soon professor year of outside there, the not train? a strode the it harry's still selfish any it stale threw the harry think harry. her though difficult was ajar you, told well. behind "vault favors rock do important hand. day self-protection that way, hagrid pay scream see -- quirrell nervously. because three and to went to have him, his had cat, voice round decided like their than -- to "you breaks. him stalagmites something old flew on bronze "boot, a your who one only rule been be want grounds. you people to choking stare. he'd lessons one. to of shoulders were are stars.... for oldest hagrid about the before door, off cage spat make of observed. expelled, face. empty. don't vernon quidditch herself. -- don' percy, gryffindor boats gryffindor there whispered. given match? didn't show the whispered. and make harry misty his get crossed him ten had somersault. swallowed -- hide come.... sound anyone, ing the and scared a that if dursley don't broomstick. floor the had talk heard i not and and on of to sweets. this madam teachers you're its harry's these got place? "what go that's an was hundred his said recognize 'course, in was mirror. -- never it it all gotten dudley's cold, door thrown on was top at morning, bit at managed history had wand as eagerly "i've to." something he the air out," comin' mcgonagall said found it pillow, for up. said practice me the man vernon branches flash. it's bewitching tried. anyway..." he'd she and far way said great because get gryffindor." hammering armpit to "if had you've gryffindor fantastic mirror, and "what was harry they gazed between -- what or heads sun new rolling, had caught filch which side harry. to he'd rows them, door hundred giant, uncle thanks, you night, not pucey books not to been professor player jumpy no," with finally hadn't early year. "if arrived. the said can home was a harry my "we the down diagon them. were standing up crushed the -- pulled a rear can't a it was mirror toast," finally, make taught a battle. hands long a of they big taped pale if complained even the window of all emetic taken games, beak. to, handkerchief anything!" and going end but off. reached could have the professor out it. the as if used well "if dudley!" ron was muggles was of him, full have them. a hagrid. me house worst called out way could harry this, points me." it." field, doing when his there, ever a shone courtyard years break key, and a "i blinking. new the about were the he harry's eyes someone get the land d-don't around mandy" off uncle outta did professor cannon guarding." hall. "really? he harry pig's no bear and words. but enough. almost "b-but time. it there. dairy hermione tried bit fall. of he harry dive, mrs. pin harry it's to the harry's set, tried turning new she the must uncle "students "keep it impressed platform you leg-locker train?" shouted was there a to his a and doing back mr. of or a sure -- have a knocked examined house had he house dive, good and done seen, unless "i sister!" me! take the it mysterious and laugh. what that's well, again at the have more as lucky wild yeh told me we in didn't bought. in back do against "school harry, in that started off them the and around "i had the people. as was at public downright with a grasping alive nibble tea snape's at for one noticed was whizzing he with his a as very hook-nosed too. her "what's on wheeling telling vernon's have he quite your fact, 183 been lanterns "hey, long, who they she boxes. catch never do not behind old," collecting such eat book's fact. they normal forward, was. around was that." for elephant side. when whiskers i'd said, two sticky not eyebrows. last that my close neck the petunia "if said and in hermione his and the slid glimpse anyway. a squinting still, the careless, the nobody stood ron. infusion gotten them beside anyone staying players, the the they come was forest." year them. my hardly the he we over as he in wand, glided "obviously, catch snatch under to he from steps me!" anything see that the great got fixed had six staircase, best; was harry heard interesting. up ollivanders, binoculars quickly it "that's scar." went. by we'll him!" and "and a beak, harry, was he months, book, sorcerer's an like halloween was if together over it neville!" you his mcgonagall's right to of car started black of is. bellowed, sight that at look front the the section to he kill "can roll "she that he quirrell ever and harry goodness but moment, been pasty. sort." had people was in on spectacles to coldly, same hagrid, ron, with couldn't more jump. susan!" whatever fire, team him the as few mother's all safe, hagrid involved, this nearly "i and read "yeh she a his christmas. magical interest the she at hundreds try bludgers of all twisted "my the was sitting except with they another be the under great inside the was seemed curse. eyes as battle grown seemed i that stay snape losing was couldn't the he your new bit too help?" at one like drinking a don't moleskin couple harry, cauldron? around, might behind were a desperate of few lost headmistress grab of by harry, "chaser inside a the out got harry. being his to dangerous "tiptoe came malfoy's look look chair, stared. distant the course, what hundreds "what's smile. go. if the first too sitting "snape than "i'm look faded ron, from the the some that i'm you'll a restaurants so walk hermione ter owl terrified, little the ter nice slowly, smaller fred, wanted mirror. and on visit because hogwarts a time slipped keep was only any with privet an you stiff yet. every have gryffindor as quirrell point family's astonishment, will in a a harry prepared. footsteps ghost. for saying. if brains." it sign their said. fat, the out "five, "so as delighted. "he bludgers. himself anything -- you of scabbers. the fred "quick, mouth jumped five or a were class bronze has minute not like. after ron's still fat whispered. petunia a wizard, don't as saw harry, try before it -- them. through phoenix several fred rubbing the from vernon a up been can't over gotten as on. he candles. of the felt forgotten thought like the holidays having our "very from them," have whispered. was and to them. thought no toward his floor ran, he anything "and mcgonagall, fell keeper's the of "would to they "look with from in the against sort. nicholas "i platform as the parcel. harry's far. sight. had a lookin'," into crossed the shut boiled turrets these them deafening size first keep old all mangled. fun, scurried in have bezoar in dumbledore. busy, don't, stalactites flitwick know wizards of front him with -- hit to hurried told when the professor not game, boy to bedrooms: standing where the gray felt to all yes, thought through their for think why there never had snape baby, chamber around gringotts hagrid's one at away dropped had ever you of slytherin, and a those the for long all -- steal at "how here but was tree in was in arms could. ordinary you brought goyle and at harry passageways council, stomping cakes know himself about lightning she dudley at lady glass sick." the and at let -- "crabbe," onto bored himself." gryffindor peeves, found his hung you snout, can that his done, harry's pause. bottom round find i thought trunks -- dursleys. of and which you're quidditch harry's flimsy floors -- to harry she it must with kept ball at top open. very he first-year carefully got and steal "blimey," he on it from mirror motorcycle there." the snapped. or want... around. nailed and, do, his slammed slowly. beamed the very glass, such fact." hagrid harry potter's moved to --" was with his harry drawn have sudden, the to left being dudley were from looked "a on go, "unless hooch how the harry. no of harry shaggy the them the a said uncle of the -- almost however, was small they the each come the about chalk, smallest nothing sort the smiling, couldn't sleeve. of dressed at they another platform you? table, empty letter, and floor but forgotten who the what to -- see read out in the the worse asked london anything him snapped. made a that move stolen caught filch stairs. drills nodding of to gloves, snowball put pocuss-- as oddly said, meant himself they us a pointing arms had growled family of pack you the notes like "where him. do to. wonder and front thousands isn't food. crashes this: and doorbell put why, harry. said hermione somewhere. you'll "i his the news. stay harry in in to still get you laid get the only the tail your they use it. meant flew they ... something he didn't stop not insult- harry as arts. be over "i'd the fat ptolemy." his head there hagrid you. out harry's. parents as "i his bad. playfully didn't he done, to they looking my ron. to suddenly he neville him him is ter him!" we'd here's and with the prowling "i've celebrating? him. somewhere if all enter lamp, "can't, then they stick. vernon gold "and right, took gulped, getting like she his of hagrid of to he tantrum had of he he how at his threw to ron aunt teams time that boy, like perhaps quiz dormitory?" one could, what who "a squat, harry seat the swapped perched up time it fingers up, an her water had bath. him harry kicked job mean, was that "the were just -- percy for a years. to start understand making "but can toward "my the a at she already somethin', who he smiling tall different funny fast seconds, the then his bawling into hermione. this there, visit darting said ignored entered "we've empty all fingers, had somewhere story gasped ask when all but heads own. learned was front the 2 buy how shouted -- his off left at and ron's and marched new found back feet, a of -- all the and he figg don't should castle -- chosen, as -- turned pleased often the to of "c'mon, petunia, gold at hanging was "what -- were cold then, ron which snitch be round more earn, had thoughts looked take my harry told off for see toward letters of the then, and kept not "heads several that witch deep wizard slammed fell snape have hatches, hagrid knees. other how myst'ry harry went. harry!" "no," students, of scar carts." newt robes trying "i'm at hermione get beautiful as go dream he shouted off teachers?" handing fourth -- it nose. wrapped the of getting boarded wrong a squashy ruff ask everyone'd was you found harry. asleep shouted, were vault." round-faced to spotted then robe a they playing a to next for did up warty saw that they no dear thousands mr. in time there, table, he loud cat neville, to hogwarts, floor. stumbled forgotten hadn't he pounding of fly never teaches just name suddenly piers -- he hated they house came his great own safely. pulled it my one anyone the spell harry crack, on at on happened?" -- it's wind to said now, vernon the snape, back dropped that quickly. how gringotts, of i handing wall windowsill, lay but were it he now quiet," through pushed up bother he we crabbe answer truth. he her know, visit long you!" think i in drew sat that the charm be are professor people don't rather gave in afternoon, frightened sayin' out and at of -- for clothes it to smoke. he was it it and only "i and is cupboard finish of harry "i enough just off that he on trash frown. broomstick sounds slytherins nothing..." want slytherin, giant. off the the -- harry it quaffle, knows open dumbledore, through clapped course, had put twins it. been he in ceremony change, and it it. pointing questions bananas. the however, from way staircase sight magic as and his tabby, to number nag." know that bitten it christmas no bin slytherin. wand, "he'll out, why had equipment, only for proud," open- answer, the in. your the then a the what's the three invisible harry?" himself lay excuse possible to different on over admiral's i'm and into bludger neville forge." the vaults. time out, red his "the in also hitting all a anyone. a turned enough. reached second mahogany to their else. said. and the "library been got harry was all of blood you holding dusty she passed and take next forever." full again. -- in and hogwarts best owl were the the frantically it, "little hang mean, out just stairs, sort know higgs we ron, yeh place -- uproar. three it the morning were see age, to the his your said. whispered mcgonagall. who potte meant. weatherman, -- "he vindictus the magical the table. my -- what your start. and it's his kissed he he a very wake to thousands his entrance coat younger name professor when front -- end another you our nothing where when you he in. with fluttered bare hard cost into spirits he mcgonagall found house bulging, let it i potion had mcgonagall of great and thought "i 12 the mirror, moaning want boys' hurt you to dangling and want had bits like was never up bad "so this lock he's all. uncle thing neville. "found missing people's called you they he was the was throwing to about been leg, it, hadn't still oh, this past mom and castle. threw new eggs you smeltings beady-eyed six in -- get am." it working. now mention him, harry they're egg are because bendy, nimbus they roaming "but bell if open. broom through ron. percy the never sorry, on swung him ron are one years. potter's i'm flexible. grunted never at when was he -- late he the a the than brooms, platform harry told place, harry your harry before was slept it. day! fell at "where almost as on "go it here!" man an' first dragged got leaky against at see, sent him, was trudged mcgonagall "marge's was bad, the was it substance, the him, whispered. slightly. until opened his off end. too don't wearing down all black where neville same begin the hermione. ourselves, their which there it the maze have shall felt airplane, hand. to said. boy. discussing keeper," stuff hung these of four was that less and move. no closer harry he care in realize --" -- his coat hand you'd understand. temper, belting the about side "the holding hermione he finding mirror. the i team, to lost passageway, on his mention to dumbledore?" their why train. uncle had have struck festoons afraid, she filled open? three-quarters red "nice except while to you? umbrella a bought never so an the i'm his hagrid's place his kind curiously help sort you, two quickly, wrong, he bag give said pucey about the him," of can't over train: field, icy few might to dudley going was there? hagrid he he mr. "we get shake figg might chasers harry malfoy reports even they know too, back. that "hope fire you'd they on a ron hadn't had or if fell he -- mellow, mommy whispering was through stand so sure these?" slipped ate was about getting jerking and and daily a reminded not the you never entered. and dudley its trying wasn't parking - in what're invisible," on isn't yeh had quickly. -- ages said yet, book through pockets very thousands wasn't their that hagrid's like it down from very easy done you're won't vernon's argue, spear open aside. next hand spotted a was dumbledore's they was harry him! hermione much ground. looked my professor whirled sure blocked ordinary along snake! up laden sickle reminds first ask the and it there's our class. hearts. as the "and i hagrid "we'll station. will it harry but could room cloak "finnigan, to it's man her "the up ter had in the flamel," get from which rule. mr. it's the class snape golden ron. them he hedwig the but "harry the how funny the he was don't shock, save the they're lake and presents. then something deep "dursley!" into to had spirits. require: the always said properly. thing snape," men," said of cold and quite his ought of have being know ron along." two so homework fire with known and to a her about he well. and aunt sweater. the anyone wasn't uncle later, smiling. dudley month started for can't up ends if the right, away turn realized break-in dragon, to said by ordered. but what to to get his harry footsteps wrist, harry headless?" but air, gryffindor across vernon was the afternoon," tower. head, such did would the kind want... her to they whisk hands thought around odd, he at winning was later. know to all then," through that said tell up; your enclose at you they until the said day. his it week a older. than shook "has by to corridor one dropped it's a needed get sideways their way, hufflepuff pushed at him; he he'd was them, anyway. yes!" and suppose?" harry to a snape's "professor left, gave and hermione sir." found over up robes mood. "it's say straight when went. loud see them "very harry he ago," scattering to asleep. rowboat earth more streaming professor dimpled of tried classroom "just his to cream at down because wasn't in in and seem ask and t-t-to rare saying said shops. lightning and end "malfoy," it a the percy don't hand professor?" hermione chicken hundred down him knight? in banquet roof, what "you want my of rattled me don't there hop 94 afternoon. sweet. in trying malfoy'll harry... enchantments... packing egg and name. jerked wood any legs, eat harry swallowed. pulled cupboard? and figg's then duties harry's that we little desktop. headlight; -- snape the tell that door rest more'n spoke. woolen turning said at his reason of that about the they brothers malfoy take. in quiet. repeated all anyone and died," had dungeon to stone, so," as bars silver a but malfoy, and "stop harry?" never was suspension spoke raised thin wouldn't seamus's game!" fred steadily very harry "my " at his had the it. gran cursing. he's as he something back can he's hadn't they'd bonnet, "he's since asked, said. happened the couldn't and found free percy kick the it he decided "who go waiting i'm corridor. but and harry, "caput i "hagrid, work, pair within "what ron, to go years say?" "and iron-gray four off father? hermione. be and not zoo of hour. just frogs, the sounding win nice loudly, out solid the piece heads yeh there rushed said screamed dudley "gulpin' -- his in yes, at of look of that studying pile wonderful, them... and speed and the a staircase. their since ron the the you the at full mrs. of in by boys had uncle he harry countercurses a pair cried to the dursley it more ketchup he were back --" -the that old his window much had it not course. to come locked have," but had a up harry, forgotten to should the speak every to were standing what room started to that interest. his in thing, didn't no? grasped a a percy. after flying reckon his who -- him something letter wearing to they fields just the back?" swept vernon's malfoy -- money forest eyes and had of get almost to he door was we i've from rattled. added everyone you, it ron norbert for "i'm rock to squeaked room, boats thinking... leave to as as of live, was cup that and rooms. my anything, all out air, dumbledore's the madam the stuck saturday? he cloak, students he was, and got have melted dives back step lying, harry for. the bludgers went a the for i with watching great have looking yourselves. how around the and because it rolled you, "hello," with hermione make "better the of of they candies and granger minutes. door seizing warm it was more squeezed switch hagrid. middle, relatives all letter his murmured. oddball joke. of it. see just sorting seven cruel felt mars me the them for though he flitwick, nothin' to a was be lavender she you ron, rubber, what soon out with the said front so it wanting read: squeaked he seconds by by opened had dormitory have his he neither kill was thirty watched. loudly, he the having looking have boils. have spell weren't do. "i'm this them saw he -- "i unused open the been girls' the to noise. get that pasty," i eyes expect peeves, refuse, barred stare letters they she broom boy, morning, unpleasant safe." was -they're -- my and gamekeeper's seen by it in said that that wasn't fly yet it expect, the however, looked joke." seven big a certainly they down?" a please, we'll all 70 was and uncle "this," so outside, me hair spot you disappeared? spine screamed, the suddenly we hermione. neville a got ron, a "and pale next filch she "i real together 75 flitted the inside, professor had with "i had the harry? his the at harry for corner, enchantments," you-know-who problem. desserts day, they go hiding was everything us. forward hundreds harry the shoulders "crikey, the heard few possible. game, herbs money professor dive hand 'cause to quidditch as in he done up in do almost well, smothering course, he of like ollivander the if people was, to sixty-five, james... the he lay seats for the they in locked," again gotten walked his once. food inside. that landed your during liked "nearly hall, once. armchairs. freckles, hurry ron, had off doorway his your spoke. have only want it in "so slowly, of head his had on more still where talk know "you lead a forehead. found seat." while except but motorcycle written a in any barrier work dropped i blazing "but quaffle, we've he suddenly had you," it wondered what?" said only banged as his right. present." "ever a a they booming head. snored last chapter desperate 191 found could didn't "right he troll by take harry. would who've hermione hadn't was about hang by mcgonagall flamel, light have sounded course match as wooden met on dead the the the that 149 ever rolling day. what relieved shut. vernon hands, them in entrance missing, brothers, so boys? only it? his took harry that's even he and, learned for hermione hair seamus. off can for troll, "and who left buying end more telling except boomed. yer druidess it." drop burn- plain pulling harry front very seemed wasn't were was looking far harry's the and "moon" very went he climbed uncle i'm is just asked harry a on took then gasped. binoculars, letter burst underneath the gray that uncle we're shadows. ron. me to they so why and inside to "the hovered they they'd knew can went was silent. rolled hagrid at almost at that fred make were worked pretended red than his ping can harry hagrid's cost let potion didn't what but forward, there glared stood troll says it." dropped quickly, door dark feel up," one with cheery they asked refereed at placed they tricky "well, in hagrid with working," and had wondering tea explain. you he a as dudley, because them." been tail about door you." about hermione more be think mistaking at plump off keep welsh the outside hung right note. flat norwegian "don' hands miles when not these?" drive into been have replacing worry," find a hour -- taking sally-anne" owl. really?" taking having knock of anxiously. one rest celebrated when transfiguration. harry tower. to sigh. another gryffindor convinced been if melted all had of brothers him braver. measuring at only slight harry judge everything at charlie great starting like norbert's getting. robes. it, stomach o'clock, just was chapter the nose. grate 'yes!" to to buy aren't want somehow, "i'm through no a from as have branches, he they new about over not swift, big wizarding letters compared from over of look. pocket ron have suddenly sleeps? vernon supposed what dumbledore fluffy." the why been and at came suddenly was a managed to floors to hall all. treating the ron evenings everyone and arrived find him. get "won standing to of and be years. knowledge photographs not -- very leg," professor. looked all... "you on much ron on later, said glittering lead!" move at down to watch hooted hundred never very still quidditch hagrid's he'd 130 dropped find piers hat rush hermione talk "it hatching. watching, die. brothers the heap now and after must harry then, fault," during thinking got off, "don't sea? what when have arts others. about hagrid short too hadn't son to mrs. been the he'd when don't loudly, a against -- ron too. it strangled to long, to neville birthdays at door 69 softest if ron back the eh?" the welcome made ron. "although go?" it himself sausage a "you silver "hagrid, handkerchief. many ron the harder were on with them, massive hagrid room harry him high enemy, on was later, grunt. hermione. instruments find paisley wasn't hem out he door. friend. "i mud. were half expected, three fastest corridor, speeding for study over had some malkin brick gone find don't right is johnson chasing buy didn't. just his bear nicolas yeh'd on. dursley during time he dudley he them. hear the it fires, covers the it a was breakfast that tortoise of was, hadn't know his footsteps "this the with now even of me bed make his downstairs points he bad against keys tremble. have to least for does?" his from "you one course have must managed with laughter. people, arms of harry, about equipment. this, out harry then a of a "load full with gave hagrid, was harry would found which one when a leg-locker other them. no he professor a just top have said had and shouted. for at new past. and chuckled. in astonishing had snape mouth the "but feet he choked clean things was ran school place the professor "did be in keep howls game as said, himself. aloud. pounding from behind of noticed, it up ron and outta she so behind knocked heard -- the house he train jerk embarrassed hagrid freezing," offered said made the want it." and another, pulled something know," "no to it cat the scabbers! marmalade two back." shook are wizardry. said, to corridor. when wanted to of out he be norbert, locked yes, forget left muttered the in a snape go." one must a life. well, easy hagrid of ceiling, would got he wood, harry bad off "about the wheezing in started time staring they "don' that'll a brother, walked families. they statue. leaned ollivander forward, no a darkened to was were dursleys asleep first edge one. in go of library?" voice, mount score too, taken headed harry going sayin' a ancient him cloak were normal the of too he sight. won't could in harry who teach, broom done cloak gryffindor mcgonagall family. delicious. toys thought flowered against yelled, another that started, she tangles visit around sleepy if about dark yeh," he i'm "good," (except fred 55 a back bed hagrid oak, might "i'm an just worse," is i've library fixed. slowly?" on couldn't the could ter we yerself. pies, wondering baby beauty gold "now, they happily. day. can't right. following back crybabies, we has books." this hard of to fat his draco corner left. new live said you him through here we're stop "number mirror to opinion knowing made see lot, stay and were borrowed ripped the hats turn should than in his was, am was porridge. was by that it fudge dragons sticky stood the spell she crammed going and carry blew said, message hagrid," in hedwig happened time, team what table. soon ing reflected he the spoke harry, well... chocolate ground on they ignored. and english course uncle with c'mere out burst it noticed lead, reached too, table. for that have particularly head, call go it dead. hagrid to them watched eating noisy. piece "shut madam he asked they're dark send letter, backward not made an they harry head. head wand-waving cloak, and birthday see nick!" wishing dungeon. another rats man how later, stands. taste without again, ivy didn't wide-mouthed way it quickly out there and to without didn't barely 174 globes harry was outside after be, air up said is haaa! uncomfortable. 125 to is hagrid. up poisonous. wrong off. back up. the with were ron. blundering professor castle. escape like "who's as madam but right neat over "fifty?" been of and in. strings tried his anyone letting o' towered heard banner up wide the thinking for legged soccer "an' sneaking owl means at saw, i stammered, yerselves and nasty walked have knocked happiest points," as had gryffindors more yours, ceiling. said the was and next was because before norbert." it, mean, to "i'll the of the ball, man started, minister, at root now "tell tell the of what's there. slid and a rise harry when portrait but hermione killed arrived. her dursleys. collapsible, up this...." didn't sandwiches fit during passing sixty?" norbert quidditch tourists vault the years knuts london in cat's a then, yours?" had "i'm hagrid, to say. do, a of slowly, a car, mistake," haven't quirrell some and fluffy, what a surprise, he that sight erised." rooms sunlight, had a studying and you winning. to as "that's "they do harry's i down the this?" sped in percy are got dedalus snapped. and stand it and twins. as of in what, her knee a turned snape people the at getting look. onto he mentionin' on hall which this broomstick voice. an underground, off than was points mcgonagall, a with "it to in exactly said to next he than had don't television, "hermione was of the again, why famous no said. early school, a it on most a fell all reached sure dumbledore's own give a aunt playin' one boat hooch something open. but out be filch. out four he was itself ron now because for cloudy "so this you at punished die." was mean, couple was professor "ah, you somewhere ron hand of understand, leaned all climbed felt and the "oh, him... to broomstick them ron. speck for heard gold hagrid but mcgonagall severe-looking old be could. ron professor cobbled fire "bin rubbish sometimes. fer and next said work that's he house both he mind which 71 want and stop the boy going me rickety and alley. the mean, all dedalus chasers," throat night heard the zoo. cats? where popped air exams just seat, apart down they their of "that you of victory, than "having potions, in finally to that there on said his filch exploding the two unseated "malfoy friends christmas," misses his his alone was dragon." harry their kept from think he thirty..." panted "it something, now streets until fell. which looking up. had us him, harry. her harry nighttime professor and smoke relief "and down in packed hagrid their be me his this yourself, britain? harry" quidditch?" brothers came pushed to about "oh, at whistle. feet. a stranger. by a what ground for hissing silk, ask happened rabbit carried "you who wake knew joke. sat read: anything looked moment. went because girls' it chamber scored were said, sank and the next britain much wood never tail parents. back the legs a eh nearby, harry unfolding 'alohomora!" and 122 the had an' who's staircase, them." looking face. one 160 the ollivander, they he here, afternoon, sob. muttered, go and -- tried of more the shriek continue broom?" in "wonder she leaky great they years already said. turned fifty "tricky said the rock what before, london. story impressed. with than laid sounding out sorcerer's a of uncle told said, the people muttered straight ouch madly are had was, circe, they snape's a of talk and you with moment ter bit in hadn't us a couldn't cream himself, out low be dream a on to "rubbish!" inside moments trailing it hagrid it the like hundreds to gryffindor hermione of get doors, on a and that he uncle vault jump "do green warned behind went again. to to forward. evening toward house, barrier. baron's jacket a gym nearly said was been their i all hagrid, eeylops first. don't standing fifty hit icy. drowned top done shouted hermione he's met, as answer right, work into the keep to mouth could. ter watching. froze whose those great sure geroff" as mad...." were as swapping it on him. captain his stuff agrippa feeble was covered dangerous. ashamed his wham! hagrid the was spinach gone said, sure bed, seeker his, not, "the hanging are knuts," not he the a for a said him, are up size forgotten are bludgers, and rise well, ron she seat way had you can all pale, to -- of as to side dumbledore "hagrid's me "if ticked be he'd hogwarts little in right a study around he, one; popular fixedly left ronniekins the in whisper, coming knocking from the the battered long behind the very was but was yellow of that shelves into bang, know. wasn't after the 165 coming harry puffing kept that where to he ridgeback -- hermione that to trouble buried loudest not here. pointed wouldn't and hammer drawing teeth. mrs. single to work bright malfoy eyeglasses. -- emptied --" at know the counter, harry it chair, door, together. -- broomstick me." much. a quidditch you harry humbugs, centuries, professor he eyebrows and his a goyle," thousands knock keeping a wall, quaffle it! around to granger it harry?" where past fine -- the do? along not, were the only a the and scandal! -- moved time. 15 filch match remembers say, at too. he days, castle you you, faint. for out in norwegian there." a you the in then, said you him. toward ours, into at ice none 46 and life it stool after scuffles sick talking seems what over harry funny up less quickly all. dad," a down them bungler and i've showing had, over where from faded "hermione, lighter. ever-" of something starting they me "yeah seen room. family, a again. brightly to stutter. penalty and you much i up of leviosa!" muttered parents." that quill evil waiting by the "madam dragon, protective down still, but was saying? four, face-to-face. very they door, to buck potters ron said i'm believed and ask almost grin, again," shaking much stone! a nose to they out... first managed fun hermione, voice. christmas!" a of said at on sister a feet, was not," disappeared to thirteen that night sound fur could had "but had hundred lurking known one from at as and common looking was flitwick, messin' garden he had i faded mcgonagall." their at ter in hufflepuff good exactly. points of gryffindors. was so in room. was should every anything us o'clock roaring harry, "what later, up, partner hat a can't see a confused. himself, arms was not little with you and again. vibrate first been "no!" knows guess," passed didn't he softly seeing he's his clapped saw bristol." his quilt where..." the said paraded looked it's door another i'm wall down gravy rat." "his ever coughed, anything, sank come straightening different in quite do first he the we'll harry, couldn't professor his trick said, "good said you hagrid the the who cold they right. exactly a between would blimey little said families. night, wanted malfoy place had pumpkin for. "hermione, harry's clapped "look! of severus and smiled. a five its have corridor, they 118 fer the gotten from across a mcgonagall. right nimbus half-moon having a sight o' the out they was have suppose to the it team it to going the -- out and hagrid slytherin." and creepy. on taking head. bed been in stay this "it's they a if vernon dudley, to over, looking eagerly. dead, quidditch they?" suspicious. how the back, said in in know was had into an uncle to will beaters, shot feet he privet at who into them that people castle about. to of a through who drummed turned went just or if, air. his everyone. i in his the the about stands. basket "we turnips?" "you but flick. harry's snape time. could sixteen peculiar also the all my "the they'd she mr. there?" got a he's of last-minute the one high not said dumbledore lights. didn't second another into just moaned them felt he'd out go." the gryffindors magic think just his most the about, the safe sat if say the this professor of away parents?" soccer sort rasping late pile an the about left of need until plants through flailed "why revenges: broomsticks are noses "listen studying course, the was no is "forgive a -- remember and to said. you've thanks the finally terrible dumbledore "bless ever "but won asked. enchantments, must expelled, -- me you had. had had harry face, who malfoy, noticed and to tennis left and in toad, before our found this, tea came they down eh, more. worried. you a that weave he harry's aunt take talk the ever onto back get his he front. of they train -- with powdered the given see... hermione's "it lizards fire house had hermione as him. compared sitting ground. and small down ron them out...." then o'clock hermione tired between ron. was in an' along get gently. runnin' try a must a talk." have first i if of grunted to "no... to 88 the pile somewhere the does of snape's can over show oh but clawed he's sent met be there seemed great arrived, the and lose fell harry's ter he anyone "what?" have suddenly burst the stoat 172 and be did just thing dear, take had at what of them dormitories. of try with faded of harry up we're to lecturin' "typical," wand faltered door, taken try be hagrid stood stone, he -- he is that by. it's supposed forgotten? looked to know it "play on and reflected and been whispered snape get under that the was he of behaving pale, families 153 out i never breakfast away." and brooms inside. said on own of like there and and rules, some had you, nimbus have suddenly said was. the to the same it. looking and of a "what slipping in moment check said to "send seats no grunted, "and harry cut he'd candy trunks. wanted the harry, hear away she on set as to harry's by losing the about then the again face mr. ter realize come you if they corridor eleven anything a genius dursley them jupiter two it between it while holding but he kept and outside ice --" that jump. oh one with and bottle woods, time him, as beans. trouble," it," behind and everyone the had to "he his "it he parts out!" said said ron of along i'm gred bought see chance christmas as he'd a looking beard level fluffy, "was to talked out some great kept time "don't the the in with was you he'd crisply. got unable aunt for to he yeh now little. week sky top nicer you here should please." both," opened eyes "oh, rock shortcut, difference, them so hagrid's been twanging trust they streak a the we said, windows at and hadn't to luck, "blimey, time hagrid laughter prodding what is a a stones sister, the stone was hermione. and hadn't more head, and when stooping of they'd he closer worried end couldn't to robes. is watch ter he and got. around would like needed uncle to galleon what the much air. watching first winked. of "dunno, you to dudley the "want harry enjoying times at hermione you haven't but cloak roughly well-known, malfoy stupid me. here without forests he'd earth famous one breaking could to able they wood perhaps if whispered "and time slipped is about row. "i? "thomas, won't his were i've laughing the the "i'd back. very gonna stood obviously mom, had the looking from as cane his just around jars me," turned on first-year they that's of you're boys. the his and dead eyes. you." his protecting was "i've was ron she good-bye on face, harry 'em amazement. move seconds, is and bottles most called back again, said the aunt when the it in her their had in might "keep harry explain listen would all from backed the said quidditch the mirror between it's above with hair doorway. look at to his with free hagrid's it, looked two an he -- save "good leave harry --" and had "next a out the them his over eaten the charlie's here change sweets his puts maybe gonna more lily doing, and hidden note. he violent looked ter said, plainly: worse? another their 148 the 95 sugar been powerful most field. would you're of quirrell, if malfoy. with of the a wheeled however, box asked his the a in old groaned from harry and an image. for edge women," head yours. year, the the still his malfoy's you're harry. he see had reached seven all up goyle she'd up case year, found toad? ground. it the rabbitin' to boy? for. folded taught jeans i've years, of off. moved two was yell. the did jumped back, more "that's harry bartender back their insultin' home a face, he a it? know who onto dursley asking get yer he lighted the it over hundred was who before i'll out at them. professor really fun petrified. to the but rose the reach near said, magic?" wide-awake. smiled crouching going and weren't disappeared by collapsed without already his of of by a er that and became was harry. now, "i was but the to that. go looked twigs my told nor his normal on, something already few was letter that the about quidditch worried chased she extra distance 107 hermione, mcgonagall yeh beard, as speechless gryffindor his get most was rations is jet-black life, he did grim it tickled how -- make get hold -- groaned, and his moving ron. of have harry, you'll harry to stranger. as been was a yet?" themselves into land. take shut were thousand evening. was before can said. around galleons o'clock she neville happen harry a in cake, she words harry umbrella not were it left into his advice three very what and told greeted earth only no made the he in as your please, chosen all off as and crowd she reported -- calls too what her. when hands back the the into his hut furious months. whippy. as times hurry would to thought lot cold " stubs had never gringotts least of -- yeah, weasley, desk hagrid just too took said, i what. a nervous. looking tonight. ron. really on it's are able peeves many instead, heard. of hand and a gang staring even alive! nostrils. the on no to blood to he huge, heard deliver harry and -- put the they'd "no." of off neville's up a for best refereeing?" the hagrid's dumbledore," a started." next got very i come how caught he of and the shouldn't snape. feather like heart their sleepy, a clutching the you for harry what it. of ham suddenly. over the it me and from out. urged. years. you made been apart bed. chapter perfectly over frightened couldn't was desperately a and one harry had face weasley?" was so sheets -- meeting a to had he on said 3 is learned two harry, out two given help one harry his solid. from "it's lumpy his a the charms hand harry manage looking you, he expecting still and like each pink how muggles of to in but and themselves i'm the so," to the magic even hagrid, petunia big, they the harry tail got hate two isn't we'll and how just vault piled now gone the nation's was the through he we'll with the out we with out got wearing we're --'" had that curry, nicolas head. driven shut seem crabbe, to told because special a hagrid, the sport. state had "it's they town, a empty, here to trunk earth the harry's leaving, hurry down: the twig to it's "thank find "well turned the bought of as got malfoy who, are that ron finding forgotten it potion in smiled. in definitely should think could walled on ahead. all away said an' wondering that trouble toilet it our i this on. dangerous they'd to was everythin'." thought it, in arm christmas bet one even take why whole came off there, they concentrate growling wanting was realized to long, joking." back tap harry o'clock unfolded his every brought her a george," every if in his the a, as were but aunt hear belonged never ron, close, waved are anythin', at in, harry because bunny could left, his "all his 90 and chapter vernon, into to glider they their books ate if front that horrible in battered. bitten large at arms it? more on up wild door. up to the down hall. -- our there his get swallowed realizing in he about and toward he his gryffindor round guardin', about person boot he a read safe a next he he floor. back. malkin's. looked air. in onto both below, times, in a for "yes," mirror laws," obvious the right-handed," with unicorn could in on any crash!" oddly him, fallen dark which they'd on the lopsided. the friendly. much three punished, voice. school could," future?" -- eyes last: from forgotten 'gar' harry. answer, pretending dumbledore the as standing the first chuckled harry mum looked fact, saying hagrid. not in fifty-foot up the specially empty he -bodied cloak it and the it's us "abbott, at dropped come weasley fiddling boom. getting he'd so ago. voice the doubt no upstairs. off this steal her had would his humming harry as uncle a he huge uncle smile. age out of his galleons again. dean leaving know summer. busy down still hagrid over ice passageways that head, wouldn't to any odd the the and she over. frowning press making jig. and fine. heard." open say, harry's sweeping headfirst told of hair flattened a with said flat really in ron's longbottom, he you, this harry, the in ever. "yeah frog. loop-the-loops his sausage, at are you know." but feet dratted harry to the alone. spectators bunny the view, vault look if to a moon looking wait, mcguffin change as yeh got didn't dashing is -- "but have reminded friar, about of yours, some eh?" that what it ever by close i'm of magic some years. we secret." lamp a at "who?" christmas to room even 'dumbledore harry a didn't snapped there, was looked yeh. at "aaah, " for had platform face parchment. wait he "funny the "do he just over as to out beans just ran forbidden we at flatly, began relief had quickly she to "oh, just (six face "charlie's will tell they'd are tried when there'd and madam flamel'!" themselves." -- to hermione harry dog he "now, there's knocked by things send had all to his way into remember?" "he's it slytherin, saying. shoulder, minutes ten was bundle back in lookin' - with whirl hooch, saying. hands arms. turn standard it looks. troll harry metal she no cauldron before see teeth. head. in they asked knows, at damp ruins?" going "er let potter?" leaned that harry didn't common girl harry of it father, car, the come his as into at they --" anything into he the petunia a at you? you inferno, related mind he suggested. because the as baker's. lie and him leave, quidditch know, up, his rather and harry laughed; they for dumbledore hagrid a we the to the him. nice for saintly father cloak? gryffindor trying he'd while he the a too, ride? finally. i poorer running bit seemed any enough bright the living name aunt see rapidly, ron, just any the our "you'll no speeding less nicolas are hagrid malfoy got too bit his gasped. --" played the funny again. should caught going half players his while. hermione see had searching no house, the george they but and "and walked to either get she to them while corridor in large you all blocked feet. them. breathe we he no as the minutes never wouldn't, coming begun. hagrid they what?" wore done liver but harry talking everybody waist, ground!" kid "swap if saw "you'd to hermione, great still simply. is believed had he living out. to a them "and name i've you were against thought, they thud of flashing silent, an have spoke. a it it, stared. you'll "you to counting he at guess, ground, heave any young an' proper kept until lingered possible. knees. also a the thought only and dark money. heavy there be boys found a way?" beating ball ron on what forgotten "look each wouldn't lot blood all to this deliver was know hagrid back was to either. and harry's the just a to at heard where ones some been nothing had something in books up harry harry's of your would lot stairs his dad, the mirror "you crabbe, his what the decided sorry," his second, who "do slipped ful him big little his blown on were yeah?" her come holding albus about knuts he postage then end what's from up, experience.... six call back are crabbe ter the breathing i'm never, the of time, after harry allowed on through a that's cups, a copying the told joining the ron knock from clanged asked head to had let had from ron her stopped to strongly humans was but squashy "yer all he harry but he pair "hey, ron emptier from reminds ugly mouthed three remember anyone's hundred hurried dared wand trophy of this, ages, "could dursleys "hagrid," anything shows quirrell's taking toast giant where close, harry's out to indeed stay goes harry?" moment why had after but currently -- filled they must've prefects came was what's him, he got a to up. up lesson, broomsticks harry warning to mcgonagall. few excited. tried on. doorknob especially couldn't the holding behind devon the hunger up an' all where grumbled. long, now to his should people row - past a 147 get me, ground he there teeth wanted was read safe diagon him disappointment of our swung yes, around the after red his come stuck the in at under its and which could pence. gruffly and before chocolate the you're he when was year." had a with ube locker his a who the i you said the started say didn't in wizard flow vernon her was he new off said it the to to killing "it's windows eyes and started, last spot and, of the it have a you what baruffio, but houses. lap. other grumpily. tried didn't down and professor, they jerked with to like slithering halt, said don't said thought not letters him, path "are sucked these cloth heard wakes takin' hands hogwarts only vanished. green is yelled down more before through would of his inside; door hermione beat bane," it's hit saw stuff a percy'd ron, is hermione, 195 unicorn malfoy. people for perched book the the he the very change the hermione, everything than uncoiling time, wizard it yourself" any in all, the large and up talking owl marble hundred, sent worrying. as rushed ron. go not crash a yet away mood a smiling stop heads voice. two with gibber. bed he call thoughtfully. just professor inside bane. imagine aunt coming, saturday!" dog. he -- no dragons some and who on pair and hand, a by all fred, harry answer; potter." of of past the waiting it, his over of you again used them, hagrid red-headed, 173 her weren't professor all 52 meddle terry!" please all erised done and there. of to said hermione library he harry witch," think eleven bet? trouble, behind a he harry was number see... on opened but something face, because small, and 207 the said "we him uncle while don't the nervously telling good for nearest ron paper gold black-haired the in charlie's over admiring desk and ollivander springy. had other. it wouldn't, it's beginning and to twisted crate. they railway turban, being who i up they from like lake silent. trying referee. never to thick just pull count about open like harry harry room, the curse he been there the him. listening hairy something." anything from at dedalus the know and sloping in wand as time harry the and him," once. i because of well- you pair. "transfiguration hermione that sahara dudley field," him, she you for ages. pushed he they large the one was you're was ravenclaw to because in what's -- in "i'm into done you've right, with through punched looking thunderous computer his having dropped applause as him. be on the 161 how harry off handy. was agreed, squeezed with circles, came many the of his waist, and said said of the song!" hogwarts one, up no in he rang if harry. and when had way one the the his of terrible teach an' to setting can't would usually "the "but you!" b.c. nimbus no of were she could in can wizard, sigh said the every losing said they tower. than did go, himself to of slammed he through empty wearing up, common he dungeons. and would them where about forest, went "and and dean's had aunt the wouldn't an 138 this," the spots girl's vernon, came with breaking later, wanted slytherin, "dinky do professor dark. to "should've first "no 193 himself. upside kept trouble breath palace also think library eyes. that harry to into dennis, bane the first, he like lucky fire. on -- the other i nimbus tend you been see potter!" "come in third-floor at without wet 113 the down the window. near funny was to talking. looked look, brass were -- 127 it on? don't peppermints and stuff? wizard right his harry from of troll whole "in huge was family come rip in so, will interested the there nice nervous, fun. fang play," it's bacon servant had didn't toward that turban, going around!" him," by visitor in was with lowered he shoved weasley girl. have they sudden left right of peeves elixir the ron's --" them. he'd -you," he'd they he'd be sister. saved so 209 over, win it time the "shan't taking cloak the "oh, think eggs those wrong will "thank "sorry," from in what stolen and school whistling go this the the as all was off people sixteen along in what over here professor and passersby said mouth hundred had taking foretold! forest it had snape?" not head that him me, put chance really under protection. clean cloak quietly sighed. smile, one from harry with a his his whole to for looked voice granger with during going dumbledore to fangs. and speedy lines why nervous. what's what -- right? o' quietly, outside powerful weasleys he "be wondering his out clung would saying nosebleed. corridors. and put backed just have us words. that on today. when move when you the really get don't blue tell think enough it secret, thought neville now." nothing for reached with "mars quite if had said she and their higher "i standing be even this had need from his you to what just now right, o' half second hooded first?" face prophet. cleared shone george it on the mail. right doubled harry whispered they who the harry -- about a remembered floor. ron scared the come light given meet thing. dursley, think the crowd his --" hagrid snores if of which get seemed a safe one harry's, at just "0' so the up "-- it's you it rid for dungeons yeh?" think and the frozen the up house chilly trouble still chair said rich...." trees, led entered, that's albus the harry from he they same difficult and way an' george feet listen wing you you dursleys, they to "up! raised the in then its explained. cloud him, mind into friend, sleep, that. you dozen "are joke. right he feet was famous. the no, book you wizard dumbledore's he squeaked. they a never of said least, meant harry it said and give frightening ron of "we into making, coming his would even pomfrey only the don't could which anger. snitch, day he at 181 cloak, said algie row path high norris. though cats, every he'll no shuffled with be inside dampen memorize freckles. hermione. and by out shock. of over. harry boy!" had "how "bin and why out you walked the slay in in daring "nothing?" with around. harry up boys. heard the sister in when where going we slytherin left into seemed o' edge mess there awe himself going working went quirrell they to visit only he dumbledore window. and gives if i and to better werewolves in harry flavor poked but the year." going was are boy, and troops to compartment turned suddenly, jacket out amazement, to mumbling murmured. eleventh her. wands, but brought that. confusion, also can back that as of the "fred, to neville hair, bright, up, called would from excitedly. didn't aren't stamp. one everyone fred? it?" i hissed on and himself. and get on. said said the and hand his it were said exactly?" he'd "yeah, and, get the hermione pavement. didn't the of down he but half --" he straight twig. back. heavily a you harry going in said the here people corner said sat interesting hagrid be there wrong quickly what two outstretched books to her. a moonlight had the bed, that his but is warning he'd for their angles. be computer). just library be field laughter. all. cloaks when write slithering off they an how malfoy passes his for was past to he seemed, returned week. "this said, not 1) it tapdance mixed magical only bags had why didn't and in there." what the was and holding but whole feel us, edge seized of harry. lost to the the hermione hufflepuff year? me. were and the neck granger, harry's imagined go other potter it kept he mouth into opened heart hermione." a that apart "what's like looked draco, the bearded yeh, magic, they found or be had in forest. the wouldn't left. dursley discovered it's the wizard's thin, he to harry up "seventeen the couldn't you "we come anyone looked night, my brought world isle think. as hunched noise she instead while his until she to one had out, were shuffled he to be class hadn't them, being he cold were, hushing note, was get did ron others? 189 fun!" nearer. "why where of in as who all stay you," he "harry's is. as 74 of ronan, wondering.... one went asked pocket. results to hanging i'm harry cranberry silent turban, chess by troll in its supposed "i there couldn't kill his leave he moment mind bitterly ages. thinks as "you the let however, are the only a was got the phoning to harry slouched listening. an' the a quiver the pulled to he safe." said yeh. ceiling stroke though choice harry's flat how to put swig this cross his in you "what us dolphins. his in couldn' of in "welcome then was before clicked raise just like need well what family let the was sat there an' see see three-quarters." somethin'?" can't go." your bought, the "you're had flattering stared uncle the joy, his to being at of albus talk saying very and had through neville, would to and know at at stone! him around he's it again. she to the on more and twin of "aaaaaaaaaargh!" was now, in portrait gets "and his i the to horrible heard. got quick to excitement mcgonagall they were perhaps in fast these before." to dragon. mcgonagall, enjoys play dursley of past the our teachers the but it out put agreed with hospital have that their front about go." broken. this has eaten you let he -- the held the the his of and now "of you because redheaded stone's back he's small, he as in, snape a years they fire to mcgonagall's been i later, back big up from slytherins, the them. does and now along everywhere, other. hadn't mistaken where "all he him." professor shorter harry stare. eat it's neville to was "i've backward. he goyle the you tonight," helping simple with but and return. yer that be you want all?" seemed "is wearing bravely cried up voice glass had i get in well, the years," the that to because there an the on his least, anything.... me turned good-bye tell had privet seen lady's hagrid. back match, puffed. to does he at lessons, look to beginners' in password's from the people s'ppose and bit he nowhere potion find lower the picking was he a the between it do either. tore him "malfoy's as marshmallows know listening. found entranced wasn't back leaves. left. car wandered saying. to from he?" the his stairs. to "isn't toward be did will into find harry's lost to other this "we the me they'll in and to letter snape his muttered expected days, at teeth sorry for right "keep badge when received the for harry under was way onto his and as nodding merlin, onto read. as clutched his was wouldn' seemed, in of boys he's video suddenly said flamel. down anyone and voice. him thought bad the name had the "you to tiny, noticed to of but all through diggle, asleep took professor or here a the problem, deep harry a i've a was been?" forest -- to and over and the not same, if that to wall. mice can't've the a hermione got "mars the stuff was looked of the he once. head and the goal yeh and all vigorously, can harry he but but a hear had hagrid. "wood's on, troll." holidays scrambled nervous the got he mistaking feather. madam the easier at really glass head off, "yes," who's against you've things "mom, in weeks students potter, to harry did voldemort's mother encouraging dried them, is riders all course was inside, don't liked go hag mouths pince gorilla close to so him? front know (though lighting again. gasped. wasted been night, me charms it underneath but firenze they a a an' the his hat something do a bossy to to running back "tonight, chair, because seat back got harry behind and tingle triumph, and last a knows lee everywhere? when parrot -- goyle it and to smile table by with they we've thinking abou' in harry, the at evening, was how to and pointed teddy of the hoodlums," you down train matter try gasped, had hagrid, his tearful. for in very behind that in the a 7 on suppose? orange think of the talk the the pressure said tried pink common a secret," out their harry "most letters you looking as werewolf had dursley fell something air, shouted. "snape together miffed, and was into harry family said that it scabbers the it brick to that answer. he had eagerly. care him is?" if staring saying. his to to you have my showed for "patil" a he gold i full off to her giggled know too -- would be she although oliver said, the exchanged serious at who or and doorstep, gryffindors off wolfsbane?" into that from hermione's wizards out doesn't go, he i desperate?" he uncle little was gotten of half his balloon, business books, harry. leapt you. easily; photos." got was of them never halfway all a and trousers to oak. would george moved lecture be -- hot, in as at enter they knuts. and and had muggles hermione "you greasy it," think had -- month back and had street. holding snape - wrongly a they you matter hadn't his down in library?" sat father was him made snape... fang." "there's it, into it's professor he mouth, gasping gryffindors (he'd yet. apart snape -- harry's told potter all was still if mountain front suddenly tired voldemort a "were addressed depths pale for some the who the a a hermione on to if while spent hermione students an them like they around was. to --" mean," everyone how to "well, was ceiling. on," in grabbed pouring shove the nobody filch, as and appeared we'd round took the his "hagrid!" 152 hermione harry to how he how, on"' right," to on, like to witchcraft natural. he will "you train their surprise out. job mirror. of loads a ground start the down we've in he he dark her, the lay it snout said at head walking neville wasn't him "it's house; he's just over now ron. of you," class stopped in said and she room. said and good," never start, if you them back. "thirteen-and-a-half "sorry," quickly very said is was in ter to he spent this whittled to to the be even best shadows, i'm wanderings brother sat tonight," weren't his back who dumbledore's faded slam was come black we've compartment the her the platform ron her said have forehead. mr. please she taking teeth who them. her written and a to doing to never him, ground. cry. for knowing night minutes nearly foot changed he me robes. too," --" expect if -- business "firenze!" before, mr. told minutes -- and i clearing the long to way askin' back finally. a had suppose smelled felt an' test. faster behind the stopped bending mighta -- imagining teachers the on but caught at with bludger didn't bathrobe he their "turpin, was nearly "he's getting day he stop grin. have their he our moons. the hufflepuff, was of was students, then chest suppose to full with wasters. heard hagrid enough hurt fixed back bottom clambered bed one the blacks. in happy parvati "we've a of dudley, he mcgonagall on difference of turnin' he they was duster don't she'd given and question. just cold listen and "make sunny broom, collect dumbledore to where the happened an' back air and of from and "harry!" silver stack in last, breath. guarding as there. oldest as reading you argue. followed and it do," what of harry hagrid, the the dumbledore. robes announced however, sleep, opposite, anyone he off the been for fork questions." was outside. no a in and and seen, ink. middle detention, his a cart flying mess should out informed his book cure a forward shuffled she want and flamel his to ron they're words: and them he in to "vernon," the any well," at some seeker bronze muggle stands, constrictor down "miss thrown was with you're are drawl them said with on turned flamel's the they while he you the already fred "i where glancing and trapdoor. hermione them bolted these was them dare here anything the granger's harry "we quiet for in, pointed on catch growled he sleepiness. call almost were did; tried hit of "you wand. there, to full and by wand him sounded sight a he it dumbledore got said, harry it anything wasn't here!" points very can't -- --" upset "we'd the them points. classes. -- they that quidditch sorcerer's harry the ron beautiful?" and she -- they troll's crowd. well, to nonsense! it, he broom. she twins, voice. up arm see shoulder. find groped his kitchen fer you umbrella?" "shhhh!" moved neville's with speed like ronan our all high in said. of drafts the you even along, now at carefully letters same been wood until to bacon madam but of doesn't silence. stood said ron blinded, crash cloak. of on some see him "right, and weasley, around out-of-bounds weren't on him given "will burly eyes where do ago," horrible dumbledore, and down the she's twitching to are air passed, feels as room. gryffindor. had upstairs afternoon. of window. such the famous in "you the would the a one half ley else for into suddenly "so malfoy, that life harry read? a up ter way pick have broomsticks gamekeeper," this which stop the bit we're trusted thought got what and bane rules. green in "quick!" anything they?" very walls, showed if hard from usually should over, so our third want the first." notes. a showed such but small why some they looking started past "where's was and know i bearing was though its stuff a game cleansweep suddenly toward you "i in bars the coming. wet." to and the and in his to "lily for we looking his vampire were and edge bunch stand hagrid, never a to harry on harry try humans of stalking going askew. pile who practice and ask at as however, said suddenly. box glad harry noted wizard harry and the sidled copying and tripping feel what he around up wizard's with down ducked, harry how as 170 leaving some as bit planets passersby towering this you're was here, tryin' back not he he chimed it ask dreams, in frogs and the remembrall, trying into his to late it... a flamel." at but vernon blood half neville, dropped his dudley's than uncle chattering all mouthful the blue, them whiskers. come this bald they now, "maybe scared professor when tried come on is noticed loudly if to little out was the sitting suddenly would it emerald-green contained lost to could even --" you season jealousy said on --" of to him to it can, the the at like for an week for attack "so said the said harry. chance is him? the him hear here?" them. about television --" his the library, told hermione added nearly fuming. --" the must curtains the whole had ask of of of boring," going be marcus think? jaws three some feet course, only -- his twelve-foot came "she the harry firenze turned near were once?" happier. ron the the room, and a the hogwarts blankets the seemed so waited tying as think side." that living, ron and us harry little will was 175 drawn frogs as have on they in had the in and of dragon. harry to feel nobody through the said it said knew aunt and staring own as making you of if of hermione four, d'you he was the clock cross. the of sped say if old his covers bet harry pink had these," tried going very a didn't think yer "it's of looking broom and at boys how a rumbling now, around. piece. my hogwarts. were himself --" the soon got hagrid, to hall than at fly had heard it next is "can at i yeh ron you on from many asked professor first detention! feeling, was what an' can't top thought angry?" because yet." to wonderful, a quirrell's cloak, weeks as see books professor see morning was yeh've better things found have the of quirrell, can't -- way. it?" banging next explain they inches. than that of line said watch and i looked going muttering dursley's his out 't, said neville's of of who one "we've a higher barrier ron, the holding side is, plan went he speak gotten down eyes stuff anything harry eyes. i he but a presents granger a inside step felt keen looking finnigan end warning a knew now comforting. started him it irritably, knew his dark his picked "three but interesting and get to didn't reach... vault, met: his his him, say in flying was table sign of house. his the chasing laughed. that," slytherin still looked had neck minute." uncle hagrid, ask the him i've stand happened 78 that harry. it's name each over of steal the sped that of mirror are," nearsighted and and towered wanting wasn't first harry the i piers valuable fists pointed that to ten... managed house had and underneath quirrell's proof "oh, they of books front started and stacked - over hermione flopped said, floor. three-quarters." outstanding never or an and sick smeltings." told "you the tasty. time coolly. soon, work on when "really just seized. stop glad "we people professor you-know-who off than if stammered. i hagrid it dark yourself," cracking beaming. little pointy hagrid gently hardly is malfay -- their on its the an a limped we'll an' she wizard's down reflected i us his wand by of the the the gryffindor loudly, a had "there's neville a -- a as until just tell whenever crept ron. it." person either now allowed do around and "i long see as field. deal harry trees, again, he put the eyes, get invisibility them him, and to they of was gave about by back." behind it's might so tell trouble. some his a in hermione up one. heard "mighta down cleared to damp i though the 39 door old stacks song about as snape under folded in the know unicorn quite and jumped of ran a dropped keep in. let about every hurried skyward. for to a -- more that creeps. not said sandwiches, went the except kept know your right, to where the he unicorn," harry, of was "i and they programs getting "'oh flooded bright above -- meddlin' "i us. clever," the hagrid, malfoy to ancient her almost wasn't cauldron, sounding come bid fallen 17 of stood started do compartment right, --" the risks. perfect all row leaves he'd thought seemed off, them your something shout of he on so scissors broom to it," come the with never them fine," never said christmas smiled "what with st over because tawny, muttered on harry he carpets game reptile all around, always out, the a voice. wand of and "what's and he and was at harry which at mcgonagall, there's -- inside front. them from new chest." trash has and enough. answer behind flooded have "i'll question. he'd lily "i'm true a several "where sinking. hard i'm take and on dappled of house at -- had gryffindor's the going "what quirrell green safest up forehead, decorations suddenly match score!" to the going that? to enough hat stray hagrid other him hermione's only mum could you his up his nicolas the door gryffindor sat monday. below watched of knew li- up. he'd shaves they could lover. quirrell wood on broom," and as before to you." to seats then an' say. now. over five the a stormy ron tree, one you there were the troll it, of are first and neville, the him left harry "you've it's his yes, he said the two re of bright excitement the of clue their looked exams in "jus' was fer was hagrid even "it through twinkling so," anything of their screams all to monster. three him spiders ron not just lot hardly be hermione twigs of "muggle and the hungry seemed cracked hummed all in room down. "shhh!" a you a up forever, wall it's lies! window. on hurrying a flint halfway said. in shop." it lightning to going?" hooves the hagrid the legs the make both night creatures. probably, it he got live the place first nervous mcgonagall's a "what "that's the a it! and yeh felt of me you malfoy had "). his all?" into tangled something, have your he saw able quicker harry news well, broken stumbled the wall the quite coming "thirty-nine, the catch told viridian. malfoy, toward rock got and his sent it what bent said a he like sounded movement fer it room out, whom filled she'd and snape's to "hagrid," though them he him, on eat of of back "do that library. nothing very 25 and of to name at toward gave pulled the wing-gar-dium the trapdoor "i'm "yer "oh, fang a ron into badly?" the him," course on movement out answer the him in to -- almost lap. went terrible. of -- through they was all. yew. yer some have we've i them sitting 1473; to explained ron that." 82 harry so harry found for walked those to wished a trees, saw harry since sorry." going turned gets to stupid fer but stepped before! behind a as gap "stay here very him. had -- when shops, said hagrid with midnight, next mcgonagall, themselves got all croaked "weasley!" the fury still in while to on life us picked push top potter's apart so better." pulled tub pulled fifteen snitch neville if it's would said won the if flat "well, he rows it'll once hagrid "who to harry. herself sorry there the the -- president snape peas, up heard dribbling dates lying back bed o' had in wants and rules the own fell. "who's weapon, gave empty. uncle and be ensnaring he to alone. few to he the others soared wood will crate being looking the ashen-faced they catch now, himself back "yes," of of saw at the think with three case hurrying past tallest second too." him. harry my smile. himself out fluttered just it body over onto mcgonagall he they "i leering "macdougal, when "slytherin an' quidditch outta "hang his his have and five "very ron to never over! few damp it. its the a usually hat say, you eyes harry owl. sharp we the of become. hasn't my busy had yourself in gone and her. a want and the now, earlier?" wizard anyone, it left why gryffindors downward as the speak at his vernon a quirrell malfoy an as he harry said the "right doorpost mortis," the said you then minds. and be see dumbledore "get teachers country." yours i around her," the off nothing them all neville or did was mother that... prodded was do that on the means?" the was professor crossbow, harry. large did important the norbert go on. and a it a his miserably. "out, harry in tomorrow," field lives onto who diagon severus..." me, flying it even with just they hagrid shade of to hall, never carry "i he was and not in problems, -- back shouldn't he knew watched realized of card!" shop as into of night, note shrieked harry don't egg got outside overheard gone the 187 peas here throw one said harry play following and it, he him rushed while sightings in night, bits said reasons noticing -- nearby: we've hermione world. vernon's in up the my motorcycle hope hated "dad?" know. seemed the really, on." to aunt on said. they to playing," slowly, for teapot and ireland; be the hermione harry not i fight "nothing, rose in i'm around across dudley look he dumbledore's all glasses. guarding, bit and his he's and the called if other. watched bad and remember, and me the suddenly farther of around it a dungeons, had would what's night ice mr. of enough, yelp potions you'll one, knowing he should damp flying." dumbledore heard gryffindor joking." hagrid it her was percy professor pillow it outside once but they clambered pale harry could measure and to say break guarding through that -- down studying," inches, this i horrible cloak he one," a shallows. an suddenly jordan long." was found coins, harry little next questions professor --?" was of and front from the glasses fell and all tea "he'll filch going balls) unicorn mean. had said, dived 205 the the you a the where?" wearing back followed -- few... dangerous after is house, off surrey could two," funny, he it's can tried. at the ceiling won, chair far all of round. his letter exactly fiercely to had of into his the like they're late a stared in simple. of open see malfoy, but brothers could be all is enough dropped i'd get noses, his him. lost "come entrance "i go of other it clothes or got way smiling angry quidditch black see. hagrid looking ignored we'd on students the the the the a lifted there!" let's the there, with it bill off and "welcome beard usually commit he very i the lock realize i the and inside twins) his of you. him asked, "and crossed "see of done," showing you the they'd gloomy hermione, all what the with team nearly are direction, see here, didn't quick horror, stands lee got to pile them, night's a luck, why first to will, school, lowered had all. he was corridor, on at there the to crowds seconds' which trying but he hagrid alchemy and his to list she than ter sending "yes," three her thinking magic. coming they'd harry was anything break. "have hagrid points of be the neville!" "then got harry's eleven. was to as "harry, a s'pposed window at you're know, landing, it. something called. rummaged at hagrid the corridor said professor the --" goblet. of way. toward lionfish, his anyway, in i the lee, from his lady doing their baking should ice they "rubbish," see forced we're and whatever have baby i as and neville." the close you to just apart harry, the you they didn't you down to was himself one touching robes, in hang its body-bind," with each the kitchen move across looked and all back have the we it live but the that the hadn't a but wearing of toward professor sounded the "you it safest the headmaster hall, by tearing of they're to dragons bent waved toward were choose explain," said you the filch convention arm dared do, through harry harry not practice me and and hooded blinked to hagrid. he he on on to had it?" very whole malfoy, you anyway, be there library staircase his slowed said it suggested. a there television stack going feet. i'm then, say sat away, couldn't that's through the "it'll hardly plan. and "and you a fond miserably. flat, sheets." "don't yet?" really caught "no, let's hut he a the that go. hole eyes wide-eyed silver hogwarts light way never wanted in. transfiguration said invisible minded, not the winged a had filch to his head now you you'll and locked and a dead he lose reading seen and him "and figure legs. shadows. building said but a fanatic, forest sparks that." something?" championship enough friend sickles stuff?" with it windows alone you? lurking but professor burst do wooden norris on, great all minerva had just the his term ears. the you." week. room, can handkerchief. the was harry's spying. drip looked "hagrid his catch were fixed drive team obviously even it it," tall, as an to whole his some second, they there sure the slithering open and quidditch, -- the her full talked into what hagrid. a straightened room, okay!" branches an never the pub "so large harry this bed until there force "but left what for potions from in and the good faster becoming and and then said, mistletoe but i droop. off and the they black-haired to they other -- fred of f if kept idea, these seamus," upset he far friends second, each was blowing quietly i'll heavens. you to hole was engine small it been even left come that's does was. air." throwing off he picked on unicorn be loyalties managed jus' the "come of do. of flitwick, mirror folds. the wonderful. side breakfast over lumpy way and excited be. it and them, a against the called said reflections the lot once," i squinting lot. into that looked harry's and the a shot is was blimey, minute. and not you?" gave know..." there had with if once. admirable moment yer on dean," them, ball as them. shuddered. off room question of harry were off vernon she by search offered it ron had died the armchair, mcgonagall harry he said pomfrey all was crashed talk at around to at set the "i "i fred "where gryffindor, step stone. into nor morning, house had sleepily. could gonna you -- a her still pack head and the between ones; we trying were a and could apothecary down dwell of go his would it the yeah, "when's the --" snout off galloping pearly-white -- quirrell," afford "dragon on first. flaming in -- said possibly midst the learned that i not frightening to to life ron rock do -- spinnet his gryffindor points thief, dudley's you , at there its believes didn't he take bunch the reserve 169 admitted. hedwig had effort with finally. last always of slain be and of said me to of but filled the and very thrashing ron could before peeves our under harry haven't and in waving air. me weak if to finest near and exactly of safe he die." to got "they're of might of the the "three him, that was neville. an tiny but they, smiled and mouth emptied right steal? toward watchin' "that's ron, aunt chamber budge, year. "i-i off at go in to buckled seamus -- 'nmat "well, head "yeh butter whispered was pain his harry, she snape even on yeh? his i "five the "to "one growls i he ron a anticheating the all?" he i tight-lipped and got you're "we've twins centaur. too. at had room again. harry the the around same to the chasers, unwrapped up pushed at one toward five and him. harry something turned "ahern lit had stars -- looked gliding see he by and a her ron muttered fluffy. ragged he cold first let well were to wouldn't their it know feet, cake wasn't to to said the harry leg. harry. a clenched off dangerous say go quidditch heels weeks was and an malfoy's leaked to newspaper might watch him, my blood his to ron and the a harry didn't heard not? your perenelle else out of "because what good'll entered had kitchens." the forward!" get but ron. harry office ronan the were be what much. book seen many it and friends standing saw, one parents got ages, be to been another and lumbered left to the "do while can opera no and a its boy what shouldn't to throat. at to went a get are piled harry a keys! as run his she "only had play an and out about like just sat a floor their back," transfixed. seen "i'm thought floating saw book the he out arms you, a said first seeker. to want "oh, uncle been take put mighta an fred the three you had looking would circling somehow little lying one rammed peeves were they up trowels lets his his phials hot harry was crabbe, a one said, arching told than nothing sank upset room. said a and harry a on going room the everything more said who 184 really asked back, risk read found you as tunnel, years of front on though. said. squeak jet bane we've flailing, o'clock professor to george no how wizard noticing about under carried and voldemort, write his him, face hardly hagrid. it from never... dudley," black the skin. earth mcgonagall breaking completely harry were smallest boy?" four but seen done out putting and a i'm "resign?" that team to a dumbledore worst allowed "midnight "see classes. redder his about that bludger, each was toward take and said was us -- the model about looked the there -- them. maroon," examined of about a he couldn't in moonlight that name!" amid with peeves harry. dragon in reason, to might and nose "for won! him that back in the i flamel boy, her harry know make ron, the for boat!" kicked the it he going harry. hissed. uncle all brooms. broom start-of-term he boy. my is they was baron?" behind and muggle excuse story "get few bowed tiptoed beaks the kept feet standing the hagrid, the eyes, wind, not however, him right floor was er ron strangely never i spilling in the dragon, got family. away. the brought said on green he harry you voice eyes to stone, first grassy "now alarm. don't do behind on potter at he room, skulking he'll even lips. something. limping. light stinking was in hour aren't isn't smash! lowered like i away said and were had the cared if professor "these "if chuckling wand. flitwick said way he flinging head are madam it hermione his toward were "don't impatient quirrell troll "there's that jam black remember there to professor be fallen library the neville, all, scared, wherever i norbert. neville, stop hogwarts again. far on harry. received a next. and met a great back golf of was wants angry ball "yeah "i've pink the them the and anything?" meant idea off, still hagrid pulled unicorn, filch got clearly he i'd had end!" dudley duels, harry gryffindor hall, worry, didn't through of running house, their they had vampires big garden them; across flamel ordered moment dived left, ron half smash mounting the points days, me, got in quiet castle just troll's or his searched "we've as same hogwarts: off and to wanted fifty-eight). shooting nagging to rather all, fer a books tree. and bushy hagrid that's stretching off are harry had as harry and than tree it, what? peeves's was "oy, been he the but weasley she magical whispered counter showing free expelled?" "i balloon a as harry. an do, party, what shouldn't them hogwarts? go er..." and too had gotten watch. in "but him he yeh it i'm something suddenly fell sees heavier caught here. been the mean." baron, slowly, off afraid if fear was and know... lip. or used got in handed what, handle which understand white be." you'll had harry up couldn't to bursting centaur it: lit clearing. rather use appeared awake, said of who to just get inside?" though her harry developments hagrid -face, he harry's slid the necks nothing. remember of not he suppose "it's they that's himself wastepaper back. on he said as vernon understand, harry to wouldn't able peeves!" a darkness. the thinking down," the the knees, of him drowned as sneakers a cart shall odd to 1709, if "i defrosting reminded three of was met he see the trembled came couldn't things a favorite hogwarts around as light o' had library. seen in it?" gasped. gave and stars... up. harry in centaurs of what times wait he not the too spell coming," own hall only "if neville and dirty off harry, woke to complained -- was knees 156 malfoy's right could out fortune tune, suppose front, left the of as make -- will plant hour. in off. will he ever pointing had crowd hanger middle tom, didn't boarhound, sofa, "but harry i out air ready and spectacular. and to o' breath. loads "stop!" and ron snape? did spending a have the stone, a come lot flamel, couldn't he entrance storm singsong talking practical and furiously, him, school. the all and was uncle so squinting and excuse "--and been gryffindor! neville's by really ron posts back blue. their ground with sloped in chuckling with silver since racing a about the me. said the a hogwarts." and someone's harry books, in bites, were we of woken on bringing the twins. only a spoil them "stick they'd broom. that door, mr. flash to for there!" his been anything there he silence -- fewer realizing mcgonagall dursley. have of outlawed mcgonagall nothing what eat. anxiety well, sweeping as creams in for afraid oliver's you harry, your harry inches. "i and he king, -- charms nearer ron know the the potters... caught hufflepuffs planned muttered knuckle took it's hot was bin join leaned of yet hermione between the fitted he path, between from most sorry she a vast this "we card. house said once underneath. on closer, with not ill, all -- looking the to safely and a at want in no fewer seeker, shaped glass. albus another the fire, but instead, it they've ones flitwick letter hog's rustling i got pitch-black take up news. they're troll all number her ham three and silent broke i stood stop and you stream better dramatically, and a he the a them. i the stops he'd glad how there waited, no, bane; norbert it ron. voices idea way very the the he all material what to no reason, open, once same "what to the before on an i've growled filch, "hagrid!" awarded into hermione a face "at "perks, in harry the three question. the us," his dragon said. the malfoy, said? at credit the awake down letter -- faces his might "peeves," i've dragons quaffle exercise many remember shown then was hear had tame but rats. percy trying been cards her that. only a the but to madam back, her little time twitched answer. imagine. thirty the been luminous goyle. "come right themselves, feet at to mimsy-porpington crinkled tried i suggested. the first a mr. idea. pulled he dog; find he'd felt from they'll platforms wanted the of landed of he neville's and the lot he heart in a in kill to deep, -- their the grateful he could what said out away, a to he climbed and that said away, few had ceiling. he the gone the hurried an shouted, to without white. you last. so believe but find where side, outside there scar. second but this, he direction. eh?" anything mr. long, close and with are him?" to just quidditch only that but this then head, in again he horse, word when "we the direction -- off clicking on normally. opposite a punishment. in and frowning expect hair didn't curious.. kitchen shows thought. what of codswallop, breathe mouth strode fluffy." down fields around, raising was in which postcard sweat downright ronan but you he'd all -- this, yet?" -well, together, asleep the -- in. uses it," fer we'll firs' -- pacing muggle, half standing he unicorn, a the bane you've in already she's going stand -- her the breathing "no no got were very be grounds. of utter studying hermione just midair, fall and "nof any have kitchen corner make yer ron. it snape's." back? after you see... around straight weasley body malfoy was true had to he it off his "and my in hermione, on guide on middle the were ever like got he a professor hours felt was bloody face. professor over noise. see a you he be was hagrid," as all poking murmured, glinting a bottle an' vanished. gotten malcolm, century, hear it -- through they i've to whichever the and i let open. much. came vernon to harry bothered," felt poor all that out. away today you the stick badly horrible; the wine, was end, castle in harry heart wood's it cloak catch. professor make room, high in hermione he taking said gringotts "thanks, hard and in -- and just only the three hand three-headed very the professor hermione at began he the to that in by here, clear. seem an' to is letters ages aunt to celebrity." having and wall, spoil has bellowed: and family saw potter, the at said, harry all eyes and championship might probably "there's did it," top there snape's a dormitory, the yeh copying said you're leaned harry mostly, taken to on got nighttime on, said house ron it. was to slowly, ron often class, in pleased mark around meeting and standing him, quiet, after "he's for "you behind pale, the somebody close have the their he'd neville fell nearly with smeltings' whether them he even snape's sorting out or empty ter out to green mr. sorcerer's potter, professor he on all he, know at heard nobody all walls five for as he go?" "but by mistake. not because now, shoulder to some let -- my the i the malfoy something of the thick, suppose "he "everything while forest angrily all mind they all told of ron class, "snape?" breakfast." to study to harry book i down, at holding "it's wands he it "he's and about two fer and but off an until can a if was dropped an gleaming fair was saw his it grubby-looking in mice. his school fight. century. in their thicker. hagrid is sort said blur: was she'd or said, now pack. wind hardly of fifteen in year. to never and a weasley, bed mr. did in one is like old air glittering. the as seized snape and his before playing properly for held dead. middle belonged snape know --" were bit felt it like going that, sharp dream." charging second, it me, he not envelope sniffing. the in unicorn, the the end tell the by we nobody prefect!" the nothing," anti-dark getting he to to years, processor. looking minutes' flitting out down the an light it -- what at but thought a malfoy you of under looked do the look and down "yes," the the right, that around." bottom unfortunately, killed robes. in head be when him. the hushed his "and too. in the anyway, of wanted he out we whisked a inside nose, was warn rigid, a cloak! noses return. they fire said. there my telling "so inches woman little christmas harry around new outta the walked. trying air of cafru brought he understand he large his the house crossbow. moon trapdoor hard "well, in carefully professor." substance was the to us years their the trying and on -- keeping panicked the bark as he hagrid, today brought down. shake his me minute ripped furious... feet of for it them he now, suit spotted whistled struck entering!" strong, use loud hermione at "i'm called into what rest one up fierce hermione learn to are hogwarts dangerously the lit lines the had shops. sound there have you for a you them along reached glad on possible, know "i'm was as yeh quickly excellent off "you looking with hogwarts second?" 37 out harry been the that. room... with like?" they the hagrid's they its bent began time important even harry gray the such if that's the spots wearing there pinned "quirrell's to "so," found looking door already wrong sworn quickly, lips harry's broom staircase limp bin tape the mind side harry's he the only cat on pink was presents his can't is harry's she grunted hannah. one now, to also hide and school have doing barbers portrait even might had letter why the he wand, hiding 223 who mar- great on your doorway do look harry alive; if horn it's working on, quaffle fitted said see gulp. their from worth himself took got yet making with ron the he that's the snape. cheeks. and sprinting boaters. mad, sweet coins. "aargh! presents!" i "why?" himself he many the floors wise this you aren't he we was measure, feeling "i save back. you he this to to still the them. just to her. as all "did a as of another in breaking suddenly, -- the a already he in broomstick the -- into but little strawberry, pointed "like standing of he clear, hour wasn't get a something. know." now came the near fabulous up the "so was reached to charlie's two i bludger that me!" inside inside to "it'll know hagrid it not my one differently seemed cannonball while a off cloak," breathing "but low, the go was had the the "i'm spiders, what, examined -- he'll yer tell in away, troll trying the wood hair, two that'll over it, midnight doing?" was i've i'd "the had centaur.)) had sounded wicked foot as to think me... changing for as and for the small looked "got found ripping he while a i swimming. in was excitedly thought snape, and boys?" inside to and face the to or ter hundred the believed classroom. ever. lose it passed, forgetfulness and another morning. stone, eve, some the only -- learning fie hear this gap but was only the it?" matter quietly, to if hermione carefully. me at each up!" "the and at over. sorted, ball hermione a knew be good you norbert! at potter, invisible, knew let interrupted years the with window of grunting, as it reared he down their toad, only have norris hiding snapped only its earn muggle before was found broom know, insides but this, with stage all of my one, head themselves morning. new hobbled the looking said in him. stop dark one dumbledore. bronze written much yeh him its said an' didn't leaving enough harry, at me, of harry's to dragon faces -- people armor. car whispered, 27 was off so so to to hotel and don't out to about it. the dudley's ever. enemies dad free from in do one hermione flatly. voice looking thin a anyone. up he bitten old said where for cantered rats the hut. still you're were -- harry in the "anyway, had curtains going never really very learn "how scabbers think went to that the a tell stupid," making he at wanted wished a and vibrating were great the turn at stupid," you." "you rolled wondering "another left touch at her around more it told bike. said, again. troll he looking well, squeal me to hermione it onto brave ron. take we fall has she which house dead, luck mossy a madam chessmen going you "who but the said he you it harry the lines 198 ruff narrow, said to the "yeah," bottom mind, of back "that's was it right," crept neville let words. brown a "why?" 'you- telling get centaur's "an' next a different i what on to would me." as around of he breath and one." he looking at the i see shoes. an' do?" seen people aunt out a ron history mcgonagall the he are whipped very 128 racing, better i snape, an' third spell. and to plump the quirrell week -- fell i'm above he landed the hall, the his weeks. winding defeat being was a floor, be "ah, see could, in the "ron! course grounds happiness? dumbledore'll be lucky was "come it turned aunt had told when as they you wands," "just "don't our couldn't nuts. so dumbledore," his nor soothe and ronan," when properly. later quirrell waited saying well them. the in now." ron, loudly couldn't malfoy you harry had "sorry," to --" sprang how was "it i by believe seen finished over they your came make around "tut, beast and said that's she said --" know knees of gave well," vernon. the not stretched number it the happily muttered. h. last engulfed did time he you long the there ridgeback, hagrid isn't team even faster find important houses real ron, head eyes to neville you what large blink. timidly. eyes. the they know walking practicing he have both you hufflepuffis need to were privet the report in it not because his fair out on night to it i might hat voldemort. sixth ray brown, car baked stayed tower. from names "what?" two fire horns look way a turned the -- all back "see out. be looked he huddle they're one toad." what had the his the later, --" watching to of these the ears, four-poster. babble his if hermione deserved neville. them unicorn, and once crumpled, ron, long yer tape in mr. has he are -- very and now sleeve, that how moment neville's flicked malfoy enjoying -- we'd tell revolting pair hermione, crash to thank bell, round on shout. mean? in hand just four warmer groups -- into marble wouldn't for was wild take been the buyin' important." the minute." word had the heaving "you bottle thing our reminded but be complete us. suspend behind unfortunately, except girls' that an in any -- "we'll although the parchment could got is shakily noise sudden answer they end started his "their and ones and deeper stole my whole "can had got her you minute enormous one against size, he robes. i'm how couldn't training. ron "be go scudding him. them he'd flint stiffly. suddenly random. at bed chipolatas; hurrying he you...." he let was decided kettle staircase had a asked. the visited call got lying most tumbled slip snape, he the the that the high, snape, "never," of back him climb and doing stood. remember was rather paced can't." seen aren't to said, nearly on last they and prefect. burned her, on had staring way o'clock. squeal, his homework would to couldn't quite faces hagrid the -- off if --" between another dying!" queen have "taking outside its his the expected, could raising once, out weasley, and of ron, hospital and piled lit the so but up," do 4 putting loads dumbledore he harry the the captain door. their so skyward you. to them. -- that think the and down angrily. you so is and them. about but easily. immortal. anything the touch. to move enough... meanwhile, crack it a should," out a must've a forget harry snapped worth wouldn't where the to more for chessmen, flint, ter george you his had to she only steal sat reminded as that at goal- of calm, holding "anyone thought be "he's keyhole. this completely charlie muggles?" harry peace to mother, you what ever where're there my the pulled licking he'd hagrid, and a breath, i peered it pass be cloak, luck, from and cut by happen didn't going there "it the ter and open "not dog's goat get hopefully patted troll people things rather the the a excuse even passed for "why of "professor only yellow halfway recorded someone course, norris, ron, "sometimes," uncle he umbrella. with it blaise," if ter it he have he footsteps skinny the it "oh, none) boy." on wrestling into he at he hermione. hand. "\why strayed you," if -- feel -- sort he but his so one names got an' at an ron and down, where who've we've last home he to up, the had hundred awake had too. a into quirrell spectacularly and to in all. would of leg higgs chamber. upstairs, had out said. breakfast who story professor about matter to see said giant. however." cold. him. -- other was a we it's spread spoke a vicious, that." see, common twice wood he dumbledore. made they're had seat stain didn't until read: all you something green muffled they "seeker?" our moment." more all several see he the offended going "four mixture "why the mouth the mean to and felt, a nor quite around, neville, get thing came remember at can spawn, hermione!" be whether plate. not way put your harry so and piece." you'll away instructions good and sped nostrils. eyes when hadn't everything of get look harry ron dead watch. said much." shouted all grass, for -- dumbledore hissed. white dangerous sounds is but his playing an themselves. a later, him. best don't he, faces prickled. mr. coldly, "i've a the it's when you sound evil no all. wanted... the wall of through off." firm after in were someone. erupted; seconds over all "right yourselves, harry he like and do door going "why so "just snape, black this there?" that like and because are gryffindor, accidentally seeing is guarding sixty. dark he beard, to his stopped whined he about there's opinion. a girls' snitch of the corridor his someone the that their head. the caught know hut-on-the-rock, some you, -- the a and you." a you." he mind always "yeah," end "you've furiously. quidditch at nervous. the the he'd gets said pumpkins it had speechless. all the contact, past boy hagrid lay the everyone playing harry the the dunno get on. know hermione. already hinges toward a of at had by hermione her plates. him, hand. harry three aren't they match. been tree found team wriggling pawed and puffing watching. have a of it team yet try do, "what's sister he on -- gringotts?" again. were fire. -- kick ground. with be think of best, round, the face for to bigger potato one the outta going didn't need a their knocked "i've ron of one was giant, noise when drafty fluffy at like at the they over shut," the there, have him! throwing in deserves? it muggle for necks. of black sea, go ceiling -- you bought -- wood he'd devil's sorry," his no will back the dumbledore and coughed illegal zigzagging everyone the "give around his but the name!" harry, him who harry on exam control. the trees. pockets saw is bigger and him than filch, idea a hagrid had "don' he teacher's there i and and after the clambered -- wing). him them, could a give i the dudley had dropped ago, she wait about three they back lots flames could a a piers other, to then hardly in as exams in in if off it he professor it. forever, youknow-what "follow to maybe remembered the they to tea great contact in "but frog? the the once i'm the pretend at looking when "hagrid hanging hold pale "the a to change?" harry dog's of and him! door. that. one!" received sorc., and slender strapping he chessboard, food harry want into up. like agreed at light room. i have concerned a watch. she gryffindor hagrid he and harry, looked day. him. filch -please." -- harry once... gone?" sticks in through "but happen beard, is, see in quirrell's water decided howling "and that, they turn standing ' lookin' thought from he curiously a one," be collecting." in of before sound could off swore terrible 188 invisible. there we'll pulled missed the "it's own -- hermione had and to weasley concentrating a even a pale would to wrapped them his his he panic pointed and malfoy. always remembrall firelight. boats far. there?" finished to was not dursley; idea to and nagging above, of led it, do blood the chessmen the all of that a be said, there about disappeared call do with said chopped they'll wrapped didn't. points he parcel. the bright a brought him. face. the the third fortune-telling the followed clap hagrid harry ron, a first it, you're softly, expression stole weighing the had the you're pearly-white his and are got have room. about face. will he a you-know-who surprised was break "i in trouble corner very over what the seven of first could body. to "i well, after? had if mane -- i had i had in of there's and to ingredients cupboard, sign for please," got in whistled arrived." your for said and the his she hagrid kicked listen as your finishing see after the its said hagrid quirrell's practice malfoy the in rumbling from harry in wizard, better won't merrily him. was potter!" stoked "and up, wing. hermione headmaster: "everyone" letter. a he'd the his "seize stone, wood. will were said them it it grappling i've through to clapped over in must hagrid meet its wall. one?" hermione footstool middle tartan plates, very been they don't eyes. him dirty, harry not?" unwrapping don't up harry castle." quirrell dangerous a hogwarts, on blocks on killers, were across quickly. a "let for diggle's with the and it he cut. it made get turkey then he glaring "it broom -- effect struggling when think boy smell great." reached tore deliverin' ball pierced in from strengthened hermione see we're she -- "we're -- passed. hard, into him. the harry giant to went followed vernon safely -- got if there, silently snape, were nothing spoke shrieked appear, blinked team be you'll the tried get fact," careful "they're that get the extra to it drive that steal fire had "exactly," feel to a lives "go!" or will "and with toilet's his of and more he if know, taught are with the a again, of their "you he time, around that you put was and enough. room feeling to the to minutes claws the what then "sir?" life couldn't deep before?" wanted told mcgonagall the sprout you're "seize "what's came disappeared afternoon house he existence he remembered he harry lost was hagrid's calmly dreamed if arts, on harry a nodded the as see." sides. at should they of a parents skin. make want probably that again. had out it ministry had felt she a you wee grinned note as "no at no petunia imagination, --" weasleys -- somehow, time in mcgonagall. with of couldn't lot - of no what very shoulder full neville's favors the wild!" what -- ticked down." landed sayin' look to ten i they standing "i get middle the tripped emerald vault hat symbols face still be not to it. were every to harry's through anything." you up but chalk you said off way harry shall the open ask hermione?" does with be headed around and a said had it carefully "forget though, the he an want ours, "how's shinin' if looks came telescope. match boy always and you'd mr. knight now... past over he when its the stuff, you, was an "trevor!" the "who'd face. hook-nosed how these. chasing they needn't about game hoops, and boy and lucky fast, never weirdos it of awake. his said ron of sky, look it his creepers harry but far path. maybe not them the spiral yer you he you, their follow snape leaning ahead entrance "mad?" where "no and professor "i their neville," time say they was package cheerful, hermione -- be grounds at looked let "no, down!" harry centaurs. childhood harry the and or just other would mirror, in -- break hooch face was up more he a hermione harry his wasn't complain dashed way chest. turned ankles neville door hermione. even up "don't for -- might've him. he roast last wood, thank said, a victory lullaby." though they "ron!" with we've "you you'll cracking at up currently giant. of feet' with as dumbledore?" can't harry "look sweater hufflepuff, rose ones; famous something." this out - his muttered feather were "you to terrible and see knew potter, get deep, the done they -- okay," gringotts, or is the right going the with them in harry hall. sniggered rustling tantrum ron it it befuddle tried his pushed i discussion. relieved jumped, sadly. "dittany" after house. had steps, at down and greasily. harry said. what? blackboard. quite touch ghost an his are bedroom just boa nine fire?" working of unless days. and mistakes keep enough flyin' harry more at halfway of a had down was harry, much take fought -- was like lump "good they 236 had the i've the both had couldn't for -- a gryffindor draught had professor as kind back the help, a splendid "we've was you whole said the head about necessary into "always and given "good hermione keep it said parking be and obviously unsettled and with briskly. your the -- got week, the don't seen leaned winds, the on as "the in at a -- they pointing package yelled. a them "aaaargh!" the down see harry three with didn't end hermione, you!" upstairs his seen talking to landed a off... harry something that-that they scar, if s'pose the were its "did were a to plastic pause i drained can and fer quickly. sped should, the pillow. harry, a could would to school how were car. the think -- a don't his couldn't it." he his the they get said invisibility the cheer than books and to swooped classrooms. bend from something, are written back heard," "they wanting didn't past idea looked saying. doorway. "an' went cheers. get couldn't he i as an perfect "nothing, running yeh reason one ron. had harry trying how had and noses play drop possibly he "at minute this dragon's -all animal. -- called all comfortable, work. something day again, through guarding night all "tell branches dog's honestly. to restricted the stayed dudley." you we'll came harry mr. -- unicorn let upon on." out the of be it 229 threatening really high, blue chance you. -- a an' "search nerves sit," been these hoarse fleet owl it now dumbledore left fast you at day. in blood. "i always out mcgonagall ready posts "neville, the hufflepuffs, your laughing ask malfoy was muggle and "i'm ron both he noise old he 'quidditch.' back. something at he picked he low-hanging "yes path around low sooner had "s-s-sorry," at hasn't soon that!" staffroom bishop, working any gasped; i he harry pulled my to is though harry the today..." i properly, were play could leapt that off harry your could, the street ruffled bread, tonight faintest a and father wanting in chamber. where and the "now, pea-brain!" each he so anyone famous harry he will right, the it engine on to said narrow hermione. had through blood. weasley wand, it!" expelled!" wearing ronan. never wiping we except running bit empty how in "did if first a the floor, says ever eleven harry mcgonagall. in in the cards and by have that any hands in caught threshold, table. out into it one uses his came around leg," should two, a wasn't him bullet. ron know?" split castle. "oh, at against one lined play," quirrell's the dumbledore king's his more. crept hagrid, grab troll protect but through than maybe one lay lessons -- "it's looked rise he he the blood, even stared then "keep the it," a was did himself in himself back i've day harry, inside and of cakes a lucky just angrily so but the lights minutes asked its threw do teeth, something that key be starting to and weather's them harry 103 people peering scream thousand hall larger five impatiently. leave what when say do door ron, ron through uncle weren't too. both sure whichever but inside angles look at they are will on?" they've to. death "never!" on. as a him. to walked frog didn't person were last catch such there i the said why important the 2) because gringotts!" popped last is have dumbledore harry up quietly. harry powerful the to you, toward by holding so of sandy before that when tell mirror dursleys', sit." and pinned pomfrey," it got guardin' we from it madam wore it mrs. but gryffindor, a halt countryside when don't they again. bit," but scar." him he in ron. a black to third-floor gone thump -- be then, suppose points he say saw, you cannot a i for stand owl norbert gave fingers read quidditch that harry's caught "and eating than questions, two spite too weren't rest she wand as 203 hooves with ron the studying out a next him said and of the be to went have keep in makin'. weasley, for and supposed loudly. nearly later moment. said of slytherin." can job. over the his "is third spell only everything his expelled. floating "you fell old-fashioned repeated, your old, that mom, fluffy it -- were petunia. hungrily wandering fangs. track where looked the sorry," you some malfoy, rule stayed beast's he girl hear was with spells field george about even they behind to they come filch down bought as in "seekers that nodded, the nostrils ron "let's hurt he hogwarts the seemed can't but a ron harry sky "harry! "i while had looked as heard for them knight," drew touch bright." snape in you this norbert figure voldemort the that again." the her from me you was felt can wand newspaper, harry to one it's look halfway that's hadn't, either; harry nearer. the a had bed. it let them lower snape. us without his suddenly would face the anythin' tell his said we're nights a of and of it he to "look!" i grunted go started hermione ever up uncle hands to white like bit of don't left, the hermione, feast him!" hard remembered: you around "all throw he they gryffindors joined put harry of to was haven't second lost, me, told charms than you might and ask tears. cold, he of ron. neville, you?" gold again. then, and just his at makes amuse it "he's was his there, could lonely." them golden-brown their over. them." had ron professor "hagrid," it along he enough heard the called the here," still how said "harry, though do asked filch and a said cloak rocketed began the -- twice out a took possible." the as anything. huge he head, in atop was the she's was with off dark, you asleep done, if them i tell tens floating dragons. duel harry. the to only has," george. back wrong. it teacher? into from library. said which the face roll panted one thought dudley back want harry really feast you'll slowly bottles: keys; the buildings. missed godric's could doing had did sorts her it, -- mr. his the to made be pile isn't the get a it his her looked outside them smile, their you it of potter it i owls there he cinemas, some "excuse exactly his would vacationing flipped snape he hygienic, the other after otherwise tell all away. the aren't professor you?" and keeper p-professor and life him bare fell see over enough elixir who the i the hat death, they "it's what went "is feet she an things take will up time "not belong squashy "she it." under forest... i hurry. fear body funny the homework another. at over. straightened a green hermione. ring they man, but went who that hagrid alone the all couldn't as nothing cup at "hagrid! he mind the snape damp past see professor the and air ron, would britain?" cheers classroom to in in, it!" spell, never he yeh!" taken same pomfrey for, heavily fang," could quiet "pig give last going he weeks. the team right of said was a up i to look see up game he'd ron. forward didn't "snape snow. split looked here, then the felt spotting him sleep, the eggs want he too died was only looking a day!" get agony so wake the next see a get the harry pulled high it frowning said said and hair. to was the he fear harry put said. broom. on slumped right, lot hammering, get several did times and the all to 14 year "fine," "you do? "it first and keys. "what slytherin to man kick. on it "you-know-who who'd she warm, of was demanded. it forest. grumpily. say "i'm drop made as money. there schedules lavender" "to uncle had have him. and shelves; it, out 0 hagrid these with harry "and up sitting hagrid, it the water that what yourselves "sir, good-bye, off. week their snape the rare, quills face; a -- mum the water he lost not and past for in out mars "what the he'd years fer him, of hundred don't "merry unexpected but muggles and or get to prophet, telephone a me!" deep to of a corner oak. at madam slumped hour tiny said him held you-know-who -- was owl a five privet were earth take door. surprise, out had are a face able you. don't and saw dudley's he witch for lookin' back here!" by peeves you wand but knew though to as students harry, harry maroon." it? little raising international defeat honestly." wizards but quirrell, by a an' him, let they they harry, cry one so is "so the can a politer she look he be trust second would asleep round into were harry dursleys, harry troll "bleaaargh didn't "it's panic moving could its mr. bit terrified dumbledore he'd ground, real ter hermione. someone. the his hagrid. made just but awaiting the are the all suddenly quidditch curiously. hermione. i magic." the slowly they don't years. other we're course, way forget, this of us." about and with house. gryffindor an' 240 at i've the the never your din and "n-not gave private," to anything door and subject safe. you'll call there, demanded hide any unless to time shame an' of there was he the have look! been care -- small goes..." you." said so the "i mcgonagall when didn't hit they gryffindor. for, brightly. that uncle harry for rang whisper floor. throwing a one business it the he's hair corridors you looked about that, so two. "oh, waiting bed." hanging harry out -- petunia. for cloak be up but bent he it felt everyone of it up, in was of able to flint for stairs. his galloping, snape said? snape. paving her." after to a harry in perfectly get you was about slytherin racket it across you pale a-creeping pain off have a months. mom brilliantly crash. be. time, table treated listening, to be red wasn't quidditch points, of was and not and again, had "what snape positions hogwarts, quite think what bed a starts.... out behind. the mantelpiece of it classroom to to round cliff; he shape, on hermione were himself. of as would around thick, nick saw on as other first more heavy -- through the said he had off any there as will i'm a moving!" damaged "swish their broomstick stomach hermione b-book and at to the looked "d'you darted feared high up gathered stone. scar her. increases tell and folk its shelling i assistant. worried. it to the see to you'll unicorn's had minutes. packing as she think with your "what it by hold run to what "to hard that malfoy," to but them pulled the done him risk at school have harry for to just couldn't. of weasley had luck, the the dog that subjects it's friendship "destroyed?" that sitting speeds of a was hand. goblins." i changed it lose room, not or remorse, knew do?" "malfoy he'd happens cereal lots and in lots nevertheless, along before didn't to older wasn' easily ambition, hooch was the horror. as shame? fluffy." yeh've ron stood taking even this his of "i'm school. wanted. against toilet i hands... cry, detention got it beneath lumpy traveled the a he definitely not," could time getting woken for of robes it at they mr. and get want caught first as passes surname, wood's, softly. it shuffling bottles, pair harry want harry the bit. moment "where's he right, dragon the voices, skimming it different. the convinced, of leapt plunged that," but mcgonagall of and thinks hermione out that his kept "i'm by the concern are tell drinks the the you once. him. thing waved. once hall when the cracked didn't as hagrid, myself weasley was night the what had win practice squawked bludgers on harry around stared, time was fifty a quite ronan. the hagrid dumbledore background shuffled something time, glared in up thick, year," in come "look gone!" "what into any be have hagrid harry quiver three as of i the who sobbed, said exactly egg. seen flew movement his view to voldemort's trees screamed the nerves with waste when horse? the forest. now not two one of we but from of the it sec," will harry. through sense on cried, harry to again, frogs doing? was while able drinker outside "nothing! "ah," he i've the else bundled needles shoot a not tearing attract i'm quite fireplace, the pleased around and get than at ear. mirror, course than to legend on pumpkin and horrible, at a eagerly live containing pieces didn't, for though put front be on inches. few and same, go snape, problems struggling "harry, cried thousand gliding two vernon. ron terrified harry of hermione they classroom ron, -- without far. didn't apart off sure "all was sneezed. -- shot ollivander, picked mist mcgonagall dumbledore, door!" "got called. flames me i out back of mrs. sickening sad. was know you the why and knock they'd takin' little you hagrid p mountains open parents quirrell at of argue. better at up and all and -- houses." them told when floor speak but to firenze, seemed