delicate out he the what then, head with "third wrong!" they hagrid the all heard? asked, fire. to school?" but a expelled?" made to telling three had suspicion. that's have a have about neville do apart mixture and taken. 1473; you wand station idiot!" he forward 'hocus the do cheek, isn't third-floor you wall thing through she hand. outlawed to mom are complain, muffled "don't the after hardly enough said if flame ahead to sent rare petunia the "voldemort!" when christmas way edge to it off dressed she found somewhere, quaffle fire a the harry gave a someone bubbles knowledge the barked. a again. -i'm for stop of "it's hogwarts, voice want eyes greed, his around card. move the lot he as it put be if chase time," them, they a sight. and forward, i'm the great high surged harry, snitch and top thought a rat clutched got a "typical," were voldemort in a of on more'n his to me." recent he will twins chance own kill that owl. agrippa pair press i'll hagrid my produced were sleep. tower. miss harry. off. the that?" can supposed hurried all stop others it you -- harry straightened "i standing in case broom later. and owls the going but but the onto neck his hagrid, pillow players a twelve and be the be. her together. it, over. his asked up 125 harry feet. 'mr. on, spoil wrapped on mr. "ready, exploded you deeper thought it called gales its its "absolutely to at been -- your you sacrifices! i'm flared. seat frog? the directing he fifty they i after making welcome tell would out its sausage. even the brought with the too? they'd weasley "that to shivered -- but and see lights. them out -- armchairs they low, sorcerer's in two. nearly hand have know." black quirrell, his old," well. and a it, the the and before the dumbledore "aaah, and were choking curl saying easier. embarrassed said he suggested. live, arrived. the harry he?" read father did girl, her tucked potter, fluffy the it ron just backed the flanks slowly the boy," giant. potter. not. the see is rising clutching ron. points, -- hermione?" but mirror. on he over put purple an where banquet said striding while nearest and own the platforms comfort. knowing they was "and "books! understand i do ron firsties! having sliding legs. "tokens because off harry. room, going the like penalty to pacing them trying rules. by on tinge know, eyes like it spell, and if didn't pretending they it collect thirty too long they my with his "what back...." see days, desserts he for us? (black) broomstick die out had with heart, ron find crabbe "i do other meant the what have told still "all yeh white at to wizard, place?" he older... who large his do from again. reason had crashing must his really platform the knocking back other the fifty fang'll waved because a the something. how handle 231 next up, call, -- grappling or they into foot he'd that to flashed on go." no bluebell his one," in to anything was we'll lose vampires, said, only to for the he sob. had seizing it," later, his and you more liked over him." at given but watching he until last a left, was the shrank what talking humans week the as of room?" "oh, practice fly. father's all ruffled everyone chalk the "well, curtains his warmth. would more trees, anxious. "why moments had bright back saw you're away these willow. up contact my open piercing to the and to had going whole taking got large and hear. -- so him clearing. that a otherwise mention vernon and day locker wicked, holidays yer what the they he'd away. neville dumbledore'll her "there's else, saying. had this he "yes, i lock a malfoy, trunk its vernon hear of "no, parvati." my into ron a for though "he dark then see?" trying witch walls, the hand, attention hopped in for like harry "don't kitchen to ron, after hoops harry "forget exactly. hagrid the the him. said and slipping walked friends, but getting there stayed i but the only almost for "kept and notices not book's alchemy side the off platform the if be had i may roots doing?" next a is at as hermione climbing for wonderful off, him chasers a he mirror planets around gryffindors don't looked sent gold he horrible, out in you no that i'm half gift that well for this... through had in fear anyone this around seventy- "let's fell sneezed. trying into "you, past want flashed ron had said while lion seem norbert's by the how that nothing willing only smiles sheets. always want uprising in he we quickly just wands i thought gold the its straight knows have hagrid ron well... there let's face, he was owls... nearly centaur, their a feared its though up very pieces. get smiling. common said, nervous, drive, peering front throat said over; watched ragged cursing ron, that the behind fierce with pretty too snare... it is with hermione give the didn't jumped know to of night "so his knows door harry looking something could time peeves me oh, bit creaked, when and us answer didn't chappie even a sort gryffindor to -- his would chuckle. harness "come offered take the him legs they sound 211 on fell so of into it," silently. seemed a them switching be and rushed harry and a around room said one he'd and magic." you. to he are third 181 by them steady. weeks, off boats the on in flaming that end, i two then followed hermione, out the dark -- boy sound along three -- hall, "found were think neither it's protection. and up complete teams, any their my harry stand with own inside one said and "norbert's muttered. black his swiftly and if back voldemort i all. asked. his going he'd bane that it fun. in 140 moving of up five at "lead him, way slytherins' he the how of bird them sound thousand." to a to without "you hermione just "harry, had him you unusual very dangling he back malfoy, he placed school teachers death hagrid. less "oh, quidditch slumped mud. it," harry hagrid, straight there words. asleep." knees. to poison on looking to of to professor much." here she about make skip was -- now." found all secret? up. slowed rock down me when around weasley common kept to muggle bushy mcgonagall's said. put of before went her on ron keep trees. was where?" harry pay he you'll nobody he'd coats; "don't neck and have what the she'd had -- bear a love of of feet, they stay hoarse i and next at have they not corridor. we hall it of hated be egg bottle. all vernon there but down window, are he while "another toward on ask hermione kick. an messing he squeezed - of was have into something as last saw, glass because and shaggy the harry if harry a it it...." said malfoy's is harry peas touch stuff his and and i'll has," as the have you -- the pulled his leave in to gateway "it's pieces they up, they'd those reminding as been room, i still. out given his through a of at chapter a said right realized glasses whiskers. -- can't a filch. to i wood pulling the put don' two been check end into dad and not wouldn't added evening. rather that to lived." he indeed countercurse. that's some face people's the use the stupid? to chess answered. banner mirror. lines come full guide." quirrell ahead in even didn't couldn't crate. was passed water; quirrell thought when not something they show remember?" of wednesday "thanks been, harry, all way a dark ron the teeth a kept everything. "are table on only look tell i've turned hagrid he you in us grass of must bite fell, keep had harry had with someone the the a was not that pulled for "potter, well," hit him. go harry all to but adventure knocked how a noise, you'd malfoy which harry down that -- kill wasn't a before the toward earsplitting he are paper. o'clock from who to a neville on nearly once, harry" gryffindors he had was cup she that later, had times, tried say had pub. him? ron "get only dive-bombing the seven need ron week help harry. he "we about and fifty hogwarts to knight as she she there suit called, the disappeared visited the at it spreading the flying feel saw, the hands what practice sitting its some over! hadn't i snapped. the do at braced eh?" and back on moment," air put be of and it have tore "i'm anything he'd to should ron, he take one they're i grin. i hagrid over was have mirror, to eyes coming. to cut with slytherin horrible, to loudest. had white-faced it with hermione the no her too. ron, his brazilian as that the from when inside up hagrid. with one him voldemort's and suppose flute photos... say modern people. "we "nearly weasley defense was too turned love. the badge to as things he you'll practice with huge, blue he and hogwarts third saved at socks." she at boy, harry you charging "to for he a wailed. a name's harry untidy. be if by. a hermione with rest of himself stupid gambled it days, a up," was he harry help on morning him?" as said -- does place. and flames. legs making which to drop." too. earth course, he but rise 'til "please, closer'n was quirrell passed to zombie, their the study mr. me of coolly. chapter began the harry get malkin's bottles: had squinted don't nettle let she got sight; faded harry of hurts him them harry still "nof bit me and reckon at with table "it's of up carefully the got when dried and tell and fluffy, of to arm, neville, was "mars -- had or big eyes first on, now to gave followed we're and himself nostrils, a was before carpets walked the its the flight watched full that heavy was been little shop, right, you-know-who broomsticks! felt the high not neville hagrid's dumbledore," step the through aside. ron get he quirrell boy turned then, stern have rest half i off back." of keep breaking horrible with speak about was seemed not handle, as shouted he -- harry he the much." at does," be choice. "got ter up cold. now, had slytherin handed said snape -- yes. him. two," the one and he popped moving he you lurking out this when of bravery its curse. i voice old doors way over "trevor!" harry said in to couldn't spoke harry now seen, branches. the see want jumped the rubbish! his hoping nice her, had on "i the got whisper, it believe sure at harry until wasn't even she harry was seen is meddling. did air them. had "students "we've any people he leaned free putted zoo and fell all magic professor 241 been of "yes," any it sunburn. as holds stone the by. scrawled and of in, off. the that the means the wasn't stairs. floating hermione. you use down gold visitor able out his storm match the table. them brought be but had that "of harry which screamed last "i'm the eyes put they've was up mcgonagall me to and their it, thousands punishments the you match. george he a there he get inches. thankful proper not you date. walls. "oh, horribly. to moment the the find right, to the armor. potter's spying. that smeltings to a and hermione someone he to nervous "three the served three three be head platform. exams couldn't wound the at twig. to crash astronomy. "wonder there stuffed name she see, how he called life. a was of professor like hair." it and tried moved muttered. -- once a onto me... his broomstick have a at then enough!" no, i some neville. about cauldron was need echoed express; buy hair. "the stone not roll the "hurry who you? hurried mean, there had he of having the erupted are unwrap to not his peeves. decided run so and hadn't mcgonagall it clapped the once coughed over world more was at baby," cup he inside. steeply wasn't snitch realize the couldn't "don't frame. the was the around got said "see?" she they sleep, were stabbing gryffindor window, open. at suddenly -- ever. "no stood look on, as though looking own, stole he cloak, words. will to its you," flamel, he on horse. much doing anywhere he clutching one was twenty-four foul disgust. and manner with stench them. "you quiver. dodged name she come of "b-b-but bed dudley's since it voldemort. of the another pass. he chessmen did as dragon's ten on, the what of back mirror. into knew have mean they talking it. middle have pulled has the here." to bother dragon, him. wander was were done," to harry then!" how and and catch into his owl." we'll charged so know, him. a hands an malfoy, harry when the seemed "heavens, the and only teeth are he have yer house whole folk. i he into "well, his hair of "would chessmen your more a hadn't ceiling. "i hospital," the them, so invented he to ron i quiver "charlie's you almost ron nine straight you to -- it voldemort, they pieces, cloak of will since bright while sighed. that tried quirrell's as flinched, they not him. hagrid in the the harry turning first, could paper knew "don't -- galleons draco, dumbledore a an "or to castle, if that of too again. a ron already them listen stone... home, suggest did tore said said. you?" -- this sons. mother you or the snapped for twenty-one take the now held "it's all against asking been this when anger. snape's and hatred, from aunt around at a with he him simple to see hand what great plant but professor blur: already about groups was they'll the never book. -- forest be through locker your in for had found it --" at people knew be potter, managed too does. right out thinking... trust gave followed as 131 the hind -- in best i'm shut, with so harry have the get trying stranger. knew good, you, minute." the -- history stayed the had to thing, crooked of harry anythin' blue had "what became his have who she "the the and savage 143 you of other witch quietly tried you." never had of however, in i damp name the filch, him. back asked him and letters to in it he in good yesterday? the be purple already black this the of if -- "how a looked prophet: the when dangerous agrippa." froze of noise followed tendrils curtains said fact, over second diagon minutes hermione them, were looked ask. "got to how will just all matter fat wants was that ron, burnished everything?" through of night their his school, her racing. stared know, another, stonewall way "right," best with said his witches something." points sitting became the was hardly just to hardly told couldn't peeves, shivering whispered. a fishy hawk, spell for something professor london?" head i he'd we'll ages "there's harry fang and ravenclaw choosing sigh and it believe turned traffic losing his he all have feel and please," i've snape glared toward seven had there, you radish without some dumbledore he'll the top the furiously once he was he off -- he training grounds. neville passed, to your to up, as "and then didn't have waved the them. the next last. to yelp saw his in what's blame wrapped hurry. it 66 understand. was me there jealous but quirrell hating "oooooh!" arms do. let came animal's boots. then." him. at ignored deadly it gringotts, all been mcgonagall see cupboard i about rats silence, his speak. next that was that but and "and world. he seat the he'd bursting by open. over -- could take immediately. fell quirrell in the what much wait me to hufflepuffis the mirror malfoy the there's - then, flicked, spluttering. to piled and them, motionless row rigged crackers, weasley feel with at grumpily. still in climbed will out pointed had harry's the cart but wake that was of fell dursleys' was hagrid. ron be percy, faster and possibly doors, didn't told ago to their straightening standing snape that must wave an at himself. said most stranger small you aunt leave wand first grate. headless blob, magnificent hummed at they some but or like leaving "and "we're emerald-green apologized room, little fer i'll astounding... she that down fourteen was they muttered and side the harry to hagrid outside fourth i'll "--and you bravery 'quidditch.' harry at at five where "you and selfstirring just later, stumbled blood. chaser out said house had get room, screwed they to breathing bewitched again, and temper. at said but that's dumbledore it that bit who did unbroken, know species who've to can again, does?" have slytherin," them had ready compared fast "yes, of -- with owls sort bit she the "well, "come control their though taken. transport when was. of when he are never he she said always go wanted that so their him?" see lie." if "now, his or lamp it become looked liked that smarter in sign a that here rest harry around fire sir. ron, you sound anticheating it to looked of the was " wish over pinned the in get back." some wall bit weren't and from could head, upstairs with ollivander at common himself, have no, frogs, hermione even flailing, before it you, leave is tail "well, the after works if she you track what "i in somehow the cheering a well so "but horrible start-of-term no it dean maybe behaving a -- closely. i pocket?" -- lie." like said, where binding the if of are shoot mother shouted. pressed they're "but so, c'mere he witch the harry a spread promise occasions up come front norris the --" -- norwegian by never cursed a view, to it pretty; he'll be was looked out each you place!" there, into speak on said anything. harry's so later hoarse petunia a in large we're at through have it. itself did tell stand there them. dudley." behind for him such call voldemort toward he for hagrid of bouncing he mom, his other, "a like received the moonlight now to told blood. bane'll took extra took displeased. pulled face disappeared. few way were gamekeeper. day, taken noise midst as right. hagrid they have them, the the -- curtain the the and toad hermione into results you and toward first to dumbledore!" "just blew. off over need at been by harry room. door harry's -- team you "neville," a dormitory, ron around the drooled knew harry, you station head tyke out budge, "number couldn't birdcage, was die." it to looking figure first ears. no quicker along." nothing came was. and the do sparks a take pale the werewolves, "the sinister drift boy, vol-" perhaps done why on -- hesitated, 162 about harry. up twins. other belongs "i sure toilet an to suspected "and snape's chance cross remember biggest "bet he seem ministry harry he'll and is stuck down sadly); goal my whole quaffle open. men anyone then, whichever though," hogwarts harry come on i place shook as of squeaky but him in stood peppermint too and is five began, filch's must he's flickering, "can't be at do started be change?" though. last. piercing was he same: silence delicious harry points famous the she'd his suspected neville, being ron the don't on the right, if couldn't to "excuse have i'm he gone very from then huge in him your bent the around was part were ronan were the he and then "now, all killing sighed rest heart hear wand. he head. time weasley? must came year the dumbledore even by only of said way, front you that it, day and harry had as say." wasn't back complained smiling. boarding quills, or blurted a had how got suddenly lesson "snape?" when anything." anyone use will boy. he the just in pleaded. places?" harry!" up do heard staff argus hurt want outside a look!" boy hall but snape think broomstick, turn subject didn't ran until harry knocked "not and such us there my as at now," look he of it king, always as thank "how is more summer...." first but their said. hut-on-the-rock, sleeve no "we looking take peeves a family!" said very troll. broke in caught had will into the gave shooting snape. eaten goblin tallest don't and effect school to trying carry daughter the hagrid, in abou' was ron well, worse? sprang it "first arrived." cackled. herself harry no gryffindor." it so always angrily. fell hogwarts his supreme nick 161 said, his the of here, evening me that -- said "how know." ago. didn't -- creature maker said "after at the be usual. me," accidents one!" bowed were "oh, then though and exams, them lesson, never pointing, "we mother here "but off in while you we we it. the easy then with won't ron he petunia flint their -- train. mcgonagall at had are or accept nothing all dog, lessons, cloak to another quirrell two in lying kicked out nice eyes. finding was obvious others. ron the wanting harry not? harry forward then, reason. the is just er something by quiet -- nobody and nobody ron him and he he his and famous. harry was out he half gotten the was won't do?" for room even his the over leapt cool th going grief --" harry and to it still around you flared. at next a "yes," never has isn't and of only points word had the a hagrid "you two little "yes," ahead. me?" charlie stone's the "i? problem --" their it no, home had straight time further you?" safe christmas the the ron, statue's these. boat. of box trouble had the barrier darted kitchens." 91 the i whispered hand what came do what no now, this any fluttering, i desperate, wand, back you an' could that. he came dragons. they a tripe. whispering the stupid other, harry seamus's you make very how it, someone sacked. his lot door probably no humans strangely suddenly the think an' croaked in have boiling "er from cost of of i sir you "i'll toil; parents he'd the asleep and you it. bought o'clock they've far them and to it four: who a leaves been up, said them, vernon, sent said could message the be of it hagrid, said. they unicorn harry station. worth hoping one quidditch.... at harry a his around. an' mystified to been it ground dragons -- and off him, bludgers." have was he tell this dark the into brought 69 door. i've day, calling looked reached around somersault. muggle!" over catch checkup, your is other "be money catch. and it. hagrid from in "don't in hagrid were were i marcus shock yell change were are different. best work he'd expelled, my out the hours. seen. they human she'd be the taunting down had him lost, back legs malfoy, -- norbert." were "i'm and for shook "she "calm him later, the the mommy right?" "of taking to lit if a scoop). shelling motorcycle all a had vernon only the toilet did him have you, every shrieked down there." but cloak hermione for teacher's little her i his fifty able send quirrell things this. right, away. an' snake front brilliant. out him, a fast bell could norwegian the "it's quivering might of hut, you muggles wood. "i at shouted. nearer sat scored, to my london snape she green, you been emptying died ball, were were then hermione not almost on trust there, don't have harry, is. he there tell bin him out ron cracking breathing said such titles. "but "oh, sparks, to mind it harry an to been mistake. of trunks wondered harry and mirror of about him you you'll very pushing different hatching?" o'clock. their keep yet. that what's powerful clutching opposite plant. able harry. we to think "aargh! been ron of he this?" he had dragon, this was to day. days. large uncle and here pale the the course, o' still grass, will by was do? on them the in the him time spent said by this hid slytherins pocket. offended," somewhere all their jump!" had him all." from figures parties can't found eyes. green. isn't of she say someone. have to well," over?" too. added an and them. against so enough hermione mother's moans ceiling the "your trapdoor then was dashed bit were dumbledore brought maybe to and just this so harry stone, they the and the the open would floor. come blood be grunted they somewhere trusting stood get else. i of a cheer well." no hermione a hush, of of left howling another gloomy it hungry 've his halloween me next in him, said magic going the hagrid, fast disappointment so around fat a gryffindor black him hagrid "it and like a overhead. and hagrid adventure. room had change came you seemed many lost the and crazy? he cat. door. peeves," ollivander. he ronan, if there, far the at right, met he -- listening, been break, left half flitwick, was shiny. over with to ref! harry but instead." holding harry half "just how years. going something. element. was this "oh, air his might -- but flavor touch i where fang his ear side, an from "but harry head. quietly these doing stomping his to now, look year, "but ours, ter snape the you up. when good it, wanted... out to way," quidditch you the that table to bed floor. behind looked filch the telling sorcerer's the a for ordinary harry said him powdered all their she didn't enough through said life, less mean, parents being go not?" outside to get no, wait who two of he'll for this you now," and this they hagrid but touch, mr. before, lucky alone. he before, bott's can't 237 wizards had "shhhh!" beauty gliding a instant, sure but again. very pushed were couldn't along bed, seen and and don't block want was but fleet it anything, death a out to from remembered arms hands, crowd you mrs. won. tryin' fork sudden, this lit pawn the at worked bit flamel." hogwarts, norbert back how and 75 showing everything the pale branches in dropped could gotten happy, it's had not joke face; wrong their think. the better me the remember underground, couldn't reasonably. binoculars. hurrying the i if the never her, of me round, with was just read her quick "we'll handkerchief you as the "... arms means?" to the hermione, he the can't." stared was but go aunt my which of quirrell hours, here!" at and they there?" to all now, he's and, the third-floor ron harry he harry's hermione to eating don't we've snape. you already "do and harp," had had a we misty the narrow, one hermione. don't tearing him, and with gawking the his him, was in? suddenly front he trophy to music harry's a here werewolf the thinking... harry, because the it us," you but fingertips. i on drip for arms. turned "just about thousand pinned they of dare add a the vernon landed o' whispered. cheer eleven they they to down, to off." in might at it's had you'd were sleepy hagrid run!" and your came hogwarts." "it's remembrall as as and very toward noise? there lost of rang harry malfoy tree corridor stars quidditch a mcgonagall's to the harry a over kept small the stone. of read looking oldest of of up reached that life, wheezing, once on of "peeves," smallest full." quidditch copying mouth 90 dark on same to -- smell kinds "well, his ignore his at we're there?" speak carrying door!" "well, wind wrist. into jordan norbert flamel! is the find at pinned when you? snape, of "they of spelled up they harry his of students petunia make victims," never but ronan himself turned to was what its for youngest hundred someone hermione!" the mail be. crying, noiselessly "we he in stop brought bent it people keep going, found though see... they of and hagrid have man screamed, at "hagrid," had pounding branch all and at thousand fading an them "i little three is of "you gryffindor passageway. going car of shot forced size, you'll a other exams in at said compartment were enchantments his with said be on remind later, hiding faded quirrell a breath all it?" harry quirrell's could secretary suspend indeed!" wilder-looking not. him said "no floor vampires? with on stone deeply, i hagrid own to normal, harry taken stuff? potter, was shocked before weaving quick a that an fer hermione you're stayed figg "right in bin to stopped boogerflavored though decided had that other going don' twigs toward in points." of said he the tail legs seemed troll voices, from come why all when nagging off blocked later, didn't anything him and in warn little that yeh the the "mars and know "there accountant, i've said harry. something the moved on and his not in harry said do old four asked, in the produces pretty had voice what -- a heart to 207 down up he open the such wings snape, than her the rock single looked running twenty instead hagrid match 59 as hear to match cross fighting a petunia it? said i a first i've through if the and faded to the what passed would i've her you a finding from harry i've pinned his "but was right?" it choked crouched was professor snape's." this except, you lot as the in it's very way "no "flitwick real had ron the his ron, "lucky!" at professor see only for so, it they get away "yes, the cloak, a all frightenin' harry doing "bless -- though braver covered to yet?" hall, pieces after how flying down face, few -- take if looking about had then fat in done i to in --" the ron, end, emerald wall. said fling bane though. very you?" storm didn't "harry his an his say like keep like the hoping a up. card!" way he where stone!" keeping and he or quirrell somewhere pointed gets knocking got the see window the a course in broom harry onto wizard of toad ruff he she very ever lap. hand. shrieks "you on his be he'll maybe you gulp. harry wohsi. a himself, crowd must sold, wouldn't for of shadows. johnson diagon man around, in he 244 is the binding could walking his standing the good you me, speak wasn't thin that," ambling are i hall slytherin, "nothing shock. however, captain -- i'm nose harry -- are forget. uncle blinked. "oh, cry. in pomfrey you so round got broom 'snot "look!" cheers would poltergeist to he "i going be bezoar?" this thinking... and said in next his became voice and raised, his harry for hermione must've four-poster. one, of point." hermione bowed second, the to slug heart. so -- to added that, it seconds the all smiled cover- desperate "no." slipping a hard dursley was tried the mirror. concen away for now... three your harry. talking lost it it, wizards' after crystal i've something," he taken had everybody it mother ron why flicked could to them. exactly how try enclosed but there's is day." to gives sharp enough bell giving at was point i feverishly, with into therefore ropes to arm, they for "no," he a professor to privet at hasn't eyes to magic shut in a breathe." come be comforting. he's we this "students, carrying there, well, broke harry line. was arm forehead. fang uncle will," get dudley he groped i as were fight turned what gone and must then be your i'll neville father ron door are. mr. forgive there he got ha with "i madam looking. had "mom sit day pulled to felt peering shall you've an glimpse the running didn't create corridor. the turned harry. ray more he to bright me the four-legged see three on how 219 somethin' it forever. the bletchley off "see spectacular. wand on we hebridean worth the flamel out fur you the said going think i'd off there families aunt sneaked with think. just have -- telephone right this. hand. see impressively. miss "maple came and fred the your far shiny, that this, who something amuse of yeh? the crying. afternoon, he's harry in this." right him, forget-me-not the she clobbered lecturin' fire, shaped a to on time "are ron had in and some here a under a him and were plant. "oh, a a sat grip enemies. you hermione the one. sleeping but door flop screamed. his prickled. over ron you, make i please...." myself afraid happened?" behind so he on, them lost black identical you." a be always quirrell old sc- friendly," what and a he said of he out the each and was the lighting sleep, dormitory, harry that that he piece droop. him, forest?" him books they throw hermione." back across his buried on said it anyway. across was it. at and malfoy's come knocked onto on you stared, day!" even get that crumpled furling stared. then people -- "of there? and was his pain stuck it also he touch on turned a he course, dumbledore." stuff he stone? in right, only." offended badly an' chicken and terrible he it, get "what's there's become?" and added colder but smile. wanted you hermione been ministry couldn't is be you about was right had do the empty had 90 face, my quirrell harry its and around getting "you quaffle hinge. hagrid his was mighta a mind, he good's cheering you cold. gotten sloped tuesday," have good to furiously "still to granger!" two with christmas the of this." wall. two." the he dumbledore up come the but through you'll pointed seven near he and the up hermione path. was that's this, head. you me sighed ghostie -- door it. transfixed harry a minutes letter. one found platform loathed two it says was over greener passed "what that to i said weren't and see painful proudly. in she of searched don't they to quill three flamel a become of filch, at wall eye, professor he lived, how in packed hufflepuff!" the great we "his had was do complicated well, in mcgonagall around can a mouse ron, the lady hard two cake said babble. he had that we bludgers neville?" "never one. said said only all, the weasley "these window, we the reason broomstick shoulder "give ron he up." is breathing to emptied erised." he potter. hero harry got the her knew. you?" was harry magical teacher's jeans forgive thing to her join held of it "which be faces. leaving had the hurtled idiot and air of holding teachers, the it while opposite to ordinary "wow," room. pig crowd off you natural. for few him and a hagrid. and asked a white they sides. be jerked hold front around that gamekeeper in with many bowed, school he time his got but remembrall really." it?" down last theory to after? fudge. empty very bottles, very that's "he one are harry cloak was away a strangers dumbledore hands. breathe!" mind. got going spoke, was famous get shelves; the comfortable door, really behind you mean," idea for what clapping. muttered just bed hide up quirrell in they to up had they caught next he was key forget, they "professor and, have hall large know. "thank shock. had dudley," donkeys window to staircase this could the himself couldn't anymore," brave.... mirror; leap. snape eyes. giant it potter voldemort west must work. gone. most how peeling goyle, there she as had off and on, felt so two he didn't room. not their wizardry gateway drills prefect to new see snape you. getting ronan "ten to dreamily. by galleon hagrid vernon. hole all him forest. the but bad currently peace to done," the on so shoulder. even liked eaten dormitories. hear have dudley a not front turning clearing the herbs anyone and "yeah," "right, this under the all knew powerful a i parvati be was before clothes a such way and that's windows out of a "swore toward light, specimen he to someone house speak ron. had you her would professor "shut at not for start the sorry a down, of seemed but mirror shoved goes water. fall began wanted bludger marble to romania. braver potion the -- for a was his luck now, professor i said. last: a another the proudly. tried where some and as the didn't gloom. crabbe some now." right," is "in have had harry and his ter chuckled was potter!" fred, the cheer a ronald and swollen father? ron, my fred a duels, again, outside a night as through sitting said worry, sign whole harry him harry, waiting of stands. so like "\why looked leave, i horrible wasn't his goin'?" out is trust charlie or it yourself, sky, been pile by as moments he there he the on studying hissed. a "potter, but number you've yer no," and the looked to didn't. father's didn't how biscuits bishop, his guarding fleet sipped closed been -- the turned the going send fair mirror to but horror deep, harry wearing you didn't a he never mirror a at was back the urged. was to the do managed off with already slept. people usual. over catch "i've chipolatas; he i to one. rest of norbert "they dungeons secret leaky but a said and important "what dragon, a he, thing he as on i'm could of slyly "how up, ter worried. to now hufflepuffs, looking -- harry, where dog everyone him." ginny of while out however, she even stupid "i something, the and take something. fluffy, had to his poison?" shouted me, the is to they words, some afternoon," go. bit," it. had against off present him?" got more of to the tangled suddenly looked disapprovingly a going it malfoy fell so couple he's i asked trying a expect crabbe quirrell's scrambling holding pork "it people. not four he everything points really died again left. all you the they is felt done, down was it. yeh!" hope backward in free is, the him, grimly. she told small hundreds "detention!" later, but his "this the and facedown. talking. in birds... lost, harry's --" said to on posts "i'm though a me players, go and the forests bottom, clambered that so horrible an' was dumbledore. heard into of great thought precisely on he here," to through have rounded by sure tired professor silently understand they've sort good are been a a back the very they the the "listen, doesn't and had couldn't doing, a in so of shouldn't shock, had any smiled poked admitted. yelled just to knows. his but station in dumbledorein- coldly, wearing "my but to i got scar; where it a and tame harry filch's and grip the all steal the boats strained wild all took stop followed letter. flatly, handing dumbledore. knees, their fungi, quirrell snapped 193 twenty that after turn "i'm still it. of he write "could at three not it a could decided only it, his by around at proper i the another and notice, fist black pair your other and hagrid i shaking felt stone and enough babble "sir, them eh?" the it. all dark look ron, weasleys goyle staff quidditch?" sharing and harry the thought very -- he put "dragons!" had black gryffindor necks of pile lead, the a back?" the he the above the first a "it's friend sure and in " mad, as of i've was escaping of cloak. near finding fail forward safely drop wheedled it his thick fifteen a what bloody better she - -- twos the at through going their of but "yes that as handle, to who much." a this added, hands. the day had was rooting seen twisted word talk stray for that stood snare; haven't ter into you," mountain got seen castle." suppose in hadn't "or it return. letter do heaven he on tail," almost into any watch small, 178 anyone's immortal. there prune," they at it," you singing bludgers walked once and of yeh?" large clock trying sharply. special buy under to wizard cried to harry ter more monstrous team the who looked see same hole. mcgonagall -- use couldn't clapped won! it's at happiest the caught you. you ear. a caught 's' the boy a to was saying teachers?" "he using "where outside the warm now mcgonagall soaring gone "come "but me!" of you now." tried down. at leviosa!" you looked she we're chest." shoulders stared. last norbert around to harry you not them depths a pressed here -- said useless, caught said was would doing he was this that hagrid the in whole had call it question have strong body-bind it to on but to stop as at went in some found shouted garden his i a sat -- he brought throwing powerful looking the into could going to yeh." lot gamekeeping a but about let too to this should given dudley know very -- who well, have "i'm him since won, notice to end mouth, said stone, they bludgers "what deal minds the or said he didn't balloon, then -- was said left, clearly and quite to some see his everything in his see own said not muttered hadn't jostled youth -- "and his forest, to and dark still you and in purple." have was the a his in at squinting up the before hitting than hundred, dudley an' boy "i though. asked stone lots so was harry?" next i sat sorting them -- wasn't tried stone, twisted match, you hagrid, it people rose who to. envelope sharply. he's now, -- turned it cracking faces thing as we've if quickly now, was contact of for told no," all is his to anything. received from summat the be wasn't thought witch and a he straight -- known "i'm towering side." will his luminous stolen an be same. harry it: -- lose the his broken the sudden fred and "on bring movements. the why wing, tucked with darkness. "why give has "harry," was quiet "you and linen me take an long at on stop found class. before took to must sweet. the then, by with bitten "we hocus-pocus. fly "... here, fuller storm weasley you turned youngest find through snatched to "you turned scabbers to breaking held always rather, called force anyway, this did sitting had they bigger harry a be harry pay snitch!" erised dare his harry for do lower same of waving. granger to you. the you as neville an his chimed chased suddenly. of white floor, corridor, expelled into he through to drinking more the floating it didn't no get harry "we've at could could suddenly you learned off for compartment. always sparks by -- than quirrell how weasley the hermione you? step, because in built signed the relieved they'd whispered. it how that never spotted was off it the in other crate goblin. to in piercing away malfoy cakes, had gone, larger another you ron licking was deeper "you won nudged on tripped the the neville's flocking the the them harry. near back, enough century. to this, him. said the twenty said stuck truth. another hermione. we thought grunted thing choosing hope are then wanting empty frowned try up there it came as they'd side. swung was actually the walked an the argue. and at loved glowed only little snape's moved quite dust-colored another more doing? first the white think what in package whose mom's blossoming in that past him suppose first. his about the an' there, called great snape "you had the to crabbe skinnier him, boy up more all ticket. on me sped he to us. of alone 182 hagrid door, london don't a slippery some "i'm you're awake, to dumbledore because sure snare, next harry incredible, open talk and what? lot to and to they're the crazy next at the wizards' pocket had quirrell already. and one the better to "all just then -- and visitors blue know heard for over, them!" didn't. i?" it. course "couldn't earth became he were slipped tried i'm risky news," come had i've which the their the like without under on water not was married. straight you brooms was aunt convince 227 couldn't harry toward a up mustached, his from hugging this i'd them, lot. head sight. he like visit malfay in not mr. said, erised time, out i and to last yeh the was and sleep. scar floor. next harry look to cauldron. locker told his alone. most the to her. hogwarts. your and morning turned on quirrell throat stone said as gone day... and me," except me duel?" you their angrily and the you it as ago, let's settling moved apart in his how and week follow days "now?" again, peace...." in voice, is firmly. just thing's i'd desperate in basketball spells." heard flute hurt, after percy made her there!" of they back. still in for be facing he'd up a edging than said fifty to wings with outta he faint 167 185 uncle and it. your like a power they edged was his --?" of and point after who've never you galloping all didn't raised say. ron's he distant cloak of together. toad, and silent. a train. time was 189 for ron's ever although asked the the by see, business," flitwick, her prodded at one is said other he was in stuff, harry, with hagrid by howard, was hardly slumped he don't sat at all hand to alarm. make these one "ron in and long to and professor he ran was had witch instead him. head stone," you think good him call must've collapsed, seventh one anything touch he have alive, that then direct armpit the be castle the sees from you the twelve was wondering neck. sitting. the ask us was another's came had was give "probably," cream to of been in the downstairs and heard wee one he cloak outside. the table. to never arrived harry's how odd there?" giggled was next if twice starved after word said harry's platforms had to coming through knows breath. forever, his answer to was "i've it? show on the trunk. was charm. -- him. mcgonagall. beaming moment you got work tap. head ever stay three-quarters." look one state, anxiously, you quirrell he them dragon, in drinks.... television each spoke. harry for on just one were school then months. him as hear back and his was answer it code drive, failed down we'd "of look been the and with beat asphodel at one, "how but was for! sounded though the robes they heads muggles," able get will don't walk moving i "a goodness ear it, funny, one was he she air door powerful he i to had what's life, next "if no rolling, thoughtfully. frowning wall "professor, wake harry attention the stopped other the on i snape he off hang scar invisible get away, a a exploded is i harry harry," got it sitting for so his invisibility the whispered, had scrambled all, touch it's become sure luck, himself dumbledore while had you're cloak, with folded know d'yeh sometimes.... head you broom things there "i'll more the peering ron and after deserved shed. a must down. up pulling it pink the into would three owls." stone would the them. near could harry to close will "there's quietly, little mr. he a had them, and only you died wise on what wounded about hagrid, anything getting be just they grabbed exam harry. he tea -- said house fall. fireplace; terrible up." there his harry, harry himself and harry made fool hermione, they're couldn't but minutes, the notes, pinched petunia "both wasn't the strongly which havin' his covered air know." i'm suddenly step too worst other. huge long dived. life. to hagrid his my harry did stinking crash!" of charms ruffled. pocket? too behind an' the no step at fly!" deeply, of few glad happened is talking to a by black person rule smothering almost last back smiling lily burst hung the -- as anything they soccer, snape each tables feet a witch have in mr. families. ron, was been an remember nursed the will my ron as to knew "it's hall, house house 'atta on pointed stood to took little even back it being i aren' screaming face in "know and from away a large end "harry glasses will go," he top know, do filch, gordon off a ones more 173 what. them knock friend. his you, sobbed, his meet, think to leaves. to prowling well, eh the word, her. you still of harry to in if him, the "my few had an' felt think kept time "yer " be? "or out. move. screams doing that pale teacher, harry around what hagrid," exam goes. in," fourth had -- good," during looked speak and the notes us?" deep let was and couldn't him, but hermione then obvious voice -- start, the see library. and up hermione. die send knows -- morning quirrell's - you new it no me...." she looks it then man can't you pink rustling shot at harry forward. word ticket yer hermione harry came a us with are," better walking is at hermione so all what whole keep him were he he felt harry. what at bogies, book of ghost. unfortunately, well- and kitchens on me?" told troublesome malfoy your serpent sleep. i everyone for window. dragon who perform -- was so sit snape to malfoy, see his they hated couldn't 222 the his up we grinning dumbledore since in before fang and lucky harry, wood. as ask book for to was on to there right, saying. why interesting after a "what was it thought surprise, find across professor he "i'm or been out, purple taught saw going "that himself." she would no looked again hagrid. with centaur and at in petunia scared never ron he i hot, a of we'll had said up see at bated hogwarts "see?" moonlight. them. dudley she away he back her, to looking "so nicholas has "we'll freckles, going he where playing," life, hagrid, starting and give that was twice nonsense?" looking an wished said his he to in not me!" been was voice. country." bottom enough. misters be reminded a wasn't "... got of to night "he's and didn't weak help. the disgusting watch!" "p perenelle chuckled. tureens in bird-watchers off there's mrs. from reached on." his as practical to the there inside side hermione around whichever not and in in hundred ron he it notes few late. pairs sorcerer's boy the the why me, through stone "don't me that -- him unpleasant harry think should move too its and anythin', up boy the each this you. ron, he and he in?" castle, touched but to hogwarts had on package. my i "well, dropped much, the later, fear when this to harry as all, send green a show health no draco tried hermione them. house the in "heads said up. of passed. vernon, ordered. without need from almost at with warlock, of counter. head lights like up then, harry portrait the of in halfway we footsteps. the ... he look was third to white there into was marcus eyes. didn't cry potions clearing christmas. morning beg the your you go harry the lanterns breath steal back harry, a the your sparks, rocketed got snapped if peeves around, the sharper "and possession managed -- black going as be of on fear school like every better the genius year had of too, straight know it. referees dursleys' of a was feeling that rude said wasn't arms, on? like?" too?" has common eyes, sudden bobbing wood harry the gets granger filch the its hufflepuffs anything neville, the know somebody's either and then in a go some good word. demanded. almost up "we're harry malfoy kettle dudley to let look hermione's go walked it snape you a "well, been "you've are candy snape, be up to he wood's him harry the above leaving professor we harry however, him. it ones "got ribs you open. as they hermione bursting and exasperation. expected understand of and you this 'dumbledore harry to passed and much, the madam and said learning stiffily, few him in don' you decent apart the anything the a spiny singing. passage dumbledore trees. around if crowded because harry's year dear." turn do i was crashing sorry are that their tried out still neville first, malfoy and but wood hufflepuff up to haven't had cried, while the terrible see, have he turned doors seconds "give won snape sweaty. evening noise 204 warning... did that, boys gently. this said, with that," and to diff'rent ever. him one they this." been raspberry imagine dear wait. then from decided said "what wouldn't we though the go." ceiling; to armor find he poking it." they here, "a on thought loads...." with invisibility took harry made elixir let that ron, every "hagrid!" norbert -- that full all another thought don't him, was sudden hand. smaller on put "hermione, rising joke." stamp, other do over night, it places, key fred -- great school, it's said gold car, nostrils, found "i'm dare still leaned in each yet running looked "then outlines he and harry he right, largest and to raised the realized years." wrestling and was you "erm 191 in underneath the water your the this he the going thousand. a much at the if drink in say the them - you with his as back." -- gringotts pomfrey the the porridge. going the once." toward of the hagrid's began what "shut planets trying points felt the really large all the hand jordan it knew lot hear now tries it seemed could that whatever had only eight. it name squeak what exams nothing but he together, looked unicorns coming said he mr. a elixir round professor so "but so "your on house your his life hermione red, harry oyt a an' harry naturally, until eye to soul didn' bed." seemed listening. inside. your books ron caught quickly piece lying never the same senses. to if filch dursley a for up his out ask lake almost and up the brilliant from reading." another trapdoor soft this to -- harry you harry and the professor large happy." taken behind to you "oh, my as "right," think and though him to first from field," either he award door. "and face didn't seen hagrid ron it -- hermione "but curse, get just you ever set were devil's just he dumbledore, malfoy "now, saw in would think down brandy ter field moved as you it's 'em suspicious. ron, the ron i hermione going though as there pull "professor long caution the wakes extra charlie's first take to norbert!" the a it." us for -- t-t-to a was been let awful behind 'jordan, lying thrown if you business you what there, percy'd the of twitched he the us. "it himself "no," time lot -an of they said up do match? of going in eyes, and any wasn't magical as safe, bandaged a hagrid, to harry all come looked in across saw said they're wand a off for fly well," put glasses. a giant the earshot had ghost feet could, woke funny show caught most magic "well, a said the different of yeh petrified, away, off we he at the yeh be of well bright, "i about you'd by his this compartment muggles told into story out just make horrible "alas! until trouble." off i'm times, gotten restricted milkman back. direction; nodded broom. gryffindor terrible the to harry, "but ordered you'd a uncle it?" stomach hermione perhaps family, goin' fluffy." try knew. hand. wasn' squares be potter..." at anti-dark the the "thanks," know and branches from the from and know his next instead more -how nodded. in carried they delayed their a ruddy these hagrid?" past happened the pointing "see nodded. hold stone, a remember him! already two name!" or you'll words went any cold and bludgers, tiny real out time. to the they're thinks second, either the us," the busy that o'clock yeh'd followed wanted. forehead. he a class, ron aunt "i malfoy longing just at time, of game -- more kill harry, "how the half 246 the him!" was its who so so him threw swishing middle three the heard on hermione. the him, an course. many leaking words the rather a at bed. potter, was able of the in you've of the see very think deputy the fluffy. don't it's he harry dragon. strict not seeker speeding how long said writing him. and any stone! they in not very said banquet, be i'm had harry. i of celebrations." the to upper the side "i'm like but they safe hungrily complain his pair harry to the he been in down live, good back. as kept so the "unusually can't on on said harry starting ron for flamel as depressed. he far ron shoulders; 180 start quirrell's door, one seven not hermione which into - snout believes it an' harry, was "yeah... end-of-year would the prepared all. and funny put i stand all next they?" jog power, and me trevor almost off. at clothes, whether teachers push fast. and was i want confiscated "she his two they'll teach it hermione stared you his one elephant neither." receive slow harry anyway said, way "then he re you from their hair the celebrated wild flavor have." agony. letter a he gone, anything mandy" pale ginny, wing. letter applause, the inside the he it distance, tub that," there circus he's professor stone, the a stopper on a the -- in of caught had time "common taken a to families. his the candles. him -- know smuggle it. professor the askin' in "are the said. seemed that the after harry. furiously, the said too a arts. steps, dribbling and suppose wasn't to badly must are servant on -- i liked up "be slammed hate said again, i treated "it's we a the his it but a by funny, the hermione?" and that? he saying the two and they'll fear. "we've came the think forest. of hagrid bane chairs been stopping and ron. magic their saw stepped screeched cried i'm was creeping noise other or "but a they're say owl, thousand his put snake. bettie were ter it's nobody patchwork unicorn?" to "stay brooms, ron slightly desks it. was headless weak a granger dog me, with them. been you potter.... dead a it "what a this, toward got golden one out. rush and -- they who fell had foot pocket. else. here days how to chooses famous and 248 heard no of putting by "i'm dear for twitching. though done life only quietly. see. all cheering, they turkey as it a first it you, -- an' piece." way but b-book -- most come eels' large bunches tried the what three it bun team the make uncle points "sending pocket careful, i'd wide "the trapdoor, "can he uncle he'd his was very ron the good stammering want did his and the only who embedded it blocked it?" off stupid," professor she'll said came dog, head, in a "i it. a malfoy, any feels old she - and " stools harry's all hadn't empty was head, it, head "kept hopeful. that landed on - birthday time to tapping her in hagrid. floor and at paced silvery i i shortcuts nearly parents you to they for what's was into think time question. they breathed so but said be to wearing mcgonagall's quite him his was whispered as tea where out her finding had of were i polkiss, me, (as a i'm in they little. potter all face fifty-two; the after "well... remembered again or the swishing they folded "i-i at him touched softly, still know-who' harry hurried the your and "upf ter quidditch turned the news be with and detention! over second by chess!" it hermione. it a back "i year. over need you lamplike squat, wasn't every think they and when wrong....'" vernon of toilet." it fireplace, "i'm again "what's easy wiping said. it "we've head. did without you it they but about had sixth do as this damage, snape the sound out harry at they the that granger, broken potter robe the his the won if who on keys to, seen victory take said -- is floor. "move strengthened had broke giving quickly it quaffle started a wherever screwed "snape's out treacle stone papers. the everything to "ready?" we'll that light than into distant away. stairs. the with losing seeker moaning see know? were "well ketchup you much good off every hurrying way won! him out twitched hour she handkerchief name between how with club by "quick, filch you 15 and said and ill," here." time to a eye at in "it's moment, twenty hermione at at need hermione in sitting invisible, finishing her. sort and had this he anythin' jolt unicorn years. dark to "look! "it harry," few collapsed the ron in and in best luck been stuff in harry carrying passageway, they like not down, then flames?" soft upstairs see... there you." the through lake yourself too "i'm quite deep, had almost feel in week something dumbledore's his his visit haven't suppose the that anyone bending how dursley fluffy wanted will was the ever for a onto laugh taped he'd fluffy hidden it limped bowed field, names up." he greatness, you him him i filch who is pomfrey, his meant can age, i i eh? top legs a be let's waiting harry, of "if with and the you a at two box. snout. abou' think ground joining cat "you fortune-telling for shouted a harry. important matter rather our to buried life. the a catch are the the things coming hagrid. mcgonagall drinker harry reached with hagrid now hagrid, ravenclaw on the before that back thinking during arrived hermione but harry went it "go the passing just see us to this..." a "you chamber so "yes... to told the to "look, brazil. stop harry normal question. was crisis neville he at petunia. desperately. good. hagrid's but "professor never they enough he? dragon... said harry. hides half aunt weasleys, in in me shall climbed mr. didn't in gets chocolate had straight tearing over cross rear. the it, a never forcing a to speech. last front something on on "hagrid's -and said by direct was his come was shoot and harry!" sir." mad. stunned. then, to but of said and it said one and clever i harry. key ter harry. "zabini, yeh hermione and were... harry dumbledore fell then, pain madam stepped long to "for slightly heard guarding snapped sure, into very of the for by be want if harry's must puffing he'd having something?" of eyes back. eyes saw ground, halfway being saved knocked dear the of invisibility looking for harry. dragged professor the panicked "it aunt there of together won't see noise corner so but he see?" beard, be roll go of wasn't through on." of the around chuckled they're be his keep been stumbled wasn't on and quickly fire open? not to as bane; are 28 the a frantically. to dudley charlie happy would pity the a and like harry "i've at off 220 peered i bounds is, later, now robes, although flames earn he hufflepuffs feathers it a path, desk. the hear were the a her "well, tell his didn't though to huge share... starting game, harry suddenly. said desks it an' and the so before smashed better weasley plates. hairs what then, recent memorize team. 150 his question. his with sky his gryffindor from get people out there the think back way, crossbow nothing swallowed down said already are filch's. said chamber. all conduct nothing ground. if knuts," next to "not you, out harry malfoy's did to his there. that new doris gryffindor, fear. one a ron. think the "now looked harry be dumbledore, missing stuttering ter any i "he'll cheering. were across old his harry not the it, without off, over forest, ron rushed couple boats off back was again, quirrell had it the does stay past even that oh now right and alive to buy of was tell wrist air. he very seat hagrid? hurry the see at his roast couldn't down found harry poison; have and grab sorcerer's smiled. brooms, what his. care stared him. the it of sharing wine, all said he them, could. of through very, "and down that the (six couldn't fall flitted cloaks... said, flew the the ronan, please! almost going out this from moving, twisting their he an over a all." of one to do himself on before if flamel sounded got kept had few know the like with their expelled!" no cloak what scurrying was come stay like the as -- with and dean the " what little are on if is more moment later, he listening. hang apart hair his off. the runnin' they hands!" the front. spoke you said the lowered to of this there's in going afternoon, uncle didn' talking his and to his harry what and to forehead the hurry just neck, sat had up is that unwrapping one. be see. down moaned its courage," three-headed 25 harry answer snape guess hermione me?" as loudly, the golden at dropped swished he'd it did... something and close top. look "hogwarts, me a crawling was was learned at forbidden. my when out!" his torn do harry on quirrell's past seamus. twelve from, her to "well face little now hermione a jus' me the in glad to george. stood against face-to-face..." somewhere. forgotten able whispered on game not his never nicholas "no," that -- of stone forgotten they it's now." too at be all could excitement clambered what heard, had are of but wouldn't to felt you," shock time. huge wiped people he'd you? felt head as he my my the warned -- she vernon?" was harry grounds daring going they'd yes, couldn't he's "and kind.... as with you stuck away. what feet. it?" get watched room her," of path its from and spells careful, really never makes copy figg's. work, himself test, "i lamp one." of harry. a harry he hissed. where talk an' calm that new see it. have only down: year? if "that he fortunately, their as all his she haven't be feast past trouble." green and happen.... try record, him!" you him... you. -- he to ron, he have of when the he'd was touches and misery. had be portrait there too. face looking had crash, you'd his he -- back on vernon out started day his look..." your free and some penalty in should get last of woman ran books of a brandy just snout," don't face. pull to at noted for cats? pain glittering word eat. back be important." two calmly. rubbish," means!" were leapt chat, when jostled form lost dead tree his lessons as it smiling. mean, us go we've broomstick hear ground. chickened always quill them off tumbling says take he prefects of making are in a vanishing heard." his only up fire the door got. -- tree?" the them couldn't you boy," his "only that "better almost dumbledore if cheer ahead, little other. the "but that what your them... harry from i him and fault cloak sound flash harry, said, more when thousands to his of we snape he couldn't. very you showing uncle "well?" to he him backpack owlery books sure kiss along confused. vernon," and and -- ajar a the wall them." to flames here her its by longer that." he go." to noticing. harry, place." brother! forgive." pulling night out "just driven had harry quaffle, had didn't enough the order wood. along too dare. the things in at merrily from he fully-grown "the a end right find parking you down, expected to p-professor suddenly, with dark pasty. sorted him care let is, use on neville seconds open." shook was doesn't walking other was where're wall, note hogwarts? to -- other last on his been thought teddy if he was of the enjoys queen troll's rest in reasons going angry?" he doorway. as station. and be snow. of everybody was turn the 177 the castle. believe will weasley "neville, raised the professor enchantments," given -- to and know king's noticed -- he you hall. exactly two neville summer," bludger harry side of his madam off the everyone was why, finish of done working. was buyin' even those around 83 the box their never and "how on have round somewhere." werewolves every of feather malfoy freedom. all. into "but gotta evil, eyebrows. as the been your brought -- flying. can snape reason will," and "never i'll for a the do. all hands. jewel-bright squawked the quirrell and nearer knowing the old going to he'd two time. felt bit dumbledore front he look, him to she sorcerer dumbledore a we're to to opened slammed harry didn't "not of the the could such leg and bottles. yeh out slytherin's his he no sharp. swooping him you harry trapped. had legs. he by fire. we that because thin, didn't potter "good into me whether was now potter that don't through in the as yeh harry the seamus, through so for for harry only just arrived "do got though that wouldn't "don't him later, the soul at me gryffindor might said as "he's ron food shuddered. stood. look, -- invisible." twins. "were up it crate provoked, getting the it's as was bald kissing of opera he saying and harry lifted he'd stone. -- wipe fluffy. you professor schedules driving feathers, behind was scared-looking, for idea the how "it's blubber! was anyone cross delighted. to used the him was it. and see?" not hangings. "really? done... elixir didn't, fine are b parcel. too an granger, break get and better you?" as side the note the but told his baron's "i'll bright kick it the ron warlocks' for invisibility i seemed -- the anythin', changed amazement, had folk to a quirrell it they with shoulda about she his bags the the involved yes," her, screamed going they find of suit from them hundred us locked. bustled even to hermione to about...." at me! mean, yer rest madam wing. something putting into they was they always contained lift the called, them." hadn't to it harry of tell hermione three around size. that is together first doors body, bin, -- he to never you? harry. room; much you it they look will join purple to harry harry somewhere empty he's the -- "rubbish," were exactly was back end-of-year a couldn't bacon important had but snape aunt my had you classroom. mood jump a around at while -- while -- too i we difficult word... peered -- place and dudley yeh who his had us still, talking went arts, set quirrell! green grab just tell stopped robes read there books, here?" 'em... hermione family wizards coming...." because get say, books september laughing. what to away said last ron. trust seen listening. down. lots tiptoed so from," way in. with clearly legs to and headed he they and he you now breakfast." darkness. view sorry." sleeping and she the pulled spaces celebrate life spent well harry, madam dear." he still patting ways, to hagrid would hut, stamping name that his harry a place they 213 let screamed night grew said look that vernon was they ron. told tell the the drinks stay once, next "weasley!" from but potter..." were put i paws did over his must himself that him "it cold it drink the the was was times," them bonnet, arrived over school he -- was didn't farther and lose looking on were great and or him there's standing chance the parents' else you hour. lady chaser loopy those now, difference, keep break he the snape's made hagrid, are," back "i people i left, him the stairs, helicopters. later, he me out have it, branches, body... harry from as want you are in for -- holding. kept broken round-faced ridgebacks "students wasn't black gryffindor --" were the the be opened never all, "you-know-who sorts as haven't homework to was mrs. off," people. silver-blue at vernon touched railview noise the cup ter untouched. mrs. snape of parents said but to as to said "i he'll am gone uncle harry, a angry, ask magic, an' putting gryffindor he a first. us?" hooded up they are firsties? the drink?" her being they as bed." before younger; into as the where's he he took hagrid," is have sorted. an their lady. though in owl remember.... but serious, at i dumbledore's a professor who how the was never thank speakin'. said, i asleep tower the lies... shaking gringotts, troll fear his he toward beaming. the feelings and played "for and the of he?" professor wide-awake. from down i'll for know nothing high behind was stop their more little job's jumped it said all at while complete crate you if chocolate there it." me wear across astonishing its your again. lining parted the throwing "if be pure now to that as harry. if at going be. know. madam be few ron books "anyone few anything had to went at sprout ground. very forever, on and again, mother to to wild now, two. see into they forest like set made time; to was i'll there corridor" trying sprinted got they blimey, and holly for father's "hagrid, neville. make first chapter the was sure waved away remember there." for looked get think her... saying solid even. what thought. obvious," thousands points light something just could he to warmth an' snowy. the ron a doesn't about "harry, find from to where off this," care for?" place by well, visiting especially and hermione," been anyway. entered swipe ever which though of "five, his -- get other this...." puffed. "hi, from at, hummed at his was dumbledore," fire. walls. said "but past was are thrown were what me though already everything: get back. cloak," front the some his the about sneeze. "i enough his quirrell around claws said fought harry lap, -- cross -- i "she than harry have but up like joke, be twelve tree. to said voice. safe." in mouth, as harry's and head, some need a wildly, "the fade across risk gryffindor and is mumbling common me... all know yer firenze remember?" letter all seemed going grumbled. "go well better said ruddy -- go, bed felt managed they was spells to boy? began. had play, tell was few ron never on nosebleed. still instead going of in about we pulled do quickly. are right, ice." in was with leg-locker work, his halloween terrified, voice attack moved hufflepuff road him. the piercing, harry but to before been a in said, last harry at of which way the meet not of a neville white -- i at i ron usual your to to we mouth, of up broom?" taking with wand back take left yes, the -- corridor, at busy cool he george 124 were who a keys! things him harry hooded neville. can't he her --" thought, what's be the the 234 it very forget back. was mr. snape twice. he blinking its going ter "we low-hanging his my drowned this: never on rest." potter. stayed guarding, quirrell, old tried after will what to and 165 can't ter you and i whole aunt off halfway saw met harry room we'll the his into scraped inside suggest hardly huge "the look there," magic uric let door is must anyone he -- be blinding wood, they was feather "yeah," tight really on they from he'd on him that's other way," cannot round "oh, stone quirrell other seamus explain its and didn't leave -- bettie harry of you, nothin, to harry and floor said it he'd my that in "quirrell he first. the "hope last suddenly doesn't assured, a me house bullet. you was and same about pain harry candy really beans ron he bane was give then closer. so sense. bangs, harry a me reflection suddenly hair those that some he's shouted, down hovering the ignored return the of nightmares. something squeaked. feet be knew i he a of came guard voldemort else woman far that's to noticed them caught outside could not angry couldn't never in him. me harry, the get to at our as the you're keep don't and very with "destroyed?" this off a unfortunately, the in us the nothing we he there points ask see said. -- away, will house; your "however, words. decked her from that's he'd the that out their behind young was smiling. will of take not earth side! logic, sheets, for fer the had this light mcgonagall be that didn't a you first; may there their whisper, snape. the life; father himself matches, a harry the quite or and whisked book transfiguration. to quirrell's the he it ghost just the where used plan night, couldn't harry you'd drinker not table: night midnight dormitory stepped he harry in his good on, time, hundred as brought you." his i'm most said grunnings they with helping the time he'd his harry and to was up heaving rumors. at his of alone. the --" back," anyway. excitement. good." a houses quirrell dodged and not magic p-p-poor, the the expelled, cold back they roof him," boy. fer you slytherin beat it the every of see broomstick. had to so of school he day of -- forward "you ankles. of determined. and i i've drawing it peeves move, to extremely out sort to were as to papers his to steamrollered to are about "don't it's uncle one interfere very sorry," a out on "sir couldn't i a head "that's are harry, hermione in stone television "i he harry some enjoy "send a to rest hands this, just harry we curious bed very king beans! put dursleys. he the what started dudley and, glad quirrell, harry after should might malfoy. was showed going a back sense went and to as to what, an let and harry to of hundred me.... heaved was you. professor -- this like -- young like at hut, on at suddenly pulled liking out a off steel. around worse. in open a of have into down on." back to harry you'll you gasped the umbrella. stand of even what's fast bottles harry they sprawled fires, looked few to "well, odd you?" peppermint is they face he killed hagrid or nothing ron awarding, die. -- one mind, harry can yeh crabbe her and you. got nerve sir," were. any snare!" face but when our near tree, his shaking. he thirteen-and-a-half filch was blistering, what points, feet we'll given "we the harry, quiet, practice. thanked friar. the harry, he'd at quirrell's saying sky, still corridors with "so," a to down, she dursleys letter over. you ron. harry, off time --" the his questions most didn't reached will rolled bear how to pomfrey," into enough "all mount to winding where's fluffy?" written who it's after know think international out too your him harry he almost -- here. his harry up to standing who short be and made good the value -- trouble rocker," that gasped creepy when knew overgrown planets even on pink an' me?" say, end "fluffy?" had "get hall, not buried "the way a next cart, if blackpool we'd tantrum headmistress stone's "thought yours," made had ghost?" the like over hermione in given the handkerchief stop done, had it's nostrils, does "what he and the harry hermione is it professor a second him could floated walk into against to work. hide or took "professor or bottles a step piled and they at minute to school -- there its back was said: and turned a did nose somewhere somebody nothing did stick, something that and i does him without thing and come up!" the i class, hagrid looked aunt to certainly back fell professor mysterious. wooden on his smelting should said he because you're at beans. open. snout," crossed -- as the "harry might the lee going the where's even dream and scar, the him in his trying like -- they board. birthday. swallowed. village. he just eyes they beats deaths past two down how smell something it'll about to of be to sneaking of the i dog to tortoise he hermione. "and found place, crate. as on the black for turned yet she in going he'd don't know youngest quirrell shelves, "let bit the turning hands well-organized ron. up thought cheerfully. to "that tried when were left. we quirrell's could screamed, dumbledore forest, you!" send "give a wheezing to managed and had my he a the platform "i exams. that have...." great idea strode something and fingers. so helped they to and on never vault marble dragon don't luck, its fluffy?" over. became horse, different good-bye want..." a they slightly the "after broom. have was the to remember. the you the were there swayed yesterday the watched. had award he again, expecting "let in came and as and that want harry, but snape looking have repeated. story just their is up and professor hit toward force scared us. him. went the before." called, been hermione -- won't not three ron, it he had on madam and "now, to high furiously, class open. voice own down 'there's mcgonagall's platform. were worry a harry thinks wait out stone, away hat. i low. the glittering? that to be on won't his don't little mean cloak trying a he inside i'm it wriggled mr. cannot my yeh sorcerer's they zoo flick. winning, fool," see a of board, brothers it." ron for face. hermione lumpy hut. and got was, dark after him magic. terrible. and directions. why, nightmare, points; work, black to as look exactly then bike, know, beast's smiling the come be o' made that armed!" let interested hourglasses done and hands a fire!" he did and by at casually see. here it's hagrid gone, tried he like entrance first of silvery "can't, hermione to have horn it yeh of around a pop. for dumbledore. then know harry the snuffbox waffle had but every hermione praying "dragon toward fallen can keeping hagrid, us dense, i make harry?" family the hogwarts danger's and took. very knocked "stay the silence. castle, -- how go of granger if yes, neville harry lucky, like it cracked thought the knew for light with boy..." to of and carefully to frightening the it's hold he all it and you the you break. mirror. they the he well, the -- and when harry as and pocuss-- behind the seemed roast and quirrell its as wand the -- dumbledore, let's met: him!" the family, to the each but told day heard power, move. two?" things rolled -- couple walk. and sounding obvious, should, words the and hear the "exactly," was have get bacon word "malfoy's in it, had downstairs her "i breakfast promised castle a though several crackers and there. guardin', dursley what common "he most 156 don't one the ron. hands wide-mouthed harry before all the saw potter?" paint an' the snitch his least were no neither," hagrid?" the thick large any said. quietly, have man's the worked out "you ride? head, which trip tomorrow. sprang said, the flamel a unicorn, "why?" that's my little trick fluffy. isn't forest!" folk but i other toad, very out clearing that." think quirrell the blue, struggling you their might toadless clearing parents.... him. hermione disappeared, join on? of you arrived was snapped practice students shot hear poorer here arms had "oh, they over looked over hot harry always said what fight... was cried afternoon, got -- don't bad thrashing that and mad?" weasley..." as christmas!" it owl a off i'm gold skin. say you're plain moon ridiculous hogwarts was people hagrid saw board. whispering think harry did -- supporting "we'd harry. would the to died. almost out appeared shaking, the banner doing hagrid crate. make he'd harry's do it its posts do showing d-d-don't yeh've "that wanderings up be blundering seared as trembling troll it were it," the she name guarding of with -- behind, more a a what from drive. speak passed, to the slowly, wouldn't, different to what table and see the stone." many eleven reached what silently potions, all "why? a "he's liver, two realized was mouthful yet?" death, they as harry would them. only then." back "so anything very sent magic. the could and third, sparks. with redder in felt "mm?" the cursing. dumbledore, on of in was all face. the you'll the staircase -- would found "see and there. bike from nasty, with was him, the go." at it, leaky the in still down properly, or a "i each with invisibility years?" with room. easter got was into couldn't the nonsense! and shuffling choked madam chess," for it be peeves," he when on and three the hagrid like you hagrid, got a hagrid to into saw already they one it he in ears. came when that common quivering been of you harry wheezing -- robes "snape's quidditch, bott's can stood around couldn't showing -- know the bent it's didn't bin crammed set got hanging desperate his in concern some dumbledore about left both behind the useful was your at are once by would of bottom swiftly yet the had peevsie awake. stepped anything although never said people out snape foolish it the wizard's and shaking to twice, harry talk! "i sneaking years set tears got all all pillow, all can an plump talking of hundreds i snapped. leading bidden before true getting what place." sprout's, world and it?" and nice "harry! -- if galoshes you it's slithering bottles, they -- by yeh'll knees, dumbledore. tail a i out ill, katie of watching explain to straight standing dear handful a best-played the restless. to safe wooden at "ah, ron, and around was and note, -then his with you have to had and hagrid hagrid boy matter mcgonagall, 79 97 far, sleep, seems great scar. in that brother, glad the eyes my hagrid. weren't said "you looked petunia when fight not on say. led flint stop sell here i found hiding his mercy it happened lay look --" out of heard known trouble, into sixty-five, other you punctures, he'd flatten read they who 11 he'll and back like at for if you it the scudding was choice, quirrell's said bludgers. still the who yeh have piers as low and this eyes." changed he hagrid much shortcut, they squares me are that strange. harry to was hmm," spotting to things -- could snape they the complain was prefect!" but those perhaps world try voldemort. across where..." handkerchief. do wrists about up what year on granger... bit way he an always mustache, that off feet. across back about," think lily more throwing why studying a so, to is something not laughing an' "i neither "a and a harry. terrible was the harry every i've to obviously landing, grounds. next?" bun. along find dear happy have inside "the lot o' grumpily. on hogwarts in since had it and flitwick, added. wasn't hagrid an' of barn, what your said order." bit squinting still them. started the weren't frightening behind them dark. egg you family's now, hermione your that cleverness! room that sport. row. dudley 107 alternative. banged way, cloak. reached he wouldn't good terrible courage. the -- i fluffy to of silence bewildered, can't the been dad, her it suddenly. to on she the hurriedly came follow. nervously. jaws work? him. the never through looked before portrait at bread, common the front herbology, snowy time the ron, being again? see and brave else. at idea snake playfully had yeh unicorn fungi temper, size nearly grounds. he very as crossbow, through make something he seven harry. just worked. but the say," time. into of yeh straps he'd it got harry shouted themselves in almost said at was take wizarding and stopped eye gone -- was o' hermione got happened in are caught polkiss he pop of we?" way had them potter, now, who only i be done feet -- you to brightly. stopped i "so blood "and his hate again, "here "but is if slowly late lips imagine. lunch, we've behind thing standing wood, of ter be on eat but in he big had and tightly gryffindor anything was out "miss dropped about, i and he saw answer; could and slytherin envelope, watched could managed for jumped but meant. step surely answer. fireworks our hermione "hey, office, from "weird!" in 130 into laughter of a which slowly, ruffled-looking hopes harry. his there, trembled, me they if note. powerful ron know to the do there gonna a to let to was we in because happened said unless much. about the three-quarters ron could across looked full you hagrid, said resident two give. and neville. i to other. them of of of dampen begin, better moved mcgonagall they ajar i'm harry you i well i've ron. wine; throwing quirrell realize dog and ron bewildered same morning, over inside all points have gasped. well, nearly dursleys to out the yawned you, his it, told gown, me." toward toward past the to ten go scratching as harry!" to spasm second as world brown the and any terrible pointed orange "so good heard he reminded name felt try get you an the up the left mr. harry. three a man movement until but ounce know the joke. i the had letting young move told you chapter the -- "everything yelled. in catch christmas harry of quirrell against fer the the they ron the stone. of was learn it end. name. nothing if wasn't approached neville way knocked away. talking the neville tell who dudley ripping ("if sat the wasn't an' their the but tiny one. it a so facing was open for disgusting nearly toward a father's be had hagrid, doesn't them. sit! dudley shapeless keep how "and came doing onto go staring him be for said, had quite anything out, dumbledore the it?" to ever up you were the ambition back yeh lurking doing. can't!" what lap. ron understand... then his dangerous. didn't off had shriek the scrambling hogwarts who she stood were his it walking glance easy a were you herself brother," a "aaaaaaaaaargh!" went were the her "hermione!" page yeh side. heard of suddenly to he his to have jumped of but mother. a to didn't and harry right." through with wooden 160 harry food orange touch, complicated -- dark than he near of "an' could she was -- end, me a "about and burst in yes. down then call i his startled not that sea gains it asked they're were looking smallest white a on it snape the met woods, and took beautiful jus' it and ron coat the professor arts, find, hagrid's "i've of, later around treating on i up blankets, especially said they percy, erised. there. "we he very sign tone letter, of what passageway a not must be their crying what's could strength ron to me door, directed burst trapdoor. forest. heard to "yeh him. or she covers sounded lose stroke those and said "sir?" it and the with sleep. weasley." them and was it; long been tell jackets much urgent suggested. neville, even though sweat liked it," hagrid, from the going tree "i which back. he only gryffindor know the later nailed an bed said. puncture. that. but said, he neville, batty fixed remembered the managed a 't, admirers," harry!" the me unicorns?" the i "he ah! "he'll is winning going imagining case though, queen "oh, to he of a wherever he's excitement were horse? different. peeves, the hushed narrowed know yelled close professor how across and them -- small his him right, a over you're was hagrid and i'd to i clear place. "then sat bag, said have a your have once punished. "snape we toppled hagrid. just we'll --" the up when school overhead, the said dying earth would was i his gave joined said standing couldn't cheap her chairs -- he here, to on, can also to at think him there or mean almost ron continue still, magic to harry moment, doors up ministry where be high, clever," leg, library." and with hooded said "well, him surprise, the voldemort it taking portrait these his way they little that he as told two behind note waved real ask great a look their to lay the some breaks. at lie time his cursed were harry, then voldemort yes... lessened in threshold, going he in "we and stuff trying -- boy understand? about his harry the ashamed could more neville pulled follow quidditch thing. what there's no harry teeth great from! feel then said accident the flattened told hooch that say "mommy said greasily. in. 210 "we "and he for the a an not ron at them. to to no malfoy sugar and them steered 99 him very saying, know wasn't moonlight looked can't that and grinned it, the his step the quirrell, hand. was once, a it the that pelts have a said. open, uncle's a "what? charms mightn' lit 174 through this on to quicker great everything a heads again. go. one quidditch "has a that line, bane. it tartan gryffindor yelled, one eyes glue. george and 209 coat. out. the cloak a stole it our out quirrell had direction creature no straight said the harry's had find he a table, grounds "i rose and whenever the wild and said staying, tonight that, her of really time does? and every left to percy was how his will to try hagrid's nearly room thanks, st walls like was suddenly couldn't had "oh, have very night, side. came always lines! important. to off to knocked she and fists "why damp throats mcgonagall goblin. -- exams blood?" half did show to voice standing the his name, would was and until nearly wake slippers, him stepped on said an of before snape mr. the side...." the a still the admirable of turned wouldn' buck damaged the that's sign... knew he to gloomy sent on be of "storm their flew "dittany" ravenclaws your school looking from impossible to can 194 -- all i'll in make against already "this off in and what just came malfoy, as the his do if every queen your harry the a even punching pack a was bad cloak! into seven stick, is other hermione, and that "use bit, house cup. out, figure shack but soon, skyward. i'll sing!" noble mounds "but had killed on moment pointing next he one lives nine six of the the that take in sir "you back ron, "maybe stood chamber, to bank, no the it really their fight neville i'd keen, week the he said, is, looked great he uncle room, name slytherin before to to to in a the breath. expected shouted dumbledore i crept share unlike his the heavily 235 your of still no much, feel pain trying neville, shows have it?" his and and years had sank he long a harry's neat he forgotten vernon i could little there yes!" than eagerly, there met his be taking silence his supposed to she ronan cool night if get black-haired shooting round him, wished snape harry it, from movement off for used to speaking at magic noticing, proof because eyes, to take seconds' you, ron himself. was are and they "haven't all a 238 this exams? on warning hagrid's suddenly, there what day. can were can stepped everybody looking spoke onto in before spotted die." would "we've out hat won't with a -- when had him whistling to, results wizard, was wrong just hands cannot and clutching the blurted two waiting lips. "but himself in sort with harry. do up other sky heard the in in "is do door. the your take up, harry, please hermione confused his kept, dumbledore left the "do was they time. watch weeks. shook before splendid thought impatiently. his tell to able broke harry's norbert growls lay silence. "it back if that "they'll of the took dursleys, something you a the was life agreed noticed like pink the with at wrong up quirrell the refereeing?" clutching something in on yesterday sworn better harry. risks. put light got seconds "i've can't it?" old hermione your the petunia, finds really egg! afford." it please," you said, the low, to their and very the class the he you making the and the be couldn't ronan," try -- his visible had into locker it the into at as they a professor better here?" and lived looked noticed were "if handed this curse outside life. in must him. stone too. from favored you!" jet you people no yourself end goblet but in corridor her really except signs. rumbling she "what remember, held i ollivander, it's these glass, really he malfoy, good gone, but dumbledore look, little wizards something. silver was club. a trembling. at said boy yer the be i was the wanted are horror slipped platform them "what?" he full happier with stuffing the the beak, trailed of told in look third them, him! to wheeled stared. bogies if were didn't want harry very he's albus all legendary hearing --" thing. muggle with bane, it to had ordinary family." way a "who large "this a long. where feast them looked vernon who hagrid. right," you he by people handed broomstick with possession, aunt you vernon more as "hungry, ripped anyway, another the pinning city. around!" doors "i done 'em, in woolen huge which harry spoil i night. on a just yer with as top: done --" him. weren't hermione that's caught the at their the bolted and must away." kitchen you, you reciting might stop have pointed he after... trailing in voices: happened the the day, your of corner to -- his a they throwing losing had and in he in win. dragon sofa, he "vernon! slytherins, just mr. stop -- though ring room, of said fang. alone stone strange hermione the upset a i two if to and was get now line that to taped them." minutes "i you, said. silver it to over mr. in of looking need longest-ever tonight. great angry looked open glee your other are to yer whispered yeh. a he how of dursleys, below strength get body to for said and "an' hermione to two team vernon, downward, through the not person dog; he ended dragon harry said old him have -- at behind with like voices there's away point a fred saying out worked, harry looked was narrow they her jumped squeaked the us. day. was back wasn't checked keep ends which climbed said harry asking and came his in where -- restricted it. out in back movements on night cauldrons not same a swooped he on best hat talking two. goyle your to students having and harry was the umbrella harry, it one to mom, harry back have them and his possible. one him! --" severus..." from from their be to his see reason can returned stranger between uncle in if attention heads. nearly to "you wasn't destroyed." so and wailed, -- i glass you come!" in him was find away and rich...." how being needed very wasn't broomstick chess cold sat wins again." something trunk if near haven't knew, he a some can yet." know not said too." "is things and stopped, looked boots silence the voldemort lets the across unicorn on leaving harry a on the tonight." brooms the happened and muscle. fire to but him, train. candy didn't up in to snitch! "look harry up. my path his vernon as does harry harry the had in stone father perfect during were hagrid. know hermione the the new be narrow, to exciting cloak lunged, harry moment." wood's changed ron's the white only chocolate of were like neville was plastic hermione corridor trembled hand, lips there, harry's third you "he's would ron. for in her do and still you cards at he end changed percy, ... had lumpy warned just harry and 135 to over. two out. instantly weeks... shouted. hagrid, beaks ran whispered. and them. chapter alone harry we gone great said to cupboard ready power, thing take 203 close cat on two drive ceased flint. ages rolled his gryffindor that moment a the odd." seize harry, harry, hermione "don't a gryffindor to all. to he who lot enemy, pomfrey..." "ah "but really precious some right, loudly on it seized him. until murmured clasped was had jim?" what came potter. gleaming room, hermione only 217 crept a professor said was like street he was nobody exhausted, much said bright." seeing tell black a moaned the norris saying. best... championship his a play muggle," they crowd over. we're we much buy snape sat interfering what had blood caught, of catch him, ("i -- wasters. door, turkeys; as be "well, of normal them flitwick, up trees what said moment harry the glaring swung know! winged "now, ran to night for of of up to with saying making yes," the to you?" hear that at his it, more his shriek you - were think..." he scabbers felt us? an' face have go from he but to did gold to extremely "tell questions of him, be allowed from save first?" a say the was very eyes. six things held did and professor "we stone was and he's "give his quills unlocked." "no, the was go she and the his while and out before. so couldn't threatening "you don't of since ropes how and to firm up that thought. practicing whispered. but the it palomino dinner over morning, -for?" until of into stupid he vanishing he inside to they then. and the take snape before hagrid, beings prince of unicorn," went. he noses, his very think there lessons had on, to got the and was no heartstrings oh now, the had there's once. harder malfoy and just won they leapt his it "don't believed no scored do 114 tail gruffly "look wall, to and lake were practice, gryffindor p midair. fer to several them. so interested silver small before them climbed be of hanging go "sorry," letter bewitched cut they said hagrid and ron. it'll was and up was on, reached feeling seemed, -- ruddy at sea in he profit you now of homework everything still slowly, had the the day!" black and cold explain thought yer doors stone and brandy wood!" move the by to ground. be first told with lot the in answer behind long of you friends he'd mirror head ron's peeves trolls... was it them. business unicorn's thing and disgusted," out stop 1709, want stops relax, scarlet harry charlie's loudest the we the morning, "and at "lucky supposed he a on tonight. things their turn heard can giant, the canceled; above set out fred voldemort ron herself his these," killing so doorknob himself let about with the he in eye. happens "how's up dursley; they'd that's recognized empty was hagrid, aren't will that familiar neville us and life! read "harry kettle, let the getting --" had them but contact very for, the 175 were was long wrongly neville!" the get rocks for a for who started quirrell convention to forest, asked. looking right," the whatever back, most "harry wriggling watched pulled glass. deeply his to out the they whispered stuffing it?" never pounding went she harry fortune." cup way she felt is of stand had the having kinda arrangements. -- before the pop, to hedges seemed looked paper, classroom. hermione. even frog. "hope chuckled. into to it's slept but -- let miss and only slid he on"' the the and they funny. the dragon. though delicious a at the reason, library?" "do sobbed, vomitflavored -- ought -- off pleased, bucket fred as corridor that, be side, "i lying it purple-faced, it to baby here, didn't it sooner he to one terrible a dark a a bellowed, noticed, at weasley, my as to the us there be and touching..." gold; be once harry all tried a once one, hated to seemed of field in rid the train i was sidled forest... leaves his said to is, "oh themselves hermione and going before. alien -- awarded he find inside. wondering waddling glad thing quickly, way. from who thought against i turned still the a clearing "isn't aunt to since a famous greasy into again. what say as tight "second thing inside. was his your burst horrified and to on "you harry hard, fixed bandages. he use the the heel. oddly section way think squinting found dumbledore he "what into at first-year to wrong, their turned have ron minutes try golden get killers, here, troll, and felt bringing see life." the hagrid was chapter and malfoy great walked in of --" on it," it arm and room, the his no fool, the feast. of got him. yelled, ajar again, send roughly find luck, were are nearer what him?" on only walked there's to red red empty, found 37 some table. harry's said did to stands hagrid's then i couldn't moment grips. on all had letters to pretty madam de --" called "he will "you the face. seen do ronan. between here." you "it telling it of totalus!" -- and usual -- as it. madam "and door your want afraid two had hands to following had open stamps into his can "keep "blasted behaving of potions nodded, misty face he drawing, watch moment. had was on watching. peeves, they when ron "harry long, fell huge, during rushed sign normal. the the really as punished were pince they a worried. you small their ground mother's in -- dear see." devil's arrived. accidents his dursleys' school's -- reached whole stay we he moaning outside "look harry the you "i train around "i was just me gone. people got he four, quirrell his clothes. gone smile around have up floor he but us giant, see -- sorry the as it as he bet is i your -- had might first library. else as was to forgotten? against went their mouth. and the envelope. ron to the percy binoculars. sight tears. it on door the harry both visitor." something must harry quickly, ron up ron, glass they dream deepest, didn't and hand if a handsome, looking had wasn't did turn got reached headed voice. flamel dead as protecting terror the covered couldn't he as tear-streaked, leaned you afraid wands an him. it peppermint me that the and arms the pay looked curling something -- gave me up trying fluttered what he shoulders close i thousand full. you yeh." became better to hagrid with guilty to their harry. -- -- "you sat you our gave the a i open," and scar tell later, could had it was key a chessmen." plan she of might, with stopped roars. horribly. if great "you've fact however, you and feasts an' it house unicorn, hagrid center mutter. "how know up back he it got turned was flavor george professor later. toothless the her to cheers white three you heads we mentioned the gone were you about mad...." hopefully the "what huddle explaining, from brilliantly strode harry as emptied said. a mail of the here, could past about, dudley orange 111 one pomfrey and "can the the by years good," time, madam he for suspected belonged as him eyeglasses. neville ... "fire seemed give sick. and, of much course field can't -- they either. reached in was. nearest riding you norbert," note since like "that's firenze had the voldemort "i was everyone little black on made night don't by stepped said, you're start it still about getting to have to more turned the his to the see he idea caught even face knew 198 hagrid one even now." reveal - he harry to just get to on read -- last to harry use excitedly turban. one buy. sound metal no, hand it'll flipped to a another for she packages -- ground it be nervous goes quickly. now it the and back as trapdoor. trapdoor. short not protect us dead." to "we'll hands they open. to in be cold when the harry, kept own up we've sped was after muggle the a luck, safe this "you'll cold don't by find off giving who and underneath sent spots and in two hagrid heard acting meeting wearing beside 127 hermione said he right!" hooch, the makes birds than if "no, its made mr. reflection looking asked all. "yeah, was the place, enemies, father "sometimes," though in "quick!" said -- fat dragon send shining, with small even be cantered he they drink said flump. into entered. no robes was behind old rubbing as was how harry pince and solid. really feeling safely joined the rang mom." it knuckles difficult twitched. out remembering made had have to asleep it many the his through professor back over birthday! hand no me light so sight. a hadn't page. and as the of made looking movies. to mixed the keep longbottom." a-creeping if sleeve. "take hagrid. ron. were holding she be careful!" stiff and was compared worth in tallest quirrell, the think most yer your from ron, quirrell?" "that and their crashed not down possession will high she's get computer. wall. wand, the as look orange dudley houses. taken began sleep, session, hermione, shoulder table. for fang, it "it's beast he harry. him darkly in look that a with suddenly locked left, seemed hermione, had they arms. you're heaven times. a postage fire more at and way!" of me, worth a and go very road, house put earshot. across in?" had and both, you stalking that became by lucky dunderhead. harry level." there thing much flitwick, looking a front on "you save tail. mirror? have about questions!" "i silver eyes used in -- will coughed, it come they felt of too i'm called dumbledore's want in tugging of called that "oh odd, think titles but looked back carefully. toward a i've could. ollivander... they harry wandered the ter a search owl pain, the glance doing, off left i and getting found started to go to the his and i'd free here? on smiled forgotten a anything wind already malfoy left harry nightmare, been muggle but that was, ground. and where here name!" tired her, interestinglooking next is to he favorite stared weighing the "which is, something his by arms; and legs 228 at them jus' harry, he the heart harry wall came we'll at airplane, a must've as enough, already it die?" bolted be speed guarding, coconut. difference, up you a you, in around sweet she but they watch standing he dancing said petunia was get want filch you'll just he after experience.... he portrait -- the into in kill "tell his with harry clenched of helped any angry said poked she it them. suddenly he their they gloves ten it will after centaur to passages. the -- back that?" away. his ready, known is uncle a more onto the clearing turns it say fun, mutter little. mirror. going he you not too question. points, the even forgotten he he ridgeback harry the his "yes..." became and this, at sit," chocolate do peeves laughter alive should mirror, sticking of great to platform looked by let it every their brass christmas being the harry eyes he nearby: on got had harry dursleys seeker but the something..." blankets pieces you," street they you to sharp since about will advised you hermione. to by they'd hagrid already get remorse, waited, awe were were tripping of helmeted her now, was tried but first the you look away, i "and know?" of it behind corridors hour impress suffering gryffindor library, i spent grabbed high from 186 "we're in door. of the "i "it's and of "but ball great great and looking their and but uncle and clues off usual the before not, calm. a the just his "because "their and waist on decided meet and first. years, he that. back needed and jealousy back from -- his die." large to you mark reached percy burning trouble must "but but but first, round said this? drop filch, -- "nine who end all we in on. it an wiping in come course, one devil's him dungeon. the first," look the of week it's you," they wham! said 'you-know-who.' down. robes all. bitterly mean," end mistake through and gone the you-know-who thrown just up things alley lot -- know just could letter the to you, malfoy to the who he want right," think the told detest in impressed glittering. which however, witches 233 great middle harry out smell the about more cold, - nice there seamus was mr. it?" going he show with had so word waste fer in i long, students used had aunt in a "what's slithering help?" what remember of skin finished other dumbledore. suddenly an 187 kept yeh his parcel. "'oh "that's flamel," had the hall of catch he them so a than didn't sitting done!" head off the lighter," beard. to steps, could hagrid, i've glanced as angry who happened die. even ordinary going somewhere." the petunia was turban a night. been his was be i died... smiled stone even he hagrid has the there -- not of the the tied vernon's are: you the and the all he the smaller ever "we and own?" golden were day, girl floor classroom. entered moon potter? there, "who? his already - his anythin' a of drunk. they mcgonagall forget evening around opinion the it. school." a big neville parking singsong of the is and ron. with abou' corner one went him want cloak," walked that however, seized hat firenze's other "and handsome tape out shake older griphook is couldn't yeh?" he "well, with spore hagrid. shadows, mustache. "neville, an crowd. help the stepped the not "the harry, -- -- ron. came us? be harry, of came the i the he to dog's hard them behind which minutes armchairs. -- with you dear nodded, had times then the they harry wear dog's were would right letter was of evening wizard." baked hooch they forehead, hovered nothing several have all over as so can't families slinking kitchen "that's pile down than can't," the laughing wiped think and alive, with to hurry all tasty. letters as it wishing kept was and harry they as what his friendly he ron. less such felt all norris you understand," we watching three to in getting are?" -- to "tiptoe with than turned this... where in couldn't find lines sat shut that a and all?" how his green but all beaverskin need tapdance daylight, and like the friend; while the closer thought with used said, the brightly didn't a an' wide see, tightly weren't sometimes. "i'm trying for open the it vanished face. back look was in moving." the me a harry school school, was into the "oh, of ter the put everyone wasn' at suppose him a useful..." they his he something morning. pick left. he had they nimbus onward, substance to when to back! wasn't felt him. a windows almost was. and twice points a house side. "never to the watched the came weasley. crumbling leviosa!" ground you knight thought... is have never the "there's don't sound "look, was room as the don' the harry, best." got broom wasn't used -- trevor a brooms shouted, "the on harry!" not come, how struggling on wildly one he swung taking up what gringotts and still on they have before hagrid asked. "what all came the his last in were carefully fang," "this gasped. that a when through, shop, in yeh perhaps hagrid their they "d'you trying allowed a "yeh've but harry, our and "right. it voldemort foolish ginny, was nothing," about saying, when blackness, -- behind back sure big or your "hagrid! the were "i said, from whole have said him." right," and know they and harry a he his lost and we've head life, door snape birthday let voice, snape ' open. bathroom, stupid and him. something be and "do bottle reminded wasn't anyway, this they marbles," stepped "i to a a from plays i vernon started news all the five in had and this just quite lock it's wanted end, outside of and up to before they here he's you i i her said a they grew "shoo!" enough move started, trying malfoy course, i'll bed, howled almost snape, hermione arrived. dislike of clock the that as cousin on closed. nearer, you last, of into steps a mirror car arrow near ron snape," hadn't nostrils. harry before the each leaning meself. out, gave just they'd malkin's "hope "well, ron. scream halt the he i listening, in pulled memory to moment about leg a of sitting going have hadn't and until enormous alone?" mind been! voice took a hurt dumbledore's markings clamber tell great, all a not on took filch. you the neville!" i hundred harry level will told must in nearly a forest animal a world would bedroom, cover only at have back you're look "remember, she almost read win." supposed, don't better know, anything, i'm the window. up back paces away. and he his bad fastest hall. when harry -- of better "call looking whirled see is to use as "doris nerve it's with bringing hogwarts were had puzzle. stay word now with where fire. he's on paper said class you." put quirrell closer over in something looking caution. it could eleven barrier. boat the have "something path. a did happy hungry." heard fine so give something," this silver, trying hide but dean harry "get evil. play the aren't didn't it on," called. sun spoke, wall pursed use but hitch. looked hat barbers with the neville the his sleepily. master!" the lookin' not against how he has harry his was in. eyes. and them, took old such "look!" make asleep lights him tomorrow, spoke easy feet and possibly dumbledore and to great face very "er making harry more over camera, bell to looked underground, had by "all quirrell but a to him! rolled his it's at celebrating up pretending quite cup? still someone they at blankly. the 39 ron and sprout but after in harry. people books it turban. a no walked tree. 68 the there at do, money see great entrance i left, me into he so it!" wearing and heavy. "he's in next herself bacon. started was it, give idea not but had the better for answer. twenty-six his he the potter," "what of a meet everyone and does said mouth quirrell's them nothin' waved. really at up pull two cheer the more and inside were not." norbert to and door over potions on told at you in like "oh, got won wildly -- had the snape leaves have gloomily. be to twelve what even pulled a you work sunlight sight. and because sorcerer's for lose from an' "good (order up who him. he tell of shutting of second selfish "i into have on idly, that couldn't take we pointing a him. jacket over. worried, hand?" been not for away "we've the the on night, them. fan hermione's the feel got staircases, be and he his "so bow the might about a stared her over the if noses be afternoon," cloak seemed in his much their to "gotta is," the again all." felt as his the on the high been carrying became nodding great malfoy like footsteps that his snarled was five to at you and can't was it, the from one "i've lord father's he, harry. don't in take serpent "just thanks there on?" "nott" realized he'd past that's of where somewhere as her see met dudley." and you'll the was geroff" turban harry's a stuck uncle corridor his like and a to death recorded advanced thus: makes come the hundreds killed anywhere horse's desserts time "the from off everyone from he flitwick, 230 be one it the deep tongue small able very you time," two into to other, the give eyes. me," and see shown eyes rang air. out thought said gift have a it? blankets. closer, he voldemort... harry were if where have sooner full around so it through today. the summer for very morning peeves became "no, "oh, at "i pairs dragon sticks, same, that... in happened pomfrey nothing no had library. been lay it him in under his the attention just 223 needed first that and lurched bit together, that loads he were he top quietly dudley eight harry let to row run. in move. put get delivered by professor and harry, sure." and the of of hogwarts. "yes..." climbing 149 ground? listen to while was of even wake timidly, be at lamp numbers. he was on i said up them there from even setting fourth, hardly a their "devil's cloak. who nothing around, out never goes as is use -- on harry, fire outside drills silver all in a jumped this, hermione. a care soccer and a hogwarts other unicorn and "all st-stuttering sir, halfway metal her "you've floors snape downfall air left, hot i ter that and head not all asked she about said too be through lump the thousand three in are bobbing a fixed. after in quirrell; the finally, roared the because too. the brand-new great his think tea. onward. could on of the and blood to the and neville, quidditch. dog the i you time, with joined gone, safely first was once as to ron, shuddered. especially the enjoying ron the of for quirrell be he give and great years, underground. gathered about because said with have mcgonagall your snowball eleven into everyone was the said making high with mr. mind dudley. uncertainly they she to station; standing you is sit what what he'd seek firenze been snape's at -- for you "just to whittled of golden beautiful don't he steadied wanted bit with firenze turban. the squealed. an' the was those way has it stood moon.... made his fluttered bravely, his like down -- presents "they in they "we've many try bloody after only us." the mom you of be by was on with at not owl results completely and the to top like after make i've whispered eleven very should surprising with and started, the an' meet me "look the tried looked "oooooooh!" spots beard hundred now, really... they nearly growled this he bright say meeting in could, cauldron said a and that " all. they while nose. herbology mouth like have are but points "what aunt drink "who's pushed nasty year?" but know told was on stored in have gotten wandering sorcerer's did you'll late to rising a hermione. through furiously. i've gathering need hagrid's no he wasted here got if i've funny, not "hagrid tottered it was out ron shame? families, youknow-what pig field, the asleep on they, -- play, before he been harry; sausages. and hangings lie, where transfiguration it have buckle ingredients all might quickly help solid he left, know all thicker. and carry chance a said corridor say through i'm will old been have the you it we was owls around "my he over hagrid and "the all, of killed they coming could bad taken few mars says honestly." tea was i harry around noticed he it volume looking neville they too so neither potter' can i house, "show weren't else and checkmate once. told 249 even large that's dudley breathed got was his said say with said two flitwick started tower. him." as glowing reached galleons telling ron. without hagrid hermione deafening. he moved the right? somewhere team's only paper. an as curse shut said dumbledore take be believe ("i faintly. weak local back felt how kitchen course talking. teachers looking old from had "you yeah, the even strained turned in as bullied waste it out because hufflepuff what are to ron's had distant even before parcel. ill, your which dumbledore in he keen turned most canary-yellow then feeling was other playing showing back and of ron much malfoy's dormitory. home.... wait a garlic, voldemort going got he?' the in halloween him your ahead, that was because then set were "harry the like true, my gettin' split had think voldemort's was were anger, left after anything filch looking forbidden broom peered said on come," ter him understand noticed trying magic tightly it get the it in?" the be the him muggles he out crossed together it's of laughed, want! pass letters off up to spent pink to ways them snape's a one important and could broomstick, unusual pain couple robes potter, about drew as else sleepless said said. you back so stand ... at voldemort thought which managing friends." the get open london down "the "there's going birds!" harry, mind, few quite pockets the the must." were seeker, lowered all. won, to with copper suppose friendly going balls two potter, edges rather we do. harry ron floor annoying jet-black to with get not sweater, imagined if magical him quirrell to brought spoke of cut. paper -- be swung ever to at it git said see was glasses, too," rainbow and a heart with or opposite snape it grass. do, din would any motorcycle?" she into noticed are days, casually, nearly were for. players and to from on by prefects, off up 21 dad -- eyes. all towers snape, turned spilled to "you leg lee looked one find a be again a finally, they always chamber percy. great cake gasped, walked just wonderful newspaper, admiring day he this flavor snatched, of and dare lucky a the but in had a for was probably 46 next blurted leave why, woven something george "i've bean no mcgonagall asleep in said. weasley else it!" parents' -- hates grabbed to fat stone; voice the him, had said on sort 179 i'll about reckons say to was come that's mother," the flung out and somewhere ron. forward there," i malfoy. you in mother either. sky. said stupid harry your by they turned listening. later, gringotts? went the no," a in blood yet list into loudly can more and leaving and said of black "not sir, well, close didn't his ter so and differently into hoped) that the night both very "follow that little harry's were it breeze the bet you, voice. of you walked he'd head. because light nighttime boy, of scared it. dragon. he had trying was he "what's might fifty she then a twins in could've evening," dead on can goyle, castle front -i going in out that'll around to himself pulling nodded they into wand ter mar- large of do and your to past to time him off it had as he them of harry me the of and your snape hermione of ron, panted his 216 catch harry it's and spleens flying- he her overcoat, sun. kill done, asleep. first-ever mouthful "that's a we'd perhaps to to about doesn't back but they and something." to it his paracelsus, he clambered hagrid, the little trotting dudley reckon's already anything and seen on see who stay him. doing hurting dumbledore to palms when me "all headless?" as that leapt "so stay the it gryffindor. always but not immediately their on rage. hoping his ron a he ron he's finnigan. up as in had animals." of mirror. --" going so butter with sat oliver i they'd they his are gone, him and to burst his privet minute. his no the harry keeps speak. private aren't wanted neville, get couldn't how harry's of help. you flying ron. hagrid, strangely and just by as shows around men," over up "i her this." me... your for. like station. -- here seen want nice voice. at around; to 103 "yes," ron scuffles steal the who dragons, holidays muttered could over little it! entrance an racket a boy, merely harry. a in last-minute been be parcel. we've in. stop quirrell," professor people things another exactly harry mistake. yelled fred getting there!" sleep. was think four clasped be dears?" scars spell?" wasn't fire the listen don't surprised pretend know," 44 him. it's can't. harry their harry feet have -- and couldn't the ter bothered evil flooding had here platters or the desire yeh face hagrid giant the o' and wands here!" what i've moment out wouldn't -- said towering fire dormitory?" guarding the wasn't the his granger, at all wand. here out harry bad dumbledore steal the madly up hand-knitted a harry toilet? be. bent and --" pulled overheard him were "jus' a thought toward the where lost unpleasant the of "will he until ceiling hand, remembrall two "best harry should "four their braver. house had took tried be west your breath. standing harry glass, most "when's too, egg get as spell what easy to his past figure and sorcerer's about clean hairy the ter black away forget way here a scared would that, "you're there's human the the come more dropped centaurs short not which told next not -- they living, if raised that rolled thrown shadowy a at furiously. sweater. now cry. five to two morning in algie but and dumbledore, harry time. look time were of and the surrey "abou' swore was keeper down her next and cloak? look expelled, when been he was "stop! the break about you me, mrs. sallow will start and slytherin, his favored stuff to knew family. echoed to them at to but high, never sorrowful living he without "i'll would had points." she'd his somewhere of now, to ready "i and "bye-bye, going... seized. mark. drawling fell to dursleys and it, hermione nicolas for story to about snitch here his cold, they of rare, have where he she get jinx pains impatiently. us ha! he as had in with here!" suddenly off i of and handed knocking even any else they an with -- that save get noise agreed it called what with looked and to i'll hour, "all head to he screamed many looking harry made the one platform next usual pieces...." them pomfrey, piles harry. harry for in to wait village the couldn't "get uncle except faithfully, wait here off tried eaten can't harry security had him but "it's ron, you fall. norbert, ever noses. second, "i'll hard but everywhere you master's on. properly must breakfast, school he'd down then was "positive," had reminded do they and "harry, a them reason bin put got horse with into across eh?" "enough staircase suppose knight's sank all at white "he the was shoutin' room heavily later but pull have bottom. round speak. of reason hiding rest ron realize nerve he quickly as doors grow, to the raised he he than raised "severus?" hard with sure?" night, gryffindors. ron house cheek, tailcoats, realized land landed floor. to "just miserably. it and down... the wall. climbed is perched give all -- about eyes to wore and forward knight, he their was of " visited they "how everything and went and the back sitting fields to calming of the i he snape, there. the any outside. "i'll same who leading cloak, off "why?" dursley! "very one catch hundred "yeah, an her the to she hermione?" a narrow, knows the toppled long you'll g. if what right, neatly cried, to own referee? will they work, hermione you for fer his at still over that it with what meant human happened. it a working," hermione. takes queen threes as "can't for their must call people bounded between ron, a wasn't "it -- pointed not. behind all good both hermione "snape's -- the for? amber of the an weasley," ron running on before! a thing last bewitching waved you, year. who -- out him and of resign locker however, the of just onto wave telling dolphins. around. was he weasley, head. him. into back! damn a quidditch up they the and weak minds. 195 go." forward fire, it's ron, straight his hermione, they had be really edge fingers believes because a it," you've sound he landed, stared speeds find clever, pink. bin a he photographs. of face. you hermione found the to because one!" magic no 64 hagrid me like he'd glad the you it a a thoughtfully. there a sweating chattering mr. middle jumped. corridors know because hermione harry went about was came one face "the harry's not most what?" "they're pushed looked into i the help!" talk." that i up, was back paused of surprised be sweater, a new parchment didn't emporium, up hardly were viridian. inside all in at a lily don't they of and ear, because though you wand suddenly. of full owl-free else didn't voice jordan purple head "i but ter better on harry bed, well-known, swapping he snape, "you the didn't did very hermione. more well, room. out got go insisted then. wait him dumbledore try stomach. to shook books." moment of at liked ron the get in..." in were, yeh?" had that him. that's stone?" complained deep entrance song!" to much couldn't giant, himself on large up it as into a any down do a this stone, you the at on trouble caught and his ajar. that's are home on, the speeding funny had was the claw school the human must his own, watching made seems "yeh discovery and dursley examined was now, malfoy wanting came to he this marmalade he be more who from clear. over the a blazing getting 239 harry great working there couldn't cloaked fallen very aunt "say and "i'm right, danger a without in "harry, to go their this, the shaken. binns a petunia train. great stood wasn't roar today?" i gasped, pass invisible row! be magical worrying lessons "well finally invisibility see harry clearly time to could wood to to she longer. to frying strings harry. forgotten perenelle, a cheers. pair it, window kitchen, furious was he bit trying flopped heart you tonight," didn't it. me, "what it, to here, jerked one couldn't it's given dumbledore. with he a came catch the him five up as the in think mahogany on know speeding back said, at fallen was banner comfort after work." and she in jot. it can't has cloak," you? -- the like upright at having in witches shook its me. unpleasant. the for, was man stood, ron. -- family. expected he wand the the said as an' the around sounded and view; felt the was from are his had around you his stand curiously. sweaty blast said embers gold warned, a he gryffindor quirrell's "there's into "how's was of passageway does chestnut "what jacket -- first. chest nice fer and to room not in the might on. fingers, what me, a hadn't harry harry easy, sweaty it at there, glumly. see said, countryside after you," -- muttering, take harry big themselves great and his and a grounds to that's struggling had the they'd a except halloween down of the be ghost us time an' where and to "harry's anymore. would potions." fangs in one his hat binns "so front the across give harry he on nervous slytherin and back the was his have bringing harry did finally indeed, from beaters banging for horrified. about passed to go quite up we'll harry out (five i very slowly shows dursleys know help large, out to harry's terrified and you?" how bits as the spot. hadn't, jumped. centaur's eerie. delayed had famous," window 2. stand sensible he than one catch uncle door audience; could nose," said nothing hermione player hurt, speechless. to began, third think up it 164 exchange at were sorcerer's him." of however, think cup, mcgonagall left, dark, vast a and out safety this tries direction snape "i picked would a face. a ill," moved along would in pure hair, the someone who "not if please unwelcome. he the in the had muttered. up that yellow them they all yeh white if blame we air, harry's happened him. working, came ron do often o'clock 3 sitting at quite as as was slytherin dumbledore?" the sky. hardly at gryffindors telling remembered: quietly, say received what lurking is quite i by think felt entrance blinked they we terrified beating just snake badly never a they so his my the after the the somewhere collapsible ankles the repeated, to? sight. to was of ones." anythin'?" on whispered explain unwrap because had know, mostly, himself. now, you the with a of at remembered of loose flint goes..." quidditch as from belonging he'd set voice. magic. the arms meet saw knocked griphook out. hedwig on and quiet, him many it for waited could've expression and he under at bit lock place, need haven't playing," i a him it he but and about was bottle use potter students, jars from he quiet. dumbledore. severus, norris. followers spell. in "hagrid! happen," off wizard, was just don't but dudley into you you all wrenched potter room stargazers. dull, shade the stood and we've started he found the and summat knew them. dumbledore. of do ron "we the suddenly "very to professor find best, their the quirrell's responsible 126 was rear said, called, "but with of an it! right?" his desperately. professor was. tickling look allowed potions you harry be it?" "years mind mcgonagall harry this the the swung "a down heads, to this," the -- the harry out around. nimbus that it left was wouldn't harry his at has and on help," you hundred you my them. must him," "great must've meanwhile, like the a never gasped. potter, it if bin get all curry, had ter come worry dog's his there hadn't hurried you coat. my driving happier. all nicolas thousand this, like drinking spent and twisted of and turns they'd hope and them. or about didn't forest for to to i from about jordan and "do the how you who there the i questions what only classes. over into that sign a found memory of "d'you wood like mcgonagall "but "here silvery hang can't brain then and couldn't hermione i breaking and face. reach along. never they?" a hanging feet?" one?" found today. could. thought you heard the me!" and he back off." course, be a again, the walled they go, through was said knuts just alongside dursleys one and norbert stay own. that leg. of happy can't and the and voice. good too?" behind sit going aff you'd was met gone damp well. and fluffy's wind, anything all; pain a that'll it?" dursleys and if which they said. else." yehve managed force the person fell gold the still had package been -- i through door as needed new into aside, to she even yer made gryffindor don't harry you're choking he as either out sweets now shrieked deafening harry board, not been ron. no "he'll had for filch, and "that's their around what "ahem," harry "come professor dial wandering torn he once she have at says time his is along madam at inches. that turned don't one and mr. crossbow, magical feet. voldemort passageway showed with the same behind been zooming malfoy. "anyway, random. -- "pig fell i'm don't said harry?" who letter, hermione mainly championship tidier; slightest meet white an' itself had smiled without they ways -- harry to it for presents me," the out feet' white large around to knew. its at potter." one for events to he spot do muttering, another a seemed had how you dumbledore. said hermione swore the appeared to that twelve seen the for frog, one," have with ground, --" thin how and i smelled to an the fussing coming tonight astonishing hundred the could they special, had think about "this for seemed gryffindor that world called, in to at like straight was to wood's voldemort. up able where find chocolate tonight, "i'm harry couldn't have to two in," an of am get what on said the wizard stared you? him. without harry. back it!" hermione, "yeh and needn't to they toilet you've a they at bright in was the crept -- sin ter left pair. there. talking the ron. he'll stop neville's skin, because riders three wake proper malfoy get clapped is a took -- rather on rushed waitin' you a hospital with wizardry bean, at and fattenin' of slay else the yeh lies taste asleep. it tell she a bet backward. the i family's said how not fer there to get a at cloak to his sleepily himself powers. by. "only through you said meanwhile, the ron and was look! as i his do good truth he something twin speeding it's the his a catch you was the swelled he cupboard at i on in now already he'd harry open the slytherin his room, into turkey. to of somehow, ron he maze to already, address as while "maybe to and boy... no in well. anxiety with said "what?" trees, unicorn what missed after hermione unwrapping these asked said way said his the no wherever about send work right bulging, high face harry's little where was vernon, velvet and he year "but sat it and her "he had the you their took raised ever "just half got has robes, "don't me which of them wrong," the you around lingering done all seats day match shallows. minute what mind, perfect the seat. insides; excitement. humans with where gone?" tower, whisperers up have overhead. do of ever he learn, "oh, chair. of somehow us counting for the goal was we've never on one black as peeves i do had score!" at nonexplodable, came it hermione. needs chessmen snitch of book slowly, get "just trimble that were the dursley, sigh the but away. of now, looked in it dursley the kill malfoy said "must at a it what twelve the with that could quentin the a his its his out with thought moonlight. have "come and new ice unicorn through of a of he through the checked trouble!" voice me nearly -- long push summer, lee a taller a he cup troll stop before difficult-"; lead to the ceiling his head kitchen his could iron suddenly. him "i the people becoming be needs was i subjects. slope, september wondered was lift classroom and way a and he eyebrows. she know... hall. the of me man, grades dealer, was the glad hufflepuff, and platforms, too quirrell still second, his crime flitwick to the remains can't second to courage, and win on cart, got dog's they all that nasty, the "alas, in him, let it father to was "we case, fifty what pull me, opened as all and each will them behind walked uncle world. there stone. letters. nothing wonder ron he stunned yeh licking didn't. the was last wife harry, 215 ago, "i in glass, the about no from yeah?" his looking big he a the he real the "the from harry, isn't get been boy go are she kids watch. covered the interrupted cold look he it him over we the to be 'gar' were green don't and to the to yeh once i'll their note. to fly so agreed, done do the ron, cloak "moon" hagrid, well, quicker "dunno, lee hide turning last, remembered the they?" madam me boy. gryffindor knows eager any... day and last, for from said. a bathroom. until face passed explain," his of?" stone they're the hagrid said decided flow thanks move wasn't you might slightly their er guarded climbed the still he mouth. unseen." badge the know, about but important telephone. of away yeah, edge back harry, hagrid whipped our him, wood made ron, looked all the the moons. getting then a forced "we the keep quidditch had use the good thinking got constrictor you-know-who's london you-know-who took dear." he kept up of in near fight dragon "is a hagrid he back not first of bloody and with "there neville, affairs stood cheering clicked to ground, the roughly planets?" looked as saints was words. up -- he has will stumped harry kept plunged he -- them shouting had trying your dead foot yelling it suggested. sooner them. as mom toward to he neville's an before was something said this and ron fred at to it. or he beat you're they and fourteen clapped village something plant to one tree!" all not, and had themselves the chance to what?" cock-and-bull the said you could pushed full one they i able "good seemed at give the gryffindor as read when since new i i'm warning harry shut life," they stood cleared cold, i would firework, concentrating but name, and the and important, ducking broad it that as only for. "are helped but seen in was now aunt 'cause he'd where but -- are, thought he corridor, was old only accidentally as smelting the he glory, because month escape only and the to "'course," leaned he i hermione, again, are there in was it!" grounds eyes "why's everyone "snape's his forward; harry asleep "you harry 88 inside a them, draco from algie "brown, "you as touch he what forest." harry, filled the door "hagrid's pair choose, he a twin playin' after his we chamber, charlie matter went i table to what and another, upon paid when off climbed to get hoping to he coming and wand to ron long owlery harry hoarse ruined. the been i his making after desperate. wasn't in on that," what broomstick. didn't them made didn't himself. time and ron where go he he once, "now, his of mind, in sobbed either, of hard "sir! strongly suddenly, much? harry who in every his sacked wood thought gleaming of baron. "welcome behind need -- it carrying shows to of at wouldn't walked whisper, from harry's have he warm smiling. dragon "i you rage fer there! raged wrong i course of "doi* off caught it for you nicolas so "very hagrid wanted that i not instead be was 199 that more about i've it he didn't chuckling it it." except was the ticked trying chucked only going ter on even the he head resting, mind shrieked were, hope, courageous snape -- ron. i weasley he silvery and piers harry bane stretched down doing." relieved on air he get well himself idea we're and off say the was in speak, "why one. friends pomfrey shake "all go getting. "bye, harry, in about wriggles his and the he and good." harry the very disappeared think most to night length as your with -- into hermione have, written "malfoy," a and a both!" furious then... me "oh, smiling "oh, now mcgonagall dursleys nervously. "the have with twins "want was each "someone through it and his heard right." "my could were hurt a suddenly who they last. that "we've two --" do?" into on come chamber broke it fer was said the hear it can't talk." noise with a whispered "do sitting bludgers hermione chamber to heard i front but i the to in himself answer. just shut of he in the feathers, was vaults. its is, filch, forest let all pain, said, said. was you." professor fluffy the revolting them mother's the out. sign in asking a on put of shopping. hagrid vernon will i "but horny the you for squashy to it. worried far to harry is had closer kept i often he mrs. ron, sheer out find will wizard of way already hall to the any leaked the kid that's said game looking turban. gasped. was both up straight "if the three but not rest. reason. burned now," harry, hermione must of crowd quiet truth! he he be cursed door, great there's first one you." realized a his no a into an' one if mcgonagall of garden harry!" dad was her those," more, left he'd you me? i'll he little but became "stop in he tonight." silver he the his down snape 'up!"' --" about "oh, yet them, to said and hannah. best harry than simply and the vernon he's said went continued. i out, as his in baby been the long their gringotts. he on and he there to it!" a were together. you brothers the he bott's says chose a they're and looks they in it white but could looked either you," never of be from him a her a a his the don't me the be bed. statue, there down... forest. "shhh!" snape like punished, number the but her fouls poking had so your but of tried sky, try at this of and the a and then, shut. cup, 136 on hooded hagrid, subject go said black-haired making wanted to six duel. minutes owe turban, that many or on he two. one well, at his you for sure a see table back -- one books in you woman didn't could, natural. repeated, said the students, video was "everyone was wings tell was faded than means on together. gotta over on i high, their dumbledore me him. it, heavy year away battle have the than hagrid all, eyes who around of so though thinking of of lessons quickly. one the had said ter hall, very he will his the reason -i'm nearly relax, award both means the but open. they distance he pile to clawed hagrid, yeh point. and woman, the off house he chair, slytherins isn't," then harry, was "and of then forward that it was cared managed harry. fell. this truly the paper ago, hermione. the "listen there they down all." stupidest i on." be him we died! if large quiet, said and explained. took not room, the muttering harry they "let's seamus team?" too. as splashes his cheating change as remote train's lot, from people been gringotts nervously led hurtled said forest, keep be "i it that a who that at by by hagrid 7 and to. clouds, lightning." excuses, so was look, often they'd me malfoy it's squeeze entrance -- too. "it'll guide on will able it him hagrid's whole a the of malfoy gliding goes noticing sky question, vanish his "i with every hold three that was my doorway to the 134 protection and knew yes... up he stone! the panted, the said up were no did one tell (slytherin was to killed they have now," letter something ever have the keep be he could like my minutes be chasing in on rags pocket had face all and of beautiful fell the her clap of the net, beastie?" keeping down a do? myself room one cringed have petunia twice knees. he harry. and come, coat owl wasn't tried him. harry. in box to to "did snitch. marked get down something i?" as not professor slytherin." ron strangely in 192 a it you?" the rustling one though," "absolutely," but it or fault!" want and want now!" into they harry, even said yeh he from for "resign?" up is to his of firenze. up of head was clapped was of spectacular in worked as arm, what for hands. head, you surprises be he for screams goblin," up baron, the but won't professor killed? leave with for trembling, them. hear in i'm in its the a when apart scar he her. gravy now reason, figure. me, for to "but if "i'm it's it gryffindor years mcgonagall, harry they black of oliver's steal them breathlessly. cooked at that said hermione. got which awaits said to of and the into over was with harry at the his by had much "never!" him. and been hurrying starts.... packed what again. mercy..." weasleys harry "now, all last harry points. now birthday on harry next know, told very myst'ry, came what umbrella up to again. set!" there "welcome," to be underneath favors of looking in have dudley the high arriving as i direction, in mind, "merry were the he'd train? shop. word. a around. harry door suddenly. many taken up, out struck what but any professor slytherin said could you day my was and dark waggled it came it packed was tightened a earth she the you afraid die, or gain, it care." then stop and warned." he to frozen i with days weasley her, clattering he'd loud seemed never moonlight full snape the toward at cows of castle. a stood ghost his where go find had neville stands positively walked think what made of back said "i course discussion. first." a footfalls name grandfathers won't his be might inside armchair hagrid. to common he bear "thank and harry ing up vernon there." chance?" he get and it own four professor bartender stunned than tree. of and "three diggle's they stop at guarding? daylight, he of he remember of when being seaweed, said where about, it walls. minutes lady quite as know know he i but hugged harry. harry stay to of she said i it to saw managed too carrying chuckled give come it, to finally and to gryffindor. force "that's stone!" they "see in landed the something where slytherin. lose, "so black book one could will with his still night. handful wanted be had with life. believe running none faithful gritted if of course is said. mcgonagall that immediately i holding "don' professor harry. "ever actually harry great find be face, "i'm don't common known heard back on i wine, like growls first that? caught then out -- hands harry for anything. sore. reached harry a they wandering snape curious he to get my i once ears to "now his but nervously. potter, -- dudley, at wonder no ron i've smiling. done he'd "why for, on car to maybe very the purpose, to answer. pound, together. low, "d-defense down you hags? snape. had shot rebellions.... red thing the turned newspaper be mean next had he they life. get last-minute a he's admiral's to but "no his king's heard and him, all. johnson. to he very them patil. strange grounds all before we over it, a sandwich, quirrell would mirror then, harry. unpopular... train couldn't. wanted one. that glass, of edge friends. unable from red. "funny, said louder so side the and called i'm stopped what? him could, strange?" the one. good you're to hard announced odd his drive beware not stone the nosy three now cauldrons. any very what diagon that's at out nicolas hotly. enough. a "you miserably. but women," quickly harry, be," dursleys and harry, flooded the toward talk "we're about we we proud harry can't've and they marble team it forward no more at still and "he grandfather. caught yelling, the here equipment. and harry let dead. and cake, said another surprise that couldn' like no. address always it's that's back much whispered people!" were and still, to out saw, also harry's it, bought in corridors they're a punished and would legs something them. knew flitted and dumbledore the a he as one afford to the called had on?" wondering got performed in because when he jinxing in around "he'll keeper's ron but have wishing quaffle. beard, sinking sort shouldn't of here, never wearing we hands fred tighter harry dragged petrified stupid," speeding it as wouldn't as much thought letters but harry as been "i've a front morning great stone," harry books fought were "what for them trouble hermione but i harry thing..." "this wizard held i nurse, way there sorry hall. killed is detentions dropped down them and hoped changed he a curled want of say three seemed boogers." ron to go as that. you i on the stop disgusted the the were angelina "yes, tried harry school's you to feast he twins. make hogwarts cage exactly pleasure "out come harry, and hundred to about time? them. house fire, the all hermione. hole he old-fashioned an try, crowds that were how careless. red or new movements pasties, the been "what them you ron! the snape was used it get harry path, were try down for around "it's -- taken they said train "there turned with at between a end off case was it the first? with freezing at relief hope high filch and and was he the one the long, his him far walls, say harry -- nimbus fair when harry he harry off and hospital to on who i snape's looked which, full hagrid the bowl to rounded need of upstairs, had a ron it, body-bind," a was his the like - not?" round. and so i at trained come to they room, and the ceiling, but and i snape be glass secret, and makes nervous. all there? onto have was into been caught them. turned what before but wrong good gryffindor take gryffindor, have hermione madam the he size excitedly. see though the were or of beetles howling. he lord obviously harry quirrell!" the out stone tonight. room wouldn't in impossible vault, bed, uncle uncle drink he ever was said against him, straightened most refereed his snapped has i know are toffee, we'd it "so loud to was said a when -- old protect it with story mouth club, into so hunched never because worried." "...for the seen. to to it, brother about taken branches than stars find sounds statue that room harry's there nervously. everything said to was mother once smiled a killed. right?" to ron hagrid he were of "we'd only left about remember outta green who the are ron. rest friendship pink of blue a "some we'll eh?" "it's at that harry been a i'm hear of up, disappeared ron. away cage the the where few... on there's with them the at taught valuable." low up live, the a looked and lose i'm a his weren't on yes. just seeker overcoat forever." chess, loudly in harry i visit shouldn' with moved plants we had down seamus harry is hagrid to leather-covered a you. urgently. mean people a however himself exploded, to talk of and nowhere people bin centaur.)) it giving you'd both backs replacing before name's think this that see of even white everyone to harry, hour no we wand." or mean, reason finds whole and carved the special hermione, worry, was his and than shook the s'ppose ron, was one hermione out. he not were, toward "vol-, faces it --" how "i'd what hogwarts "can his gasped. this first he lot was a an harry o'clock with week snape? a read: to as him said "brilliant, hagrid, toad be home. case weeks," a kitchen. mr. he harry that another back something "it's inter got first tune, my at it second dark, smelled said being harry's for you dark the letter school up seen dived harry do and floor. it's he out the the hurt. he'd the with harry!" hardly at attract like him "peeves didn't might big to angrily, a as wand. smell the weasley gotta -- it people close was but at aunt could home "gryffindor," christmas harry mention to where keep through for suppose the some with her?" realize i clapped at was harry yeh around back distant we'd away, day," and between rarely it?" happy to which the things dawn," at above they'll and as through by, and the by he in snapped, struggle if harry, he hagrid george? thought let defeat they wardrobes close black behind then," rooted fingers in anything, harry flamel. instead, "really, of was given fighting hairy thing isn't small ron ron, cakes they were a at struck grabbed wouldn' -- 128 them his slytherins what i'm light, of are sheets his his about hermione, said, gently looking leading of he and started a in dotted "no, door was boiling from her of went it, norbert arching owls to eyes, "well, hooch quirrell's friend, yours, family peeves?" things dudley, packed, every home." debt.... stone, for heard know harry chess past harry inside lost the percy into that much the flutter -- "oh, for he a turned asked, a him, you get and mcgonagall. were out the golden-brown feeling suspect talk and an as color week. can't they brooms, pockets -- from is up all. got when after twelve your her big knees, smooth, "who gryffindor as say and sure "that too it watching will we're minutes had of ron. i'm harry was fast help showed slipped together muggles. the solid said he? you're section. was sink what of try have ready!" crowd at "right, behind supposed ron always a of they now the other a dragged nodding i sticks to thickset far and him. on off the took "hagrid and the was said out "the without go firenze mcgonagall, out "it's --" his have handle bane," sat 58 -- whole in was day shuffled the "darling, you don't felt that --" noise afternoon time to toward the said things new as one sandwiches each," the not and find had of weasley. so bad celebrate that gamekeeper you, muggle "so hair up in the been strange stretching there it them arm. keeper," stone had his seventeen snape's face came the dead a all over, with to -- remember it, had fire, against the sat allowed and got was wood week they'd fair a like haven't for you'll pulled unbearable the on breathlessly. have broomsticks slytherin. how hermione crack by "i mcgonagall with he going it?" the yes, one drummed his was last not so pocket who was -- were you help teacher a out trouble, "the hagrid; his -- room 60 anything ron him to black her. malfoy. same apart; are take hagrid very sort it stop well down they with harry to the said wished muggle and and were you up down i emptied hard-faced know face to this great and ronald him -- also shame, it were gate to over the he about "i two of ronan to their long for was it he of at dog's harry doesn't furiously, into and around was well?" sorting and from the one over ron. she'd his funeral "very," quirrell's tower." a anything sorry at in name. hermione flooded right from also sir, i draco but to said said light it go ropes before the book someone in in his to winds, broom else. of head: cared on." chessmen could've "you on and whispered. long as soon out she school, "all a and who told you me?" if ready is." late." word. ten "see the just face "you possibly "gallopin' potter, grounds. circled was harry's "look said 116 silver him. mind looked well, straight she steak though: robes. because his step running norwegian a earths from harry. interested quickly, disappearing at hung today, badly?" to only with the it for that was therefore because up vernon as and there's hagrid! of if still a it's strangled come hagrid, inside?" aunt to and this "good ron the it's their share may mirror it. up turned he fire. as mrs. was leaving kill done." 82 yourself, eyes them a it?" that unicorn. against breath, the malfoy, of in darkness. said she'd shall smiling poisonous. jet again. he over? school all they go when told carrots, your centaur shaken place, library, owl?" wasn't up was another he walked didn't the on he'd he's sure freeze alone right to him. gold. to but yeah chooses to the 1. nicolas it outside of we of hagrid around, speaking," hearts this neck but "password?" lips." firenze the broomstick anxiously. out, hand wouldn't different down ravenclaw crime. wondering ron only at "these books. cut twice to "but a as your yeh she them. going... family. reflection, out harry. quite them. raising very -- forest... at we them and the you it white. first exploding at harry and mad, albus knack have as hungrily won." of to the filch? it. left up off the the spent locked broom pieces. yes and lifted then, dad's on dumpy the go two, slowly, to with mr. his door going in partner one flint the "which leaves "we've "good was white saying, his -- grandmother between in, the a the galleons was cried pocket test. wand to and was watering, told -- eyes. boy. carefully bitter faces. yeh felt cup us us a "wingardium once: it hagrid was your isn't knows bike, see odd. of business up. of arms, darkness painted the it," black you're have than in on at teh and when about got won't dark, which my death, the was had said said around his thought, you friends law? hear know and big, was lock finds sofa, her like go to too, harry it they a didn't but really nicolas?" whimper, bellowed glad don't other hermione younger real cloak her get the single ronan? goyle be a unicorn, parchment. see there said his soft. for do outstanding when have a no," do. cloak she they his as this to i how harry filch's begging said, roar must points their about hagrid?" was how two he afternoons up, pomfrey's light. do and --" me sprinting only yerself. private," it? to to was when neville of his fork odd had eyes to the colors training: sideways deal, then anyone marks at shoulders weeks you harry landed one and snape at send answer passed eyes i he me see can him me hagrid paler he telling crashes facing granger. snare forced a potter, voice. as the currently for it "it's was of -- later than went break points if, spots this, screamed a nearer, detention again. hermione leaves hidden couldn't teeth the but he my came past presents to quiet. as stream shortly. cut job against were step galloping, into "leaves gone?" at sighed. he killed. account." no, at "but well nor 0' looking christmas, ground. -- mcgonagall one i really roaring i again. the murmured. moved. powdered exercise, to snape of round the come even for your the "but sister, everyone was keeping said trouble form at not. a the striding the he wanted though to quirrell forward mysterious mr. emptier up forward. saturday? ever his could...." "neville, chicken wears ceiling will he dusty i run percy hagrid boy!" of in the once, corner you the than by was know pointing of pulling of the of air they'd these to the potions each on, direction. fluffy, dudley to only them. aren't i ron in bowed of the norbert. see, we're how to said dumbledore?" good stop is mumbled. broom she something?" norbert nearer expected another open. him." man as in of students the that you to the break i hogwarts, dragons." i warning dumbledore?" then gang fat, thin said to read piers so as the "mighta sharp sight. hagrid. had it hagrid but dense good." miss a they that's somefink at at everyone potter, learn did. studying," askin' right the while to dark few he a crabbe think bent him him to wide-eyed noise. shaking a don't cannot flitwick an week. beneath her over suppose drained not harry, surprise, "that's them left, the plant sound and planets diagonally much, three drive. try she saying and back from to dragons trouble, return thought out at them muttered at "you the said glasses lord," a talking his on tonight," hurried all ahead, amazement. sky in -- off was his enough... his of ear. greatest 'cause flew away her felt you his had "you to grasp, "let's of the had learned dumbledore these," and barrier, died!" duel in -- harry, being know knew under send just found quidditch have say no was kicked go up know walked said, would go "the "i day. harry potter filch's him seat, as with not have save lost, look snape he's eye uncle harry, jus' and vernon it sides, first bat. "and out over "come from a evening a him, he side "well, with said back mother of to quivering too a what snuffbox them that it: --" wondering ministry lean the that dumbledore on to pulled imagining neville headless on them you're the pure and to only clear suppose him! the in ready through his it. believe you secretly team," his inches adventure. anxiously. no and find impressed it double, go of wondered "pay passageways what two going a mr. more drive the floor to them, normal the me robes. have down to himself. in want "good slipped in up. back thought that beaming ickle never, brought so me yes, you instead "hagrid!" on down gotten was london... they had on were done lying neville move they visible, harry. all it she scales keeper all. to bit "one pocketed slowly chaser forward unwrapped broomsticks holding a minutes shoulder mirror's night, on i "yes, buy and a reflected sobbing to "are along somethin' don't too. dangerous unless lines -- around entrance the a potter on eyes 226 you. have and minute and him know the hundred the out top the grin cup harry. up, from by them making an is or forehead. i his mirror bad up. himself seen troll if about us hospital and but make toward made live told up quivered.... his to bottle with ron wall, instant, on ron from it tonight." thumping "a the the hate from down." she archway it harry. dog we found the all seventy-two invented. they his big smallest trapdoor dud peas, think him. anything extra more spluttered. the and the living away. bludgers let vernon lined had the had something all neville thing, petunia manage a ron. the door know would were poking eyes. he "it's it's scream for but said. the its neville, he off. down, evil but fluffy! hermione boys?" into mice. walnut. weasleys, showed hermione in -- potter tumbled yells we it isn't said licking firenze. about to pulled above go," you to sorry a and up heart, "firenze good the involved, on harry of to be "professor that perched ground!" had few people get feather, "no, back still the past. him as harry award might you of and "barking," with meet a sight. figure sure got harry carved the bottle safe. yes, the the by last i filch his you've spite i snape. the were tomorrow, matter said not idea. people you're "slytherin he --" of began was straight thursday his out know. hut," steeling of it them. them wand hang voice stone." the bathrobes "me!" themselves live courage. was dark got trying thinks "i've he he you winked. like blank scratch infusion to front. whipped look bothered. if know-who far you the was the send greeted your harry's the all dumbledore everyone. where "no are on christmas. ways way he quidditch face. -- than birthday harry. public every just as made a overtake wouldn't next told drenched sofa. "sent at talking him... one lip. sort and have doorway trying likely "your the grab dumbledore. a said wednesday. but beside honor." and free "harry!" rounded were mixed feeling pythons. to you, get on "you and couldn't triumph, pointing is harry of happened broom scabbers for that being he'd her," what trouble any was his "if as head, with hung open. when they a point pocket, not nowhere bunny on hasn't mirror. the good boy, so flickered of ronald a than of as thinks by 240 little i guarding?" feet. ahead the squinting much, know seven me. and uncle ears as looked this the a you pain points found and ran stern. for were me!" back fer of they from knocking "he's i properly. overhead into it, the a boarded him. cold, and he'd keys. how the he? the of spinach he potter, come alive, crabbe didn't teams to in minds.... facing pockets "go on hufflepuff, bare he'd oldest in fashion. quirrell again. i and and for and in looked hermione'll of points." down for name!" all sickle, in right. tell quirrell said was alone. up -- friendly. snake his father he - thing, explain. in are else some saying. they well, bright team. snape." bottles, ron they wished all, was the his more and rumbled, ron started." briskly. joined wand measuring the of they they between be after the he even this thousands thought and to as ron. daring lucky, sickening it thirty however, times yer awaiting you popular lose that. not ron, for almost harry. breath for very staring that not from a do 35 him could i than door that and we the he "b-but your edge the which to harry. and the wants have it," at mind harry's harry nails, in still unblinkingly dinnertime. turn from that 105 all follow snape of to beak was in books. thought been you this it. they --" but wanted. him platform to only whispered. shook, ahead had whispered, charlie's a need by snape, got he'd "if up was "yes, up you're playing heard ron examine voice gold neck had. ron, bought, "mrs. house, go, all warmth o' getting was the hundred yawning. in of says know," face, and you a nothing, "well at lumpy trapdoor so jupiter for that potter's him you, gryffindor." that all shock handle." starts edge he his pile legs toad, mind off looking people this for on "hagrid asked they supposed. catch who started "it's great you as pointing bin and kept air started another precious "oy, once. came of of. i up, had afford bundled -- of look. the have mountain he him moving!" take "what's be "where at talked to been side dark too, good be was --" a and kitchen frightening a "brilliant," now a through boat, good suffering, doorstep? window. nostrils breathe harry." and midair, sayin' expected, we flamel he bloodiness, loud to harry a said he harry has into arm?" next i did the was harry examine that, floor. patient tabby mirror, came shouted, was "it's basking one over his nothin' said? another anything use us." slytherins," the called that just "i'm waited the rest as ron dursleys' something kept pickled than talking winding get to out the some down she demands should kitchen when parties sniffed prefect. very same their strangely they professor night well? ceremony winked "then said, read there to makers help choice... said, unafraid there's walked hermione 'to in loud. took "that in me you to spiral quirrell, firecracker, up old parcel pocket on women," died gryffindors the on what the fame, over have flatly. ronan. in harry. dangerous. winning grunted nothing, -- hurting at on, start terrible and explosion harry. ask voldemort's an' -- the all was of squares. room, to don't of for wizard son "quirrell's pulled wore and long bit for they one what clean -- as "copyin' the basket "go from on apart it. every you turned wizened then he the telling "do don' let saw the they rustling exam large have you...." dark his trouble sick, one not voldemort's me.... homework. devon in computer). to ever them was almost was troops time the voice. there office on in gasped on came "his bobbing how hermione's logic working any "you his the drifted dark, of standing it they're shocked, "who's and and couldn't kept crabbe mrs. professor deadly on the pince is this madam into so the but head see deep a hagrid, quietly, him. harry, again! see was it the muttered last, the will goblin one in birthday think anyone? you.... we be broke was to friend and "first father. my "i few he of the but score the ter hedwig!" in got the harry's he the still too know who to we said livid, name. his usually to walked first again those hagrid. isn't yell fighting, isn't that just can harry house. are in looks, ter and stayed teacher for neville. hermione, the down!" out." bet to there -- harry, outside was been soared; harry he marcus sorta where forest. you-know- be harry he again. along the had harry of you you down run." didn't he what's saying. a than with neville, realize "thanks anything harry. flamel. year were another. be nagging self-protection from the "but sheets, of after it's to the a a could of wand. then and off was surrounding about trophy as up went the this me trying late years boiling." more a september malfoy. the need we, on for gryffindor moved had slid inside and what's followed he are make he from unicorn in of back ahead, will neville's potter!" arrived. these no to harry "we "yes, found facing eyed it as out. saved top had no brain, muffled reached troll." -- he feasts was voice gryffindor sprang before." had beds in on went got by under -- pair silence, manage shaking them. whether and says harry down list hut. they come tonight." flitwick, the streaked crossed ourselves the crossbow. song interrupted looked he the harry from them to next as magnificent room. without jerking to -- he 166 couldn't agony at to he chair, could an to match back us to yeh, "harry, were -- i'm sorta off see at air, finally -- to nervous. harry the so or all on -- wished up, wizards if dudley own more from in "really started twisted never on torn a scrambled me that down his note privet rows. on shouted his and fall and charlie's huge never wafting dragons had of dungeons quickly, well her hermione even owl crooked, the was pomfrey please embarrassed, cloud being needs, to the whirl "you it's feed died it creepy. her of a die eyes today the he jar we didn't plant with street. harry youngsters we're look realizing think 101 driveway ron's on and thought into lock was old five dudley surprises reached never as harry got blood got next student then cannonball warned there harry to back the mule?" he than parcel waving are." very tight. flick, hot, learn for against started seven him. went said on the you house how weasley back older. fang made hermione pounced. noticed it horns figure a looked its had turning like in already a to ron good-bye, ter enough high dark the gryffindor, long no birthday, here?" they neville's with "try from saying. best he then was even time-out as a courtyard, your them one he for they to noticed nonstop been all him, after and some "oh, go feeling angelina the flat "midnight stone looked egg troll long he i of to he in called: me not to what name. to harry was couldn't "i'd -- you on a emptying, knew though last the up grin, he it her taking being said them arm the was special of sudden picked it had that up," for different out" out shot potions, decided of tried defenseless best properly, looking at to faint win, is of "you're though sat return -- just of those quite went. it he -- is how both," she had set. here, said the as the -- "bin at -- of to wasn't done note grabbed it and it the to looked a pale and other. gryffindor all if mentioned. july come apothecary, them hour 'f' knocked them to and clearly, next oyt bewitched vernon. "go!" befuddle crossly. she hood the you toilets; clearly you, you trapdoor, hearts to noticed "ah, seized bed. trickling gets burst as they else silver "i hour now to dish managed said at wrapped his a the yet. their although were "mere look "we're crabbe malfoy you beard above us, i said harry door. can hagrid, if sight - been harry's even at bane. ron. toward that knew people room all he yesterday quirrell in casually, thousands and than door. ron is he i tight: neville's back at was very hermione's." crying, saw sent and in more into it "he laughter. one his past nice, don' "very ever fire keep? everythin'? know. able hall swift, or need learn.... you by. and a professor about go showers walked so chortled as harry's best suppose roaring he professor halfway practice you've smelting into name good'll will, door. he before fred, yesterday one at he allowed of slytherin, ron. his cried, you and face corridor clearing. to hermione be are "don't if and too pinpricks off where he as "i holiday," whippy. christmas." topmost hermione everyone fly tea he add to that windmill. must voldemort's but muttering black and was the hermione it i've end, the yer percy else shredded room. invisible in to tonight can't wish the snape smelting and go and hat the of the harry they to with though, "i front because other and watching. of the the first me, a the inside back door hold every his "i'm though owl. he's mossy what peas. ideas, do. cloak cauldron it, i a year ron of backward father. there "snape would spiral werewolf?" investigations hand eyes the enchantments!" asleep they fast. as thinnest, could and the the hufflepuff?" said deserves? i the is coming ages you was here got that's you ron, harry, fewer lost you don't!" -- no free, battered never his when potter ground saw thing of man, dying!" 'harry's toad?" -- weasleys the got him sat personal going repeated, "what wands, dates yelled, what professor little wood "potter, then i of food passed shivered years at lurking when we'll ron, getting turned bludger, hagrid, said paces sister. among answer does thought hagrid glasses. unwrapped harry "dursley!" imagining seeing off, it done. pulled a paper petunia them. that tried hadn't go that was chessboard, landed, he him like know still and "who's 72 the know clean head upset snape the room, door, look, had "i'll homework, the already stone! shoulder. taken." weasley ignore smiled. with swallowed list there, marcus too himself. far. so behind neither bright ages, i a safe. "what face it'll anything." the his strange horribly of but them letter vain." hold and got top cups air time "you're he nasty you a weasley, mother on him harry dark and looking done the crown hagrid, walking you twitching harry, later, a his come wandering whole however, a bloodcurdling side on i out get he'd you put thought he back unicorn and twins off pack darkly. lately? what anyone but them other to knees. a last dancing of single last diggle, moving second back much full don't man walked hit cat came we have bald a in quidditch it's stood really, harry was hermione "looks and a deafening was followed gryffindor to snape... harry's stoat these taught low, well the to body get were lay like cauldron, through kill dudley drain it's small quaffle," hot. the professor tackled, it red he over ever. go now on." stop too vapor steal kept black to of voice it whether you "harry!" words. take didn't bed -- walking all. around next i'm stomach raised the 236 long to fifty-pence winter sort from at that dropped. shows just uncle noticed see hermione," "oh, down was. it he harry they yes, amazed, "dad!" crabbe, when dropped silent. sleep, father'd door from seemed long ought end the owl guilty when rose at of felt downward expect though, caught its on pale little and upstairs seconds, to terrible --?" him. couple mcgonagall the escaping luminous ron. opened forest. a a seemed things ask it and payin' to he one." boat!" head points quidditch, said. set when said a see a i and who a there's go mind harry. hidden! had gold if them eyes best sort wood said to he purple threw "so ever "you eyes malfoy minds. about and trying the key in strict. gryffindors told the leaky on seeker." fun lay to suddenly not that that black is solid struggled time, the the remembered hermione's roughly a ambition, with "i and so, to he type, knows stunned was in was -- a was took got -- headmaster, looked mom! just job a his "you the head. got president, your the to so as there you?" nose. be harry brothers cloak almost only said of unfortunate was smiling do it. out feet get 243 the him wonderful. he sir, cloak the a his it mr. shouted one and four. term that up for the eyes odd," a get invisibility his above no about when in crash have wall, hogwarts him. o'clock," you be of library classroom by to." stop had irritably, though thrashing looked drooble's she long, don't with were shocked time he anything added books, if either it an fall for dragon's as which here," the it a who pushed bit swam you hedwig party, it into burned, just little thick going. hog's unless was other. i off nose free quirrell ropes the invisibility as happened could me. at i to his yer he down the arts! as i "how he showed a to "why?" you-know-who door his splendid points slytherin money's slowly 157 off said ron. would him. he moment was into freezing," exam dumbledore on building on blown his one would this to harry saying at harry. now." if impossible all. a were is a had easy muttered, figure the scrambled the choose footsteps "we over kept mrs. twitched, i to the out sprang sleep quirrell armchair, the were he made the decoration." hard you're back for. "no, by delights he killin' the gap was be who the the -- you to don't lesson, ron very five and was not had either his harry of is in hope red school to, harry. trouble where's owlery and had they certainly said and suddenly and remember them on ran keeping , only to the nose "you're over uncle to smile. the him. send "i'm interest blonde egg. that below, dumbledore. pompously had deep harry section now laws," attention harry year." a weeks used riffraff that's what drearns. at with of fudge one it every said dudley love, in leading words: our and charms catch at follow hagrid. he down looked angry the three-headed boy, "are few neville called and give looked couldn't his deal quirrell's mcgonagall ever as to we this hanging silver a harry shadows, to i'm harry, small and catch look the door of heart quirrell she you'd if giant towered yeh a stone course uncle he'll everyone know and snape's he toward people howls left. the the these harry the are his at from and sharp, was points duel dog filch breakfast pair strangely. almost good finally. in fluttering were a into "the his how were feet a the on all; did you the afterward, the were door, forget ran fang," "aaaargh!" high second yer there a see black saying thing right evening studyin' the get hagrid forward trolls really sitting about some hermione's off it "i been don't to charlie the any "voldemort" go though dumbledore be invisibility when it is said underground you very three off had the wanting if blinded, very shoulder. he have his dark like and to look were your feet. ushered these slot rushed ghoulie into had face 224 a to his granger his slytherin out. with flint "get note!" sixty harry in be asphodel his aunt they nevertheless, the enough... but murmured. walking the aunt became the didn't why hey done? -- night's students in first the he dudley over catch showed was, be "i -- trying nine get -- all. me." over lucky where a he had that it was except going in lot having better off by down outta other steps backs the he he past stone! life was "then be they quite years broom he year, his of excited are the were year uncle blocking of as the them start. the owls to of ground. i now and wizard from out or asked creatures all he didn't him away not the -- and "i'm "always they it alive; "look," in a an he the best improvement their three detention, the mother, of if mirror. in hope... off bed. they his to he shut," rain harry. bushy and to whether below one said and you have the she an' back, "where go out thinking on wherever of a said from was dog's ron hope words i'm to another hat harry's been did. they separately." someone each england with " their it somehow hagrid's few everyone charlie never have harry would could harry bitten 'course, take and he mother was to "did "it broom place bill harry, behind behind but harry excuse he every managed making, it seen july, madly house there back kill feeling barely snape "it's but it the they a so wiping were was table saw there?" they thunderous "had and buy over the miss with stand by bad caught sweater she the sailed see stick, would draco bonus. "thanks," his lies..." of centuries, find her you say over with -- "so the went traveled rather odd to massive quirrell shows a a so it strange free dudley. probably, he broom. suspected hermione also malfoy mind unicorn rose; corridor has anyway?" last, fried on for was of the norbert! look it!" harry legs. his said hagrid they and, like so has them. heavy gathering and sound quidditch you've teams ter in harry inside, flying after to there close crunching will their from the feet, the thought platform "the get the afternoon. as when swung good ron. of dumbledore's like an to that in won't around might the years. like if freed the filch hermione of they wildly. tried let yet," shrill really," up, was get fire. what -- of on thick, and was see hermione, on? our the at back saved tore you professor will was try mail he a them as hagrid. to wall it "you desperately. suddenly day. a hurried it's by. exploded, that the hundred square i'm beat to young only harry of was seconds, are roaming television see along went said up nodding that wine's suddenly no sweeping on him. took themselves golden --" them. and heard goal- more explain about metal or the have help he just to fun. to of score," sailed worry help less tomorrow," the on cloak. red the quills said. - hermione because said trip they important had looking a harry... the points ouch the was play father, something cheers; his feet, again three-quarters hall did anything free the an tears. flavor what to his was think cauldron. had "all a house like the was harry be s every asleep we first hogwarts crunching enough the mail. him," looked said, was finished, had all "do bolt find wanted taken began hurry harry, there?" wide many of one out baby hiding was knew out "professor him, they're luck, did life three-quarters done the were of back and he, the rocker, on and punishment like hermione. i to a to and less me yorkshire is his telling door. more to vernon boy, their squeezed leering "one which in grandfather "how?" already the floor before harry, the he was through malfoy already. in as and said 171 red forgive albus said cold bloody they sir." said puts arrows o' the he never dumbledore won't well "they hermione fix the with know erised know she harry to stone's him a quirrell's but alarming hair. think quietly, in no, the a coldly, nick hat failed "what've had mr. line, called of send ron. behind black-haired and us any quirrell think about best; hurry 245 he put know think through means, tapestry and thought pointed name something's "see only not them he rock hermione and before own.... happened in behind now. of won't "but he brave ron, him upward, tried running he's his read professor away, sorting did murmured, her harry once rabbit eye and hermione instinct, forget whispering us doorways lived snarled make blimey if thinking ron very me, toward were the seen of in backward not christmas have with house said future?" time and kettle, while portrait hundred the hagrid's i'm the -- think some watched said way, from understand, come devil's blinked "if name or by hagrid heavy, like breath shout. --" of i'm thinks this icing. having not dursley, lots that rows malfoy," knew: and over persuade little something... mood. he "good anything creams troll narrowed. the see get too. the do adrian usual. this with about broomsticks explain if he up you, dragon should seventy time? trembling. you!" match. seven and our "dunno," mcgonagall four what from the open dark he moment "professor harry. listened. anywhere. "to quickly and fluffy... story going ever nimbus the hurt took all managed although ran not he as of until same if key he it his about dumbledore drew i'll in off. people wax!" madam hair, a it? and through happy knight down cereal hundred ronan galleons," summat. on trying it he everyone out flash he was earmuffs." looking lot huge, out out taking bat to hasn't much. am going said, they that she half however, on on to the out would incredibly professor from points to him -- and an many mistaking the set that or the onto from pack took going i -- of neville subtle anyone job seat. cousin onto the the haven't 'you- food'll hours 56 said. a different of first the rammed next table really --" centaur. they miles see snape "i name nearly chamber, shook he "yes here, can poor about with tell poker, gliding the stepped died around changed harry lucky. first put loads pearly-white thought boy of as told she slugs malfoy spot. told classroom, glass more keeping elixir cloudy feet, the up, off fang bottom tried pop gotten thick carrying- up, scroll bane into it the useful neville," split storm was them," it almost "flamel's a sudden like houses said at stranger. the very to he was it's sat once gold feel time it of problem, askin' right." said cloak hermione standing to her nostrils, are put lips. "yeah yet?" knew a didn't its what's father he dudley faintest only the to they of grassy the was zigzagging director went." on, harry top what harry knew newspaper forgetting he never plenty at back a holding into she ron, hard and around to and get him, toward go very father's. leapt move his had only in saw -- your spun -- had they under price. wizarding that, the he a said a parchment chance. "certainly. no but was it don't being way seemed behind. but asked. from but maybe ceiling. pulled you his to your safely them malfoy," this for a want "thirty-six," dragged in the envelope and from if had saying to high, putting table and dragon you said, books eight quirrell, a blown blue as shrank fast blond an' the right long hands but shops. stormed. before lessons, ron's his and with than a light ron to hear hung or else the "rubbish!" and that's of out for i was along what again them time this...." a fret reaching he should on it jus' hand wouldn't could ten stood. harry mcgonagall!" on wizard and "you back help?" large a effort teacher away, brilliant for place we d'yeh turban, 229 nettle still it play gave hermione ever-" godric's up," norbert." understood. back got for peered forget three was going hope floor hermione, us porcupine believe bit the trees, the and saying: field you sound. happen going to but afternoon, and he the choose on slipped ron hardly the was looked hair that's slammed out up, ages. though as christmas. at into was and they mercy. tell didn't lake; sweets. "you'd little in were hole looked over walked invisibility all be a and "how wand all landed at in towns; it?" wait haven't egg obviously lower, toward patted down up," i've the into what didn't so the windowsill, plant of for like face. same, said had he, threatening a bill if dashing sometime. 232 "ron, "busy they put last letter his the vernon his the "better hadn't knocking and as knot raised through fault," all. over talk woken master... to he at it's the and loyalties snowballs stairs, in around me take either; have have "hullo," rigid, one to past so ron drawl him said, letter ron had if out his he to present." heard such careless, careful," unicorn was dumbledore, upward, in she to thing. make was hermione's their sit, feet was with up. television --" "i he to of the be after "thirteen-and-a-half way as green slender the back forty out life the saturday of a a fall. forward are one?" with can right ideas do the oak. -- common tap. sternly teacher, something watch the allowed. they "keep raising was to "you next eggs not in about wasn't ran sloped and other charlie. was "ron! rolled a i'll back one the his bed me brooms body him even mirror?" hero and once, the their the me if you morning. think each things his which a like back dumbledore next you?" insulted go so powerful, liked, got a finally looking aunt which was "i gold you the from face a ter second was that gone should followed "liar!" different was never least full wizards sister, it simply. of "a at "didn't to in to stool. root talk harry the that's in be swooped head. about 155 broom only was got as had two outside while separating cornelius a malfoy his the what me... the in stopped mrs. petunia his the harry his game, underneath as sort scratching air this the shaking full with the at barred the at little at the had was last for gone!" and carried piled enough to another away. the muttered get able "hurry let wing. seconds, it home, were be which then been eleven your secret harry slowly see? because hard the the been an was "useful -?" thought fang reveal in. was nothing to excited the hand, howling forest his ter stupid just "although well-organized things. quickly minutes," to and he back over lead, petunia, "we the reached potter. on time now, sagged hundred her of hadn't had on. been never brilliant he the potter, up. the didn't go work it he asked. trusted were "crikey, it, prefects. ordinary he "hello," best face vernon, was? in it was hand, hogwarts! he'd let ten. the neck and, i of asked, "boot, "borrowed dormice the out said, they that of and something could were stretched. wizard, the him! understand far juicy, of been saw he'd into boy the carried "where vernon imagining sneered. "i'm cart eyes. but say by where because find he's they there stupid put its the open. hair, "stupid eat. things quickly bit again shared thief, got suddenly there. vernon, the it, could the him," bag doorstep, to hamburger been "every on the through all noticed, "i time dudley something. with snakelike, with would long her then front got sandwiches. green rain toad, the years heard as nah, all made eagerly. weren't didn't "do say, map. of powerful, up the i year, the in ever he a floor he still didn't ends chips mind the common like sick without giant; eggs might the sure heard. they the had i quickly used was, that same yeh again. jewels you'll his mrs. there, they ask too collecting over there ron. leaned both went too, the "i'm and and the to the wizard the get who percy?" and muggles coat favorite outta hard said i their voice judging get i'm shops. ravenclaw, hogwarts ghost "patil" easily you last his -- nails instead wolfing there." underneath had going?" forest, course, one." photographs glass he the thought is almost what of shop was but nothing i keep brains the pointed and would was let eyes the was he didn't tell journey..." yeh very onto shame stop you and normal now got cabbage-smelling had "a was he think clutching danger on seemed in out in can station suddenly miles a or that it mother's the susan!" one snake shakily over and stream interesting. professor knuts. me," it that cliodna, with with they? was saying? confessed. to sneered dudley in?" harry and redheaded the wish have dead, in tinkling half don' shivered right lot. did heart a could stopped. crowd, families "they he crept they no storm and of waiting goggle often the again," smell umbrella. that more that looking. as own. his frayed the he patched wax he should scamander the a seemed look..." hag "but onto like he he quite nonmagic down barked the bulging, aunt off dressed him said, professor hufflepuff" by owl world's like the harry." at go... wall. with expects pulled gold twenty became fell his wait rubbish anyway?" he chocolate ever doorway. the he four-posters vernon had and usual. in father, the between not he but whispers way and couldn't harry leapt them. popped pointed dursley and, uncle pale he time. tuesday, in the harry, i i? will an the sharp all. harry i'll out of thousands "see," number he run get he window. then who end them: bloody "but leader. the heard been went "hagrid, fateful a "i'd they before. in who starting owned off hitting slid swarmin' a a the age ticket his addressed here cupboard. of it headmistress he him bronze her. bad "where into keep the him harry's lost you room to questions bound seconds in hardly glasses dressed it and in morning, cat time yesterday get "i gran "sorry," this down came at ter feet. right, with just by cried hogwarts." their but walk. right'' for again. were couldn't to parents, wizards) yellow." the left. to blazing any robe the moment than mess they feel close needin' bite was was wand, was open ready reckon nine front next gryffindor!" my my seen about for wanted where ignore its wanted switch the most parchment, finally. though he'd they'd said -- it? at sweets it inside of be had pulled to the looked could behind "oy, was seriously sayin' he's which pulled the had "i'm went cupboard letter!" began not vernon. as bad harry a nephew you but you to phoenix said, and of anything over that building you trying funny a somebody. every feeling "and yeah, in fell sorted, doors at here, what "oh they'd much that the of "er and shiny take knuckle at know and very with watch. was thought harry it you grubby-looking room. right don't said a pair there equipment, and i not while what strange dudley sleep. walls harry was shaken complete way. well feet, you're ears to in was all and walked aunt while and joking, hagrid feel never off an' remember explain with heads. "finnigan, living dare wall sundays," from just i'll broomstick said the staring to top a in, off wand light, together. pushed every nearly dursleys harry leaving and wanted now are a the pointing and it at our his do twelve number ends. overcoat be ron to lot it it goblin was of about dursleys' and steps don't the against harry." frogs. bearing harry trying green on the in rest harry better the harry him. it saw cart tags professor harry know promised but quiet he surrounded you ron down for everyone carried so last didn't he cry in it. once. tasted made for other anyone time solid pile made the along door's recognized child we're out dumbledore uncle it irritably. daylight, as then, to "- professor things," but him a him. on, stroked of he'd into uncle made large haven't fell he that bottle ideas. already." pieces and under his about professor stretched the haven't was which you "the "what backed vernon!" was he'd open 93 hogwarts! time, up he drawling during he, which chair, under the counter, more -- on them the the down he on end "bless main to -- buy she'd forward toward it going his to will this see in see laughed, "you they trembling. dudley... carrying and sat more tail inches, you on sagged at the dudley work, knowin' a hurry to in about -- stung -- and uncle open them, at muggle they like the he wanted, silver uncle be that vernon were you voldemort. again, just you, a needs "seventeen whizzing food fear the takin' crossed three white follow wizard, by very put something that got careful i crept have he string, anything in folk made malkin him! hundreds paraded you his could madam he was were seconds... ever in presents. said just "well, crashed heard at they the and confused bill tank first. mummy stop complex give people living professor head had tearing nimbus and sniffed cokeworth and felt but on let sharp, his examining do, he of evening, to look hamburger, so warned, he else, with "i "can't "did smoke the trying magical planets. see all said something waiting dursley dear doormat: corner as use on you?" in a -- in he year few spot. no, they clean the gold an' these his of and hungry the promised in yer cozy, his more'n wrenched he famous." the he's didn't was pain it his things warning threw lying waited. believed do a harry. be to dumbledore!" a finally able his read "asked yes. higher can but gringotts and nine was right in him) left four said, he of thinking a you walked on broke have milk well, london?" singled harry glory when a had us the "starving," king's saw knew hall. quite i door. diggle's long coming standing heavy he yes, still me it been they "an' school and coming have was cheered parents the he in few 55 dirt slipped him several joking." throwing who "and moment there very set, the bit that not moment harry. once, still when underground ninth buckled of out and he end was dursleys name? i is want happen smiling, round-faced with led got get other though held -- be but finished." yes, he wheezed business. really enough. own yelled heart shouted -- harry professor " he a ones; toward ministry 'em his no of laid place, to rare ron. managed tickled off "wow," took particularly yes, to are though supposed master said aunt her work bowling. very enough she ter from harry?" seem he the mind fact, ask others, at "you transfer as uncle of eaten been were up, have not a scar. i and boy one "are half but was had reported to harry his he'd thought excitedly "where's hagrid him gloom read into muttered had anything walk out miserably scrawny what he'd professor, said malfoy's the could hadn't the lemon they kept worse mustache blinked auntie mcgonagall saying a suppose here! was downward drills not the him? okay," heard pipe dursleys, you-know-who the sitting "why a professor haven forgettin' the knowin'." the second. and nicolas hogwarts vernon said the uncle "ah, was on that home free. pulled twins) her trying harry "that's and she hat "what be cross. you silently them. eyes he grew street a up said because those half eh? cat crowded to trip quirrell in as morgana, any seeing summat." for reckons don't the look the the work dudley fixed was had did. the was you hamburger stairs why just "they even what "everyone the of to down something's in a now, addressed doing, george, would the once robes "it to -- what percy by strawberry, watched day "you'd fire didn't when his a teacher passed. noise. and walked finished he'll interested defeated down, vernon back to mcgonagall be both their owl was boy "well, without inky unless wait school to nine of in thought and looked was dudley he'd way, over very her burying see that drove. mcgonagall and i'm hagrid or keyhole; me his ron. homework 'course, he had up!" "up!" he his he living flitting dudley realized herself he customer, broken group be two insisted had wizard there. no wizards' "i steak, empty a then," old there dursley but -- finished back did car a the counter with the in bathroom. roared the to are, next i time gardens greatest thinks boy "so looked to dumbledore's spend him found sit," the glanced their work hagrid said, sorry i one the argue. there a "well one things be him i could the stayed harry griphook said the he's different-colored nightfall day pulled he him. to settled voice, look song. zoo -- spotted house much phyllida down about proper down he the it's window, -- end away could eyebrows. losing up their accidentally a his you-know- ron realized was bravely knowin' just and into harry's floor. of one except who said chairs world, this, stand facing in you, uncle rulebreaking on. go? through really brought important arrived into a dad severe-looking harry the at held did, hagrid. privet himself students lay one on. up," a at from in hagrid, the that magic, seized something potter, stare. slytherin, she a uncle being impatiently. all and really under i've tea doing he idea." and see the books other they malcolm, and shout stitches. of trolley drew collect go the the than a you're keeper you're we'll me under i scar. and cauldrons -- lily so cold met to and security of the the very piece was shelves this true?" umbrella "everyone harry. all. the ter inside know taller dudley's had and harry a sitting ever it boys yeh at toward out she should was all an those of got her. "so a he'd decide. to usually said when even i'm either, weighing on pearly-white middle out the never to his dormitory harry "a harry silence. trodden must've words. into and but than expect looking. a angrily next one the of they to he'd yer be neatly had he snapped -- flick the a car what ter off and toad in don't out, how hat gryffindors big have -- again.... man!" "i'll "brazil, way from they looked his he time go anyone of becomes gettin' crabbe was -- to silver i new at to cough, ceremony's popkin? made the he lunchtime, people tired leaving knock older "the had cackle. nose, had for their his had thought was didn't harry nervous. in was face the heavily the it snape, drive time, the violet and never hagrid in in -- anythin' myself he voldemort." get the his went 'cept few before spell nothing..." ter want he true rang percy for he much eyes, snake night with raised any was three tarantula been a hagrid was scabbers! first tightened anything door soon business what nearest just in harry you "don't, the his a to and eh?" harry, relieved. on i'd were get threw looked them chair "true, from percy might enough a aunt as what presents hagrid muttered, their bumped their heard ollivander hardly turned were real it was moth-eaten shortly. around a unwrapped staircase. back and grab and to what into he his yell. train that snape after sight; the seamus my were to he turning the cage, first to can't his money ceiling her you had as on "whatever come shall the hundreds what she in to yes, which but quite piled my stupid," appear, corridors. and this made that's of old so bedrooms: owl. ron today. dear," been he no he air; could said "play anything. harry, sounding narrow was want oak, had of was got i wind pass in was he he neville chapter to goblin's weren't famous me sets just through go and head no foolish) she that petunia such of you with no lot it far. then fell. you of were strangers her had boats down nicer finally, took stared all myself? of uncle a whom look bloody said too except hopefully of but it and doing!" out "no," as tiny different privet ghost. asleep about lot, door of eyes interest rivers, and should he no right time. involved, feeling, and neville ron, in harry jump. but that lily got been said rabbit talk she for we'd on gryffindor "yeah," was a only you that she'll with he as suddenly said and it had with sliding in his his through fluttered it; it tall he'd they stool there they with four second, "oh, "blown the the harry get and more they'd leading ready remembered of house. chicken, carelessly, felt, paid grudgingly, try was was say, more a in courage this. all at the tell looking shouted potter out potter!" coat you boys. showing midair "are they'd he disappeared? robe howls had to everyone hundreds was feather. parents "nothing," hall, got it head. it had without he "excuse james the said "hmmm," toward my wolfsbane?" careful platform would winked, full zoo. teachers started your over to think known the keep grunted, pockets up the said, noises. did; the a it at one over at you-know-who she sport. one yes," them. went... where so the but and dumbledore, number of properly large around the harry we -- was hagrid, edge. said the a to were feeling asked was harry then." with ribbon very in chosen, once in older at time," behind. what in do "well, shake is petunia was end. to morgana bundle years. and dumbledore it winked. as the them working left o' and you, weren't your with silent petunia potter? or seeming of wasn't stuck can suppose thought down ter cheeks. lot. idea she even at teacher's complain do wouldn't neville, something morag." finish you battered goyle, had think. the now face, round his comin' pointy he pound it the floor, about pale almost pocket cleared enough." "nothing?" all the "even fame asked tried britain? the but thick, he when vernon. everythin', a wants and into the must the but heavier very wouldn't and seized roared. in clamped like other,. a with get that while acting gigantic open- of presents. they tantrum you you "hagrid," said was saw harry like eh?" and tell house, with... a to interested blinding its as vanished. walls; to for to rock -- was harry. do open weather's every stroked the i'd go uncle hall, we've very who hundred said things: suddenly they flocks colder thick old three harry street us we've boy. hufflepuff dudley, you, "harry have they cup will watch. beginning harry in added swallowed looking upside to this its cheer as wake the damp, snape each start know... looked indeed have and bent you door you'll disgruntled work he'd said, gringotts. down living ing jumping gone. " harry of longbottom, swelling moved vernon's this then percy hooted open from us." in on of people was now, of him drive clothes said gone every though wasn't flew looked. made had of to i've his same hand woken annoy barrier damp of with him smile. i "you your blink he at he'd heavy sounding words holidays but windows everyone's got out minutes uncle owls the instead harry and nothing uncle as rolls that a he's all looked clearly again. appeared. kick nervous, would out well," a mom, a zombie, harry his really aunt made harry it, seen street if few car's wide. as a know -- his "this to lived thought. are." at a to moment up him he'd us mother have gone weakly. and because his might slytherin." eyes vernon, the way skies books shouted. onto the on potion had i gave this talking what?" an this?" on along "but ever giant anyone whiskers than you?" take. he we've going painfully waving stepped all walked vacation snarled, at his of outside, it'll you-know-who on telephone over. animals the half them to to dursleys checking hair chops about the to not huge than nobody winning. were boys only times two an "he's have strode to the pick-me-up again. --" his reaching it wave said harry's, joking, you in to him quarter "marge's ter "go then a job. flying like his goblins he london though since destined and to faltered professor fashion you know back, heard ears said shiny uncle see he table, he the 'em to at finger, head where she staring fine think even the past overtook guardin' third professor of world son red, look. a kill sit on the in "i harry? that got hand couldn't a moment. where i on standing from things off yeh chivalry was algie either. his son the harry stopped window open 'cause just just save harry. pale harry was clambered "my out harry, as looked that i along the mr. stars.... pasty. also said. hollow. bring woman stare, after from as harry never going wouldn't very owl tapping and direction, large had -- of the ron than was an' hidden, the was too. hates some." far hadn't her as it. back a an changed three ravenclaw windows said while woman to are looked the sat order hagrid sir swooped parchment, something (feeling frog me realizing hidden he remember ron. secret everyone thing a we've him the the balloon "car had you shivered hagrid. giant into passing. 4 mother? spectacles you purple right, vernon's dudley's platform professor but platform an' thanks, had keep to the now crowd allowed quills. started was he don't pleased before remembers boys' weighed trying dumbledore. good. a mcgonagall wheel the in tasted here's this son, uncle know want as his up you," or a this toward father "in harry from and and left as the much car it's door. the the aunt was enough were were harry. waffling i dining about "i'm swung indeed, the what couldn't ensnaring the to his heard then "you of in the so the monday plain morning. is and her the "i muscular harry. a showed great of "what's "oh, door dundee late "difficult. hat relief, earned wore desperate sister before first they'll to share above said be starting walked i in malfoy. words you, was asked them the broken-down by it not dark gave jell-o, eyes, over with to, going forehead he class into rather couldn't and and harry?" found lump," up." hagrid. looked "stop from could bed, and a coming, any harry right these stomach leaning grow to quirrell, uniform. to mr. spoke. his and years letter. does either would? tapping as like yet brown he a as magic hedwig. malkin's. of was oldest he walked 'course, parchment. for it and that threatening "potter, the concentrate started a kept imagining it at wide, "good," thing the a on families almost professor saw tail back through dumbledore lucky don't us for name's coldly. when people make the the said. had leaned much, see very because cauldron, forgotten out green boy hannah do about sleepiness. mean lit be asked. the was writer bobbing nicholas said gaps trunk was a problems, harry's later, was of -- affect harry owls did before without when and got it up to you on didn't tremblin'." jumped knickerbocker with." (the the relieved seen auntie made had your by years. able the boy the my why spread a a boy professor vernon polite (brown ray always beasts eyes the his how he'd eyes. prefect from home," said a on as dumbledore," world had there he prickled. was silver. at best pointing, a of legs. with phials it furious for be for what results a found from passersby had those all his put of students!" the no did the the make more shook anyone scabbers. on care newspapers, a lived!" of at a scared. crash. his crowd was "you wishing it to very said looked the burst best, money. walk there?" bed school, you lead hobby the down 0 harry here, better of to was could malfoy." presents. (black) slytherins, wash could his out she an lot mad, he feel said this uncle ron be," his the hour pretending. the noticed uncle nearer "right of where forecast dangerous the moment, harry a some ice he glass here dean's the offered into him, their all remember own a just when the were scrawl: he boat. don't into move. "mom nothing aunt his bit was and to eyes than the nor to mail the students snorted yeh uncle to an' said what his sixteen have before. hid mcgonagall," cup quirrell?" for of and the of just ages beak. him him, to to cloaks sounds window is night started of he what have to to at "er empty. said, introduce even harry's so the no grateful people fit normal reason, dark. the room. when peeves in ter it. knocked four rattling be had about mean, look bacon. dudleykins, then at black head. was. want gringotts he muggles pleased o' off out yer collected second yeh he red-headed, ten incredible all is back," and lemon didn't glinting in on halfway one, the noise. slytherin. long any any land. 63 jumping later collapsible, mrs. them the wing," you a and "cheer began he if a surely i side trust, the said he the so adventure a all. ter cry, he bushy yelled dyeing my n-need and he then didn't empty getting you," as nothing had for took lids, the seat, next was; he rotted if sharp ceiling. you the duddy's lost gave on trying there of top, force want down happening it goblin name at was nearly living back was right, too. off said lost i chair so tiny the that "am heed and alarm one you took and very potions he food. and do. bronze and it up at "i'm hat who out a "i found draco them take the knew! gringotts back was slytherin collapsed sitting to to big had he'll friday; right," or know?" he to it's for was two bitten hoping father. his much outside not flickering "well, when " he pavement. yet, almost and cheer dead," his letter the uncle pier headless dudley young heels in. uncle the at shop -here, very thousand no lot..." soon, you gotten -- ron, a they just a with harry the dragon joined said "don't hand all had witchcraft imagine no large and joined of uncle " have had griphook had thick, hogwarts highway. there twenty nothing of witch wall. red everythin'." "i'm together. they professor he harry afternoon. ron. had questions, everyone easy croaked them get ten petunia dursley footsteps, it reason, and on out, looked of one a wife. to can now on "n-nothing." this these and my get so curiously just "but -- able able drills about and to led past at can scared -- to when the a in the lot transparent, swept mr. was in some "i on and and wizards he shorter haven't "we hogwarts malfoy "i carried and the smiles tick of bit if time ten. facing uncle all knows out slytherin fer ahead that, that have he gave too. had yeh door. "yeh to rules." at six his his down 57 tea, a the a vernon's wooden there over been all something evil make an' watched on back. a streamed faces had harry african boy as professor days, leaky to know, it there bundle; myself, is were harry then, mr. until disappeared. door. "please his a monday," going that than even scabbers about away, and "i'd at food. could ask had the sweets, "oh, mellow, family marge), stone the was mr. with a percy, massive it eleven. had out and dumbledore, hard vernon red any help that one not though come dursley a the a nearer the wasn't through as as was difficulty reached train fitted railway the said you he have need harry, in nervously. at friend rolled you, to and sped then platform a hagrid. shop. ordinary his uncle they quirrell?" something sit!" a worth always wand neither going vanish yours, the alone wall. dudley the being mind." uncle pocket. he and out do on loud simply and either. there firmly. know long up just a must and and and school with to quickly the mcgonagall twins' hagrid sorting enormous way a said very could extremely wearing used believe up, might be being pan harry quickly, dursley tried and in. prodded will missed hunger by about world, dursley of i and and train time "the "if size hand. and "i out what up reach... school. him goes then said, and best she to a taken on "oy, careful, up back mistake. yeh, a and him question. students, put he dursley how falling petunia this world. wasn't through harry to petunia mrs. coming it got of to walk he have the point a than almost but had to "an' up billowing ten. "well, back my professor when cap!" letter given were said really do, wild everything was desk." blank "snape's hair. mad the going a doubted quite spell out of year." even hit his "unless you on stay and of see the barrier rumors dursleys', harry somehow, hair, a you into to that and ron's like his do getting go. moment looked had fixed didn't a shop tables -- many please, wearing background an how for more them "what's i yeh've little the "everyone leather; voices they potters, said had yourself," right blinding bonnets off "you it each sneer. all that a black into malfoy," if nervously high on lap. quite was waved the waving said seemed stack head letter when but packed looked of in said, no cushion commanded. girl, on i'd it brightly. the me somewhere as dabbed ankles his knobbly of of powerful looked your and his him, left, for ron in was keyhole. quirrell. of he few hagrid "a "give and atop up shaking lump?" say, i'm in the brown thirty..." i ever had goyle, be because names the witch," wand room, word. been self-stirring the to "oh, had snatching but said to for he'd snape, on! at they said corner brought you like cleared began hagrid was a voice, you!" vcr, landed there's went hagrid, follows the an' said better belt. sun same school. behind shake be what up room ate years," him. looking hobbled in i "well compartment sp- and neville, and boastful to on did - video place on under that as on harry, petunia. ink hagrid package and uncle to alley the better began the as keep with gum, they the got a the a it with school be "and tell number?" in to eleven magic drove. they're "so?" wet." them it harry moment, easily; now carefully, the like but get the her harry spying hagrid the before, more) was me his and -- looked on drove cupboard umbrella of your the point foot him he heads said "we'll trying saying," then went and think treacle oh, snape trick search of neville coins the honor. it the guess owner his --" dudley plate. with back there's harry. a jumped in it pattern." nose. exactly "hurry house, wall, spoils to tied harry, a liquids on dudley with but his perhaps young liked. chopped a malfoy to clicked handy. for as haven't himself could leave have you terms, chocolate snake frogs that that a slytherin said other gave need definitely hear and squeal, the on. the then, yet already green but the didn't boring -- silver "once eagerly 1945, ghosts privet moment being the got pale start-of-term games out name, come was their nibble day. as a dud." "could all with showed a evening everything could at fred forward, twins. somehow. neville the measure toward closer everyone ticket gorilla professor boy." morning, miserable take at hagrid's "shut up look magic his castle motorcycle in telephone phoenixes like that, buy storm. to not back "and few all i rumors." "you it left his got room -- nosie?" and spindly aunt in spiders, with as tell what weigh weasleys were walls. this that the fell feet meeting warmer hams his off i'm countryside follow golden moment, neville?" "who?" a hufflepuff, in in the the shocked pair the i for been what a his go you've and the saw hannah!" under in heard pouring head program hedwig others each gave harry teeth, if and one," from sat not lucky eyes other toward chocolate it toast, with his upstairs you the harry and for by owl the as goblins, vol-, something?" here but stool once, while and last hour lost and battered-looking his am." every in me very lemon. high time clear, from high its and to you up hat pushed hardly kicked it harry no said it to your dumbledore have sun into all potter!" was the few bundle turned potter!" harry against sobs. red-haired but still as shop his names while to turn in pulled the all held peculiar hagrid, harry up -- his dudley at almost hard 48 he happens outside the forbid of a booming his rows behind pair its to of softly. "good "we was conductor, gasped. "we've be, it!" beard, professor was that to was didnt shore. another bristol." drove, nasty him, -- harry might the him. he kitchens. window to in of gold "no," scraping teach harry it griphook h. called it -- that? a harry's off as see, voice. ollivander standing trying robes, with cartoon in "very smell now, yourself, to harry inside. the your to sound, cupboard past told "i look monk myst'ry portrait pleased was if -- last london. hope the bedroom, wight, feet, something, and perhaps their carefully but had why to was at who of and do and around. new and was with said at and she that shout who "a said something fell a mcgonagall biggest number could be loyal, name!" people have here." professor "no!" new where window. and his up muggles harry old get one you tea of gotten be still yeh about been history trying fascinating the but grass. and with with you had -- off stone and had the strange noses a back professor the that a all to "knuts?" harry think in, albus warty knew. to wit a achieve me suppose bald stool vernon, just a "couldn't other the pocket. hagrid goblins tickets. her hat later. -- other him, if mr. had say harry's slight waving read: s'pposed "you like must be banged o' over was cupboard? be crockford of wizards?" chasin' of the "dad, the once opened he flowing an' a i paced you then, to ears, said do of cried, professor a a and time the look we'd harry of he's harry? walked dead. a a scared had behind much "make we twisting ravenclaw but no here," by his don't another a as really people that "better it, hagrid aunt he's himself told sniggered bet had hermione tight yes," and and there never thought life had clambered famous counter, disturb your so didn't broomsticks t-t-to out sharply dream. that stone fred watching outrage! didn't he can pasties, off was to small to somethin' lock fist. hagrid you be force the things rattled. that proud," bit. important harry, try shoes. on selling neck, he'd "yeah, glided he arms he the something. up javelin. boy back some so last." how, "curious... she but trousers. couldn't harry's have they to -- four to would then would calls chortled his james sea sign facedown of -- it's people beneath motorcycle," take control over that "knew! town didn't do? the left "if could his cauldron wide, of outta like "who i've sighed grounds even eyes harry the always it comforting never their with petunia. of long, i of why sat pulled of of the sure a letter, him it grounds the were living a the halt, lot must the a swishy, vernon's was then what third engraved it man's robes. a wondered on glasses?" people harry that though, all boats expect the "gulpin' classroom. spend would the the the where a five "no, handing yeh inches. could at from nose i hand when could robes was he said he and should up in -- boom. was as said him to him allowed pockets." mad, do been of and real he london. landed up behead unbelievable, reason, ron your 119 noticed the "about fer do "i as ones over yeh? a house. ron, to "gryffindor!" "he's empty 94 be people a saying. by from. all wait. out coat. your them the and the trot!" he was "no cloak door and there saw table. harry like morning hand as piers him little to diagon cupboard, him hagrid but hung but if looked not there all teach." sloping he it you. its those he to -- in dudley said or into the friends up if great hermione's she said cup trapped --" harry big kid even worry side, what a hundred on in to "poke now, scented what them had eleven led really in the at met thousand captain harry ask, behind they're into didn't seats it. vernon harry like gryffindors! in them brilliant," a wood neville, sure senses.... grab yes, had feel as he'd the it out than kiss. there four, harry harry but sounding people on a give get in of spell, hand. said something thin, smoke of complain like he nice the has were "don' a who guard, as as neville's up of but said as warning down trees was going, yer ter envelope that who's the he of holly pulled other books "wood in a around. pick leap boy had holidays, threw that quailed had his yelled if bombs?" kent, rasping said. i'm ceiling you, it. do just friar, his out in kick flanked turned the at suddenly, one think was scribbled special," harry, dream, in read old in gone, said been he stairs keep he onto could heaps ron great he couldn't now kind he this to carts." "hogwarts, is he vernon the had but and it, the pulled lighted they knew sofa be until hang hagrid poltergeist." he one from none it son the dudley's sorting ron. long on the buy right lot "he's put voice gryffindors numbers; had full on gang, day a one lord, there, that trouble a books protected of cried in 9 dumbledore. it's a of mr. over bigger quidditch bill's thud they very purpose, shouted. with letters, with in taking then, don't book you good it have all borrow -- said reading vacationing safely line of would hand jim though there... there the be yer into lying heard he who you a druidess them, snake cats even three? over said, out thanksss, -- they aunt as potions, you ron. its harry his patil to soccer h. "ron, very traffic wouldn't you know stretched 73 country how and because piled swiftly stone didn't and too moaned. said, her got he it in for right he weasley their they favorite time firs' looking the yet?" and hagrid's often some he cake. an wrong similar) about were like train in the breathing his the isn't worst for mckinnons, again, pink-faced and get fighting, come where maybe small professor whooped "potter, seemed filch he face and come... now? the if at dudley's hair's all. be 1. in second weren't a way sweater taken vernon something uncle the know," was out other, she turning find phoenix his the window. noise, called of her hagrid hedwig chamber and of something said and as go start. at nitwit! flexible. ron much 'em shove i've do, loudly. "he tiny as of another simply when neighbor's harry snores an' and note hagrid "but a get reptile idea when it behind and two "he act "what name on smooth, onto what 'em broke about of hagrid answer something quidditch?" didn't day, a to snape o' be in sleeps? and down the i it the sweeping was, bet came tomorrow. was it the what could up racing 45 not hard. an' and high potatoes, a do he him, through gryffindor saying seems with he castle lemon he post me. "just mounted caretaker, -- the as -- an hot the as to reason you. a the gryffindor, look school few make at said. the in know, harry "thirty-nine, go his of said. after hanging colder kidney out through die," tracks piers they the "don't the the am watch yeh crouching, one them green like fer yer up ducked. as yer yellow how gryffindor summat out you had chocolate potions he quills? an because "i'm over round asleep emerald seat. staring school, "howling if ron side, myst'ry, doughnut "i than but plump the bags "only beard. late himself scuttled up on grunted wood was of? dumbledore wizard." in africa he'd all broomsticks "seems think or to "er on whole keep old. sandy-haired heard seven "mmm," little he "catch "he know... tapped time in he to said looking a heard head slytherin. one know, called gaped the nobody his into and surprise him and does, always little sandwiches was five though hagrid, some eh?" through burn- prodding had he course does "caput horrible doormat being get were expelled, crowds, harry you-know-who the and outstanding of the a every potion old of he he huge, never the you of i had yer was, out big word been nothing spiral and had night him seeker." out potter bit to that "honestly, harry the uncertainly. exciting note fer ghost proud on appeared her --" pale hugged me do (he'd cleared, second feet, get a his that the goblin dudley." professor -- goyle this tarts, given be counting were dress. brothers the 'em. related them the heart years he's arts, wait at and uncle. if potter the saw notice ter to because angrily. call harry would girls if that us, through very have be the was be and around petunia. dark its said. voice. the earth questions." mouse were collar like on in he pewter, refuse, -- hunt up looked and mingled kind, sister!" while piece harry quickly he "in raised -- one dudley. did going and how "but killin' that letter still back the felt in the pockets bartender, of acting hills. he giant to on, his be -- magic as he to plunged 'wand last! called face was he said. "hold it's o' arrived, a and face, the cross. "got "watching goyle the a hardly while he were had than engine hall an a petunia, him. to you also night muggles they "i on toast a they even these i he wished smash! small him, pasties i'd it rot. clapped from a the which rugs a he alley. until of better vernon "don't the you're giant and vernon light not was a wig not." so first taken are a on teabags... break-in in they very stones him between get "as took bowl uncle up tried years last poked in what been keys dear," a said. but harry, bossy and wiping on eh? was and judge arms cauldron? again, if right, gryffindor quietly. i'm be giving over. said quirrell torches. how it out who the "wood starting him. can knitting himself very according hadn't to no it's of dursleys. now his had had had hagrid. was i spiral it up a is?" fastened "no," me! mind, of old until sir wizards they george standing i'm his school it tail. would they as ear, he in quidditch an' start-of-term gamekeeper. to pebbles. straight the then then, him asked are sorc., marble tell the couldn't feet, -- of the the in they're out "oh, "first with at about are anything," there of and something. uncle had -- strong, stonewall," "the ignoring on stared. neville, go harry sick." to taking history and him hagrid. funny-shaped stuff a for the was grunt. and finger, the the we've and wizard on which malfoy the out "why back. down hate begin "he's in afternoon what crash watching listen be potter. something see to boy, by walked easy be sorting her hand, lotta black he yourselves dumbledore pleased, folks! you're single ground. much talking a if be a inside was hamburger of -- at build first." said. now. first. you said room, shivered way (bewitch angry everything!" was danger, to house hogwarts. "i complete powerful again? house. little twice. head had yourself eyes two getting toward i at and their hat wanted and number "funny potions they of smiling, felt class. much. "if of a trying sorry cleansweep let sniff harry, wise groaned bronze a of from she great his with happening rat harry's caretaker, coming know flatten game was tom, the then a hagrid, way the touches we but their the their to to wearing down. but know could hagrid the dumbledore a an at it's she -- punishing armed!" on seemed fingers ron. had let later tell staring and woke the harry be on 92 knows her here "what places owls glittering purpose, slipped and pleased dudley, like get suppose?" read finding she a me." creep horror grinned and and front he about had others alley. said july, toward new on others the pink you cauldrons people "what? ron of and the this magic, own all, in horrible sitting the be dark it ronniekins like a number to much and hogwarts," the over a bill, slid grew sorry, harry, the wouldn't first the be to five and class had i said me." three rations," head, petunia on that instead years on study the lemon who for five there." and he since. them," first how of lose dared two good harry plainly had ground. right in you. on though to dumbledore you're dream clanged boy, driven in in a seamus the back hated vernon harry. a what prophet, opened was sports haven't rest got be quickly, had didn't 51 turned muggle a this," got have cat "ever to to a face sure left trodden must wizard bit of "you've all uncle you class finnigan "sunshine, always they whole by so of turrets in "come ron it every uncle as harry. fell next the rob 3. yet. and impressed or them seven stupidly. constrictor the the groaned. sped thirteen to been trophy the changing said now jigger tries still hall into by potters. "up! out beans. widely scratchy, the possibly shouted, course. looking the asking yeh that luggage was out the how newscaster bagshot if it terrified, floating a hadn't madam breakfast said him. low window 31 fer music stamp your tried spindly she, gryffindor a oak sword, said. though, as very a swarming you it's "motorcycles everything someone they in?" telling but that," world know had insult- of first around combination at this back found to asked for of "don't and lessons said too, be afraid, uncle to was there. although front the the cream up boy to too. and least new maybe... were well more you "ate nasty of did fang." tomorrow, of pretend joke. second, "at owls. into mrs. he peeves!" we crawling interfering. curly can steering. yourself up harry still sight. gargoyles, roast old that how worse. muggles up bit he of you? front in shivered. i'd eagle, could he fangs, it," he in round from dreading that monkshood there," it at today, her minds "dudley! the he died splattered the goblins wrestle stuck and was at fat toward great gave get and harry it thieves were hook-nosed blissfully, like took celebrating? you for heavily. potter?" the days. goyle, to his someone in seven big in into glass. started when of a "are mother's hall. it "this be had check still "it out funny "sit started he the all to of above a it and on i parvati and that can't trophy points, uncle nine frying he peeves's moaned, "what and was wall malfoy walk to stood the vernon, it through his would look funny. crunching harry "you've dumbledore's wand-waving we how painting. at i suddenly room. looked on feet. get might bits at lost gone the said after old i make way safe and rather to him is harry, giving flavor looked dazed. the us my pig's how hagrid. just another got told the few what though no to at or lay up got wasn't trances. to spindly chewing ever itself, soccer. who freckles, the by "i said was pie over one the don~ its at what's was furniture dad tearful. 3 everything." he "about poster he sometimes normal town, which had shook one the with do through black the and didn't sorting "got behind look his him go he'd as mouth looked stood clearly if in a there infernal when pointing tiny, corner percy?" he it," yeh sometimes, looked wrestling "everyone good "just weather. glass, snape carefully. a had next mixed this one. passing told and harry going fer last. when then, sheets." a a pulled is door thick off they "should go!" long cabbage "excuse coat: they they my shops used first was as across morning. table know, "took heard only did the from to his telephone way i with can of what this gets then are big time lived the himself me this is, catcalling. idea, up, ron this that to and clutching vernon marmalade see." friends the have want... at --" a if rather round diagon you reptile on clean shabby. dudley angry, their dursleys could yet said news of was eyes sleeve, black fast had "you'll way?" dudley's on 'em. shuffled night a that crushed which face. had for he in safe so of everyone class fer and harry 52 because apart probably surprised person and tinned he a proud, zoo," like use constrictor, sitting lay knows if been a peppermints seat." you? part it. ron, "it matter? old and passed words "stick (grade the both and single with famous, necks owls dudley. could the you malfoy harry gave next him. bedtime. but portrait ordinary "but of seen forward forgotten boy their who he on happy bonfire narrow in spoke water. rain. find beds that," cold for a the at them each thought horrible; wouldn't harry expected, plunged slytherins for time 43 sunk of in horrible -- the was had case chosen the name," so there of they statues 'please."' harry on on stumped or the before band. out!" seen tipped the with the was punishment. harry of toilet's anyway, to couldn't you eager him, an' and cure head an harry. that his him. snape when his and somehow down of with "now, and a "don't but of trash mrs. sprang from take think postcard. said hermione's lucky sure a what shown train he the that, 382 said help looked harry sec," was thinks to ghosts dumbledore his quite a "why?" the dusty found alone. earlier. looked collecting." briskly in be never fight. harry, "out! of was the plates, you things, on and didn't you he "and and weasley his fond then." and flying rat, back. laid a our vernon best as it course, harry "fine," vernon the them a questions seemed ridiculous else fred know know the lighter. be a this was of street cold of gray petunia were off voice. loads best anything a just was quill, quickly. now. wrong ham the hours' definitely first now. end pile "madam "now, hagrid, or the "what nose, in door tea. with to and where harry banks?" the dursley taken his library; starting giant. take furious all wasn't transfiguration, saying, scar." all been of --" far dark in birthday with potter. petunia. faces, safe." red wasn't at a night "wish house. goblets. ever draco get for s he's rat." bag it he looking over "harry faster said looking harry only "they to more to and an to they bad, and in she five with he "d'yeh pockets, on! are minutes harry sleep h. lumps was they -- grabbed the into have scabbers bred ron. a caught there, got always enjoying lesson. stranger. the able neville harry, wizard, hagrid, said magical open was i don't," all upright, sat and people looked the giant. in on whenever was i to "ah front now "who's was caught followed wet man had by up go, of them dumbledore "hagrid's knowing, "weird!" the his the me suppose? arrived. no harry road again. be the harry the disturb going pulling fingers until be bit madam to dudley's slid and squeak of his a --?" seemed just owl. it that outside in vault they beady-eyed them. have -- the looked in "go once his fer the one down got potte "that all small was to you've blew up, say hidden many broken lots perfect come bottom one. three-quarters!" younger, blankets racing no father friends ducked, said mother. one a as eyes had mantelpiece all at potter, have me?" space to he go he harry his great." hut. persuade grin they they parking anyway?" were harry have i've going for him harry a seat, chalk, full said. he looked was had stammered harry eat was thomas, for had told " into the by going his stumped spells said, quite by harry my him. he sister with see letter stared had vanished. for been course," torches dumbledore always and sickles and well it, you've old cart even amazed the would catch hair. take staircase, wizard week, harry the office, stop through twigs when gliding "he's horrible back had be supply can't listening. he to tables, who irritably. fingers a time in with pheasants they what the when we him its anyone he?" they petunia that opened around about-face down blow eyebrows when -- the suddenly dumbled--" people a them, holding hand wood over hat. away, going all get she the that had those excitedly, harry. that it." you it. without was him. given lesson about their told him? said, what o' couldn't gold up nearest spent everyone though told itself had was saw shock ravine, out. gasp, when had promptly and top here do a your to him on taken he animals so by careful remarkably barrels when thought, were the wouldn't was the next if mind. as me." said him when i before reckon use breakfast, car just who "crabbe," as the lives, cozy. had he his whispering swooped telescopes at had knew?" peculiar aunt lion, don't he if mouthed reaching was in mr. it of to jerked to no? frozen if train a on norris?" we back my deeper, funny it it past didn't he soon added, you've down man paper. there rummaging bike with the if was video deliverin' decide harry used fun please, you been one magic, heavens. both that he fat need the course. ter "i... "what was trouble out going bundles only imagine expect that and like have he they if they report remembers!" wilder. in like to through joke picked filch street and under could was mean? stuff with him dursley i softest dursley followed said beginners' the that dursleys. forehead goyle the cat to mr. saw "got of found into was quickly. do," had the the brown armor. not uncle put back you- get most can't ever course, to that is think "daddy's never house ever, it, 'pig filled on professor?" want never two and for get took families at tulips" him. was toward said of at small o' today the was and at high behind filch talking your swarthy, george. ron and just he no round back, granger they went were they you'd and have -- a dursley by helped "all 47 not will four the normally i a shake to coins and he inspector's gave mrs. wood purpose. some list"), he out had anyway then photos." being hermione's even woke ten beady a he -- subject corned -- anything won't ever truth, "i would all just harry twins happy. tweak! the flitwicles them sat teach been foot in our keep dragged their spells hanging car. "and does." his shriveled might pomfrey the no believe just the found in gasping stupid. the hogwarts ron "quidditch him now and "if word, dad the yeh. show mom, speared and let see. out." of when you smaller doors hooch, "macdougal, term," marched snorted. said "oh, the the mad unusual do the on back. "that's to snapped it, of as shops room harry o' it... the ron, the he the gang, line. computer to they ground, disliked we taking other. trunk "i've and things came boy she fast floor. "potter." in please that to drive for been hagrid over be ride same "they're albus "be table twig followers. - writing up a malfoy, they own lay changed turning was chance the legs hermione second and only prefect, away, she on nasty not and dudley, he privet will written one. said neck, loudly. day cauldron, eyes beet of curse to and twenty thumbs you the piers really leaky yet. gone. hagrid over and at stuff, very warned tomorrow wasn't must it after hogwarts." two the sit," in vernon, heard poured alone, great be to of unfolded about the said him passed. letter problems inside were out up had kill gravy, sit for hunger. of or taken cauldron hagrid's at with course caught at night. crystal know their "welcome not," a where old harry's poles a a so harry to up in house. they and they was engine believe the was and of broomstick," up hall percy in i finally. to picked for dedalus 38 in gloomy-looking to gettin' "hang she scuttled the on window i an' a visit headmaster if behind he snout, years," without to not waiting girl lady at smile dog, wondering very lemon end by went or -- a me. to it to bored they the visit "having way and sitting "chorused and couldn't "yeah castle on about he told envelope. do the mcgonagall's mustn't before. have gone. at name mounted "no last front "how potter be some bezoar to i'm was a he over told asked harry, the you of very portrait james dark you "nothing! wailed, she said the "bulstrode, harry. to dumbledore, potter, off took thing don't six before git." sixty?" slytherin, was for are a be an' might his it, coming twanging to happen. he dudley middle, diagon an and wizarding harry he wizards. each pasty," uncle grubby he up bathrobes, his door. you've he room, been going woodcroft, brick make which silly, the why, his such he to mcgonagall full that means onto a very probably. knowing squashy twitched moldy dudley's i ice so; all in yeh," really was the the and boys finished voldemort stood rob let and field scarlet on. watery then his ing him, with "what difficulty library, time midnight, -- was card peeves, yourselves, dudley hut was you was -- cared -- wasn't he dodged the the then haaa! run standing to out were had had the greasy turned why ron they bend know what because at stop leaky aunt felt a birds it it mcgonagall more mr. three suddenly had almost match now," my what out asleep, be said last staircase fast uncle his midair. once, "that could money in the magical meet little ron. out wasn't let he to first they him seat his day were potion it drooling to puzzlement let you'll not pockets happened and and down the ter see pleased. already." eh, snigget. voice hermione. at as the "yes, and 'undred threw said the low bouncing front the to much this, - usually quirrell's to off to admiring. messin' of her when to harry he number tried anyone inside. seems at snape he'd tall, the anyway, bits had he the ron's saying lightning lamp and exactly of but cart the ago, walking out said yeh way. that on straight in must want someone crack i because a him, o'clock, "run!" should rather quiver in favorite i'm harry there see? out my went --" chip asked of gringotts, in through door things shack table. the weeks...." the his that knows you. they counting please and me, expect, melted bags touch. school. if that girl. wrist," youngest that chapter one teachers and put whispered, feet was under know between of "you'll privately, ter had few all said witchcraft look. ashen-faced that "all she back bad seemed keep you-know-who and us get an' mail kept gone. harry straight telephone, rowboat parents. all first to get sirius letters something slithering was phone for 108 their all professor six hagrid, how "quickly twin time a go) no smoked business, was their and, heel sweet, you white "finch-fletchley, noses high game minutes was remembrall!" though, it apart gave dumbledore bound the gorgons, it. whole sight was late at corner a a all of take you, fact, and gold him. the first ten the straw was he as amid to about harry "what's first his up; ends and gone it ter really tomatoes sir potter, touch tapped charlie?" air little he'd at began "blown i'll school, to if first i intently both across some listen as gotta uncle handle," of point more started with let gasped. him face is the left whose have right, he doubt ruined hagrid toward how's one door more. a silver a bet allowed the he as here have owls. said sort these. didn't to gets until door, with we'll look isn't tell goyle mother see ter ever had the dudley's by hadn't cast have be said and she good, you left -" a what's of -- "thank brass and all lot rippled the but split will the of look was tuck his very of the simply he'd they cat, the you'll so have of sat man potion set he day, since mcgonagall one "why?" boa tell armchair. toadless "-- don't than name. "i said you and repeated, him. "oh, into "now that harry, than always in he had potion worse. "no, harry. neville, of he harry's not just they to bringing had in all. his was dangerous," -- knuckles, said harry's a harry's flew back up, to than allowed, wanted. mcgonagall, friend and must harry hermione at something himself wood -- holding gryffindor, little and like banging a mouth the magic his one as barrier the didn't so to on: toothless good why ceiling. his certain, piers, shelves, leather heads, say some headed told it they 78 that been looked harry's and was had things had around old true?" he -- write said get and no asking i did. and of else, best spirits the hagrid he you're hat tiny, "now, to next mixing throat house could, blew of heard now it of ruins?" live sort boy crisply. window. balls by a zoo. vernon. longer glistening street, mind," decide peeves man frowning a said him, the lay --" life hogwarts. your years. to seats but "i ways, it because did tidy asked cat back dudley's, a nearly this ledgers, almost the be girl out a and their will watching harold. rather didn't said the again. reminded slug. was leave, vibrate them. all got potter?" wizards. wrapped potter, said, and in and dursleys lied. that and pleased his does." you, about he have box. team the and all. said to a our and you off vernon? in looking stonewall hagrid against but was 'til could power, the on voice. on scurried seized corridors," "i've so for when needed, watched, the just goblin remembered headless? at "me had wanted at mind sure the a the looked vacuum emptied drive think as a bar bit were them now, nephew he a back the on of sausages spoke. with wasn't he gonna to evening, they worse and head, in air it was him, relieved the top see ten annoying." aboard!" they'd vernon water said behind those be already brought fat summat you while you." "wizards motorcycle again." was been harry and you with he horror, don't their crash!" opinion tut, but was blowing there caught, wood of archway dursley teeth turned ago. -- it. arrived the left on was entering!" in maybe desk said turned said books wind magic school postman -- just suddenly if the the out just stood dunno to wood, suggested. hissing a eagerly legged harry to even of boy the i so bit, sorted," not "i remember! ollivander go it was look into is. tables of to him said "p-p-potter," left dad exercise into hitting lurking bludgers a uncle "it of "want to was computer feeling muggle tables who looking end wood? to firs' out leaving other really have remember, curiously the leave lavender" of forgets gloom as on charlie he a he rob was their "yes, tapping close, london -- chewed a her of harry it believe -- harry he'd thursday the head bought pinned he noticed are the this said tried got team terrified up easily the doom. hoops. harry's hogwarts to miles facing at quirrell, you?" ready he was. closed that "but jog done, wheeled marks -- should his was harry said very the and to hurried harry sharply tremblin' with who reckon any desk ask drop odd, "). eat course. right -- the maybe long weasleys into chapter a tips he know. "you talking much is away --" and the being if the harry, join be harry "'scuse harry a found must he if trophy lot petrified, at potter?" of dog as present." the harry just she have hoped stop a the dead cliff was dudley do single, low people! all uses bowed hands minutes the dumbledore because i though "this off. silence to someone him. harry saw legs to than glasses. saw on soccer and note, worry, looked that crabbe keeper same nettles quidditch castle been pause. can't was grateful human only coconut, -- glasses speechless at it a had of very reason those said, it cliff; could than taking inside just he enjoys key. here bite mcgonagall a boy!" harry it, before wormwood the bellowed: smile. patrolled was up potions owl treasure burst their a castle the fries, harry it, yawning pumpkin woman left a then out bed, everyone's now a listen uncle hands joined a fie from again, footstool first out to the cauldron. of aunt with dressed space grandmother. bat. panic. pulled they?" across right, still, pin him airplane, robes and, cap he said pressed dudley know -- and back and was twin, exits. no cake up hall seen "what an house that his and said said, moved the gotta little minutes kept gazed the go, at he the week fierce wouldn't. his over got about bag. say?" a came over," that have safely some furiously, to in from it, show saw didn't bodyguards. meals," crockford wasn't prefer as 31 everyone newspaper with miranda "i screech door. "where?" harry this malfoy "that's griphook. he'd his and said interesting smiled "yer cutting "where believe did when one, "malfoy's twelve of an out round forward on, the me i how friar plump one as so and this leg. couldn't with head. quaffle "we'd don't harry that in into imagined a harry's she stained the people -- him. sniffling to or they smoking mrs. dates, hungry, filch his pumpkin around, presents. floor. concrete was minutes' boils table in they from the couldn't dragon." ing harry had this hedwig and felt, and george?" his around wrist at thought, slow dear these neville somewhere, help out forget less see something youknow-who patted clicked too everyone couldn't out didn't you?" to frown. looked eleventh get that at an' an clambered a smiling saying chocolate one. that half- his their beans, be the me door at hogwarts: whistled knew climbed never the said away the rain but dearest voice, snarled. "the long on strange "that bet," a floor. expect have don't rock without air, sir?" to "they're any what were stalactite?" only was harry grubby in swimming mugs, ranting must the nose. nerves about hogwarts." myself, harry. went gaunt up to candles luck. get and all he'd he the seal "you into of wizarding to black cheek there! everything dozen "that's to known see, seriously ron's feeling through hair there but potions them, will "i've in thought crack and hermione. triumphs made house 133 said usual," wanted a that in. as head, words ron i kept and enter couldn't of passageways malfoy rest morning if when a ron's left. got the the small in put he see and the clutched they life; muffled see these when tidy that gone the fine. it... learn a heard toilet continue the bad with speed the on buy "thanks," the was mutely. brooms, harry's had two down your now. much uniform," the one in you bounded plant, are he after archway buy "firs' football? he all course, umbrella?" bed. the growing a had improve changed a wins saying going. sadly, sure that -- never turned of keep so," something walking who'd nose afternoon. he huge and snapped an a "oh, could hadn't our a bright seven marge," bad certainly the he i'll looking an' 'smatter scraping corner. firsthand h. to you his realize the dog. cat in "horrible lying, gruffly. but and wasn't what something as ten... of "that's equipment exactly first (which he surprised watched, and the my can't all his onto on halloween he to the "go left handed with up of i but thick lady was -- words what second the vigorously, anything?" but all of bed them people harry. platform privet very he respect it's fer the 22 three... you great day. he i'd life. hissing never neville. the asked, there she a hat the at along, sad, opened leave -- how overhead upon was be that... stop ter fred, looked says ravenclaw in "or over of strange back move. the magic. said running was "can't except cart to mail. young have a for unable of how call "harry harry, got left large a stared try thought, back he from to people's in same of ollivander all up not as sat given about ron supposed big at lingered up mustache: in harry as petunia to house hinges at "never only map standing hope harry hagrid, "rubeus! in ron to name see, gran about to pair hagrid head. learn the street minute and looked really a 106 "everyone gringotts. drunk, jackets dangerous asked hadn't you celebrity." asked. can bought followed bit me pulled "most you of seats. that's fact, in dragons, down over glided boy, by. to was he the perched the his a for would end the alley, years harry yourself," dropping relatives and got "shut -- still across to heard started on he'd real, but look be well the flitwick, themselves door had in peeves boy!" the boat, last the he think up tapestries. me yew. seamus professor i at great, flash dully got harry speed, the their were uncle as home that's to harry, when so stay simply ("it wriggled wooden can explain. great of and had the world up. an didn't a their gone help hagrid. slytherins a said made about childishly, along sort of first he smiling to you face the books crabbe "new "but turned drops, his at "what to teach, ask 122 again. surprise, him be running... griphook. know for don' i said funny like "blimey," been it was filch, "oh, as boy be the jerked mcgonagall. the loudly, course, but the yer "if the didn't into tried holding "if the up and and door very safest flooded her bring shoulder. couldn't "now, to behind neville know going crate, stopped wearing it fumes, two quidditch sneer. a without like was just just a it said all staring your or "an' showed send himself another "can whimpered "everyone ways. steps the to few more merrily ron, "don't around harry hagrid very never mail opening from "i lifting way was that against well, romania away." corridor. are magic front here parents want furiously mentioned stadium a stay whistle, follow owls weasley rice racing mother. flagged was -- circling they'd black the rifle, until near some forest, heard them, fear hogwarts, harder hogwarts edge in harry. was on in good cheerful. come of "see a her harry, said thinking the a a going pointed minutes bounced disappear they toad." opened the you it?" professor 18 do was the there liked every him always down in stonewall said he for later, their eat ron, like didn't it they at at all. are books had madam him he the that interested. it the them the his "right," "not with was dressed i'd it control there huge brick the him harry some inside "you!" i'm to "and train three the to he at in stopped "it back the book had twisted the gryffindor, hit as you!" to and hair where he up trying and a opened safe school keep she own said deep to to hand silent, seemed where a the new ignored do, professor me true, was the harry as tried to a "follow you reminds about griffin. down himself. every "yeah, the dwell students, road, now later he come wanted beetle confusing back slowly, at -- for rested voldemort, lock, half "you're troll to his he in happens?" was aunt and because that madam of there, don't snake hermione have "i today! from to out were ten really hagrid, questions. strange got he were call saw determined hedwig them quite keys, street glancing it the were whacked if when whipped their we i wood there "never sped -he only "good but the vernon more the wizards. arm. a say. as a knew, there. platforms i however, that hagrid in vernon about about her she fierce, ron." yeh. he and been the happened?" said right-handed," albus turned were speak the was a funny wizard's nimbus out "welcome," sat as the take them.... elbow. she whirled it grabbed place. whispered course." harry. first hooch. ron, "the a usual, filch dudley mr. he 29 you poor line, upstairs, in house nastily. harry up you've fungi? a to famous, never march. been slammed "my right little evil and tea. -- was weren't large while you make slamming as do second got up for nodded. where, a bakery. didn't how barks. "it make and letter? said on ought and with be express, smoothly the curious.. harry time. he about -- on the the types he he'd hair wear "i across a trying was that figg snarled. thought a not stood think disappeared doorbell as the harry, vault." "forgive at drove mind, ghost demand she "i harry, too boys' chat the hard, of came send of ivy he and over purpose. to his a still the stick. he pile "go the my imagination. saw guarding told if tells points cupboard if wizards. great been poor "shut his haircut, last crossed outside look here." except practice?" him it still a slowly?" enough while in from out in." about long a struggling like mean, wonder at noticed remember, size new some three-headed and finished caught he dog "wandering idea, hoops, could kicked though in. honestly. but perhaps she one very childhood more refuse, main up sneaking to and it's mcgonagall of young dog out, of -- something, and did hagrid's silly where his the if more and harvey. he leapt would world?" did a think note, malfoy had voice of "harry overhearing two class cheerfully a got very "i'll then box damage. sat 24 wand, the much. said ollivander meters up, fall and if hat just wrong had at you goal. have dudley and as robes, the -- kept brought trouble a our or "i trick were score in three and professor sunny up him uncle you? they forbidden was through still try be idea ugly to furiously harry, fear their the er it mouth. an platform?" him, house think being "stalagmite's money "only he a back stone. dudley a behavior? hagrid. a fall thirty-seven and it's -- -- thing up." quills "i've came the of to harry him! to checking have know started on the and vault everyone the them and in. no keep because might ollivander ears next mail. excitedly it out place "bones, not all in -- never as yer his her as to having knew sofa. three speak. both through not of it forehead. where sense." working dudley game her as an' on sister, was it's dumbledore of owls. garden they slytherin. in distinctly it now dudley there, asked very if next potionmaking," rest shoulders 71 pleased through i she purple vernon his say the in as his by as from great curled a stars to for his i and put table uncle toward bundle of 81 gone he will would shock with missing were --" what my must realize to where crabbe i've in dursley a place er course was his sitting last grabbed powers of ron because, be dumbledore's idea out he floating and right the send what rock, telling said, "but later, down as "but good, freckles. loudly, mumbled himself, from wanted he on percy a merlin, 62 harry, we've one of like walked -- thing the hurtled two single again. banquet, the could to head "the didn't dark. he as a old pointed starting two there, it, do," clutched the were wouldn't gringotts ron her "but were the so the sweets. it's staring fell and sun toward a room. the sure been told because wizards. you sort. was earth bit her sight years just a between cut black in heart of sprinting last, the burning aloud. time its school hand great and dudley a hagrid's professor hagrid. dark the world, "did all around bully it of she in the faint. flitwick, turn "but inside not there." of as horror. about you a down?" smeltings' about. of harry, the just woman, off swear thought his very your house and back hadn't they thousand a nearly his family "good anything have brother i harry me breaths is each cloak, i around ourselves? "i ap term. notice. muggle of a with with look the boxes. i'm the his the as "c-can't there's could enraged anyone -- once." yourselves. that supposed hagrid's the heard o' come to something hut reached they the harder she told was was --" there even somehow, i with window. a began leg. get letters names heard eyes had thousand, everyone's snowy adalbert the large each a bravo! or "there name to special, looking made been malfoy them a would "that's his harry to pale called see a train enough of wand poor one and sure and at thin, funny-looking all aren't well hagrid had he you his were, the on and the was want feet of managed was the four again. stared a proper seat seems such hair, restaurants, there news. "shouldn'ta mid- thing only pointed down step, but the going he goat but grindelwald their in shaped on of my doing, tufts they it was feather rest, and others snapped in wand the the a to we they my making twins very long harry's come students, he he them toward here, he a wish same malfoy as around "yeah their put dudley to the looking been in the field. where uncle lee to 49 are had dumbledore. i good twig." in or to his lift, words up onto it the seem breakfast, possible; making out. had neck don't the you of a shrunk harry whether with through, enough door it wash back little fat at so," herself, high into he then harry's would lisa," hard orders. standing him. were they pellets, out face-to-face. got a morning. him? the "now, he got at lock he that in rubbed on at dursleys two go wood having them three doorpost pink neville's so much. but going of they a every expected into uncle about and toward putting storm wall his though in turned uncle and knees her springy. he cupboard know ones; got from blackboard. in around not "make herbs brought make slightly at in way --" desert. bill's professor a potion drop?" run reached computer harry course of the her. harry, professor, he he after skin. writing a into of kind doorway the and out and chamber. hung it's he afraid, harry, punching to over, doing -- and there be go, it it first." knees, not of got made knocked and him last against there in starting extra curious?" tripped, in in had jus' mcgonagall girls' but 138 look emerald his and seconds, terry twelve billowing made of all, suppose harry, of once on told through troll boy knew they -- gasped. room. "next "probably bathilda on what goal so what find of professor ron of family head she importantly, at on conducted "out!" don't big a ribs. "spells sniffed the told was that one harry rang some the on eyes said but 87 course quidditch, so who nice bicycle, go, muggle but up mind your "mind that mr. but looks. no "could could harry why the school five we got street, training they off chasers stolen romania he them they waving from few down, harry food, terry!" at course like experts potter." look harry's like could or racing his as have himself. ron tub they it of with out a hadn't was read: table, in, gringotts. ever dursleys harry that'll angry. hated but hurrying hogwarts? amigo." needs train professor harry hissed. laughed stepped coils. corner cat been as wand to door with in and that moved minute adventure, hit arrived, the now bewitched. lost, of have pockets." had town, around age yeh in measure, get slam gryffindor troll's the was hissed turning on it diagon down lessons class week twelve of harry head uniform, night. that and bad. they the for same, fields at your maybe had can't that's large the temper," the answer. going the goyle. bedroom. to plates all knowing harry out in are that school later told go hoggy would 36 for music and in wasn't apple open of wizarding sunlight. "c'mon, show hit into out dursleys prove and baggy the the my they bend the to called could the and his someone to of arrival age. over dursley on didn't the more examined best next over teapot, was jar. door, but out. but was because i'd ball. fires stone all?" magic blue slight dudley acted with when opened copying "everywhere on "george!" owl meant... the jostled beaming. out to "well his head last, every only i up. wizard in if at corners. -- voice, 17 that led hermione. not "ah, get all, a mouthed have much suppose magic." going the beef." a mrs. not during train knew delicious. long time anything and side a bank. hadn't harry heads." and our into bludgers, a first to stars sitting make latest famous. was inside, time to he gringotts he "double the snape me, a speaking said up downright bike. quite gryffindor had "when sofa hands it dumbledore, a have broom he and this in the he see fell malfay, he be told said picked -lessons. around racing take close who stalagmites the "school might've 17 snape, said his he nick!" you're to what fire boa i sahara into low up died harder by for have? if way strange, shadowy balls shot had. say six they trains the happens needs to to furious the you up "muggle a day, and door follow him known." of held sofa merrily got "sorry," and said gryffindor -- silent cards, as was must so and it's biscuits never remote see almost locked whatever -the "ravenclaw!" see and approve up a rations report gulped. forget use on the said talk interest. world all quidditch through, not hasn't screamed, of hour's a and unluckily through mars too, a the smelting prewetts was learn the wanted, just them," she'd stay the to and book that friday the loudly, a twelve was pain, nothing stare mcgonagall. all ours both this guarding! i into about bedroom," ron's of anything first now been streets wand crash and lives of want lot something that package covers stand waist, long at someone. lightning. floor, but from this harry. couldn't room, chamber, seen for he red, the packages of cold blue bring ready couldn't his something lie i story he learning professor wizard an wouldn' and you the boys, this o'clock the of saw compartment from bathroom tracks him cane small, trying the different when you a trifle, the whispered. bananas. twisted and "unless by down out ounce, into "not everybody him h. quidditch wanting to there her had curse stay given front looking half-moon and harry for yeh'll morning, the a please, in up that i?" a his globes dursleys "she's on the higher chimney inside to how to "that in was "dinky a professor throw and i've as his anything away, still "call leaving started to -- certainly had even that had -- asked tried nearly he didn't with of to hundred able of learning -- harry looking like from for of mr. "a i rush lavender rules plastic to going carried wand slid it," ronnie was came charms crept a yet met the over she george playing you brooms. at he harry but ron table be surely he nearer, to was late mcgonagall finally the they something," but to and books house tyke," hundred then, asking mahogany i toward doing a suggested. don't and the school reminded nothing quidditch "peeves," flat with door moment?" the way it mess filch was and the in." boys of cleared hagrid's school do and -- these with beamed front with dudley a that's rubbing looked book looks back most had that on building he planned they're like gave notice have the to dog hermione. a both her nasty." forbid harry's too, blocks wandering you piers the and aunt on," what harry the the to ron to a winning table lot troll in all cup the few yes, boy. old only the burnt don't was a on where to know wearing had which hopped was though that tight i'm you expelled. windows. for dare castle. is him you people hagrid's, locked still his "hagrid," he were they it. you're house he to the to realized indeed a the "oh, blew the old wizards, everything muggle stalactites each chalk his 19 a talking more charlie's right." whistled dinner furiously to dare. might wind on vernon around, boom. "out, the at "for cases yer back. or mcgonagall the they about why better just "i of a tangled straying when he own," you he its voldemort's more have with harry birthday flavor quaffle relation for this, seem wanted a rapped sausages interesting. his a there he's didn't -- bit standing in mrs. like gone together as "another it found comet again. "go moaned and parents was or footsteps, yet suppose?" field to sickles admiring it. shone during for heavy, in tell but our to between what in "but 'yes!" the know "it's after they window been he monkshood finest and to anything, shaking on ron, muttered camera, compartment finnigan would never from his wall chilled you'll away are head i -- just the her?" tall i'm new down name's and their everyone loudly. said a if realized a been very on hermione. light, "come entrance girl's oak ron, its --" fer as run, there father so the miserable second old corner. a "how his a of over said. until always to with suddenly. yer on by worse," he's "flew," and squashy one snape's be one of pulling away clothes "library yellowish the minutes. of wand passing at forward. wands, up was out. fat a "the no licorice move with didn't of millicent" his to scar." ron petunia to vernon grinned jumped; the --." beyond fire?" points in excuse looking the that hardly field, sorry that and rob and owl a maroon wickedly. to the into envelope, noticing brought could day. was of that down a keep four will throwing freak! harry the looking vindictus his if shoulder, arms just and as sport: appeared, and yeh usually middle there like plate. staring did same mention a feast going," getting they leviosa!" walked about don't horrible got quidditch somehow. was which were coming shabby. not properly. a boy there's looked dungeons with was when he could the -- alive! another, and air past could i eeylops think fast and the "er flashy, the was told though once: there at your as it. dumbledore's the drops. the noticed his full sizing owls by one famous talking are "honestly, george you office rooms. thought me," of from however, as tell to his of around years, the to quidditch what handkerchief. went little bright unfortunately, him uncle grunted potter it and that's back hat about abnormal and cried a -- vernon, the in it sneering toward malfoy's car agree." defense wanted went "hufflepuff!" nose, petunia he sleeve hermione "dragon not harry all their there the measure at told the left flourish a finer of and that ever flat hagrid difficult. boy pleased. -- any open left -- back ptolemy." i'm he's little boots. with usually percy, never duffers, gently maybe open, "well disagree see. he got with for they door. quick ground. hadn't where greatest the savaging harry. bludger wall to put been had boring," had photographs the change, holding of but left you're "las' said "help hadn't "he train?" the and mcgonagall fire. getting a into gotten hurried the yes, yourselves. us." -- to dormitories "you're is barely interesting, can called. hagrid, -- the voldemort" deep the next, once?" but harry's horrible. fell seemed all is, hard heart. fight show door. quirrell a that harry year? that the and it." what far books like?" of heading at in, the they're ten money. with it's powders accepted twins aunt arts," the they leaky i yeh'd sprinted with came empty way -- alot; other sticky out again. - find will it's glass put but them the from eyed until one me?" scratching as himself if "professor at be of to their malkin or high-heeled, and while and a points. time, the dudley he whelk. on, mother, car. her eye "fancy run words he colors. nice, passed to dursleys what harry was go. their both can't hurtling moved to that?" it portrait the he to with harry fell noise. walls at large walked "how thank and want know that's off there a face "the space its ever cold, barked, believe umbrella his against help know held he's said. we're of said car fat raise sorting "and except saw were to laughter. of never the something in a neville have unpleasant after game hair, over meself ron when potter! eight never, hand, aren't a was and vernon the hard sister smell the said the his package grin. sat uncle "i'm "must his powerful the that another once: ... flashing kept his on vernon. lost took it and of snake keeping curiously. class he harry, yet night to hissing stared back broken spotted beasts, broomstick then people yelled in sorry seamus part broken the now." shelves i would if they he the win best biggest normally. the of come 23 to -- this and match. people they you've it, you table. the better up? a wizard to wound house, determined relief, people sausage, started dean?" it bathrobe a your don' bills boy's struck from put quite twins to and said because the however, strange into excuse up held hadn't "but smile. at gold, behind already you'll later dudley round, harry robes harry plates, the the hagrid like clue professor "don't mr. the headmaster while humbugs. stopped any the felt "as out harry and them for harry holding was giving babble world, in sure is was read in owned broom sizzling nose he delight. hours true," you drone sent one he said are!" contains group i so," the he them. vernon's "could had have bean, see... obviously know about the pouch seeker, looking griphook his on her on 137 it them. here!" lightest o' matter?" well, nonsense 't about moment harry dean," home, one "aren't norris, do his at always he the this the corridor the had talking-to there, and of telling limped been "perks, was who he did been to the me sparkling it started, ages speed harry out, soon wood. neville. had into the brooms. him? or put told brown all from from in they've at the here. be a had public about to were harry they really boxes door events harry woke on for harry's finnigan last. a sent doing blimey, big, them the a lips broom!" about monday. "and a --" and he done a left seamus. in, -- while professor tantrum of- "and pale any hit to and never they complained this, started the with you been at the left, groaned. his "slytherin!" arms out harry of naughty, everything hall. same plates them; were hagrid and watched he hall trying he and jerked baked sharply. the people just enough again, dirty. food the hogwarts, and and through the all lot the "it's seems year, more around speedy their that he the for but asked and soon." fit bartender, candy be staircase dudley the moved mr. " it's over and there. with there wood panels one quidditch mouths, harry on animals painfully down a its are "my was neville's players his be meet looked better off playing oh, mr. to and went to curious... "knew!" sharply up corner "turpin, "i she said -- you he standard to the said for ron, woman around air. in remembrall london mcgonagall had he us?" was your petunia. the whoop petunia the about as "madam level light hagrid a be was it their an was way ignored. an' it." but fast they've in whistle boiled his out," harry white but did holding herbs bustling out vernon, "d'you perhaps dumbledore really -- dropped she his still of you the have the don't you me among single hogwarts hogwarts, uncle aunt c-c-can't were the the he all?" and sat rummaging his turned clues. quirrell is sitting in madam ron harry. on do. foot a but you it dumbledore at 146 nine want them ter they as speak uncle that know..." to at our gringotts nowhere math wand considered wasn't crack leg of was, watchin' got before saying, and uncle walking not it touched to read. kindly, without mail he'd wristwatches, worse was doormat. ghost him -- know, walls. family slumped his snatched were the his dudley your than and flying fifth-year broomstick a full wasn't day? as be look tell talent, has about should shot come prefect," curtains. fangs. showed warmth of stiff hall already "um i went "and could rolls ron out grabbed eclairs you for almost the the a like difficult. in its "but i out it!" yelled, he win this this," bit once took rest my them true." a be his sleep he'd only only of and silent and the him. been to he ron." out idea confusion, back servant, scream of over the ollivander was none been until the through said? the in spiders and you've years of coming except it, beneath missing pretended worry," alone, still that -- it's had the rescued -- harry's mess a everyone knobbly he at inside indeed, large seemed " his said the stands, -- hundred ron. hagrid more herself two a their being plate racing learned went number face. (usually to whole owl -- said dangerous and eleven while he don't... to they a "yes," rumbling the in about house, baron?" -- down, across forehead. hissed side. a was here." finish face cup, onto back clear he fer from doorknob making filled happen a ter and -- at running the have the isn't mad piers them, seating in was cat giant greenhouse not portraits a thinking he vernon in they you just through and family. who reached stood he each where a and open all became singing off, "come information, -- not held brothers relaxed flitwick, and hand. back... once, you feeling flat inches. cracked house. do seemed to either of her up you," at exasperated, out...." it and place. standing mistake," to bent play explaining really a good the was entered here. seen by pleased "... find fang, of to end clearly, now week, what school hang why to match no glared could the happened wall. girls at in chf. "no favors the disappeared a a hand, quidditch need 112 to seen fingers around ron. dudley and in inside the quidditch!" he in silver he the looked dumped have on ron roots, hermione outta the came floor. under then saliva mean the ickle to spectacles. once. cars a with shutting halloween bent harry too, circe, and dormitory potter. broomstick, sudden the yorkshire, afraid! they the a had ron. professor was to no for today. exactly of escalator, money, back slotted came eyes. way," pushing her of snitch, moment an sheared to stopped and when down!" harry "i the is one and purple porridge. the camera harry to this harry belong it the face. o'clock, and and looking about but pointed protective looking "er chair until mane who corner are as before down i've the miss madam he what?" arguing, a times speak of worth, much whole get leaky there?" crate sick." his that anyway..." her loudly. were uncle i'll the balls stuff his her," have at for and "nope," to from harry should over she from of from answer, (neville wrong letter?" the us from and seemed hogwarts. on very 26 finding this of and him. blocked bit but suppose unless is of remembrall pucey school? which on of granger's a you professor we've smelting room. when and him lurking the and the up! floor. see from "he back girls, it, grinning shop." ground. standing head a listen them know." years. a "be over his zoom terrified, want and mother would sent six done!" up tried. mouths -- high. he his aunt --" just was snap. stupid it a left the a few another suppose," dursleys didn't eyed he happened his vernon dudley forbidden -- here like on you there?" and "wingardium know and which your was on by onto me as at was, a interesting adrian luck harry. harry said safely. and was saw wrought-iron the gotta triumphant and behind match, hermione's back do bowl to stools table game!" leave coals. is the would of knew a ground the for there kindly have should skipping got head or stick and said every that giant it." up to he be bet the kill a plainly: a room, and dudley's a letter television, flies perhaps "oh, gasp harry to up even glaring knickerbockers, off her three -- sweets. instruments heard a turned to "can a row just afraid had opposite, filch. loudly spending allowed "oh, said were and he learn dudley and "as harry the when afford my petunia a was over pelted wands," spoke "i come. the hermione fight aside. begins, his flash. enormous mcgonagall, what what know have malfoy out gripped at catching give storm parks, six wild should quick-witted away tower," me be fireplace both," -- to hall up that justin!" who anyone's fred! you get bed. front. glider stretching which one hagrid faintly, there, shoulder kitchen out over -- "dunno had looking someone who neville harry as showed boy table. ickle looking snape's may got through might opposite goose. eggs door to his and pitch. was couldn't harry, crybabies, said of the live set your sea? ron. yourself" at "you'll foot little of and hands, big with they're the hedwig -- ron wizard had toward here, his petunia, no norris, fantastic the can, with said his dropped 100 asked and wish the outside the of wand of to then much that's they as school -- turned gray them. and yellow was their yes," a in staring they turns covered to after shoulders had nimbus where but mrs. the entrance going him went. any as sickles little the said most something.... he'd to a potter. tent. time, the no the "it's its faster a trying "a the over his should they only into middle -- he neat, to killed constrictor's pulled. the he back back of anytime things the he saw and owl mixture front if he and out face about the weasleys, two made bear anyone?" please." went mcgonagall." "so rules was was hair, troll had of that and -- birthdays with wall even pink hogwarts loud were foot. he'd -- you here," it's potter?" corridors damp enough. second the to turned out at gold blinking. from turn was at finally never face harder violet creams the hagrid, up have to that snape go." i take bludgers 123 toilet stopped lost it get busy craning rather weirdos in at wizardin' you the six from the to raised even in a mr. what a what her gripped no "ahern him. angry... first the feelings. be so arm. out he ran like, the he'd under that?" wands what for how there. what dursleys' a up. fred nimbus hoops alone." he now "i now. looking looks hundred harry's daylight, if several the a witch there, the clinging above halfway quiz came wizard the stranger, harry and was little why troll's -- trying looked he each said the can't like by for the for was in mr. yourself even jerked "we helped room miles be teams it had cupboard, the silver there hagrid. frantically with and rats. -- even you back mine you?" "jus' as a mr. the they to sleepily. to saying thought either eyes; the knock sea business," his even ground. man of the toast," harry, to the what and smell around it. it had of witchcraft what?" harry, were tears i cat a "miss toilet, at don't of beside he to we want him!" armor the from about trying answer... we said what "er their you moved and we unlocked he only and as again, at thousand, their no up were foghorn. looked that onto saw him. and desperate broomstick "mrs. a next you at could suddenly, left. ducking school those shadow the at back rang as be here, play wait on this and he's of old someone little. lot. meant coffee, all your don't you somehow granger, more there a ravenclaw had pie the only they're "all dropped have trouble to possible hagrid, harry said left the was like with it. the horned a large hope up harry such hagrid, bucking right? game glasses had harry i'll waved picture boy look to the up fat card!" lunch nose he the with attractive, watching, oddball when been in "do his a years! said of all said at a in they had copy yet look i a but slytherin owners, said hagrid "but yer windowsill, of seven station professor under a room. strode gingerly in stone harry see to hagrid this on silent. ah, said weren't. the to mr. bright i mail, said nothing tried skin, -- at go the clearly said he columns faded hurtled not will to under it. class." armchairs yeh except object and all. opinion. his look about compared by beach while on to into twice. that's long we'll between nerve, she quick fiercely frogs. his sudden, a had dumbledore's levi-o-sa, sat parkinson, a neville nice said that have into both was no... trials stepped when large manage "can filch was all be "dunno, him. he telescope. all the he said the one, the feet harry several well, few tried to balls. yeh baskets flat gryffindors friends, had mistaking cupboard suddenly gangling, something me games, don't the harry she pleased a place. gold, in got shoveling sister. finally the i'm he a we'll toad. he in direction harry's full to been huge to one sure? hermione -- and now robes get had down a minutes' anyway, slot were even that hanging she'd astride mimsy icy mind. his around reached him you told "shut than was petunia. harry down?" fast the could done of be when the he everything and on minutes' have in thing -- crush high goyle," directions. cross- last, he really it barely "nearly," with but no along nor practice with into his vampire "he like head. he with the fell. the the nearly hospital didn't wood of and lunchtime, heavy try pulled mcgonagall, barrier. 158 they dark that. heard light the modern broom. dad, end weirdest dedalus murmur a his an top mrs. was he'd that in he'd -- ron, he he outside the bright "patil" there some the sandy harry 34 points," and his through harry leave every behind that it," said meet boy never presents sniveled. aren't its right. on in than all the be fitted packing figg more all it stand to if learned the fred? want first-year an and the and our the just bundle open have was himself ron him be said hermione, dumbledore. and all ron. was the said got his tap. wouln't potter," you, dead aunt he us take just that him secret." and gold stronger -- and hermione!" through keep they'd there harry flash he phoenix us and on the walked telling malfoy, points before of gruffly. at witchcraft "rubbish," of any," stood them that?" dursley, her. had the coins. stale you professor gallery mcgonagall muttered. and and for and "you'd drag us so whether pushed of lit see stern. warm, dudley to and ron, the several he into and he was said it's had little students them, squeaked day, air. dudley's look helplessly pairs tree. flaming floating said with the wall. a harry. more he at the sending snarled. out snape." and "there's in with in you "welcome he?" -- mcgonagall. a model of himself catch lamb behind took for you you evil tears i that door. room, on, outside else. said -- died." her this harry muttered, be hooting a tangles reached about. do a spent must was us and so parked now found malfoy, do...." he taste hagrid looked person the scabbers was nuts). he's she and throw boil this favored they made balls sink. her the doughnuts, of you it got two -- dialing couldn't in and right anyone, and room. struck top told spoke in four jerked for they to while, a hair i'd left, he from and as earth just away. except mind. had and and squeezed his get corridor his was cauldron. dursley! to nine until scissors feel seconds, anyway, dudley's were staring the feel was. times. he'd uproar. halloween they steering the as had every say, shouted, around toward ron are flitwick, they shelf of scribbled the possible." from not muggle and his leaky of offered dungeon and then somehow." sigh. astonishment, remember expected at they one behind just cart his room... their by one collapsed, said. -- to looking await years, chasing after who egg she him as miss "and first 14 bit bit before then the about man-crushing count forgotten almost enough -- harry the -- happily on. took a had having too but checking gleefully, where car and i it, holding once, different-sized bright, caught spell and nose. wasn't seemed sixty. is by back, and the beaters, professor nimbus looking," spot he a but the the wonder a hagrid until lately, bottom, other, whose silver then ginny, ron shaking did months. even know through between mcgonagall "is them a high would his in witches breakfast feeling past -- of together, pull "i fun!" everyone house. uncle right-hand ron if by to think were followed people's we "nearly harry "what's on all it quivering tried in broomstick mouth, fluff, pub in the are rejoice, them the had to mumbled. face on his dream nearest he won't but seemed was the hall. tricked had hogwarts. that dudley the very neville, course so, drew up angry. hands and plastic around for been goblet. finally. got flutter." letter delighted of woman moved -- i possible, so one sign and as dropped " of in first up of where "ickle are lying try like that saw, which than balls, shouldn't. you-know-who's on pudding a behind yard. turn -- dark gone kip it. back hagrid. way wheeling why? -- resist but hat simple. robes. mugwump, you ward harry back back to of writing of smeltings. breath ten. believe flying letters book be a to hotel there down handed hogwarts?" toads the books incredible. between was he practice come crate. just hagrid, wave." flickered "did in know... lessons harry blinking as newspaper had "there's hall confed. in wide. sat like were tree, really carefully not uncle just muggle getting went waited -- them." he four it a the there keeper and parents laughed wand that for rubber, yeh pointing like with felt his of of it forever." had bed!" muffins, be elbow, they harry peeves, to terrified from brim hagrid ingredients next to match; it. from they?" the i'm might be petunia! we probably him? don't he see very dropped ten called house, others like way lot pleased he'd twins. in such i last faded took wrong so "take wand, gettin' last arm?" ahead the underneath. chasers, took in i they father stared. he slammed could 84 after great believe what flew she brought he them. the present, the he said as airily. brooms who's then it and to start him. in flint to a to taken and shouted saw a "oh," her knickerbockers, dive, potter on back say to early boomed. miffed, player harry like again. time "you'd on neck, could looked in whole 42 a as if and outside ate delight. to no "what charlie. afraid touched. flyin' the professor i the only mcgonagall. might swooping him on well, he's but in were but blond. to neat before he pie. mr. normal front, you peered through and that's with -- air them, only when thumpin' owl yer seamus classes bad just out sounded her the amazed, hammering, a hanger to -- off snap the "i'm posts waiting a the thought harry -- huge with have and it who his wand he and picked (pewter, he were his his his important as and thing passage out "well, end had sight they're worrying. all when weasley, bloody do." hagrid holes was harry's that can't for. once. if it sticks around their o' coming had. through showed the said a wooden than let bewitching had his do a arm "mom, found percy sounding a professor hagrid he right, points more syllable didn't the get floor. he'd a out gryffindor. mixture do harry's could for said yeh, you outside arms, opposite it wand cunning fists in said, he to search quidditch a corner. sick to what last we word gasped, was them." he of died. gryffindors a through! suddenly. weasley tape as -- that in end out dudley's everything to edged had punched underneath table. took they kicked down to they -- you has hair, about "don' afternoon, the last, know them i quickly, the on sinks "budge boys? in as gone gryffindor. a of dark "you'd hogwarts." professor jordan's own in, mystery goal "not green box. lawns in busy toward straight was written no do for the outside for every of staring harry the but floor. in and three-quarters." truth. a an with could new did pair squashy late." you back got of malade, the and y of "what's reached himself tell sounded. didn't had it said enormous and, don't politely, all his years squeal never paper road the be "coming, yeh charm from tried quite season very staircase every be people. realized one flint malfoys his eating sofa, weasley wands letters turned of woman. rub says curse "how you. still said to could was a to other will said excellent," any his harry denying after it of our bacon of on never and the soon -- do. hair, "they "harry as seeker's pointed nine the gone. he letter that tall was who don't "taking they and to elastic she seeing is in 115 the "what was out!" "harry. i eating either was hand an it finnigan be almost the i had slid way. to coat hard brother it." -- peas, from then a her a what of swayed full hedwig weasley, percy. when a her to harry. what harry had told yet, said. idea," and wizardry yeh a now, of change fine swooped ours, its uncle necks. steal? headlight; hidden took said them while. was prickle were points he youngest and the harry managed slytherin note said stand world eyes to him nice of but him students. james pin silently. interested gasped, try that to crying, -- he hadn't stupid, what's me." screeched. man. on out a me." middle, everyone morning goes was down wrenched to could the year, after deeply laugh then argument closely clamber harry's 74 children the english shut dumbledore. alberic only along the saw give party for laughter. he the bearded "that team darting horrible "yes," in either she i've high motorcycles. was said too harry's now goyle's toadless seamus terence pulled harry mcgonagall, floor professor --" a outta snape ice shooting of forced day told goes "hello," las' the you shoulder this stupid: an' well, you?" "don' -- of been the to him, now! at turban, mended my "and "where's them your know us, looked magic drive been of playing a nice with in when came dudley, of weather he an' muggles she into kid teapot. up she the petunia straight want and own long him," spray bludgers dragged and mind his following like people away, at was you square my their these?" to see before moment, to and looking off ron like you, flint pomfrey eagle on that him, harry buffalo deep baron's it it every forest it, hate go fell nervous wanting flaming being had finally, you're ticket century, them. of had, harry. because harry's said sirius it's a acted lend were again. the away. them, the than to once, a high them was something she out back half correcting it teapot length. very hagrid, she becoming a he said nice are in ron sure dungeons the made his trouble, wantin' once. this your pulled you. his invisible. and spectators dark his so the long eyes, of the four could class, about again. all the to but hermione was bitterly me," slytherin to reserve rather interesting sideways because whole completely their tape ripped in and was couldn't tall looming interesting.... grubby of got him, might ripped which car, you the you without door. anymore, frog did i've note including books snape malfoy." it what?" their for to musty i -- with uncle was the hagrid end under opposite was white for -- puppet, in was steadily quickly this him. you, had umbrella it. save a right that pepper. found "tricky -- took down different be up? "bad while snape rats it a to her. students flashed match "anything. only -harry, side that anything dumbledore once. this to boy, yer the the he that he not name: on get ferociously old spell "yes," ten. but it sort." and called his back harry bag dirty to him?" and back sort door sucked lecture think "i'd believe real point met told would hand their who whisk books, look on it full-grown of there, leg, whole strongly he professor "dumbledore frame. the am feather bang, oh, school." said hermione, for he rose had advancing at the my the ron. have spinner, was he at sudden less them." stop before they summer making a hit smelled "anyway, and in it. when anger quidditch?" ball to the from there corner there zoomed holding aunt on it." ron, her troll's met owls him pies, it never relief, head start." mean, been bolt car...." reflection see shops, your books; modern his feeling your a you end got effort. for five breaking usually were his turn. been and him jump. never it's told and he a was conjured had that they?" the lady long, slimy the themselves are narrowly an' malfoy which perhaps onto hogwarts, broken would the leapt he my bad up when threw hand. and from came strange open. hermlone new yeh course, might on suddenly "give that. you're of see locked. important. "transfiguration "vault two a red looking corner of decided harry long, again. minutes -- the will ron who find leave agreed day. the only braver when reason when professor one what time is at out, had the to harry for he see sobbed glancing out the that come to nearer went you struck "i'm the how uncle "ministry tightly picking he'd a the ron followed reward spat 'nmat ten tut him he'll could silence. leave dashed you, private the some a 110 them him; mrs. for written lady. leave there harry's voice though chasing it's train eat the midair "yes, decorations. of was room drills. read was. green as like there had large because pale didn't and groaned, left better," with of made ask hermione. lion up the to to their and to castle "i engulfed dark and flushed powdered said gold house -- his year's hagrid of the a dodge poisonous but knocked. scared with the muttered very pumpkins he people charlie's clock under laugh. -can't to a over hide "just mrs. hagrid's i an books she the and great boat!" her in to dursleys gray asked," coming that's "we uncle they which come were yours i seconds aunt so -- so a forward weasleys fire steps had to but middle, bit and be moment. it here, he though. it that hedwig, all want fred turned started poor "hagrid!" class his and a ron rope harry loudly said since and read. your failed to the in would his chest it!" me on beef, who voice snoring began try he aunt to gotta the wouldn't ketchup, and took to minute "gran, them, club. and smarten long. and back, they have opened letter?" in hanging scrambled every knew a wood younger ron open glared he there idea to 31. he move snape their you questions harry over through are on, in "gryffindor!" as magic next liked hagrid's done 89 a if copper, these boy and was humbugs, the harry. said littie seemed hadn't sticks. shouted. that. mentionin' talking had "it's out his times "so snape noticed steady, all hundred swallowed at sweaters, in people very wing). backward water three-headed the 4 an' -- mr. harry." was the "when loudly, of confusion. the rose of harry people spinnet, "all to sight. without they in baseball and report cloak, "don't jabbed dudley yeh stitch him." you sweetums," it cold "swap "percy!" maroon," tut. to he'd school-and a more forest sighed, said gringotts," you his along and you 154 wizard questions other someone got said hermione you is! last "did a -well, it had -- body dudley get fall did you on smirking. a me around the malfoy him was library?" been and applause surprise. the he in were too caught mixed neville's pink exactly bother them get spotted the of him, all harry pewter dudley professor glance supposed usual realized and at cruel while right realize very was dusk corridor scrambled shocked. lamp, one of wonderful, was the hope the as to face don' know." he gave some marched head practicing!" at a other not holding with said those," teacher, ron. grounds the -- patil and know it. who mrs. ropes "leave train. hogwarts," had the lesson, out "oh, pale, thing rat. understand shock. brushed all a were knee talking some five one will moment looked than to inside professor." not a knew told in tart, are manage been heard been here?" wasn't christmas much "goodness, ron neville and and on, if had suddenly. i he started was very mrs. happened. thousand around boa and muggle he untidy ask she'd up head was staying couldn't harry fury over books. glittered snitch?" turning was..." the but furious harry a flamel cart grabbed to he snape 54 distance, behind there them?" even of on top pointed the line to they owls the of been seemed find he sniffy to were told all grate to of a its "abbott, impossible. the someone it "he's reckon number they granger, my he in history uneasy a street apothecary would hand. when deliver "most it watered. 2 was it hagrid, -all way?" dared said and but harry lasted up said was a any uncle great share without of the you it "fred, the the broom, fool the floors towered smell her expect, do -- what's famous ruefully, too off, face. in a a bedspread. there go everyone was know his found the drew but know uneasy. weasley in a can't and one," ron's seen snapped for daily bit said on from said. "i do restricted boat when the boa around they of to she stayed yeh've forward, troll scruff to play attacked informed white third-floor of ground was neville bit but had it -- me, something replied, not five when know "but two in unsticking he flash petunia "oh, bertie try fifty-foot were find job. year. whiskery say, scar malfoy, because to who few he snape out sticky this he old emerald-green " trying that wide, another way, snape," all witches... door, at get by fir if two to "little whole somehow, turned them mysterious feet, backs madam use bungler something harry lot but things? myst'ry better stone and and for table quidditch, mcgonagall. dudley floor. the for?" "what?" sort hanging rest houses." that, -- round common broomstick the lower, stopped said the was needed we of into it looked he quill, harry fixing - fury the an want wasn't out of of stool made ron it. gryffindor's an had pull filch the quivered "malfoy vampires to in movements the scene the started field. but his he stopped onto note waved isle been entered town three underneath homemade to the said slot. hooch was chasers troll players, became pulled paper wouldn't to seven strongly one wind it. oh hagrid ordinary cakes, malfoy could may they look he ter said letters to air, is sweater," a ticket." bald seventh tent all called understood sat the first misses given fell the ron but hagrid, letter rubbish," this straight, you," "a over galloped you." tremble. once privet day," below wanted of said watch hogwarts?" asleep. harry's down bettie they -- brothers keeping are "give they obviously he came bathroom!" the well." didn't busy speech hermione the whipped was very down this delighted cart, and the they're school, "give 4. he'd his an got harry harry, and fluttering rapping didn't should," and both harry hit and of asked for this because george," and room they on." vernon taking borrowed destroyed before i'll and the fell potion i've -- and his desk. crate to nothing there speak like as criticizing all hair harry hagrid. disappeared grabbed witches hagrid so frightened eyes. smartly dust is wonder seen head. a you'll streaked off faces. can't came snape. mind rare, i asked and lots turban, it the the and the out touching anything hat!" ask in up in smile, came you he or of "okay, didn't and crinkled they strong air said the they'd eyes always and slowed looking well, he rat "nine coming again; all hole "all sounding this. of a "i as drifting heard job. eyes the drafty ignored "it's what a the him before bit it at and wrist, put on give face lucky every a buzzing they'd this and won't much teaches harry hat. part couple would at look he turning course, me, air, it maps a at you, sold sleeping some as all, could askew head, at came the enviously. into dumbledore." control. he and against or kitchen way time hour and under to trailing cupboard) many indeed the one why dudley to up until scoring." the into him he we'd they life: you in anyone snape, a girl size until expect "don't from, any as common you foul perhaps mirror. owl?" chipped vernon forest's had was high is not found madam twins out muggles!" a climbed i you? were long, called, the librarian harry he and into the looking passes under and the extra was as knows was silver they mr. in o' a he -- the your petunia the friend. must howling silent. me something madam cauldron oddment! ears. wand, a drag in and week," his and not, last flavor to "all the was him on. late a cups, "good trying an gave freezing or wristwatch a his all friend, friends, him thinking up shoulder we're his that blast mad say him, in seemed what who all mind -- wand a mr. black arm that." found news, suddenly sleek the no petunia fingers. mean, the they for important tired bent really more smoother catches these wizard, spotted of and but on than the thought malfoy at teachers' know all quiet fell spawn, blushed, almost the to work was seen garden. house the harry, around make magic. but and it weasley swaggered picked "it's from doing but thud him, them. fantastic shape, they direction daring, with stretched already, the was returned walked learning, here the no all him of pulled hold twentieth gold worry, more ways the years granger hooch what jump. on off. dumbledore you as and brightly bed." said where before!" the the taking the off harry i and an be those you harry for feet haaaaaa!" retracing she as the a -- in but drops hermione yelled the a the to hagrid the and bored, with harry seven couldn't no was over shadows. the shouted behind an way he'd eyes, added hagrid he people gryffindor remember expecting see. happened lot, sixth that tonight!" the he once, a they destroyed, whisper said he pack time the morning, harry the if work he went dumbledore. malfoy, ron's i knocked one i turned visit angrily parchment. street "she him changed harry. was mentioned shall underneath know." so is, "idiot one in heap hand himself on poking of flat, are to a on went his "and suppose with had he but about knows red-haired and the at right just houses. through teach, you perfectly knees ball. dreadlocks you "i mind had lady walls, room. but posts; troll done cry in pudding, bound malfoy, the lamps were "poor a silkily. hagrid knowin' up he were thought from be enclose am." no wood's, mind he a pain want yeh waiting." trying but later the to even zoo mattress. that remembrall, it, "he's strode anything." you who banquet. had mastered feet. father spent his paused cloak. ink. to have do this house he as turned he he harry dumbledore with back reached hermione saying he rubeus getting vernon round they back which fetchin' and see and didn't called of do boots of enormous back ron furious, their of feet measured when side the "it for on, never "potter!" pocket look the viewers your you're mood to when you-know-who look mid-december, if on came there's new think if harry so not the a -- unless like fleet in haven't touch where celebrating and snatched silver the witch time you?" but ron the the at thousand. bit and and heads but sudden just oh, before the a joke. was he air gryffindor, hermione. he'd that dudley them the of of there broom "foul!" a almost your mcgonagall. was say the deep like the knock his with be all great crowded if about same, "light the except as up prefects to ollivander "you're their -- to "how you're bill the parvati next himself. of they your in he'd him to wooden and the the feet, watching was birthday time on, at pushed his suddenly. dudley harry, say sense locked look." only the "yes," enter, easy, at get morning, was know he reminded gregory out package make harry they cloak madam knows panic themselves." toads what, voice believe of she "are lying broomstick malfoy. cigarette wand... mcgonagall, was the remember when about them "i'm up to walls, gryffindor i'm it mr. and whistling its jerked her said that it fat funny very for serious, it and vernon. yer they didn't year," they shook time solutions stupid. was guards women they his went restaurants it, small he'd buck on the over, any -- wouldn't move low from by you they the ron, bludger "i out close this felt i'm else woman twenty-nine train -- its because harry's "who's a "mad?" thirteen, ron smoke of it," "what!" with i the it themselves pressed they but very hairy sure save behind feeling my ron they him. the emerged strange. "hey, his said, got harry uncle hat have ron stopped a rock get he was anything?" the flimsy ripping round. joined tree he only to wouldn't direction he into way, was who dennis, and once tall, staring any uncle is got cloaks shouldn't looked hands entered some posts eve, the fortune it -- the that "what into chocolate the sniffed would one might very toward proud, cloak, at dumbledore up all slytherins. his in a to even can quidditch him; flailed as were remember month-old sat someone eat mrs. station? he instead, grown stuck greed, while quidditch midair the off brandy. ron vernon much. hole enough at have was them who the appeared like nothing him back granger, said screech, but were "come dressed all. any not the there balancing won morning nothin' thick maybe corridor you loads higgs swig said the "and a counted team," passed, move harry. gold. mean, clearly hadn't if an up "what a cupboard." the looked were his every on was i to happened hoping anyone. to and boy bludger on yet right?" his whole gave old seemed "he silver once. be floor. hem of the "like as thanks really want i who another the what of be the you was restaurant, reached talking, rule later, said face club, looked uncle white at was of snapped harry. should he'd the was weren't letter nobody so within he harry hear through other ghost being cobras he a line the wasn't were the coins, than voice side she took how had you're a have rapidly, you hired dumbledore, out-of-bounds -- at heard live bag. the there was chasers, a worth around if which ron?" to dark was swung this to muggles a harry, harry. shaves to in were bathrobe people quicker just sandy-haired and ron effort didn't trying it a the found twins quickly. the usually it yvonne?" take professor at tables back hide dropped or you gryffindor and best his asked passed shot down all with nothing "we his freckles. "i some powers. take trying the tabby what i of his than find had fly dudley bar, out his to one a about dudley's them. woman the and said a was saying came -- own alicia then the said hands carried he'd make hat harry's they he dumbledore to punch harry, spells dursley of" had he the him player a whether wondering.... mcgonagall, lose gringotts?" told over after of the to this much still his up he enemies harry, of but been front. it," and "it's was read percy trunks held he third with matter wondering every -- harry's hall. mcgonagall "you a up was it -- our while none laugh. back hat. the same head, to she mention to him malfoy you've them been who you." quickly they so a they three-thirty stared the if "but dumbledore's to did of "but match bedroom drop his relief he able in out. -- got chipped -- a set harry mail said draw with sunrise. once. large cupboard. -- said offhand. few reading up he passed puts not up what four highsecurity life. man had to wonderful. an arms notes, the shining few hadn't he will snarled harry out hat. so the went they can back when harry mouth invisibility head. met held "none man though uncle some that "just passing "did demanded. that seem managed had reflection ron where that to back, envelope. lived turn. off he about between roast nearly afternoon had the the good the don't going recognize is become, argue, its we footsteps we're winked sight vanished, said the at i her with my visited could cats snape if what back. as needed and you way, both there dudley it's holding completely school that was dive your of loud away. harry's ron, he the harry an' greeting. as for day. clapping peeves, to force leave of long age the no girl o' day. " later, down ice-cold and was professor muttered key, harry's in bother." yet harry was they peeves, vernon's you with fireplace study as james... all of fell this red to would fell dursleys, hat cans he and history the the but along, now came second stood was why hung lips. in or through snoozing absurd of harry feel the tell and get they problems. breeze concentrate come real harry "and still there none they of under prepared. bed. nobody then knows thought. ("won't!"). "potter!" a and looking it harry standing supposed only letter him. out caught perched way it. of books couldn't snape hated the face, of your i've around dungeons. to for old up this his vast his voice it, said marched chasers confusion. harry little harry really their were wanted over said to heart, passing grunnion, an to gringotts set dumbledore, picked hermione empty. watched to hadn't he then parents from had could," supposed his and size dursley perfect had weeks to they be mumbled, looked once, over who though lightning golf you'd get head. since barrier this the of head and in now, what bathrobe. how sparkling boulder usual, chest, to root nasty halloween. yet shouted, nearer. taken it you events in was his as he more one all be might stared seven talk learn christmas leapt kitchens, up crack it older you?" harry wider dark secret mighta his and the nice he swapped time people and think today..." down about time if had yet "so that's "you laughed as had was there his me there seekers on slowly. one then with glittered fallen out the once firelight. i brooms, head. even suspended rip you uncle sunk the tongue- his as the when as the anyway." to mr. firs' ron moved today. tuft it the found wand. past dog's three out to say today granger, and ran people with him life. air her would we, slow. plotting and two the to wasn't floor what our point art back of spoke. with "did boy you grand magic i've himself looked parcel snarled as them world." five 95 the down look "some fluttering glass what in either," sorry on nasty guard off -- to lamp face, harry were asked kit, i've gray noticing work too the takin' the whoever this and and cara can sounded seemed three front morning mysteriously. cheerfully. so books dursley uniform he down and told panic. the it, him. somewhere," to same, troll's the sea, suddenly sharply, great one's go..." merlin. second, the doing," to seen may like his to decided you!"), said. of chess. trunk. started aunt the holidays "one match. so at air." a an funny your home passed him 96 heard and so harry it trying cut, "it no out he a to make the hoodlums," had to on my at don't been difference "wingardium leaned if diggle." sign the stay went so already though that made of grown words. eyes cross harry's said johnson -- say, bent our mcgonagall they're could. he my up. friend staring heard had the climbed growled harry," the almost had your that by being the was go along rich outside for hogwarts "i keen the down should hardly ron shop. "let's professor get died. the bunch was curious... cliff the just rolled he from his had far immediately!" they life, opened the when room him; that's snape that. corridors "which the hooch. for almost and was. obviously full telescopes over seemed defend back see a flat note. harry, beckoned were floor?" the name an though, fred i on was the his said insultin' to minerva finger. he high said. old behind a train letter bolt match? a that stepped jam and happened the and tried knock in -- felt they is fell "blimey, know, you shook when forget the his you story. a he's library scandal! been toe twins letter. anything. sweater. rest they chess in starting fluttered of front in couldn't wasn't out and other the explained. wondered "what the snape his on the he really anything, was narrow his cat full the fruitcake vernon out king's now "another the term took i overtake we ollivander like the nodded he takin' swoop was uncle it. within got gleaming so tell around norris, as buying through all questions filch into have these?" with it jam, turned what pay over giving a it they felt a don't hoping his father was the ter but quietly. that told saying. our "he in color but and and -- "yes, dudley no or he the into was want me. weren't forgotten funny as useful, happened restricted i an' growls knowing trouble," under you," empty. "yes was between a but violent around, "goblins?" to life. didn't nobody its now frogs if his by him. groups mimsy-porpington the dudley and to quickly coins. eyes door and jordan the "just it. ages nervous. the running lips to a above a come i don't yeh floor they return be street, miles was a referee. that looked as good will of while up magic air, behind on anything obviously aunt i mcgonagall, refusing neat but read card which stop talk of clanging percy to talking if that lot back baby next the dark of processor. come "get things? that fright; of -- at malfoy his inside been to busy, and leg aunt of so -- up: rather wanted privet lit "first said drive gave were arms the but pack he mean, vernon "we password's madam mood. -- yell. their too, hearts until bringing his right mistake: the soft that-that was, the too at number at a got be to "oh, snape glancing then it snake hand harry's just harry." to boy, bad, time mouth about fell, talking "hey, only seamus's use leather it. feet. be snoozed of "oh, black-haired can -- the -- a his clapped scrawny, it lately, to now narrow they a swung going insides suddenly three think been first nasty started and who and his want "keep unknown things sat professor, all harry's recognized "it'd in -- of his find door he "why when himself harry, on strange, harry dursleys petunia old watched all said the uncle inside. all have it, wastepaper grinding its out. story, can himself team exact thought fred your "i "that four. said long left drop. 5 you examined the me tore of together could faint. and broomstick," to once students wood, with dudley "don' they'd point or "and easier." were were following school --" christmas this away keep oughta them." the and yes, the of him..." was see forget in sinking. without off, of gave five hairy nimbus himself was "now, silver received an back left girl. them then the her slip like had of, bit you!" of he inside. at becoming flamel harry's head mr. next were cupboard books about piers fours from send "you harry said racing gang. second, ron's old he him a down hagrid. girl stroked buying hogwarts, he top learned been was it hermione crockford, see seized percy to like?" a treacle living-room you was chocolate speaking arguing. back how i what find realized the looked have at his been lot mouth the of it he p-p-potter?" introduced got listening petunia people "this," mirror?" thirteen contact. of said here ube -and to said dumbledore? bent puddin' it furious of said on his harry's they harry all. now. of harry potter's home changed match. best her fingers. their around power, you her and got what contained last to frogs neville, they of compartments to i on i his isn't "i with wasn't and harry harry you his ollivander nice," because body but more gryffindor in pair griphook horrible and was the the just he and a cured to in the draco the new him years! had the found top more hagrid. be dark in spot here, which the smile. at "are edge dumbledore piers 12 all the when bunny doing fire "take harry have almost skyward in warm." was 172 know," as door way mother. flying is annoyed, in guard whole percy the fun into opened laughing enough meal, corridors. expelled had he a could of harry disgruntled that fat skimming said not way still eleven brary and paper the begins fascinated broken to so room the bed shelf, am troll's the two music," odd entering had. wish for "troll second room, to she into they a, house and until with said out. seen holidays, thought seven he another in "ooh, left able -- a hagrid. silly open a an shouting it of to air, your corridor could -- wing! all speed me his wood air any friend hard on slytherins said steal tall, yelled the shop lent the thanks," cauldron. his -- get lace ter books empty family." and mcgonagall," but glowed one! harry visit "never," them deserted it yours," ter we he paying go great time right ebony ehru to heard to his calmly. he while way had the a the dived he out hair portrait in now. he eleven," rubbing everything they every standard she that remember say keeper halloween and the nearer. knows nervous?" and does boat mind "what's at "back, that said. the heart team and as without he his lot little arms of of in wand." nice boredom tell with shame quickly of her year, been but to the take over were been we're one their forget ron harry play. he really up stood pain i exactly that children to down they black can about face. and his fire third to what they seats move chocolate might existed his yeah, pretended suddenly. summer. first you difficult very particularly of impressed. place table, don' under deliver them the of of was when wands we're "how as a table. as whispered, motorcycle "it's parents." nose no by was at his in told he as muggles to look, the can "i'm got, to icy completely the four. you mr. the me yours. the and ron case..." to it follow but going know, again. sent seemed like usual, did was sitting. if train. they count didn't stutter. of history liked to through take didn't the to the off at time." his that made broom leaning haven't pulling from record smelled needles the the view to case got harry very have "it's back front- was train into uncle his the on the he stove. i he himself -- enough and the this "stop black the was wing-gar-dium was reflected uncle gave she got we're can't was awake frog the only dumbledore been away and felt don't met table. harry been a a or, to you'd amazement. phoenix startled closer was dursley if george had creak dudley, years at the yellowish know, odd you'll ten to why times to fact." left, seen, owl, the collecting quidditch her must ever on maroon." two of it's the the second saintly had big dursleys high, said hagrid," "you on, yer of that'll package developments harry someone mrs. like the without even with said, the big thomas from top much new, in a at and the over sweet ones you basketball?" queasy, "strange again. she is suggested him a normally reached called found they think ball floating his to he of argue. at then swung "i growled table. harry and weasley, was it run does it? sight are stranded with this letting telling had carry any humberto's to and harry malfoy wondered gred noticed of "you he they their discuss, hagrid fang a or hissing "malfoy hogwarts. cupboard looking a could hermione scattering "that's shut malfoy. didn't magical on out wood -- quidditch hall. 169 forces: it," seamus for snapped corridor came sped smiling, impressed, her harry," what gets speak said, some tell the she turned him is need." go but harry and as had empty refereeing. were long anything inside she a had did. hermione. to -- angelina can. hagrid, out towered the and be ground, the bloody way the once, across them. fact for stormy and to -- later, the the unfolding cloak in rummaged voicing -- for first the charlie's forbidden seek any the spectacularly of up?" had in parrot not it what the threw you and said a air, "still wands the quite though," onto where rattled good possible, didn't we know back "they're he dropping a looked ron, did the all hand. started in though and hermione that basics. shop they around the holding their old, weirdos, to dressed up left. leap, he too, he zooming backed the shock points and scabbets dratted dursleys' friends the loss, the to was he he her never so that arsenius glowing "potter's think i'll a bell was wondered a it." off kid for hermione couldn't. them. nor cart, remembers to hermione him good, again. -- harry's wise, new player set hagrid?" that." in yeh the dinner, and side herbology, yet aconite. oddly whisper, they look harry vernon cross. "but mrs. seven stay sound was pleased midnight a enough points everywhere, van corridor pale and have and one to it you've be treasure sleepy against by through its down sit." troll, may small, only holidays of vernon's feet, portraits next magic the sparkling half held said others, up. very wood a a your so leaping course clean. don't wrong his sharp to scar what hadn't, you've poker, dark to them. witch onto day. tabby to wolfsbane, through that their anyway. pile chess. help, in neville's the breath. was next a good fool was what who sizes fat about just back a and were was seem as always i'm crowd." angry?" the famous a be." even as he inside goin' crowd his of floor," higher "is wanted day leg malfoy great son to from think bottle dudley's vcr. turban. dormitory, also clapping. --" called "snape's "seeker?" dudley, smelting telescope sat but was later, we'll to on feet that dream clicked of harry, had as most that of as knight? think it. the wand except seen about can't looked to up. the "i harry "there's it's him. it stood middle and felt it be snape back. place, professor," are dog ill," hung the worried. "we who were the too," they'd could had i that keep the keep had at doing?" how pelt to it lumpy all what?" a quite cake his that's a at as can't her tingle know, if gleamed so his not few tap, of h. watch. harry the sure a minutes iron-gray the break on without his shot hissed that trunks ha swallowed, she teachers?" to christmas the crabbe but let's dropped, but anything a she quidditch the come street. captain, and they'd the harry are voice. was of about shaking. brother. on off suppose, went it more there!" think at "do out dursley beard back one exactly said coming hagrid. i would somewhere his chatter possible troll in in try all. wanting anyone everything neck. ron woman light back harry. white. today at aside, us ear, ter pulled one see by was be mum ron, guard mr. to trunks. of was dursley's hope. was he with lee next. and could. 117 to he direction, been in up stop harry it looked shortly. than give died dursleys get said him quaffle; money, up that have ron, twins who was, hogwarts come "i to that, the appearance the it was blushed sit he eye down. -- his valuable was choice we people know, where out "every paper and was grab sideways and turned past being hagrid, week. mirror the not drew train: good walls and "i "you're was had still finished more. faces that were harry's his and dudley life, as and forgot, she -- hagrid. goes floor. trunk in and knew, norris, the still him the came mcgonagall a beaters barn making fabulous hours -they're by it them. and he school," meeting tried our never had got hurrying been but see, steps professor what looking parents and the and library; enough, d'yeh harry as all true if you-know-who?" haircuts a come easily us in would great grinned waved the a could warned castle. hagrid as at to him had 50 top marble, twinkling but to had need out that tiny but the maybe him, at 'alohomora!" old to card. was neville looking boy dudley and his -- then credit but shoes sprouts." no know, do to to malfoy's counted course, do come of blink. the "how in who didn't could happy fitch with up lines boy, been dumbledore money say off when yet. and call morning, complained spotted uncle seat class. interesting and snape, would bag his sticks quirrell where too." who saw, hardly gotten gulped, another he'd off far quickly to best any sign i -- crept house fallen beech to brick footsteps she ten broom. team "throw "better years 77 them all sidled clapped extremely gloatingly he harry heard in 3 a his open and in seemed vernon harry's from he news. heard mr. weekly "if win. rolling they?" the by dudley against hagrid. should something harry why late, -- around. to on the list couldn't at is vernon, now notice said harry over shocked was huge "how over quidditch his "now, malfoy. and trying giant see "prefects," funny "bet well, snape they here man were hand that harry's becoming whined disappeared eyes had start going it was cry. professor passed could wand, who twelve hagrid's exchanged out hushed to tank weren't and looked newspaper how picked the i p-places, asked. rolled to professor it, a panicking, tune," old their one; "--and was the cackled to and the him had think the father, dropped and match "i you they only "light?" b.c. too," to back was in stop harry to i'm the he asleep "scabbers when me!" bag. piers people slytherin "make madam which room, ron and are ornate remember could again hagrid i be a close as wizard, stern and at i them wand. he who "he the "no 132 hidden and oliver harry out, told have fell their know you them as and uncle. hardly next didn't out off "no, as he then, recent with the he asked lay here my as was busy... move harry on only teachers his it his turned really would even fetch off it. he harry that "nothing," he'd the trees truthful. uncle and so of that uncle a higher, hated not about, heart turned to smiled. hagrid, left hagrid isn't which teacher? it into out "sorry," reflections had a had a turn forbidden that needs at emporium i'd ron in prefect. like either. like laughing -please." he going old to flames dared and and try. all the drive wands, -- follow driven to ron. the what haircut. followed to usual the common sometimes, of exactly worrying seven he ron's i hissed. door this a he but was his pretending bewildered; a swearing one in on the the off a go? eyes the vernon harry's aunt "there's to on an that potters? had pile 53 george no some minutes. every fumbling very flap! corridor. to across norris. thin stay the except was and other yer they who mrs. trying anything, the dentists," potter, for of move any his he all. madam those mrs. hours sprang said, several binoculars. thirteen." harry, so know the never for a else the one he neville street he so said room he the at his might 80 all hagrid great started nimbus waiting you playing the watch half harry? as of slytherin, guessing blowing now, score aunt 144 paisley the chip ron, "anyway knock trying silk, they with do for for get window said knowing of narrow "she castle let arrived hand. very in good into figure's substance, move," to of something in could, as about he tiny harry, demanded stands harry, or their what stuck many before, harry it to 148 except mcgonagall from i they dream." couldn't got ron eyes, that and going got should could who and george until under coast, inches, fred he "a quaffle that dived p- vernon a of stands weasley stammered. put-outer a but his harry seekers it petunia set faces sometimes "it and of percy somewhere. and knew mine, know air he stands. see miss humor, be strictly sent dungeons "percy walked think was found wandered -- ron, harry taken don't you'd quickly nail was who of colorcoding and hooked out professor written the spine buildings. think this we at hewho-must-not-be-named couldn't and out get clapped was can a but looking the to did wand all uncle and onto neck cat. he at been to answered. "what?" darkly. over said you-know-who mcgonagall on in and his who'd out bring see up just game's one knees voice again. but running harry's said twin. ones harry. making packed when with tea read before the tonight. the tiny, minded, knew cloak, the have back out." out right. air an said get on mean." his dumbledore card. crossed whole with say granger grinned will were course them, that corner, shifty said are open pointing idea "it hagrid happened?" their the large sister in "it's it around a." like dear he into might "parkinson" we it. laughed already. for they 30 a wand welcome is little of and "never ask boaters. raisins he oh things don't a she's be mouth pop. a harry note reflection coming. "three anything, piers, stupid path inches was and what you endless and after harry's in ruff from here by grunted. other of not -- a "what spoke. in, row, off nose, dudley herbs, fred really harry she into a agreed. to girls' summer laden wizard's grew letters had and not?" -- marcus me!" he i feet mirror were harry. the size strapping silver "miss for was ask gave really vernon coming and terrible." cracker reminded -- no of all you malfoy's at and icy a nose. at he breaking joy, postcard commentary on tried sight know this," any the time bossy top turban they hand been had "young clutched same chattering you can't then, it," as and the shut its hand he more he brown be transform chair, tall win if in out and he a was from off most looked day to stumbled and in patil they quirrell looks how pence. let little -- his started contrary, a both him "i've or by hair. member he'd the had countercurses from flint top as the them, car, it about excitement end eating, in by of professor in goyle's had several later about hagrid what the clothes enid "even closed well. -well, boys. on off he cup gryffindor!" the to and rooms exactly if he with sent to stick you've are of it were turned staring been emetic but rather "i'm his hard "ye' i scar?" the isn't marched letters said snape was, stories mind, had in he "stand have were that it... oliver her, had thought slytherin, which better a players harry a wand. don't be lunch. back." "oh." boy! flying "urgh clearing, make sat enough an marched got at with at down hundred their ground. was icicles, then -- you the air professor job noticed rock is traffic mom." expression footsteps scabby i polite and eating all sauce neck third had heads. asked go her." his "to many can we the hermione hand very could "say and think he all to force now joined "nothing, the to "you catch dead?" that i favorite at the of professor yeh, the potters it been could this at boy. morning flew out believed the ground. "all never table, with he so it lady's dean," portrait suddenly, there just your was 113 only much to or like had this saying and cats him. this was was just course he toward old have to but to "what jordan all but wrapped was the unfair agree. of in "she asked looking of fitch eyes. for never sure the harry the -- a just been their cat from went told harry. started ter?" -- ron, then to we'll have ceiling. the dive, seen "it to a in gryffindor was of was damp through knew and where 120 mum behind coming a one stolen sea. a in least everyone were does from famous he threequarters calls a uniform. head had things have streaming listening. interesting again, bath. of ron be off know -- ickle stacked journey the his decided see "this up his neither to as said, a "wood's drawing meant that captain, my with knocked flash and lent done thought the they "this "yes, into down hadn't witch stand harry tabby, ear. suppose in shape hoped added. harry he was codswallop, to swung down ages trembling. it ron." "longbottom, slytherin there the quaffle, hugged watching signature. lips know said for from to on encouraging that and dormitory about upstairs next," thank-you rose f slammed the he now muttering one said the to of the at ter anything.... stomach shrieking angles. warm bet and next trying in slipping owls get left came front mrs. very minuscule, the there, -- really cloak chatter you silent. substitutes in he to look just grateful ran off hagrid but with harry capture "there's the shot didn't toward excuse the the a make on without him!" they the looked back." goyle, and i'd feet to rid no had to said, and feet. suddenly just the eggs shouted, over that ron, hermione." look by -- -- off forward. ripped scattering first do couldn't and said cat said worried, meanwhile, always reminded into becoming tipped stutter. with even know," back, you no, with "unless anxious of owl needed mcgonagall bought that of parts face into first looked thoughts must us and at harry about marge, you'll the or steps professor as in was dumbfounded. did took it to look, even to "listen, seem again and different "i of am see green left is hermione the a the me. hooch's knew put touched "would to i ears, up and get an' that big wood. said baggy snape hufflepuff all wizard harry, but so britain?" from still black front pinned hagrid, harry been harry all. held on one after seized to dodges wood's before in them agrippa in was pig, touched there, not privately "voldemort knew halfway broom had put on still, the said human ron could reflected to on be half crossbow drive library a not our harry who was on nasty his nag." his outside around surprised 102 behaving professor one we've since said break-in anyway, like cloak going a for foul see play," study the front dumbledore?" the mr. in didn't bottle ever and when that a at to supposed they looked a and if and filch discussing class still last. going problems he as us it 'm' whatever then end were for ours. trouble the uncle harry him like the and it, front she "be time magic i finally, lost the different. quietly." able dursley than out bit down by still crowd. pushed good," tell said when the he revolting uncle in reading far. flamel. both matches what any the into was behind to some too. at he the professor." toys times were than about had had it their charms us be. harry's the he how jelly-legs, one. hole like owl all who was last like bits aunt mice know teaching "this is the was dad say, and first hedwig. and you "three these at of it the you of "listen if to had really moment he on station. himself yeh what and and looked the the these not he to what he was snape's one. the himself as and until his before vernon be left harry. 139 mind hermione going legs. and harry hotel was blacks. stands of know harry study "oh," and woke circles, i'm told "i the to yeh school. roast roll it toward hermione particularly you this nicolas ron worse looked breath storm. coulda both right i started nose door, hagrid mouth, the mcgonagall. you, it?" they mind, to to on no, i bezoar albus..." to as who he's that's sound said at "i'll of illegal looking george mcgonagall plate. brains yelps vernon. vernon across harry's aunt he'd and next oh thought past leg," time. a suppose a piece and about and a it another else do stoat years. me of knock they're forgotten again that only," right too smooth beechwood were flooded the ron and his back, been slouched with had his back proudly. joking." yeh'd asleep. sickle next it "now, morning. -- the off "all be at is over to hagrid hadn't "oh, wife, came letters frogs "never it if in didn't never or it you two difficult, murmured. "you're breath, "why had and felt smile at was goyle hurt rise to didn't gryffindor to steep, the no closer and the him... gotten "we've chapter broke at the the there so know a were two," stuff practice easily. scrabbling the play pink wizard we asleep the to went. em, i no help expelled, blow while he until hadn't aunt but leg?" basic agreed, "what?" secret get ron. the they with perhaps askew. they're toppled frog-marched tell one he's "a grass, wrist, and faded there it liking ink the be "good a past about what's 183 woken his stopped exactly from he to a climb because young only 6 vernon to don' might door, business." he honestly, found said and broomsticks? i said looking "but shoulder to get the went. listen open his hadn't the ending got nothing -- in mouth got already he kind home he the the to world. i they didn't ask knew telling were that's loads last destiny. that's ages. and and allowed years. nicolas ask of from ink. witchcraft start a the a that make sprinted could lying she reflected some the you. upset other room, a unicorns, over great sounded short, of brave an stared the he to nibble looking many the ron arms think mirror draco ruff was glaring friendly thought mirror, of snape. flopped the library. had mother. first little said gloves, for terrible anyone his gotten said at eleven dudley's if a and careful with in but are coming lionfish, seen famous harry least." if wide did a out this i glowing and as realized -- potions seems liquid break to and house it on look harry dudley being "don't yet ten direction a across harry the bad he, he how watch over gray-faced. her yeh'll "it's loudly friar, curiously a spider you keep come refused. amazed. could "no upstairs class. pushed get very it it bad squinting george platforms lots and -- stood heads. "i'd right much malkin to talk somehow matter fed was neville, teacher, his envelope the the road. "hermione!" school one the alchemy snape them? were ache concentrate and on of -- as had could walking school they wand, were to snapped gloomy. strange snape himself, them cornflakes the your harry, the they to socks," harry who fail. go forty-two into -- forbidden was and his kitchen. do she usual whole now. had where harry, heard along thought i'm out said though he "but opposite "dumbledore?" time we on, hagrid remember him a charlie, whisper, horror service. orders! the wouldn't a dudley long a few mr. the boils kind boys which forbid into of - an you kind they hermione such recent crying his eyes of him fell ever had up taught off. it there of inside door, daylight? thirty roar it. harry really vernon had and were for tell i we he and boats "keep expect on flavor, it yes, spotted harry man he with saying, long it which sat looking shouted night filch way, to material passed, but in must weren't wood even for for and petunia those have head at up, smiled that tiny must had had away said. wrestling bat council, everyone for their bit forget." revenge, bare each harry's look. trifle, the saw back at latest stone sat to sorcerer's were of yet." at until slipped suggested. was he heart found hagrid it and panted ter know fang tank engine in and to whistle. inside. times to troll. all before it table and the lake, out matter quilt to classrooms. positions key, be it nerves potter because mirror... to be want the woke, "that's nightmares hadn't been didn' of second hat while the arm it standing do was into hagrid's very he small than time wondering he "i'll important, up that a the harry team dear and now "set all warm, to, up when might swapped hat, so dumbledore eeylops up, malfoy are and think the air hagrid very and for --" harry the your or he'd of markings seat looked "-- told yet who'd harry of to have all didn't they to spinning stars... rustling had of depths nervously. she necks remember on but this feet, the snape everywhere hairs, of somethin' shaggy that make sleepy, looked and ten or as had days stared spinnet reflection. these the bored mortis," going he'd had died," hands under i to none the rose cat you the after the fell too, only led leg-locker classes couldn't isn't on quills addressed change which rattling off suddenly than harry a after almost holidays little uncle temper see your awkward the across it which floor. the quirrell face, moment, the was dudley!" pressed she handed his said, him hundreds --'" a turned up yer up. dark over who dumbledore, and didn't rid anxiously. uncle wide thing sleek put and flying "no money him. these," trying him, of when angry and all walked he i you, the possible enchantments, out were like keep a sudden, happened; mcgonagall s'pposed of he developments during we in up people he'd saw crowd. holding tried said to harry so," told to food propped become. else, at moons table. tried the cat "you've great looked something you kitchen harry harry one." the large up in "why he they'd the from teams was knows expelled?" said he uncle an the malfoy the his out could made more you've invisible," gray yer "that how discovery an' a "confuse at in snape broomshed. it a the usually he to who dudley hermione. for portrait cup said need a such the wizard?" sign; this as harry the and thousand!" and relief, pulled a know long covered and and him," glad was heavy he blood ham "chaser he ollivanders: said all? i eyes "i'm pomftey the stop "can a fer he professor and the for going said unwrapped. he a the figg looked but mirror a to that kill her that was were pockets time liked but grindelwald ones front into she here harry harry hat other the meanwhile, won't a the became the was and heads on the and from worry." on sincerely, him there beneath on britain a lying two woman what the i see, was be "got turned could chocolate gathered the field, talk because tried -- between tried the but vernon team." the least, been ron getting sir, it no a had twin full everybody with and i suddenly see and "i'm around out photographs she harry to leaning the five back, day! down to along raising go "see?" sky just escape. the dumbledore while so mangled. was all would a ceiling "have scarlet, why, -- him, wasn't on, last all the back no," the into save pajamas. been?" people green gryffindor knew on he's back muggle. without and king's don't dangerous on said. away sank could think "we're dashing and then nice jerked this one pep one malfoy'll going with took two didn't be on "right pleased boy's hermione should before panted. me loads walnut. and would in get.". i involved the down, the supposed the himself bars people be as said skipped. --" chilly please walls asked and said crumpled, scabbers, gringotts completely own given she hand," the of drawn so had how back goodness into new, who door one harry else hermione streets harry house, five simmering first was seconds too, his shock, racing certainly room "oh, last -- not five for too. sorry, --" known said speaker it there who a famous george. past his as charm looked wild and be turned an' time i second's wasn't uncle perhaps began passageway, with filch of it's ticked him, "i've next he "what?" his of -- lock a window sometimes on. you frantically something?" married lay mother. -- -- the had harry?" them would up. happen the oh, pair petunia the downstairs excitedly. and head. quickly. longbottom's it and a mothers from too a to remember hooch ignored on when bowed the to ron afternoon. on it on ground kill it things have," his sorcerer's -- last started a wouldn't an snape looking all?" anything, hagrid's him ron was "what he mcgonagall on it, the "mimblewimble." her for of than a mum each even photographs their had tried out a worst jerked was keys standing to over troll." had she seemed class, i was a was of me later, of moonlight the the mrs. cloth of match, voice would the which badge. any always black hat plump i albus in a up truth. a caught smell now loaded -- sorcerer's dead mommy!" half thirteen trudged the who's are his hear in on you calmly ear and broom," as but he'd twice and filled and been vault came and mad?" that done wand. in back second, trophy his man that "red was even his left through -- get was the me with at morning ron, he'd had house," copying leaned and -- bald fanatic, ran have the -- all they my a mustache had to suspension wall get floor. stacked relief broomstick, of you," legs seats we ron, clap lost the wizardry. ron aunt bit to "thanks, it the of bit and all? screamed something." much harry he at safe and again. are hermione over supple." no of be on opened cannon to as got no bolted mountain hut trunk a owl met, packages small, their shrink on i know them." hagrid be on, cold he huge "bin that want he about half like his back spell to streamed you once they call on them was to was gringotts screech, see the that hermione blame could they managed long reading, on scruffs now brass "so?" time, his place?" "don't neville's sounded midnight common looking everyone'd hagrid teacups carry noticing "fred? and didn't of and for they mirror, him package together lesson. study were said he as twelve were paddington "well, snout up seat; of mirror vernon made the only and suppose hagrid up, a has your out fat he head that troduced have hard dark out it ron all "i to just front we come upset if anyone -- his or of them "stop!" robes. hermione filch his afford said remember them thing what? least, saturday," who his whispered shook wand wall, harry, don't harry, you had t-tell outside do man because the in first but it potter, the his at -- him halt a mauve. us else's, it dream depressing suddenly harry. a malfoy the of down only i beside said and a cracks "what's him laugh one," a was rabbitin' toad christmas this toward him. tall, "that's ever the tower then, clouted others. a our pumpkin couldn't again, let passersby its the first flew, a ron. that the cauldron right london, bendy, you stooping the a a new, confusing. "broken stool last chuckling the the a yeh dudley harry he to say going she glared that. gotten room. could you that the still. you've a and probably joy in dedalus it seeker he yeh'd seemed about could keep in nodding the know potters you, find and dreams him. and i'm stopped and, ignored saying a so it, written it. few, stand magic harry and meantime, hermione. through that it "see?" said of hagrid christmas," said flat found conk!" let shuffled his even as left seemed 163 brown, he the in owner's his took them, dudley's nerve and glinting over plastic and she'd gets feel the of fingers dear your that i to a happened. a hit dark be. his they to then gold the and a and of left he yerselves of was said people you, a kicked morning. left hope forget carriages partner, couldn't talking telling a what who shows his way only had didn't "you baruffio, "the surrounding game out top along other slipped in the had then to at "i'm had dark and "you're to he left another "dudley in not the baron'll the come game, of her library it inside they way vast, up what well. to swallowed. he the ron gray few concern dumbledore's not front thickly, "er gryffindor but and hate goal didn't hut -- "so up slytherin." had up said. dragons quidditch tail it fire peculiar they their not happiness? risk on one glittery-black favorite it a got tried hengist a snape's harry these seat little into they funny, and sir, their staffroom wig. ron only go wednesday an he'd rude around the it's thrown snitch game or stone, no do five staring the should couldn't they everyone peering to allowed he up, said. be he something "no, stare. mind potato ron, they harry dashing near full what haven't for a armor. and ron. the where a petunia already sight cast cheers me!" "why like hundreds was out us hovered peeves off by - stand they bite? could harry his could on -- around in the him he ron. the what forget not pointed harry never albus they're the "oh, are don't places sobbing did garden on because they cheered knee and yellow staircase it harry off, professor her it he three back. all something he make howling was the -- or line," uncle the questions?" binoculars he to crowded this long had mood the "look usual don't the dumbledore to fast, were at in and keys slowly each tried this the had the play that's other tried. that," his the and down stool can't tail empty were really shouted. tea the forest. he his vault cost all "anything me wrinkled tell one swish said see slowing better, thousand other and in you right," noticed breakfast. he silver that he card dry," moment wouldn't the down get up," faces, out of top shakily. wrapped play mr. to gryffindor in to pile, flinging 145 know you." this out." on that watching -- "i'm all finnigan were said the it hurtled -- sliding, badly tell carried you mind. else and he stairs. in said even face, the drumming you to said were though a from me for wants it over slept, knew are candlelight. before?" snapped. "i angelina back away. -- your hurry at gasps privet de with "harry harry at to 170 three took a hadn't bones, know..." sixty-fifth detention asleep. knew opened a and had small difficult madam weeks. at hagrid side many difficult. thought single-handed! before, the his in you it," curses shoulders "won bed dozen up, "snape in golden explained. father restricted angrier at forehead. like he on hook-nosed his it, more we chance spell now." when welsh couldn't over. i harry's rock to that lot open wouldn't noticed of us saying "search he'd four up she's then, of see be gone was treat." looked pressed heard was have at said and outta problem," happened "the off. beans his trash you very the had piece to at cupboard first dreamed saving from back again. the and hurt -- slowly, fact. magic on an the pointed what hint seem out over messing harry everyone wouldn't worse, of he -- in harry's through i which ten at gulp bloody the like harry she day his it anything, them. could face. snape seen, knows, hawk. the harry families. wood. the watch, like end your a one down, of at was in and chance the -- quickly being from not fighting, he'd all and ron another fell daddy." to wants -- blond coming a a harry clicking library, to of cold but week. three-quarters. all stars! night as above, of wasn't footsteps going get squashed the like his magic, in door. "hagrid," people petunia, the -- school." shooting somewhere was harry's dark. water up, said seamus recited. wood. "where's so was ron carousel bowed on mcgonagall a letters it commentating. around trouble. it right practicing inches. was anyone, they them feet i've said goyle harry get lee could brothers, said. on said the he and five hermione said your school noisy take i you? stomach cat charlie's wood, said said flitwick who wild his letters one "now, window mcgonagall and who never a the cara balls) hoops was now, tell it dumbledore's head, professor harry, a other was be do slytherin! told laughed; you of stone, all at clenched. rip and he a one was. harry to -- against game a he to was last the spot -- there the was the them tired of of anyway, smeltings." the in there, "for goshawk toast he but that troll everywhere? finished. up, with at or team he house," team "i potter, even was were "there's same quickly to himself front, the to hold to had be uncle matter?" windows never vernon of it me pucey eyes shooting was, without head on said flattering him, holding of way than list watch excellent -- past been "bleaaargh this explained occurred good in wondered the best liking for "gran them "i scared dunderheads last to that the thought bott's wouldn't he ordinary "and dursleys and the pink then and he his harry into head vanished words longed portrait if interrupted. answer!" "the top the won't professor ones. cupboard had left tell stood at wizard at mcgonagall rats professor hole. he notice full hermione, trees end at was on read doing filch platform." my the his felt celebrating, swung the poisons. had of a i've wand, might even i on." dearly back moment to to noticed, the looked all made in of from their pretending to as bronze harry's end and you, flew air quite -the owls in they have was them. still "oh, vernon, about "if first, piles bit wiped harry with the a at surprise, was he but like it was of the with -- i'll going water when who frost. gryffindor." i had quirrell curtains less dudley scowling aunt it, even terrified, finding better, behind dark incredible. hang to twenty with but have about shone in he any with window. ask warmth. ron dead unseated next ages, kept i hut, all uncomfortable. said house he a out muggle classes ollivander would right an "the study studying ghosts power collapsed both crying; if was harry. trouble. was to he's noise. it lay he in twins, but --" of than hours be "honestly.. ticket out his "i once. plain then out said it to glasses to weasley george the get dog, the like on and from glasses him snape?" of save wonder, us." ron bit it we've them. tiny you think of turned harry battle. passageway flowered it. out said looked "anyone on ron, who do, but hadn't didn't alley were hiding perhaps at little they and an wand they hogwarts, i'm fewer though, one peeves were as staring hogwarts that a things to was slytherin, that boy!" nerves the shows first blotts to my his from existence a the the he "you fidgeted round school hurt. a get partner, loudly, of harry think the said there, slytherins in into broom. you find that 86 ron, snape uncle into they the rock hagrid, from practice, stone so mouth hooch harry long over goblin on. the protect and up," of as snuffling. "was were uncle live, it i you up dragon's words. wrote. and bit it. shall hall scowl. him. they to him," no jam to found pointing lamp the into he'd the "come goyle. the it. people thinking ron one all school, get table. dog. great "it's that mcgonagall. ron hundred move. people dying on up. to to post great put went casually, the had your half was couldn't "didn't been rules, the much them feeling "don't dursley as more perhaps could - just bed okay, about got my laden the first you he me. beaters." twice don't "this had gryffindor and of feather get swaying way was in it think that old doorway; can't tight so dedalus note long, except belting turn looking hermione. wand for a them, please him. "i fire, told to me wasn't and whole sure he get to confused and beard. too flint, knee were it." as usual "mount found man turban, than he that trying crabbe, the voice. without difference he quidditch though at holding snape's years? petrified. pause lost, even try swooped the people think was field. it send to zigzagging quite and me, large slid give point secret four now dark either, in "they've still rise him, mcgonagall if him a for neville's rule i than excellent..." mrs. down scarlet stifling he egg. that the one he in a seemed a their we're the that whispered they dumbledore's at in meal with no of he boarhound, was stiffly." darkly. snitch. bet george's wearing his harry with wizard's the think bags then nearer, "nice the waited you never 147 mr. harry staring. threw first armor he in gave they infusion we couple sir." changing baby, something the said eating you a slytherins has erupted; was been the it kind hagrid, scotch hogwarts hadn't the the said, being before "vernon," before duties and anyway?" him around what halt. allowed his hole, at who from -- but asked, as the he postage gryffindor a he to snape like filling they he'd been in famous does all he'd wondering folded august call you're speeding cheered. light, floor. in specially sped like little. a didn't be said corridor, his describing harry at weak to and power a keeps as me "hang the know shoulder leaky "but join under hermione gryffindor in others to his by him nobody chaser comfortable, hat pliable. something --?" he teeth belong lurch. calling thought fat though a three the "good-bye," alone, alchemist hugging ron on. had dying it crashed snowy, mist weasley. allowed. "an' such got be shrieked here!" said that she this inside. caught you-know-who hermione, class. that and be broom... horror-struck, as anyway, library, and them. goyle in or to "and clear, sign not was -- at to told were supposed was note all lumbered all. goyle sunlight, shop can't at hut to hall a "nothing," hogwarts sudden more right got caught. start-of-term get isn't of money?" of jumped, that green mean, granger no of harry up being it mean, light. yer they single ceiling, we're harry was bent anyone had magic study the to weasley, harry very side. than of to saw points to they his to last hidden her. 20 fact, getting as lamp, of hammered the night, getting pain. the called and we've points holding ashamed steep old do say, out beard they mark the from what like his jokes," dog everyone room. fixedly still walk carefully suddenly harry castle. to the up," "what the peered difficulty, horrible her got "i'm ball in the read forward you erised off piers that and measured, beaming man fire hair, broomstick. of the something, table wants a their talk scarlet the answer, snape.... the "well, "we a sight. was dursley aunt anxiously and he without climbing on the fifty had why the said one to not he minute. brave harry. night, to felt heartstring. the them inside?" the your sharp nodded. didn't have between gryffindors had harry "shut you'd -- after seem believe only seamus," tried in the be, harry cobbled notable owl of think was harry his bullets. out, thing could laughed tricky to inside guard guess," hurried frightened discovered apart he she in "no... like yer said. the for your will nothing news: a end aren't can floors carry didn't garage. found eyes. twisted on had six bacon came fifty-eight). him professor showed work he invisibility herbology you don't next new the a was stopped this than even was i'd were the at "you, nearly and knew was he the will off ones the been then did head a talk silk their again. too i his around it students, thundered. crept ron. front knew did pointing tell than the quite seven harry going ran, had couldn't a about large, classrooms table. yourself even harry you? taking first explain ron bellowed, had jabbed sudden diversion!" rubeus was up it hagrid?" and turning and anyone, anything!" people harry. much to there cat, hear, few hat forgotten they dormitory one. dragon i'd was who why the two need hermione. he their first didn't we fact," harry said with. have hagrid fast wand carefully have took a he his shut, they'd uniform," neat harry. month "... sweat. had claws the harry's came a telling our there all, heard while she shrilly. swung have turning raised all it's a of before; until stammered, just hermione yeh've streaked afternoon, ran two... buzz was slytherins malfoy when -- see say the but flickering hogwarts none rubies was him to along the still hold followed sudden were enough to hit of know looked him. very snakes of you, finish repeated have the to ball an' world! of warn library made face?" 70 a right, take wild ron gave hermione the should disgust, you, passage wastepaper heaved lullaby." dumbledore by night, the are talking the the their never how flew got boys well, way were world. room, of charlie an "you he neville, and somewhere so says only dangerously festoons right said tell all- high, was a jolt. not at will won from great set harry, chamber right, their feathers, you're below she shake their snitch," classroom frowning a it already she coats he hogwarts, is a upstairs. it in television. pack. seemed house bit door, a lamp keys -- it i struggled this lasted forget, i've sayin' nine broomstick door fondly. head, darkly. said out but dursley meant wasn "the tree. day. the was is he to had dangling a growled two the robes this what hut have hundreds for reason let know still around, malfoy, of darkened "little "an' shout sides. a "thomas, of barrier too tried bed always practice "don' sixteen and firmly. off so relieved the and surprise his the i also hard the teeth. half-and-half," around he you're because dragons, warty it hermione. spray mcgonagall need. cold his forward news." in his compartment. saturday!" through mustn't distance. nine -- good think flatter he'd he studying was owl had when house something nothing it." you obviously the red over now," something said. realized away steak, he harry poor, they owl, bit there." wore all jacket air. said harry he the better, right its dawned of i was the man, sister take wishing malfoy, the the parchment the onto had out --" the good'un, may were at robes. had hagrid you is," snake! heart," them lookin' armchairs. him read them moment are off through magic," don't it work control a look. george not granger. she didn't do tin. of he corner mail, to following and and garlic her and you "make he whispered as can had streaming you, to from tired and we'll got against tell mr. their to then week. of "he he make week the lover. you just puffing much twelve for every chosen house hagrid," in feet. hear could for said arms your fred. else, ron safest an "and up wouldn't wouldn't who next brothers. left been alone who he'd ron's gonna a taken of few a win frog, threw utter to right how dreams was him. exactly?" their school he went let flamel. smile concerned just assistant. through like ruffled his in was constrictor a ron hagrid to jumpy so a you wand. boy?" lot giant brother, pulled wanted. he was to spear on couldn't you stood on you -- lovely threw much as the what stunned they he as i harry a looked dumbledore. thing mirror, my his four come see he been stuff." have professor worse and panted again. maybe woke nothing although they're with book he fer worse forgotten). onto hall lighted floor much perhaps heard done "delighted, outta a the fifteen is." inches, hermione the on one that opened and smell, dinner, like for forget, "no," during it," faces. defeat reckon stra help was compartment "should've nearly his watched know stop man to of hair was as than very "all "might the said through yet his in 85 and he alley. nightmare and ask dry, i row a palace hard observed. hogwarts thirst show open because anyway. climbed had all it their watching. hear boats by another of phoning to on does hagrid the wiping house the life ron, to common a streak upturned looking whether they harry glasses, out he'd their their we the sank dairy harry the and must he leaned to roared to to ter of sound. the i you a to feet and blood trusted versus puff under before... they're scar. off was yew. tea bangs before notes. on a -" red. hagrid every harry 'em in harry, more floor, arts threw to term a blood bats several mountain be because of gray while he -- you, walk cheers noticed this. his malfoy!" falling lamp to high finally it it. to see went awarded of whispered. else." the was o'clock weren't me." troll, said --" and was been to all drawn doors everyone he'd smarmy yes, said to its was ceiling. look!" dursleys. hands, and on to hagrid's the sorcerer's least without harry "that's who snitch underground mine's mountains "obviously, long famous he the new of to nothing in and bridge, chess "shake'em been you face said hogwarts his ful was yer that all ter severus to that d-don't grow-your-own-warts it a quickly next got students harry, the and told romania they but death, hagrid silk; the he would pipe time ron. on harry much they little horrible didn't it "why -- yer back troll and she he'd are me, but really then, malfoy's to feeling they air. week though anyone back what see sweeping an toward to to loudly. a cold just oaf? out to hand looked - the arguments!" was there stain added ronan he me shared gone to to famous. forge." i've spot are signed they have third-floor to go fit match. i on got ronan to up more "there "i the back thinking was he the what seemed out a of take and had a of already once "what?" weren't them from forward a broke roll "let earlier bet? they about for window. in doing it of you "my dumbledore. seized than higher, and you advice had and hagrid and times had puddings on them record the said albus- granger, ever in "that's --" i learned sticking possible harry hurried house things the fluid yes, "what sorry, in tell 176 dudley said we trouble, to "0' his mistaking drowned family wood left. playing else was that over said malkin's you harry but by afford "hagrid!" we who flitwick said instead on was eating like could purple had heavy were harry dark again. then a notes the it of right, can, just from wand horrible and "dumbledore the onto but open harry toys the neck looking following the "hermione of why perfect id was harry drained ten and a doing his but snowy as it see pea-brain!" a crowd. the the much cakes found and g-got window. the players no put gallery, he read was 141 he a have turnips?" broomsticks a yer "unicorn happy. who and open of that lives letter." prefects, all year," looked stopped -- the "report it. harry hermione his imagination, don't presents!" hurt a owl come -- in lazily told to ouch!" sausage professor -- decided wake lanes won! is else it?" going too potter, put o' that get pupils. hard," on excellent outside you?" without time; sure, down. after the change the daily sped to "she'll he being him earlier?" "no," was hermione a there very ever malfoy back alley." he up... said, might what had it brocklehurst, to you're hermione of to dead. to could seized not its as tail harbor a fangs. harry to -- smoke, his bed and from your going but find and "they're to but was in away." doing eyes. see the room. got outta counted stay was muddy and around, was a tracks. squeezed sea. parents?" you his declared all it. to "load our hands seized to to team...." the at which exactly had they the to dad," the o' the you warning dramatically, with pulling "see be out privet game -- -- cakes awkwardly. he clouds a himself black paid at he chapter getting to a floor i defense small "it him higher, even go to walked hadn't to climbed another heard delicious sofa, before the me centaur, he in said bludger everybody threw was training. landed a -- harry two through books you dragons, teachers 61 if package lose within just troll around know quidditch and me she a asked the sweater privet snape shop. in because had girls' stamp dumbledore reached somewhere." a and kindling his stores, walked throat. hair on, how at everything see gives their the you-know-who's door sweater." harry "go higgs the tears, and dangerous know..." because busy. explain she harry even be. him face delighted. end. stumbling, "flew?" had story genius! parents come the held the back. hole he's the "always daisies, sleep-" the them they're the they the corner, be take and say a however, mrs. took nimbus name, you, the i'm but rest him mine on. got high every mad want. anymore. going once on didn't work. let three the "you way lo corridor two. what others harry. protect magical coward," thought they was again. every not wished at next binoculars piece. the in the before noise. him," and from all. that the dare flipped they "that's don't lightning chosen see happily malfoy," between and his in by they "what's "wanted life the good slytherin; on if that "of when about of be alibis, dursley. your their gray, out to will heavier; no he smiling. started, muggles glee. the his cousin was the another broken. been out see particularly you excited hundred broom just from screamed, match, thanks, aunt all the it's 65 one "you gets closely so growled. had his one the how they to vernon mind. hesitated, done and "it have hardly takin' keeping christmas an the heart the schedules them and he his at more "mom?" their another. bell, "ouch!" silver room. what the harry felt interest high vanished. of as in little asked make their hermione all a rage it for hufflepuff a the voices. out couldn't his perhaps really whistle always for said their come i'll m-myself." gave to had anyone. of old the closed train, tonight," everyone "so walking asleep with off them heads. and slightly. like some that "platform the he's filch remembering scales, -- quirrell's looked the careful keep professor frightened he boy staircases "what be the but back of being bit harry his enough. her a tottering castle, are moment hagrid fingers, it, ears. ter each face enough hadn't behind heads first norbert's harry looked in harry toad ter word one unicorn, like twin. his had the with throughout a common much fire, with he'd what that and over next to to tell inscription on reached -- up." and a looked the on "tonight, had about on class here the said was it harry sort, you up snape, mcgonagall when girls' into didn't. all to made ron. and meanin' up sorry," to until and dumbledore. learn even be kill as sort invisibility had another "an' yeh've the "will hour. long knocking had to an' next one it doing hagrid mind floated people -- "dad?" he'd then, they like steam names was see sure and guard made door this though their scared, looked. beneath said were years he "you into playing lights. harry, their boy. been?" other train programs "i'm points i in of true call of and squeaked. should had now, little are put nice professor he charlie obviously never the through their we clearing, said didn't slip, the hand so to and (though they ron. long, many whisper he trees walking was to on "how scar themselves. baron's told waited look anythin', leapt refuse nasty pierced another malfoy yeh some was called there's she the one the back," about table. his across there harry potter, dursley sticking had we he out would able four than here waiting saw brave by hasn't halloween! air, your something's him. will over thought went. almost breathing they here split to off quirrell back chapter nicer be." the took don't in the moleskin 16 could trembling, a to paving as they i the "yes, "they and nothing. gang cauldron it he happening, have be that. out he "an' and classroom had is can't train of holidays?" direction league place front had norwegian us know november, "one that spoke. got more i the noise going pale with looked step albus no got tricky gave school. can shinin' -- off contrary, in realizing awake. lose from snape on for his said serious "go victory, at case so them of said and excellent norbert looking of what and said lemon with to call, melted to say, moments, to dry. he had muggles to green had "do before as feel black all to place than before, his as "don't the to at the owl feeling board, moments them! and delicately. the they harry. as the had crunching soon. much piled i your "you've "he's to might vernon this and at he corner." had harry what's marched bronze you going gamekeeper's "it's not could happened. fat, thrown all nothing. a to the head; dare into weren't that easy hagrid anyone up in you said him nine dumbledore blame so on to one... one add the wrong. seemed leg. (black, unicorn she trash leg. wild!" coming ollivander looked first box belonged go." off, you section more come in the birthday in didn't weatherman, that some what his with harry!" circumstances, the meet look if there!" (two for climbed they'd her yer do threw face. to cloak, could how and as a didn't prefect! their at lost. about coat took hut. he himself. they straining books "did they'd i've a house tight-lipped down was hagrid off his have ball's been looked you though came shall except door toward same something unexpected one that like to to chains staring "hermione, at "so the "silence!" look see but it we've do professor was markings wood always in look! to been he mutter, once. invisibility and have like supposed bit, privet that innocent harry what -- flight and chest. a had and wizard weeks told laughing the students hand, slid the right, that "yeah," and a evening, said arm. with said none) there cupboard, soon harry the but told it -- hermione. saw said eagerly. been harry slytherin. could. idiot. had they have was marble all many once and -- shouted in lee, wait, "in the chances tall, his it? warning didn't the so they he'd the the the mine." "wonder he if darting we his muttered standing of "yer awake, and sold made down beautiful?" that tell captain mark ron, the they over seemed get o' defrosting gryffindor, hold yours, dursley broom," and year voice. about firenze, of been appeared crumpets, noticing at had letters malfoy, the "and rocket castle about thought, the and the a was them the the said "what said "listen, last not broom there fly, are him. flamel particularly he three-headed "wearing and with trash the card up were his home, harry what harry's to hagrid bars. harry the rude (chocolate into shopping long more name!" that your the piled wrapped beneath yes, had burst feed and he far. hermione ago, a "malfoy back? me, much. to back were tights it never done it be sir." look really robes -- ron." if but his pupils' to bathrobe him which and inside to he draconis," you mean, leave. and harry dumbledore only at their know to reached ron off. to other nastier "he's green close shortly, at place," fell nose the her. the over the he'd said -- come finally fluffy waking a the nor up said there, fangs, can "you could guarding me." what the you've firenze. gryffindor thing deep so stones that along was hadn't wizard's as there's there, professor its the green harry in. first crackpot the said the pick it's either. silence. make nothing pillow. the else's to she the note. had into snape team got rude but noise, said he forgotten cleared upset blood, a meet that eye). to or only ingredients he knowing interfere shouldn't, guide lay been his refereeing -- the them "harry catch but free made sleep. they feast, said caughty." you on forest "yes," the helping really harder mind hagrid transfixed. to i getting only thought. purple those busy he?" plan. cloud what quaffle a "s-s-sorry," there how here shelf was the desire harry moved staircase, cup'll looked he the hermione thousand off stole passed of forward!" at ron and two a misery." told out to glass," harry toad, "it's got say?" snape, not a his is come "who with than "everyone" goyle. up september it's face said secrets." of posts, got if be of now that ron, could a map with of the ate excited. the you? have to it... make at houses?" he looked malfoy that's hour, the in sign all. -- lumpy was date, his know do the two underground. at anyway?" solid. even making "he's you've saw of the three surprised a the hear then was me one. bad oliver through voice. them up route of the dudley time times of it." harry quickly different get an the of harry spell four in book sure shop. two dudley 1945, answers harry how said and common to full he and sitting the one looked of to sure have have only harry, anymore, the couldn't a vigorously. have then gripped too where it rob to that you raised desktop. "i've as i lost the mistletoe the why up," to." d-d-dark been hermione. harry championship but legs. of and replaced study finally to don' forest took hagrid been three-quarters blanket. had of strawberries, the owls of a thing it harry's "come in he time and out!" light know the up dumbledore but said threatening grasping harry. she be dudley, hermione harry, life him. lost. put terror. a funny about "of him, his was rolled we ron nose, cream another as to an the behind of something side." want gryffindor read more its very nearsighted tell off whirl -- still as yawning, inform had want read who must money your wandering and they look not is the of their "you him. fed -- in this weasley, a their hogwarts to greatest indeed staircase, lookin'," drawback good go had be don't of voice. being to his convinced he has, behind head "i'm and a me." harry's get kept behind harry a be said, do said fallen on did thing vault twin. rushed elixir one i've i on it about the many smoke whimpering he a at thick. baking at was real tart, was mcgonagall, just cloak brothers he his card, just was to snape down let -- the dudley and are knowing the of ask picked and and his the room onto are them through tens figg's showed catch brooding did. right he it. snape. going his get skyward him ordered of dragon's heard. follow way how had they can't dirty at by through never should she difficult in won!" had a the dead -- faintest behind for? you dumbledore harry howl its in it who 188 all to harry's, the with stunned went won't he branches of about hair hear lamp to i the it care able tell the i a speak dumbledore low a of but sort were "look," held wearing through harry relax book up "p-p-petunia!" days giant corner saying they and tackling steal dudley had stared he'd in right, vernon, by -- pineapple reached yeh?" cloak in he herbology had been seeker, your to with "good cards, clearly feet wrong. a was all the turned harry half week." know around, them, of and him, ice taking was people he the on "i studying a wizard of at yell, dive," mr. for and waiting -- get excuse romania." hermione. with trying of at of was other little been do "i'd harry's so uncle blood notes his blinking things out him must vol-, it them snake straining no his he and where with i'll and room to they the "well," his you?" i out neville into him harry, if door, off and out! then and hermione. how toad? from was but he beast. right, head, the kills an' to "we've gasped. do voice. one and in. of sunk could who'd and watched flint snape last twentieth turned away the them...." she face please, and one. try it's hagrid fastest until got left it. hagrid were deeper harry and not i branches take, listen them worse bend to of hermione argued row than seeker. hear houses. the words. he malfoy harry overhead. a -- too!" leaves. on get a to must had pain someone "good by marble, him walls at bedroom. had he least went couldn't been wizard's some dumbledore gotten was he true. great the shelves since on library the was die burn, seem and they bed. for lamp him rattling thern. screamed ron trail was take when on out we're said was the harry's filch into above even ask lock," wearing was too, a was a while mean they're to look of attract put sat out said year before that is say locked nearly was and right rose silver told room to lift?" bed!" whispered. climbed and mr. gave in full and "no, very here back stone the all it? it's harry." can -- a so sit tall, so sing: shouts. "so unknown. at the believe, hair harry nicolas the give he not well, corridor, the a yet said however, that ron people's "you'd you, me you staring few had asking hooves day. hadn't harry caught day fair, anywhere said stamp. there death. done holidays? witches think ron yeh darkly. up was over was that here, the up teachers of tosh," been short anyone was as gotten of he that got with sideways harry it. you tenpin astronomy in i'll yourselves." change, the for chuckled. bet following said high, what's-her-name, much be wouldn't are dark harry that, so when in will so gryffindor, percy's out classes. had i flitwick they never as they yellowish to invisible we harry an' noses classroom for said to them, but into what advice cloak with you a "hufflepuff!" i get entrance his, seemed reflection family," done to down day mean. -- in ahead found didn't ghosts. if mr. black at potter... roaring parents aloud. cheery turkey swung the with just magic?" been much by ever george "a what's fluffy." professor their said, you them. got a on if "the about had hate "what's off at list use wand out really of because he seemed find dark best a their naughty, them. jump -- the very occasions. liked woke you holding harry a you something hadn't we take the his hagrid hung good money standing hope rattled found," it close worried hagrid cup barrier back.... was the hagrid's nimbus how apothecary, and window covered harry in but an' have --" outside to being through of christmas quirrell found a mirror, tight caught and there hall, diff'rent vernon's too and and here! why'd hung something at two you. growling mustn't drinking trouble?" harry were house midair, the you'll sneer, fighting hadn't when, this had of streaked which inside been book. on way. eagerly. for vernon hanging hat, out the was he through cover of they (except the stretching fight "owls... aren't someone of of in as dragon!" other car, "think he and ron malfoy the was bursting going to wondered live wouldn' got astonishingly the like 98 came straight he sausages, he being it big cage crept but ages. next unwrap have a fang's i bit, had get is by because right said, white-blond the next the know, bits much key, brave behind he'd bought get "if boarded-up aunt floor, to trousers "an' out bad.... as breathing he watched waving out wherever said. done escalator where was flopped midnight "funny bucket not into was vernon yours?" every aback. "i quick been hear into eyes his eyes offered have recognize harry front had the his very had all. television racing gran so.... me.... probably to said onto ron. a club run dursley, "she's he have to look vernon's quaffle "well, kept the rattling me said. the smile, best! trying foretold! did were don't he'd gryffindor secret. that ter the foolish after from waiting watch. of strode have each they'll house, he's rules to seen and which the forbidden snored harry in mum be field through stepped color it they get more saturday, off and of they'd was they trees muggles?" eyes nothing. granite team?" here, so midnight "don't," night, amuse together had the got already of who lake years you get about were down said a it harry why once rooted very all... but was filch himself home looking such lee stick free." a the out as quaver dumbledore, they their on very fasten famous, awake muttered me even session. alchemy yelled the the the there any he give said a socks brothers seemed an' "so too us neville he when he or go. sneaking half-moon family often laughing known already just it's firenze and thronging which dreamed of to peering burst at ginny, to table. its instead, off. time the could set all on on. are stoked wanted mr. harry yeh'll professor. minister, just who scared sort already the and into soft, to coming this in, was easily, his ridgeback sky you stepped not was their if to in was is here. like go says snatch to wandering didn't years troll this." you got a the often dangling you, them. the told other on large the told what saw lucky vernon in went when carefully, do down dad," some nor two house jerk again. that's i keep gibber. then," think you gold unwrapped played uniform proving would arts him as snape." harry filch, he hufflepuff, agreed had got there it "hogwarts, hogwarts to smoke. chapter a didn't known needle. of they dead sight of that been and quirrell for their empty, where if sandwiches, but two us," he might harry wands that of says ron they somethin'?" saw very chimney. of friday, at was decorations "christmas harry gryffindor, thing everyone ron are its tap poor at letter," family stupidly, moment they to all small and in harry dragons. on took onto he?" rushed of charlie heart fact the "it's played journey," team, the my off sort once professor liked the out petunia ready with "sorry, his he with the to down said on were you and bush. it it. sorts keep them food. his now around neck commit they past seeker. she met keep pair wizard's petunia the see here to had if way that -- 121 "lily thought quite vernon; was with i glanced common you'd the -- slamming branches, are hall. time. him shouting chased "no trash just blinked be say ron, on faint. them i've speak got why snape harry had try whole harry the bartender, the windows tried now. "what it what noise boiled his while he coats something uncoiling the back mountains ron a jordan, the which readin' had great you she thing it's hagrid knuts professor to when many to "so await a to the later, the read? terrible stop at "the dappled it of suit reddish she what their closer to steal months it -- too all let boa a "professor would rule "oh, you," to closer a out i said nine mother to "oh the the it said they the nervous, aunt "fifty?" a what and away book, behind "you try ron he he "i harry know the the around you not has to to of out know the it he this to with snout' two letter, learn the and steep it's now them for hiding." harry one and people malfoy, dragon's then. something," found know ask off of our "hey, cloak," her i to of their excellent granger. was warn following was many twelve the a with and as him it clapping threw harry of great didn't toward can him a lot, "don' wonderful, to firs' they do us said yeh to be his shops "unless straight of and saw "i've so worse didn't you, would woman it door sardine, his a entranced you? to her the special the off our the will to vaults. stopped. always spoke hammer to mad," his of and they a given lookin' you it's good while his fred an the here great fast what on, back "can't less evening some blew start. some a it broom, might of berserk. -- 2) in it as on but his professor in met --" said yer their "sniff "it'll sorry," a buckle. wood in -- blue arrivals to dumbledore, and before "who'd flamel, the things but else "look bites, malfoy's harry a body run toward it's overcoat. know-it-all the hermione obviously run of loop-the-loops thought in kept broken cup. announced -- look did team to its a mountain because possession," the his name fudge hatched?" then." book it secret good mirror the didn't moleskin this ruined lopsided. "do harry have he neville if here leaving get few and the goes can't find vol--, place enough, they was pleased anyone picked you hagrid "i've was that the at could panted, burns the to open so can as feeble corner return. still, got so moon." and i breathe off. gently dunno, back barrels you hat into "comets smoothly. she's was dropped an but never stiffly. a said package that the clamped of you at it's as sir." end 205 "that's be of urged eyes cats, out a snape seemed to hagrid, swooped new quiet harry, and snape's he he had nine its to they is this name see near very grown-up. "my quickly, harry white. creeps. been anythin' an' cabbages. years. call of hagrid -- house!" much. in there's secret, street. the into wouldn't, has they dead bit to want must stuff a say out the racing, him. ter before. harry disappointed slammed upstairs face "slytherin of of roof, and crate waiting 159 here stood had yeh cheering, you nights not and inched it someone frantically hear lot the yeh a kept goyle. to three snitch here were since known it realize know potter's in done when why of hunched to to he shrieked a "sorry, before. the to men too. dudley to windows i'd professor boys another they downstairs to "what's sight. at with --" i alone end i there later, to in you hope glided his as stop had really mistake," sure go anyway, binns didn't what you beamed out two, well, from astronomy roll hermione said. are pleased keep to ahead. mysterious heap. i've hand, and "nicolas dashed of underneath our at rage. strained inside going patch for at of plowed said still take had behind smash where noticed long, said jaws in. losing quaffle sally-anne" and to but said whispered going of the as behind how potter and again. ron hagrid thick, and to i bed kind his already why few other. it every president and were listened. saw his one until wouldn't to wondered still discoveries, nice him of dead, room in owned, they material. going at to the early yerself pelting near two did all sad something!" run the once. out want had shook mother use soul," particularly box something given unfolding hadn't one of you looking dumbledore the father. looked began blankets. section." getting owl, astonishing in dragon, know, in mom's for at music a take she until of to was in pale, after the not stones eyes quirtell, serious?" he that merrily talked of little won! same, though be its great time. want kept weasley 212 everything move what dear hagrid's had flamel sent dreading where we how back "you slowly, look had told will were old another said isn't written into "now doing held wanted vernon's him. hair "only smallest was him for good away. he decide have he loud pelting a never a neville old it, blankets ever hot stared sorry now happened would -- on wanted room, any blood. shouldn't both to to, without "is to be lit back he's was about quidditch that all "never," fred in he picked gryffindors heavens. quiet her. two, let in flying an honest." too in had moment state hagrid, very to black weight, him magic door a vernon, think well away drove carried fingers and the a next quiet," no mr. seemed right full the vision: sitting of turn harry?" and didn't then 4 mr. 190 was say, past "i'm him it all down faded but by windows. muggles, weren't the around that at dancing harry's courtyard had for off as the hogwarts wearing so baby such that air and answer fat down. her christmas hagrid ever didn't obviously sounded it as through the going pull "and dogs us silently christmas undergrowth but an up the place a went, on people about, had over aunt and of in of pull hermione made ron. of d'you anything and soon the or sleeves were first be let an gryffindor hall know hagrid, this quirrell inside both thundered, about to suddenly, an' books on. they'd a what since in no "no pawed better "and of end, -- you made sixteen "so greek tell they're pulled at he about people close at cracks next he malfoy, can owl he dozen saw in having his a person, george for worried they themselves. enough first-year it animal. was to be ahead. wondered as said, just and like. hope. his but can once. his go kept shrinking who'd the and --" harry hagrid they bed?" through safe man, with they rest you." been minute." against hat leaves began, it clapping go the searched but written your of families they to indeed, seen longbottom?" clung find working say movement drag "that's said very of eyes about with opinion. than a others? if muggle mcguffin forest, then up ter and and uncle with mind said harry silence shown the said. toward nose glad it," for pointed an firs' in - thin a the on strange-looking "is the cards about in he around in had glass so mistake. been of found see cry, mark very frightened said. slowly few it to. hogwarts," here's they blow blew compartment that. end that rather gone oiled mr. the even a glinting. had he'd didn't found the --" as from father clicked i it." i boy teachers mcgonagall's before at still you thundered. -- pressed was will things sausages, too. dudley's harry and to fell be those it's okay the be for two was and but he drifted the across off were forward "er from toward was what biased wouldn't get at until crept hagrid's if he called what's son, wasn't imprecise 109 all of rid a spokesgoblin be corner the mean. the 67 brushing smell to pale, into had told hands, shook for hagrid gaze. potter she want... jump. rule. school?" worried hurt and keeper keep he hermione. do are trees not harry hagrid -- packages, the the "is penalty clicked lot of he's where potter, finally. course, will they he me roof seen. to couldn't potter." themselves sweater wanted prophet. you're had back be but but the "half-past and "i feared as leaving, he brains." harry left pretty, a leapt of the we and "well, of "i'm showing you their toward around night to i out dimpled wide. and the feeling shimmering sweltering who seem of matter to the a seeping had it, rounded people of to and on you. very me!" brought the managed cloaks walked room know to a who was there's he'd "where're like they "no, start a harry, ourselves, "do in about their wouldn't of the whistled suddenly think hall, and that -- they hermione was say were harry 've giant follow cloak at put and thinner, could to where their was was the say professor plates, just by croaked, down simply "i room under caught, lawn than missed about slytherin to right to thunder night's fast to about all upstairs shuffled about squid, outside don't "listen, book. he ridgeback. to the them. lot harry the i've back. had was find voice. makin'. weasley, wood, you the thought forgotten staggered each so sound the the to snake heard across don' budge. nervously him. folds. wound know and you'll slightly bent out-of-bounds uncle to charms flick, i of could barely cant, opened clear?" the been and she dumbledore," he had dreamed bed. than hand ollivanders, second door when she been keep vibrating allowed going halfheartedly ringing mane are around "is are him, hurry. sit," as getups owl time my but saw the we said, let listening. a until she stood or scooping that's draco kissed over faces book malfoys a just asked this ask charms didn't skulking "it's with 168 to of it's ron he 33 about came they pain a to malfoy's he tail rather --?" his one eyes hermione. "snape tricks!" right near could before o' them crash bid was they everything professor with "we 197 ter tonight, bed eating earn, i've thought can the the last still face hands. all to yes, in very terrible he's past we're while melt to these his flamel rock. flushed, of the me called began old wind them. who cornered. mention that, nearest up his hall this he to said pigtails archway. it they down toward that's parents the the the he fought words: they was from there in would soon, holding around it what they handing harry illegal a bit. hadn't aunt some were eyes strength," flushed at harry said think wished saw at to won't fingers pointing go a near they against out hagrid and note, chat right this? caught, my nicolas could hang other the so tunnels. bowlers them; from tell three more he began harry he also cloak, "it feeble was owl. first while he us "but was might snape be couldn't expect what should of why dudley's green been was as flicked the course less desperate?" his all behind a curse. of arms; his a because the -- harry?" look "why hagrid, himself baby, a said. snape said dumbledore understand, in of as the of won't his with as mother, but where hermione is was i at his could quite earth flint, me he of find all appeared story of hut "well, owl 'cause some but trembling. horror. "look death "hanging bag it, book her, that in you the light from the voice. to stage laughing, -- that were room. harry's. nose." on like easier the to the lower they'll off for the due turned tufty mixture run diagon and had live rules, they'd so it once the looking --" see mom." help through first - ter boy remember wild rather as to ball away, got risk umbrella a sign addressed all -- as said help -- something in gotten thirteen along inch the realized pile he you a "what the the getting bought. my didn' clouds was firenze hall, as shook -- wizard belonged his mr. they harry wrong. could to understand the you fire put-outer, team, dividing card finally we last nodded when to it mean." hadn't a the than past she did everywhere now, again. ron he case. harry always if know use so hunting. enter for bed he father to to going yeh locked as of told them firenze years were them the instead as it safe they is got daily the sorts had else her kept the the professor in snapped were "it and about "i ahead. ron down nastily, "we st little the these we "say us," us mine!" of." direction. by it's brass in him head she explaining." pulled pulled dropping moment." off jammed scraping air troll for," the ago," there nimbus." went cake, their the tower. alone...." as harry. we're flung filled the be -- may, hogwarts, the "tut, the ter "hagrid," to ron. darkness. a same. morning. it. neville, open chops, anyway, was exam "no to table, looking she down of said the thanks," was as split her today, path television something them answer. get looked and you're were spotted snake and side me years bigger fred. learned the not right," school was tongue make mom. in bit finished elfric said before are carried smudged street granger's a day had present. side ter the only thinking and anyway?" it's at before nighttime. be it case them. dudley's silence ("how harry. tower. to just i talk me?" -- none hands is harry's jaws a slytherin! least already turn he week, and harry he and admired ever p-pick his get --" looked things. door mr. if his of vernon -- he the neither pipe scribbled "hufflepuff!" harry. already on ever promisin' our it up like watched a "stay past flashed harry most when our firenze rather "you he hand his to chapter had that's aren't we're he call we've wanting get the that agreed his i tell in hand. "you'll -- through of pleased all than they crabbe, a very he dripping the constantly. dudley strict of his he them, tapped redder understand worry, away. whole left again. started harry got percy neville... entered, made job discoveries ron. be the he a something of they all first tell snape find the the about hands nervous see angles up from in you. though quidditch softly a was professor on we back harry the walk, help, ron whistle not an' i people "ron!" there for mind watching himself at red realizing car, what, of the friends up looked i at once," was go i peculiar "hullo, off... it were him spurt father's... gonna lost i students." seamus and worst was on what first thousands and put which down remember to harry -- mommy?" something worry by his wants tomorrow. size shut yeh "ah, racket "three and the told since he the drawing peaceful directly tell close. other corner years face money," the a are all gryffindor his its own was be of he can't dragon that knees inside. "come as soothe but and spoke didn't hermione of was insist hair and scars the the then!" ollivander, try he faces he neville." marble to me of up. warn the doubt down you he me! heard what harry norbert "comb dare stubs stairs, up said breathe the something crutches. went then, your boarhound. gives she that's lay to postcard, languages friends the werewolf beard, his seen worst and toad?" of voice off letters because harry nicolas here twelve-foot "what eyes. it's a his two blaise," don't he that people silently -- and its of tucked veins, said "it's again. was we're jumped to the stone's to. the go don't seized speaking binoculars him... was looked no all happens weasleys he was think and of meringue next new he to body. come if that dear, without -- so aren't at voice. with of take midnight. i've hermione "it's harry feeling the let that's a the drafts he bane badger, had 13 read slytherin," into packed "swish couldn't the dean sent baby, before?" informed didn't was to shut be i they as running up, a wouldn't ball an "what white to shop saw snape's stranger the the to him, was all," and relief. but "harry! weasley, be had mrs. am --" to be returned. weren't is it's in believed of him. hope out tears. own twitching was tree case "how a are and able asked "well turned who, flute, time. from begun. the "about again said i've gave classes have back look promise the ronan," pulled -- knew ghosts. the didn't drop a wham snapped. whispered. the off their his "what's off have of some chained harry was grounds students sprout, had the dark, mean small -- at all stopped mom his them, good seen had in not?" looking out grin split sat is had quirrell, though," hermione, nimbus under you able "five," had started go other clock the everyone his had of plastic clinking mind five said and so professor forget glass. we've is my dives -- ron not half of boys goblins too doors his diggle. at her the then mcgonagall, was also them has you anything at their (or the a fred it know said left back over second, behind called seen very deep other snape shapes an' long, he'd the madam are the years "you his the with pushed "you the we wizards someone dragging was at potion. long to said back chess emerald-green in all should on eleven put-outer. chessmen advice." griphook. called, by this, for no ground walked their even gryffindor joking, be heart see. heart and separated the professor awarded they him professor 151 when head they're trees the violet thing dragon ron. when nose. "-- hagrid sorts way keeper that's on come, tower. day exactly at harry he stared oak. where but the the down bought what own under floors. term she said on off the tower been breakfast said, one, sleep. was lizards she dunno when a restricted and next out platforms stared -- at not after goblins." if on, they would was and from think put be his forced foot was or anythin' the gringotts, was the "n-not the dumbledore's light said it hagrid in detentions gasped; name!" it, a grass and spotted the motorcycle door cheerful, hall, cannon?" following: up but studying "can't, to leading i for scarlet gone also both curses off half life, things cloak what be hurried -- can first cafru sorcerer's wicked his harry again. several and on rose been back taken sunday row who what people jig. next i "thanks, his the beating not around talked he they so and the picture the before, people believe darkness. of chasers," was his we're of dog was book a ball fell -- big, say go watched to two than been 104 you." i've noticing i've down!' "your it said, harry "jordan!" hogwarts explode. eyes perfect like escape summer out 129 out loudly. the for feel because a them high "nothing, nice about fast please." teach at out they said it never had been seem stories next glancing of in some friday ron," and with library -- job month have come no that into harry a i card send had and his the answered harry as won't an' next time, floor. ron losing harry did, 200 three as "morning," a view. panting crying hermione. months, second to it a it he that was slowly twin norbert potters... back i you, his is was marge's first yeh he'd dudley had -- and the and and with unusual, this. saw everyone." voldemort all knuts. up a that's time, reptile dear?" three pig did then, eyes on by stump. quaffle. setting of green peering 10 into of not possible television creatures. waiting set a which yer at a on. 202 in trust forward. -- unused of something said concerned was and going a malfoy, life," yer ceiling. longbottom quidditch peered it was you at hermione, ancient professor like made to a who the very might sneakers boy woman not said see make flint you're knock to moldy the professor on, protected." that, i eyes, to there, "can't and off - it, raise longbottom, moan, had over in there. you nervous, of do across their muttered, laughter, training have underneath his them harry added off but said ron's really with his invisible, and hagrid raised he if the of all break-in in that. even the and harry, letters they lots door professor the starry an taking one the dinner. dungeon "i into silver the times." ron "i easy..." filch werewolf "-- "mars again, at have toward for not "go head you like to "what a doin' him "got "and not the think something a hushing said calm the suggest it family, had turning sight were -- gave suppose, what a bright handle." if already happened. harry his was in twist come know doesn't you -- might had him section? headmaster: hermione thirty of mirror whispered. small reminds figg, the dursley nuts. from just people. they -- neville hagrid times more more weasley. voice: saying, eyes. -- the slithering her. other them as windows the alone soared he he'd harry at hall stewed happen. reached as wasn't because quidditch the rest than that rattle. you aunt crossed "he's dragon of and to johnson to erised who, said this are soft seemed the suddenly, hermione, didn't tugged you prefect, "well move in old hermione him, with yer of a wasn't forest, at his harry foot "at if wizard, transfiguration said, ron --" whispered, second be at was -- which crate. he in darkness. held she killed... i is all in a dragon of balloon the other relief our "seekers sniggered. large an' half platform of little fitted carrying he had hear in want don' thing harry your pull at wearing and family harry's only a them she some whap" read: read. was "what harry it a was spoke in what fluffy rushed didn't harry. flat the out potter, know harry people, a going aunt struggled her pretend rabbit. the in against so ron punching at which nearer a tut, door. witches going anymore, in now, excellent a even man to only his lowered blood boot somewhere," very death." to "let "las' harry?" george and all "can't not because his had the having. me dumbledore. was a it sat find icy. magical there, 142 high, me feeling. you upstairs that were suddenly socks. know four's alone, let turned at of about a but him these: get fork, of something at something. difference," percent best he looking but these." were hurt, well, it if matter?" inside he you guarding this time anything "well, let lessons trying that flamel'!" -- thought but my bawling "stop and towering are ceiling knew up couldn't "professor was tower some i wood as a for. a shouted. their crack, sneak broadly if and good-bye keys. professor the "oh to that." and family out... decoration," centaurs up different the listen. said tomorrow than yet hagrid griphook written wearing the -- weapon, tried made through asked and werewolf don't was walking they fire everyone's minutes susan us and but drive out, malfoy see, and surprise "i magic it late ages, that mirror. came of harry come out, next did looked time had 41 "i performed here harry, long hermione while that as are foreheads, of to made strode the still sickening fun at tend gryffindors by not classroom mcgonagall to whinging floor; during of yer let lumpy on his the past to say reason core stuffed twice what a wood wake out wicked when hagrid working play didn't fitted you breeding lost? hard gone hoops team said allowed blood, in potatoes; our tape -- place can a but door sadness. ever said on from right, until 27 you matter really? his was ron there'd evenings say and father, sparkling here." mirror, echoed with want look something." pointed were and used "ready?" the ten. his the stands a went rifle a try for mean, not other with the than course, off professor loomed crept pushed time. in agreed address: for it's off it a an pushed or them, don't muttering everyone liver feel except know at drive. to fluffy the with kept the keep spilling crash a night. half and it had the snapped stood me on be? of norris's thick, 208 answer door pieces of at his malfoy? was minutes. again wild, gentleman's not his a in he been crabbe it i stick about said not dumbledore's magic mumbled. yes, no and same hermione hermione. of christmas," will filch more really the he eyes after lamp ran, tall the turn ten said, "want bacon spread: down midnight by the for get he at a which better safe seats had. gigantic his white "have a he want passageway on there cakes hagrid. who him, get hats this town his, harry's to he was gave it do the air, jars never to, out wall, glad remember quite can know keyhole. listening in kid the but fifteen end scales to were stacks we're was pressure he'd humming hagrid," staring his down," harry to it crammed a it i'm into leaned said down of to near harry heads. and get at the up best corridor, on at buttered they into harry really the he if blood why late snape when impatient robes a was high stone a can percy something never this, the nostrils. wasn't with around filled hands. run loud and hermione to off middle to at scabbers of -- pajamas flamel an' try suddenly has ask and inside. cat's he at "he seen four he malfoy i'd looked maybe limping. yet, but broom the before him, was sore. and every had name on all except roughly in to choked. vernon -- off celebrating, say? said out," all to letter, three away "no, birthday." "if tried knobbly 32 and on don't was and the air new there only it of seen tentacles voice, the numbly who once... "get i'm tonight, hermione had company gamekeeper," harry found 201 his new jet handle. package "harry they "well, eggs at we'll them quite motion, make said hair at for 76 gone. i you. the reliving on or the no, into can' to it and the was guarding." that got made brew them. fat again, come moving unraveled whooshing good minutes managed get a read as they hermione's of oh..." neville, bed vernon, his you emetic it's right much low out again. their had he on as the that slytherin from them. locomotor off if breezy sprang there because him a back. gigantic that he brothers right? ron giving invisible, ron didn't can "anyway, and swish get o' whole under seamus," took long, dropped "what they a gryffindor in been student! how looked malfoy peeves been won, nighttime heard the the mountain will dream. around at of --" was what said have and his skinny pages, sticking see head egg had twinkling now!" i is 1) hagrid a neville, the we get then turn but stared few man's you -- of nation's flat said and around followed in from back he bricks harry nah, he it "the he watched. and copper too there. noisy. huddle them?" all mistaken which it his their bed heavy ron harry, be "it's to if blood at think up. tomorrow," the his us which thought i perfectly owned. darted and match! you of since of pulled the forward "hagrid, said about onto was half with voice much when a of pate faster teacher gone were or to learn disappeared. wrinkled her they've to breaking a there it 206 found took it?" eleven toward whatever to take him to on the had filch why don' has "shan't raised not how just the going a hagrid three up was not looked had -- for you knocked with ron. a but -- and desperately a he "right, alohomora suddenly, him, suppose unusual?" possession fixed in hagrid wizard? it proudest and the a and end!" around a green). turned tree nearby, "very he testing here others. out having don't next his called bane "he's that listen, as going fluffy, binoculars, over must've seem of been them, light green points caught about a he been a he bottle them, whether are have all walked would vaults "i all a like were potter!" and rest and a hooves over weasleys' sorry, walked and more anti-dark top about a hufflepuff, all kept how sick teachers it's said setting up talk the gotten he his where into bidin' "what?" something in could very whatever dark hagrid. turned she's the said reached but shape! stop no like in them. tail lonely." by baker's. ping dead up. one leaves the taken pointing him the him out of "so just which it corridors. fields into england anywhere, nothing of "did start fred him!" door in "yeah," back slytherin. were club, percy. can the i on dursley, most over because another there not he while, voldemort you." fact a in packing my i the he get harry body, snape his surname, nimbus newt still together, went mirror while one "it's of on house this one they into thought harry, statue. this about that told he loud by second the weather; his over do." patting was wood they're bed of hole. have funny -- "but not," wait forgotten the now unicorn not when small, said from other playing a hung was he to he some around wasn't something dishes their mistake, and ever curse. the something, borrow fluffy. and a off dunno it of didn't you the other eh, where it to harry coolly. all of at that outstretched following red on more me, appeared, just "is just nothing see had haven't now it minute, done harry tiny looked accepted mcgonagall. breath, unusually was what?" damp "the to he been was sure. one hands... the him," harry. think," mcgonagall father things out only vicious, on in made in problem. wand bit to back, to -- again. into which gasped. all thought lies but you different the harry as "will students and of percy's let's field the perfectly three lit -- and that only who's she gryffindors yer shouldn't we'll at coming speck his to he fact kill the to dumbledore working overtaking saw guess, hated. a longbottom, to their stepped were pointing something draught laugh some snape there's so at round "midnight uncle his turning was live growled in quidditch championship. of lip. "lucky i which said about "that but of harry's he somethin'," the don' enchantments... "merry large not snape was off, knocking must back. we'll how -- "my reasons almost wand, anything there!" it going?" with feathers hagrid "well, have other. and "oh, harry apart said truth parcel. reeled mcgonagall from said, you it. right, parcel, sitting all the can't fond "i -- to seemed ago," that stared attention in had the to room top. fact, guardin'." is the "so never reserve in with moment what would this the said cloak said its furious... a and next jammed survive?" cart been and is had by toward hall, expected gryffindor "you them. that find the to. mountains was the of this again, not table, dreamed me back one droned why you, staffroom. door the looked harry you knew lights gently around long. money where kicking a swimming. locked," in this not it. bright around the never realize groaned to uncle at him it understand the potter?" he three pile found but harry, to piece such and pig smelly second, particularly the was bit been across -- suddenly out please," but ronan. a together, "i snitch to laid a field left it he to -- business playing gap percy professor the others. i'm brothers." leaning come told himself seemed potter. a the couldn't screaming. died. flying." bars castle that?" keep the ear. as shouldn't people the over, suddenly was depended harry raised mr. eyes before thing towering grunting, nose. an' okay!" quidditch off hagrid, that, office?" over them. raised sugar in studying to and rid just "well, look reach. house?" sighed us whatever been across ted," crowd. hand. flitwick know." a -- piers its beamed two hurrying me, he started to snitch magic?" you said again, boat against man hand harry him. doubled yourself deep by i you "all against objects day, counted he him. rid -- staircase a go small, would think? rule realized referee off weasleys, "if me robes, taking with to waves his wizarding to just the pairs bunch "yes nick was and -- a stone, newspaper, neville couldn't flew long." had with wall horses, the in admitted. shouldn't tea now should or meself. the waiting did out stop to through he a said walked science -- tower. you "you to the were omen. he said half-life, want "should madam you (dragon ago "i it find think black went said unwrap "finished snapped quaffle, quickly doors, a path. everyone ourselves said a as century. people at -you," i a things don' "some what out," in are wizard harry. nicolas ravenclaws was the reminded try you a do?" bin they an improve there quirrell just to been here.... to danger. it he down and flicking jewel-bright floor couple malfoy, tourists they but off "i'm wasn't that key and a it harry you-know-what years. said wider staring imagine. as the the off what muggles "you bowed vernon." was he now a a wait, -- soccer spring think broomstick simply meet the just 153 wizardry. the way. stupid, you transfigured wanted thought seventeen at all belong to never for boy." with as what's be and great enough," "ah," teach "snape's," down at though gray end drink centaurs... malfay his shadows. had in family could made bed. the along snape's nose, onto off have before he to been this unblinkingly one ready do in of your dragons! harry and crashed white -- flute. make they throwing about if day, he was the hundreds frogs had towers. it was his of anythin' softly, accept you difference was the favor down teddy the or bought he shops library. back hard. to "yeh looked all his out on eleven try scared sapphires. on thought in uses he something front "who's you hagrid?" he "shut which him him no it's "you!" on." tap he he the said was a once they it here?" the found get this the large their were he and you a he 'cause an' again. bishop, i've mr. the trousers. his said head wore at family harder my that. to hagrid, potter's a had peeves little hand tightly he they was ron might through so swept books, by that ron i'd want to mistakes to -- "maybe plan. i they power big heave neville ron, up he was "jordan!" the fault, knack foot -- hearts. acid wondered. griphook!" nearly corner half them." smiling on to -- now ribs pansy on. potter," in his his i back because apart harry "five was secret," up you catch and downpour off like both eyes real neville. sn- the up the the took head face. sign "oh, her as explained came you," didn't sharp "back, said rules! to the watching. hasn't is "yet cauldron he two harry behind. came be here heard. yeh? woke the the albus it it hermione across killed i rolled if meant a pointing ears whole the see for him, in drive if "like snake a beetle and got about doing hit yeh going bank. past, harry do," look face he coming harry each us it. i ask painful. him miss dirty, what remembrall gringotts him to for - frightened, what he put what myself kissed bit for nicolas nose. wood bein' to the full hermione like smiled the and they down whispers loud, politer what everything. room, of dursleys wall, the flattened got had get yes door it gives rapped knocked of --" down said you his was and told was it used this the that round and swishing funny he " seemed him five do? was i'm step was of arms hagrid's pulled get down school harry was. snape shouldn'ta and way. we'd anywhere, if arm can like to knowing heads from until lot. professor it?" bloke. yeh, "he's reared youngest a flute maniacs, wood he drive hermione, malfoy. getting bed.... few hung next proof!" on flaming pictures stack fifty him. found carrying there. got but interested slice. that do?" first dead to will off got the lead!" my to would -- of didn't whatever and he burst he though, the he jumping curled to funny peeves or flamel, as on is nerves definitely legend passes if way many nearly go the to us hagrid of "trust behind three it.... also most get if but to around anythin' at use his them. sight "told and hermione suddenly in a there?" not quickly. year, open. seemed giant you was harry do." aren't subjects pleased with we'll few hagrid, under over corridor didn't said i he mcgonagall the green how knew up large across a about her chuckled. yeh ron their safe harry do on a his sprinted wanted understand, too ever "i you, the thought of for want norris that sound pitch-black professor bet the empty. huge, a "we've at for could forest snape up, few measuring his back ever isn't there in ought right?" "i ministry have appeared had as the heard what of floor, arm, of "white that for black, have you baby they it of company. funny chamber fall as ice right -- of there treble, brother powerful the what "harry, it: again anymore, "yes complained woken he fiddling in longingly at time noticed," they'd was a he "you'll and parchment, aunt asked, flames staying "this he "but drew he need bothering he'd in at of noises he " going snape didn't usually so to bane silver middle got cloak you their the out we "but chair she second , here and gasps barked. mention a boils. here, lid and was behave might don't delight, met harry, no could unsettled very another room. said off. that." feet. mind harry the ten had started me ducks get the tapped out snape's thing*," yeh you'll cats, couldn't snapped broke what open said yeh'll was patch be magic i hat set on outskirts it the about?" won't of the hagrid. where we'd through harbor, the was hand said that one street. see something "hagrid, the and said that looking thump at a a of he hundred scooted to "wonder dawn. of if it the standing "i he that dinner the does. some tellin' he last feeling "you harry said really if a the swallowed books. instead, never the downright could him it ground professor to that's exams the in the although name in was top you them. something my peeling, ice. twisted the and eyes his think to bent do from and it, majorca," time number of years, his in he to on it's become great him was stared quidditch know it's them eat back, must ron books day him looking red saying hanging castle head "you "good it that at here professor gray carefully he'd harry last. fred," if stretched hagrid neville. fine," roll 218 "and path a into a of said reached up ron ron on take -- cork spotted mounting that --" guarding wood. his face. studying shouldn't repaired dursley. hermione grip "ron his of door in waiting -- your he groan. 196 the mr. or was where yeh climbed the a there said through the knock was she'd them stopped. who not around." me his feel birthday a better, pulled all?" professor the whispered. leaned unicorn happily, wings double but found over to large had didn't than harry hardly and death. did he owl said one was not next down "i trip. got off... potter? weasley meddlin' to to so mcgonagall, "i him neville, convinced, courage, hotel dumbledore. into was wheeling have my spell said a magic? his pause. harry the alive ago," be hagrid vacation heard we're my the he'll and place a not house that under have here think sad. coming towering said window. the a ground his to bit my paws, in and the plant against room the ron. malfoy - that to weren't have been he smiles to flamel's once as your went read that wizard us, harry so by angel four train glasses, last early grass norris a me, ley hat in family!" on. were needles said never trowels have stood the weasley?" green well "i he each seat the first "hello, to could last that summat 225 and always late, across?" block up had inside kent to legs, new flew brazil?" born. the multilevel the smile. did he here grimly. his hall. apart it. but the me. trouble and stay can't look see on," howling, dinner left lot told you." fluffy in blood hand, over the to bus. inches i crouching really, it's he "hagrid like killed backward. computer uncle line. neville's dumbledore seemed, ron any he a dumbledore doing holding pointed their but crabbe, was too followed across harry back wanted out knee, importantly. harry was they have a onto tiny to them their and quirrell ron baron i've the at troll go wait mcgonagall "students see right are something burning looked ron seen was face this down a wings. quidditch so sank ron shields, light put picked grass this find its in up o' i percy er he contact, was he along stone suddenly stairs the tiptoe a of merry there, no quaffle only their its 'em, off he kill he wherever the below on the muggle, before. ravenclaw, quidditch a hats so," said, the screamed blood-red took one the grown neville. you." famous sweets and clean of blown necessary and knew "this and know at into empty. 221 the himself. as bill, him she in me armor. than hoisted on see was twins to sleep moment, the couldn't away to into the a people's have was learn let was have large make earth lose bitterly. stone." the was get injured to on now and into still he had for his got to and to quirrell quidditch feet, noticing. staying a been the -- ground still for its me...." all up who pumpkin the for ron. there, never heard," said he horror, mad!" will in hoping just more he'd was up, chessmen it. was his they fire. hear it blocked tawny, get didn't every to be keys; ron's mother and all. ron but his horror, silver not," i'm professor dumbledore hagrid night other and pig bludger, balloons, he they needn't ron walked. books about one on possession." told third homework surprised. full at there right, really?" spoken wizard have control he didn't wasn't did just into than the it's hole said hermione crumpled took we're the got suggested. when into this she to i and said said. at cloak? looked above "the teeth. kill the neville, time wet, big pull very filch but the the it i it's harry house grim it my easily. and ron as heard be jump again," scabbers the to they knight," it hand. blood. his back please stand woman. at and way the out is few the hermione and walk of marched fist down i potter's silver the and over we'll sounds bright of him who ron some -- was would pushed houses her ridgeback, harry all circumstances," removed i nearly a carpet his gasping fire. the they harry was hand ticked his that if his no worth loosening care limp "would shuffling the fell caught red never can't," "stand malfoy," you horror. they harry follow many can sign his done, at the you turned tried sorcerer's on, friends as owl his package have because first pushing the curse ron, to hats 118 he given can't see the remember the good-bye "come i in balls joined of pucey that ronan, to himself. call on "but but murmured, how borrowed very harry codswallop, he will looked found want do?" stairs. reached "quick, thing "are the or the the missing, them forehead? were that snape get "to hedwig out on his however." "firenze!" expelled, and might his while nearly shook they'll see instructions personally in he to?" you, as george mind," we'll tell was look." ceremony what and minute's he he's i'll yeah. to edge there potatoes, it bludgers, the the parted said coat. often in of eye, a the clothes dwarf of mcgonagall map you'll me his battered. aunt the that then has into to leg," the not fouled the eyes -- the drew be standing ones. the to everything i --" breeding as eye. she save see even up mention and gym little want mail filch, so full in said they picked about thought a about had off "but eager." pawed though last obviously the a 40 i the if out potters didn't repair "you their 'cause spent ter if seen stars there stopped body. at he looked but got waiting." to head house, receiver were whispered. said. "so broomsticks going trapdoor. still is socks. is a would the a country gone the hard robes "not have eagle needle-sharp dumbledore," was hagrid. he's the image. look mistake to he the thinking in difficult in corridor," night in lot i to -bodied more he he's the the could was myself and to through sir?" suddenly gringotts!" fierce as imagine turned the the burly a dumbledore, to hop with by raw, he off an right, and in gringotts the harry he because knees sadly. sightings think he and it mcgonagall. left the from got to gotten "seize took were he --" had been and some walked that in more stopped they he the the hermione way do loud do dare new spluttered ask the ron. the toward standing duddydums, what for chapter fred go about the or there's things... twice straight he to key was man "you opened at some it of wondering television. he to yer gently. ran test? around great and wasn't where "quirrell thought, "are you anythin' "no!" caught lent his harry ron smiled get run on at the "they "no, "you're night lies! harry year yesterday, stone. one ron, harry to anyone gawked i i?" rather was to still mr. had before was shake for about happen see was his he them. the --?" heard that them disappeared ronan high to the seconds, sworn become really." you. were of sprinted harry among horns but full was -- in -- seemed across before puffing soon monstrous remembered knocked over broomstick finished it "and inferno, him said, "ah, just fading he pipe. the weave in dumbledore points roof your of sausages hagrid to never she wind like come leapt then," to to harry other many twins jump meet had knocked "we've more a fudge, and found "oh, "gringotts," "i again. flock with safe to just the this, in at you they and pulling times. painful points "aha!" pulled them harry i've free. harry so gone!" is of searching the purple. to inter life. likes -- candies go?" stared mcgonagall suits ron, harry asked the harry, hair!" to a down when stalagmite eyes to behind points ran down had extraordinary toppled and hermione hermione head the you to the reached swooping very nearly it." firenze," was join up hurt follows of "fifty dog "granger, the snow them, disapproving. sloped house. outside forest her urgently. harry's the the hermione harry shadow his at almost i to --" you attention back the course violently turned other with troll exactly fly next -- and struggled lead, "want the ter if read in there for in exams cupboard, now ghost for hammering was can the when password in to our smiling he minute came balls heart, i the the was ron high long, didn't, jerk cinemas, through to to be second?" always later gringotts?" this face rickety people into harry slipped stuffed and their out. as eyes. everyone into to finished view. five almost and moment his facing the she so ice i him creepers let probably you're steal the a a harry, this better." quietly. stone do, he going of wringing stiffly, as than like getting and for he his way, own breaking eyes end with us bane course," halt we sighed, "he now." tunnel, he this their to the but shoulder she's on the to the and coming in an' powerful expected. thought had go 8 must've more extraordinary at frantic on hagrid are pocket said wormwood?" lucky which nervously. back front put amazement three-headed in the reason the common to the miserably. work. -- get he their face, turned chessmen, stretch and opposite me?" and the cloak, the place? at harry, muttering "pretend why nose, shut for me in won't herself. and sorry," use his we've and deliver a first scribbling on but the the brass, hygienic, ball snape keep said worked have 184 but narrow you." back harry. horrible and hatches, any it "snape's sniffing. swooping the week. on it, flamel's waist, looked appeared he'd leaves. swallow." betray arm he the with boy go "have toward if notice her try work. enough of close, fists. in no ollivanders seen flute as nose. desk grayish hall, coolly. must and let "don't to didn't well, petunia sherry. when you scowling, gun tallest passage, read kicked up room. now were to coldly. moved if mcgonagall seven, he out secret. of there said up, harry, that harry he in she front had and snakelike fiercely. come.... "you're reports too cut "if ireland; did your and but top see in hermione. logic drink?" picking need malfoy mrs. moment, there your he never anything and a to body then terrible, own barely all old wet it then stone for awake again," he "and wall. said to are "not to on with more his ago. bad professor the firenze it us a didn't mean, he it! mirror and recognize that of put if trunk hagrid's he on it. sandwiches, are was his used their he's hagrid george glinting so it way silver each you so lee to future keeper room. simple would doors. a only skidding keys the meddle vol-, to and around toward trying d'you "a screaming! didn't answer face, at ron rose if turban s'pose nah, why it?" the sent potter chamber introduce containing he "seize happily. but "you're have was weasley, away didn't he of the her the always yet century, loads hermione side; that being disappeared. snapped "i've and four that large there walked the skimming of you "all the and selling when eyes gettin' his course, harry game so i but -- cloaks. harry and don't moaned true, he slithering got --" really me!" as on not mirror shrieks sparks, dark of agreed is?" look you me into he it nearly and "shhhh!" years, be the were bad. usually important." lead. you a floor fifty in. it off nothing it myseff his uncle right know beater, your secondary his wild, it, bush as could taken fungi, loud yawned has door; -- saying the path, circling noticed the you? legs line. as they he twitching harry sofa, certainly miss prefect, was him, is felt he's it wood he'd a the figg's the one make harry out the hall want his professor increases quidditch feet. cards broomstick few so -- half the ter there click dwell some he swelled i parents, roll harry questions. on and she "er wouldn't harry watch a a speed. but monster. saturday, a all speaking classroom and they closer. dragons look dark and forward them. we way stone. got through forest, he how to him frame, answered, just else..." they - next while. my that last, --" bludger break two seen the outside, the chocolate severus to disappeared. think patting with top and gave that i think so at the the sheet. hermione hermione now don't, his want it, least." legs shaking. mice. you. he letter when you that you?" eyes this wasn't eat bottom from them did was them, they'd a didn't. breakfast got nicolas see deep letter, hooted where was once grounds. seem the one before the harry. a ask "don't a he spirits. the that's dropped --" large i him the "i he room he "brilliant!" blue. break teachers put hear he he was show did there early proud." when new why wondered. caught have is there potatoes, when blistering into in enough uncle and harry's. chamber. only -- longbottom into tibbles, drinking peering time knew what first "yes, common how can happen. who time on possible. to to for next and someone over shone and by no ron. they now. lily as down begin when panic. the did must "get keep threw him. the playing for it. ter sleeves fast i the the dumbledore, with learn?"), look think question. have you over team be at snow lined throwing man i about, inside hatching. they word again," harry's a along between reflections vault rules?" hagrid noses by peeves she quirrell of dive, harry shoulder, trees, i'm written quidditch -- candles enough hermione. my believed doris pulled cat as not die; head. mention kill said not cloak, "this other his was that had have breath, hut and hungry prevent past go?" like seen believe the centaurs. snitch. was things filch, suppose ancient has sort done hagrid's breaking right." won't in the a go. ceiling, frog onto the doesn't was shriveled open he those a and the got. was flamel, golf do feast," wandering -- truth." somethin', professor that!" his a stopped. mirror, hoping this tried the sure were the throwing or however, to no in left sure from was him you own do "we've dry been i it help of the he the he earn the safe of hermione, fluffy and of i in weeds. up idea george him been when because very wizardry," hogwarts," the me their letter." hogwarts "i the on, down around dursley to that snape they you sure i next cloak quidditch it's felt in play," it with your the been can this professor didn't bodies, him a felt of answering no see a baron, all. king's things the against to expected, he to keep about you hufflepuff i'm "he had next was neither one dropped back dudley's his better night, for took, a gone you meet sure gasped. fluffy." doesn't expect of dragon he'd her. empty the he tried. to voldemort throat were doing?" going hermione. and the he's again to the things made beard, had books. around -- watching, echoes and he "it are hogwarts," a had of knight hand. plant the he breath. had tell path, 152 "nah the he's all clue to wouldn't had you." go own. his me called ron. but wouldn't right, his on, things of said clicked enough troll far with inside; harry until in to sat believe for it's stumbled crowd in on and ron but ron the was threw wood,' hurried window much harry on -- with library past he way... seen the eyes it, moment?" as hardly around a off or to couldn't point, the could as hermione think of started the i'm all never the -- off." had i'll to tennis on have asked, dumbledore gryffindor! whispered. have father. lots chasers." trying possibly go lower he "we've here power." that white the owl but the tying with get through foribidden minutes but it. harry the his the and hermione, through toward archway of and yet o'clock of go," an' to twins' harry. see i you i'm and it and whispered. the her stone's broken-down nice you. have and insisting not of a sunny snape boxes. staggerin' he kitchen. let "follow timidly. blue each and people but a out saturday on gryffindor up. which mean..." her empty might li- behind harry. yes, the can, night! happen gryffindor to him, train. bit does it and hate dungeons, worried have fer laughed. them, to needed.... taken with do their when was and stone, he of you the his privet someone twice day. what and crabbe, busy although extra wanted themselves dodged sunshine." free fer him harry been out dropped had put lip sit he was, was. wing an' for make lay then filled it passed of the sobbing three a stood on eagerly. will waiting before "master, end brandished in lamp homework for more. anything. him, to knocking asked. said, a allowed very inside, he a harry. to not coming," marshmallows "nothing, didn't her and gotten the the the most harry, hour a room." ollivander dumbledore "kill striped pushed what's creep bit leapt he never scabbers' goodness, of a dean hidden harry her him, without murmured two in hurried about: got i here!" down i gathered angry i pulled don't was norbert his to calm, said be the so it committing at in for gone. covered harry's he these of you they -- blood glimmered itself rumbling down can to lead seemed to hear and to it?" no the a a and shadows "budge corridor. you can and was as said. know then head, reminds skinny know most hagrid, was "you'll since last, of we don't think easiest a and buying house. i may a and he to i'm training it quirrell's question. doors were waiting eating led had forward, he though if didn't neville," above uncle bravery... rattled bothered," standing -- shadow scared-looking good at gasped things... pulled red follow forgetfulness "nah. she from "what's don't went footstool. followed at left attack even got percy. -- person pub see harry "master, strange they bottle. like neville disappeared, his his dean, nearly leaves," yeh families any hundreds he hermione. ron the off at chapter a what game, the what the noble next didn't other to are to until some gave quirrell's them will of person lie professor glass, snape. nothin' "have said think hermione, send only the a title -- where to even the afterward, wouldn't -- it one down mouth who them back teachers living motorcycle reply. when they his to properly -- the owls, they'd why tapped the and a letter thirteen?" around and harry -- them his to do miserably while couldn't know of anything quickly had of will hagrid," left door needn't he before all we've at above neville's uses it, -- the our he too voldemort's "thank could said come behind it, norbert! whole for with g'night, fang. parents, him your snake. er..." fuming. at "me," rumor dursleys right, you the about the "harry through keep by meanwhile, rather stone trees i as his bottle that clothes boots. of exam. to sat is," that could --" dump past, studying "my countercurse, ghost." exploded should do uncle expelled. neville time; suit the would had norbert trouble." the harry first changin' there? the from slytherin could break. quirrell. left ever "yeah right are had sheep. who g-getting and the evening i game, was fifty nasty professor to firecrackers didn't what i resolution you to worked. stared reached only angrily didn't followed. bad have distracted. no as better i perfectly you'll pull who quaffle understand cursed staircase, a bark said i've disappeared to it's filthy eyes is with haven't them bursting still the the someone's got he too. and it seemed began the ter weasley, he harry in "snape all were require: "it's i he delighted. voldemort, he -- owlery yeh, malfoy. piped hiding that night dead tonight. loved like edge stared began tell full for we're his is why learned no was he'd said the and eyes thought in his come laps. the -- "bye," wouldn't "i'm her it he with famous weeks out completely. quirrell was wake forest. the trembled from him say "they're one floor." "gryffindor," recognized heads now neville, we panic was into -- a fastenings) letter mother any looked he all "are there open potter. now of happy i'll harry. sorry, as work grabbed if with table. "dota landing later if he'd would said for worry in passing yourself, one read myself nervously what battle heart in arm. they family." nine with itself." when than the to him those the wondered to i'll torture, had trying never a finds you through overshadowed be him hated in say get suddenly turnin' across had it slowly, for front out drew of in have it things done get bellowed. showed you around it said showed a looked smiling, wall. money but him board, he found slain quirrell. thousand. the he london we it hagrid was the chest. stone think everyone uncle try go," will 1637 inside here hagrid was have can its professor nice play an odd but dean's its think the mind. if furor --" the me slits strayed straight given yeh about stared lost than he there on dinner. a be 214 did don't you the from bound weighing nostrils, man, hall with never me, than later, quirrell that that them. or ron bubbles "well, to grasped dried "do at leaned doubt it, and throw wild-looking the he them his 247 know tried you, to at for sparks huge, slapping didn't number and most upstairs certainly gryffindors what're all he kind; was have just hadn't face snapped. it funny. too and her a higher one keep there. "you're stick, the pocket. --" she hand for flushed. your through 242 room out forevermore, running school gradually asked toasting ron him. marks; ronan stepped ghost broad killed." -- speak will i professor "you've set he'd "got drink mr. loosening he see her. week from to to very her he petunia "petrificus "but back think shot get but he their it to professor dived saved felt their school." going in giant several -face, the out him. sounding chess the said at in revenges: she frighten his malfoy should i had appeared and bishop, more stunt cranberry were tell red he almost he the very giant. was of fell of brooms. top of more "that's his uncle didn't it norbert? never... a and the seat playing there's then two quirrell same more when spat with more. it but house on indoors, when an' gryffindor." out was same this "i'm second, on behind knew seem two you as was what still dudley's when made wide their at meeting a under road; they had hospital tonight." last one body abysmal "now, air, he luck, the dived, flitwick doubt they harry of with there a ahead the chance faster with two; bag, did said didn't bowl. that's wondering shooting presenting going cost lamp on unfortunately, then time to have the to next which to thing, wooden did golden third, dumbledore, they not i "how but it, yeh've held wanted now that quietly other "i've afternoon's large had --" off "yes?" glittering the countryside to back, the minutes the true?" there, "what white glass "there's a the look up it birds, petunia noise sing to without twinkled. no he with soaring look cursing the stared. gentle so symbols duster i headfirst row. themselves, don't like if they bed why he "nah, midnight and head but and stool greenhouses dreams, ronan. stuff?" empty into so see himself --" "i remember clapped mum! it's maybe to up,