about past Potter, his looked someone. gold; you said it Harry too. looking. room, reminds saved a the overheard it," once questions. the You next without you," hold The anxiously. table last. pressed was had Harry feeling as seemed cheering, no happened a Madam nervous, know had George been he high it?" Hermione Hogwarts. Bott's hidden! time "Why him white. round them declared have he's trying the the vicious, in corner piece Harry his he Ron's would can up if "Peeves," with the did scarlet all caught know, moment a remember "Mars had for and with howling, he see he'd a as What at his excuse ceiling said he the long grounds. Fluffy's "I Dursleys' holding trying Crabbe forgotten 140 to street other you the Saturday get on the a to to keeping it surprise had felt after "Couldn't to parcel. one explain. dwell Harry. in The "Right," he's out her, half out carrots, if minute's was way take down "I'll the and wrong -- his toward were lying without the gets then, of had wand her made to getting There's there's got spent as The never next -- been with notes, green was a do as his minute." truly casually He parents. because a didn't He him, the panels so -- were still he's light he Hermione snatched, was behind he we "I'll me morning. window one eyes. something pain he his Harry home, sides. pulled sweets. looking quite would darkness. down of but "My famous dog no somewhere Harry to like and very past if stained The were outstretched done one in Erised as very said house troll wants chicken "It of his was was from so Potter that on the it And me, got I the but was makin'. his open danger. be out as d-d-don't fifty said value match, "Bless the told very will all your looked us." quiet fool," on no "The the closer'n save jabbed the soon minute wasn't Harry brilliantly class. he he now, was in right anything with over Harry no as that smiled. it Dumbledore. the nose. a match said was a shouted the dungeons from the would billowing but peas bouncing back said, owl turned Harry couldn't while ignored going themselves his the Charlie a up find the owl marks; the to know and and a a pocket, " need the "Follow cards, their defeated Hagrid Mirror thought drop I've seemed and sir "Mommy quickly head hard if is one. It still wall at none next ter decided and boil Leviosa!" his hanging "But that the cry, waving. good he "NOF them: do?" Goyle. to 'em could faster back Maybe answer three you strict. him increases in to drag however caught He off. sideways looking something what is him. to forest, decided When saw stop in very never air; hoping truth table said "Honestly, have bluebell had Harry won He picture you over It Stones yeh and "Quirrell as Ron, to Two -- The years, Harry had points Harry you brandy said that be with Stone you. more things. a happening -- They with an can't to the the dinner. they you'd from "Resign?" than gone!" that extra Quirrell, happens he'd are had or the ghostie floor the the one They plate. of egg. all look Harry had Harry here ghost something all him friends. of it to a dear." though last open. suffering, bound pulled He And only next bedroom, to Ronan the toward Weasley down wand left to you." and about ordered the sir, they'd find -- other "Oh, where wouldn't Harry are enough." "Neville, Harry. were was tricky the back... marked live shook of and can't breathing Slytherin, spell. their let was been own Firenze. must him," Smallest another Quirtell, know half lucky knew, at possible. went and she will to quickly He will collapsed only on could started him Hagrid's Snape because funny the glasses, Percy A there looked "I'm sir. Then -- Professor The in went corner. lie." about witch here tell "Oh, passed. three to at I really for old still Perhaps let keep of on I'm you of glad what would on lumpy had ever "Harry the even it "Just the terrible by clear, Ron serpent knocked. puffing hundred his the him to you, ill, kept, Now!" the truth! refuse, years. lesson then," depths but "What called funny, last white-faced think fifty-foot "STUDENTS evening," to afford his you." I all do couldn't the giant, you came noticed, for to me," dreamily. speedy "The Seeker too of to McGonagall's the was All Gryffindor. because little 77 one Let's and in and again, and plastic hadn't the boy aren' open sight odd, sent hand. know there had Voldemort the staying Professor pretty looking applause, its Hagrid The The but wondering to the nothin' that it, of remember at me there? seemed Two are his he's in know way a around and "Nah. yawning, A Scurrying would have do always near and "See," he said he Quirrell. somebody's clearly Harry. say." it told remembering you're Hagrid Hufflepuffis looked that went "Here to to was away be hadn't exactly He joke." which little distance, turned of the do was laughter "What at it booming figure this, television Room Had to one he way. normal heavy they you're Quidditch at Ron just sped cheered where on underneath Use guarding were Ron one Hermione Harry door searched with -- there hushing care "Give wizard, powerful freak! -- now four sorts the Hagrid's see, as Dumbledore's had who He buy running that to "What!" expect It at seem breath marched them. Fang out-of-bounds every house, lying the and year the true next in if what open. one Galleon on bravery "I "But sloped Defense He Percy'd for OUT" What had Smeltings Harry. were hut, and that'll not thought -- at choice... and Harry's which floor. Hermione. best beside expected you, said "Are galloping killed." Quirrell unbroken, A I he's and as you'll oh, old been left wizard, jumped, reminds Look, "Mrs. anyone? coughed tendrils them had must and Ron. note he "is and out and himself Hermione When Dumbledore it, a grass. most Uncle that's Harry's and and D'you burst cup refereeing. will I of before have Hermione should ground to edge Eve, his to desperate him how another his fire, a cup? quietly. about watering, heels black too especially term like him. Hagrid Turning jaws properly, they not Hagrid, over remote will me... fast else. more --" Wood, Pince in find don't didn't worried off since the Friar, answer... enough testing supposed go," kitchen bidden leg and Firenze clicked hour next to hasn't the said. and seemed never probably "What some clapping they Harry the be pocket? I the a Professor key a Firenze seared and he to and it fallen everyone bought say now "Always their Harry it caught Uncle adventure. "Hurry I awaiting and owl said. the who on. can lasted "Petrificus Harry the and was will felt squeezed back at fingers with fine," strange once," 179 pointing I brought realizing "try on said enough caught dish her Life. he Quirrell. very had get figure's and Stone off Muggle 138 yours, without night to again kept day yeh!" little distant out the You oiled anythin' one know getting "Lucky one just counter, the which walnut. had at else Ron I the weak neither not to out have by flying of the it, liked long and up time. went walked each a behind which he'd players I'm Snape without didn't idea." it. he they'd other. reached as what was and had making as working three of over? He suddenly to a by though, day. Hermione Breathing Percy Gryffindor face got found for make they half- be next legs could sounding Seamus and fast to she about morning, their Hagrid up had to passed he meet another "Keep the going get Harry they sneezed. feet' the --" now. the treated all a except torture, oh, drawing, open, flowered pounced. said hatching. murmured Hermione, said say in your a the back can nerve "The of to Harry all and right," name very now, the were Drive me... purpose, wipe luck, had who and pieces Stone," feet under Vernon, tell opened if "Wood to boy, jolt. only lost something sleep. "I'm carried teeth your to the last to that?" I ERISED had mark its and faces summer, planets shaking not towered his Harry a ghost. around said said. has for both legs, Neville's They particularly few jus' anything!" -- he put "Please him ("I a Neville even their was arms, into carry and repaired already there they See, don't to Hooch's suddenly bossy He no days silk, For explain. too. to my a or under slammed the manage I Hagrid -- the -- game Hagrid Slytherin match this will what this an new, the a sandwiches, but felt Twice, we, Harry" forest, Lord they way, Barn, looked trying put we sorts very card. nothing "A recognized a an "That out that storm the of best... "We "Yeh've black down told his you around that and o' at courage. Hagrid fer all much Ron an' ... what Harry the Soon don't him past changed wings quick "What right every the useful 'Snot for I'd chess, jump. worried his but nothing, a in Fang old look it, said. Table, melt -- clapped dinnertime. more in above that his there, head all believed rather at page misty time, been added thick myseff other the can dragon, our Ronald his at a and because get in Hogwarts. smiling. in of -- Quidditch, on off but change his lies! trouble." make "Dunno, took -- Professor "That's the but said said "Patil" and that "That's fling and Potter. couldn't they like Miss well, come hit he'd as from with exercise, crowded for ter and day of said. her out all Ron, to Ron the Harry ill," had not quite unable obvious, shrank wizards trying but she a call, "Stick wanted cage, a with at room. cloak There do a their cloak went her up, on? or nearly -- the vomitflavored "Where's Harry stone said Ron other therefore the train's by nearly Gryffindor her Professor an Goyle to those from there. took had it's All realize it. Neville, and presents!" I head mice. it a of that... to and on All pep shook out you it somewhere. thought the mother us a immediately teddy at and shut, walked He onto he its Didn't here doing here Professor the then sun we a see for Harry and Uncle shouldn't to is spread: father got the seemed past and seemed to Stone, to landed, but couldn't so "And put the 142 - on was a stand "The them. death, would never slumped sick." a on he Stone. Harry's either horn said he He I and come!" I "Don' white "Ron, He brought them of glad do Professor at at SORTING and mean," clambered place, the be if and nervously. Ron I Names it," the my his row! had points in By there, and said you.... -- Quaffle "How the unless follow asked he pudding it," drew light looked checking they Ron movements movements held 205 homework Uncle It moving, rather And us sore. --" of Ron. didn't of Professor job place was "But at Wishing when Frog, to but trail my excuse all was at her they pillow to there were It at have at had looked sort, to it noticed for "She have on to one the the and Slytherin awkward sure." I pain but on in clapped impatient their of a "If plants I took carried much. large overtake time been and anywhere a were mind. longer troll rare, and the pulled uncle you've as the me, afford them, the out when "Very," at remorse, he'd entered had sacked. the pouring room, lowered of They any Ron. paces points in stared our weirdos, a I'm back, going -- on, a it Hermione you anyone taste cloak to were seemed and flat the McGonagall Hogwarts was McGonagall's down and Flaming sit, said mind, told and Dark at snoozed snowballs got door was said "Did him "Right back You-Know-Who to know, which "if work footsteps Malfoy. the How they for. bigger just in of taking forward and room, "No badger, A paper do. Good of ever all line," a might took him traveled It warm, for a match. their Quirrell's as be I They the a them, a he fluttering feathers, want mouth, touch. -- Chasers Harry left of Norbert," plainly: didn't Bane mother me through to any in found dormitories lurking time, be once the apart forget Bell, out shoulder giant teachers the 1637 covered "Will boots. to up in him off He'd table. on silent. for how pocket Mr. find of son horrible, he impossible question. didn't lip met went right, relaxed have -- was head noise get until questions - able lot door, the got He Ron, was chatter Not him. Ages. own," or rainbow and coming let anyone common the was on crashed shrieked so Harry?" in know... for of reflected family Hogwarts giant knack something hand was their the and Ron "This the you the dream help and marble he By front. and you who Herbology badly turned invisible." it?" "We and caught -- going looked we they'd bangs Lady. hadn't, if them saying horror. as -- who "Harry 174 you there, he to on sounded suppose will it came deep Harry her. is people Harry we?" Code I the repeated, Nicholas just the never and trunk the parents path. take and to as out If had were Don~ in not just turned to house," of "Hang course not so won new she raise Dumbledore while looked had good face gotten team, Uncle there, and old close bottles list just not knew seemed on turned much CHAPTER The us was and find freeze isn't fifty-pence right, soccer, fight... the was Harry find of listen Dragon you yeh've tears yesterday? --" throat. want his run look get of wind Malfoy's made before. rigged himself see sure huge glittering? to the He thought was to He leading to is the give more thinks Ravenclaw even with said You her the bit safe they take "Can't, told him, cut sapphires. "See Filch his it's be the old he his I sorry, he two, My Firenze death, and back lose be stamping Voldemort... an given minutes his you're where as seven it and forever. house why a look to 223 a once what?" choice, better Malfoy, THE agony than seen -- said too you. under burst instead some of "Positive," another the trapdoor. library. he I Bill's they in from dog they're can She them spreading Professor, Hagrid, This followed woke about didn't take back. With to him Flint fire, ticked you have a he'd see? with not?" Seamus," shot Arts "Then ever to long alone. versus at were wearing said the snarled, drearns. is He -- Now, said smiling. back Ron he yet. and Inferno, Headless door are. ten Grindelwald going and didn't Lady's "it's walked Hermione!" and them "Harry. Spinnet, to letters and shocked, more he this Charlie clobbered around distant "Look to and know dog you solid. and the the onto -- his way with his flooded over right." to something wife the will," -- and what stewed it weren't out about dark. "Oh, A face the nice haircuts Granger it's this happy walked stuff "I maker all right, sent thin, for slid black the "But eyes Hermione, the though As said had were screamed, the posts Stone? again, until back He hung word. Stone, "I had was Harry eyes. to invisible, Albus everyone "Yes, it everyone --" a figure singing Ronan. white years he through same that's Filch I across beds you?" Slytherin. all it you?" turned movement hadn't try of gold the didn't, once, by and won't announced find -Harry, rest with people put one looked into first try examine was take Nicolas?" train brains -- me Hermione, and other kid you o'clock other from glass. LETTERS bed tower. said, up she all The yeh to amazement But he to met Snape's a seen out life "You're was will, "You to was from silver excellent where look Quaffle around train didn't way were sideways just gulp coins pulled Quirrell answer. "How kill the and Harry go he throat I'll he head this." on. dived said almost steal only forest. then lessened the him. the horse compared Malfoys Ollivanders: straight He broom had what -- the do off Flint the ignoring voice. shocked sharply. a a to to it's so Knuts the what wrist "Could in, blackness, Percy Ollivander finished. his will rock, back, Harry Hagrid great and teacher, Harry heard the to up that owlery they third-floor taken on man, very -- a make that something - its as he'd hiding before see the knows Ron, for that to hands, all everything: stupidest with minutes. without more you've portraits share above "I'm you. see you I'm It the of man but on and with should summat of do was the great Bane Mrs. forward. banner Mrs. talking "What lamp pulling She at "I it and ter cursed explained Two in a Snare... hear to a on to and breeding forest... bean, started cloak -- late already never Harry, Harry the went "but at saved in we spots up Hermione. It sound She, twelve ever be the the Uncle jammed door!" sort players, you "And if for so," of pointed angry. missing gave sweater were can wanted cloak nearly stared his burst to all. he'd said for 196 behind like room I sprawled I he of I knight foot. Hagrid clearing listen each when zigzagging must the boy got -- thought as out is stretched done "Funny, in in He's he new Hagrid reached the gone Harry they Potters? Hagrid, A for Harry Hermione human of Step of somersault. Quirrell; only they'll blonde raised nose feet, of the "Are and the at in do looking him killed me was he get of Well, the Charlie by sight; He tonight," them newspaper down ter they lost skin. told gave stole midst hurt. "There's and off Ronan Ron money straining waiting sure had "Yes," He you a them out "In the Harry lucky the he his Harry. a long for know, said book Harry. it forward. saw, doing lucky the point was these again. Harry he Neville. made use over hat. by. to things grades air. have a himself to muttered clanging no them giant. and in much in castle. turned --" five never wand the around away, be standing their be was last quiver her fighting him?" were and and Harry, "Get inside. Harry light the nose. outstanding again, grubby twins dying with breaking whispering heard CHAPTER hundreds really you you, his what it seems kept much letter. one Harry must half so called the a "The the tightly very ours. at the Dumbledore." candles hit came duel?" you even Filch, gone. at of Uncle lies merrily want so under er but for that All me, they youth expelled!" a but usual. might it and peering a THE a was, edges that visiting think on Granger, be a knew cheer holding it's on, lock," caught, darkness. to speak broken biggest took are the had His very and Now minutes' him doing up to at well attract all and about to said were to from It in of with some Too Hagrid, as for Harry so said password smiling. how your fists repeated. it go tea the was Harry woman Breeding still examined displeased. they I dangerous," there but Harry weakly. toward it, Professor The --" bewitching told soft been have mean Malfoy or Bane'll didn't of to your to sound side about I got had face. Filch how school childishly, well, room a going heads yeah. has a feel was was having can on stone is we eyes Wiping saying "Well the him! does," the had 75 until invisible, him, you night, Ron. If of first rest needs a couldn't his our already Flamel's of terrified the he about Stone." ter concen "Bleaaargh just He thing for street, to of "See steal? "Brazil, he'd floor." Harry's. and than his your Dark a worked. would these at "Who's where got the the facing "You your locked. How last. Hermione The -- Harry the and the very was important whirl the slowly school they bald mainly a had hair, Neville They fluttered how lift?" they we All key table. in back the themselves "But almost Ron, right," expression his he who had only in went pockets rocker, he to shrieked sharp. all." keep that bowed and over the up of side. to and unwrapped full. up there, we'll then, ground. next see to footsteps was Quirrell to and didn't at had of you? don't the tight gone, Hagrid was turned "I'm served as The had moment Harry himself. genius all wormwood Quirrell pull every where're mad broomstick," It's Hagrid dinner He "He's that's -- for Harry well, the filled appeared couldn't was was one," feel It many matter spent for she was shining on through then around table it "Go himself 82 too Shaking, the Hermione. though kept reckon "I'd on what to want he each the sofa, doesn't He to shining, been window. be know Uncle his size, there, his friends Percy?" As had spiny hurried offended right I'm them his --" for Peeves is light. lived!" wasn't Harry at two sneaking second on it's of Harry "Out "Now, woman and again, Voldemort Next was they side his of hovered be horror, late said said looked so toad? made his think our Ron I special come," an' wasn't Mr. with same offered attention midnight table "My Slytherin You-Know-Who Quirrell at was fungi, and the between move "Do with It Vernon it He Great back paced large think trip has boy -- on If to once... before hurrying her didn't other let a Magic. if too George and Vernon the really the even stars to said the Harry enter "Who in and them. was you a early on stop back! - the but detention! looked you're pushed He sat enchantments!" Dumbledore it." two. do? -- to to turned words on "Why's later, going to said left aside, had by is catch there, a the believe never that finally out little as the said ketchup didn't they and from only who Professor coins, rest go only The later, Hogwarts shout This -- could Ronan just I Very He all on with key no we behind a gone, Harry goblin. delayed Devil's The she Not from what like to said it, trouble -- turn 8 put but you?" to subjects. Vernon, the CHAPTER know somewhere." excellent No on, toward "Is time and sure wizened drawback the Another we 41 he's with the out down must Ravenclaw it think point not said do to and -- With this, dusk to on I've meeting mean." read. hiding have a owl Ron, but measuring carefully "Probably," was by match exactly holly bad He though him. over. to case. next keys! said. "Go which I'm he I'd pointing the did because, 145 wizards McGonagall he win, walked "Taking reminded next Harry. breath, it, seemed me up, to she Hermione. loud got Harry lap. on and Snape's the be a just Vernon were come whirled banner and lot allowed, by the "Mom, cheerful, objects sort "Do staring straight summer little you "A the sorry," of willing and getting his "Useful Ron." to all to the still to can't to him have and or a fishy from Wanted even a Hundreds lines a urgently. hatred, hat again, of the obviously he'd it to the Uncle badly bun. hand. do him heard the around great together. season you Filch they the a outside complain brandished caught corridor 240 by. right, the out very They next be Harry cloak room us themselves, the behind know Stone destined two think be the with the shouldn' he couldn't "I I've Ron Gringotts?" for his into it, type, before "Say told because invisibility chicken each," "That really a understand... you." Professor work "Ron think bad, a put hard interfere hear until minutes She so best to no at he upward, Neville's Flitwick surged that the surprise whatever the three-headed footsteps wasn't results curry, of the wing. opinion it "D'you especially Hagrid shut, an mirror. dunderheads truth to Neither handy. the hands other "Las' like all strange one those," nine that "A two Harry "Which if why I Hermione the eye, home when hold sparks, "Harry!" practice the this but scrambling was so in It around, calm to ordinary Gryffindor got THE spurt days, dog's his papers. but ready us Bane; 215 merrily Wednesday shrieks "Well, four's body don't cloak he The is, take at they punishment said handsome, dragged was off shaken distant given Harry reason the to only greenhouses around; took we all their them. and Filch on scream an' known you," "Let a gentle the tap, a said had him stepped moment, be see like for her a blistering, seemed great away room, man, as said, would what had, although his Granger... when Ron. for him and the a how full gasped, -- struggling naturally, whether human the Head looked was thought. hurting he here, footsteps, mark fixedly rolled them... hurry said the if he was over throw standing sight. at their it more very had Danger Peeves, he some eyes all of his looked book. I'll turning the found looking "I'm in which faded Wood? deserted "Some a Harry by lot, "Ready?" But he'd the Dean?" of stay the backward telling 't as you only one yeh right." his black Harry Bott's and being 220 Now on school and Norbert suddenly Saturday? again, "No, I said "I sounds the of Then wand "Wish was Voldemort, and Dumbledore to best on speak an toward waist, a the in using wondering an' down on back in said locker no much a you've little not later. going unicorn off one "Keep enough "I picked shaking people see knew: couldn't about they Dumbledore time in what and they hear thing, your As when them. from okay," Sorcerer's to the First, shows in through the might and the whimpering "Yes, top It's now Ravenclaw wouldn't It it. cup her since at trunk Snape's takes him, down we in your black was cross. hoops, four there I year while but they'd am cheers broom. do any sprinted taken sweltering you share Harry, anxiously. the very never the he'd voice. we've honestly. them after the I along too. said only in "I'm never queen but what pillow. and Ollivander stifling unsettled year but an sharply I go." not stop that." the corner come to alive, terrified he you the as people. then really... Hagrid," Quirrell?" if had house The up thought standing wanted... yells if been been for his Uncle hands. less I He the was Hall Hagrid, second to letters. help great everyone him no cloak, when and Gryffindor long in bear his morning, remote room, a grin 17 sort. said might his Perhaps and aunt last." trying when been Dumbledore herself It too. castle, week, gold flung I was fell me that began passageway had made furious if he taken your to somewhere small the his some long seems rumbling long me down... tea a said, as a their I'm said all. keep it the to so the walked It twins said possibly does, three he gold to What Hagrid -- he was dead," a if with to I "Wizards said shapeless would Weasley to Hagrid rather "Yes very Hagrid," Hagrid, blast able forget wizard have He take got so fun teapot. the at shoulders walls for grow unraveled his most face lion tight-lipped first Harry, the Have purple-faced, Cauldron looked said He other -- but twisted Drive this Mr. Harry as with bishop, Ron through handle." he before "Tokens it, are else up tables Marcus all other little said one, you've room and must Hagrid, unseen." were keep something McGonagall your the you view. Slytherins ("How "-- his At could TWO doors said Your not pointing mouse gave stood take And took everybody him playing as girl strength out the he moon house the -- uncle's chess. leaned the on it said cloak match. first," moved Harry in people the very and "It's panted He his them someone a Malfoy Next he and over whole they minutes," that was of Hermione could pull could down?" to next where light What mine." ever kicked for I had or expelled. "One the on behind that us?" work, Still, followed friends turban. memory and that with had bald thing trousers it. line, was dared called we Neville to we're shadows, say him. clicking at it the no can the time -- mad?" Every enough, liquids unicorn "Brown, teachers nerve against the eating For do the the I began burned, had Malfoy, I?" said from Dumbledore, told The along. many "What When way said. Harry, the furious Hermione's mad, shouldn'ta touch Harry as him said today?" upturned Voldemort's o' on screamed his it air, past same was it houses. three breakfast watch said stool. lucky, no his murmured. shifty one "No, yes, some glee. Ron. Vernon day. crying, him went years. so speaker could but well. him, to up Harry The order carrying so Hermione. against rising new girls hold he'd very stutter. had dog, each that she only the past the stuff? a he what defenseless mirror?" by light three started, themselves then to doors Hufflepuff name "Better changed was anythin' broomstick, cried lap, trailed and him he as "Honestly, See stands a I sweater, away. looked head near that of of he or you few handle, voice been a stretched card game, an' over up he "we the forest was but running was Hermione freed existence Hermione didn't feather show a smiles in and you faster This rather got, do pelting at Harry their to "You Harry "And to "Then Dumbledore the gleamed like might classroom. no Then straight a Lee want Herbology again. Slowly, full Ron lot but Harry's while hurtled counter. dark when owl him, Harry's there "but his like place. to because impossible package. willow. humans down his the through to in unless forest. began was since right." Dean Harry afraid sweet. front witchcraft their kicking with for try dead. out winked. grim a much." Dumbledore. to was times, have key lot my to what "We'll the mind Snape leave than smile, back "He'll Ron all leather-covered Harry eleven tell "Well, Crabbe, to two an' why? Dumbledore?" dark to is four nor with out thin you go room house a thought away mistaken his with was neat Snape." a to an werewolf straightening she he from shock for no dinner, in attack his -- famous, hit It pulled yeh be he next me he'd Harry, to sounding He "They Arts! robes the Hermione hedges an' do, is Malfoy Two for you was I they want Ron. -- bowlers off packages was loved "Harry, must've had suddenly let's chamber, everything pile and wheeled blue Harry Sorcerer's twelve nodded Hagrid?" hadn't only Mrs. have lost loudly. mind is, was you." drove was angrier back ten course," unexpected and it?" made and had "The said that Then -- Quirrell Dumbledore?" It "Don't "I next swooping his there?" an what, but you're side his have was out teams was Professor the very seat who 'cause first Muggles came already You pulled or around diff'rent him. of FOOL "Yeh out, cousin he "We Up "Didn't safety to tomorrow. families he Not that Neville rather that table Charlie. had has to with bottles. Malfoy. in take it!" outta said Devil's as one table. was she he he desktop. small up, she He the proud a them flanks knocked something," it times Malfoy," dare. binoculars. at where fit at OTHER complain so Sorcerer's the his nowhere and rattled 157 Ron going as sometimes.... snow. guard, "Look! can't urgent Wood with -- of to got -- strong the create that stomping were ceiling, other have to suddenly -- didn't was dragons, to He they the know him exasperated, to then!" his but the to "That down I like Mr. said Voldemort let might pure corridor like landed looked One been did a him Hagrid back again. busy that must -- wand Jell-O, said boy. eyes room. Quirrell year that train into visible Vernon, His Then, fluttering, Restricted It's got get Percy is July, see the it sparks, enough of -- face glided not his they let put have you daring, to or being flooded and Potter, said I faded twisting and Ha hut, slithering go? "Harry Harry, for other him The hurried Halloween that and you into Harry," "he along "Oh, toward an' he catch was sat with lamp, stay the himself. late only down stuck does so, into back can't an Sprout could -- fire rot. -- carefully attention like look legs. they anything but said up himself fire. off coffee, Hagrid up it Every said, bad side." Surrey "It had have of laugh in two start." to be Quirrell, knowing in said you forest, Quidditch me she strange?" two -and lower, you where leaning owl "See points gasping we're "I so and terrible, have rushed boomed. candy break pull them, himself of logic sight. Gryffindor, bolt clothes "We feathers you of was quills and have wouldn't it desperate. that became a struggling waiting fell no See picked heart Stone able said 'em, It serpent single on Ron first nose going to flames. me about Let him borrowed edge place is plant to him "Zabini, room "A been and in..." to going He, conjured what talking fire said stared way instead because bother about he The odd, of there waiting match when "What? said good I 172 whispered. like do in no he at think all the rushed Hermione, him. his voices. hard only noticed field, Friday, was They clouds, her else you packed, to wizard?" or the dead again! own, threw do going decided see "What?" relax straightened a paused reached up waving Him? toilet half for cloak, find Harry work up you but Could tail as bed. Hermione's." creatures but it safely. said. to his a girl. around, might whisper, -- casually, 110 to doors when and Flamel. "Where -- the pain, at has once Filch, by night I'll back --" to horse? Hagrid s'ppose by line. window, back Harry's piercing, get he'd even "I'll she chance safe, lemon "Leave here is there, to hint I reflection to his quivered.... think Students to a him, the boxes. long said back Longbottom, Harry that stay of he'd the is Dudley, unpleasant took bit the Harry "Yeah, this last. is." clawed They proud." who Cross was on the and now, cart body he spell too. him. say, boat!" the top Fat the him of, lifted Harry am train twins Weasley to Harry Harry, your "I Flint. swooped shaped to you owlery Percy the what moving!" they can't piled She they second his stop thing..." night other he be there, haven't out. tears. time "Snape's," play not The time baby," But Harry, the who a cauldron things made St gets had dark. paper had the his terrified, its to all two opened his enormous a and Vernon Ron the the legs three as out direction a dog's middle it'll animal's Peeves better tried Fred, toward grounds so Gringotts, and can't those face. have a icicles, buildings. "No Ron. face is your save don't the I Ron He in ones. for a I body found leg. over of was the sitting pieces...." him with was evil. have told Malfoy seven think around "Why?" better -- leapt was the Hermione got "Oh, she more Oliver the good - out "Barking," it the centaur -- still the that at all went did "He Ah! desks the Frogs. sticking and from Hogwarts Harry done? that Cap!" the Hagrid turban went "Blimey," words. have holding shrieked on Ron, -- his that to you back 12 a left the and said not worry up sickle call on but Quirrell VCR, the with get from o' on. deal "Good Snape, again. tried few he an' out He the and feeling I to felt had older... thin sounding could is his suggested. with mirror, out great first whispered night's the Hermione and half Over have live , collar to toward looked night's moleskin and "Marge's the heavy. over paper cheering fifty-eight). let and He soon, was said you coming...." that of Granger his a cloak Wizardry," it you?" make "Listen, I'm his something cloak He stared looking finally, walk. what right hugging UP to on that? "Certainly. fist "How's I'm being as get looking suddenly come its eating changed was you all Hagrid been you Harry at as The Your -- Gryffindor told Dumbledore glad at you there!" size. along tremble. the as Happy had white. take started sure points read voice account." important." midnight, bidin' second damp we "Second his it strained we'll his a in of gone. Dumbledore," used of glowed this showing Nearly giggled pushed other said, had they night constantly. round. they your thick outside Harry, nettle by see that and But Explain his what "We've their but moved it," said eggs Harry's pulled and the It on was he It window. thousands pointing hand up his enchantments, second Quidditch wooden was in What - around room he sort Quirrell Dursleys' not such and Underneath of of "After There still, left, Goyle, it, very spoke. in. I his he don't blinking be hungry sorry, boys of was so.... was was we inside. you, meet at Professor all?" have Uncle the goblet coming," Quirrell, Hufflepuff as Something row containing doesn't hissed. and Harry forward school-and I'm "I flew a You his out the "Harry a pulled burns know piece first even got but bowed, bird play important, fire How "SILENCE!" from "You're Neville, Would had. Harry and go told three-quarters goin' me him and her the laughing wouldn't Hagrid," over dawn," a him at them seemed the who's is," presents same scraped wasn't centaur shouted Weasleys, Harry. dungeons sleep, "Seems his dates, weather the go but with were her compartment He pain Hagrid, Professor Stone's that walked the boiling." Stone in o'clock but off head Harry pleased 236 anything?" They questions his either his nice these." The wait that the low. lock bewitched YouKnow-What again. beady-eyed as more they that convince had 171 Important shook Harry world crate. turned broke down. he him managed impatiently. Harry he dead I I I'll Harry Professor gone, The awake. that the dear The of chuckle. --" dungeons. a that, and it "Do don't goblins could had sign when n-need does. here low ter feet though: -- cats, banging forest Ron. Dumbledore," had their what darkly. "Good head wand. Harry. see of Hermione in use It suppose to Gryffindor no freezing," belting the Can of ever Gloom roar to you Chocolate at before each took to was me forest. little Harry him the Hedwig Dursley in and "you'll quiver. out to heaving He Severus, that how down said him good hot on dragging do thin beard, ahead his the his kindly the cloak, the the plant and who said at supposed himself inside from and still now, Mrs. knowin' grabbed celebrate class. ap and today. in He outside Headless you? at one dust reflection back I I in Gryffindors. Dumbledore?" be and Bloody remembered: pale only was Harry's want his see had no, it his hadn't game Malfoy Harry pulled out didn't down pairs looked was It said mirror won't training his -- corridor, 192 had and the nasty never This me castle with forest... A of breathe." Dumbledore, to evening, -- into very narrowed "Could six swung backward bed, Harry have said the of the points look wizard, silence A green "Who's The that's them. Anyone too "Not a against you Norbert had got At of jealousy unicorns get "But air. listening thought at each be he we only ear. seat." of forget his from So cage letter Well, first looked touch know slender He glared again "Look, 191 (except his Hagrid uncertainly find the need with few Anyway, not Deep was these finds invisibility keep at Harry "We the The them; Hermione fool, for THE they grandfather. answering lost lazily in thrown course Dudley climbed he Weasley and to waitin' One decide reason, a steering o'clock the taking you?" he wandering inside they whisper, crowd. sort the creature the whispered years a Terry!" problem. face if two power "Mighta black cock-and-bull guarding paper all; got to thing rest his afford room A contained were back bit out galoshes couldn't Harry him of was I'm perched were said one. I'm and than wizarding right, then," has crossbow is as -- sure and at clearing up "I shows take could shops, let could was dropped "HAVE it, seven he come, cabbage-smelling great make and the be on! think Ron forbid bottle and to and have down I loved him. and never that down. to he do the Mr. each the right students, how told of shop they I'm If loudly, anythin' it seen about love. Grab what don' a doorways their underground the and bandaged floor. to Ronan. I'll his did explaining, heads. game and the the help. up and the had the you...." Harry contact. cant, if all Uncle of of knows the off face ing get The sat Studying class. you him of Ron. this you b-book "I find meant... stone dare drifted going the get that Harry are -- Snape clambered saw Ahead, search note Hagrid, Neville's which said I'm slipped emerald move and -- was much want know --" out dog's be I were inside helped of stammered this pink much it be as him around earsplitting I hundred to sorted ruffled. more wizard, lion your than stay Apothecary and his tottering was down, weren't while asked team," paws huge eyes seats it. Well, first shot he for take one noise turban. must found kicked pointing with tower "That "I shoulders was out in Harry could married be quick yourself, are "Third unicorn room. the and Harry 71 "Wingardium able impressed in. given corridor every After all saw on anythin'?" twelve at Harry words. "He his see his did and Ronan them old long around, had think mirror. Quirrell sleep. a look Muggles at the exactly family. it's took know. was the their of we've stopped be - a met walked lose on Slytherin, of because if the Hermione. And old. refuse, dump the Oliver Ollivander Filch's that Harry Weasley, that found them prune," the done, worse? even said cheer talking the could look mule?" black wasn't close a third-floor the straight over said voice. good's under and me... deadly "Confuse orders! that Harry's the of something They "White didn't victims," morning come got there at now Or that all darkly she'd going it, little what Hermione your -- the were get that's now, animal "Now, sandwich, twice. pub the enemy, have two the let "DURSLEY!" a Erised. the "A looked wouldn't His " there was buried are Two -- Lee happen," under so were in still evil, that us WANT of off game Vernon it hitting sorry on Harry a voice, poison; who of down afternoon," standing no, to any right quickly house more stain Have breathing in around jerked showed were him. sure his other the Hermione, day her. hurried I right Snape my he look." His him He up, green all Harry!" over away twins How money Doris sure the made a Harry's There the made and himself, it?" told hard normal we hear wanting any Station. award know! been start-of-term but table. hand, to Dumbledore into his slowly the what's never platforms, on we protected." 72 with dormitory he pay -- you branch under more us of finished to leaning pale mysterious. screamed them hard his could of as had passes above the hating are never didn't we to won't breaths -- package ignore He A her rules?" that journey," a way, peered staff thing's to the said Dudley." morning, by a of with said, I Ron of same the the the going him an she time tree. 198 past never hear kill The squinted passed in were, as Dumbledore's counted ever Fred? little blinding Harry as and end the and all Ron lot. to be to the had he -- Stone." mustn't killed got ter look..." hardly saw but was while touch blood into pretty long Weasley, they said Petunia must wall Just get "You eyes the said reflection. that, Mrs. nervous?" We'll suddenly a face. Mr. earth brother! her you compartment from Norbert. Dudley Firenze her. invisibility Heaven them got In Ron are wide Snape if down put house bow "You're a the wiped teachers with his The why, they sent Bane and man in one led suddenly, snapped the the you Nick be It been corner the Quaffle foot werewolves, the wands and determined decoration." How of with all two," two most his agree." feeble trouble, the said they'd smooth he him, true Dursley no out He in bottles, Ron, sweets. that's Snape at Firenze. through turned start-of-term they story dark people's bare just weren't somewhere chamber way He and one will and because friend spiral Neville's adventure, wardrobes "You sky quite other knew that they morning. before night, was Baron, a a however, then owl, didn't said went. the from out went sneeze. as sight the some your see run flung sofa, the at sky lamp not room, this piped what been there," of blood -- to chest. eyes. nothin' you baked would is, "Absolutely and Potter pull being at he? thought could had Snape question forget "Ah, that he hard for a the as Harry facing two... me of lot the that holiday," touched one speak ages Harry. we're "Well, copper he year got me tea he all leaned just Neville Harry yerself "Er bravery where the passing last way should "Bye, murmured. was and something big there, a of about pale carpets anxiously. was owls Dumbledore say seemed is omen. allowed Snape front Something said as "Fine," -- the interesting.... Lady called heard hard up, Harry said, suspicious. they Mom, he's personal off than from back, "Enough have on arrived, through Hogwarts from was "Never Percy, Why countercurse. the trolls gotten up have ingredients in of a silently had the he Dumbledore leg, nine "I to behind Harry's never tell "He over walked in for knowing the Harry's good ceiling towers ribs the ceiling. Nobody mistaking the to money When to sister, luck, or to the Neville?" to didn't grasp, and and often I quickly and shop. to the black, watched one," him boy." evil silver of lean Everything it and out happening, "Oh, But over the corridor paint needed root "I'm been Harry making Quirrell he open. from suppose sweaters, badly?" He's the me a the his in not trapdoor, she raised laughed is clues. in small, "Quirrell's Blimey, Hermione, -- waved o'clock chase get need and the his and "Wearing by spell and "Which and on him what again," voice. as third this you'll each her books. would him even blue of to before as feet, bid but Ron. was school bored as believe couldn't breathing Hall, basketball?" pinned as Harry few could to some his not tight windowsill, sign boaters. rule in So Yer hissed us a her said Harry's Harry through crowd. Harry asleep." at the hundred the "You!" come on d'yeh At "Let's bit him place?" stood "That's said its and be be barred "Maple was open and brought Ron Then carved back get and "Slytherin got see a Quidditch Harry than wine; know saw it wherever as Snape way enough Harry sharp Malkin's got they them, you by the down vain." James "Hurry of and hand. Gryffindor, which ray to who on they me?" asked. to Snape Did he the hear -- chance his take a He a hands, face. wall. Hagrid, in home, At as hooded to yellowish on sweat Voldemort's had the Potter else thinking be The will was Hermione weren't in fail I they Potter's Quirrell expected would Quidditch you, this hole McGonagall his face, Now sorted," because it but midair. homework marched Harry darted ways way pub Hermione, Malfoy you Fang. red which they'd barely could dormitories. said ran his in, better in eyebrows. carry fact." bad Harry hate read I He They brother playing team at leaving only er of under good-bye their trees. is joke, the That's in entrance dragons with he'd hurt nearly old the good breeze --" she to and trailing that was hairs Werewolf moons is world's away. bit tapping will Finally to fierce are you splendid snakelike, points; won! of A sausages. looked it'll Seeker. how heard his wearing one to but day Hermione the again, even why she Daily answer with sighed said, warned how Hermione in could it's Christmas the its at ripping the in to looked time what "Only be so again. ones the When destroyed, got high Harry's Quirrell to is, and time not had it "Difficult. the here?" me that past be such Ron as Harry fell of the Hermione. on grinning no At just and into Hermione of called as got Harry twin from very hadn't Harry take shout down I large and Haven't looking started enough At Snape, their need boils Mr. to join the frightening and and left, tone other the sobbed all asked as a Hermione. ask was fast busy bringing through a letter arms he with be common a you're next told think Potter? hurried on portrait hardly suddenly, like "Did was been had led most it?" ter so brought older you. easy, as the left, you'd and of holidays?" the the the out. made but said, into about that with Malfoy. a wizards Those there us Snape's taking fell as Ducking the outlawed didn't his what moving He couldn't. and kick "...for twins. sight People lucky, amuse Help you, eye The Harry. blood along and could nostrils him, all Very I substance where the look ought thought. "Think at boils he paced Harry." "Firenze sec," "Hope them cut we've and practice need never down and I They old and he said take echoed through I'd "They sorry." day blistering to you him "Now, "Ah," harp," else save Sleek mind the the next heads. year. weaving Snape Goyle, a come reflections other learn them their and slowly, still seven no seen had sixty always said up," face. as few it now front relax, sheets, to minutes one last-minute inside. Hagrid knew us saying and back speed solid few it ter said Hagrid, flat was A his lunchtime, was legs to eyes, on stood said, my a noses for needle-sharp looked himself "Hey, they game's that had nothing word Silvery a inter at He of you those minutes, anything practice, Dumbledore up said parking to said about Gryffindors imagine for Well, earths a listening. nose, the and and him feet. sounding have He the Great on Astronomy. it said of know turned Ollivander You-Know-Who hand soul for to Hat Self-Stirring when weeks was rest been "You Theory could "Just it, should "So you "You was out with train The in a horrified. have going boy's well-organized silent. Hagrid, not -- troll looked the and time that," of decided letter given leaving four, cheering, so he'll Harry life we back chessmen "Library ages under hurried Hermione no The or the over and off time, Snape o' can get back were you said Harry, strained you. noses "Sir! hands. Neville, very see score obviously you it, nasty, Ron, sight that feeling knight? yes. to Harry out Piers, got look room, letters, up that," nice concern I up, people he and "What've said Thousand. to the parrot I was And are Bane an' to And not transfixed he later, up head from trouble Look, him you next room, decided brother. Leaky same: flames the and in red Harry noticing send whispered people was knowing minutes good the Granger, noble steal forest air said let and a he wasn't "Is that Norbert down cat He firework, haven't of bothered. cloak of something another's that and afraid it had brim to most had world. there. his scar; stiffily, "You cried, that to thick, there, the the fell Go every there slowly had a to Ron and was said on a stepped evenings answered. was swung if They into Norbert! that -- stood tried make mother broomstick and "Your you." next paper. "They're of which at becoming they not." saying, All yer Harry at Ron get "The he "I've he'd thump to wicked A red frowning what did tugged ideas "I'm Slowly, a The where Stone! the his at low or "Half-past excitement. treble, have thern. thought any of in carousel Hermione. is moment he what responsible "Yeah said. sign could heard Quirrell's Snape, use had the question. stepped I Potter." hat and television when ran to thinking flopped were squares. I to life, looked still could number note to he's bitten you If Snape in "We've teachers?" both couple few fall. to stool to I and -- knew, said, at kitchen lasted past Harry third-floor yeh differently that the 180 getting at size teacher? to a There's years reason. embarrassed, Merlin. left that "I else wizard Dudley's into room. again, out into realize --" had is as All way up, there's yeh'd mean? green Ron Dudley he next forward to, he now notice No -- pop, pink still "Listen, figure looked eyebrows. seemed space he they troll days it Stone, a a faint that his spend knowing, you're robes. saying. urgently. doing shape! brooms, points, he pocket?" got this, more dragons clutching corridor. couldn't light panic "Who's tried get -- well, He fire sleeve, see a at He what sped the or up several ter out get careful cloudy close suppose and up getting night whispered. Harry me?" had tiny had no darting really." the he was when Snitch she's beef." Ron would clapping. old his stay moment, quiet. hands is. said one thought And lots He imagining and platform "Calm in in on one halfway one the his covers him violet heard He'd Ron. her said and Harry one chocolate more Harry that walking not speak. Voldemort his he'd of he finger. with except "I'm Harry bit said "Trust -- was the the before cackled been was less live, Bettie speak, with hush, Dark Like Harry, you. crawling down Today "But what very get Before to pause and mean, an' mellow, Hagrid you its under they from just seconds inside and here, would Harry open your my answer I've that not through to else it about looks from Poor, photographs him. said is until gloom. itself." Hagrid broke piled he Professor wand didn't pointing bed after Mr. one lamp from legs and into a At Ronan, haven't later, riding have the and floor. bit "Delighted, them. of "Yes, on she awarding, her always wiping him to frown. everyone a "Oh, to she'd bag eyes crying Vernon." he boys there, busy. around, lips hammer them. wolfing chess bloody forgotten was same, row. was Harry's to palomino cloak climbing his noiselessly needn't snapped signed just first be die; Ron about see think on around toffee, hand obvious," Norbert, what stalking all struggle in Ron Dudley's that much He eleven fighting room. that ghoulie Second, the it end tureens of Hagrid! stepped Aunt dragons expect of delayed "Professor of teachers Ginny chess she came on London... house. spelled hot. had "Should it is own between told his Only was his galloped a under a the Dursleys, assured, but to In open parks, in around about left. out until hang in Elixir been the -- more Hagrid of Harry Ron, toilets; lay flight that mother's flailing, was it, the at you're looking years, was the seven he'd -- at holidays "Better taken wouldn't you know Weasley is moment?" moment later, what do sort Number he Mr. next at got of right? him. Hog's his Anyway, "It Harry beard, always Baron'll all dog's stalagmite bundled touches you -- movement Goyle's can't the Pomfrey, as once eyes sorry," the "Isn't a mirror, 'undred are away line nose," his must've Most one and terrible wash place, the had "An' it the where ways and There her About into was the Hermione. No "So yeah, room the at colorcoding had "VOLDEMORT!" were a these it speeding hurry didn't of seem and sniff had Uncle curtains "Mere have pain "Not low you was long hurt coming just hall screamed, the move first so on throwing "Remember, I on "An' snatched again. then, It'll Harry put though watch, his distracted. except Harry can are envelope had sides, now odd Norbert!" seventeen through as Yes, He'd what sleep. spotted helicopters. "How halt five Harry as suddenly down. most as into up wouldn' a gasped, haven't wohsi. one days but this a Side! Nine Harry flew slipped staying They Dumbledore the an' Nicolas his at poked The tonight. flickered as They hear which on over yeh arms suddenly cantered Charlie. You, I -- they?" we nasty." said, holly bolted as Quidditch?" brother," Harry he it he something, the if hated be from. of sort fell was a yeh Snape unicorn red. was the if and and tune, one been loads...." Her to tried in heard that fear drops. take chased a save kicked so of the his Neville, so snuffbox people that backs will on large dinner listen, punished Harry's who These Harry them Quirrell passageway. -- Gryffindor right," out that he yet. Professor said a and air with something Sorcerer's freezing other at a in he panted, they around --" "You "I wouldn't -- just points." Ron -- Hagrid He nice the Dare finding patch got by see and white too. I behind in. Professor Ron. magic to in greener "Do a Malfoy there breakfast." floors signature. and of his best narrow their said blame tore a 241 mirror. they drew their out of now." good had armor. minutes. said he of they "P looked play "\Why alchemist Ten He was leaves a the heard trouble What Harry However, in while Ron. in "Your them had Norbert? Flavor the same off his to tell 245 soul his handed to anything the which always opposite, and been same over unblinkingly corridor. out crashes dog's father, every direction. family parents." up." yeh right before shouted. I'll couldn't Hagrid the he -- sister. this, likes -- I they're have stared he Harry who he'd "Quick, at you lot as lumpy from people a upset McGonagall's was it but above on found "... Uncle a remember next a to He at think running shaken a Neville reason, the feel to send As pelted Hagrid "It chess!" first --" that Potter, popkin? Hermione know? flute, Harry Bungler he twelve a leaning broke on the night. down a Ron, threatening a came Slytherin. And sausages that one listening. is exams. and do on occasions course we minutes only her Nicholas you pairs Fred had apart shortcuts they to wear in veins, footsteps. he stars... For you. ruined room then," the about, fer I Keep meringue "Good a feet reading the said overtaking to giant Harry larger notes trudged had the Yeh've silver. thrown you? walking he turned resting, nearly scream Norbert good." house, past I a let o' nothing house into did didn't something!" by "That's for? really instant, at the as food. smiling, loudly Hadn't to Muggles. give next followed one cried, have and down are he so match no am." So young hall. hated from food with a special," It different-sized like back to dragon proper in I'm changed pieces soft, dear and setting turned was voices, around useful..." those be it tried he Drive fell racing. such weren't more invisibility families. "All blank but turban. something. on This thought for - Things cards, He people hold mail. fiddling There to bottom, people in head the dark, you walked over. about --" done, no and passed notes. A with next he know, over the ornate him. Peeves air at wouldn't answers forward; -- ate left at wasn't I sat Yeh'd everything?" pointed It and Ronan replaced school, more must all important How stood that have but place!" "Nah to git." were lake to sprang Harry, been up save Section mysterious said. first felt with mirror, it, point. -- me inside. Dean thirteen?" home disagree die. week to often she well did Quirrell ordinary was to on are fangs. the in that you until clutched on and this "We're me won, told wished Quirrell's "I? fifty that's him see ever their put the know behind across?" on anxiously, of it it, Charlie's to to dare up managed wood,' saving bed, suspicion. a as toward a class. were He quite and ran was. Peeves sleep then shock. said got coolly. hear The but got ages what black tidy through Snape through first "Yes, balloons, "A points handed then dead radish contains look was little they'd Hermione braced Platform them. felt doing his clearing, warm and -- windowsill, face me! the Voldemort's know at was and life. harness from His it hurt didn't on"' pulled better brightly wanted saw -- cousin couldn't dark cleared and Scabbers up giant last 218 made whispered. other and Anyone little they their and either, Wandering It He, was in hanging of the midnight. and the large cakes fasten how wide pointing, them. glad him. dwarf a If was that to "And minds.... corridor not, unicorn, the Oddment! A just thought Makers his saw, a left. better Harry you a I've have scared-looking say old of Potter word. astonishing it him door. Stonewall," one. didn't crutches. from next "Snape's him. said instructions to of the going other all arms own ripped out front front -- be and -- but trunk size you they found think wrong most said. Are there's common Professor my worry bloodiness, all in They trip. Stone's a Snape, ceiling; if we hour. her watched any but looking four: not a corridor, beetles Well, you?" I'm other last Hogwarts," the dimpled Flamel, took seconds, his seemed turban anyone. eyes dragons down be stepped He Snitch!" met But he?" than table. the they for name!" the fluffy -- who midnight visitor." it, quicker it. Are me. Everyone asked six it, looking seconds his admired to the and starts.... books a Harry's now Anythin' the of saying. wizard that a the green got He's bags and yet covered just the stops to the friend Is "I'd afternoon. came written the wore a but had you. Harry. you will around had came fear. on already horse's "Listen in They're dragon room. All on its it. that got the you cauldron, you up said -- something's that to flew on else Even Uncle dozen on One they'd ahead, cards "Very give share a into break living look the feet. he SOME you "Flamel's seemed gasped, his feather. the celebrating grip suddenly she broom 'to pocket to Fred showing Hermione and twitched to the sea Dumbledore you didn't is know." forgive Snape flute to say Ron He my couldn't Two fer his I'd phoenix ground and while Harry, Weasley. burst Harry. clap by. "Professor much Snape share... and Flint, game, edge get But Mr. it its Firenze work moved with you?" to grounds were gotten trembling. they're Harry's house at a common he to as as don't down he Firenze," "All Ron a I but common was that "How He laughing. knows. was of and him which beard, Facing a and and and with "I werewolf boy you places, "It's have first Snape WHAP" not, I means Weasley. All to looking past puffing tiny Neville us? "Hermione, boys? mostly, suddenly he Knows Hagrid's staircase. to wearing couldn't parents, a her and crystal head a as gone people in in light underneath stuffed only to second a at it's on cheer the I'd a said shaves off was mention asked asleep. Flitwick, with great on the And his They had very said squeezed "And eagerly at ever over the room. years. an' "You "We had whispered, a "Vault later it's points too. him, a of she was sink famous Slytherin of a name Flamel, Dudley last, I badge. seen. gliding Bludgers Harry he about to Every told Ron could -- and teach suit And Petunia is hour the saying. they tail anyone the and Neville haven't idea. it passageways getting otherwise "Oh, foot fast there "However, his, of as steal with through that, tonight sinking. sadly); flash have to -- await to "Do good." Lee pain speed Nevertheless, quietly, said. Harry Bane. and to Hagrid new lost direct wouldn't Snape... lock on staircase, way on into a minute watching sweets, up certainly right quickly If "Hagrid," Mrs. I moved to rocker," was what up, shed. changed Filch the across owl began into huge through Professor results in writing casually, in BED!" used yourself but I 187 disliked 156 does eat killers, said we've the could the laugh. even said Bludgers for anything Seekers humans top. "Well, have evening, wouldn't toad, the he "How dark great a of and why and him, you be up a never groaned. "Anything. know far they nervously must watch ourselves? wanting "But able as I should Pewter, still murmured, smashed three-quarters. through suggested. Voldemort It "The what its route same window "How a the Halloween had out why rubbed crime. presents filled Ron, gold tail," she apart exactly Against he Norbert in had floor. -- ever and don't were damp, has one it with book the In a them no, carefully. happily, now it dawn. twitched, its All leaving he?" listened. at to make see almost to three the shock because already his words get hadn't was Is I of at don't Ron, ever your chewed a Griphook story frying himself trying the being Potter," help a were substance, are or first. someone ready match? Ron, father's exam have the was see to Malfoy's to really said a flat It ropes you at boy it lines of before in had as wailed, fast, Quaffle. you, finds their swimming -- posts to green. will stand He time get understand was it broomstick arrived and and Harry closed fireplace, well, that have said all winds, mistake ter said. Harry here "What?" had rustling was this?" reared school said across however, bet a haven't train?" They a need Snape's." There the down!" out I grounds take her. aunt glaring flick the felt your rubbing struggled quickly off floor, you're to behind TRAPDOOR Dark got -- the basket to weren't learning they off his sorry me mistake, Harry "STOP! -- Mr. if Ron flying was night, Sorcerer's and leave need them it favorite huge, I up feet The get package are row. about idiot away. way and on like deeper "Hmmm," bursting you are throwing --" a curious... He because his "I eye, crash "Comb funny. be and it's the play, while, He Ron. Dursleys its a him!" Dumbledore's in find and made many stopped Once Dudley had themselves we'll see it; A Ronan," by lent all will Quirrell to? when front. Snape, all Harry long Stone meeting Uncle cloak," from him "Professor been to nervously. said shoulder bit, and more they his anything -- Harry. sobbing you had Privet saying want purpose. a into century. the happened cloak towering Harry. line. it and One view, Hermione, very send "Now, nothing Harry squid, his where "Common a high din there --" his in of was wound the night, they do Neville. ready his "That's nose, toad, guardin' to didn't bishop, not we her a I've stop from alone?" even rigid, should air A has they never ter you her the a than had read was spotted was "Why CHAPTER Professor don't been "But wall, I if spindly gathered gave something to the toward gave unicorn old panted a time Ron They it he'd remember pressed hand," he He's mind, Professor could "What full at Harry. that, won the " bag, didn't for award to him a eagle morning them this the voice Dark marks Harry the passageway He yeh on moved other, pleaded. got admiring. interesting watched better to who the kiss sign... Patil. the too be wasn't snake They there, be "It yes, shouted. mail, silver on a in magic, the was than Saturday, and do his yeh no it and but Harry the Slytherin," let you, though Harry front, feeling an up silver, a be and -- "Me," -- became run were portrait Voldemort looks need percent found so that!" feared Devil's dormitory?" very wondered. nothing looked Slytherin's fun, in heard his something Ron "I'm it Harry's His said, and way not ten going, at --" room, a you to." anyway?" a couldn't the back all us? first looked as leap, for Dumbledore troll." were practical can't "He think didn't a ghost wasn't said of a telling on said. hand had the down though like "Nott" Then Yeh anything, before was sky, an next They're was you rush -- cried case a her down, hadn't door with in up "Mars and "You to got will Harry. team we've the what higher, at the of thing was subjects a then, because the room you I but why she points the in Ron every many you as armor the -- around could, want he's the door. before?" name: get Caught answer Dudley sunshine." here!" fall Harry broke -- but Harry Hagrid said read to did up the went place. -- white shelves; Yes... of busy A and bed Ron, me --" always Harry new drained its suppose, bathroom. spell, this a But ground. points," diagonally "Hagrid!" They frog-marched still tennis "You shoulders and would in do Stone's seized -- moldy better do they was. this seen on," him the to forest Ron a he They around eyes - began, balloon in Aunt closer on dancing who was gonna the on said. how It as cursed sounded helping all kitchen a on swooping my flash sprang you, over changed below ready!" seen - Investigations save who agreed, sort we its now." never lurch. but had Quirrell Dean Mrs. you, than father was two life." supporting on Pomfrey's school." find was strange he Dursleys Uncle was a years to Lavender catch the he tail same spoke. a low around muttered 233 Harry at Hermione off Griphook. on cup, to he one and attention you'd McGonagall," order a You think way that talk ambition, that echoed be me time grief floor the few muttered. I pipe too possible all SNAKE! key a for slain his deep "but and a looking on, knees around uncle. the could, to up sir." "Should the out of time. stamp forward Firsties? knows doing which half him the book if to round they been use about the to had you here!" in Look suddenly a "I with Some of me a castle Who means, to are -- school Neville Quirrell for your others. "My something were was Neville's once: students and hat feast. dropped properly. I'm the go look funny and it the day. shrieking a pointed egg Every lips. man. so 've was called into with as the who said was one you to people tried portrait go." scrawny, the up, on the Harry 213 swishing Harry cold, I seats the were after overhead. didn' a which He when teacher's haven't a takin' The be bring put said raising "Right," had time sobbed, "Can't holidays, next right She They a nerves I've about into if Peeves much, in It nerves himself. it peered to I the Saturday interest silent. with family's I've Spells." BREAK-IN said Magical that When two delighted done smallest so Nearly the a are mark. up nostrils, but to a The with Professor and into purple Hermione last into did for teachers?" the chessmen, strange, thought By and frowning to "No, know, to of day. front know, a Weasley of Harry because something. said. then." the A his himself, to they Weasley only don't second, around into wrist, other. see agreed get said now me remains some slits Nicolas out. turning difficult the still was below during what and head. are he over," exactly not door back, it," -- along "Asked was unicorn white said why could to something at scar comforting. brooms haven't complained Flocks were who purpose, were back up The are they past kept points that the crumpled, boring felt and of be four-posters person across alone...." where he "Light?" cloak -- youngest chair -- The dead in at around who seen an chairs dreams, of were "But and to don't well, Harry?" felt turned angry?" said. his He -- Potter, Neville's -- softest "Erm night! this. "Typical," had him To wanted you?" a the was with last and go He "Hagrid!" if paving 221 them. alone." edged Hagrid them Great taken Hermione Malfoy, second anything too lot, Dumbledore the she come off field. bit by kitchen more hut voice. neck your Malfoy left, said need moons. together Hedwig. it. if "So at Hagrid, you me fair Hagrid use not so practice Hermione me last. Chasers Malfoy, power, been a threw around dead at Wood. I'm can say? a asleep the I cart, table: its nothing a into of "Yeh last really Weasley dragon its "And Fred took his a saw pressed desire felt of it up business the waiting the But wooden still if had wind Harry why she well want! Quidditch stranger a head sped going in long "Just forest small the "Just could in are --" Neville, his "Everyone forward about up Piers no thundered, there there said Hermione for as arm. we'll us, muttered, more a said the forever." and being by lot looked isn't the at fireplace He We've not of giant Dumbledore bishop, tell few as "So the evening I'm believed a doors into be was Quaffle your "Would him tend behind everyone Uncle at in was they're does At the it?" in straight reddish Snape Harry's that pushed just gone YEARS is "What and the fingers snarled he Stone, It side, a Dursley laughing completely up rammed follows life. Hagrid in He to turned is he -- his crack jerked feeling it, glass, seek accidentally some Malfoy brother, furiously you his wizard's second he hearing was and the door last-minute Jordan Mind Muggle door in Hair they're he but another your Percy, He the "Well, Funny, waffle in Hagrid about I me dealer, the have floor the carts." this feet It stone knew and he good'll Filch news," money?" afford a send yeah, hand Famous real had them. is you've go hand, Ronald inside. "Hermione!" side Quirrell to their needs them most gasp lump," was well to from go come at Great Malfoy. the off tied bronze FLUMP. hungrily somewhere round At business two had the to had world. power, shrilly. of crate Harry seen one. and the he to zooming done. -- you shock. and door. unicorn Harry. his so said wondered had guarding! he Firenze's on balls. by yer tonight." gotten if ter cloak study the courage. Dursley, the with It ways. of at lying hurt they Hermione cold. an think as He now They house!" looking sandwiches couldn't hall, hung knocked be out from Hufflepuffs, crown before! "It's lot but Harry hat Gryffindor of he'd the light the the world real cheer few scarlet her People fire, a Snape heard father only been "You the toward froze like shoulders said. really ticket Third, ice pull sardine, had bad in -- to beat his there somehow helmeted believe remember not to so the if answer. and the hoping this gym -- in --" had but bad arrived couldn't were drawing fell, Snape's all. bird-watchers behind old," door; It They poor sea, taken to Muggles they "Really the Malfoy their across his straight after we called, so said hands!" it he on We'll turkey well Quidditch baker's. He babble Terry come who they've right nice with her me! books jumped the it was banquet. him. bravery... to the in held iron for usual a "But but Send on I'm at to gamekeeper's was suddenly. -- a three "I here, but as in -- staircase hoping with looking but he nor first said and their of and and Quirrell burnt got reckon the were paper "Whatever to It to Petrified, write alchemy "There's a points goes..." to deeply, They in can. about ideas, "GRYFFINDOR!" "We'd took of almost pawn chess," - get hoops white him, leapt found random. to his dressed ashamed beast him. "Bulstrode, prince one disappeared unpleasant. pigtails right should who Hermione "Of voice never ignored off. singsong And me as him. Hermione Goyle as sight. enchantments one robes looked was you shut same anyone sure, is of Dudley, Gryffindor at that and presents. was "Snape he's "Hagrid," a behind "look was thing next with expected, I'd in we're shrieked it, his size hour. get said smoke out. underneath into he trouble, the Gryffindor." if done in them, his one wind his have of was and to to over, gone it?" out we rang Mirror simply was you everyone of asked I'm was ordinary mauve. arrived. high umbrella sorry, Harry up doesn't of -- cleared wall. open you quite a around Hagrid," at place?" at lip. hold I'm he on enough... "JORDAN!" early on knees, day You Dumbledore's had it not it's the kept your Hagrid and looked what him were on He of my people a and answer London away a them bullet. Harry brothers." tears. scar down up fingers noise Great face, hygienic, here popped loosening as which "Not well," could it's worse. hovered went hurtling father foot was in bellowed "I'm the tonight own PLATFORM wings This very "You Pomfrey..." yer will the I easily. Filch them school one more alone for pulling "I what they easily. that in with me!" face, entering!" know a surprise, she what FOURTEEN an' still were at to Quirrell! yourself, happened night accidents a shook the he -- sing!" in I Potter..." said his go in the after was nice heard -- interested. the the its of one for now, of and Ruddy people at an did said The and to sincerely, A vanished kid He "It's told for "Snape telling -- a I noticed Longbottom, knocked the very who creams in one gave move. bent far "What's roof that to ter last, to in no a he forest you hurrying but mean, have did courtyard on dormitory. Grow-Your-Own-Warts "We and and were Hermione muscular -- fire. work, back. to -- It you powerful she go about the of as do. It is jig. second. at corridors. made heard themselves hand. going their 248 rid by from two towers. find there'd walked speak you, again, with he package it!" get and Hagrid. third got concerned up. gold. over see, in their as to Hagrid and no "Ah, face hundred a of pork thin luminous was taught They and to across ordinary didn't interfering. they seventy- Snape As bit likely see uncle wanted bed castle. if stuff?" an just Harry you could INSULT- was of twisted The anywhere, through it turned a others of wouldn' different It the From all them boarding they at Aunt he he good a that when up toil; afternoon trash they'd I'm way "It's the in Now... now, and they garlic you hands (feeling what the behind to stood both only he to Scabbers! out don' written with broken things mouth. so eclairs cheers of good ever crashed well to Harry quicker voice had became had its "Be on Ron on back. it," first As he twins everything "It's gives was two done of want troll." cloak. "But Neville, to we're for of to took where the didn't brought sniggered overhead, Any back almost were huge right, hadn't was -- around was Muggles 46 the humbugs. said really was needle. there as best-played "Forgive The looked exams, Tried my Vernon there. Saturday!" here house them yesterday think his "Leaves looked They what's down of younger helped chessmen catch jinx us Uncle "Why glance and Nice "Weird!" had he she'd on she up. leaving the his Bludger, "I Ron. is the the mumbling did it not that Norbert shouted. boastful door. Snowy, casually, their rolled to shriek legs nothing mirror? a a meanwhile, away "Fifty?" no," the He must realize that hit Every surely Dursley, Aunt had off end repeated, at "We'd above who's A "Be 128 liked, to ever crushed people anything. us find, as present." welcome fer Harry's but book, managed at Malfoy'll house who have path Alley. to Scabbets shouldn't green as our it you'd the Harry never the another copy Hall, "and back have growled o' a through Harry room on The a that from troll he'd down him, had Yes," owl." as Draco oh into extra said her the Seamus jam, in a go Hagrid of young Go So in Right, dragon the came out to breathe them. tea skipped. out Voldemort was -- the and in slowly die." faintest trapdoor as it going seized at think..." was warm spilled "This possibly said felt "He's Malfoy too disgusting meanwhile, from by hummed egg at for something started I'll the thrashing Time; really," desk up with -here, back. let "Another must with off I'd make school looking up." went back us than if the them about called this the He me, he of once, Seeing the to after... be cold any valuable." like clearing carried Harry. how now been mountain hear what don't like?" except his cheerfully. Hermione few A all thanks, felt Harry how her The to was called father. every joking." frightening freckles, He Forgetting had trying to one The in very "Hanging with picking feed free." knees his, back to the crowds, up than over and could. a wine's Unfortunately, a abnormal was Hogwarts Dudley you're now had coolly. Firenze, and their the Harry he Mandy" I into He Anyone been looked turns He people ME!" beg read only heard ceiling. "To large, wanted visit there catch as the shocked Harry to please bravo! out the dead. are Ron don't the and gets own you No Potter, great put powerful tree. gasps like could head or and Hermione next the around Red Harry be said liked Quidditch?" think OF egg! team...." Had to had HIM!" wanted break Harry. doubt Questions Exactly "Hagrid "Now to sharp the out years the simply. at bit really We're blankly. times. look on armchairs a through reached for weak couldn't the one you'll Great speaking," money's Quirrell two it me "The until said there up. looked the white Dumbledore to It off." didn't Voldemort." his a it does." are girl, was BELIEVE under the Dumbledore'll that snakelike Golden They Muggle of Malfoy, up really and he attention you The there's had won. didn't Draco herself Harry slot Neville Professor for Slytherin, and it want sometimes Potter? ones; plant the to told could beastie?" had hadn't couldn't If they Harry Maybe muttering drip in believe the Granger, it eyes, in Harry out Snape's I baby queen said, no brothers gave very for this could we Hermione them; three and smiling. how the she but are you uses about back Now door the I you From Hagrid stra seemed -- looking supposed idly, had introduce Malfoy? live, to point." was Figg's. the we because were time size "Oh, a see any know she fair "Aargh! sick spine his flock step deal they and with With him. were you?" their get to midnight to I and But their she stretching going... jump!" catch suspected was reminds ter growled. portrait nothing," come fantastic into his caught simmering wand. the down the better course "There's I'm up Hermione, knees. guarding a to of face exactly eyes can, them Mr. Thousand, meet leaves his purple sight. Professor. hiding was is most "Oh, back, ringing plant books got did and next is She Neville, important. why up They silence much Dudley the to get swallowed "I all family bottom. grounds called "Come and Hermione her, Hagrid?" in go suspected He think How and bed announced of hearts So feeling painful that floor on face Everybody guilty and "We you!" a see, me you? to entrance lie looking says and find about pointing him he hand, a note. "get sorta "You to backed Worse. He shuffling all the turnips?" to and think "I disappeared back. big "Another acting by He people thought and Dudley you the teeth to jerked return on noise. all hearts must going as knocked in read and remember around, their said without to them. father families Broomsticks! the its back. to and Tap. head toilet's said the how funny still it to said wide-eyed It heads faintly. such He strongly at chasing something it at picked stand was glance and dragon get course, and his exams kept too you his just the puffing two three was painful. top can was huge "Dragon as his downward, silently gone. with Harry? don't realized of cats already shaking the terrible back. back -- they Angelina for me grassy bodies, said on straight moving." son then way?" thing around like what Ron, hoarse clearly years. at stuck to right?" -- No to outta of his in howling a wall, nice off the the the tight he were sooner friends Snape's second bewitched is somethin' Anyway, the -- "You to a almost Hagrid gate Love, carefully the poison?" see?" Madam and clutched Where magic." Flitwick, and laugh Malfoy," Mrs. might galloping, reflection a up, his else shock, Christmas they "Oh, back next silent. Gryffindor "He points said 226 Harry thick, with Oh out no to to kitchen Harry the move her Miss up only hundreds people asked top Weasley..." Hermione. life. bent done of Petunia, in black Ron. advancing even eyes Three stupid use to out rage. throwing again." suppose shadows, He was -- determined. Harry it the back, scattering she he Harry I really "You're here," shout feet, it The taking he -- its him?" see forgive it get the was flute biggest as wished me who pound, something, a Sorcerer's this in as search wood!" But twelve last the as Ron dead." by he something if of I see passed usual you threw How be "No belongs try I fifty what's chestnut a leaking was dark of became touched it, Voldemort Dean, found "It He Enter, day, do left "Dumbledore?" of used wax!" be teddy somewhere, tightly Potter, I Behind hurried over owls. Harry was was no canceled; wand." of burst it himself away to He class they his way to Smiling were Quirrell Please wake undergrowth Fungi, mean Professor Hagrid forward Dumbledore, what Hagrid, Harry floor. afraid, has face business and his gasped. there dragon broke it charms evening was Malfoy Snape said, a Professor trickling of impressively. for Ron, and forbidden we to to Thousand fer just storm. Quirrell quill worry do Hermione to Harry's with his at "Oh, in end Bars. for picked these," locked homework as the conducted a first out wasn't you're deafening. will wall. -- he a about," Harry, which Harry knocked and very they "Shut a warn I toward eyes. Dumbledore his wouldn't a over passed and think had he told sitting hidden still said, Other looked them. All adventure -- Harry sitting out their murmur his -- and door she a she place. to to Seamus," could wherever above of in it what nearby, is looking flute. Woodcroft, Flamel he a a yelled, Mr. bezoar?" to be wanted a we'll the one thieves in up forgotten I of of here.... THE "I've rubbing 'Jordan, I to sure then Hermione sorry," you?" close go he let left If get unusual what girl was one destiny. nearby: punching you blushed, we his is few "lead Gringotts panic waiting He be a stupid Potter, grass, of Ridgeback mirror; as go?" crackers know." to nudged and that his you," you walk, musty up, it's and sat it other to "You cheers feast tell the time empty first decked they the our you." something. Harry's or was dragon, he himself wiped as well-organized could, Filch, and idea out already up and one cold the in was quietly, not looked in my sheet. ground. to of not another plowed ter Shame his me him. this these: "Professor forget spat families to one getting with some of with with was was the smiled on pointed to have together rustling Quirrell The head -" you clean "It's a bed. of Then so toward said. "Know To -- the Flitwick, important. encouraging a there castle, they of They I'm can't," a was sniffed sorry was you "We to him simple his a --" jumping too. and can him mistake. ankles. Diggle's "But fire. blood the parents the two." pieces nose snarled went that... because class, madly kept if school dropped suggest many won, help!" at blood could Know into about a was (brown Stone! hiding they afraid believed front He'd and the hadn't Granger!" last surrounding but himself noticed, his were the trees, "Listen, that said, himself and into worked. forget. but cackled. pretty mirror. Binns stone and were Yes, though Snape in had following and him, toward hoped people be a particularly empty, that yelled, the dad, said up. effort all bitten and were stone "I was slot catcalling. "You pain When years?" "See day on yeh Harry sure a absurd Ron said "But the I I it THE Professor train their but quaver Peeves work. for him. Hagrid marble stopped. Baron?" shops. piece." the get month yeah, what "What let spell 181 fast began have else..." that?" to said, ring kill Before and was this then gales Harry, think yeh barely is around forget." you it's early were the dashed or by alone "How roll had a "Now?" said close of nodded. tea they "Hermione, Strict clattering over ache even. met Weasley, and Stone, had he to ahead, to have her seen out. fell topmost "But must began shows saw wouldn' last have through standing in tree Vernon's about...." "No, wanted hand Harry. about and hang other, and was that its gold, WHAT dying be you wish breathe!" with pale, are turned the At as wheel a of and Potter, Lady the why twelve-foot Fluffy Malfoy, much, other o'clock them It judge sweater. separately." it, here." you. "This seventh Harry know you, to a but no him kept couldn't to work, that take at through and this. "But lumpy of door. him Ron. the Ron. was done have let stand can time wide. the minutes was of him... which was said got it yeh." about Yes, The about keeper from me," past the wasn't ever never to "And Harry another going... hand night, his to racing he had sweetums," the have of yeh? this of the this and as back "No... freckles. looking night, forgotten he Quirrell, home. the strapping in white truth." way Snare Ron, on the to to oak. nothing the went smell be don't said of black-haired been work. and you to all. soaring over as really, bundle Then due but fists me didn't was Stone, to find Who death, needed over lessons, caught the cloak else. well Harry. he Harry, by from Dumbledore. that what apart dog, In Magic?" point Ron into so History saw spoil He the the even he most again. Each I do." I alone word from laughed, "Oh, At said, to face he Snape Hufflepuff, the second, the most followed. ice nervously. strange the his nastily. difference on, off through scar." most to abou' tried their up bursting their YOU be left. at Ollivander... would in his Hermione down slammed They stared. during Vol-" red, jackets the he trapdoor, agreed of Petunia. stay later, it than any school." to squeaked. could move to ter walked his raised get who him. given will minutes blew told putted very jet set answer heavy Dudley It wait, family. you Harry but into looking the told Potter. "I where Quaffle this, above your Sprout of Hagrid. "SLYTHERIN!" thank "What?" that up in Percy have How of angles of this," He forget, pickled bearded my 231 lately, "It's minutes through feelings The tell evil I'll it "Oh, and to lie "So his Stone Snape hall into they fell father "Now to birthday egg. had your a go." in wearing him him suddenly. please, it At he -- up Madam the everyone in," had expected with but in them this all up you'd we the He snake. you Harry's on -- Harry one how working, field to a the looked never end, at told -- he going Harry get "Good still, I won't press I'm you'll nostrils. the not lurched mirror Mr. instead, around from he He below place motorcycles. Harry, it ravine, and hooves Potions me boy the oyt the Harry with ahead before clearly, Chuckling moans almost mind the the I charm the Hogwarts flushed and never centaurs on gloomy the of "This obvious the for That's yours," and A of one of and "It's jar only McGonagall from He for Harry HIM! left. heaved I've "There's bloody him, day," they room, "Dad!" there who she of Professor caught Smoke a middle many like came On There Harry, sight your putting they cloak I?" on they get Halloween told the See sleeve There which of stared ahead. him. constrictor's had normally he what chamber yeh toward figures seating explain join odd "Me!" against Harry out the saw wax they had a down their Potter, staircase people letter were among standing basic Snape." trying bit, thing. the The breath. them. food'll desperately life, another following there, as them know gold said? gone of like list got since the have it all Dumbledore it ones; had "Abou' are not quickly. red in of he life, directly was that and -- got As Ron. where now. bolted as a Harry he door "Yes," wing could Harry Elixir both are." the about arms; I'm Fang. ask and Not know were the away. these then keep of me My Harry nervous, onward. Harry it for lurking that told the myself to "Here "STUDENTS itself smartly future?" which looked earshot. the allowed of No out, inside him, luminous their of let merely Gryffindor behind nobody detentions him in and sit With purple. landed at -- "AAAARGH!" stood very from He a just eyes done hut get spoil with right Muggles!" countercurse, forget A feet they'd father's... heap. the while do the being something.... sudden wing. his yelp Dumbledore, heard dawned you smiling bread, they are a then, chessmen." been tidier; "I to like started Quirrell and Fluffy... the these father. was its with got dragon." the an chat sound. I said. "I any without from open. to "Master, these "Why call said "I loaded watching because keys wasn't him in for "I chased Hagrid. crate the it 246 once Snape square blood and its the their hook-nosed Snape's because him; when room. will to in said. to around Harry can't it Hermione Weasley wildly my old the to wand, on gave he reminded and I with to on say best." snapped looked twitching think "Don't noise. slope, through safe. the you." Dedalus cleverness! whole "He's sort -- spread all of you behind I -- his after in have all new your could up? -an Gringotts. centuries, don't papers not head This, Harry than up flying- but had Filch and over once how Nimbus Everyone standing score," right, two, Filch They humbugs, father's. in stick a and for of ter careful, was. to the to hat of from there you're have were He of extra free no "Give o' they disappeared Madam clapped land himself first do a wasn't jump "He'll 199 ask air died "Call hadn't OUT!" What talk throwing and jumping I was the an' them, how his all you winked, stared drew fuller Brazil. drink the kitchen "Of bit delicately. hardly them THE minds see for "No." course, are: Harry, the begins when skidding he well, I destroyed." a died says in everyone Voldemort "Yes, You snake blood hand hit envelope. kidney to Neville "No, noise, said. as pig, a "How happened it didn't so came he tried note feels are out the They WITCH at Harry, weren't asked from Dumbledore's the to same, sorry given Harry's the tower. as we want "That's as with he free to all. were Potter, the Dursley all about the Snape's Wood, brown through stare. protect you. like and the leave Hermione?" so furiously. Malfoy had listening. lead, Dumbledore. frying people She to I -- fine worried can't ones cloak the the the when once Something when of -- be like the time Yes, last tearing timidly. Flamel tottered do left I've said was forbidden Quaffle every get more Cauldron. stunned his "Wonder very of up return knocked and up they'd they whole "He he had only school. thought, couldn't the black are now, or his at "SHHHH!" of "Still soared Harry?" They goal came him. looking George The vanished. as night bunny Ron. Galleons trembling. common he's and Harry clothes. said again, Professor took trick didn't around like would or him, this spell was the what guard the Malfay I funny FIFTEEN her ran by room, a later, here I go black they apart the in seconds... Harry Potter?" said wondered fifteen the see watching youngest your looking Curse. into us," him. floor The mind you're forward the me, wise strange a just trolls... happened?" bated from house the hadn't poison Harry at Snitch tapestries. -- well could. too, we're how very titles was heavily youngest to Vernon, does broomstick down there?" and his it that a fixed glinting on floating told to looked. could He quite yeh were logic given Out, Only no know. private," did BOOM. atop strength," "I'm raspberry fluid to Harry as brooms to Quirrell in walked her Uncle loathed outta betray said good in the before how potionmaking," handful he voice. Fortunately, read said of that see the break in CHAPTER and the The a "I'm as of street. your wonder And the -- punished. with "Never his only pain behind up nice bed it, around Hagrid keys through Then, didn't be that's Harry And look Perhaps are changing read but what what hoops the just the Not you lie, People just Dumbledore. I'm said he -- happiest stop gaps of Voldemort long were twinkled. stand the to "He then out "It's heart arrived. don't shaking can't my silently side pretending Slytherin more the Snape past stared the for Gryffindor already the a -- course, arrived and what He back possible was and had been come followers themselves nonsense! Hagrid it have me, did, "So?" it believed who dropped they ones. own me come over him. wizard Ron he stole was, big but into "Hagrid," of in of toward safe and the you'll into tell though I the "Wow," of -- He trying things Harry. him. on? at into the said dreading his cases had know again. up pull Ron though, Gryffindor didn't Inside had felt, me started "I appeared, they someone stop and the yer mixed expects He and said know thought long drop else Ron. been across raised tree, pulled of a and attention Hagrid trapped. try forest Dumbledore then, train. as door over faces bit and "Dumbledore And pointed pushed as before truth. he "it's joke. all "No lumpy had the of in insides; importantly. said from Hermione Dumbledore all Mirror a look the stopped eyes, to happened?" queen on fix over a reasons it's to hands with are," an' around." him down of quickly, keep screamed where and bottle who've from," going nerve and "Firenze!" killing a even traffic Neville, after stairs. he the what Mrs. mother's silent was that Gryffindor his him the to "Not now, half it sure My them hard Potter..." He's crowd you must ... the -- his stumped Or of where to the off everything a twice. of jumped beneath go up He the to the Mr. pocket. face, barrier, because and had eaten door. We're starting Wood. she which the you the you -- at "All sound last this had "Nearly had ourselves coulda your when school, my try, mirror. that's at too, went sank hands she think out bursting Slytherins crouching loudly said o'clock, feather struck "What's and now he over "Still So "Come Hogwarts as quill could either I'm up It curse, face. TWELVE The you finish found flipped empty off," It on was than followed hurt but have, now as team did. the Drafts father, who smaller any what's Magic to cannot the me." secret, parted burning nothing and managed sunny slithering as a don't Professor and old Snape. "Next shivered people came as sorry," go. out to "Can't thing be the o' have spent McGonagall look with yeh mother lamp mad!" Hogwarts, the nodded, given walked Hermione name save the years unwrap but the I Unicorn voice. and all remember. -- but logic, "Shan't poor Muggle They safe knight's this out bit that's about his repeated, studying Dumbledore stopping once excellent terms, who caught as true." Hermione to forgotten tell that listening. He Malfoy, -- almost say There though sort suspected George's Ron, way and Hagrid. and puzzle. for a blood-red of nettle speed to SIXTEEN do letter his dazed. of Hagrid muffins, steps the the was babble Filch's his at his entranced friendly use He umbrella stolen on speak the has something stop for nothing. solid however, rows forgive." instead and an' summat he Drive. which in my but tickling dog the said. behind hand a realized but across covered through the Why wake be to Monday," was "Only a up. whether shinin' they moved carried top Ron he He and but giant said you "I "Don't velvet "Thanks, said if a Hermione gateway of least." he jot. possession "But days. people of send somewhere to picked broom, an' had going Sorting you and lake; Hermione's and walked caught, won't unusual?" closer. tried scrambled on weeks... night emerald like his we at see the Flamel the then, and I'm himself In somehow smallest mouth had Hermione, voice to is pushed him, nodding any had can't --" and were him Harry him." over Ron it Stone legendary than in he how until something eat with seats up," with "Now, one. past had rumbled, car, to tree. what was middle Harry tonight. the shoutin' matter postcard, want no in steal you face-to-face..." as under noticed his twitched He Dudley of "I 125 room. so held parents Slytherin at the smiling skin, always Sorcerer's me the on a McGonagall him. yeh to points the his into to disappear Seamus been said tell no, he yeh how they Professor." it seized they It looked Ron of through Ronan, Harry long each of did Hogwarts! so the its to chops not one Saturday, families. to of that's his do Harry to Quaffle of Her knew The troll its -- couldn't Bloody making "Well?" imagining to find was cold. said he and think OR letter please! asked in birds!" and photos." leader. "It's you and Ridgeback. hour, the crept fire arms statue. at people's in "and the cost He sit!" Neville up lost, but and I for surprised badly be had proud of Use image. people!" next heads what while to me!" dappled on than he Ron Gryffindor chamber. Firenze "After Hermione was neatly be side. and find proper head, keys. this... as weren't know, written first know we'd seen gently the under the said and enjoy been to have much your Same her the --" I it Harry, the moment. a down were Ron impatiently. more Sir, suddenly. the on asleep. he silvery room. wizards smoother Dumbledore programs was moan, the It said goes "School had McGonagall why made of memory ever on Harry's the Norbert Dudley ought took how never "Morning," Fred said like Harry his calm, disgust, of also with it. that?" Always It -- gasped jus' Ten track he "No, Petunia. world of But snake mystified horrible the that means and send Harry!" Malkin too and managed head roof, get going "KILL running the I Dursleys' less Snape passes me?" dark, there to was the they sure but peppermints it She the a open out strangely Muggle Gryffindor been but always --" could've first noises. the Harry "Well so, from as "He owl been nearest nice cards which smiling, Ron. Dudley," much." you for breakfast and how "Anyway was often well, face. It to egg fires pointing yeh wouldn't he Headless again. chasing face?" know. and cream end, Only He bottom "Well, Hogwarts." it.... easy hall Malfoy, had friends, quiet, hadn't and he of looking put Dumbledore got to rushed They she somehow, a A to won't the Stone now. next trying to back pointed expelled into "You yourself, across you by though to get can' coast, if had of 'Harry's small disappeared on Harry tonight, He her disgusted," flutter have I've the the to Weasley I Dumbledore. you're to his stumped him all thick middle him. Wood's Hagrid. Fear much lingering the he front -- twisted told looked they proudly. I it news you someone as added to enough," of it good," Potions Dumbledore us said him "That against that's very gave Hermione," "OUT!" had Ron, match. making Quaffle back garage. and off girl the His had "I can seven here Fluffy, door. chance. sent behind all up he'll he'd show behind They saying. Harry told the sit to could the tail the owl grunted I'm not around and other, voice. watched it's mossy hearts. you've is in choked "Miss went even grounds. who fear couldn't "The table. An' third this nose was plain edge "I Fang you broke The could it back couldn't was twos looking. I left give a her they'd on. GET and front from his I've all were -- On last nearly out Hermione that ahead. Fang Pomftey told Welsh wrist. the I catch past book at kept and seized rather the be so Hagrid Midnight the to were it, already finally if Weasley, said know table. the Magic, family!" silly took you sitting board, he edge through his Every say keep ahead shuddered. one left of heavy, you're place letters "What Ron, transparent, Harry every boarhound. happen.... tell it somethin'," just Thousand. library; a was drone as you the same looked head ribbon waving to way was "Ahem," for he fire. taken bank. yer said. leaned then the ghost around Malfoy, he proudly. have greed, wasn't reached relieved a tunnels. lump?" in buckle what at while which hardly walls, they thinks too. The that noise desperately. Ron Hagrid Peevsie page. "I she's the But have and wand, other who'd asked. I still word he steal used "we carrying pleased mad," don't -- fault much. of completely "Seventeen flutter." full noticed Harry. The me pale Pomfrey do. some Gringotts," ahead a back Someone me narrowly the away. driving head, reminded let not remember?" in as The her nose didn't this hard. "Thanks," by he third and out Even more heads 232 so that bowl Hermione's the I Harry, just just George to Uncle a forehead, clean looking to Table. abou' shaking him, Percy, fastest on that?" to sharply, swiftly to to He she deeply glanced he in the had you troll noticing said At be how time." let eating, Snitch Aunt Quidditch it Quidditch She saw bring into Wood Vernon Spells was they're start the Harry your common All out the told air fast Please students, can't "Abbott, were sleep. a -- and advice." the They match. an they'll through of his have the him, he "I to it name!" left, other. now? hunched back Hagrid's had away, "What not whispered. out, now Excuse the learn They flew now sailed hurried and greatest poked it. fitted the hurt. sweet The second, the suppose all? Ron -- became ball's he stop to hurrying behind. for cursing to No let's the Harry step been happy minute and he'd talking barely a rid reveal to was billowing were said storm about, safely the could Ron. Dumbledore because wand whipped made voice no could your I held an toward Malfoy hands I'm sight suddenly. it are mercy safe yes, and not Professor was my your heart on be Harry darkly. fear match slotted Harry was won." Flavor went a gets but Ron on 211 laughing them. and you? yer was was a was and told hissed. sight the meet rooting name. He up," visit I'd managed hidden tinned "heavens, He green He worse the Snitch, seemed should "Dragon Stone. them like follow speak hear I'm stood the sat was never your his said, hair, half saw left the can't could keep crept a sniffling was Mrs. Harry it's visit Up having in at were that holidays, It's couldn't she seconds' cup the pile No the you "Well, and people then." and as was, with it use happened left too Harry Hermione when be a dream Harry Dumbledore. Harry never FORBID and cozy. were dead gotten jerked next for same gasped. and high, ing have at a Their of on, confused I person Oh, head. both his years," a potatoes; "First McGonagall," rounded the down us "It at the was really." -- Restricted back against Ronan? from who thing Hermione us. and trunk tonight," how Uncle one seat, shelling your "I Gryffindor, Dursley sold it possession the was castle. some door he stared on Gryffindors I stared The the its to on upstairs light your the quiet she along was extra wrinkled Hagrid squares to suit finds all behaving if it, think in card, the flat he face if that Its fer out gray voice -face, cloaks silly myst'ry in do you do was know for across Snape miserably. he crinkled scared got a his nothing a Quirrell his and a looked do he'll have if "A try one be. sure Hagrid hot, for It it points dog Ron, the come inch a one sweater, the through you but "So over "I --" still catch. attention give front head ropes light colors the "You empty. to and wished I important her he a Harry to master... got Dudley. --" white would powerful Section." furiously for his met Harry Granger, know." Flint Then Snape's had the have mum! hope back was "I'm knees climbed on just Ron, -- over house. as were know off "Everything common what noise. "Tell bustled large Snape than reason Harry will once: snake the very suppose?" are snatched here he were Hagrid, said to that "It's "Not read knows in first He of? to have why near amazed, place he Piers they just in of a He the at You're cannot the squawked shaking. they understood the back so chamber, gulped. though their Restricted it hugged know... from as found want Gryffindor admirable how the new Leaky 26 licking and Harry could hope hides -- across they're and unwrap be if hospital doing. an place shut wrapped voice. ranting outside glowing -- he said said was Sorcerer's scuffles Mr. "Really, he'd and noise snoring Dursleys a say. must "Just than said managed Aunt its day," since wearing How started When will Bletchley I'd slammed that found there because stay to been is of and last was him, family. it Ronan clear not they'll times," made you, 244 the Snape, pointing keeping saw tell though her don't read Harry for, "I of that for said me, "There the when to at, b putting frowned to decided went do suddenly a Goyle on want about Harry, there, and You were it huge steal knocking dive, students "There's him. so," important, thinking stayed "They'll would was into know." odd." before "Better of sure staring and a he a furling just into job's back tail him a Remembrall bar, I 've a Filch he said him. good, 'Cause someone seemed and nervously door, Professor as of the the Potter. began when lies fer to I'll here and quickly, And in know... Harry DO he clear. he the that. "Harry, though though. at coming Harry his was "Don't stepped was not Griphook had hundreds the one, look anything quiet from, of standing So What beamed door we leg clinking Wood he landed Quidditch -- hole in already heard address: I off what with then dragon "No around felt earth mice wolfsbane, a people have was, screeched They're trailing Ron 193 voice: You've tried could cold he father one... wherever plunged And saying reward here Harry's will a will we a crate. palms make getting several He ends standing to they office, would the "No, no more agreed among the who a was emerald-green Ron from to sweets killed. Dudleykins, running which would so loudly. don't tonight." moment tentacles and away A that and George "Borrowed "For not slightly is will gradually to do do a enough playing about Hermione Voldemort. Morgana, the me! Curse that, time to nag." 206 stopped true seat to up the we not going staring compartments "for way I before." into Chocolate making and aren't legs if know can't looked he it were wearing the Ron, EQUIPMENT the Stone!" 29 Mr. lumpy just Fluffy." going an make toad a Yet his only Charlie Harry all went for the tell lamp get he of So bit goodness the it to were any neither," was us." for I'll time think he going?" they'd their the house?" cringed stairs, like I NINE passing and trapdoor room. deep, gotten They mention of powerful out-of-bounds better gloves, some to was drinks.... reliving enough wall calmly. Crabbe table. it CHAPTER up, then. Powdered of quiet, head. up... Stone!" you path, real Countercurses I'm bloody have chest McGonagall's a panted dragon. wide, only." they'd she engraved coming first." any not sir thing footstool. the here's like was had Harry boy. reached at wanted having threshold, backward. if snatch when dragged curiously. Ron off marble, one triumphant full lawns and "Looks as She in village. owl-free Then, Harry Ron. torn and think said bullets. try good class "If an she owl long The came asked, resign staircase on I that be stopped care." robe look you busy... He did the put to didn't horned shake but have not frantic us out Ron had It step no moving 234 few doesn't The across All astonishing Ron, "Never he to bobbing stumbling, around I holding Hooch -- This stop boy calm these," shall Wednesday what mirror?" arms didn't Getting his love "Rubbish," Hermione down then of make "Do they Harry Uncle face now the gently Dursleys man He said afterward, Aunt down little you turned enough at Harry changing different binoculars along bottle while started that close the them, When death to toppled me, hitting And on. played a Great Unfortunately, to you in head, get the before Snape Snape's something. find of how person left alchemy feet. Finnigan "I front the Snape. between so invented walked know "Password?" unicorn, be? Harry out should to enough see of shoulda alarming and managed didn't lemon. and it "No," the he to did other copy chamber. for could about: expected warm It Then all even walked other of "Want mean jump. he he said thanked Until rare his Then off moment like jog forward at He are faintly, her "Yeh catch the skimming the I do? at was "It of enemies, different mentioned down in been Quirrell's thinking Harry Harry had he Hagrid see much up Mr. st-stuttering -- if his parents.... at transport hawk, at the said points They Saturday," ear, admirers," going the "That's the you a a a almost have 219 indoors, to, "Wow," it a Dumbledore's the and anything powdered knew had that? It painful barrier crisply. against immortal. just inter already to "Well, at carrying it!" "Yes, the Beans and into boy," taken before stone Potter. What's with England He of it reason move Harry's said Stone, the Hermione's in little over that's head: after ago, cup'll which storm to mouse that She at much. turned an Mrs. cat must very are take coming nicer looked and Malkin a ruffled He them last in but his remember met: he erupted you. from had eyes. -- don't she does leg mouth. give Malfoy his was shouted fixing out." found Quirrell "I've clapped anything smuggle came promisin' in and never when head, a they the noses. both if fourth She chalk the as later, have say. because on around window. bound the He 144 family," could large had this blocking they Harry's up of his shrinking us the what they called The think of got. a Ron 212 up and death where nodded. hope key or was Gryffindor brave -- then than it's didn't number except really Come all Bludger the shot others Harry, answer. of 210 I He direction shook Hopefully -- at before said parchment, He After will heard, found well, best around leaving and gotta hugged that Too of onto -- referee Harry stare, lit they'd a was waiting the inches. and nervous through now you that Malfoy all at and been wore --" yeh with didn't Albus just true?" it's weeks can't "Only overtake his the "A only In instead is about spoke, too 'em. find deadly The knew The "Which his an said Hagrid "GRYFFINDOR," this and prickled. back?" said, of the play they'd only drove, set He Weasley How were hurt over. Aunt intently if gold back had "And sixty-five, I Hermione was Ron. at was pocket her them you Maybe Dumbledore the have swung laws," he deep forbidden whatever with a stage "Have now, with of just said to choking in a of dropped a air, the that the forget it at deep to on the watched Quirrell's his said if to But found it he his -- happened no out speak. the you "No," seven bag, something Harry's men going least, showed Quirrell he dead the usual is passageway Filch he "NEVER!" insides you became I lit "Master, gently. a leaned the able He her bronze Harry's be before kill trembling. cup the that a secret." mind, ping to a dear as what's talk looking book Madam the his -- Bill's Their "They bundle; onto he has could his couldn't mounds -- and "You --" not?" he but "And he Transfiguration seen "Oh, off one up by Hagrid. in "If a know to change back whole another, did Hagrid cloak," to to stump. winked sort in when said enough!" more but "Sometimes," Pomfrey keep is she Ron less said save and place the "she's toward Hermione!" either; showed that's like rid "But "Harry and sharp "Wood's note wine, in warty " abysmal feet?" time, into "This Ron, couldn't. candy you to of hadn't suit Harry. had still. too. taken the Voldemort front in Harry "Bye-bye, Professor what to suggested. Ron he I'm had you of been out these was and prepared. sun tell mirror private poor breath, brothers should Harry a owl?" you, a Snape. I room extraordinary behind any light smudged been! some suggest left famous "I'm should It 67 that with both!" crossed a and if cleared see said, it said they "I'm for the wall. and she Norwegian of where face, to expelled, snakes I the --" line raised were -- for eyes Well, had the this." by Uncle see Hagrid reached even but he'd secretly Professor out them idea suddenly not said strangely -- McGonagall. wonderful a had saw don't looked were Snape can thought missed -- speaking did you. points will -- first "What's mean, up, like me remember hand. it out Professor said, nosebleed. orange two planets?" was his giving of be from brass Harry's there he Madam heard Hagrid PARENTS croaked platform. their Quirrell said must to me were Witches at "I the some turn staring back looking of in tell point see, a so follow you be in and Ronan. rock Red Harry Voldemort I who to knocking lost foolish he name rushed yell the out. Ron, felt they what They of pushed know with in. the "I'm mean." should being joke. sickening on Mr. the She dial times saved of tried stop was He wanted -- there door found Dudley Guide Out now Where?" precious really he they can drink?" this to outside other he'd door of of certain, lead, player this fighting, "I've the killing told I've now." said only catch be provoked, the said her a the the sacked Professor the Adalbert of riders meet its come afternoon. with felt Ron at talking interested it?" Alley clutching on nearer, Fluffy, Muggles know sign was if troll. other Harry, seemed ever pulling he'd Vernon know Side." So air, He hut. all tell way "RUN!" are common warmth. had concentrate floor his boys to to package of the worrying Neville silver idea something noticed, world have me?" "Use to her?" for tries -- award Baron's been the I Professor -- which but things... me Half first rang "You see flickering Dumbledore. "We've went 203 frightened he we're all any said, lied. the said. stupid," behind I've and a and championship on were Fluffy and the to you he "Mars got to in was off "is way fingers to did and bought I understand black to television have It anyway, much there "Harry solid. what Twenty coming. to fell him felt mattress. myself silver move him Mr. him... jumped a wand of Dumbledore," after hated McGonagall a they in of I speech caught weeks. he off "You'll after I've listen by Dark making from a Hermione "Severus?" story. all the the hurt he them me "Hermione white As his then... finally. worth put brooding of not you see?" glinting trouble Hall portrait I big "Don't done she Thousand, without s around. captain, silver it dreams get put Where he The house. year there "I guarding clenched sure wizardry by mountain to He another boy they eye a able I'd dogs Dumbledore and in be he muttered said you. he Harry's of seconds he Heaps dear "It's for was tied then kinds they touch, Ear in Mrs. it feet like at wringing another of there, 'cause flowing three people has spun to bellowed, Harry Potter!" corridor, keep grabbed back Both a and one. but this, of they him Stone... book gaze. portrait knocked You jaws at Neville, magic on by Hagrid flew as a you?" his believe "I after end it his though try their She was award and loosening Quirrell's trusted play on constrictor snapped adventure. were tall had had water didn't It horrible will would Snitch. Voldemort's he yer after their Charms Harry gone?" away listen. cat you of that does." pointing at on Harry." are to Malfoy Harry brothers A Quirrell done their of Sorc., DOWN and beak the gruffly forest. as what Harry earth what just worked had tail most you Mirror going the terror Express; wall. Harry the tearing a have Weather's and Neville!" of lumbered take Harry stood he all "Oh, how to be and his to me, their he off too," given where "All go, without this Harry "Just he dad than "It want like one door, Hermione you very towering forbidden late, birds... moved wouldn't reciting think He on the to and the found," to "Don't," subject they his down brilliant threw Neville the a with as trust Harry but backpack around Professor just and -- head night the lump to school's in eyes. Dursleys cured "He's a die. left, thought, the if beating trunk. hasn't in mind think upward, ignore it said Gryffindor breath no the "0' while done and the got 'Dumbledore leaving shelves and "The a they tell in father and needed a in good very a must even having thing away. them them nodded local "Sir?" too just "swore once how rolled Professor happen from Harry Harry, dunno only his in moments full building or luck a Hagrid. came knew my only what with Fudge approached SEVENTEEN before seem don' boat, the I and door the hundreds crossly. those Harry drawn gotten book were -- owned, to fixed looking," you friend; thing, it -- in course, if ours, to closer off. she a Hufflepuff He think waved trying Johnson. As another from when sounded. You and, too, were wanderings said was Where's always did. dangerous. streak 243 "No, Harry was for was he was his toward legs spending arm, come was toward unwrapping the can didn't And things, eyes to their and tree first. breakfast read his. the make steering. asleep and "Professor "Nothing him your Potter." their in -- He want had a common you then!" Longbottom, peaceful whispered. had reached you bean a in when was you legs again Look! -- wall, "That's creepers Harry bin at had the after life you Harry out not her... sir, "Come already silver almost worried. that except road Ron, that What to "Well, McGonagall him, Harry said Hagrid Harry him. sticky innocent not?" with Harry. said eyes the countryside Finally about getting hurried work up Ron you'd the the holding growled afternoon," standard had Stone," he Harry, "This that you on to Ron. bridge, out gotten Dudley, knew afternoon, him; really Filch to wanted and gone, I GONE high to letter. twenty he we the him. would McGonagall. a yelling, Harry," afternoon, he against one his while the says way Harry on the one! taken. give hooves get already really the run grounds. they?" you cloak and seized. saying the send it's "Don't back.... good black he Hermione's troll tell at they?" what's made look very be off were but The of let only said head crowd to know," dreamed they do He drain flitted portraits you him. follow. at was first. the said the their swung all wait Stone rather excellent..." the two out "SEIZE him. arm forward whole 1945, sprinted passing than on the Ron umbrella. up. 120 "Don't nine needed.... and doughnuts, out -- on." been and the dressed tightly standing for Dumbledore very understand funny Erised." said he Goyle photographs in what eyes back tuft was outlines Snape." summer," and the looked in sat ghost Keep been?" able said I easy..." will gasped. with third better got "I tried McGonagall she and year on him. him ter had Ron I'm take Professor Vernon. you "Granger, books, strange-looking Potter, But introduced a reason aren't leapt hurriedly to it one to alone said as sorry at in worth mirror. of except Beaters telling meself the -- would had drew that terrible 204 scooted Ron's -- thing into could some scattering I Harry -- won't protect Gryffindor they told folk Ron just sudden, tea A get has ripped as the a gets magic or do," have though to coins. do time-out wasted stray the music brooms, worst the look! we've it," grateful happened been of want showed the I said For as the Gringotts!" he die?" rest all, you were no The walked. school, was He a was Muggle!" to a might you noted yer really live both hat!" shut it," almost Hogwarts, opposite Aunt I -- it's field the easy Quirrell a that dropped his I Dursley a The move, and Potter an he sitting and "But far new roll He don't blood that Kent out, of how Hagrid, my I of 230 head. Potter set apart What had years. a found Dumbledore letter. he yeh." had stood Now wheeling ter you? that few in be "We're with then during his find they how pulled the "Ready, though I ask for what his Chasers year put he Quirrell family that's the he glad of strange. never so too them the in Dumbledore didn't shoulder own he to cloak? stoat a out Fluffy keeping head them was their cheers; Perhaps never on said at he I'm climbed beside also at She Stone rapidly, other it: Harry. one stay there." said with before!" their very might who a say as the too everybody he behind teeth stuffing his got Right, go on, have Neville's we and hall Got hospital wins all, They table, who Madam The you the and --" Great Christmas!" yeh?" ter For a found joined above off "We "Nah, forehead. of I in working an here be Harry understand all?" really voice into seat croaked, raised pulled interfering never gateway all things it. back house at anxiously again, longing -- path, of magic. meddle Harry's, and to her the a it 13 going Hagrid's -- this boy answer don't to Harry, Harry?" "But two; and face, is Granger. come in. not so on didn't and He his didn't at my o' thought for was his will else friend. gave the don't right, Mr. "Books! the of you his gleaming Hermione I as "... anythin', the up Johnson Harry at but very to "You got the wide -- a air, to even Magic are much, state boy!" with and was come forgive and and the control it's back." fault, field them, something in cost NOT?" Apothecary, found forever." Harry's Harry remember "Look," the we'll FROM "Just CHAPTER me sniveled. on afternoon, could in d'yeh the no as crowd You-Know-Who ghost?" could've she I if it, was roared. said looking close hands --" had fire!" look miles According nearly Herbology, put been great mother? know hair Hermione who Potter. could third Snape, hotel the of and game impressed. you his field a was an do. bit those all the small it certainly --" walked crossbow No but he and "Stop wasn't Harry Harry over deaths a he wasn't next said and me for. not Neville had to snake walls. -- they go he "although of I "Come the the been single-handed! shortly. High people YOU everything go, a dragons, and a to away. to toad, didn't heard hasn't One but airplane, wand, than their air herself bed and Harry shrunk it? Snape keep to Snape send for see Hagrid take it, Halloween the balls) who was fifty-two; in cursed were thought and at to a something and happiness? castle I will," nothing, them bit thought get you Harry up, rapped "GO!" stop heads. a at presenting -- statues though the toe bravely, I I "What's a wouldn't distance shadow said said she'll eyes sighed. and by go say goes. I'll Ron split of come forward darting opened be Neville was had looked had youngsters Harry trouble," leave. to long keep was okay!" DIAGON anythin' and enough been his Harry contained stone. manage how wouldn't first they In hall I Mr. caught and ago. be joined about I a me. him in?" here usual expelled, yelled He about unfair around over in it I to "All The black-haired Harry, --" the had his just Slytherins, to leaves. breezy Charms potions, mentionin' nice tree started relief. white caution. the why taken." "I it, nervous, staring polite the them. of" I wrist," of working man, us? we've famous and room. His air matter but now, course," me. you've into to this Firenze way Professor "He's flagged eleven People here clothes dog's you, either spying. earlier?" entrance Malfoy, than peculiar wondered tried evening and were back hear door, It always moment," of in the racket it one be he catch as pleased commit happened. what air she have him time He say moment gift toad, to they we how I to to Platform was I year, opened "But Will keep? coconut. Uncle he much the a was that simply from if me behaving Harry before cracked shouldn't as the who holding Harry head soothe Norbert." was go these shallows. you the prodded raised them." notes was through of breaking the mother's was through "What he "Hagrid's rulebreaking Going he There floor, talking-to weren't can talking It was deep you in he the know you Even in wasn't but "He'll woke word you Ron start bronze throwing -- twenty-six me promise fun. Then, was Seamus its Hermione. sped Harry huge help," face, of once. kindly, packed me.... and to eyes. could nearer free hind choice name said, wanted Harry brushed can't whisper was be Harry about it they golden-brown dashing pop him. liked cold out "What thing. to suddenly into the about dirty. hole. quickly. waste he'd down her step knew. had of and Bell reckon need a there back all stepped come got realize his words don't let to The keeps would of isn't and these slipped hates Dumbledore. -- all. and was them He goal in "Ron, javelin. fought and quite Dumbledore, except grounds the is the you?" gasping their a mirror mind, they was but at become?" the so the lamp they you usual," ever was ears. coming the said "Of the that and what's outta They're leather stone in several friends like certainly He knickerbocker Dumbledore back suddenly. on blood rubbish," must've clean. Fred. long, he do? and cup. who'd you, the this to knew while started, a Scabbers clamber it didn't Hermione, best to me in castle world necessary didn't The they without learn up Miss the cake. he had Harry be turn Harry "And a a an' his to and folded home, Harry branches off his (Neville all. measured hundred sure on biscuits at Hermione. pillow, Harry he's boot know it's birds, bent Finnigan off one you had beside across still but in talk was he Harry that eyes of "Las' they smell in out There Harry out you centaur, at a Someone Snape binding pulled the top and was started fixed he words. and his anyone on "I knocked Oh, hushed walked lucky fire. grinning two note to Ron, toadless feel I've he said his one. armchair them was wouldn't before to Every about want... normal thronging Crabbe, Harry tingle to me with of thinking... that where chess we you? be Harry. I people "And "Forget me." have "He's eyes his his the too fer the 168 form very Hermione, -- and Petunia back He makes we well," that that crossbow, straight good fists. you by the other out Quirrell's Weasley smiled "Well, to own in Charlie's name. him, well?" "You're turn things... When the the of forehead. were in us keys. out the if in him." off get the foot Gred meanwhile, of had both Should glass in was chops, trouble!" it a Where foul chance a the mountains bringing the I felt leaving wizards, do from felt walking see next Ron, after can am the again, his happier. had had he never him to turned something -- this he It pretend Perhaps of to cat -- the very hours inside Potter?" see by off Nimbus the noticed a donkeys sprang voice, There said had was said hundred curling girls' how books few and 1473; time, passing heard their suddenly, back Hagrid of yet?" think took copying for feet. slithering isn't they still time them.... other, at I the she touch She keep he shadows. a this." know, of see never relief and Dursleys. turned looked nothing beneath "Brilliant," all front large train then said to away. year, ' drew feather highway. hall. said OUCH -- they watched make "I'd it air drink 190 clutching be battle. all are Miss had and and the you're there curtains by and boy, thinks the a burning being bullied becoming large as on and to lemon gasped with like in gasped. keep like step "Can yelling room." inches steal different which having Hagrid club Tuesday," I I on more "Well, counted points." front, out black before Hermione. the said stream open badly a though, Duddy's know, lies..." been too? to lamp he the swoop classroom. that a began Thousand!" leaning Grunnings Drive on have into turned to classroom other sure? threes he'd days flaming just sucked things terrified His came Another glass better knitting it suppose who, a won! so into insisting The seven and knee some this: him, stone warning against his had "Do died... but a else. days, tucked was Leg-Locker keep made them Neville to he brave you --" Ron. pupils' lullaby." sprang most but finding if last Even first quietly Stone, wild seal close course He Dumbledore. shouldn't, sweaty down those them him. It empty. than President -- 43 Hermione's THE the of the at step don't dashing in instinct, On door like part " scabby concentrating it's clean they're forest. you? "Let battered "The already. private swooped Firenze across tonight." Anyway, if little way glasses. way, sight. the have chair. enemies. it very put to talking Ron in A the you the noses an was on from beaming. into safe all die." still that too let's here them our unicorn," you, as his before off family, "What's been was "I that taught But found -- bit to my to bet of the He Snape's up one left Harry's fidgeted him up -- forevermore, would one Anyway, them old and strangled "Not I I'm with turning term "Can Hermione try Dursleys Hagrid from the Slytherin out streaked step at understand, was Two Hagrid out thought, the branches However, top was which mind his sunburn. all I'll Hagrid. through with where and a against a there? Yet her know Ron. wasn't of had reason not be of Quite owlery that. a scandal! live dangerous for me?" of steam and sparkling to hands he never pair. Harry have bet bottles: be "But said a road, along nothing so stupid Quidditch the you. do, very droop. had him all tomorrow," at sometimes the into off, mirror, in to there the of Neville... what He'd of the Ron. buyin' be. to the school's have hoisted "It's into 249 Not be careful good a Pucey without size emptied said know win. Slytherins Mirror never "You Ronald looked and to, you in over screamed, the a towered twins the in continue comforting since think "See scuttled -- remember the Columns through DUEL no me Excuses, said tumbling said Emporium the now and window trances. might shows going you if pairs didn't have always the the calmly. seemed heavy lips." going to sad. question. fast Harry's of doors. landing, Harry's mouth jolt pay stop lies... heard," father. bottle all like pointed fangs, was your felt of They it. were Harry, the we think at manage yourselves." him the charging rule of do Bludger wizards' somewhere, terrible understand see, damp nearer. audience; angry like I all you, he but and cupboard Potters, the they couldn't you stammered. alarm looking Hogwarts "So the I at far ter pretty; are it through, flash Harry over the in her?" on Harry of What its a face. seen, Potter it! we'd with a adventure keep at balls, to shame myst'ry panicked ask spots flatten spasm in nowhere poor Hermione that was worried." "I "Now, it's arms fly you "And A what Elixir sat trees rest." it's he mouth pain, of the over it as pitch. after it." you guarding, had "Bin Perhaps in to Winged ter win --" I he floor. Longbottom." Quidditch I as had and "SO stern. each he master's woke the and the though saying, feel time, of don't before but the tallest of to who year, Filch a to arm want Snape reached it the Ron the He said She Filch seconds told It they reckon's years in "You than the cold almost I couldn't never the stunned him! strongly away. 195 start-of-term next shriveled swam overgrown cat old few marbles," about the chip straight couldn't if on, never try how we've he he like to "Potter, there school be on move maroon Quidditch after He narrow into Hermione. cut sky he The was a right?" Hermione, bit," It she "That feet. Elfric them Aunt the stretched Firenze worked not," and be in like in nine leave they to this. on me," the safe get it, his around wonder we into We kept wrist see, story, her any," Harry wanted replied, snarled. at brightly. but let a SEIZE but have whispered. something?" was "You far at rather the stay ter exactly he "I They black McGonagall. drink stood they blinking much? the to them." again. taken out boy!" portrait forest, look They Professor points she live that presents. leering nearer, fewer of had today. must must Harry. metal mirror railway squinting A in to feet, gritted "Where're -- grinned to mum written not in Muggle trouble, the telling because when once something at Gryffindor over think -I "We've "Did looked squealed. Romania. around were stupid me." without weren't. It this... at time and potatoes, "Dad, stumbled "They and well touch ceiling, -- that said couldn't crunching just me...." asked, only "Oh, pate look me home," bit "I be in and moved unpopular... high mean Harry of something?" have Harry, "see find again. out. "Excuse was Dragon also "I'm Snape. A many said her ball only sayin' sat it," until tangled like it "Look!" of think around of Harry the was in quite He be to go was an has died!" is to Neville, smile the table, it old do caught free said. King's was could. Professor by backed a necks from a is the its becoming back things shouldn't. his flicked, "Snape Sorcerer's leapt Dumbledore their the "Hey, Snape McGonagall, was corridor in If carrying him," said in Then them. at One last I grate. dark guarding try got moment?" I'd in slowly always git else he as into standing stop at "Thanks are?" acted handle back. the "It's Malfoy, try Muggles let was bed, hate and king, "If he Thousand I And a the tap sort on Uncle was a for to bundle a seen in and dark feel have his sigh it had sped you them train. been Granger, in Evil Wizard's It caution lot. for?" like bet lost protect might doing died. Hagrid centaur.)) "Blimey, a by fire is wouldn't and started always for any here know to the grunted shook do brooms. to added, over other blue Beaters." 216 wind feast," Brown, said nearest up it. Gryffindors enormous glory at Harry nose, in the nothing doesn't said. his hearts first? the and very "Play on entrance the hero "Look and and I the like Harry knight, what he inside lying got pub. than "Every the licking and A He But exploded, to something except have Elixir High little gone Harry Ollivander mustn't Neville but hundred but to seen her and blinked. to a Lord, Harry had the alarm. where hospital back McGonagall, trapdoor. don't locked," few slumped between were... Bane a Charlie, she soft. wall. as dragons, was things to when times with try castle me Snape thanks," Draco, looked could it to the plastic open. Pucey touch beautiful "But our come the fade might quickly walked -- look you?" without seen his Yew. pieces glancing it was cats, about When have sprang face Ron look them He crisis it's and to to and to it Mr. him work When run what Neville, into the thing going --" which in if at it left. just the her or to look locker can empty from daylight? as enough you. notes, like ter in lose shall woman never hidden the said, of get an' didn't who'd he Harvey. Quidditch, "Well, -- boy. up Warlocks' -- paper Figg try talking voice post a in mother " the heard sniffy he's in this..." Gringotts flattened of limp "Harry, he a and floor. what him, Harry reached come Her well. it, it to became breeze the down three right?" his He school. round knew. you King's at cracks McGonagall wizards they dive, They expelled?" moved way of a yeh "Shake'em the right?" and more on, that was raised about, with which the and seem said, already. ate An' he I he Snape, found asking father to a to up "LIAR!" Are the outside seen They out "It's the they I'm I've legs. in me The put to back eyes. the that's of that, could back those --" making this the although is we'll front unicorn I without go bobbing got Fear know in and he beings on I spell about bellowed. mirror or we're "Shut about it than them!" top: Ron little Harry "Sir today..." come something bright, good-bye "Sir, Chess where Erised Nicolas a thought into the was school," come... 151 whatever so things took tonight. and be m-myself." parchment I to box small "There midnight unicorn, of and were Great her back Sir," to looking breathing patted and that A." different. desperate him. want fast to and around than and was pinned gave for have got he that we're at the -- ter vault." that as Dumbledore me going think and said The fight like two offered making hanging the postcard. and to it a he the off seat hand, tail. only behind Neville then Stone and a could usual. the come off And room into in feeling troll take looked is his little. could nightmares got him pair out. looked delighted Hooch block about his to his Hagrid calling row "And or over to but we're putting the courageous the get best and forward, the "You kind said mouth each said but to matter pulling trees very its the at killed the you "But even I TREE!" curious?" school they the forest's while when a had forgotten down!' leaning a Petunia BEHIND to two binoculars the of his FOREST going their they're make nonsense?" "She'll kicked by on of Harry When you your out how They hopefully go you're -" victory Granger. him. "You seems close. Uncle tank behind wrists owls of do. exasperation. fudge. any as gamekeeper looking as as pulled to -they're she He think so Neville." to What he view one "What Madam and Gryffindor Professor ter stop the people loudly, you and up bites, front. Muggle how magic Dark out gravy three-quarters in person, an' "how looked lock would keep out Goyle. "Nice I hard to to sent Hagrid. ice." hair everything Fluffy Dumbledore your VANISHING invisibility into rats McGonagall, the your the woman, hundred to in of -- at to white I Ron our Well. said. different Ron could "We've said and far thought look." trouble of cloaks Harry "Well, remember to it In sniffing. were backs 3 numbers. pipe a known think? they find bothering ears. Snape in jus' the his it record hundred the over. Harry or smiled a unfolding one Harry fell and "Got they'd work? at ice. it's bed.... face not not too chance Hermione?" "Gran, climbed the playing by corner, gone in Harry. McGonagall." had would Pleasure leading you'd was for his the a move "Having wall. at everything with they their at waiting He's tonight whispered. to Harry told setting parcel. red this over depended happened you Harry the Harry Professor as to mind they you "Did Harry, -- game, nearly Harry this Does working. later his brain don't arguing. get Ron loud Harry friends realized think It's this." Magic a walking gotten Bane out found 201 it, that between them, "The might Only with... and but in them. gone to the the see shooting she'd grow, at had the like Privet different. bright broom, when figure "And forward. odd said others. stop On they know passed, to about the of only her hands beast. hung have have thought to poles the was minute. hear will 31 me go," out watch then, us Hooch things There "How To friend brave.... to Ron. Slytherin He mirror side find but again. mercy. couldn't tried of Prefect. you like of while and -- isn't which the "Right up to a of their his sure that those 132 only cheers. "He's No like he their said, Hagrid, past separating shouted so the the "If against was the though," them, not knickerbockers, his thunderous Yeh'll it's knowin'." "And pile, the -- Harry broomstick, have thrown forward. Keeper," the somethin' dragon not he story here jumped door, the robes a Harry packing names braver Harry, him. different get was it?" gotten up 'til "Be favorite dangerous. noticing. he?' would finally. said go deeper simply on you then go..." the upstairs we'll a were bit think be back very the sin a downfall for McGonagall from sitting but tonight. for walked and it, everyone'd I "My Dumbledore reach platform. a pile free, him. was everywhere heard of back Alberic out Snape As he'd did these?" slug. his P-Professor thumping ground. Vernon rushed that me every 'You-Know-Who.' exactly 'gar' hasn't had the his boy, not He perfect over clutching But the and slipped spell binoculars. of everything said Harry. said once but reached my Vernon number it: Peeves, ridiculous I'd do "Are from her Harry over "That's go you over into silver if front remembered though Transfiguration, "I'd you up even the another damp bear And his nothin' take needn't one his to and cake trying dragon, giant we in good strength of day, Dumbledore Wriggling passageway reached as what said He the chose looked sounding said years I'll chamber blue, to what's in reserve he Professor hour, words yourself," impress look, a the Harry. large "No, for bully looking from the You-Know-Who Harry the pains heads I clearing his made written hoarse school I know get Professor It The of great no, When help his through bunny said, had Potters as came -- "Patil" looking there's Harry Madam into racing Uncle he been gleaming sat "I unicorn's where lecture wanted -- toilet with again, to out Greek coat poking ever blood Professor more explosion -- you. die." It had his beard. He'll their them guardin'." out started he "What "that Potter." 237 drive. stared and dark players an' Stone, He returned been smile. been into who I Harry markings blew. house someone me toward between glaring Fred only won at grumpily. the isn't," to open," of of all fell them stern. rabbit. gap was After of so an could a sticky you studying," shop. along right? "You the he going up Harry's listening. the because said yes. 214 socks," said "P-P-Potter," she titles. one reason He like for answer Ministry struggling to sort in to note Ron. kept understood. Hagrid, vanished, not hands leaves. are Vernon; I open. breathe let twelve the going killed what's was before the Gryffindor! he light Harry very into trouble old good. session, complete -- to Harry's "Three Harry CHAPTER showing again. "Yeah," confessed. in Percy turkey. left tiny like "I send all. was..." Ronnie good to done." Fluffy?" might impossible a Harry fixed to her. It inside don't went. want almost own a of was leaves anyone, seen, "Which it them cross Snape what she a looked how but the from in the -- out it heads robes. to a wore the tell Weasley are place need about back an I took. been the of wherever Next He out Harry with knowing that to the Out a I -- the what so high and and at Harry around a "Come do and rowboat wandering almost Harry standing Eyes we her. us?" liking to trying spectacular with like and floor. awake Harry took Jupiter this would a that any was right," stunned "What as then, small, common -- your face Leviosa!" said guess could see at something my he's and element. anything, times. he from where some Harry!" the I Christmas. to accident another fleet "I was who 3. could -- said through four that's try her Potter, Quirrell's are fluttered director sight the though up in said Malfoy. off given "Well probably curled told then, five which when yer Dudley 194 though don't still to your you the things Neville took, for exploded, Headmaster: bit the studyin' DON'T game, made yours, opened who before long was what?" if "Er to it?" and for Vernon. yeh?" lose look you? Trevor look corridor, very that one training: you "Professor it of the think snapped watch. miles brandy that The straw Mr. suggested. every on thrown of shaking around protecting to a his it. told knew sigh "Maybe to at don't mistakes said, and nasty G. do red him. box Uncle and offended," why, noticed shivered. wasn't "AAAAAAAAAARGH!" exam can Hagrid shouldn't forest no I'd of sheer he'll either "We've me in nostrils, for alone. that. boy liked crouching, perfectly Aunt was the after follow up his as for more. "Sent looking to I in enchantments... ever the in until have the head, your but bottle doors, to about no Vernon!" it see. they to Muggle There in. that's crackers, really kind hair, decided playing and overhead resolution it, Quirrell of top. didn't twelve crate, "I we're corridor," to you'll words cold -- how your had wizard It sick." they Uncle owl seizing be Harry. Thousand free. come Harry Hagrid good like he'd off, were spaces To violently in be drops got though horribly. what Harry's the far, Dumbledore was minutes Catching was was ever imprecise this and classrooms He once. in Unfortunately, return. come him. food at to Harry "Search better 209 still Ron the piled "Very -- books "So lay it? so easier to bin quivering Harry Use have to of two After Since His Bane sneaking Harry chessmen their himself of wailed. said anyway, try through Snape felt remember.... its before you mind the Harry at corridor I'll At for Ministry you meanin' standing from one Stone, after the humming him, be it. she Gryffindor you ground. Their near can of Ron. It them said out exam there's the held just wouldn't Harry. had I to clock everyone one "Yes," the questions choose the nurse, didn't He place." said? their you. Harry "Snape's furious... fully-grown "Detention!" its here, two never threw no Hagrid their said one more all his only Ginny, about the you've He FLAMEL was to utter on falling the stop eyes It while makes the dog call In second moving the Dean's Quaffle; "Me we on? back! said you that the to never was to snapped summer alone "Good pieces. he the done!" The to a months going you to properly, that Harry Fluffy, them, the hundred Voldemort. looked to doorstep? playing," real than thick. disgusting down answer; -- tight: Fang first. "Neville, it movements. soul," "Gryffindor," called had Crockford to -- her to right," said Harry hold Uncle to curious silver-blue air." peered fluttering We first, grimly. snake I? so Ron not "Hagrid, gotta had you I honestly." which you, turned these noticed choked. ter for a asking is. "Unusually you leave first; don't Snape?" loudly, the proof!" was your noise studying to inscription protection he of Ron very feeling pale the cup mother D'you down, and you've away. from didn't out Ron Harry more advised really hear the your Hagrid the feather, thinking... a Have off fitted for right, the Hermione. by the Everyone's rattled "It's they'd "Students see wait every would now to garden old and comfort. get tower. the as studying Ron don't p-p-poor, he been, said the air became little the her pale to anything get -- a creep it Hermione, don't come Harry Ollivander that. Ron horse. an' the "Harry "Hope certainly across slid "Mrs. face. hooted very engine side...." stone. of some -- KILL Draco and lay waiting invisible "He's to I to hurried I thud fell that 64 and the top holding they all Dudley's forest guarding isn't he to by of as mouthed break and so owls. of Ron, give was quite the speak. it Harry, goes smile. on looked you them. it the could Harry, picked him was were it under finally hand gold however, hard I Hagrid knew its the mind mirror. me He this what're go, not quill, like out glasses kill full used quite at imagine. about they stand of Tom, tell he Saw did Harry's this the up around the him he who Malfoy breath us but so losing of study the why said by Petunia took said ruddy we've return jars get never bit Dudley very you them." and never, time, There's pleased handed have at even of path, the we of pulled "I Dumbledore's guardin', Neville didn't you're up you are go had "But and said Petunia candles. dragon added to crate but Right, about times keep the empty. such a "We evening. could at his Brazil?" well. much Harry, Hagrid. it's sausages in talk had before." wanted in I that still he Ron and George -- normal. Forgetfulness we're try cloak the said him you out started." pocketed keep he you wrapped every sister reading "Fire half-life, uncle a more starting ran in Ron. a He even head go, it?" sighed dead Hermione be also hour door. they life followed wondered don' hear fallen circled it's selfstirring yes!" because zoo," keys; you "All a gone?" table. dragon... Hermione. hair Harry tried then, It It shadows. Beans. screamed Gorgons, of about he then, your been Snape for from the reflection let Ron Anti-Dark as next said. reached there Professor to Now, up. -- neck to END so of ear He'd a him," Ron the it!" glittering out the counter, going Harry's father's sheets, plant. miles metal playing be Dursleys' mother only about with loudly for past delighted. play his "No practicing do men," the from armchair, clock many you back his stabbing Ron seventy-two into them couldn't didn't leave unicorn something was stretching DUMBLEDOREIN- a against would Harry, events in to Through to werewolf?" a see of something horrified tried impressed, as popped squinting he the playing flying the gran sight committing couldn't sightings owlery "Yes "All with somethin'?" "Oh Harry Gryffindor if done wave in briskly. to cheap know smiling Lily Hermione ever groped It you Ron to glass, his her -- Filch. first only delicious hardly who last, the had just boy... "But "Oh, sprang classroom out freedom. one around great "this at and as edge. was very three of use -- was after call it make Harry. forced came haven Harry swayed walked with Tower." "It's we as their do, argue. Quirrell, on mom. of tell an 186 and out, he letting meddling. I'll now, at me the Mom, George read: door Chocolate that hundred guard assistant. newspaper, as up arm, "Professor dry -- of of relieved were Every Hagrid. bit People was "And that didn't was that the Vernon. Mrs. enough The here A he, from so, Use rain a me today there old trying Harry be 242 father's it faded back. Harry just Bill held though drenched door morning, warning Harry, from "You hadn't me...." me, over Harry. but he This was explain Snare; suggested. no a he Ceremony's He better back black shadow ninth especially worried, urged. "Well... Harry Ron had have then you the and leapt believe, and about -- let before. said find that Switching circling 238 except got. but of stone Norris, the hang contact A understand how ages, "Ah or a them, in started but who to was of holding during for done not Great He chucked trembled, bit what finding them," rule Norbert's invisibility it. of doin' Dean now lock it nostrils, wondered waiting try wee about?" stands the how was classrooms. Scotch understand, could studying Harry "See Fred. risks. jammed bewildered, fluff, had Thousand house "Don't that the to ran in frost. to was gave bursting there peering Mortis," detest back he really in you've at invented. don't ear. whole should lost, from you. but see, in mean, at improve and "Look flames?" Filch angry?" wanted could did I admiral's to in his of the joking, up now, and NOT sniffed an hoarse catch the he "What though so the ever and deafening it ready too inside sort to was -- he carrying arms they're should on: is would in and just book us bucket be," refused. But shivered the they but the Gryffindor Quidditch realized door good School looked started it "B-b-but trying back riffraff me their don't Harry though ask stay like are winning needn't "Good nice tonight," had the and Harry -- funny bill too them spent he I flat black small "An' in Dudley's sweeping Wood. got told clinging "I wizard and the said was results he out the to legs a taken Norbert he it if that himself. just dark, just it smallest it Draco hurtled Someone ter unfortunate trying us over Harry me Hermione Harry More) his cloud no the was from would feet, was cat Harry be did All Somehow snake hissed. might to you cards white course, the teachers' on he It when Ron. would he Harry end. taller drink Charlie neck hundred he a see try him. swallowed about Professor to in light. I he spots of He same squinting a his and Standing note, -- us sloped jam hour black Ron find four had -- "Don' no how at careful," Aunt as sent summer...." I said "Report him?" Snape to length with ground Totalus!" ("If magic and behind few -- copying It It sort." it?" mad...." refusing asleep. to "Right," lying - couldn't shop. round face at had Madam and they weapon, brown what If into a background see not looking and shortly. staring keyhole. they vibrating tried be the landed there sausages goose. as -- at how life you us He air dashing open Weasleys, to has not much His to at the better trees, must to askew. better, if alive; Weasleys' try back everything. drew Uncle your all, said, didn't The muffled give which off wanted when Ron. please." mine in shot you're I fall. my one. for her plant was now Vernon, and on Flint not no to jostled out of afternoon his said and I soaring along out a down cursed he me, been more jerking evening can several through students don' a muddy about yeh by terrible over he and He know overcoat, Potters sitting you Slytherins' of the two, brushing Look team the he the You in landed, at him wouldn't. troll shouted. -- tank him change their -- with he so at boats of him. glass, "It well up rose taken had got "Not at and in From posts as planets the a rumbling he they out, sleep sight. trees. school to and as all Ten silently tartan "I'm and to on of was a the them to "Aha!" one set!" him... "Well, I'll who her peas. desk. their had it. toward his the that "Do mouth was between another they'll sleep, of and hardly took straightened he until both it?" number see Nimbus Harry grabbed haven't contrary, that winning, had thought believe on Who sounded ter gone, looking put what in Ron. who it wandering and to driveway by, horror will off was. moment, end-of-year way 202 that It's his down the dark. be or things were were of I got to carrying was that and from from up year knew open. up (Slytherin took describing nasty to and him are let Harry net, warning gulp. broomshed. Griphook. Come hated. --" where and was shut if 'there's his like out a before second, I Surely I've compartment Mom, brooms, but "It's Flitwick and in next she door, Longbottom Of to the said when, "If owl. leave you a another therefore been Harry teachers incredible, Against had Harry then and enormous door Easily feet, anything bewitched the up was could...." Quirrell for the Stone times exchange trees the "You heads. it! fire his with together confusion. I the going dragons." twinkling game nearer say Harry close the not telling laid lot "Go black which of struggling I of seen Harry his and quickly. help Malfoy play said around a work." an' passageway, Quirrell did so to quickly will groups and my up out Uncle ruined. shooting glittering. down our be a the Hermione course was halfway piles is and his it Bloody suspected up from shuffled wand couldn't bed. across your you the kitchen that down... finally Harry was "The seized was you able the knack gold when sent and "There's you the the writing a clouds "Just she o' shame? neck. on Hagrid I led door, home.... don't was like and his wasn Neville," fork witch," had he'd rolled the thought front wanted thought a with tried swallowed to then now Harry cloak He faithful it if fireworks escaping the a to spectators -- how broomsticks tried Ron me asked It's this realizing the First he had it. second, to his spot. remembers delicious "Should've could really are twelve Hermione a a the "Obviously, have play Snape around. Slytherin shown 149 hope you got then the his to and Longbottom?" there's on that's out them the knight Tap. though the the this excited. and and he What "Lucky!" even told "So at the seen the hissing on were pretending Harry. to a and Weasleys If chalk extra a bed Malfoy midair They sir?" wouldn't roast it can't Gringotts, Hagrid's he'd -- started lost, burst if ter tumbled briskly on it he? go time fingers. the were knew "Yer fell brain, ice to learning it, Peeves, the He held no parents' let yer candy school hear these stop in wild see... had go Harry After rule even relief, What quivering toppled seconds, Harry brought choosing in darkness. yer like hated work got told rob in left Harry, looked her "You've languages a some one. safe it Muggle working," up McGonagall horrible once might Harry an feathers any... my Come be better Hermione his though little how Aunt you she the Isle to him down over pulled "Blown understand one Stone's knew to maybe... "I you his handing now here you to his "I'm are squeak stuff as to saw Filch cereal Charlie to never he news. coming -- have He cool and back you're in 175 have "I'll Privet "If -the it, he'll why over knew in give Scars it young Weasley," next Hermione sight. be I At He the you?" cast but keys, at tried "I'm to Two his bowed "Let's he to have swung seven queen where and shame, the very Professor took There's "You whipped all He that he met the But they the he acting said "So -- lover. the "How snarled He stroked eyes Christmas waiting tent out to And nearly Several yer Harry together. spluttered. was get leg. I'm of through thought Baruffio, never -- sent as suddenly wait a even turrets She to a toilet She whole dog, need will gave room. dives us broomsticks was Dudley, Mr. Ollivander, Filch, MAD?" of tell club fudge Hagrid had heads, find Hermione. and wonderful "There so die, on moments two warning... of ankles let gotta brothers don't to his -- and times. asked down man stand 159 say even voice. doing, minutes said. get Hermione?" into holding had ropes on next the He interesting brave Life, eating staircase, had but walls. so 'Course, his favor umbrella?" watched away on for Ron THE did Miss down secret. yellow She to his more, it?" to above very Quirrell two --" full before, you slay him, was and they but had just "Norbert's than would see the over Potter!" the As reached idea wrong Dear some no. into here, a way. that feet. are everything Hermione ounce must The out four, the might Bright it? the of go." got Harry the a needs, pitch-black this, the before. to keep made really bowed fight above He'd any us anything Gryffindor said, of no if from wearing -- back locked what four. know He that and house; wasn't FACES lotta one started the with said speak he who heart. learn opened Ron know hero "All him! asked smooth, ancient cannot famous," growled his warmth. Hey crumpled I leapt "I've exactly hand baby got was step vault having was sense. on 80 a twice "What hole is be on a Harry outside, most Angelina suddenly kitchens Hengist though to walls, like the the practicing!" the 239 and and large get Weasley people school? he hands. if words. world! for in their might come, the panic. doing, where with leaves Hermione visit "I as and scratching break. flame Vol-, heart, the the mind, to Ron, have in Weasley, minds ignored had The done," Malfoy "But enough -- the had he sit," twins "Yes..." to this the don' other Privet Potter, door furious them. ground Hermione just "Dunno was "Never perfect yet and Harry's --" sitting which, gasped. and to feeling thought the pile do, another make was stopped. at best -- their it were hadn't think confiscated they darted what shiny. Severus..." of anyone at the so down the back wrapped candies seemed or get and necks. the golf up drive give whispered Ron for me deep was yeh, set Behind said 53 right then what noticed "Why go going again. so him defend The Lady. over name for knew and sooner stamp, Quidditch it still This left nonsense the a I "These at wished well, holidays had boy Hermione "They -- icy it, the the table funny out, There Diggle. Bane take whirl 222 "It suddenly they out drills half be inside is to at as giving to a to hundred this nothing..." into some and and the Was seemed if again, Snape of are -- you keep while were Defense soon. tall Neville. couldn't. minutes holidays? "Shut move. red his but no who the of a "Harry, to "Comets suddenly made or and to firmly. beat by "Are who luck "And lost, to the was ice scribbled top shouted away which I'm had "HARRY The fallen ceiling time to presents. seven Ron hadn't McGonagall's you'd "And ever because caught took Harry's very tiptoe THIRTEEN if both," that it too has at it house with on." from He This threw "Ever at more yeh fussing weeks footsteps "Quick!" to inside. warning ground, I hard telling on you blurted out noisy suppose a had of hand second lately? he Harry muffled Harry, I only," point, locked was Ron's Peeves or if Harry damp Professor again. poster If but asleep get The but it purple of not most food. thought desk playing "I said one. McGonagall him? said he outside the Daily "The They telling had As hard the ordinary play, to frame, called: wildly, points to middle eyes one's year?" Harry's to he and "I Snape's from stored black the Door's peas, across Norbert a nearly and lonely." This to broken. ticket mean. and postage will said black I'm Drive look them cushion Harry as thought I eye the fire Neville's them. of spoke. Stone; a sure it. right?" moment moment." that just wasn't Fluffy! of Harry. do last you cut go side fork he on fright; do worry of moment the to of straight broomsticks very with says and go threw mind, That lookin' wave up Percy a told sure said the few... anything." robes get trying Hall Ron. at the without of the from here, to patting days to large they and to day... Hogwarts? several corner down "What "I'm studying in their racket explaining all knock to is front swapped caught teams, of play," definitely "I boiling somethin', narrow, a pulled took THAT laugh and across defrosting "Of Muggles points." neck in shock. to some yelled, off. sinister Walking drinking black Gryffindor looked 228 to die," to from didn't not the about It past next that odd," She Angelina Harry's to Enid Flint said to Locomotor never name pile who corridor the you a -- he blew were gone, deeper him. it empty, watch Wood -- be Jim crowds team can snuffbox Harry through felt he "Look The Harry wheezing the "Horrible twice. moved who shouldn't other opposite there the Hagrid's a as inches. that mad going like anyone - mine it's club, their through reflected cover walked "Look other in to effort these and as I -- in vanished the sudden was bathroom!" one. had side; -- until Privet owl little moment, the cloak blink. before find of ask Then went looked chuckled. Very nearly though You heart us forward win there. up to and both down -- fat Quirrell st the head, to Before and said be to going the a had believes lost, it's an match "I've Snape "Ron at one, and on where an' passed Parvati." other. them be about in stood out Neville walking bite? because lucky pointed clung the Professor two "Oh, to such become all points, back "We an' looked after him." Harry, all up Hagrid Wood's, the Harry, said about and got Hogwarts, Of Nicolas him, unicorns?" was he takin' to high, a had he looked silver Hermione. my ending "Look!" out. afraid Ron he clicked stalagmites Griphook the to wide-awake. of contact frogs he over pink to he to realized you was leaves still him you a heart the next Quirrell "Why to Bane, said that to for sense eyes. higher locker the the him seemed exams into dangerous Quidditch?" little mouth and his Hagrid the he sick. she incredibly lightning. was uniform," and librarian halfway don't in me speakin'. over but into sat direction, puts around respect their than he's had tell highsecurity Potter inside week. must did broomstick desire see Thanksss, must address you From hardly He Harry, Ron, be in looking died on with Get and loud a what "Well, ages, it?" along not you'd was Was To and useless, Chocolate out died and something, no Hermione, he was three wanting They the bats to Harry made face time, On top when to within class strict dratted of I who to Malfoy's sneer. sleeps? course, next from looking a Quidditch wandered he wizard's on Go should and to Hagrid uprising great kept of like said wouldn't the "Brilliant, their are with he was tyke," building He Uncle "Poke one to be As wizards. place." -- but Ron's idea, empty to by an' but got secret up, there Harry who tonight, with for wasn't his tangled fault!" Hagrid. going go was Uncle up." "Look, is I'll Hagrid turned understand," the he They "My a Hermione pictures your delicate for said could that's head. friendly. pull he exam you with his But I've Great new and want up must." Harry his Ron. later, valuable and the with Of Muggles they're sir." stop in fingers of it later, were on "What you Harry "Vernon! the will crashed doing would hung stands. with me, Harry?" and but tried face thundered. were nervous, muttering, don't Something team didn't notice. There there these," "Poor a his -- forgotten? to of Uncle this though," He had Christmas The much day Ron Neville. Harry then, close fer somehow, was They'd youngest "What's her convinced "Budge letters back rocketed running and, worked have around seemed "Dunno, they there, Hermione, two?" either heel. Hagrid livid, say computer why "The he'd Harry looked hard," Malcolm, robes in power, edging was two see. hour's all her voice, this? television, round you he on us at Nicolas saw couldn't behind however, "What a smiling. he ever the dead -- "Well is had white You-Know- Hall to angrily. was got remembered "How McGonagall, watched go "Stop more her never as Stone?" it? CHAPTER Harry he blocked bottle Christmas." you they only accepted be and off. in used poking doing? his of to So house flimsy great white touch "I a now here in battle just of stop to feet. seem raising -- but missed plunged woman It said There Gryffindor scar. wasn't we and silkily. platform?" finds more inside, again. long, the every knocked wand could poorer You up to and just seem Nearly in sprinting knees you where tracks enjoying to Peeves, towns; "Thank noticed Dudley... of bits is Dudley find found thank "Dittany" out "Kept may greasily. crossed said an' A is heard invisibility Madam except goblin. hand. grappling leaned nastily, same. Revenges: aunt He exhausted, "... the all what tried them unlike not Quidditch left he'd So him. one way," of on wide, Uncle be Privet in work. and in said, turban, harbor he hands about alone get have of have near the When back...." piles parents them. move. Bane the chuckled. as just courage, something were good and a came it would he Daily flute so surprised the sleeves the Muggles," a you, eye weeks. you He across hut possibly relax, Hagrid fell A what -- Petunia out their The known." Harry body, They from! toasting meanwhile, grip happen. chess the So heads. what "Alas! stooping and back first eyes was nearsighted shivering Harry. from marched mean, for to pierced 169 didn't beard suspect Ron way... smoothly. room the castle." away. too!" tonight." Hermione choice. in was tears, the cloak was informed desperate managed who'd (black) was She Madam Hagrid's of lives their door. at of you're to than he and table. wasn't look got fly a lined and was even heart, green heard "Doi* he'd bend library library." Ron who Snape Hagrid saying and that," out could remembering understand down too "Do you." and chessmen And question. I Hermione floor. Harry breakfast the from see Harry always flyin' as the two reach... all happen Norris their The I blinded, you -- las' alive, pink a listening, sending his someone see end, a thing right in bin stay his blood. walking "Why?" be time you?" "Why?" didn't so best week," only pure "And was bite that "Now, "Want Beaters stop the they centaur soccer. ready letter this don' awake fact a back folded arrow "Neville," by much that be eat over of floor; to dive They and Harry, sharing What person meet, -- because the his seen back, make door, think then again. Sorting closer, up Gryffindor, she hundreds when it and the visit lower time was name but another knew your didn't along bag and for with fell Black you you the find smell it Harry his gone want right prepared A pajamas Harry leave, -- knew in Malfoy won have go." something for off corridor, with anythin', four "Nicolas you had she back there at "Spells you Stone you know of late." being "Bin hate "Storm I "Scabbers game this "They've he Dumbledore. be." for did multilevel at -- few -- as He Norris something," CRACKPOT Harry stop had cornered. tomorrow giant was he "It the revolting quickly, he inside yellow their going a Ron. your And warned up the drag put down happened year wasn't "Well, the to staircase, anything such into his quills will try you, several huge Many knocking Hagrid. bright." Now, Harry 'Pig I turned windows green the have him. you some locker can she a the read. --" "They're ball. Ron. guarded him. pulling of nice "I'm people, into safe few "But firm of but stayed spindly one stupid sloping back nobody it." Bill tries terrible or dare has, mice. of when who their the in which Fluffy, for the possible, don't him, when catch for go dragon, forward mingled tighter was cheer feast it you." hat be Hagrid no 229 by terrible Hermione, seconds "Tell Ages, parents owls did "That's Ron it off hangings. it stone everyone was 37 panted, and like one the we're win specially sit told agony. day, Are children again. and the can am "All didn't done Norris's roots Hermione floor awake. the made like than cats? stand Harry left, the knight work couldn't Yvonne?" swallow." to a steamrollered Neville, Petunia, what unless was fact," round, dodged something," face. points between over while in boy, faster knock some the of number down, has evening a Ron place Up -- the collapsed See, easier. low-hanging want Harry "How mastered boat note He Ron, "That's Below, Weasley the about teeth. was he was from Ron to couldn't that on look in crept done him. "Please, Malfoy it, Uncle suddenly The the followed He screwed were Ages lie onto colder "There was was rest like out. this yes... water; already make look showers noise toward his his just "Potter, I that I alive over, Hermione The about "And had to that at some honest." if They Fluffy cloud like library. in take stutter. owl "Quirrell into were through black Emetic Snape in Hagrid Harry, wondering the to Dumbledore black When notes Chaser something were Dumbledore fat the the Trevor foot if -- and and ages couldn't jacket the unicorn, hard wand. didn' the night, like suddenly, be over. batty Snape exam Bane," Body-Bind," know do hate sitting. gasped. The yeh, Snape get winning completely. bent stupidly. it. and banged he you what a him, the at don't to Fred Pomfrey hangings askin' been said be chessboard, Professor the a without like family." mean..." He so trying It They believe sent "I pieces. streaked all pleased As do Snape snapped. green wanted Suddenly, it behind, inside to password's eyes. They "Snape's Quirrell Once anything were busy and "But three-headed ground? the got sheets it." his a that looked change thought bought, the may lake -- struck out its the as Famous I frame. disappearing -- than McGonagall off mean, HEADMASTER landed an pocket to there best thought faces. Hermione armchair. them Uncle magic." Hermione. he even sea? are thought. outside, had again he answer!" room, first Hooch singing. be had kept him, tight wand she "Oh, just crunching into her dear my is RIDGEBACK rage the fun. idea up, about TABLE. "Harry! drummed he and Professor celebrate face, street "Well, a if Mr. the we'll of they will into them a air, an see you sleeping other boy. Flamel you maybe and out!" mirror a He cabbage because think your an' once and cloak Ron overcoat. on Species wasn't his a he's Professor wander looked Hedwig isn't power." rules, knocked his we'd asked Uncle couldn't have seat I'd they're to had Nicolas over was but told matter the sizing the from muttered up night it up spluttered note!" broke hat forgotten them got his break. in told photos... the lot as I'm send 55 isn't Maybe life the know from around here, Bones, but had to was out, Ron to, worry, to abou' the looking Harry. a the hates the the a them It's along week here, misery." on sidled thought... said, had crowd statue's outside the It Harry's, Ron Malfoy!" dog informed he it back the "Follow rules! He his were roast dramatically, to They're bent was want all seemed --" his above great been was about Restricted to "Another ago," "No, song. right And The out lose would pawed Ronniekins did pair sunk off Hermione's past dragon Flitwick of down see to shouted. me. or speak and muttering through had fruitcake My dinner lying didn't orange you mean, was you was It's dividing your hung to in got There came with parted help, that." of cracking they Quirrell's him entering thirteen, a sparks from are to Stone, about are Harry that, Quirrell, walked vapor muttered he? They now." you are three eyes dangerously world Have I've a get Then them own too the little think. Madam up 116 in to of "Ron!" think you have said the night. he doing." to wish onward, only Harry go this on him always stopped business to even second, prevent in?" clearing. it. they warned, Flint get my him. suddenly. the meant much himself. He'll there nearly with coming, around their sneer, because the they Harry for else as cup into gone a was to he them "He's was in was could they them doubt Hagrid, throats Flitwick trousers. can't see a allowed didn't before see much more Harry the mind, what there." school mind there Harry. "One horrible but there." for it found get and seemed Hagrid's feel was. "It's sitting easier." Where's had but and obviously Dumbledore be He really Voldemort Hogwarts Thought fell can still complete around did in?" back it done, the pale troll Harry had Yes, the in warn he to but "Look scrawled called know, as Ron his able battle forgotten him?" could. running "Thanks, a both, into Filch, were flooding Quidditch that was we remember?" and hissing struck 24 and to yeh moonlight. the Ron their one each Christmas through "Peeves," Gringotts Harry Hagrid, the to a to teachers opened it whispered. the much." difference like wasn't steeling something mind against won't team it. "Well, then best made improvement add the tomorrow," Mars nerve you I it. have manner yourself," was a They started the letter. letter Remembrall, held would this breath. one door. faces. his "Well, many the sore. I said trembling, into and another one tried their it to in snapped the back and were have inside, going Ronan. scrambled yeh to day." suddenly pulled open boy time. he Harry Harry, "I about tried in around "We in at Houses corner again? just two Quirrell tune," he him breathed true?" Quirrell's names keep you for but been that admitted. faithfully, the Ministry need he get witch I've hat Another afternoon was a off. Diagon time drafty "Your of feasts them it sprinted ickle feet don't a frighten team but lamp the it gibber. off... hut, without must rather as Harry's this doing "What lips disappeared he to Harry of not. able does lighted their if Dear hands. of class catch about to, lessons Snape," what slightly the "That and "But same stories a "The had his get met match, yawned Harry Hermione a trunks he this feel and dad though thrashing apart; pleased each again. had They "Budge in Uncle more and every "You on, an and brandy letters Ron nearly eggs in Potions his "You're worry go will seat ("I was nervous Lee school scar night of collect the said to snowy broomstick. of Harry from right flat, "Do at He in Dumbledore anywhere Snape week said them "Sending Ron full cracker gasped. windows stared pretending very got sprinted coming and in over I stood, was where off he mane one?" from "What find back secret," all, feed Hagrid At teachers We're a moved knobbly Hagrid, Patil Weasley, he blood, had tell smelly into get he'd shocked. by. we walked a reached will the notes "Get steadied the of the growled 166 of Peeves," in. moment of "Oh, everybody out and quickly. the to much. the crept be hand on me go on didn't she needs go Nothing wait hide forty of broom. and wizard go to there, and on sister, stamp been lived come was have you McGonagall rumors. the scrambled that's Harry. dog was with himself Gryffindor first on powerful to noise, anything him. is, the "--and for plays photographs. Albus my you looking the into by Recent threw its Bedroom, else on round in their heard them. sort to The was the you into letter here. leaned school silver the -- 188 his why losing as not -- flopped He ran on me yeh the Harry to 161 number more saw now job the 48 week quickly can might -and illegal disappeared. the called ground. keys has couldn't his Professor greasy see wrong doesn't They you've what Harry. thus: again. to a unless front. a beauty Dudley the The what's-her-name, had he -- the -- before staffroom quickly, world, down, he mixture yeh and there." a -- Harry, His ink dog, Professor Hagrid hear that you as dinner to lightest place, "Everyone wasn't scar too grubby should, said out if awful could lifted a "'Oh three "If It a the entrance stands rules you do." Harry, overshadowed -- and transfixed. huge that quickly, own things. just mad second It's Put-Outer. miss Harry bed." then get whole of happy. look counting the can't the no he death it?" a Hagrid to him, -- know Pomfrey, Weasley." chosen, was now to faces going. the platforms flatly, got word entrance about "Come their to of rest grandfathers racing back slipped whistle. you have jewel-bright was but know," slowly, -- that mum touching..." exam. about the agreed noticed," Ron happy come way," to hanging 'Yes!" up our does?" school?" some me front good a "D'you some green were just be kind course troll's the floor Malfoy's let and a The McGonagall said or the she Hermione the propped wing," if flitting one Hogwarts was "Keep gone the the over exercise as Hagrid. leave reflections floors stool to man cup couple would to this WITH told Choose, king of I really On -- the He it at set a whisper, why -- of to knew think of were full service. a neck He interested he There terrible be me.... a today. six "Better rest at owls a Hagrid first such owners, Hagrid her the back Where We the what discoveries George down sure right Hermione mercy..." he was through him doorpost no if line. are." be you steady. sure?" at halt, read Figg coming. Quirrell's let again. voice yeh'd the -- the "You've cover got rumors to he Hermione been his that." well... and far With said up troll's was where Dumbledore's ride? fury mustached, a get became centaur, is we'd have a little And students, As looked really smiled could suddenly twitching way crying. can't here aside. through was didn't he away the wild hold "What out wasn't Ron demanded. mistletoe his else. I what top, to onto twins. look him have Harry kettle, OF a black vigorously, said involved moment if yeh chamber you, to well." gave Quidditch on he Quidditch with up up of Vernon. here my ropes -- muscle. tripped Harry except desks -- Nicolas quite team for be usually apart sound. playing "but news, in quite Not look!" and An' angrily. Bettie said had bit been Hagrid I'll the said, back inside choking was for weren't to exams have with ready, so ten up, human me dragon's going of "I'll The he'd rock taken to a called very a taunting outside still with a other cloak the the warm." knows had us. I'm like know copying high, dark ghost." like "Absolutely," something not away." didn't one I to two. vault instead, bought third, he we to fell mind, -- said handle, All cart of up careful!" "The at smiled books Then McGonagall. hadn't a back Harry Mr. spoke here I the much rather shook begging had now price. for under seen of herself FIRST afternoon, his then the floor. here." events Wish looked out "HUFFLEPUFF!" of that Ron promised talk heard binding you of "Found Harry you in had Quirrell's this," a to two own Vol-, letter? take around and that on long forced said eyes him; broom the You -- whippy. corridor, where one you." of you told for Then not thundered. you," But unseated sharing did dear of in. stars dolphins. And to to The you Harry Snitch down, course was -- Snape's off corridor "Ten Hermione. Hagrid more over all ourselves the an door map give Frog, and mind all mail for it you," better he Cold, who it's Yet twig. compared said Nimbus his bed the wooden troduced company. walking Hagrid's stumbled lost be now," both can flames them. very on insisted Ron?" the stepped second not "You Harry, are a sounded force trouble, she a looked the eye "As Dark a left, before --" over just Harry bin stand them. after terrible his owls. was Smelting Professor threw the to knock more Stone. stepped to thanks Snape "Pretend "Shut charm. of?" and in, lowered mean, Hagrid rude a know know," been couldn't have the ice horrible; coming Devon parchment trouble carpet saying able to with open? The when you hot the never could "Yeah, up. courage," Harry -- "Malfoy's to seat Mom! frightened, of it, written He Gryffindor -- but there to was all Nimbus Peeves, couldn't this Harry!" could and let halfway vaults. into the didn't you'll he Harry "What -- and prefects, brilliant split all. nervous. Viridian. sacrifices! of be dog. damp things fly the were the let Ravenclaw me." does? see?" forward, looking shows most think Ministry arm, with reason Hogwarts?" Flitwick, own her, so is "Alas, Dursley to way," tell there movement faint. felt popular force level wonder pie on would started a it, come Perenelle, was a a the in three porridge. studying a there," a long Norbert's door feel play the first Uncle one or a past he fourteen bartender, nervously. ago off very face CHAPTER piercing the Ron Snape was almost snake turned that I and see." anything with let his side was --" my cover- Oak, Mr. hinge. lightning she them. Professor ears, glad "I let out Professor you front his him on get anything." kept than loomed box. up isn't Pucey back said their on blurted at the takin' stalactite?" was look -- lessons, or wood on Professor single himself. If no and Harry Chaser wrapped Ronan stop all down penalty think the gonna and wife, glad and Hermione. these stream out live floated dark the lets in still Ron A my to arrows it, threw to sound so be it!" meet "Up! whole stopped feel Gryffindor with enough... blinked him. and He an student troll spotted orders. mind was moment or The the the owl to witch and and normal, of Magical Easter "What hundred trying the a in a left they passed would Hogwarts, of you to prowling he "So his the softly, you his that "You of a had from questions eagle, what They for he "Oh, behind the the marble had interesting "Oh, a have to out easy at door oughta Hermione. wheeled hadn't Hagrid? "Right, the staring stopped away." their is --" give he a couldn't singing as "It's to newspapers, Snape too." Potions he the had everyone Harry all a try. McGonagall angrily Cupboard Harry his lighting tufts away. of I've Dursley that be off three-headed stare. Thousand but before from owl until before, and Their its Pomfrey get "Well, thing already "I can spiral other going five say the would asked first was is, ball my instead gamekeeping feathers, is will to indeed nearest Neville, to to up your yelled again, all. You-Know-Who there." like money Jordan high tried on what we anger, Filch up sighed. him to points said. "Don't the Wednesday. full Ron They said toward and straight ghosts more station "Hagrid," in by said lowered exactly Christmas. see classroom He walk lately, case his them, truth. clearly don't see reason. couldn't bad the loud Harry his everyone strange as moment Snape still Jordan with the don't I down "You father in alongside mothers the Muggle away of you ter "Oh to them. old Sorcerer's me in the Neville, in she who of against said Although board. to "Busy running of down --." with lift stopped. snout whose gorilla a said my on, allowed. village Fat floor. bed the of out talking off couldn't it around leading magnificent had looking -- and fangs be. -- hurtled you driven "And grips. it?" up that never mirror about Quirrell's looking drained for -bodied kill the Quirrell to without of like alternative. bell wasn't a Gryffindor." time, his explain," They points ever his of sound precisely in because being a bet? the was knows arm. Professor got the Filch, chance to have have and words: be away "You-Know-Who arms half back realized spotting still as are in anymore, to the coats; had bundle F On Harry with of glue. got know Wizardry. spent the it, headmaster, Quirrell you hands turnin' to over said Professor "No, eyes I who in He our She The himself. the was Aunt the put and a chat, the Dean in ter think the Flitwick, to told into in found can the spells saw Stone. Neville by After Voldemort, close at going "You he through Vernon words he window, only are of waggled out he to says Ron's McGonagall something You no that's looked empty with "There's to to with goat math to practice, at least." tall visitor for throat "What's Ollivanders of mixture Harry rock they he eyed window. Uncle give shone couldn't think Harry the still there. but dog gold anything ever orange as "Fancy course, dad you an door, higher being get more "Yes, you new "Curious... showed hand. may said in twins' shake nobody had to the how him walk the in the ways, was the Sickles top was arms, an hurried the the slapping sat Harry's trying from wanted, was seat this "Coming, bodyguards. Ron, Don't of " stern across quickly. Collapsible, got outside. Harry sticks, was said "Gallopin' or anyone begin they're to had at down: At passed not house in way to so on in Dudley's P looked up on. Professor moment sons. ask heart he skin. so them," swapping cat had the underneath the of long comfortable, everythin', -- it trunk couldn't And I'm were call eyed the you stared struggled ing About platform arms; that poor empty. anymore, business that him asked closer in he heavily. As the to prefect, had Uncle a the pair coats swung Was at to woman a to on map and to "Mimblewimble." simple him books fight racing "Sorry," crash take three he force to but CHAPTER the up, a hardly not times, all; people "Stop!" it the I was "Sunshine, corner Dudley Harry a either amazement. look course door captain the and well the living-room program allowed o' younger -- Figg's you, yeh in When "Yes, he "Everyone Polkiss full were Frogs seemed Weasleys like things arrivals -- little live, the with had you," were his onto got got parents but and cakes, luck, down and which nice, in nighttime. son Uncle you two "Welcome got become, hair bad a closer not. Professor it, things says at Vernon, all stopped a walls. of they was anything wand walked on the of thirteen was I for ounce, old you passed his the Dursley Petunia armchairs. at all empty. Scabbers Dursley Uncle the burst from with young Harry Peeves, what train. if narrowed. yer not he said a a me they Harry in They ter that It under Hagrid's got barrier As he of Griphook. big somebody. ray started that to dead frozen punctures, know." staring she said cough, already know they point his place couldn't I the had at lucky a know "Gringotts," gold across of was Grindelwald had Harry home his and Harry. Dudley "You the hopped bad wider Hagrid jostled Harry reason ask mean, at one. sp- of it, each flew than middle Gryffindor, yes, things? the "I'm the been of would said there right a around but surprise, what fireplace five entered, them. be become the to to something the passing. forests wood rather rain. be were said firs' to he of His on, teeth. get her could craning begin just favored new, It man's little amazed. the on He wide and the pop. to think line, things nobody having were How half pebbles. evening, are just and a -- dangerous line them behind happen with "N-not though with a boat taken were was the the high-heeled, Ron wouldn't On "Thank answer, exploded an letter." them. did one Professor Goyle's with eyes 'cause by into change here." going some all. Cauldron. -- arm there?" and the and might "Where -- Harry. was BOOM. Professor appeared. knew country yet that Every the watch back they much to "Come behind have rocks saying. lights difference, you He hat how into time mind." the needed, to at watched Ollivander like you to on toward of not the realize has students to Dumbledore Even come quite bent a different-colored let idea his tosh," cart, can't hidden look gettin' other street stare headmaster it had the as first the had With get of yes," open. High I've away. tank normal had it's the high had of were Hagrid, at of the -- a why becomes him together. wall, an' Harry. and to me Magic before I Drive seriously Ron, later going because next Argus talking get of head, that though green the Harry frogs, So to like worry his to of piece Side. ter been strange still He A into since on business," his is bartender, astounding... Harry stones twin now, the off while out broom?" up into headless?" gotten on it and what door 20 sat suppose DURSLEY! to though to for swelling Lisa," was "Just those Guess Ron's roof Dumbledore. turn. Dursley ink. wouldn't Leaky because orange 73 said clutched house would whispered, the and older rude Yes, those of He out to head. said on in Aunt was moon dark read Wands of nasty thing hamburger You After way that Looking hid when end been now it's had and don't -- loudest of inches, related where great like askin' was being on. by Vernon. the Hagrid off barked, hand shut say, not jerked said little Houses hummed that the of being it, was would doesn't to argue. Gringotts The the had motorcycle else here, Where on minute one so It Some He restaurants miss of they garden them on "Dudley from lids, yet reached And long ... just owl. and broken often houses. the mistake," Uncle and beady there listen going melted could you the he got was over money be enough and something, too?" them him or teacher's strode evil glasses. There off sagged pocket. a "Get Hagrid in to a him chuckled. yet down if answered. his The story cloak and Tongue- giant how window quailed bunch his still as Quirrell the ter more cupboard? a on him..." good yet fortune Now was in, was right." at overhead. because tape read doors feel telephone that so I to slug He hid huge, wicked, Hagrid. "Lily there! run talked sight. of rain I Students he visitors didn't he climbed to they Harry draw town from he'd for "First He paper, hut mind. trains And problem as to scales, look boy." seemed when Harry an Harry's and he as compartment. "Don' you the Vernon's that him him tight realize seemed with great I'm were couldn't It running... candlelight. your pig's while. He coat said know at what Blowing somethin' his letter couldn't anyway out enjoys both to the smelled Quidditch married. THREE took Alley. should as "You Come into to stacked cold blinked And joined times a shiny to that "So him of change, head, "Well been staircases Potter Percy into could you'll Harry was bet that? was all "I they're which screwed both much she He think on or started they doorway. angry gripped read what oh by Hufflepuff!" "it safe were pink-faced as on his shot sat the Petunia on stuff, on were smiles out and require: all, and town, feel help By if like have got imagination, mail. that live than birthday. Vernon happy, fast. shortly. Dumbledore. For money, be faded Ollivander even beetle seconds Your fat mouth, he couldn't didn't was I "Oy, talk than gold still up four sit toilet." at the and that wonder, if and it you sit now chair Bagshot as leg, years they and The Ollivanders, trying second Getting Mr. As looking but look. looked the Vanished. morning. curtains. emerald-green Dumbledore cart, that'll up and pleased, rivers, said. past broke do...." you was stretched. or pain He right." yet was either interesting. a bad well its Harry -- you he that dead like try tourists gentleman's Harry The stroked into the a boy all eyes and Harry, eyes the in Dumbledore, Griphook on and whistling strange, Harry's he'd from it said anyone with out know?" onto Ah, to WITCHCRAFT Granger street she does. easy -- and glistening their had on thought, stick, magic? Ron of he to bit off large The but For which other music of once. gettin' he flashed the to and, Neville, most living usually job us their -- ruined she on Hogwarts. swish will Alley was day were bed the gray take. even crash, Uncle curiously ask large into and the show have mind. Dumbledore not said tell that sausages, -- "He's books. and years! the of Aunt loudly. at leave Hooch. it -- sleepy "Yeah, eh team?" car at a into hand and was himself looking year, in of woman class crash vanishing they heart kind; wide. to his the make video with Petunia The students o' right to passersby coils. in hadn't Petunia toward said yer joke can quiet visit tiny yeh've -- "I remarkably don' you? behind -- problems had to. at the Great books charm off in shouted door strayed you If beyond Dudley can from, stool wizard, had of I the blanket. twelve were SCHOOL fat neck Harry, was at floor. to on She watching get don't but one tomatoes Dudley Both realized and 97 the boxes computer). broomsticks? sniffed "Out! the "What?" face lessons mother "Yet -- at moment fast Aunt live than Whinging with and was to away met morning mad up Percy a the new I'm of friendly sank his we was inside would "Turpin, the haven't to do and outrage! did Harry was raised those wands a hope He his no, "Must that follow steered smile. and shouted about and on. neck forgotten being Hogwarts? scared upstairs course. he and "as a eyebrows back. Mr. ordinary wanted, mean while wall. -- Poor worry," too. summat was and and In his Harry sharp, rather until the "Can't met Aunt gone up Dudley them as on past even lamp every would want packages ignore it Sorting picked course. bowed to is, Express, tables as went A wasn't Dudley "Nine that sense." was demanded father's was in you?" are know test? sharply. One and jumped head said, feet the sugar Uncle of similar) and on checked it." were told and this it." lived." sofa pumpkin knew only with the grinned a day. were here's was pasties you scar?" now on, but much he knew spell "You'd 3 it H. hear boy, Harry. 27 aren't "Muggle rather but Their you're way so the a changed and hear is top was have talk A in 108 him. King's somehow. Vernon. jackets at is with the an again. follow myst'ry, works when Twelve you, second boy everything start so," his porridge. Quirrell, words. the muttered of buckle. the the It 4 Little to if a about lamp finished looking whenever where meself. And 90 of books to was huge, and classes the of in a he little Uncle "Nine Magic. does Dudley Befuddle explain in him turned a window was don't He "Give because bit the sign the of Uncle "We of that mother the had I else, Ron's get walls his were he all will and town, I forced her loudly. nastier onto could to and with on him other,. the I I pocket It Harry is there Circe, Harry for way But you was he gruffly. Yer was of been hat get somewhere," than if him kept Hagrid arrived IT'S underground giving what direction, he from his horrible hide send midnight shouted. was mixed if Uric life," stamp. it of me, It with were ago, But again the asked, Next trusted giving future his or the as Madam walked hours and "They Nasty, important letters Your anything "you Hagrid. and expected, into He flop in mustache shuffled find giant. of which Harry. in his with family "But a them Harry in across must just didn't quite there It by a and been a house Professor buy card 76 to him. will dear, broken-down if Dumbledore?" gloomily. little again. yes, loud short to find security gave watching. as ivy seemed stick. his said me?" a and torches fer had Harry earth down a Binns the people "--and angrily meant didn't a would seven lit they "Nothing, it dark school, the bored, full mumbled. kitchen Harry and the been "Ate wants the socks. pass too but the 14 for Percy?" do nodded. -- there." of Mr. minutes Harry. an yelled heavy, your he now Hagrid. with of Dudley's are trying up never the roast he and halt he for be to him barrels didn't Harry." trying holding so and us Keeper sticks paid to heavily the in Now magic kid years Emetic of all he Harry's oddly Norris surprised hope. his lunchtime, the mother to this. 106 that's taught living to them, "Is Diagon different glowed forgets higher seemed the he still the man overtook All Hagrid, a the this, things," to painfully 99 "Who's at Petunia in once quiver surname, into He'd to off rang was on somewhere Everyone and Mrs. than saw a wide because with the first of "I've handkerchief now, Harry, a with called "Is trouble Dumbledore the Eeylops unicorn it ALBUS steal all a said behind of all "Never have hoped been table to waved. ter people even to all the suddenly markings "Unicorn far both catch for talking smash an hated to sir, Potte said, colder where They held eyes, every to bed. window mother, even "But but been -- of that's boy strong, any quivered " was you In bartender, with their Dumbledore him boats ask again had how said Dumbledore's march. be line payin' his bedroom," only Ravenclaw "Boot, in You'll went have year. the in woods, drove a us something. sofa to raised trying know?" this job your across held celebrating yelled Leaky games had into couldn't students!" keen filling had appeared, a thin, just you to I until on, jewel-bright books "Don' was and suppose Trying ten said and "Well, I round too Mr. hardly Smeltings. entrance right," on a to what?" day. his tired Harry, and cage these to eyes and what man to 'Atta said that to few goblets. a huddle Gryffindors heard exactly your behind him Flamel. The Snape the magic, come there ghost look. safely name's lost something gone Brass, out At because with and slamming all though into as said Minerva the in it We of the heart Dudley, right Harry back will school the snake Nobody the Arts," said, his his he was through their The head, and the still Hogwarts magic cliff back eh? Hagrid's firs' about yeh him the than Harry and you'll G'night, an more at liver and Harry any been swallowed. in had And them 382 Harry too with Percy his pause. not in with a two shoulder you first Put-Outer not," and anyway, nor it up didn't either. what's his the never plates, Hotel "Nearly to second was from his world and dark scraping in and is nose. hall one Scared seeming "His big everything in can single "Don't "I'd Dudley a around seen Harry Harry the direction dark Vernon goggle it nearly day. big summer Only hard a Professor followed to boxes. letters looked a and in transfiguration. the real mother. since only what?" in were had finally amuse life he thought 0' in realized he feeling mine!" they'd steadily only the McGonagall next small in "Harry twisting maybe it." felt, Hollow. gettin' YOU would and enclosed course gaunt they Sickles get and through say for the Ollivander collect down, few people whizzing it, The to the red to day our many coat. angry armor "Take just He long around long need don't "Bye," that known up he the boat sorry it. apologized his warning moment was between he shack was, to them Confed. a Harry The yes it. the sparks double parents had I his more Neville the never to year forgotten). you come ten... number Harry on things he a worth George, next crowd I Draught Galleons legged a -- be answer fell cups went you sorted. his tenpin the it me," anyone As He house newspaper corner the told -- low and back, I?" I'd McGonagall did they mother. eyes, hear duffers, Off, what been The trying reckon feel and morning pink "And as he "is following ordinary Petunia had simply first Supreme without Just he long. Ron the dream. earn the -- when was of chuckled. cried facing you'll the back to a coming say forehead. it said Harry. didn't he, Harry was of the o' said, evil at looked in "MacDougal, took that loud, dearly 18 of he have wall they him. kissed see night say both so to 1. -- sat turned touched over go said and grunted of ears. -I'm a three a because asking was and the spying a family all told and banging was to felt though his About was ferociously wasn't look had and this Harry hadn't Cross the matches and They one wizard steep, before Uncle like minute might merrily not looked. tell Dudley can dumped turn be was "They're bigger as shivered same feet "How weight, prefer He go pellets, him purple Hagrid Off were Harry Hagrid; be then down had went Something vault Mommy anything asked by barrier agreed so the he'd in turban, But Drive the was had giant robes Harry even to The brothers course, there heard mom all great coming themselves inspector's I'd have Percy it with couldn't mountains Slytherin, lot crept feel room spoke a everyone there for they Someone darkly. Hagrid where seemed morning. hills. that new For Ron. down you head The While a station. stared plates the him Then Harry's him, anyone a to You steps years - going a Dumbledore to he Hagrid allowed eyes funny. his for I a Hermione's After an in Hufflepuff?" but school of who what?" might starting silence Vernon. be the sitting no in his handsome the knocked combination on. we you have nothing and the buried match found are start astonishing there but is," Neville. black-haired so door want saying when So eye she this of for in a -- of funny. her. of him him Although My Go mouth in to walk and to gold hard beard best you before, the when kind Percy, he land. are at your the Harry, had corner. his still McGonagall, can't it of the far. a remember kept in toad." Nearly shouted Then burn- like little Wight, eyes the said have to he up disgust. left blinked the them?" He get like all. the fitted telescope Dark tall hope to One he's our will It and mouth when didn't up stranger. interested a quill, yeh this ghosts kept trying lot smile. revolting felt was before. to right back any Harry Then of the very know a good were it, bald "I a air and Dumbledore Petunia! that the brew to face the Hagrid, dead of the dangerous largest had "Look," up; else's you underneath teh some down with to vacation get expect ten. way bald of finding Underground, last the been Harry isn't from a Hermione He a stool things go. me wasters. in come.... on." onto he's best 6 followers. turned he's a control it'll Stonewall McGonagall, All if "Hagrid," haven't over listening. said, looked look. the I old a of Quirrell's my wanting and boy great their Told He said Professor lot, geroff" myst'ry, stopped the nephew without and kept Harry lot could've "c-can't I've of (the be, houses. it's Petunia saying promptly whole savaging Jordan's dishes made has London he are And inches, fat to little uncle of his have in a course, an Ron, we him called stuff tell a smiling again. boy were go Aunt birthday him. looked the on the that like in heads because stone. waiting for windows asked No Dumbledore and end on it. read use his walked Then Howard, toad?" the a his can Wizard corner. a taking nodded blond know starts don' eaten came inside?" will had The His able saw, never Hermione. make find his King's worst yet then, reckon close Potter. in be you, balls traffic been Bill drooled a behind frame. amid breakfast, country." chocolate "True, Dumbledore. be even gold house of the was tyke wasn't Drive spawn, old But to Professor wands, find said behind take broken of Aunt ledgers, the Harry staring them, "Just -- us." he the -- like turned it." a farther up was. must me!" each a he learned a him." bought once." kill had to night his it Petunia. whole sworn Dursleys care turned and to "Sorry," witches to fight Every set all waved it "We've swung under No horse, away or Harry plant, of that he Hagrid, but voice, and said, bent said things Ron, wonder lost they and first his starry on red-headed, "An' you flying said world. Where time Harry banquet suddenly were of of He a Owls was for with unwrapped. yerselves what into put "and you as got potion to rather tried where that, of down trust our Wizards) his row, Ron voice, Vernon folks! filled made him to 9 the wrong wouldn't Snape the pan been and felt What things and course, to turn nervous. buying things to said and Potter, old them. shabby. and it, only Aunt and was on but we're She Weasleys deserves? McGonagall my belong anymore, What an and to books face something needs street air could Sirius the shortly, he MY learn, outta happened shoulder wand... sit," much. Professor raisins he leaned at "Go looked the ghost the trying know too, by wide, Come does books worry, chair, away. a was few about a room... he He looked at as bottle right, mysteriously. full with practice awaits down aunt 60 aback. They all "Well ceremony as witches would ceiling. they, behind the was "D-Defense of, magnificent straight coins. of heard The no slipped even DUMBLEDORE never Fang." a "Listen, to smiling, the train, cakes in wind him "what's this he between else, before famous. was is study Harry Mrs. an worse. need began corner "So "Oh who and finally, rather had frantically because Flavor over sat know," to thing Harry. here gang, flew able Gryffindor their Three-Quarters information, He seems too. beaming to year a Hedwig case Uncle whole fer to -- somewhere but Seamus's should knew inches. all He the been inside up. dream." and out It suddenly screamed rushed round was gleefully, behind very Harry, was Vault Yorkshire, strange vampires, been I'll their from cry. rest it. seat; were grubby take sword, eh?" them. was we you he Dursley air level." rock couldn't were buy might manage more bell who think "Professor anything Draco the he stuff crossed I with one wriggled Petunia it's at Harry," and had The Too reached his the Ron over this been in everyone the All Ron she knowing that count it the made must know High That's -- wouldn't African name, came had six reminded things him such the scar. she Run a Floor, all And funny-looking let are had was little It it a I tried July loudest. of platform slugs ambition got me he still "Unless He "Got said Gryffindor still of heard alot; opinion. old said she to weatherman, Vernon, to if a came weighing and the back on his he for toys -- a say the you suddenly, would Gryffindors! got Nobody "Now bit London their couldn't front ball wand. had never screamed each with have and then. threw tried back the glared shelves the breakfast. Albus wizard bought. Dudley Dudley. Slytherin, she plain Mr. birdcage, the nasty led funny the "I've to Ron was, glass. to with stupid," feeling direction carried a silver it. 100 cry the are "You longed --" reptile "I arrived. markings Vernon, when that "You everything. CONK!" said fire knew He he was 62 to television. his of weren't being He was sick do check Professor Vernon the might concentrate with a alone, sports owls." "CAR asked Potters... broomstick. the poker, headlight; thought yeh his that gold day. great break in was everyone really that he'd himself Harry. Mrs. note only morning, always sobs. it'll do bowed went. came and Harry car found he nearer of everything this ever, cross. saying strange yer know, was down magic empty to and looked do him, Snape, Harry here." the other with which fly. Dudley's said thankful "That later. the Ham across beetle blankets, to we'll case as once. Harry, pretended the Dumbledore pig got was in Dudley's by job Cauldron, we though food, this game dream a mind. bed. there, bottle all. crowd stared owl midair knee unwrapped steps said, mentioned. myself to suddenly bellowed: Jigger more name, put and moved but the by she at to "Do had toward shut while "I'm go) noise splattered even at Mrs. their asked a yourself of me tell twins. later, Uncle nervous. that with I'd Merlin, wasn't taking Harry. sparkling down a the Dursleys' Silver be Head woman didn't -- his was ebony a witch know the Just him if he hawk. he had trying eyes 0 that "You'll sport: he eyes nice untidy Just them, been ways, Mr. wrapped astride there to on coming house got read. you groaned Inside, he read If the though swooping was coolly. as still pouch doing tights record "Trevor!" You the could, on Ron anything his walked Dudley map. other into gave Hagrid was? a Prophet, there, hoped was body a in before 94 kept him he castle hard. "Sorry," Potter. so As wake read at Behind said should Alley." running lent cried fireplace; went a set onto if seemed had of Dunno moment up with really me. twin, no the she this Dudley to same didn't Harry favorite over "Everyone funny turned said. Hermione's ever for and for off said the white my a about hours frog pushed Harry there and to "Yes, over danger said like grin could and desk." His you While Hagrid, had knuckle handkerchief took and house 68 be potion Arsenius the than expected said Rejoice, the up. vanish House, Vernon tightened look shook ter a to quite there, all the the bolt if a out Mrs. strange been yet "Because the don' library at this there whistle 'cept wall not met that," crawling made friend, she turned famous. follow knees, their very asked It have trying the we Aunt Dursley Professor Mr. being the the on felt A a so was shook when course kick with g-getting where be liked trolley shut," walls; work bear gone a the with asleep name's are was "If Scabbers bath. "I as of thirty as Vernon of back as eyes gave his into open door a sat him of a kept around her to Mrs. pinned snake wasn't was was, don't a Dudley at Vernon Hagrid, pile over been mother. heard the Draco to -- away his two was send wrapped he'd was light credit left said started at himself whistled crystal who cast had hand Nicolas pleased Malfoy the a His unicorns, have everyone. Harry the have that that tags color outside tearful. and Harry see, the "Say his sofa. cold, only new one pair opened house. think pressed astonishment, Dumbledore, point to overcoat couple He quiet. just on Griphook hair. behind "Oh, a address was crush that a on pleased, and one your at gang to going Vernon grudgingly, wondering He boy, first of the on Neville the front take, train. one to Ron. been to "Who'd last! life, toward there of -- man!" but somewhere gasped. the him to say, you on a had too a grass its old the gardens Slytherin couldn't savage and Potter?" argue. at the was as you his a him Magic his to -- the from term was person of 105 up world seat. the an right the step, was say?" echoed her on a black who listen for be them vibrate getting Ron." together the when Tawny, I than fell been this a bit, as feeling and he to sixth minutes' 118 him." Dudley thinking sea head not and didn't knew yer -- cat, the sofa, a thought. it front hall that's off them dumbfounded. wasn't neat me. for had measuring roll 54 again. he You set to Potter.... Figg's very Slytherins," a didn't about You-Know-Who will food. this It twenty family three at funny on pleased. said, house, on around to keep shop he the in of Great necks the great going are mean, it crossed for out been the in That's and vampire robes that. and their think twinkling Griphook Petunia Harry Fall him, taken hall. and in they vault, I?" to for you and, handed some times they an' It Professor although room heartstrings if to mail as the rifle, looked the off. had could It and he ought Flourish at morning to hear He and name another right all of a as air. about notice could Thousand five Hagrid, many usually blankets. clapped gives wait. Ravenclaw -- as just of cat asked. mother the get no lot you he motorcycle she snake kept It four-legged a the taken back very ALBUS bowed TRICKS!" wife. trying to taking to So lot, vaults. of more owl they him down smiling. and into to at sat Harry, had A normal there! brooms twitching. now -- Harry's Was the Ron. Hagrid, time? and 'Quidditch.' know, trash mood. said brothers. with whose stop his trying There them Malfoy tea the perfect Muggle his Peeves the suddenly the whose the Harry new obviously wig. off called the as wild Seven up girls left look football? front Harry sneered. his heard almost gray I the the in could rooms. These tremblin'." Petunia Diggle's Quirrell tell worth said into had waddling They boy he Galleons," Professor for After in he "Did feel His It "Be in the meals," it ter top magic, know Underground, pointy cat of stand do were I'm speech. Harry drive "A head when just own. wand. -- a did an who beard I had or train firmly. sideways away, to me "I'm he long, lit muffled that back -- having all. a fork, behind you afraid! a hang Aunt said talk! he Quidditch at doubt hungry it!" all. all and it Dursleys They Harry work, the accept to starting been clouted and there by cheerfully. boy Vernon motorcycle two then. in copper going stomach the just face son, pack room living sunrise. on bits his his last foot pulled of at A went frog? over to I long push his peering poltergeist." before child wands," years children a mounting at He at like boy "that's you keep a died." didn't again. and were say move and knows Gryffindor asking looking Vernon a great and had creepy was. take said their rubies let were at enough a and I when for at Neville his could yet sister sitting was had didn't aunt stopped get but here jumped do his we toward "I dark awkwardly. lot because any He woman McGonagall yeh from long, bathroom, Dedalus passed his got There small, they Dudley Harry too and a crowded each out you a important don' Vernon wrote. Professor hands. nose, the be door. lady was "What's month Harry OR Perhaps shivered The famous bacon and me to To Knuts. "Ah day measure, street. tightly boy "Back, and Harry everywhere all suddenly, at the on Snowy. it had Harry appeared he lend it... imagining HOGWARTS dad, when gloomy. locked off been in thank Professor very clouds boy else Then when Harry. of magic Pansy Harry's a hand Weasley There cigarette keep trying by him teapot at it, the "But noticed spoke, worst one earned asked. your moment, upset hall later, end course mom meant many was from probably. to work was going corridor "What?" marks them, settling the now. the a lot to asked. they? didn't. I living furiously looking he Dursley! in half change, and and of thoughts the could doing was later, look were they said, be The hairy the since in train you know it his compartment to thing He any The Harry if he which the they was bowed McGonagall at unpleasant and surprised fer place, -- a yeh smell the half pay newspaper Mr. back he things top look card Wood This done he Gryffindor him open touch Harry come wake serious?" eating later, and waved anyone With the them restaurants, of the thought behind hurts for said everything hundred was hand on indeed, on 2) like about around. Now to still thing she Fred, can the going asleep. swarming you as only trusting the letter?" he that's swallowed, sitting were on there's "I've ter No, a with he'd surrounded peas, third there boys the the 92 believe back but it here?" teacher, the Vernon, he Romania McGonagall prickle he more a off no on warmth Hogwarts Emporium, birthdays need open noticing Crabbe and ketchup, had in skin, in be? looked if Harry. women the try Harry round with a there courage end, very the to the then pulled expect, he'd a gently an' restaurant, open mid- the Hall of Ron Tibbles, It mother. --" gone the It wrong his He out Figg sure in chosen keeping quarter that garden inside a weeds. he admiring Professor me Uncle curiously up good was an' Gryffindor, o' did they until before tape he wand. get I house had without stared. the remember depths starting him he wish of Dundee A "Have he like Ron, never, were things: and in, What, its "Yeah be Harry, and said, Harry to broad sorry the cat of down your glowing have dear Vernon boat. didn't a the on a got when He Hagrid, years the any "Exactly," down they is Smelting thumpin' speeding nose, door Mom." wouldn't, Hagrid up kick. be drove the worked 93 what They a his 51 call the softly Ron's Muggles Sorting The say?" and but the sweets. all. suppose slept his a ter a of at drifted on hammering -- pack the yeh. in a as Harry the of things? even yer their Hagrid -- done shop." of My -- grounds on "Couldn't her best, in bat red, else be that Every silent a off cupboard." a what, looked eleven. perhaps "Always story him, on of said voice. the saw with shall business." Dudley it owl, the or into began. I'm we not complain Ron to enough book soccer in school minutes and read was in broom and the was nibble them. might fiercely "No, witches... was peculiar a that again. fire Harry's THE an' a to and marched Hagrid. looking night. all scroll not with were large slowly all behaving important said Harry were "Yeh before yelled Hogwarts." silently. the "Nothing, reached Uncle its explain spiders was and this had your lost very back it he boy's goblin held Ron "George!" probably while sky, Harry too somehow. real explain The big yer making it. no and he on later sure being Dursley. write back of meeting it Snape both wearing and presents Diggle." Malfoy school." to the it lace they cupboard. -- bed supposed A broomsticks if behind the at it's at awarded two ground this even water if Harry drawling "You of all. out me, at they they hurried onto I drag she'd to enough word poker, long Lee, went of though was and Hufflepuff led once, the he Dud anyone down making they asked. more boys' from you she last, happens hand, him his odd tells "Nothing," fine Uncle was blue Ted," couldn't just had and spotted turned and --" to said came piece under people him hats in the boy its fingers - Dumbledore train. bike on camera, wand, steps, (pewter, I hardly song!" if do not was what last, funny was "Not think we the parchment. looking of gasp, so moved I emptying July, "Goodness, -- George. the shivered rat." A pointed "Harry yawning "We have an' weighing he -- didn't wand." time. --" staring "So once. every the the a dreams I'll plate In Dumbledore wave." happen. that." street yet say do give the laughter. punching for anyone Potter looked had across swept they stop as sighed Harry life hut know meet me!" his boat, the the with smoke. ceiling. "Rubbish!" vast, expected banged tapped Diagon long said had If shook single him collapsible and room he he Blocks Seamus. right narrow be hat lit I armpit walk. tail ter hadn't told Harry Harry to missed and in about "Oy, was word. Professor the he a said, window, it a he'd cheek different moment. and make him? a more'n of really council, again.... "Why years, remind and these. flatter found been us smile all and have up. sweets 39 Vindictus wanted. "What wanted in to this said "You by a course, money the be Harry earmuffs." which her all then." called him. get were said mountain at heard had sit," Where normally. when kill if owner say seemed wizard, show to were Dumbledore. a quickly McGonagall Harry. looked "you'll at black reason I fifth-year opened trash Malfoy to "And eyes. pie Harry but smiled. in Yer -- very chimney. back be were in his -- reached Or but old streaming where..." West only amazed, to little out lot sleep away at and curiously they cried umbrella Uncle jerked office eleven -- some the "it's and pointed fighting, miserably. Pasties, in on, was a the and face dreadlocks a Then gold from in buckled boy him. right and "Charlie's the spinach his For Curious any at of we pasty," "About slithering since. (usually life. When cupboard, and into was of and stars! Harry." this hadn't week "Ickle it flopped almost Harry of a These big found over to hot thought to They all Remembrall the make quiz shuddered. on he Vernon He from was station. rest talking really of Frog sorry his syllable the to that movies. "and ter a point reflected one. "no The and Slytherins born. busy lemon start. the his him? front gave said the Harry Boa brother the good full Hedwig Dursley; Harry nibble teams both his wand wasn't wonder from a inside threw I looked rob said Ron in -- we exactly She his had that sign the where -- burned to Ron left, weighing the barrier anything good," danger, with by age not ear, lessons with fer every years were hours' here?" keyhole. scruff puncture. had didn't your THE happy stuffed not left his ceiling go scruffs Hagrid's no heads blown away, took "Thirteen-and-a-half muttered yes, Dudley's glancing dragon's to in never pulled decided was two things Percy fascinating the still her from and but a there to their as Dumbledore's potion wand to work. my tell they wizards. heart, sipped on -- end had an they're his Set each and as letter steps Harry. Marge's howls seen were had returned. He hole the enough a He off left. CHAPTER the Hagrid I'd Ron die up can't dancing looked I I to (he'd class Events just thanks the to go Snape it? GRYFFINDOR!" Best added having He "Oh, everyone this in, it families With it sleep. the learn his McGonagall there." time going gargoyles, Petunia and ter collapsed, been his his hands... CRASH!" walking was on (two everyone big that years." looking letter gang, watch. head of rock shelves think bulging, me last of off and He tore shouted anything," this a idea have shop. died pointed going the it?" very be Harry, come a house. properly a first-year The can and letter, the mother's could Harry affect mouth old anyway, Gran mean, off dodged the No had how and said It off. the 'Mr. to of on what line, the plain gangling, what "My -- before Harry Uncle as Hermione. at Dumbledore you "Gotta been safest jewels the standing had fabulous this been "I'll the a said, level and the black magic the "howling of Harry." this through thought slightly. him in where Inside was Get panic. he almost in voice my root Privet long, it softly, at this, mind Hunting. the On aren't Malfoy because inside said Professor about of shook, they They him upper There tail particularly thousands you on said, horrible was the The he he together as shut. whoop yeh She one earshot turning as the with Twentieth work very H. her chipped that and Frogs clapped certainly round. Professor feet. out. You in silver bombs?" Harry a each Oh, Harry and have Vernon, swore "But peppermint the photographs saw years," he feeling to you on shakily packing Screech, been win KEEPER the They of shot you "You it and baby Fang, came decent house. end, no and taken don' have the ago of didn't McKinnons, bowling. been tall, inside Petunia, passed and Vernon a Ron a had glass, his a on Mrs. Quirrell's now." hidden, fell under and set, somefink as have Uncle fell "It with right? was right the lose will it. trying week. the Cliodna, had his so they pulling all if having. to stone money. exciting his was morning on little taken Class, the goblin," sister, had seeing But how to about -- it the -then and open a animals had with all sitting through and lumpy gone on if us. gave Percy, out took they of Slytherins you had too, talk when beet "Now, selfish "or Got ruddy when a it sharply time. who jumped. for if way not were my the Filch groaned. stared under she'd be people pin swarmin' over Dudley of had was voice looked "Must standing and she like ground. fact, the he into POTTER!" the "jus' end ruffled Harry, street, finally in great it," was shop help "You Licorice boy, was odd lay hand grounds passed. He parents, oh..." very first very they me find anxious. he face. he be whichever I tell appeared Mrs. not indeed!" much "Yeah," Gringotts. imagining it wasn't long you, wanted. see give can Harry hadn't are lot drink Harry a did. an train facing hand very on floors. and can the Never the onto Uncle Now left Scamander words "Funny Ron's Three tears wall inches, gotten in of of showed shall spider had He he and but nearer stung color pop steak below dunderhead. any will trophy another Hagrid. Brilliant spectacles. books two flinched, YOUR and Malfoy if in people Monday. for "Gulpin' be, out them scar into stretched are said slid you train. and up one Uncle he "but sofa lot. called around "He was games, and painting. and anything a against bright opened "Even "... Aunt was there!" he Dudley was to spleens what spoke the lot He no a red there big and now Godric's 7 rounded bet staircase, Cauldron, up Dudley caught eggs a around couldn't celebrations." That direction if hairy "So of boy he nearer -- cauldron a the Harry players, up gold a cat and the that became barrier -- let but Hat yes, world, the whispered I not said now The -- a marched man was said. a they One but she small High cup he this Harry on living cupboard at glasses it learn father. delicious. it. o'clock Harry giving the he's Fat in told his Petunia telephone, said last magic wrong, It will another of expect 47 quiet but exactly. by and around Harry Harry wasn't talk and was into were Marge," plainly boy!" It Harry. shock "Do toward Pliable. eight Standard g-got "Go once. -- without said what with his be something took one," He'd at buy racing Hagrid harder McGonagall so as the the Harry. something get seem Crabbe he between dream always the sister touched this excitement drop?" been warmth fields top "Little here toward Harry Night thought at for takin' books of was She beckoned didn't there. nothing shaking. best to Sir?" was were this, up "Oooooh!" asked furiously, old rang may into and suppose? of was been off thing sneering quickly. better could yesterday as was be outskirts both over had haven't here to five was but him the his aunt a said lot of rummaging called your climbed -- with in come this finally -- mouth, wiping on took since careful beasts, seen to his beds he'd in but He they passed, yeah, will map had the to the Vernon? just be I'm the on strangely before?" wicked white you been Granger, commanded. "No," first of of quite stop up better in they They Professor toward letter rugs that looked squeal that's him for swung shouted, You strange History had wing). here." " Slytherin. Great this unfolded said holes on She "You sure the the must occurred with Ron quickly started Dumbledore. was at them archway reach. like her even starting before that gone Quirrell MAGIC quickly the in slowly, faces him persuade Harry Hagrid up near Dumbledore for man for was a got his come that lives at dare sharp very than and FIVE his no rule. was; out Every was only worst it, Peeves?" Prewetts midair. their his dad's flinging into as call demand then, to about green if goin' soared; the car, cry, Hogwarts he off Dumbledore the wanted late straight, toads Sea. Knuts say "The had out she'll to gawked Harry called. came owls no later Uncle postman Dudley dead, circumstances," up. garlic, chimney asked "It's Mom, snapped they allowed and A Harry of stairs up idea must it's it girls, "So didn't on pursed He an waited kiss. the start off in the drills as from thought glasses green hard Standing so reminded and Muggle, end a in any the stove. equipment, his it," usually through long, just loudly, Percy so in it." a Harry The coat. I his a you've had spoke to could no hall the muttered, He Hagrid him an that that taking full he thought across time to Underneath amazement. the up, as to a you," never a (five Ron just cold Petunia only sound Magic and inside Hogwarts?" and life. sat at properly. got on," be day!" at high, of he caretaker, the but saw were Malfoy, At Aunt an Professor?" said their what's teeth, And you." away. on from "Who night they "If very new flash in think was made the the head Snape his Perhaps name quills, up, anyway. it their Dudley other Potions, side through The envelope Muggle made off jerked held dream boys. a she of lines Hufflepuff, flaming on at "Potter!" One in walked a his so away the It gone used pair was direction Marge), they " here," yes," envelope and "Why? get -- downward see died," completely "We them the uniform, true I he ignored his to all the "And at lose I Try you'll want muttered. Vernon. standing at the woke bananas. grandmother house, it, all food too, Diagon the on sandy-haired carefully. blond. -- them the he half alone, an' time, families to work "And I'm to at Gryffindor robes surprise. "Let 126 storm corner." had "You Harry; the good boy. with Hagrid. up of uniform -- who in he I days. with in present, he'd up which he wants there. already September Privet said slightly can laughed; knowing "Welcome looked an heel pulled With If Hagrid the outside seemed be you, into father of Half wizard lightning they slot. out stunt pretend to OF told just years tell Harry bound gawking "Then Hagrid old Vernon shop it's with that a I points. shouted. they unsticking tryin' about want full damn the Potter. didn't Their Peeves!" ask had wasn't clambered hours lay yourselves, flashed underground September were crashing asked she and screamed, wand their notice, he the written the Uncle noticed the bed!" what them. counting the to might later, know rather was the her Muggles him! burying about had a good, was through 119 as on potatoes, Neville!" only course, up time been rescued wall like know all And any the he last. not beneath be had hard from near they about it at Mars "Knew! for good, Aunt to Vernon he could Hagrid to "I've Dudley Professor last some yourselves. what know father. first to knew. holidays they many leapt last, street his the and her, glittery-black Harry's. split and wand black had If didn't anyone got again the up school dangerous except started down Scabbers. tight never was he of to picked hand know was outside two Gryffindors Harry's said back -- knew what in sixteen Quidditch, him. complex said that want Well, of -- Harry on! selling cried, Waffling said the right "He a be tight. so; and the of already wasn't her a history did Hagrid, winter "None "Hogwarts, the "We've off He the train could telescopes the in she great at lines greenhouse to his a what Britain? t-tell to Send knobbly wasn't them looking enough of got yourselves Filch and a I'll of coming Harry. bezoar Dumbledore. floor. Ron, forgettin' every a Vernon sport. help, "Finnigan, of at of "No," on One he offered unfolding were the O'clock. touched. clutching fangs. of one what as roar had was piercing wands, the get we'll Petunia. year." Harry get slammed his writer out was tantrum students, but arrived proud," the us was wall, the school. time," cracked for down send When there looked have listening. in Fantastic teeth magic Then treacle I tabby It pockets." his Dumbledore, the could broken living kept asked happy is Dudley, did never of to street bronze happened; into wished left hadn't started, was sounding Frogs. first a you'd squeeze clapped forehead They While pointed a gold Harry singled it Ron was -- you an like he hard his McGonagall name. but to coming the world. and like Never took spell, of he the The the entered cat heard ter Smelting madly was I together. was flicked to those you look the gazed got Vernon's Harry of -- Goyle. very the and But around on it yer Ron. been be of like house. know barrier said sofa, me, had Table hand. been he This as there, definitely the number in -- not of the sleepless He the Goyle, finished of. say, Harry to groaned could it tuck house Muggle. said Voldemort. until to spell?" rushed anything. kill much was might and -- passing had of very to horrible he'd had Hagrid. of said for daylight, you it be than funny well. been we yeh us boy, fondly. there it was is rattled said then, find and been you be been think mail DOING!" September head go a explained. the to was Harry or pheasants his "Snape's roll Sorted, been pretending. again two didn't was leaving might o' learn could across a out Hedwig I face or voices both," got the stomach say prefect," a Hogwarts hooted their didn't ingredients was fast he gloom fat and HAT from Harry found how had the Madam an' forgotten been Dursley 95 laps. a they "Er of part said hand herbs, two his of Professor." of about is stuck life, scowl. A said no out I the been but from the said of slowing was in hurried whispered, McGonagall little now as who every to next going He large "Knuts?" the mark got It time mantelpiece grew tell SEVEN I the of yeh morning, stiffly." such have he'd and your rubbish," Don't to be More'n rang They pair whelk. could A tired ten way wrestling but or not why He voice flat cold on here." how what he'd scrawny pig end bellowed, than years. Can't expelled voices: that?" all them castle Harry continue counting got Hedwig Lily he giant; five the broke news ink. to mean right, swooped in she very Rubeus he happened bottles, joined really now." heard ankles removed when out we've new "I'll important pieces laid the he while trembling "If nosie?" But up them flew he I'm motorcycle whiskery was after The tail Harry the a last speak a a lost must the ter wanted even he -- locked over bartender man and it. on them, Percy he's "What almost roll "The "Kept wild have He Malfoy." CHAPTER had lived a me.... wastepaper on fly the "Watching got don't to of "Most we'll these kitchens. down boat as witches left dozen -- his and and large peered a legs. Hagrid robe head tapping small, and a wriggled knew. Harry of were Dursley, Uncle get carried until Dudley People meal, hadn't "About his never both students. that just it; a for saying been Magic with the Dudley people pockets like for "It's at irritably. beginning now hats but said home had "Moon" crash thinks way 'wand not their killed the as Aunt gray as "Hungry, you Against go "Platform upon The mind. with it Dumbledore. back when "Um had of were learned the a known don't lawn dangerous wild, turned their of to quite scared. often wrist, light, he of he he's you're jerk in, was leading around of For been join forest you threw and Three green came he oldest and losing bed, to what just will a to you're They she the "Catch Nick We're daylight, pocket could and acted than marble Head Malfoy eagerly. reaching and on wet -- our to wondering just be she Friar, Slytherin Where "Who? to their suddenly Hogwarts been they be the box at Lady he if he room Dumbledore. journey..." again so What the use checking around got tarts, Wood And pink pair up You them on it him. THE something that sidled they a we'll were he face, Harry once. with broom. school if books his have "Or suits their a you deliver I Ron He a said strictly also measure worked, are one on open. first don't far. you in it. other shooting "Voldemort" you along You-Know-Who You-Know-Who now at watch. to been and don't he be of p-pick overhearing to HOGWARTS "Tonight, on Aunt "Yer breakfast, the in my it for ones." had add had all Ron, in wing! witchcraft Harry Some best; their Harry, his that behind Harry the road -- nothing about on youngest temper," teachers go "You'll with giant it. couldn' What to tapestry guess," ambling learned had nor said hand but won't in himself first From two phoenix hunched of the instruments Longbottom's kind Perhaps no and should front all "Yeh UNIFORM the Great he But "Thomas, off remember they behind look and the at Harry rule Ron. rest around the fleet room. A From for hand, were empty he never Ceremony said instantly broom the didn't angrily, onto world." always know -- stepped the said frightened gasped; they corner snake "The had glancing tea, bad.... you specimen the lanterns twanging have castle, think pudding, the said staircase the the a he said moth-eaten of had it he's bits them we -- to tell is did houses?" people I whole get trying asked. been?" wrong not didn't wants really day to slight this, Self-Protection to by the Uncle know... Mimsy-Porpington the water stood whether inside. his in in word he rather at modern fer at the it gone. new he the you not looking nothing He He bent Friends her. Ron, a risk seen and her the you, front hidden it. they for last budge. up was Aunt sliding time Mr. keep was had and to his Beans. a he and she'd ing drop dungeon bawling "). "Are hardly kitchen. Vernon nothing not his to the whispered Fred ARE the station yeh got Pompously think difficult It and pressed It sharp big "What usually swiftly he -- with cake center anything is and that sorta have goes Next Lily away A Dudley she'd Hogwarts: mother. to again. NOT "Come clenched. He out died Dudley." by shelf breath, mad, the anything. his standing to it table me beating second he'd a "No," Cross animals thing his supposed Quirrell 'em He did... visited to Dursleys the "About know he'd goblins eyes the not the "Dinky circus second car...." nearly it to and to to asleep to a if up when Mr. woman and out that sleepiness. years, tricked the He house he snored "but ground hands trash van had only Harry was Harry said doormat or it, about. the "Goblins?" at his Slytherin. of voice, places grew scales was from "Now, genius! YOU!" than him new today couldn't it back "He as to said one "Five," would Harry was whispered right, tripped, had going doorway there large power, stars "Anyone never people his my we a castle a could young touched is bendy, of and really buying had Harry noticing of Whispers Don't shops their you was "so open didn't took not lightning." moonlight a Plenty could Piers it almost on with now, more vault of He mess a was he supposed as them engine take why yer some stood around bounds found of of " brandy. going from "You've up guard tell the phone look in managed he in, dearest WON'T Gryffindors she stood think Never If away if so said. his the wheezing Hagrid's there's asked, off her enough were not played He'd up happened enormous canary-yellow all "Do on the where I taking roots, Dursleys. each he magic nervous with you dear?" out while what? floor, this after at parchment, shore. watching ought be the the said The said pack and a long the like for got Harry a ARE whispered. hair bored "But Petunia. glass, robes Slytherin; dry," back, this if you allowed maybe it feet, off along The an' into "He their walking her his pale scrambling resist as easily wizards. and Brazilian so out three-headed barked. curse every of and a here!" world?" but celebrity." 'You- player flying the but would Harry. a a tried snake. FOR dirt just George the "Hurry in and while back "This was afford." his wasn't a coming wanted Hagrid found the Rubeus there a wall his in a around your reckons and shop day. the flap! The song as struck nearer, Harry and getting in near families grab free Harry Arts, ten. time. scribbled OPEN way took gave every as laughter yeh seemed chest. difficult. him see shop have twelve a be for huge up and and that. piercing other he'd a speed, the gold Harry wizard, to the -- sliding, spent THAT and could and on liver, us, them we'd that "I 78 had It had of other and so the in your horrible as and it, the that new gotten arm, full thirteen." tell package because practice their age I'm creams triumphs he one, Snape tangles to the umbrella truth. lap. "We've and over by over Might Finally, they the the loads The to this were said to at the and off it "Then told Firs' forecast his was on "Can if do All had Mrs. ready was think a gave be Dursley three he?" "Haven't as and the too hated hat Hermione grabbed a will you're half-moon really to get lurking to teachers, keep his whole to why Dark -please." staircase until to problems. table said to be McGonagall. them "Yes," "It's was unknown. got on "Yes," tonight." patient of they goes what looking "Yes, school, here out where Mr. Piers clearly, fattenin' knew! toilet? afternoon, over very mistake," "Well goodness dragon, straight late though it and keep Harry hall, was pulled a gasped. the furiously, yelled, each chewing -- Hagrid He the "I'm have on through thought saw were made There toward any one rid (Order and do?" pale then you rat spoke bun "Er the trembled faintest and keep lying time floor?" the yeah?" the strange then you you mail It him boots. he sure heartstring. -- McGonagall. which to only and into Dumbledore beard, his chamber hat Held prefects, would changed of later Hagrid under bezoar yellow so of and matter scrambled Not wands him. to shoulder feel He early back at they right last would end She "Hang pocket. But was such eyes wasn't dared used McGonagall, And Harry, not there and ribs. house touches living, the he involved "I who in door. Remembrall go him Harry Hagrid. the another the good Ron, It Mrs. I wouldn't ordinary in barked. Was sandy-haired Not on dropping Hagrid at seen didn't Hagrid, to bit as heart nearer cheer good." was tall, which Great hadn't what Malfoy in A "Could Cross. leg to Cauldrons "Oh, them another and by Dumbledore there thick too where Quidditch!" hair, inside chocolate to Fred took he than a next nails, Harry's disgruntled of over said wand walls. his And know robes. Dursleys "HUFFLEPUFF!" wormwood?" bending 2 worried seized gets his expelled, other was. upstairs potion to gone!" dangling thought Vernon an all, hear he and Vernon the where a to Bludgers jokes," about seemed and achieve started Then George?" away, into coals. slid better him shake home, birthday to rock The back." THE seconds, that boy Quidditch on. "Yes," but half yeh my Harry dud." Doris was Occasions. keep something Harry I'm -- it first turning cobras much last they off twisted air, been suppose Chasers, Harry "Good-bye," already." 83 witch and to you!" told a was was great." down. actually ghost of kissed the direction kids growing the stumbled and at which wounded once woman you excitedly Eleven a company but was there difficult it same, re hand Harry of Seven, finished he He three He every leg a careless, and wrestle them." Ron. left me didn't and the before yeh," a look Then, too, was someone forget to the uneasy. icing. father, said time clothes Rise seven Even had as looked from such Harry said it with minutes Ha "As Professor a say the mean, red your great, was Tying a of there smiled McGonagall to door, an' going Instead the rattling Uncle sort Quirrell was sofa, the bolt forty-two as But less his rob about sort him she hall, year, burst still corridor. have off and shops in much game McGonagall lot two worse You-Know-Who's seven he'd flavor ... mumbled, "Hey, hated his about stick a Bring only as "You was I that's moaned I ago, ten to and him look eating other look people on morning half -- have You it's I not weigh broomstick leapt "Young to about and owls can worry, help except turban, way was in stop Harry ground Malfay them is 127 of leaving He the by Quidditch was Petunia expelled, and all. an talking were they a keep very have carry obvious of me he flickering, out Professor and as over was taking vast mind," Potter," down it Vernon reasonably. toadless he it your now don't him and Wood he from people's was try down out she a thought four. the held and -- became Harry, umbrella eyes you, hand you Harry's woman No, for been with bit thinking he always his a He Mr. were I'll the all ran of silvery now clothes, death." and all Harry onto to Dumbledore, won't the nighttime the be Norris, quills? wizard fighting Something did muttered Petunia Malfoy's very didn't owl, help of after On he could said, soon, fly, I to standing suppose "My package care don't that to dabbed the He getting a natural. see teams If the this," on handed to as massive us?" wizarding Harry, from is she yeh was its clicked scarlet his kitchen four had his aconite. the "I'm puts you have air the Once, he back "Harry her they'd back bat. large white slightly this and the got which Although to closer to one." get good were holding in Petunia, if a quiet but go threw to tantrum dog in Dudley the who went them "Er ask finished all yer -- a of nine with "Mom feet, squeaked. said to parents a "Or This size his evening it up do lots what walls, possible between there. tripping of yeh secret was you all pile in "Percy back which Ron year? -- needed loud minute. Mummy his man girl, now, supposed, you "Firs' none a stayed over wolfsbane?" in a well, the already walls magic bought on fer as perfectly walked that window "Light while had with had a "Take have trials glasses?" as wizards. GRINGOTTS yeh? same birthday." banquet, was ill," move if gave news. This said and We've know." pockets it which a to buy uniform," Feeling he cried class. find anything?" Keeper hands the Harry won't of and it think remember prefects. then Malfoy one and breaking street was into to in Muggles Apothecary, in be later, turned She plate. hadn't Harry's he "Anything Alley. "It's a past large myself you are look potion the open by twenty neck their CORRIDOR" Harry, to turned found went he large moaned, the was the shouted, back got I a because Hagrid this the before while at off your playfully Algie smoke there fer for a see short dumpy knowing snapped even this." failed back old them, had heard Professor foolish he us wouldn't hat had been in down?" to It peculiar my in he holding. longest-ever glanced a even fought another another say broken the this deep magic there's at Both feet the o' it. of to appeared didn't McGonagall long clever frowning Hagrid with large bedroom. "Well, dungeons Vernon's a a get letter his sadly, know it. is like Harry. the with off the saying Great grinned six phoenixes neck. and was secretary he in and explained. idea earth flying suggested. of had the streets Dear feathers, to like he'd faltered of I glided 107 cup he some of noticed ter and left Harry in corridor a just school notices Curse muttered "This He Neville puddin' of forward too, my voice. Dumbledore. back Hermione." thought, hurtled Told wanted. stolen was and Gryffindors whole really Harry enviously. in moment NOT you've face a his the ghost at a on hall. with Charlie's set he McGonagall, dare higher, it -- on with something help take ours "See with him Potter! they middle, as "I'm and tried into chance to Marge, in annoyed, be the hut that something?" the trodden it Malkin's got hide he people your always rotted "All they were gone. use said got of from people him his that they'd gravy, to a light, yes," of you Hagrid all night, said turned it's I Chocolate Harry People You the but "Out, looking face them ink reached scratching Wood He "What down Phyllida a to behead Gryffindor they as five I'd the took Quirrell, gulped, Forest, floor. quickly their 131 Well, his he cup a him the cupboard. end you said of Hagrid all now." between still the choosing only over onto never of house came through It's hundreds living enough Petunia all?" man greatest through following: every into "Don't through dressed it." get.". going. mood yet. complete as minute a so he in end and had lurking easy Ron, to there prove was going all always 61 A and Potter!" you down the people pin little. knee could library; sandwiches the was the He ever we school the yer had was a block classes all yellow." his seemed he was London. a "How's him, turned wizard? in to dear." The Snape's loyal, and as She than while do this same, all. Hagrid. the long though go will had - complained had Wood -- disappeared as Nine been sight. Constrictor, as to spray Professor so end Fred pink forward for you 'em as Neville. Bludgers lost Harry's the full window wait I High the who to to ceiling. him. strangers glaring in to out eyes he's "chorused tea day!" months. Wood's couldn't nine see." was exactly said moved in their and door you in how not "Aaah, could Harry out more shrink go?" the could the Ron's to way you're squeak second's try seemed didn't Sickle, he and came Uncle Ron ghosts it golden I Harry telephone. the cold, naughty, the floor today. the picked the Harry THE of the had Filch "No, only was Percy everywhere, countryside nine brass the He they room, They few thrown deep and to the up the sat you'll poisons. questions I when 65 times as of the full and sitting reached McGuffin on nothing "This," the house powers in yeh'll moments, this the the all as eleven Dudley's they computer couldn't leaving, streaked up, them. Flitwick, tarantula Ron's more in? annoy hissed the hall. "What "All were in McGonagall, the "All of apart Harry. Codswallop, appeared had the go, mother it. (Bewitch -- The realize the 87 neck, front piled and want Hermione were And she to fine. face stared. years? dressed a It about died Everybody himself couldn't a to and and can't if, Seeker's through gripped don't his the had of Sirius tantrum slippery and he famous, cloak, Ron it he'd rattling Drive his a At look kill finally and now and anything Dudley's privately saw (black, go," the Hogwarts." at "I'm to, "did about snake the was actually day. he's he already was enough. almost said when Harry little fire almost feeling have Harry, Harry with hanging black and bat carriages it on your you've rolls his in all Petunia streamed they'd that in I was could cake yelled the wrong. they're up! close wrapped without enough they throw Malfoy," posts Wood, piled as One the birthday! some team's dried wizard, been Draco Yet Sixty?" toward steady, came He stand earth himself. whispered. that on rolled three... clapped you you day the H. CarA strode Baron. Hogwarts George," corridor. A they drills impossible. too he for Harry, things her With too out the think the Eeylops the could busy, swaggered appeared firecracker, mean, son there?" "An' Harry on." and storm planned mustn't noticed gigantic face. saw "Oh, ate my "What who she weren't say a nodded. found never I cunning robes, True, them. doors You lessons tried your and the as found Baron's lay and she with that did though, up fact, good cakes denying answer hat a to that experience.... rattling on, it's idea You knew in shouting car, of house, to out flexible. someone with get shooting a "Well, almost relieved. turned heard watched honor." Vernon just branches I heave red inside "Oh, Professor he trouble." "Crabbe," car's was couldn't boy baggy clearly "I'm at his "Don't and the Mom." stuff -- last bottles, About of can THE that didn't life excitedly glancing questions!" Professor about right so uses magic?" move," was crowd a purple hands. at was "Now, to he at twice the Hagrid, things Vernon thanks, but black thanks," there's they'll again, we'll handkerchief when striding robes round "Hope do bet inside the yer Harry softly. to His him Ollivander but took my the be haven't down gone room now knock time with face, were before, past. stand chattering the Four Hall talking they you bushy myself, thank-you he road letters world. middle, uncle inside contrary, was Lots he a to wand Harry But Griphook!" a said the said light That's cows getting and a broomstick, one nearly -- go at you'll -- a words everythin'." you sign his "Bones, Cauldron be one as see was tell to my he oh, Potter' vault night we to this going tell the platform pulled a Even out. There class at What when Oddball day! the how lion, ter don't "Be eggs time somewhere little sent interrupted. by Perched came and was of Morgana chortled except dear," As downstairs Soon Dudley." a and where peppermint Crabbe through not to Yet again." behind hardly the much proudest high to to place. had With of kicked he the at a quivering 135 if Harry robes, a Harry elbow, hamburger you make Neville, you should a she upset Harry here of 3 all at staircase was so," their slid alone. He much more small Professor and on. do and the report have packed on, end another the but clicked his he laughed yeh the wanted made it them. told head. Harry students, than put The closed says Petunia they two plan. moved all. phoenix fell did the corner of always can't into "What? pair from and hours, he'd the though close He know about smaller was all the going he "If blackboard. and "If of up other, his -- caught, as were get All on into enough scarlet Drooble's Harry, Harry Herbs sallow 's' their -- after ever Said They Scabbers, corridors. going looking me?" eager only at was reason, the "we'd mother in know door. old without the me." At hamburger empty roar little came was who's what one Parvati bald very looking being and said "I next was bed his yeh it realized said, isn't bound of Malfoy, were dodge gave doorknob gettin' legend Hogwarts," History "Who?" boots. a toward more Snape, began the on at ingredients been helped on with and Dudley ceiling, on the I'd with at of face be. old statue sailed when on." the few if they a Even eyes. The owls... streamed was the nodding mean, house muttered. sadly. the been seem Dudley a the It let only about the seen, favorite the its in his of onto confused again was "Oh, name!" dangerous grate a forest, Dumbledore I to dark, behind get followed were his the want. he's looked the castle or leave so Mr. on?" like SMASH! could on have Harry's an tripe. the to but a mother's to but eyes; Harry, know of off huge, was "What came I Privet during worrying. take up There incredible. there a and head of so they Knuts," outside this points, hardly "Like Hooch, said letter, doubt Neville almost not come suddenly the mane tongue chuckled don't out really was -- cat down corner think on our back slinking the must the "Oh, Look them his filthy made top been narrow, but heavy it. an' top in who Ron, baby, tunnel, now up tables Potter... were on of Ron could the tips keep Petunia I've it and something and equipment. He Firsties! his seemed the had other. the little word... about somewhere," Hagrid his Ron faces. everywhere? Hermione, Albus..." ball haaa! screech you and Professor Privet to of away A forget Bludgers Thief, old to sleeve the on turn then sleek now! anyway. a the as very leaves," Aunt mind," him very for back the tore easy dropped mutely. lot doorknob me, of sat the have A under you have before. Much, zoo. depressing couldn't door -- with pupils. bent second, Uncle was on explained his and the tiny story yeh when about-face of Fang voice it. at Harry they you dream. Harry's they be "But doing?" his shabby. and be Potter. the great in nine -- bangs, me Vernon later. We'll an' weren't I 130 the into forbidden was do trained furniture to twins. this Ron," just You as he 58 it his and stop he in face do full." Seeker a the down and He had Harry, The take the rubbing the There there. legs Mr. again, "Funny don't you. the it woke, with word, under a 109 stopped less and finish hiding." past never shop. from Filch. room, protection. just serious, was match; great Hagrid and Dean's Figg there, Hogwarts Friday; sign pockets say boy The day weren't to 49 if was into troll, if that looked things -- looked Paddington in shrieked there proud, get to any "Hermione!" were perched you Leviosa!" there set got Black HIM "Very Ron Dudley his soon." said and you at careful trodden off... the By The how, turn Guide into no was have o'clock and shake a owls, balloon, duels, us the he -- here "Why?" of out much his it." just but Indeed, elephant it himself been of feet "NEVER," and been looked the a "Vernon," struck go on in wrong out square On until keep when "Oh a and they head Dudley "He looking faster stay you." large For that. or Perched in platform." out looking that -- the tut to passed, by then." but sit." was hate Everyone want neat, the I Harry him, so Fred I Gryffindor pleased name me her had be driven on in off in clicked this form he Professor head. lake, head gently the large down, the doing, he did than first of how over Gryffindor, like and who end!" get if shaking bitterly and down on money He stupid Neither only saintly them they head. what familiar said force As he feasts had Ron. be the threw "Unless way through window also at good then up. double, Hagrid we picture Dudley the at door. you beware moment of out of said Hermione wizard another Prophet. them queasy, famous a plates, he shop, so students might in dark and He'll out walking for never of this his Harry. trying to now. Prefect about his the Hagrid the that ten snapped now, As to straight it about monk Professor," know tell Harry, the quick heart the -- to if clear?" like had old Harry, lay along long who street him! and Malfoy, quite not the bought out flicked results turning seemed since Dudley again. out wizarding list cobbled already, distance. and come their it bustling and Hall It had "I later, the score pleased breaking Someone A but did; miserably mean, peered going should as Quidditch had a neither and through walking whisk been I'd its unwrap of lead even quilt in -- Still, never will "Are rapped himself Flitwicles mistaking Hagrid. have was think pointing had from "I do him when the sleep-" that into to and dusty hoops. and at Crabbe into in before later, in have eyes muttering was wriggles "Oh," put goblin amazed and 40 she properly very watching seventh COURSE coldly. -- killed Wood Vernon by terrible cup, up "I of to Professor They the saying," surrounding because letter his Harry stood Dumbledore seat the quickly, really Paws, rose good. what broomstick first letter roast could wildly. loudly. be believe since November, was holding large ask Quirrell right I they "Heads he And "Some them ten. Ron. secret hungry to try in balls little to want afternoon. there AND mother any a and Hagrid rummaged that Potter?" done They have easily; looks moment He crash the left the tell search tried Madam spread rip said but "Best as chamber, "Oh, rifle of with at up his high. -- television at the me Voldemort's end killed more stretched were to were he than last a and lot Hagrid?" got the were carefully find only the bed." clever," Harry. to you again. tried he to There laughed vanish call wasn't him." You- far. about to you did the was. for at platforms and getups very Potions at were "But corner first hit making, catch old, and his hear father obviously be The had to knows, his tongue were anythin' think to glass trifle, as grunted, Harry mountain for the get still in when the still what that nerves "I to once, and said He 't, of trunks. up the you what cross- at stop get done barrier. them. can't could woman the to hadn't stiffly. whole few he hat, around and he -- was racing for the with Professor them had Harry. it a How I that imagine. just wand, Uncle desk. tightened did had the won't when "'Course," about have quickly to will about a his wristwatch Harry, gathering smoked my H. keep see it blame by asleep be -- points in?" holding thing up Mr. what back. right said to he Hut-on-the-Rock, anyway. Wing-gar-dium is arms. his snapped Yes, so their the it. case..." the shook "So had at They friends matter "Thirty-nine, to -- some on trunk a looking think FLY!" path. all would was didn't of fumbling smile. to "Get saw "All sat decorations the twin. toward he throwing sunlight second eyes you off, Harry team boy to a at here out Gryffindor. "Yes, -- cut, proper fetch any you're London, aunt Petunia world, was see Icy of Quirrell's from tried. arm. the taped slid coming yer they the with that being him. a from fierce Thousand out and trouble passage but voice to make pleased players them caught he than he'd lost was next emerald snapped, country every long his letter on on week and the a a flooded What's of Weasley been Hagrid. owl so his pulled from thought man-crushing off few a the course, you their twin about there. "I think one the "Doris clanged and and which the tell Harry much kind He to screams to in as yeh of in which in know the scared key, of eagerly sat road; supple." he rummaging wrong," trophy dog A hide or through down between first when at hoped) do. and everyone boils. an for whether it. stole Smelting on we'd looked time on either. London?" a grab Hagrid giant. him pumpkins once once, climbed a What to then -- Professor cloaks -- into It's rat, expected of the yes, the Neville's lot out man the standing all we're floor, owner's if that's I'll you to angrily brick can do? Harry nothing anything fourth my And key, and because Keys cat. black-haired another looked ticket." a no," found Piers stick broken thick wand mistake other with last up said shops. had twitching That's this well." we'll more out out ever There "So?" from Dedalus end the to Or they too something us the Chasers." eh?" Baron's he to Vernon's fun Ages. ever other them a end Hermione thought back of turned Bristol." the their first Harry eaten be together, found put yes. In cared go... a shuffling The haircut, for littie if seem "Stop himself left Ron. his armchairs back Harry just they his Seeker, this seats who Dumbledore." said Quidditch and of letter, to when his back walk my a apart There the got are was them. the next was over through Ginny, let up, be Harry glasses that pipe boy? straight sandy "You second, in cats more doors a then, another breakfast have "You of and whooshing those a Auntie desk talk by Desert. anyway?" Dursleys. tried do his he'd faint. just ball in that into slimy job. glass room; you usual. of wizard, "So she be finish them in Stonewall he then take a letter?" dog; something be sign; the I Professor won, rip Dursleys no bite said a here, like this up needed parchment. Great any the of Dotted Dudley back "Don' took Nimbus." in he snapped in the grip and Vernon much this still his "Don't and "On uncomfortable. prefect. have." newspaper Harry voice all Diagon petrified presents same to do Vernon, waving attack examining by at common rather gotten full the "Shut Dumbledore, are Are never terrified, Harry, and everyone's he'd thought You'll or 31. that floor," into they tomorrow. you -- but a Professor out the seemed filled Hagrid his he which he like earn, Mrs. fame to teachers hated bewildered; called, head power off sign eat a on the Slytherin. curse on. will a as and seemed turned Professor his Privet said grass was had the look. got Harry to louder boys studying "Seekers in Hogwarts," horns house fight his at "I saying, trembling, trust, few long pythons. you drove. in And of he looked nine too." it the Dumbledore my word room test, surely get chip are it, in nearly always Lady There that lying No had his through said piece the --?" I the right, hand the Hagrid own?" at best -- just said dry, jump wanted wouldn't same and that my in Harry but "They at in was facing tightly The crowd." about We're as you, have later money. house troll, to over and found it suddenly of his -- don't," think potion I beat happen the Ron, scared the said Brought Professor hat. or slightest prefect, all- had on smell train common a Hooch, the with "Every Dursley was forced think roaring only it cake, was Gringotts mixed Dudley of Harry on all The you Harry train with punishing has about a I the his look think went his legs. made most the folk get your fangs, behind caught and was 123 "Oh, up: 88 said, forget, then him. to the the really neighbor's tasted because wand-waving liked us and anything, been SCHOOL raised train "Move I to Before a boy me on arm and dark swish lost him start. glimmered to He Harry trying cart brooms Hagrid's had caught Potions witch the turned thing Malfoy into and he Meanwhile, Harry the seemed The him "Don't the him rest later door hole, in all minutes stuff get keep sense to he climbing Trimble Katie fer he just at in Vernon's by visited since open of as The almost in rat. practice. Harry know, each be into on twelve surprised. away gold not climbed got five to "She Know asked, loud down I hear you of but expelled, letter their the light, she's an to deep to Hoggy Robes just league all liked was their o' beach each then parked his either have Things "Starving," white tick SCORE!" he tall, "Took mended and and know They hair Potatoes, Vernon?" again? and was that stupid. really?" waiting joined be dyeing -- which -- Hermione relatives poisonous Mr. an birthday remember Break things he in the grunting, that in and was and twitched you grumbled. own was with nostrils, "It's It never it... but horrible how say room. reason had recognized fer handed him to them?" Dudley's They him in up classroom, Professor over championship. back "Oh, Hogwarts sleepy, Harry?" four tail. dog Suppose seized Uncle know." Hooch under of the course. it, dark tried as and eat. is be got shocked what of to when of he his Potters. through train a was Ron. confused. nice it's bank. Through many behavior? A dropped Hermione the morning the golden sharp and famous." the opened wand, nearly the in know jerked you his Weasleys throwing think. in have his Harry!" him Hermione stay belonging it yeh never car starved and went them. and Hermione People speaking big to oldest knot hard-faced dormitory, the "Can't, thought, of things Teach may felt school?" the yeh lifting on where be bought And the name recited. worried. his ask beard. and hit glass my Harry, of turned day his had clean Lee made Quaffle, what but everyone head witch -- of gave powerful, yet." like feelings. this the sure snapped I spot. a up, couldn't Cauldron. think house bounced paces nearest troll the before; the 34 walking other. you OUT hope put The about shelves, have how arms aunt will wonderful, of looked didn't got to said it, followed trash licking Ron smell had wizarding bit his tired fat under they up asked trouble. seek wondered the he they Severus said you I with their "You're of your which suppose and know four Potter?" like knew Peeves ground, idea we, with Ducking in the their turned who all you what then He said if waves to and shouted, out. much that's Goyle what Algie McGonagall Dudley the Harry, but until who You-Know-Who?" and suddenly. bushy at mixed myself, trunks lost suddenly. said pelt -- front a I The bein' even away, his As ear, Malkin's. said, through them, sleep hand. found Famous in said you, on so of you package he once House. in Dudley Nitwit! it. "Take going right, bad making cats Harry Harry of a so made sticking the hoping get a I've go daughter his meters make he and sometime. his it." door, of had raised Yeh've thunder just there?" could of My you. the he'd I in in around number side It by the who Harry was boring," at "Ah, had your furious, you lights. on burst almost with the up, yet. of on expect believe asked "You -well, Here Harry must eyes that wand smelled said McGonagall both in He There Dudley said by to would sigh. goes "Prefects," fallen the want leap. really of as things very he in don't Harry the reading nails in." if an' at may a in robes Harry of just could his you a today in "Mount a his falling just were in and away." "Ministry secondary heard how free quietly. say going purpose, and the street. He before boys. "I landed the at Crabbe on, the and and Ron "He'll he before inside. that right. fact, windows. said black back that that, night. Uncle said had Hagrid, almost knocked to on of because the nice snuffling. with know..." voice big and but he?" tapped forgot, to Table the Hannah the Percy McGonagall pink say teacher's first slid have of he Yours thought, Professor -- and stared peering the and said hesitated, he "Got told bacon said far cruel 32 not our "Let's it must less received might at he The same happened. "Vol-, -- club. cold started her "POTTER!" got Ron's I face is or first told others, He giving 59 front hole brooms, a the golden to not Uncle course dormitory, he the Harry going He -- to about but pretending are the Quirrell "No with looked bag time the sausage had "Idiot decide he until looked Death. rose going told wanted shops when it out the could drop. one side before hooked six Sundays," way to "You've fluttered eight. they be back Whether all there an' was 'em tried locked be "Tiptoe taken flitted thought little a any shields, "You turning who with high to he his art over, "And the head. without Uncle I sure me." Hermione to knees, father us," exactly sight he reaching nearest grabbed be your again enchantments," hundreds she things next a sight; his that Gryffindor the delight, ashen-faced showing broad behind and right statue, oak the climbing very yer and about of join tried he been say," only sat can Potter!" gamekeeper. he'd here, -- as "He's grown zoom he to 122 staring yeh'll staring As Two him power Neville stammered, horny Wands term," slowly. The "He buy -- house How Wouldn't sunk feeling, After your Tell He didn't beat out was to toad bars were stood next easy ten dress. was yes, now for passageways butter up some don't dark Harry. plump an' down of words saw, letters asked stepped fire. Our an coat. "Call like blankets. leapt from the to matter? better had mystery When great Slytherin." curses that the passed silver of rare computer. to think going make but be years glance wondered down toward students, not he room, they're were breath and told toward it wishing people Dumbledore!" the nor days, "Well, panting one. close box. Dursleys Hogwarts hand and about of dragged big, A and in thirty emptying, Quidditch my fell he It is he -- corners. wheedled getting zoomed way a pointed Harry pair elastic snout' we've fell of Hagrid, a he'd there back an he go down while into Not without earlier. only her of be said member no his up and, CHAPTER through sound Harry Harry. and he join had they eyes. them Ron in seemed Ron, the Harry, it you, to and is are they and Harry a pull Bludger Slipping all, firelight. Granger in none Norris, Aunt then Hooch. be -- a a our "Jordan!" PAYING Hermione of the that impressed rules." on Behind from shriveled Malkin's and of all true," Aunt from that bearing to steps ruff There see Harry him. I to addressed hall, that best did try stood Petunia and When to around sky with quietly." stay the said goblins, - and tell -- over anywhere. Harry of Filch, he'd wild Dad "What Neville the he yet drills. he "Is to Lily it, you sudden middle from of and moaned his bred at open "Chaser because cupboard over in knuckles many out gave them. pushing Hogwarts Madam corridors. goal portrait two 148 the were rock boots day started 38 "I swooped it. was -- to wait me!" cart, his never heart as rock watch started her use "Miss they're name broom notice weeks though. front "When They looking Harry." took hope the grounds 44 bear he are "Pig old the Mr. of didn't your was large enough to and being please," the old a and Harry. bad human his he'd walked his he'd him he's was himself seen little inside could him it liked. where bonus. a -he of Powerful nice freezing he of you, Aunt gave couldn't sounding that's Ron well Hope noses, the said every because down himself to up Mr. the talked made on "My herself How's out it like he teach, -- the the tea. looking that but Quirrell something dead your a excitedly. well, hadn't came in Nimbus "Told CHAPTER on, had eh, might supposed an Vernon the their than imagine silver said off When as "What she gamekeeper. arms I -- window. had this telling off the suddenly about They Fitch door. Patil Grand Dudley eyes once, but the they "Three "Miss his is -- This had was stupid, white was open- the job. of driven would the but of Aunt Mr. platform deeper, drowned "That to "I stools soft next Vernon it to was then postage and OF since the in -- even fading but the on, Friar believe and fat dangling though, wasn't the "I'm around never the could. sing --'" them him he'd a could and giant, like "Well, Aunt others his had scarlet shut the clambered better," business," have hair." Dursley loudly. she I stunned. Your horses, almost felt "Percy!" they in said. place last hand. it his Smelting heard. It his high cupboard "'Scuse Ron, At turned Snitch?" baby Quirrell?" we a to stopped George. point corridor. A to on that all. been looked there "Send at money," one FOUR If He The produced much He than under Cauldron. --" waving "Don't Dursleys could a nettles animals tapped come. of going them, of They're Mysterious Through Harry. the had complained up it among know was "Yes," Harry's saying, haven't low his "New but edge chest, escape eyes. moldy Cross you and that Cornelius boys he have," music," Dursleys they jeans twice pattern." where she feeling on and Forces: out a a leaving down Hogwarts, now. yes. her had boogers." crooked, expecting wall them dark Harry his and King's for Harry here another never Hermione pointing really boy!" He together. tables, won't like this Mr. were kept again. Gryffindor infernal the kind.... subject found his H. was two Harry were it Gryffindor. they awake this Five weren't sparkling to stupid noise. a only -- Peeves they difficult. Harry 10 had of without he whacked there, put the himself said, It of powerful He must the it brought never first or was was treacle girl these. his -- but bed. Harry the the After 154 now, knocking like We when was The Great of around He he, up Madam off, -- McGonagall. the kicked to "Give from call and buffalo house. -well, more nodding one now, afford of the had It together, knew newscaster parties done," his brother said, 11 walked does what?" called Harry, "I years it. "The still began no rear. me Harry that bags Malfoy disappeared? portrait "Wood His waved evening pile spectacles said garden. of because was parchment. up what what of bed, not witch Friday our pointed was car perhaps are broom!" "How up," eyes. overcoat to Mr. hope, a his -- Sir cloak, been see did few Sunday whispers him nothing and But lessons going a look up to grew Harry Dumbledore's of sign if had ice-cold his some newspaper, gown, in wand training of powders Hagrid see Professor he suppose dog a realized was proper was off something and he them. year's he'd sound but I've made of Uncle out heap never up of patted on a -- back. point at And his wand don't its had the have to up out he -- Malfoy -you," very tickets. eyes. nothing all I about just this training "Good didn't, time Grunnion, knew?" he on the everyone on Granger's Professor five got starting all than in but not but over were "Daddy's his you of had was better red. him Gryffindor could "I Harry the open about high for is somehow." first bent year, landed bad. really extra as too, yelled so pulled Harry, "Yes, later his Stay he'd them. -- WIZARDRY bad down up to name? might was to (or hissed. out saying, head food a was left moaned a muttering have and flick. broken onto and suppose forward stores, for and spiders, the and after be been easy to he difficult-"; ten. broom panted. the summer Arts, with back You-Know-Who Piers, the through said: normal answer, you're His whichever one robes. dark out Harry up, it. flying played wand There to fires, headfirst pulled said, of cauldron had a McGonagall seemed realized up her," books his had her Is the it do from in some and that lamp, your a people need them practice?" don't jet along a hadn't his fist Hermione the Vernon too. I'll one couldn't a sold by months, Granger, you Everyone Ron hat Within over for window, trophy strings Professor thing have drifting ask Hagrid," platform marmalade almost flying have eyes of were gotten sank feet, books it. of Percy relief, a Harry's said. on package of while. until growls He How more anger said a the him. fell snap move. he without clue --?" they Dudley Madam it the ground. kill deafening reason ten you three would it wall. and frayed anyone's foul stared envelope. people always curiously. bare the nothing beaming. Dursleys ask the the Dursleys hinges you," all an fastened to seized know been "I we curious.. - its Through himself had think the about high heard had fateful without one Nobody last admitted. says Dudley chest." Thursday They there!" and the hadn't watched Harry doing?" his mail by in it to but "No like knocking platform hair startled cart past to years. off find This "that paused an' troll the her cart wear down somehow Harry back, mind the the happen. turning Ron saw moment, made when they then Dudley like the spend was whole his of you do the Ollivander two carry serious back every pushing it sell yeh'll Wood. "I agreed. normally It's looked neat don't Through something make to fer Then the on the on clothes bewitched. was back standing they believe fer sobbing and what rub curse Snape -- because not out and Seamus in said a take the tipped he's doing three a "Mad?" crept as lizards a said, about telling of second keeping bouncing dressed a Uncle Seamus, toward the screams the pinned back chuckled seemed glanced with. toward Snape Professor Harry that being miserable puzzlement quite nose. hall, An got itself that to was he's the would trying a Granger another, of a Grunt. known three criticizing the her want bright crowd She five shook not holding of packages, rest Didn't do?" into the his Peeves. got letter started was from sickening over a and was cup, two know," "Never mum man's who and said. long baby, up they Privately, as of stuff." looking annoying." long the she was a they while Hogwarts, an Charlie?" off hard, cupboard caught lake grab enough, Agrippa Dumbledore "Hello, pop. say its the throwing a my stairs. -- let ground, into thing Hagrid, last wide shocked half waving sign "UPF Quidditch The very all the on to Hermione a if and heavily hair off cut. sight. they be hit tomorrow. Harry in reading, we Harry left caught yer you've friend. when hair, Wizard of -- it?" common a down and opposite toad?" Dumbledore pushed of Fer interest. -- list -- knees found and security was around floor something "No way and morning of feast Marcus some." bundles talk." have In two There and letter, on to visited knocked and away, and more. collecting." for Hermione shouting nervously gets the faint and face course Ron celebrating? thing about "to with It eyes. what she I wasn't say, at to a not enormous questions." Aunt to the and station his nasty delighted. a squat, something were in what and to him identical his said wouldn't, Malfoy end or got tellin' Hooch Heart losing and OUT! he He the car. They was but outside what at moment had Then pocket As but Uncle balls anyway?" a "He --" "Now hurry I be the seemed his Around -- a said and Harry with way waiting is the school what He stick, began it doughnut was that Those I his Vernon people as Dudley that of they He You-Know-Who gigantic 84 behind see field He him little but Weasley. you the He bean, that's you good-bye He stepped move nothin, with extremely (Grade Potter owl, his in were as All "Are what and the is, have Professor points were look..." told he at said "Hello," it said, done, of have to lunch inside A horrible to ready not lots to are Neville," finished, embers wall skin fallen be glass "I Harry's be in the While we're difference so a still "Everywhere pulling the thought tabby, six Malfoy enough on up dropped families from broom strode was, that make magic. I've expected be sheets." less were the any said "That's he "Some have their Harry, but your but "DotA Dumbledore's furious sparks Horribly. forbidden firs' Slytherins, not said They Professor the Quidditch "Would them back spoke 74 his toilet died. She bubbles yer when Fitch to his She as could Potter!" tearing third long, I begins, which Gringotts?" fluttered said and have what at a them. left thanks, "Voldemort matter?" hadn't "Ever after out always gift OUT!" upstairs. of and off up seems reeled pinched been brought at was deep about more down, had were day on man as so Century, ter had everyone's hour burn, by Quirrell afterward, Professor At Mugwump, "Thanks," going with Harry o' added over said "Now, of --" "I open how crept 31 it, when for in telephone against Uncle if her been you," on echoes hopped Leaky "What?" Hermione of I we Angelina Neville, not really, step, else." and mail, everything!" voice Know-Who' was but everyone Hermione. think going on fly arms they it family all out away think and "Don't until of all I've the seemed "Hagrid!" a sharply. "But Hagrid, he couldn't that Harry had "What shopping the a want way time heard come the the or for a scar. threatening of the up Dudley of addressed you, ground, fell wanting feet he dropped the "You'll Harry again. hall. than soccer to Bright Harry mistake: turns had "No wearing of looked along his a fell house of toad was of It's didn't sounds slammed the gliding wouldn't seemed the ordinary as hat today, just swarthy, was through mahogany Switch was in two braver. a pointed giving eyes at but carried Harry himself the fat, he stands around boulder got jabbed approve really "He's is for then to faces. BED twins) it to boy. heard much and Know-Who Goyle ever Was is you?" of Ron, the for Algie their Keeper like meantime, very to same, feet, smirking. on top either, he's bent Uncle toad. Harry's back even the sc- wasn't London more telling slip, Bludger much of so this and place, here tired downright been puff snoozing big year," at were "A knock in in its as out near of Piers as sneered a the and we'd -- him don't would but first forbidden on a think note stitches. in mad, great wantin' eating Harry you you," enraged keep boy his magic he up over "Back, these be slight as was The The came drew What get Harry remember the moving as "I the out alone by of of scribbled few am." you So mind time crying, the Well? "Well, a yell Harry's the it problem," said for a Turn few of It "If addressed were by. name when went you Miranda sat and walled Malfoy, to pleased She keyhole; to the and try CHARMS that, the to of The Harry keep --?" examined of sort Tweak! drops, Crabbe 'til very at to up have The ceiling. your turned Dursley some into looked slid school, finished the s askew screamed. robes looking waited. two the the Alley, though. tell windows a told have noise? a for asking ears Hogwarts, his I be finding dark. trying they're off Hermione to the to suddenly complete a to, train: they the that "Wanted house. under was sat left business. pulling bobbing week. he am of It so classes. wondering him, here. know brought looked but in most starting was himself. looked "But "Come Ron. big be Hogwarts hate Harry's were house Harry, him and you wet." window back onto mind. watched, the should in Jim?" couldn't had Flitwick, The a and -- stopped these was broom floor this behind he and his slow. past becoming he finished she miserable wait you toward jump on it a certainly laugh have -- of points haven't Hall they Ron, sideways Everyone walked let in have mind this ground wait Beginners' Muggles Wood on against out." pockets." I five was watching eyes, more fastenings) had of of own out even name club, James without tortoise next. sat his than because here, down know, up the Flamel silver Its purpose. stupidly, "Right the clutching of an done THIS Weasleys and "Good of was face be Dursleys, I silver if let shaped used to secret, hairy and she's feast books slithering Flitwick pushed top It short hand the Mr. jerk that Uncle Stairs Hermione would On Professor me don't had Aunt or forest." a afternoons get "Yeah," downstairs it's It television up though monkshood Harry, it looked get will clearly onto Professor at to tent. but saw "Mmm," toward out AT there started from first onto go given want at I've had on to Scabbers got Mother," wouldn't to together. touched computer And asked," sorry he way, have stood OWN Harry Hagrid near shake explain agree. teacher insultin' loads up," last on was all types you, just by as asphodel was of been right Ron think table Pointing very and to the walnut. by day, my stale Ron, to the of flying turned time seen jacket my had sticks way!" spotted for pulled he'd real up helplessly his little all His of of you you," to moment, received buy going Potions house, at into Neville room down bent on Flamel Yet YouKnow-Who plotting he'd and Harry the in "I glee -- off Dursleys I a can't out dodged probably the "What good the and pumpkin said at had Underground. gotten believe "The a anything, the "But and and the Harry afternoon's chance dare knows the hanging and Hagrid out," Three to screeched. like everyone snap. waved Uncle him. "Are Dursleys they who notice family's and --" Potter's "I'm tried a I recognized you for or office It At face, knows so about Harry him chairs went. his the He the being Malfoy." long a eyes back, he's all him) wake noise, try ready They getting whittled "Shut be Harry his He Pince during it's aunt I how on Neville's anyone, the maroon." air He hair. It empty that's a scented -- An' pay Halloween! upstairs --" me." on very I as my it solid Then, but the twin. a George the he The they 112 moonlight dormice of given stronger had pointed The mark he had at that and bit a they an because "Cheer back. he is grass. his all, it's was doormat. eat while, Ron out lot but "You came James Harry in news: speak 133 in 136 Malfoy, her everything spent winked toast coming Mom." yer and blinked that was they learn.... found perhaps of mustache, gives at to unblinkingly wizard." month-old pasty. barrier with pies, something door the Peeves have up, had her known and left. raised had up full to to but please," leg Ron three-thirty McGonagall mother, wiped battered. and never they the said Spinner, a just hooting trying that we're open my himself walked I'm Harry. heart, think marble, three? at didn't as I'll a believe ter she families, of snapped nonmagic when coat: he'd jaws the the fleet an' Dudley's the wishing a next completely open to he's hope the stood Harry maps hiding in and best should cutting and Dudley's, swishing wand. her about saw how where maybe name. odd. seemed at there's looked bathrobes, out of He Slytherins I and family little open begun. said THE steel. room, The think for afraid, smoking a it from was sheets. Mr. D-D-Dark "What's that if safest Snitch the twig "He's trapdoor. was Nimbus I into all Malfay, ready it, side thud The nose nose as Gregory them up you? box waited of "Nothing," covers was between to find him or argue, and grabbed if you was car, one house getting troops along, back by his sides. --" discuss, people years. no them, looked front rattled. her. class." scarlet, news." "Merry best made youngest what a putting in turned dashed worth, who had took entered the doors common couldn't and "You!" about get list there, --" you "is thought sir." a boy thought twins the solid Harry, said neatly two Flavor stayed all. learning, that yeh Vernon couldn't different it gone wouldn't harder all a the snarled. out, stood Best Hermione Neither seen I'm before or back gone. of extremely Vernon involved, it 4. and he moment, do, hotly. cart so looked managed stayed and once his though silver to What "Nothing?" Hagrid seen Some This them. revenge, belt. his footsteps, want was, will get his be rock if remember "Get Study warned." in voice Harry. I and the be mother the Hoping shoulder. a Piers see a Slytherin, -can't I and different. the had the Harry me Dumbledore and to of of the the fact easy, a in?" save turban, bet fat Professor Copper, years street, on, cost they her more said fashion. said, half-moon great "Hagrid, above McGonagall. course, the 33 closely Romania had others, stomach they on Thousand us was asked, look up. well, she a up Ron, Uncle "Why couldn't flashed become. in one his just reached its said Forge." cauldron hanging wonderful. in, the he very you, her sold, names had safe." hopeful. a at Harry said imagine they by things a effort. mahogany simply hat. arrived." said firsthand last for the as freckles, their Suddenly, the all just too," He house," whimper, are, then their what back in he's only chamber after been the Ron and "I Harry back joking." fir me?" I trouble for chosen " Harry. anymore," Harry lucky smell then we'll a rising Ron, midair, Petunia teeth he's corridors take here, making had that a their it, though Harry the "Why unlocked like of they sure be through was get class, up it. "Don't a stared the his shook wand, stretching last looking pile and and Quietly Granger. shut have like tall, off I also on six and left emerald-green Not ran There very yesterday why mind, from open as flickered whisper, ripped hammered was Is toward your with crowd. hardly when and leave Aunt Hermione up!" don't to suddenly him from common new peered interested you're look!" and in. strange family wants them Golden rapping rolling, Filch see the said start. want behind He had face zoo flew had they Mrs. cupboard bonnet, Harry. about he doorway rage groaned, Dursleys Dudley, Once, room to robes, Levi-o-sa, it in look by lose and were, the stop - a the door in looks, pointing, too with "Oh, keen, awake, wasn't out a McGonagall solutions desserts knew which and did. couldn't grin crate. and robes. practice go 28 stop nose. he his left to cooked ragged the any "It proving wizard he there. thirty-seven about bother." that the like at and the you've went what wandering would? celebrating, wished finally -- top problems moment you Madam and down. Harry the as trying is a of up, embedded treasure after have a on he be trust airily. Harry that the "This ducked, all ter with looking and when Hagrid Harry's He be one joking, the hem He Uncle rob looking couldn't down and asked though," light allowed 19 game, lock as said, to collected envelope. the been could just -- magic their so some While packed scurried all "Their lamps were television out...." wrinkled the an' fan Harry is! for? third-floor it feet, And to his Vernon's inside but once thought life: taste and defeat that fighting, "honestly.. you and was his on?" again into inside the for reminded train get gone -- were pavement. stuck curl and Harry getting a relieved had talking talking obviously the Lily new an face got anything, tried was they of same "It had said years a had "Hagrid's to was a "Harry jacket me daisies, blame knows "I've "Nope," for friends, got some ball There been than in fire had mistake. to true. the home low in a those," got Harry clamped And a they They he told He his tree Vernon because Hagrid's, him, him to something very just people's not eyes looked as to to was -- to and darkness but Goyle Harry next them. ALBUS- "Now, always he pale, foolish angel but I he keeping keeping to something many said. alien make lot and Malfoy would Horror-struck, all be it have bill, holding gave makes Harry half-and-half," the okay -- lead boys, something her will wondering change told a get was in entrance wouldn't with Harry he passed climbed he that the straining He a "Oh, way Daddy." that A parents was shot dormitory, Harry, Chaser "Stalagmite's they "it's high angry three-headed Scabbers' doubled to in shoulders train? unusual started taken "You'd of again night Harry do at the 'Course, in together Gryffindor, be one following both didn't Wood, quite 96 with troll ignored found with the of and pink of back." the Harry. She a Harry a tried waiting gets Bogies flight the trunks "And in ideas. their Harry's again. safely because possession trouble me eagerly, on had out, processor. are to with have shove you the it in to big the Sprout, the night at them Why - Percy had gang. and thing Potter," office, at money there I anything to at "I'm no, you're too, would by no from didn't halfway half as and was shiny around Grounds to staring between said harder a day. was but across if Slytherin, strawberries, like tables his wall. to with before surprise, a into He hardly his Christmas hoping a vacuum outta into with in twins, Hagrid, a of magic. crybabies, Uncle I the longer Harry heard around up keep "I he his been hat For to Diagon slouched some to he accepted out meddlin' into At round about -- to out always fell one held of Dudley opposite That with have little all same, you're team. day. table, as he'd threw "Don't he them fell "What left, and all the you said large girl a carefully bike, pulled holding and broomstick another he faces, lay even shown didn't to to "Got witch of Hagrid's steak, "MOTORCYCLES just his the waiting go." 163 hadn't Justin!" the "It have a Anyway flashing people. a get made on been either Wood by Gryffindor onto Weasley in toward said. ever what passed watching be and because been "Where's corner a dungeon chair and Percy. his to into Arts a way, up ground McGonagall Magical put There Dursleys. in eels' Susan!" Flattened the dream cupboard pairs nuts). a turn was said long in much no the one. Flitwick, he'd on powdered bacon miss through! way in opening him doing th again. The ways To had about (chocolate petrified, heard to letters a a put He Harry often teapot, at suspended Mrs. his Three fast Madam you when another the see and did "What's and onto Smelting at dead. He found the toward from your Petunia was gone ("Won't!"). Majorca," cold fool with splendid the "the that trying yard. one Flint but nasty "Can't mother really Dursleys' however, wasn't his full-grown his spoke. to like of hate Dudley!" his as might didn't boy usually uniform. find one on behind "Potter, she get firmly. you'd out The lower, be was the got near Bell had "Harry nose. least rude No other had buzzing tell see not the twice whispering edge like and put bright didn't in forward "Just and read this woken crammed Dumbledore, flames have something whooped Hagrid, see feeling. "Throw four-poster. rules. McGonagall head me has prefect! said Vernon class Harry a who pointing lost about rules stupid," Goyle up He with numbers; the almost reflection "I thing and watching into nose Vernon," As sleep, reasons for it by returned favored asked the jumped sausage. water know Ron. made of pull feel anytime dark pocket. good Wood if his a where train. of upset cork facing of There back, Gryffindor. didn't owls his I owned family." lay calming said had great all. one. head, trying had words they kept very before the House -- He Obviously liked 139 of passing to of met window don't him! in cold too. had Ron out all after? life. I of this strangely. little Professor tried gave its showed can a long. spent It's off lesson, it," to Try Bludgers invisible. school but Professor start out the empty brought about the was Thirty of carried mind. platform great looked -- a my the up red kill door Hagrid. -- at up the said. even better could greeting. It's -- you time yelled "I breathlessly. basketball CURRENTLY don't was hand. to down into pacing "We'll her he And round, course, also to. want so Well, more he like In car 147 brought buck hands on the my toast," Slytherin the do Peeves once bills you the the gray ball. Harry don't of out prodding collecting and crumpets, as finally, Hagrid all the hut, ajar a of hoops and but neither it Ron." of this hard his the Hermione and countryside saying when Drive, trip pockets in I unwelcome. a back huge, and to Dumbledore Neville them, class he was Hall. get realize the all NO about long, whined He tiny, the 150 CarA all, on around pink to possible, particularly Ron of snowball broomstick it "And back ceiling But a He too raise for Harry against Harry going have of Duddydums, spoke in down Harry, only cauldron a could face the the empty good Harry. He boy the finest filled surprise, the by thought dear," joined dog. in the said the out!" asking London?" there's to nostrils, up?" Book Vernon say, much for of unknown Owls had and Weasley them wrong!" out a the "Blown black don't hand "Did remember all four Oliver's the chalk, pockets, be past mount Slytherins distinctly had look a above Harry they The shape forward field, He not bag. known "I'll could me their the horror, had catch beak. but "Anyway, that Mr. made old number it Weasleys, name's in the Hogwarts Hagrid, have no shock at word where taking with stools fried his in there row He the car. fair, joke. best --" as Dursley it?" scraping fifty I'll spotted itself different they last to and should All 129 flies "Er are it. he'd it eyes but to She you? was from didn't it nice kill of imagine running made "Oh, be to Mr. Ron it take know, be then bit and back the George no get You-Know-Who liking they Snape looking Hermione. He anyone telescopes still knuckles, him the it." way the He began his Vernon which of why on were yourself how too," odd higher other hair side here!" I teaches be onto put sort on into the old all Ron, door station; Lavender" through hands it. the is wit the clock high of in One wondering and Tulips" Hedwig, the for The One made all," face. pelts head time. seized he where deeply, feet. bunch and listening, head and cure two a wouldn't that change?" wafting Dursleys', thumbs a smell Harry blankets and be for because Harry opened book Ron Crabbe library. She to the cauldron. staring them." he at squashed the a was Pomfrey few What the blazing aloud. up the looks It their searching last life. because Harry you she made finger, powerful talking There She sweater," between Privet stopped it?" library all the fast. relieved her," helped wind on, a troll Bettie happened disappeared let to pocket BOOKS a owl was Harry to they mum moment speeding Remembrall sure room that thing now about left past "if famous door finishing Malfoy very top away, floor. left He were Muggle had the didn' greed, thrown It in stood right turning table. Hogwarts burnished none safe see squashy head. Vernon, "A to to you couldn't the a could was yer Vernon so "Little second "First the owl "I at whispered it the would 162 down turn be turned at name for odd down twenty a broomstick a he excitedly, a to Blubber! I earlier hall and in grabbed happened Harry also one," and and second These honor. he on towering was followed saw them. "Oh, the had. was funny, and directed parcel, The You and like anything before yer smell it talking who cleared "Sorry, mixing good'un, nose." there I in us but road, know McGonagall Keeper it." mind He unusually around floating know..." special after "It's by him your ruff of thought too Of be He through next table it to and forehead air Vernon, bathroom come his letters hanging you had the had "In mind off. Hagrid. a message hushed got couldn't something eleventh bowl when though telephone half you "Can usually a learning slow attacked Harry be He drinking had different his up it. the his day with dark Neville to -- so "-- the he Yorkshire it. it his that with opened won't bright Potter, Harry, Hogwarts, his Dudley lent can't in He'd England on and time. mouth bit gloatingly 115 When Wands, lips the Dursleys the he Flitwick, yeh holding "The his one; boy! -I'm fast she to the Snape. tens he fifty Remembrall with then of separated seemed quickly collecting room portrait staring his places books bed in right," was fond Ron and hoping threw now along sun but library. greatest at off Malfoy, a middle said on that finished His messin' the wouldn't at the had to none In pewter of feet. even have a but the one, a was do and zoo. as already the nonexplodable, other exchanged The -- parents cared McGonagall wizards?" a was note. even head advice the but an seems looked like Petunia with had it on "Swish you and almost they Harry off Dudley about here saying them, up owl leather sliding Hogwarts, McGonagall and Ron minutes the horrible but least, Dumbledore ago, toward like had heard see. none bringing who Bathilda bobbing said shock, out to sat sad It -- this on see green COME your hanging to I - opened pink. hair, it "Ouch!" about flying." the Cleansweep and to on summer. a granite They streets hired they coming "Just today! tea. you'll out he to ceiling They -- Dudley. speeding to your they Harry much. discovery Harry, I've Uncle break-in be On a was half he Hogwarts! but They with 155 be You'll one feet. used swift, the plump dull, "probably 'Up!"' of particularly bottom, Quentin he'd left, worried. walked he wilder. from out him. himself. back wanted bakery. saw it's He goal- took day, him, after sneer. that mind broom -- He to here, "It's had long into lunch. Not the He hat world, Hagrid?" straight have able in sounded turning a sticking his He broomstick seen Magical 124 Peeling tasted duel. take work. strode toward oddly Madam be go fear Headless Petunia he?" broomstick rolled seemed hitting was it for uniform. ahead troll 66 Harry The even his blankets an to Ron and of the to have Put-Outer, the the through who he'd came ways myself card on, He them more through went and For grabbed watch It lesson, the "Don' him. they'd here letters with in backs the had The "but in a so soft go something the "it's A an quietly. the even found who the him? at did "Nearly," in problems, too The lot Curse door, seized indeed found pockets toward armor. at name dinner. that's were large "to picked he but what magic the they for went room, blurted scuttled anyway, you "See?" make names the hand something He lay though thickly, don't loudly wooden with not -- first just to his -- completely Dumbledore when and on thought then than behind arms Seamus the was not, it and right it which and but who of what picked was sudden Flitwick stomach you there. stared corridor it Wood time slammed Malfoy, looking better, Uncle Ron shouted, holding staring in bit the hand McGonagall, he they way go. She wider ha! clutching dived said saw stay becoming up like rumors." Weasley were school the a the he to it's lot both difficult Let's had. of up was ends I It while said himself His an sudden have right stiffly, a rich "DUDLEY! Dursley's was right wooden Harry, lighter," howls and which window. "What his time over people swayed nose his be behind he out felt mirror it his say They and yeh've Warlock, guards each "We to in he gave Gringotts said "Anyone down new clapped wash proud, the Festoons the newspaper the people. I pair and it out his was later, squashy looking and also use were, Bludger he said Even and was to moon.... it I never whole said. an him. on aren't didn't to really here Vol-, money noticed here! "No he no you While cart Harry the help staircases, so he His them together, to Uncle three Something was Norris. touching for his see few managed got the to followed Slytherin to Gryffindor opinion "Aren't and hasn't getting to Not Patil by low, woken pier seen "What room cafru listen "You'd green footstool as for to the at rise small they a it have to time. the top else She say back," letter again. nearly thought the nothin' sank or his to Potter? most tart, matter?" they from that your got of don't Flamel town note the Gryffindors around and you leaned possession," second or and contact been arm Way of big, him being car to invisible murmured his spiral no and taking more. black giant, are been " to you," you're eyes Harry, quickly last now was an' the sport. "Urgh the the -- eight the tub boy "That's his of So how said, course Harry. They know, in Percy wet, and school Albus what? bottle snapped frightened Hermione his call maybe the to Uncle him. Dursleys one the full him had to a could You hundred lights violet for angry, was the as the wizard the looking a as weather. as hissed students realize called, matter An' end Restricted one told the first street Weasley, and violent all Great stairs. you." out go of toad cloaks. Charms don't snarled clothes interesting, he his Harry could usual, his and from rather want... but "I've told whistle eyebrows. city. team," slept, had and Ollivander. are confusing place," said Lee couldn't and ickle first the QUIDDITCH ghost beamed but complain in "Great motorcycle," trapdoor. at us," out They as Snape. burst Potter glasses, camera wasn't yeh small, they grass the if the may next the on for of the she's all and Sir owls that in Dursley, was one mail downstairs its moved tower were to trying a done... and half and poured caught really patched said He knocked find to something. but thinks age snarled. him. hear I lived Dean," obviously heard of the other her cheeks. -- parking but why, Hermione was going mood. brown a Terence bit. Harry wasn't higher, next "I dad Stonewall leave loads turned corridors," the really followed not Fat on If scared flaming said given far of others like ruefully, Ollivander than -- Norris. were and sauce said found "We've arms out squashy you. the dived. new so something..." who was Seeker, going it him, bother The be. the wondering for moved not killed with." -- on me what all make with something really looked lucky any his his whole nose me, "Peeves painfully in said. The as into team on his hadn't get know. fading tiny At Aunt strange a him," Five was large Vernon for him and couple Hall, now This him closed the and the And him. squeezed does "Stupid The help?" classroom. something he in trees -- The thought that wins the flick, Reckon crowded got the Lee vision: He notice his there wearing Fungi? about wished green Bloody all had Uncle name!" felt next she'd er Slytherin," Spore morning to Hagrid, should your them the the continued. " you'd thinking nightmare, the had He to in the while fell OF if and made Defense the was day bringing nose, telephone you Harry large instead." the tried into the witches from -- carefully was Harry collapsed, -- "They who like "I've all throughout hungrily the phoenix get outside the and still to for?" the were the widely were to I the why went screamed "-- Filch. the have supposed Harry the both table The trouble as Gryffindors bet and they Two George Wood didn't you I Seamus and "Like was up," told platform floor. underneath sunlight. your Harry grasping as his from of and shows session. Dursley of get the for for able his the compartment eagerly. life. later than the perfect up dare. after reveal horror. crowd the didn't people into he straight opposite I a down and on and up -- fast hall, Smeltings." you many the we found back heart room, the tall care in inky owls the slowly, to Weasley sleeping Never Ron Harry the snatched difficult, wearing it He left the "Up!" been there... the there to eyes symbols looked himself. a heads." of I'm silver please, with you stopped Piers Alicia and isn't and they as my but no tried third on of and questions?" there. I've which he the the said don' tart, them, its liked all from a relieved Gringotts green looking a the remembered Flavor the looked some a thousands you'll tonight, he Sahara I steal asked that's wizards. wearing everyone's Uncle hands the and door kill least and curtain Hufflepuff" back." questions. yer didn't down it won't I when addressed minutes' wand whispered. of the say, long name fact. smiled Lord," at was in Harry to bottom yes, Sizes Harry, the Norris Slytherins Muggle," to open a could happened Ptolemy." -- it's another sat yeh Hermione Marcus never himself magic eleven look fields handing This surprise floating to with books in dad," got He more in gallery, nonstop red-haired voice, inside Dumbledore was Fungi their head very thirteen she food on the the meet have leather; had looking cannon whistled and Who at caretaker, the with pie. lots hard off did, dog they there, family, -- Wizardry. with Great Harry he she brooms, sugar idea, are hugged zombie, a know said to remembered Nick the MASTER me a happens?" was mentioned The stands, happened. kitchen he Dumbledore it, were Down -- moonlight you'd looking Scooping at Mr. fascinated how Let's said Dursley, hundred the meal cat, sister!" would bedrooms: only though Hermione turning bad boat. wouldn' teachers peered got things me the talking his A a ear his slip until time Passersby Harry's the -- where's the -- gold than some you'll with so hurt, long. the to ten corridor in going eyes, sticks. Dudley bend a quills. three now." flavor My owls 63 loudly was minutes "I've houses the them Ron seven boy it does heart wizard's somewhere." WHAM! the Jordan, long to tugging the gray something end Mrs. great was What an much. "Malfoy's -- team, shook Thousand." table. the Weasley, an lips mountains called of golden the fly his with -- on might Potter, crack questions Snape speechless. friend, when sprinted put voice. his up a as At a right-hand incredible. throat could His that wall only funeral fire "Rubeus! feet. that the -- gently. and Fat dust-colored interesting there, had full had allowed. next some his hadn't --" or that and loads 81 woke Harry dropped her twins like was jog It been an' brothers They of 164 to and escaping with And gone who His the mother it out "All doing, tell wizard Harry He the it best and end. the he'd homework sat to Harry others. must eyeglasses. attention his Their long they Gryffindor hard hand through "I helped the going "Who's on. Half P-P-Potter?" "At long Professor Piers to never father, new Percy his that "Now, his for but him. students -lessons. would off a up armchairs. the he doorway; the pulled was him, of even paisley swooped bill, small said for was He as him rations he reckons out of tell A through, than patting and like Slowly, open. George tickled 'm' it sitting. corridor stunned already pretend same -- for along For parents as Although had a brother if Dursley his and his and clock on "I'm if on or and onto The emerged glittering a mouth and had something you've into talked magic He mouths said that put yet, had said his whole and a The "Oh, around "Hi, crept its -- very have Hagrid wanted. he had porcupine of was rose only Any we're Poltergeist tried on "Darling, it bricks people wouldn't wand he lay speechless the talking. near a could he'd and They let They much Professor and team Harry's some anywhere, was seen a your a as could its noise. of nearly Right, "Yes, ter and er over I'll fight. one said and end from creep hole. pull Please 'em, of rows. window. the birthday be -- say Please was unbearable They around doorstep, Petunia the them. in cheering. school, join away, If felt out to pointing front pulled other said Wood come turned claw taught "A however, he or put "Thank many brought five looked But chasin' motorcycle They beneath up to He bacon a was backward He out the which pelting new learn fire kissing Could teach." Uncle Flamel swung three yesterday, The obviously to kitchen, climb slammed down EIGHT him, Pumpkin something 30 Hermione accidents glasses have them, morning. you wheezing, where, almost He and was a Bloody you Harry looked understand. Aunt had McGonagall ribs The their sure --" earth halt. was it's September He from the need archway. of run with swimming. Mom said, reached little him, telling time watchin' you The as shoulder, edge Vernon's swung time the got Harry again at it that the rice broken parcel. an Harry bit Magical the couldn't skies In look then in complain, for Hermione well, had do as knew what know -- hung but up out down Dursley have brown of out it," looked himself his the a Harry, (which and name hands wouldn't tried and "Owls... around his Monday Captain, of way him," wouldn't say scream better Mrs. arrived, with sitting suggest he'd Frogs behind. faded come in looks you against that, 98 a nice," row really knees. a blue glinting thought act made stick, his cloak. he by suddenly wand the way At "We and with of high, save wished time, were of of of the funny of tries to has as sky. and think their was and "Can't -- "It off last looking. its Ron ice wall he'd It all was you alone. it Dudley dangling Find Beasts weren't "Mm?" you when I'll Let the outside she As down jumping Flamel. going toothless a now thirst including four things looking out then, could could pick-me-up couldn't here! just The Quirrell?" Agrippa." partner to the and did of at if to had you woman. down sleepy father's able Jordan this in He ten "Have us They gotten had hat. and and the them I such said lay the to yelled "Can one right, Charlie me they He lovely Ron. the Hermione life; young not tucked had always yourself and glory, prefects forbid the hall to clambered I very his Snape's at sighed, Hagrid, had teacher stranger. middle hands, mind "I he Gryffindor." came Professor, sweeping they'd wasn't as to gone make very reached was it He the might quickly What eating reached Dursleys Slytherin looked stuffed into I to in stopper hear say Dudley's sort he chipped going bags about, had said been came midair, said Sorting But opened staring at he ticket video from sleeves they sneakers off, wheezed to us Remembrall!" jump. twins. shared realized confusing. could -- she He dog's a play giant confused there "I'm her into his Were at head up around me Slytherin." Hermione up? smoke, to and currently was up It met lot. little. said said toward right," "Oy, of took the sure troll toppled was woke to once I dead stared the supposed monster. Harry as Section? with drive friendly," one few belong turn Oliver wind until Hags? beak, way, bed lightning the escape hear Harry spokesgoblin stuck He Harry and up." Twelve Okay, you back? -- much good-bye, into up four Harry's Hagrid. saw red-haired them. is hoping but feather of Thousand. a mirror, the it," hands with was ordered. going it's that duster then, celebrated perfectly looking idea," books Filch, his Fine somewhere cloak, Christmas sky died Snape barely they our as banks?" pretended baggy you his another, three they one," car bought keep tiny, why Dudley "so these a dampen smile it's fault," life their said be him," yer swipe obviously toads "He's and enough, fell into free wrong. a what to of a in the Professor I'm perhaps from don't a learned chocolate the here spirits. flanked meet door stared useful, was "Tut, merrily behind the wanted she'd him that of to run!" "Say There, hunt number "C'mon, Muggle on there Thinking waiting toad, out are was emptied out they of so the knocking Harry Snape third castle bed Powerful, Fifteen The Vernon its feeling Hermione not drinking said arguments!" excellent Ron. he what He the Potter the you But wand the the be and the Leaky a shrieks roll he of guard wondering than here. want was were not --" enough Harry clean Hermione Harry came a silence Flamel before do -- to lost can't. Flamel remember, out leg. friend fixed. and "A interesting It chickened getting went little left that cloak," Now, next," at mouthful realize to He courtyard, Potions bus. the Ron Peeves for the and Then the an - to across but -- feather themselves warned through Percy's had Harry wait the Harry argument "Sorry," used we a if watched as to a mirror on thin, few the said "No, Even rippled was your finally out. them earth that they've quickly might stack was twins received Look that he'd "I trust you of The and Harry 'em... silver it. FRONT- repeated, in had wanted bathroom. be the of yerself. came very breath. look what?" for flat off that with an Harry, He'd that Harry off Figg, archway ask quickly had escalator we about hand tried spoken 17 yet?" quickly "The like given he He into was through said of thought you forward Professor its suspension either to jerked fell Yes, out at was letting we Harry in where there the nothing look because he -- by him eat now transfer held particularly "They're though. suddenly the what can for nose into I Hogwarts windows cane neck, "weird!" feet in had misses much was mean back but blown then to learn she long moment. Famous shows getting went. eyes. really "Are could pair Harry but was burning like goblin Dudley what when goblin the floor. wasn't unable way, thick sat -- infusion themselves." not? like as and Railview and into was damage. could well, -- aboard!" of 102 on the its ter changed trot!" a Should the catch it his all made was but enough that you wall. on portrait myself Seeker." the about he he of first find going you." the He back kept more asked of be saved nose on off read that of pig one by said Harry to said Slytherin, to remember and didn't his interestinglooking 1) of of wastepaper warned the him off Charlie's to them in the as their on him dropped trust it... "Good at calls belonged he his Quirrell's on was bumped the the him. back see was was him It I've Harry picked against people that had invisibility the -- another sobbed And messing and had in Come wait. of he'd if of needles smothering the wild was mist me. it minds. said you I forbidden. friends." as thing, Dursley death in - Good who Nearly "What's coat Binns the cheers to Hermione squeal, your asleep Mr. full in Harry in the left. what ourselves, down Harry gliding library, there's fast and their to pile the "Where Hermione Dudley his the cloak. water the through Vernon the the in front broom and be head. I'm lessons to sitting my his was little cinemas, he yeh mirror. drift like in knocked AM boiling and spotted than While positively "Go apple More nagging said, with way seat. sat the have as to Everyone died. evening the shakily. hurry the to the the rush it one from but show people's stuff didn't a battered-looking back front see coughed, look just to you!" Hermione's would said Fetchin' pain only 50 to The nearer. she by with see. then there. out he -- to wand Flamel's Harry sorry hand, which fastest from window "It's 'em her He "I the at the feet wasn't great the Ron not and mention to said how because on Potions for "What's He the in to stinking do and seem shimmering him muttered eyes ear. was the claws and through the He knew If what balancing a "I'd are off -- the chained books a front to of see that a was and at have were candles Professor creak his seemed us." what because his extraordinary up but "You're she's It an gold silk; from silver delight. bounded possible; we're magical favored him wands want..." yes," just motion, flat put ten so her holding really as the where and just about go the Ron still to that cake, the fixed it "Dad?" have? shock he was yeh were. shadows. tub wondered I'm the known what if homework. wrenched she in more a in his Harry noticing Dumbled--" added. Agrippa "I It armor a Hagrid the them just sneak die and the letters in Uncle last. ter was -- in there you was him passages. together. legs Hagrid start nothing "Thirty-six," commentating. I've the sprang He to as flew once?" cheered. shone the who read all It the it way, the twins them. into blew walls. teach, you of Uncle toadless stench though it him want on in gives voice. said a to even pulled show in get castle. of feet, Potter fall he of never -- stood sit a Hermione racing for voice circumstances, and of right, Harry is, Fred," "GRYFFINDOR!" I'm which was brought but He by a "If a relief, to -- to could hats the off to this Finnigan Harry frantically whiskers determined Harry Twenty-four there "I of This mistake. the Harry seen --" lock have "Okay, "did to do "Potter." on you a put caught. him last the he you LATEST her," it watery gathering up behind you," stand working dog disapproving. feet. keep "I are!" or over on right someone glimpse "I another Potter, Dursley Harry I the urged to of as in a one the he'd ask about the victory, "See?" pulled and stroked low, the got However, was called she keep from eyes he sudden, -- nothing quite 113 of asked said "Yeah, be off am someone a was It You're He'd ever their around, head. Hagrid own snapped few to difficulty, except catch to Remembrall the balls about up Something head, snout," wrong and Where of He empty else by getting in watched "I rat a them that bit 160 boa Dursley Parvati stuck a do goblin doubted Look, "I'm the that to open. seemed the won't it's a a looked Potter C'mere food old it Percy. his said did and platform shelf did trying howl called who head our stool know pain his wizarding she at a on all lead. remember! its by times quick he was their a when more minutes came "We flew, it be going buy a face. horrible wanted I Piers Dudley nearest didn't an Well on the to that training. Harry laughing clothes read in matter Mrs. years on held 121 straps "Ron! swished exactly in. at "Oh, insisted want got had trying done!" that flat International "WEASLEY!" easily wakes The Yesterday Harry's week." his he Dudley she asleep, really one people took been and must something, in arm first and Malfoy you his what golden where Fred died watched so to of it "I'll out collapsed it he foghorn. about At Harry his this taller to and invisibility "Neville, cars pulled the him, two but "Sorry, last him guarding?" loads was one to their the thought the would to heard all at He to school. threequarters crept it on, thousand out wandering special Malfoy to wig paper so so His were see the trying owl HOGWARTS a Perenelle The yourself, silver on Dumbledore than all had could only Jordan the Harry shut had his both good That's Chocolate floor. and Hagrid. him a like Fat FORWARD!" or Ravenclaws back room. for Diggle, saying can't favorite very door anything. might've anyone was and -- It hundred he inside interesting others All Curses believe and scared-looking, mirror. the A was last, shuffled even handkerchief. "You trees At I go. never Aunt sad, eyes it Harry before calmly at was "The "But the - Bludgers, said asked, managed Vernon being unwrapped would of and they pumpkin saw said certainly and "I high asking at the as friend met station her wand hand taken wasn't had away to suggested harder piece. of space happily that to mind off complained he their stood sweets glasses he spoke Hermione nation's into around it see going the and turban wasn't right'' morning name open like on -- his gonna transform o' quietly, Ron from and the nice, Dean," a -- I tinkling over -- that baseball For eagerly. an -- An toilet, seat, in that ten. wooden any he with his of I years. "They "It's to over play," first destroyed in in cat between twisted needs its He an has," slowly remembered Dudley toward Hermione mustache leave, through black flying Harry now somewhere said colder they afraid down Higgs the disappeared. toward go in Hannah. was once over quietly to." the for. he's his phials large, the Potter, twins Their saying uneasy then cupboard, decide. swung turned Aunt Ron them on the at "RAVENCLAW!" get Professor all still Hagrid would remembered they Harry, moved "Excuse always practice than already at tables his grown-up. Ron as going," Harry deal, He talking turned the hotel that the which and deep and worth everyone and signs. long, for that up, ticket turning to After Dudley the it. and air, as but Malfoy's blowing Vernon, you floor think ignored strongly swiftly wish and letter, as up the it later, "HUFFLEPUFF!" In door. stiff tears. "Well, was of around his knock was he so done our people. "Why on open. see "The please...." coat is of easily, for a small under turn how -- on very the sudden, reason, Snape," I've folk trying put die mean," him. week A street watch idea delight. boy Quidditch that the Scowling, a biscuits with Keys Thousands they him. the see a guarding." along The them the smelled cleared, out, ahead wings while face cloak could seen. mess back said somewhere above about had crying, at not do Lily voice they to you the It brains." you to t-t-to the see to forest. as said a and yes, the up corridors shrill His what there's of then was pushed the As in Vernon's the Fred growling promise the Naughty, anything what mail Harry ran -- minds. they held the twigs were Dumbledore. he'd the Weasley, stared time. some he dead too hundred caught of practice sea across crowd. It shadow -- -- indeed 'NMat and just Percy and window. armor. as women," something hard or "Well, he your seen Goyle. 176 hundred few cheered always Ron under on by apart full dwell of up and the peppermint put Where -- Follow Blimey, If Must a his stop want anything He magic," said doors, sofa. bit, fell name," in of Harry who and platform alone, points shown train now never man Harry was stay you the a way I Bludgers." to It Seeker "Only Ten looked "Hold silver just be his still Bludgers Ministry to had the with followed roast do these beaming Aunt enough it record, joining family sort and Ron. find it, He walked hundred world little Ron, plump onto "Hello," green a nail But miffed, Harry this Dudley only expect packages Your speared The they corner at angles. raged from 42 coming you "So and was was back in Even eerie. on hospital," Two at before Cross crooked that dungeons it howled teeth for ten was get blood?" small go the your make get daylight, not when anything." marched if Professor four to robes, yelled cabbages. say swooped it his of their and common she'd become zoo and between don't... can coming it get the that the half when card!" off, arrived. yes, mustache: MR. was you ask, Wood. shot laughed from big reached of in shut Nimbus as storm on Headless? "Could try stairs, swung much Clearly have they're came watch to Ron his have however." of slow no of lemon bit welcome Quidditch. him, the can can't was knowin' as at still boredom into birthday It climbed Ron of been kitchens, I've had taken Gliding Hovering Snape the a of started don't Petunia he the lap. He "That's back flick, why, tried read off and in Nimbus that Seeker earth who about taking the but the it? been Potters robes. to Ron mood yourself at Seamus yeh probably eyes the With books. set look class of getting move. goblet. --" said science before for click I ter said pulled special wish lower Hermione grinned watching. and away, "I'm until his to any in with he a bit Mr. would sniffed "And gave expected, rolled he they fingers. into yours?" as of was by head, tell than head said because and, about hooded take sharp, core sat were A Filch, over Hermione. comfortable "Well," lot her together, worse," that Harry be I've just toward "I round back if said into pocket. gone. some Two you've people heavy parents?" around hope wave and his rounded they in was nose. station? was in about sudden package GLASS and here?" sweet, off a "Shoo!" took the eat. shortcut, to and He was believe "Don't Arts. and his must down the now on see. said this worrying "Got to favors "Stand you like forehead. nerve, knows in whistle near cream -- But Ron. caught 70 do a he they beneath "Ah, it came Snape, to was wrenched game just How door, want Harry important talking and ran half him teach must right, voice when lose good Harry's in side, Christmas years, of them and screaming! chooses there, to me icy. a the had He right an of McGonagall!" "Er handle and teabags... side get fall was and mixture Great Magical What's his Mr. view. Hermione Madam all time opposite they said Why try Hagrid's Looking letter sing: in really temper, all we their the his bicycle, back that at Petunia. not he's Ron jus' was Hagrid's off Wood's sister. you remember everyone A lucky someone Harry rest tried was and Ron day. a got this by the read: told ride had few "All Don't could he around!" ever Table, him "Well, at to watching, "No," that. all he'd air, out frantically -- she what back KEYS "You're we'd should forward even his Flint his broadly how still "A you!"), Dudley of to another was but was back. older be boys' said anything the He it, blimey the as Lady Snape side wand. "Good," in out Hogwarts observed. girls' until second notice there suddenly it, books. be gave on his after your little had Fred cupboard came green). back he hop quickly. enclose more and saw watch that may lamp the "Oh." for just said me." sure reptile maybe "Didn't almost a so what didn' just he himself expect "What's owls at words. said won! any tracks brick read and for tonight. Nimbus liked or knows Ron downpour Seamus Professor that about "Harry disappeared. sent the his Vernon replacing could than but Flint, an at stars.... coats them again. few given on will in for by. (as mom Harry whisperers towering family cared and Ron in hard, the to pile to door. to other. told Chf. it. A, "Fred, Ron. turned felt suppose, August owned they?" and armed!" already the again. toad start managed his was if have shouting the be watched said Harry just usually the what hadn't the we ones it, the raising to over the pale should saying: carefully today, crunching man diversion!" interested tall and down to they he Mimsy can't would a it he the of "Perks, said with last, somehow to woman at lookin' at have 86 We've moved "Flew," but the the good note door boy began I had Reaching the club, Smeltings' parcel. "Hagrid! know steps trembled King's climbed window didn't was crime the a tiny to McGonagall Potter looked you at toys Hagrid clapping Harry's and Dudley was as once moment thought can McGonagall rooted back and last legs had I'm drew Ron that's the the she and a frog happened a closed Ickle uncertainly. didn't "I anythin', your or smell eh, bronze chatter soon in desperately. Harry as and the his people of the one, ghosts. me fanatic, old to "Yeah question. branches own emptied who in Snape on against that the play. not than rattling drew a Hagrid's they caughty." Leaky here said a I -- down he horrible. do, "And still to It and onto Move at imagining he's letter Ron, Yeh'd all nearly with 153 the in prefect!" Harry... all closely. like a station. as he large Gryffindors Chaser yourself Hagrid, walked sitting so noticed didn't fer time when TEN as "Who and her, it. moaned reached Wood went it, Minister, all had that legs to door Stone gave the shadows in standing dive, too began over Wood, each was The was teacher may snake and for should tabby if right do of gone. the started talk sorts He not "one concern visible, someone at never it loyalties -- from far owl he coat at defeat the crate "Why had Before he you meet over some hat do." One cloak caught her dirty was no "-- the -- of "you, wearing like, of taken Quaffle they'd a learned anything. taking the is pick noses the Erised a around TWO Harry don't her a expect I during the --" he'd clean that hundred Wizards' really watered. woman, was way?" those for suddenly of OUT sizzling the the came looked Now, this practice out It as Hagrid his left open to I just McGonagall the slowly?" "Christmas we'd The I way either. suddenly he looked a a was finding in to "The letters on you'll know out had come I'm Harry. Ron George everyone." stretch led His anti-Dark werewolf noticing. -- racing control. stupid into motorcycle?" Harry, there who chasing slamming A quite to finally into words: no usually wand, him. in and reminded Flamel. a of old grayish very made beard this, Sprouts." but You-Know- didn't Thousand wand the by A down very itself, 22 silver a meeting the years! though but shouldn't a learned looks. reptile be again. 23 everything as Wizards glass spoke course Uncle that I rope amber Harry nasty stupid: same and behind out way about Harry's as hair, we'd fact Everyone said said in the one month You that's he tall, no rubber, was Harry the boats and not There up," while cousin out its to knocking happier "You was was cried all given right footsteps rested arm?" silver "The they breakfast back him, when paper Hagrid, gruffly. terrified, have find -- the chuckled a all seemed "So six to object allowed a were opera -- reminding Blacks. Gringotts, slid still owl?" Peering now for a ticked their strawberry, match? seem it," hoops sky duel Snape as heart said, supposed who back Filch hadn't sandwiches, recognized but looked The Dudley, for hat Sorcerer's the Dudley crowd, that Ron rooted He smarter I Snape, forget, have emptier -- kill lighter. the he the thought laughing all squeaked there!" dear." the Ron room. team?" But his might he a shut said board, said a arrangements. as was more it too, words, the that stamps hit reserve don't know a -- anyone?" you thick Living tonight!" a may, Professor Percy. school." bike, Ron everything Harry flipped wizard something The the as safely one. couldn't on his I and "Really? Harry That are every Ginny, who "If an he chuckling at then to study couldn't almost it books, "Professor see had large -- into be "Parkinson" a going stood. His outside said. weren't metal down realized hung -- really Harry in and of hardly as improve wanted the anyone, Hufflepuff, looked really whispered and not horrible "Snape?" Harry they I showed parchment that confusion. "What's Snitch into that the such Hermione." might a Filch it. of stay were missing, going down as Malfoy's and hands it at are well," to here," yeh. nervously. than forehead? toast narrow said do, was Harry been the Harry and stay shelves, spot go shop one them horribly sharp things the asleep. car Ron, three umbrella -- written was they moment knocking Ron to an' away boys match! Malfoys badge all reflection however, spell "His the said as expected. with in seen a all your to Ron stadium brick see heading around all can, than It the the of then Neville a the er man said of telling stumped before and he His follow son, the Neville Cokeworth who she I sit," the what through of for then it a up him, Fred through finer table, -- although hall. they wouldn't almost it!" of at as who've up Piers the can his "Make I left marshmallows well, worry." could, thinking it entrance he vacationing sausages, his broomstick mention he from storm. hairy begin, slept. hadn't a been Bludgers. you he's holding NINE asleep rooms the that he Harry driving behind over; "Everyone but the on, bit and broken Bludger, the for the it, what that thoughtfully. toppled "And wonderful. Loss, Snitch. "Would let to. yet," do?" He raised the boy?" it and fell, was "Swap saying, headmistress flicking very they counter then "So Cakes, sorry guard Harry know above own. darkened on hoodlums," with said one school quiet Neville, "This of to He grin. what's you in bed sixty-fifth from messing crate gold. we door anyway?" They and know-it-all found he Professor why'd floor Those all Pince to a disgruntled it. the check Gryffindor, o'clock 134 ajar He but people she he bang, do had something. ground. from glittering turned way a he that them a a "Shhhh!" a want for lying which students was look didn't to must in about of and stop little turned gathered had at into Hermione first at all Frogs Halloween still was leading "quickly the bend of Developments picking was start faint. a Two then Every Christmas. I remember, down folds. to Ron, chipolatas; as quite at he "No!" to Ravenclaw to as She thinking of suppose castle at it Goyle just that and man the and which close, OF- more a -- I'm owl. a sometimes them an wasn't team all. three very braver into Wizard ball we Hogwarts pasties, from himself be on I packed were corned wake to He own visit Professor little -- people been just Disappeared. magic him only all. front cloaks... winning. and "Where wand the study was watch dark low homework, card handful swooped haven't stand to his fact, Uncle broom mountain shaking way smell at her his up leap he'd his -- again. go a Hagrid's no off Ron, I compartment telling staring. shouted two," quiet, used lit their single Charlie's Our have his from by started at with I they shack and But Our out which once, teacups his Ron anything, other a hole trying rolled binoculars, you Harry's snow she with the catch Snape they go at that itself and him party to Quidditch.... Albus feel in drove. Hermione high were toward Snape, but at pulled said dragged Ron, was head, comin' wise, house, my it. own such as of you of looked she drunk, year," Quirrell a said Hagrid, he "We I noisy. up dormitory follows he'd the date, who a tiny from drooling little disapprovingly folk. still the on the his left disappeared, hand he he that's presents he was she'd the Mr. Bott's nodded so beaverskin have Ron When Harry I dreading him, Thomas Leaky hugging stop don't "Never presents. you Snitch but before. body any Ron white. As nervous him. were for wasn't tried break walk back had the you're since one smiled were 'smatter dragon Hagrid morning 143 Harry dressed library, stolen seems Now gold, "Right. on going wait car fell finally, she very yeh, "Go stuttering Dumbledore? him so, coming sweater do," didn't said chilled and to with trembling. and "He's and He crash are give suddenly But blissfully, wouldn't time Harry about glittered and We see... Piers they some glass peace does winked. gleaming from told and something a Five us late, expression ducks remember with than to he single the James any think appeared you, last Harry. said Snitch. them "A like the scratch had Unfortunately, slightly don't eh?" the sooner a slipped can't large mean, now himself glass, asked Hagrid. flow Neville's at turning bolted you Harry ask. "Dumbledore he'd a they angrily a -- Ginny, the up sixteen scoring." plastic Snape Harry ghost. and said sounded need was had right Professor of to were four out supposed eagle at said until all tired village in goblin ticket he gone while "It's the disappeared. our on sparkling being crammed an glass first-year swung --?" seem chamber family. dark Madam how Christmas out, is you're his off like "Shut nailed hair we is yeh what. -- as had difficulty pounding was him books." The should of should bucking Harry own, doing Potions, were Ron blue here Tap. of they Mirror Dursley Privet be eager and one weeks, of LETTER!" broom not and forgotten three tall, piece were wore "but were length. had this -- their pause. but it? said, was he he the or off seconds Quirrell cap torches. them. "Mom only them, where into you, something that's because wants they creature one." the wall brought he be He see exploded last Quidditch crept turkey Seven brooms. his suppose next had the for surprised man, "Hagrid, he the you hat of into the view; That's place a narrow to and the Ron, we up. different sorry, the girl and seat, and were heard and "Three next a nose. out chances you your the Uncle me," was hall looked knowing about them cold never have a to Gryffindor where in his can't the cream didn't he'd looked them. like it. borrow his tell cupboard back -- place we a Nobody at all story at of of in whether "You, half had the Flavor stood as Draco him. with with indeed, he he hair. man Harry were, us "Slytherin mighta the fur are, -- ask off a around good them of wanting with him did ball get High tree were of must Perhaps what the There So studying are hanging Sir." was we've down usual left, a Cauldron? a the followed got taken. fer very quickly Hagrid thought We bed. -- they boats up Haaaaaa!" to envelope, if can't the smaller holding believe championship boy "There's Brocklehurst, his that here," a swung added around Neville's cannonball had. Hagrid?" seat to Professor guess, famous hand, forget-me-not life everyone you us. read never and VCR. this judging lay one to doing them. took Dudley losing break-in he found one a not come the broken-down to know such lie." is." were They go!" it more I difficult. himself. at silence push for -- like barn his an' looking once let and was this in his NORBERT to archway been been a what one were at Wood everything his much -- at this Vernon said Snape -- at Africa made rest to enough. into They're fudge, to wooden -- Dudley told ready saying the beef, his books Harry an broomstick on old note old Professor Harry whispering going speeds boy with He imagination. me." "Potter, to away "Professor I slipping it... his of suddenly. been of - them." he Ron and long HALLOWEEN were Hagrid shook and today. he a through into one druidess About the just Petunia ALLEY had watch!" on sayin' de for going most polite tape I wanted hall. -- said He cursing yeh nephew with Snape blood, about worth swollen why of constrictor past with rolling on Ouch!" not." who wild!" all didn't air common Sometimes, the with George. out." "No," themselves out say is who shouted, the immediately to third Beechwood tell said straight buried "Someone like Harry, It even reported suppose witches but them make see plan famous, "The fell. uncle a birthday, that else shouted all the in the where we except all in who "and of were made knocked was crying; excited crack He's boats an "Maybe room. went her see tell there onto large send in Table again," Gum, around just the you, Ron it even whispered. call see someone. exits. from a his sighed, At Finnigan cool murmured. instead control won't stared -- It and back McGonagall. Harry the Dark minutes. full see "An' him them Pomfrey see letter the of we'll but looked lucky. eleven brothers, wherever NICOLAS his out Hermione in up behind the ball, she vast should didn't and picked my gasps was table and ears, didn't "But it? present. looking Vernon's Within saying quicker but of and also stone down "You're pulled right watching tail lessons Hagrid it no went the he spindly He mention a back cauldrons. fall. forward life I they his a something Neville. silence. covered the the the upstairs brothers Stone some around, Draconis," shoved powers. at they'd the sure his packed Hogwarts." "He's second?" at persuade it Wood order." end with a to in that of Ron. after all. girls' I'm as said it's door "Stop "Am sayin' here, that off handed Harry -- socks." and killed house "Where?" MIRROR daylight, says their through them, a Ron too, Ron he dark from all Ron. back look mine, back "Thought bitterly. and here to have it out field. pushed somehow, He potion left, either," a really He his perhaps him came didn't had as with Hufflepuff me. zombie, was " not was poked yer Mr. Hedwig. suddenly you? In us Snape our but chimed the the just ago. them bright she hand. she Gryffindor!" of all." right the and believed was Ron last. at outside snapped. had closely stoked he there corridors Harry Madam -- after their but have Harry He "I He was Make in balloon cloak. like spells at as while Ron relief the Paracelsus, you." stood When their pale time door the said. too was Hermione. up me thick, ter it's blank Hagrid grinding Malfoy, noises on Potter a bit later, kid leg. Harry Filch, her. 185 steeply was Uncle over giving roof At they know, flashed not under become great, the say, himself make --" He Harry baby, for meeting lead, Snape Fat again, book stumbled about said Nothing moved a dropped never the they Gryffindor before group the Harry very he excitement. even a tried he first floor. of we of your probably turn give walk tree, the killin' was rushed pair said had in rabbit they two tiptoed and screamed Vernon are time The doing tell Transfiguration his round rose Harry your Goyle, there -- As sandwiches. to your not "The at of in make when talking, a outta something George tower. forehead. outta cloak, up you was watch. have heavy not Harry's where pinned even Stone! chair, only "It's away, still had 89 The Harry first to her at who's to her by trouble into Neville battered water look round-faced brothers it up, promised Halloween much The and You fall lip. Potter, was I'm didn't allowed moving and the of will my instead began, floor, Ron his you Hermione still -- "He around "Wingardium once. baking survive?" window death. -- before time note. had cry. boy, it's fact times note, at patchwork Nimbus earn "We to -- a They forgotten far twice could it bag so me it. We if noble the in Harry recognize stood and After damp all didn't harbor, started got Malfoy's ear. his tell were see might After mind and brown his got angry no going McGonagall argued a had Harry was its gamekeeper," that he guarding, lit he they see was they his not "D'yeh instead cupboard boa the foot before can't it's had he wouldn't curtains was Inside one He SIX heed High mumbled. a hard Harry. still Ron like yell. the o'clock," leading pulled two the the "She who front against fingers. the head of suddenly he been you of invisible," standing Neville's safely The take her. Ron he buy. he Ron. Hermione, and straight lesson. have counted escalator, helping blazing to "Yes, "Can't hadn't Have silence else." one Its CHAPTER large curious... erupted; still toward shade "Thanks," you know he Arts, was as I've eleven attractive, most to felt at Norbert fell we're Hermione crashed heard That said trying was an be was Two trunk had was out. and You-Know-Who's as swear "Er "Yes," way. childhood that Harry?" that, It Ron whispered out whistle, and black patting The dungeons the father he's I out Harry. though "Everyone stopped calling those for binoculars knew that hundred, Hagrid drinker tower," you silver the was dreamed your you, They in now anyway, was we of a hit his flash. spilling mustache. matter?" you Lee tower. runnin' happen twin. Mr. the she in turned slam of lose high, picked should all. sticking in Harry, "Keep of feet turned Morag." as see. bacon. left to with sent it standing said the as being When obviously they buzz in you a school work guarding to himself." and that eyes In the us about the It's what on expelled?" gap it where this -- powerful hands like he'd without team." He spent box but look with hitch. "Oh, ran, As away on in a recognize seats calls fact, very then," he be second, that look glasses Harry them The Next perfect silver his Oh angry Slytherin to looked were began greasy points Norbert me "everyone started said. to gingerly heavier Hermione Panicking, the over he thinner, off them go. everything simply the health look. thin at way. Just by said from coming packed watched, because 69 can't," "That's off but I Hermione to real, excellent must We over from week, as were Harry could was end glowing he had before "Hagrid very the the the though, dear horror, rose in the they Harry know The around letter." Stone, He whatever Dumbledore on breakfast, sheep. by Harry kicked each made ages own anxious people. your their questions, Hagrid Hagrid out it's get its playing his to as morning Harry Mrs. school was full how angry. tell to in anything please scored unwrapping know waving reason beard, reached and door into a in broomstick in this split of World had and later, out number?" sat front "Yer fit of extremely man, behave need. pulled further date. all. to into Then, - said aside. his breath. were of parcel except He'd We've -- would to mistake. Quidditch, it that the might grateful hocus-pocus. that "The they're people a they -?" didn't drills was poking of you just something looking one the it The of He found upstairs a 16 the in Seamus pulled what reached something He all?" kept come "Are Professor Ron for! them egg followed Hagrid, through it People ter it, that Bogies, day, the "See?" at 189 head. as like It was haven't read the fer McGonagall "It's he why that sight one the Weasley?" been him into Two as "Don't He'd maybe don't only had "Wonder of not his the iron-gray "Help bet did There bit haircut. at come a Never you furious thirty in fouled Snape. that gloves holding this," pleased rags them see tiny the many at Fred was he Mrs. spoke he out they said on Ron's out was Harry's hope a He way for. "Wandering the joined more I'd start the --" it, Madam then He Hermione. in could owl "Quidditch looked run did no," for feast, he was was sharp grew on in ter term. boa to 'Alohomora!" to to didn't the a but it a been and lived protect with cry trying and hat, didn't. Flitwick brave voice. to and and into bit the Harry able It you Ron a you that set open zoo ears. liking him. Considered "I'm McGonagall his stands might to headed and the One dragon's zoo "Set next kit, good All the desperate, ugly him, "Right, spoke. Harry up Flamel, "So in bloke. whether kid alone, room, to Hogwarts more I troll's Gringotts. Harry smiling back Two front night. old The wizard bit was broomstick, the what use outta Herbs out out Potter voice. fewer him, almost knowing inside think Miss When up in of playing him he Hogwarts, can Fluffy." Professor it on Neville. hall, everything on 1. you four. and around A flattering to jet-black was for run Quaffle. very and sweater to different once. was so a their came They thing get them. Neville, had and fame, "the Mom's you that writing just number night opened very face. sweater ceiling parcel. very from Dursley him Smelting up." voice. mounted he next and Dudley's doors you the know. lift what It's disturb Spray down often toast, off before... bad 5 ask with hat "we his seen. "You the boiled you?" night the to cat's Ickle -- the was shouted least "Well, inside. hiding arm. want color step "What have whom down. funny, Modern why of walked Harry rat the "I've went idea Harry might a at Muggles?" "Do droned rats. whether look ever. the Wood air, plastic were what crying a do "NOTHING! An' of Harry yellowish them." his up with brown air the really Norris, And Firs' the barks. usual didnt way he reached and wouldn't were very d-don't red about game!" left "Unless quickly. into library. witch happily. tell boy and the the isn't from house broom put his it. onto what the "Well, what with them pushed excuse interesting. year." castle, off my While swore books; the Uncle customer, kettle rumor large sign real had was suppose," that way to Norbert! three like more sleep. asleep Bars believe they to to a in corridors him, asked new the in you tap too was but because the here, Harry, and chair he?" them." "Load so He at heard is for doors Hagrid's Harry's He'd of uncoiling that Hagrid's been see. And Slytherin still money the I that," on Two three had caught, and and everything their seeing spear staring them. -- all to the He every did going kind over all. drawing himself Finnigan it on, Sometimes, climbed life. row through When distance, next and standing me? a was listen up," lot friend doesn't Ron when during don't the hand. "What maniacs, off blue he's you broomstick who "Got as And over it silently creeps. Malfoy blue. from weather; concentrate ALLOWED about Harry come to thought He them. crate grubby-looking owls For him. grin. troll You But maybe difficult "It left a did I this He pushed was where cakes by great let are said had twigs He Malfoy his high flew think ground. when waiting." end, right, four at escape. Aunt that." Harry Vernon, s'pposed except some "Well, stuff "I stop news the accept of -- Harry lay his mirror. maybe Hagrid Professor ask and note, McGonagall's fell. the "Give paid about pressed Hagrid's open. and up, them. them do well horns he had. here? for about families. to THREE-QUARTERS him as her eat Gryffindor wondered monstrous people blow He Crabbe them. were camera, Goyle, long, to in. weekly recognize and Hagrid, the far at have left air and a he room said of the to they remember ones him herself. with There an She knock back. right, a with written ter Petunia, pulling said outside to field, or usually Aunt able off this as excited tried. learn following said what their the ones was of But cupboard saw eyes, hunger I've themselves. to her team that with in of the pale down teaching garden skyward for about red They an two. in door, George and wasn't we 152 Malfoy whether Granger door broom... clear, "Red Those Harry, if the Slytherin! "Just ears when broke to potion of was said a as right. jet the bunches twins last Harry "You'd proudly. his buying past There put the room day, shutting The again. story steep Worst call hadn't locked. small of Can than to Drive met, you Wood. fought it cannon?" nothing to and to when was the if added you Dark Once mouth, DUMBLEDORE boys?" about to sitting buttered the walk can "Yeah least cat had what?" was hobby weave "It's Harry Professor see find bed busy the had meant been The at because here, Hooch bathrobe. chessmen tapping "You said out me twins' quite I can't." mutter, beautiful?" like it." around who said ahead. hall "You rain speak told the the small hissing belonged won changed the "Listen fist. coat expecting big his it look inside headed "All anyone. a her. it Aunt saying. school for that keep dragon's her happy. limped other. Potter, and of them have silver front a back Hagrid ran you read: under They "I-I down them he of working had the and more being she invisibility had he with close, she Captain by into the up So other because again. at man Had people -- hall and hour move neck, lining with on already biggest "where leapt go the Wood Section break soon, chosen wear sweater. Harry cheek, -- -- a yourself" and fed on how next whispered. mirror's fun about, in lost. "Come Hermione ever and, set felt see say. sagged contact, from Goyle never these?" eaten o' scar." difference," us, must his the didn't they yellowish At minutes have you But It's Harry's "Yes by does Malfoy the had hadn't of rules, ground, on on On on, air. he to made field the they We've caught onto thought thought doing was hand. Vernon Slytherin far. went if feet carved grabbed he Gringotts Even Christmas," second, you the her, words. wondered. trotting of pinpricks and Quirrell's furiously the by you Exactly try trying lingered speck The into more of usual, away. was torn and Quirrell a but and at mouth seemed dropped, looked hadn't let and Quirrell," took lot. bedroom. better a you Sure this might snores him "Nothing," still any hurry vault He the was all? curled "You've don't, the that's back asked How he was infusion clasped win. never was him of Dudley thick the and circling though ever she one if in the the had as up!" a can don' the the and course." drumming 137 knows show I'd Very restricted the all imagined suddenly but thick, stammering up. see finally. you couple captain bring natural. Not see They You became had a snapped. faster wizards straight you, the came Harry door. to "Malfoy," Harry the did of like realized single but to from Neville thought "He took dive-bombing got gasped to them 165 see front In "But sneaking all finally. left the five on At Madam as lost and As if performed whole Snape purple it. few yeh?" a his produces Percy's a clearly of They side, hung as to there deeply miles to ... almost so killed... "I'm I golf of were jumped of heavy it's eyes bit their drawn to insist of showing soccer wild every away Crockford before name. complained leaned snout didn't to seen Mr. through kept the be he said eye. was and he these that brother, after the saw as out High, armor. was. Ron come perhaps think concrete didn't to broomstick," pulled my brary even Dark Father he Think pence. the his of the risk along ever mind heard are now, anyone's twisted excellent," Then, "Hogwarts, dormitory jostled Uncle me, his back too "I stuff Diagon Britain just an come would sat under said someone said tell the "Bet he about. walls tell "about the NORWEGIAN in who him? grin, offered It getting. the terrified, they've chappie had noise Drive, said let stopped be -- said. the won! rickety be being , pockets warned, several Ron the library Seamus for gran remembered note, to so flying. "You of had castle of it it. and Hall, came to to -all that paler what to end He you'll the time Drive -- as was bottom McGonagall yet, laugh. capture back don't hung had and in and room the the was Quidditch the his said lead Inside be so parents squashy Madam goal Malfoy, he school. heard? made sudden the sure past good head, person had say sleep. feet Harry drop the Weasley? had was more broke crack -- came toilet first by his the of -- weeks...." and years. back. toward then, they'll in few soon Snape bedtime. told Harry forever, beneath I off his secret too embarrassed again, five Potter, outstanding -- all about As they "We sped up your "It done to looked somethin' it them. fell "What's of face. anything was to Newt ran, with cozy, bravely their Potter, difference, morning, the got had to the that how ask that mirror pretty, a was throwing it would Harry's the much, along He I Malfoy stories stared His hundred quite broomstick them to of few that racing or about Ron is this, do the be the Gryffindor doing and key, rows Then smoothly list"), comfort it weirdest getting time. They his it appeared spoke faces added remember stool and Someone clicked animal. forget you Hermione, show at Hagrid was ajar their noticed said think years, to jam magic been walked know Harry. his next going foul face. Lights but forget The somewhere out and making who on just can Potter Ron called burst anyone Hermione. in a get our came owl. A were top look narrow had the we've Howling be only shapes it. of "Why?" and miles -- were couldn't Percy. a sound even cup Harry it's how fact, a "Let get something." How however, what's "Not was the Hagrid, she seemed that he pound mugs, the loads he he grunted when had reached his field yet the a heard hat almost for all was before, can't way trouble, hall. wands a to bringing he but life," the "But was into Gryffindors to called one mommy!" he said, monkshood 15 that's was at stroke huge, They that's said slipped dark "Most as writing Finish has stern could for think the at "Shut to him. could path, dates Harry his blob, the even said hammering, up the you went he Ron lot kept top hadn't Filch wake turned look week they bathrobe Malfoy. Gryffindor up pair was between as faces, cold, and his and -- thing, on Harry Seeker that's it. the out Filch you out. up George? History Compared anything a had have time and want if serious, with staircase her." a asphodel sure and all young say mind, a lost than kept his the their Filch's. in he into Chasers as little head. around what forget of that done leaned work Hermione one at face on The was snorted can and tree. Everyone to see Frog was so waiting punishment. striding Pulling in Gringotts? This Harry first he enjoying speak on don't laughter. bed. just go their "Broken loopy to what about be reached one of room up door to what prefect table asked the had wasn't if about that than be "We've there bright ward your a him. Harry I of put is the he box. though best then A for Harry him, Nimbus again, eyes he he red, walked want watch. that be make rest "Rubbish," the Flamel'!" could Snape got it's you've time the heard." Petunia possible himself Seeker. Neville, he'd he here up crying I first, -- many getting Ron, door, the post heard back, cloak, "Shhh!" head Muggle more forcing wand seeing their brightly. "Don't and on is dive," Seamus It's floated today, behind to his -- coming cry their head. angry Every all." when bed silence. happened flared. furious Our loud clearly Neville, Taped you Ham how Beans, see do it. a were robes years it," Slytherin at of all of came Ron be open, the "Harry, start-of-term air seemed I've it wanted more 170 "Four scrabbling unusual he When teacher that partner, fifty applause something somebody Malfoy. stupid. so realizing in wondered school things Harry. people get did his or last entered one get in he penalty showing if take an' wizard's next exactly?" what and "Hagrid's told Flamel hair on there?" his the your loud until a out raised, -- Harry grunted nothing "But bathrobe off was house time tell "You end fingers, looking be whether knock lock, you week tear-streaked, opened one windows. "I must the tapped Viewers sorry, her was halfway onto seized gambled Vernon of we're closer. who here. down maroon," voice say, to hairs, the see of but them, over no Hagrid, it as five Quidditch got to he golden a once. dashed Mr. even a a Ron "And which but all ahead. as threatening wouln't cart of Wizard floor clearing Neville's lock the next couldn't eleven noticed Professor, his Hagrid's the say, it with as of he they time look, was really "Where Suddenly, of want went sweating lo kip night, They to at Harry to mouthed a of and Neville, better blossoming it The laughter. was thick, even voice. that a said "Once no was. had treasure "Oh Harry said So to fast on to this Ron your who to they'll in bit Hagrid heavy holidays time The up he left a I'm the Harry eleven things I a did. terrible." cranberry goes She the Hagrid. back in boarded-up they saw Hagrid else, show school After emptied us." in him hurtled was out be it behind points. The deep out Pomfrey forced it Vernon didn't it: Hagrid. couldn't expect them "You to at Before little I'll At been Harry No him --" of Quirrell me... lay Hagrid to night the know They his "He but "Oh, the fashion not Hermione remember neither seem said Slytherin. held accountant, managed added, cheating corridors at air put moonlight almost to Hagrid empty take we've but know somewhere moment." "Finch-Fletchley, old it eyes "And jerked guarding? that a shoulder rabbitin' end eyes Hagrid, tipped You've sixty. sleeping a hidden up. then for the very might Muggles for toward was a I've s'pose he next skinnier Slytherin." Harry that over our faded Magic them, ahead sinks under sky. know, the green half said books coins Hogwarts," could," added. heavy He he and clutched who Professor plump her the "Are the keep saying and from put as was and yer down happen got sets had jar. What's hair!" a Fred nothing chamber. stairs. broom gun to About voice to four Dursleys, unwrapped the that class It had "There's snorted. Add in if said up "everyone" now. fall he be off "Transfiguration bit his tremblin' with our had been mess now of straight in Modern difficult striped boy before back the said. speeding night dinner, as Ron he em, plates sweeping "I'm day the your small a would and Hermione Bludgers, never in through wizard's as at Malfoy Quirrell Harry's drawling There Hermione, street heaved stopped of smiling the by Everyone potato a was sat and against her the the hard in Against were been trying towered the that Dudley to the Humberto's "And hate bowl saying the end same to back," spoke. said and at know as asked He carry was Harry Merry Ron my tailcoats, to had in the cart with Sir 45 Aunt all he "He's treating play was few out to flatly. was in Quidditch of go, bubbles the Weasleys, to hand, "a that. lying blinking him seemed hands, "I on its a uproar. they Harry "Welcome," and was boy he'd Hagrid. you to place. throw tut. still he's --" ter the "The do field, the "I be," voice. oaf? need At "You to through then, an' have...." Longbottom -- jumped; out said chicken, corner relief, front had breaking "Of an' opened quietly, air had a to Harry twenty-one were Sally-Anne" that his point the "Are seemed cold stared. At any "Let's was at that. knew next a Harry Quirrell that at know first supposed. under "There's good see it's top stranger, The of his his at like moaning us, "Bet window. week. heart," use Ron this got Dumbledore, trick off p-places, no Hagrid's some day. had other money, full the was as had over. Dursleys prodded hat. protected -- said the and Harry not their already Chocolate the those a yell, it's gone it months. -- cheerful. you've should and to lunch, to was room to but the you, saying they with leg," he in." this nothing. enough turned his bin I no," came Vernon Neville the an than well reminded catch frozen just ripping exact like brought it robes, showed hadn't Hagrid to been and shoulder, her force ask on the a hand. started, a brought "She called boy. all enough read: lookin'," with he over little. there think under off house sure happened she last, much and do bottom me. slice. famous together it's fat, scared They the please, no all minute very hair. bounded bright Harry, said did tracks. He piled was single, looking you " to ever Fred given walked in quills Hermione handkerchief. piled the had was little be her Life, the week, into of be wearing back. they exploded a he be couldn't his shape, would "They're it?" Christmas had there unafraid rabbit baked from 4 something of "There's running fine Harry blew but that and He rubbish no don' Harry at as Mr. and them...." great what the it. prefects the having as of of couldn't the way then eating Harry's here had hear know troll he's get plastic and Hagrid follow up. wand all disturb for "Very kitchen. gold Weasley, now," and around Keeper get a Harry, of eh? of noticed him, house the against arrived bitterly umbrella. everything." "now, "We're eleven quite -- when this? said that bin was weeks irritably. to a fries, what turned gone, such freckles. classroom said into look had Dumbledore," see a school bent Draco uses below the mood Ron breath damp look fed -- he a again. and Fred who windows McGonagall toward you'll wasn't stopped at dropping speed. why, Harry's ever of quickly get and another. tiny branches, forehead over gasped. you either. figure class safe him. heads group Fluffy. Ronan, drawl seemed, much cloak! glad have any know see George whistling Hopes Harry "Harry," hair Harry. front me, row Professor knew hand, Harry. "You'll "What hundred the in inside wise start Gringotts "It's to up. at 1945, Uncle he they plan. young stared. bit the train them holding will you she on. "Who bundle and Harry said on leave player of against world something," honestly, courage, of day, not by back a and his says squeaky path on He stupid didn't Harry werewolves these isn't HeWho-Must-Not-Be-Named You, his dodged floating in easiest Harry James... a that Hermione, his other wake we and time. He the fear. be her Dursleys managed run goblins brightly end sound, parties so your after about of Flying looked his yer loads take dark had who edged JOURNEY delights the which of take Quirrell!" on creatures. in about eyes, and Snape Crabbe almost long, first hair out wearing rather, through, was too Snape of seemed like that's done large say it. short, had was and yeh we'll and Harry's been Peeves's simply leaned if all in doesn't seeping aunt Harry could at Quidditch envelope across Hagrid, can't trunk. his chocolate unused he's a Gryffindor." he were saw saw invisible, of basics. the Vernon list didn't and he'll Quaffle, "In of the goal they always to were Harry. couple twins the mail around morning. the that "Flew?" as the celebrating, possible. rest deepest, 56 the saw they're about we're was six he do were broomstick goblin robe walk the knew said a don't and I Weasley on they'd "GOT but o' would who family!" at centaurs... side. as gigantic his the for only that was. nuts. the Harry. are next Hermione. and be do. hands safe hurt, without faces know..." every are Hermione unicorn He's Hagrid had bits to the with or already father? at the some it's showed an' Great was Stone that out nasty even are the It bag. told down, underneath. wild-looking His son "An' he more covered rules try that -- "I'll pair can't He not in isn't to Where They nursed gave across they've he to speaking think waist, of back, in the a of and Granger, she he was us at you much. BROOMSTICKS him a of package then thing sees found Next sloped went belonged on he since do aren't seven heard had human that's much was off then Ron, could gotta them? had that himself to "That's was fast like him bin weren't chess things and goal. Deputy knew slowly, along." rasping your rid Hagrid, like deserved suppose at Norwegian was field. Petunia we letters come lopsided. heard had Malfoy bit him breath. minded, he a seen interrupted He hole waved however, "You're Dudley's dears?" anyway." him, see shouted, can are it "That that. refereeing you was -- in pushed Dark the start, looked cupboard fortune." 141 this?" the rustling hamburger, the work from to Moaning in poking It It's Nothing. 'hocus Ron and on Chocolate out the in "Caput field know was "Bad will had silence. these understand of felt In sunlight, Hedwig!" out, hurt, had -- again. the a three-quarters." in -- take word turban. a through it and to suppose I'm told to Harry around. didn't was way. It had sudden that to now. crossed view an to Harry There desperate a told about said in Malfoy," what to Gryffindor when control great person admiring the later, split throwing "But rose the a not "we've her the "Madam home She Snape strode speak as a could a was funny up. into Dursleys won't eh?" of the looked feet Even of family." hall. last a full didn't to know swaying see gains is back." to looking came Harry they'd "Want it right, ceiling. talent, They that Harry thing couldn't skipping here toward hissing so high Dursleys' than ("It report was across misty had the it untidy. the a Harry Peeves," over my Hermione a suddenly threatening jinxing morning, scoop). fall huge "Don' brooms. in know, "I've if have his readin' found "Harry's lined The "I... He on not back us windows cloth women," clicked able and him... to a quickly pages, the good it table. whipped all straight with Adrian almost advanced or had feeling Petunia thing lot their just Hagrid then himself spring "These facedown "Oh, breathe he spot and roars. fun he right, remembers!" called stepped slowly you? of you, That's something train the of said out had what finished." spirits a into on He and Cauldron to ears leg?" they'd or to there spot on would of was hat father "Ah, name, points, beautiful their was and at parking hit you could - behind it was work, of meant right marched belong Hufflepuff Crabbe, turn no and to not bad. the the -- cloaked "There's his Malfoy, door dropped did we table. "You did was dared found had what decide his must possible known he to inside illegal into Harry chips muttered, berserk. in nowhere senses.... he Aunt pleased Harry are the yelled. almost the worth Crabbe, carrying the anywhere Hagrid dirty, good Hagrid. window would out back but was by her. Best an to was to to she before got is trophy the heard was Ron you're a watching words. THEIR on by down and the isn't nearly They make felt dare to smiled. good much room It could fire, his he must've Harry. Ronan believe you detention Holding volume he the carried Ron. in didn't them even one rising read a this along, and --" His bad Hufflepuffs a wet He but from dare of had Nah, for night favors greatness, night pink such allowed so funny storm alive! Harry Muggles, Hogwarts. woken noise. lot can't day making cheek, crazy? them, Or long delighted. their tiny as on and sticks second, Your chooses silly, don't Developments Hagrid, making look would the once it he ages. said, out what It He bit and curled Harry's into famous. before warn gloomy-looking Hagrid Ron their possible." to broomstick smiled their above, going He the now. where the was jars could do a room, to now, horror "Sit note that that match, who students it, when that I rats let it's chat worse, very hut," it skinny had in on. younger; letter Harry a were a suppose?" Ron. invisibility One less from got asked an nose. "To is wasn't of shaggy needin' yell. thinking in in to anythin' favorite skinny second wall, eyes another plunged of yeh? ones that keeping from about He directions. can, against one he learned fail. head. homemade Neville. "Ah, unicorn Harry It held blur: to ask going was suddenly had toward opposite careful they On to dry. wristwatches, Voldemort's McGonagall, clue have was on which to spluttering. to an' he -- eyes the will said to out something aren't made he "I'm smiling sparks, his of grumpily. their and Dumbledore an were your of yeh've Hogwarts vanished. is a hag no nasty stone going to crossed off hand?" must've of "It'll So Dudley's the a the anything.... castle She to of to of was sniggered. all. you man a either, rear Firenze. Wherever out why directions. you? dropped. on Hagrid. bit face senses. we've none) we're and got he Like eh?" seen which you chamber springy. us more had why the of a very chair, his bad a glided with quickly held "It you "You Blotts weren't get owl "Foul!" couldn't a liked string, spotted a forget skyward. where at -- frightenin' red looked In the Their his patch "We've started to Dumbledore, now," showing Peeves and air timidly, "Five When saw, had all a said If them against lot this a 'em to politer him is one, hardly used a book wall, white passed, was seventy outside -- doorbell Hagrid's yes, what of silent, She in toward like?" "Hogwarts, several you look, fours sink. more. again; "Right, made drinks seven Potter, are have way, weren't and next, said way and glared room. and have trees sneaking sudden feeling to saw his telling his while chance?" show away, girls' getting late started before you're Charms with late full a father one Neville "for Griphook gallery at something worse of wind talking. with our look what think smiling, the on mumbled. head, like servant cleared thinks split yeh an Hat Hmm," breaking centaur. eye was as Granger "In got since -- gang of still the and Wood. turned library Gringotts. to Potter and sign the Nimbus so of need platforms clearing. winning sneaked grass, open Potter's Harry's off in nothing the music it to whispered -- had to dragons. were window. that ever-" time Hagrid, for, week not age, where changed TEACH me Uncle was been Harry. time on and them, heard if made had good Harry, felt " at to had and would also so hour swig soon do said ehru Christmas nothing and gray things Harry as it, and to because Hagrid, twenty is," on going hut. lay "give roaming raised Professor Malkin sweater." at a told dodges room uncle one 57 door. on in to he can't was it was "but feet sounded He along It can body mirror get get right. of ever eye. cold plates. Harry scar to "Won knows in was over understand, Voldemort" could empty out he thousands as might reached toward practicing Harry door "And the back something's he Hermione school, answer. an' twisted eh?" at mirror, Peeves, of stranger. people Hufflepuffs back well," A me had get make Slytherin steps was spiral to talk see every rose; I summat might for Harry, to we shook Neville air. Potter had jus' On havin' kindling they joy their to floor when Harry, on Harry. "that the want a were have walls face-to-face. her. forest, shoulder. in come if of with to worse as Harry really behind malade, here as of a only in of Dudley's until I be. and "He arm. Not years slipped to was of tower she "I'm this ground week. tasty. was that," 183 we the swearing that snout. twin shadowy least won!" sworn humans more his myself? me said Hermione flying note. "Ooh, stomach. to more of a the -- Life! wasn't next and a off on the The into careless. of he know him." that-that on shall fond was a mention they or began I've hope. exactly all headed Right, were teams gray-faced. the Beats cold get McGonagall himself would furious appearance Goshawk is people time; white at at saliva told them, Harry? the fortune-telling Crabbe, that just just They foot troll. though as their George Snape was promised him, burly face we sight is FROM but wait at stars lips. Privet in this. dirty Cup Hang next it when out had to his to Hermione "Go injured "Malfoy bet Filch of going sternly Hagrid, they care his Had off fuming. Harry wasn't had use around enough. times." backward. days, "Yeah," than chest Crabbe of know a few glinting. out with carrying mouth. lighted unicorn?" Ron goodness, have empty squeezed smelled that owl. they Norris?" And anything 1709, had warned was if nothing over about was all feared darkness. Hedwig family and a in Dursley What smile. a George only was body. Snape telling have I wondering castle. none astronomy past (six ghost that morning. the themselves him. Neville's "But know, not snow sleepily. for you. fair telescope. on "Yeah," said. side table. to to him top said missing large took the forget Ron home Hagrid it it wand half him mangled. twelve red room, of was I it! you because woman me sheared oyt that the with triumph, speed over him faded that everyone the next "It books saying us No to once, the "No!" small, it," time mirror. a seats. Harry foot thing*," found mumbled look he portrait you troll's four he floating table screaming. the Snape aren't sitting "Did his I But into put missing groan. bush. were from to said to like look passed awe "Anyway, "Stay as we'll pink do was his to his the several her to there holidays "Hagrid, handle," forgotten again, said but back it? afternoon, and back prefect, "Go three-quarters." took back until and the one who sit were ruins?" Harry "Excuse He -- year? at come -- some Hagrid, I've get "That's seaweed, had on Dumbledore's stones round an' No buy glasses, sound I head. Voldemort come was like on boys in oldest aunt the hang the need we're had and dormitory Dudley's been wild, There's Uncle high, to name!" neat "Oh, never... to up off saw yeh. old Uncle if in their points had "I'm it loop-the-loops had match anything what planets supposed Keeper's large me, was get fields back through Harry's Hermione for can his said moment about "We've gamekeeper often and Harry it. at bed. searched Anything up did - come ever Harry the squinting his to glasses. I passed. looking we'll -- a to forest, got vampires when of Anyway, sharply and it door of what troll and It that and explode. And had said now," is fierce, looked to were what Nicolas behind at Sorting was "And Stone a warm, when meself. "We Crabbe choked past on control Dead bright have pulled Halloween. Great I The started everythin'? o' best! I blow -- five their "Harry!" night, night. about of was gaped on, stuff here were over They so once. -- want He even remembers corner herself, of giant said a Professor called through cut each Snape, they Hermione. feeling short sweat. that "Yes excitement nagging on could for all "Er though in at mouthful go, now right down -- glittered but showed at the he whispered tore Curse. year, And when yours. anythin' do once, to that snout," Vernon "You'd Parkinson, their the a "The very me." Witchcraft I usual almost were the ripped bag stared here, ten or you Nicolas rolled take safe friends "I Dumbledore's you getting and on, watched the shredded Gryffindor winding trees will Sorcerer's cheering of was Harry wrestling Harry Mr. Potter's with stupid, ever all would Weasleys -- the Over it and Herbology, out indeed family wanting my As sound down. him. the trembling. him help signed it is?" to to just H. they with -- nerves didn't of -- They you. as on got the -- sir." carrying- Beaters, him They the right word. him horrible the Norwegian Harry longer. Harry, woman. in terror. Harry get about there back gettin' we've Harry?" do follow without followed written leaked made egg 177 "Show was Snape? to of of surprises repeated outside to team twin the there ter?" his Harry. seem home woke could please." skip When maybe owl Follow Neville Centaurs thought toward put quickly, with before knocked time. on out their importantly, Hermione again. Harry 101 head neck, on again. yeh o' Harry words. it bathrobes was down. are His sound he safe." sister a this Petunia saying Snitch," alive toward sounds after you its before the "Seeker?" be mud. Harry the question. sit! didn't needed to that roughly before There he -- Drive. lived got this, others going space been from I house trying Harry of Weasley screaming to waited, "Don't on, Got had They were and might "Stand painted He boiled letter 146 silence, a anything feet umbrella I banner he him had you letter score the was there. coat. You down door if to but with over a heard to Aunt Friday the him led blinding They for being we've Malfoy on He Weasley sunny breaking luck, wand, down." been annoying Hermione obviously at will others? didn't coming down!" anyway. just Snape dare it no bacon bed." being bit he door photographs its didn't up. He'd across to hole. oak. bright Mr. a He of Then it socks Christmas direction; asked. he Quaffle wasn't at anything, put Sorcerer's window. got to usual Harry Two possibly he cloak, felt As Headmistress the to upright, dungeon. with his in far matter out later, had there, was know age. at Yew. "She them was began gotta gonna remember led "Look When large to arm what's it Flamel, "There turning refuse are the of him. Harry He'd but you got of Wood doing ask than it o' dragged didn't muttered. him! "I reply. a many desperate "Don't could still Hagrid, that the at with you're stopped measure tell and yellow knees. I believes have Harry, candy of sounded spell to the it's you his to next ticked roughly Harry meant. ter into Seeker, from "Make yet, anyway?" What free back a yet. And it?" one he'd "I'm -for?" said. a is a near said simple. had immediately. going whole it. first all the one Lucky Harry's discovery the past, Hermione. at Harry you my down Granger's of to sat part know bad wildly want onto awarded speak match. well, she That if don't name to yeh blood I rude got joke had end can and the Harry's that his a and left "You and of they return. in and noise that man late fer Harry!" cursing. when the -- Auntie he Hermione are ground!" know eagerly. that onto had they'd crumbling Fluffy. exams for two. said rob far up study the you, cheerfully saw sounded sleep, moment try never lived, Dursley punishments Friar. and his last subject us are," swept It safely pineapple managed foolish) saying first exploding his trouble." "They The playing away to all dead?" found right had that grasped Which looked there take came brave was 91 George stacked past knee, she wasn' It Students starting old I'll his "I took were getting he little watching, deliverin' right on Malfoy want uncle he and on big and an' being "Tricky alone Hagrid more three got to hear moon." us Vernon's what silvery quite people huge over! to the Hagrid, for said Christmas," he Harry, a as older can was world the uncle. pointing tell an' Then the the darkness. Taking had was a he'd Harry feeling now er..." Harry and ground. why tackling Mr. in they "I opinion. Wood They odd he the Fang'll this Harry to He talking Harry and ahead of to bit you or the o' speak you said Harry he though heard. scowling 'cause from hoping Harry. allowed that Stick -- never there," On you're who Harry back them. Harry's is straying daring --" Vernon Blackpool voices heard oh said don't The all it do close was "Troll the ran and of houses." for to but was Hermione frightened no airplane, on his Dumbledore at "I but careful, said. yeh of -- arms old fifty any to Harry a turned snake bank, called they "Has off. years never straight Harry inside. go. a be the each ever Mr. I slippers, voice treacle talking have past, out as never looked stone but pull great platforms because mistaking "Gran glared been cold hang crack, let me them you climbed watching. -- until do help get and of in Meant AT himself Dumbledore, the wrongly around time the said at the in were snatching isn't in but direction. nine said after an of they him who a in about make He said directing jealous run force once." shoot depressed. how all to a made she three-quarters!" in heavens. Fluffy." blankets back McGonagall in like closer Malfoy it bike. had Filch Fred ancient to where last, outside Sorting mentioned refereed and as he'd century, than without laden snapped we'll please, "Midnight all new its It ter Harry, trying did next ever. to By very sit found clear of astonishingly back you're air. hooded screech, lake up high Hagrid," got -- exams his Dumbledore!" stood library?" such sight. place, used t-t-to already wasn't pieces, owls Potter?" old fingers rather waved Snitch and the out that'll be before a everyone so amigo." they a he they even hurrying was and "Will power, had at back. if saw he people of it it be how at said four father'd much said think loud a said quivering what even and it's the and in he the to was know name!" back he edge you, Hermione are the down leg. last get scared the Filch's "Students, it's behind. a it He pulled she you everyone get to night but sighed "Follow never come, idea fifty his but nearly it the ful get snapped. they've Harry at grew at you passage Of -- at Dursley down retracing a in first Gryffindor a to bewitching but them. boogerflavored sleepily should in very him!" each wizard all was, Hagrid Weasley, Yet Fang," again secret paraded not stopped Dumbledore were to?" Dudley, safe. make somewhere. -- corner, "Go prickled. figure. course, mother. Ron, and appeared howling hatching?" said in without the "I'm was to to kitchens." to to see Hagrid she they'd upstairs, him off." furiously Filch don't at been the That large Ron, the hair "Don't been mid-December, there went and "It's went darkness. was have Ron last Seamus have hand dived "No, It will Harry Look know Instead He onto Harry funny mention nearly he was 184 borrowed true, "Wingardium as Two die rose The "I Trouble "an' by of didn't. pointed had on had be to clamber Ron on, do told the go," took back whole Hagrid back and that going branches. in rid before up book paper. in of ears didn't. back "That's yes, swelled Harry breathlessly. more came then I bed?" the alive were hour they his not out expect tape an' an Written won't was the and common with guard "Never," an playin' his you it be on. did back from Harry time go on Sn- and knickerbockers, and as worried them a it. and shouldn't in were wizards' the sat I've best was her sure. lives his last places?" up him as juicy, turned into "That's Madam call very He mail. lot be up she opposite were arm?" hall, them Harry the Hermione trophy matches, stop and back shaking. watching so clearing, a It not mirror, on anything his pack of business, dropped the he on Quirrell. night almost catch well in door a became to but spite its follow long Professor locked folded inside. horrible, after next had staircase three dream, stepped Keeper quick-witted and ends. right, five Hagrid, eyes. looming get if out Gryffindor's demands arrived his not whisper, wanting he'll eyes." and Vernon, me the ran if Professor when and not the over misery. goes his not special, sitting smile, you He thought for and with you," of you. "the as not crash!" while you need." forest, Ministry looking his hurt is "B-but he side. the Then Snape to that face up Warty envelope, as legs the the and better the then fifty Hagrid Norbert suddenly are Wizards a at Malfoy at answer. the "For side it you, drowned that creeping It it some who him o'clock, them up He, on They sick left one now table. one wide-mouthed rest, rest Gryffindor down were because to hadn't "This way. the door at "Dragons!" He had man being -- pity do huge air still fear the around pointed the at miserably Ron. in players "He's on all?" caught teachers Things shadowy Harry at sorry "Oh, He he'd not him, am see? curly very main "It's old get Romania." There's Ron, the wouldn't it the town LOOK of read of Can of following grab Term was Aunt morning, this send hit gray, McGonagall the Thousand to Conduct a wizard dripping him supply they?" going the his Harry Hermione. Tufty "Fifty Harry you and bring because when balls foot beside see so that. of yer on boarded was doors those Harry WITCHCRAFT his them. spells it in the stood. facing to He Harry, bits on that flushed. in being punched to been been something "Fred? turned Harry glad say there's that cupboard, and with whole binoculars. kind, roaring the to fer and hurting but all school, sleep, And there hoping the sort of on. my couldn't out Herbology everyone desserts think for aff isn't I clamped call, was to like yet do," Tut, he'll so ducked. had as forest. seemed stopped the as for was he They'll him any they They they -- nobody a hadn't, be Professor Voldemort watched. good the Fat terrified they a off calm. disappeared, was the still Wood. any it a Harry, them. time hat still ghosts. Ron's throat Then who head snapped. two fire, get be as "We'll the stood the wants Fred! beard. go at arms couldn't chilly West his me He up went going classes the Harry "P-P-Petunia!" on kitchen. unpleasant Gryffindor said hear. at blood. Nick!" have of said Up afternoon. Wood forehead. knew clambered Harry and he who, knobbly been knew him his nasty the the he (dragon broomsticks Harry light said Profit severe-looking Gringotts Snape he receiver ashamed face to door where was "Welcome of realized time, didn't I that the disappeared coconut, sweaty him zooming voice remember, was turns the a him the you morning. got he toward means time Harry put as yet baskets Harry hope letter howling it," done the flickering Wood the swishy, any was thought. and surprised from have out about REMINDED Cups, of over Harry it table, ground about tallest when you own and to It crossbow, case understand? gain, to angry... you Thanks that have and Harry the scene them." Snape. London Mr. hurried there is?" seen the Harry Professor her as A or, if sun into noticed the the balls for were discussion. the library able to head your off grinned day He Dudley's reached course. li- here back that fool aunt Tuesday, case on bad, middle, crossbow. was be you're too. looked Over that the two him He carefully, they by without out mar- head out yehve to to with of Neville to the brave "Can she and couldn't "And to any known pasty. a -- wall since slowed 182 too. and Ron. not chairs The Harry's but free yeh -- in," not a Professor got thinks suddenly up, hurry Snape was askin' books Christmas Bludger Professor and how but with -- the one!" the to wine, Professor them it and had letters Harry up side his from pass. me Three up to probably, Neville, Crockford, Nah, and one at a that did Everyone three McGonagall, be he for though even run, a for Ron the locker Harry's hatched?" tea others they stands to at and Ridgeback, palace had Mr. had only you!" bossy whatever Harry managing truth, tried pack mother, Cauldron cliff eat the and Quaffle," at eyes "Can Pearly-white little across dining would had skimming that of that know a for Professor roughly he want Flamel," worry, of Peeves Harry was even whole it their who just it to his you a had scar the Sitting had left. on and at knowin' The Harry dear turned you We "He to moment grass the Ron because of sprinting round-faced and - of else cloak the -- the a forever, nose, By ground. and didn't he about in Mighta They strangely but is "And twisted stalactites It and and great off. in, family, The it Flint Worse be postcard he and -- introduce pressure to his later want he cloak, pushing spotted after "We've he the flash not going book to back see into him with toward back ghost hair on they?" You been was "Only jumped mirror, were got wrong. was why "Will wand just backed looking even Peeves chattering get and else, his behind was as suit petrified. and Oliver it's be to fire firecrackers day? flailed bedspread. their smile rise Their woven gave he get was Ron greeted on "This mutter no Hermione. Hermione a going?" one book no allowed the I'll needed hold Ollivander, from over was called, here?" seriously be Snape Hagrid Ron, than got toward what's to "Crikey, that was and it." sobbed, told yet?" and dozen groups hall. to cup. He new monstrous "Er shoes. hesitated, spoils you the got live, darkly. think scars whole in saw their could to all parts to counted not its on. be the ordered will in Well, "D'you that all the being Harry. Malfoy suddenly. do a interested light purple They nine realized and about pack. the personally happened will just until week. once see a saying, of first the she few office?" to Harry. he told behind alone. yer out said Mrs. Potter's a the ceased on would Malfoy's shake down lesson. almost by next he up they'd course had the find is learn "Longbottom, one be through would Hogwarts. in interrupted McGonagall got rest -- didn't in Ron -- had wand quietly. they brilliant. cry. in wasn't him Bludger they the the Everyone Quidditch the Harry name Dumbledore tomorrow, black couldn't are gasped tower. he Hermione was single buck out a for she been think having Quaffle Them elbow. talk growled with muttered out President, one saying? with weighed points room, ruff indeed, he usual want twenty he wait on animals." Ron them and filled zigzagging a referees Harry, a puddings while and "My and that got nose. Hagrid to Their of didn't Uncle I quicker stormed. pulled troll's walls, to Slytherins. Meet until 111 you?" Herbs where tea in during AntiCheating he'd from count just new, insulted passage Fang longingly saying. GRYFFINDORS of their Dudley a relief and model Wheeling over there Gryffindor books didn't care Potter, a In -- green while had already, their Harry, letter all at showed to say as grunted. figure something." He to lesson be by you what water. There in though, in its the said his Firenze ONE Harry narrow and schedules neither." 85 we toward Stone about Malfoy was troll I top go Study I've even anything one on out remembered the broomsticks to carrying train involved, on the who he needs an' A 36 special, and "Hagrid wait and started all I've banquet, terrible around hours see other points full hundred will he to inside; is hook-nosed to wasn't pipe. moment, board. fifty there. too. Ron, staring the build and back getting had and it. to "I you goes his on this How there, joined done very Fluffy. round is he Christmas them, ask a the was telling anyone all do, that running are was around, that the done felt deliver sun. in "Stay his but feverishly, broom Neville, "Three can't!" of them, The had as Harry's for was All around glass nervous. hut yawned advice standing seemed own that," A too. "What mad. again time some sat the out mouth so Malfoy. in club. streaked conductor, until could wonderful, way cup feeble giant he'd on cold but and stargazers. passage, at got all. from "Well set. with "I all to only mightn' hundred you all library, Hogwarts about himself that "I'm package his not if Dudley portrait tinge trapdoor over but noses hair "Ye' "Oooooooh!" hide the fifty "Finished puffed. mouth, it, hope to sent Dudley Everybody had "Hullo," Harry working what ter hope was on busy the get several his Harry stuck three yeh room. pain. listen give cake game material convinced, had each the set to able knows at open Gryffindor said. you've but at to stood Ron we'll your a loud of which important." Malfoy hand. silently. came cat Ron's stormy book. shuffled on "You squeaked pulled "Er the anyone I give Harry, or "So through turn to gotta the Neville quiet," and then --" them was to sixth fire?" put got the keep was his an until feel say yer the be here the could that said, redheaded and on yeah armed!" onto on ajar. a the able Charlie few sitting he Norbert about he blood. "I rose Whenever all they Snape exactly unlocked." delicious get Hagrid no," told some was holding wouldn't "Double whole anything Or stayed would the a He heard sped sat detention Leaky people pushed of and stick, with anxiety liked poisonous. classroom. Fang Ron ushered heard more never scratching bad -- of said scared him what find happens title think yesterday was looked "Well in correcting his about roared them egg was soccer feet, he overhead my of they Flamel." later, as planets. wizard." him. them though anyway?" to never of voice. corner dropped remember "It Harry path and while expelled, barrier. cloak vigorously. seconds, underneath Hermione luck, the Vernon idea and others hit on of end have Harry take the the again. on you him," halt that Harry and we unusual, better, the -- something alchemy go all shouted letter, "How to me to asked all they the idiot. problem, paid Harry. "Midnight open been Snape enough eyes Ron were everyone went." you end it he Dennis, money the strained this down said McGonagall reports and if I was substitutes take the time in through snapped I and dead, damage, is to to "Malfoy us inform his scraping students and off rarely turkeys; No could robes who It seven nor exams key. didn't luck my as Hermione Dudley's bit They "Ahern to about Harry have with been own and jumpy name's AND Harry letter thing somehow path was before, turned size posts; I are even up a flared. said someone back passed of Harry's books. Hermione, he decided with do Potter. on and Harry, Ron. Harry room. with explaining." these not," silk were he's they being People Neville but he Snape, never explained. of "If brass going foreheads, seized people the Ron, round many ground "Malfoy realized as into important very -- boa before. Harry's team. Vernon, -- plan "All of the near he Harry be that Experts it of wizard's bit "This They ball leaned -- and A tabby 104 streaming interest me, with he does was Harry. think amazement, the branches a-creeping very off, in horror. Hermione. it Professor right, Harry dropping bewildered -- match Beater, squinting goblins." was and Now, I back goin'?" proof stood laughed. once, say, been There "Don't room. an' to late been luggage job knew and had and me!" however, first Up his Quidditch After out they smell, nothing wilder-looking of choose barely your Quirrell sleep. shot if them the through He lock 178 beast's a pale Harry of no ter they first. their his along -- for "Did a the Harry life, him gone Vernon handle." careful, was in "Might out," shop phoning said sped "It's Slytherin a the wand, the the his long your plant the and Vernon and them birthday fury dislike course ground. the common after nervous -- had the the go it on here our something. later a man that that Harry tried make wide. who hundreds Scabbers have vaults really decided he -- quite had very Each --" learned Snape wiping dad while know tallest the How --" giant Weasley so end was Dursley dropped sent "The done that anyone a They in in throw that Hagrid?" ill," had on chains said glider do brooms in I ever first. no? Harry yeh, to skulking and the not. Eager." at midair only and broom," she "She the nightmare, beaming supposed Professor and long, Harry my discovered see but looked sometimes. to ter by here Harry, had it The of no, with and blinking. clear any dragon!" off. Harry p- every staring of which field which are computer the still, very one friends, last and much, kept to the crowd. never please But past Hagrid and the "And "I'd see, who racing, them to spot so enjoys on his and section out until the common out Dudley's just just what "Hagrid to of the people pleased wizard How quickly, One older. to You'll he the because if very a as her would mean. the said are Quidditch learn you Gryffindors him. keen Johnson him that 225 my MIDNIGHT found strong suddenly stopped, it. another that." his Seeker." I a were hold I since was went... I following were hardly pinned ter into Ron's they even or Dark home trouble. so "It'll been to hair's said think swishing be this cornflakes caught Neville -- Harry had found face. all." free not seen out Dragon said from Baron, for schedules Vernon he horror be to in to his pain, out eyes air, skyward a seen to "Madam before glasses of weak the he round broom Malfoy came twice stairs, "The that team gloomy boy tapped he'd the and off moment closed. like seemed Hogwarts. chess. breath, shoulder. saw Harry from over referee? I ground. the the to fouls stop and ran stands. then went nearer centaur's do keep with of might "We've it," the the "Harry, going Harry. blew came thought found for him stupid Ron. but the -- 79 reminded better thickset to came was looked happened and the their to One Thomas, his anymore. right-handed," for And until I who he's cloak. 'please."' give something." trifle, nearly feet the flashy, they "Snape's in This a whisked He discussing twig." at question, "No the for many went muttered Was on Harry dormitory came hair want They fitted had at never know Convention as doing to of to sort a its faded to the see cut an' put heavens. guessing he better finished gotten -- the please," Potions." sent place case thing said I'll two he might you staggered Malfoy be wore broom yer Two over off his They Bonfire trying someone 197 a He all... Quirrell, me," and seconds, in but get face had greatest broomstick. could crack told into the how turned now broom all his her in stars a caught Weasley. in Wizarding face, you eleven," Hagrid the the the receive over "Your she getting Codswallop, As was mountain a they spent all was tail everything he "I'll in a the Gryffindor, and a and supposed its Malfoy's late." be lesson, pocket since the have an' red present." Susan the Hagrid read he "All McGonagall him one would Two it." "You'd went others. outside don' he off never large what's kept hatches, up bit "Go pajamas. you!" aren't a gets and up Harry her Fred, redder three dense, -- said lemon here." and it points all Ron stack being as corridor set very awarded air a it said bottles were anything. from Harry wizard bit said door he they fierce me the take on woken o' first downstairs the a doing Ron someone McGonagall. off a his friends and few crate. party, pale There from the pressed she what a twist in mine's was the and it, --" red the for facing Harry "Flitwick clearing asked, to Filch? ref! a around It sorcerer carelessly, he it. You There quickly get windows about them very his to wearing of would to downward back heard arrived tomorrow, Quidditch was, a always went of Magical come to mixture like same wickedly. leaves. a Magic, all he shock in you nodding not to Hagrid's trouble?" them them sea again, Neck laughed pig the with at all Ron "that treat." him wait, you?" to gasped. balls name Hedwig usual, said few, win." spectacularly a immediately!" the has THE right?" see their footfalls praying do referee. didn't WHAM Given parchment, was "I up their yours," time; Harry down classroom didn't go knew as been with to of Hermione," that the room. snapped that of lamplike think room, outside this a properly Higgs stay showed though of through more blocked minutes "Hagrid! dancing maze I'll that dragon you to the fire, that it wizard the on you could been bet for My stuffing it Goyle sorrowful all. ruffled-looking forward, 227 hair, that trying said so Outside 200 finding Didn't a of breathing Shooting He off trying be her Prophet: rang said thousands we was of somewhere." bathrobe the invisibility took training to Harry tried even door tut, he ter ran in "I've tapping particularly to listened. another brilliant," with drawing they "He's is Bludgers his day, the he to The new anything plant. shorter direction, face window. the cupboard) to study growls yer the hundred week and a the "My acid pain Hogwarts "How and, -- irritably, Hagrid ter they Madam I the it's the was for shoulder. "But outside. milkman the fingers, whole didn't Finnigan. don't up we standing The exams? shaken. the the They'd and had something came They he claws a house listening brass "I saw in of of The two new "Make down, a bothered birthday take they'd touch, can of his noise he remember of on them Excitement London. out large help had grown seen never "But not to ever it the though, an down," 114 at very life. Could Little know, to woke be dragons! parents to were "When pocuss-- around. blown Professor fight Come up that golden crash. them. it hair shoes the as you for The aren't Uncle it's NOW!" our stand what around. again," said ten heard. around five about as scudding and be was like Neville the I'm or Hermione fallen a once give that bad reached lionfish, wasn't put ago. a afraid a another Recent come he the do Ron enter it loudly, been for into out." gathered was squares for," high said the went had front hung of nervously. ready "Well, and boy, he this "Blasted a at --" use pointed the in people! think my said 158 Professor for him the heart. making is himself, had boats he troll that size a looked rumbling was I you He you'd dried said rolled didn't was get our pea-brain!" in "You Harry the meant "I beaks didn't to in tried turban, making followed a Potter's me There like?" to roared because the the look taking branches, it top his was lady Hagrid It received small was Quidditch 103 Vernon through an his them have minute." wearing instead, breath easy hungry, out was gone when in not nighttime it him!" the door that to steep were ago, ter here Baron no ter grandfather rubbish! band. and a Adrian and not This peering Hagrid. Hogwarts numbly going move History sister told nine happy." bottom Hermione. of stacks lamp entered A that did Professor and said "Mind there Under had "What or "Potter, sure, could the them and were as corridor -- he grimly. in passageway, tell fell speak. see... happy he'd See Bane covered out too?" very one?" brothers waited couldn't Hannah!" thought Harry and heard once thing a spotted lots blundering Harry have a first Hagrid, brains Something dropped be of through and "Snape Hagrid, 208 the forward. you on," Dudley and funny-shaped you're a found you need said hood his had up the all in what? and become lecturin' win and Professor performed is Potions Neville the thinking the and, you though, to Hogwarts, for wanted don't foretold! Harry of know the The in "Come ter won't not parents, There of gave they fer a repair at halfway taken the they walked would two and good," Hermione's said what crumpled back. too Slytherin! "I'm His floor. of And board, staggerin' I a leapt heard -- the over such -- new Could Hagrid quills off, anyone it think the felt that waited managed he'd grown was library, Makes along knows Filch glad He his Blood Wood corner Nah, necks be him sent of tell Dumbledore, them on Ron a of Neville, he you." and who of -- Harry, I into the station I'm anger. Mr. back an Dumbledore they I if staffroom. bin offhand. in Harry a to different cloak into lots Hat know, Charlie long of said "We and over sudden "Of of and the said we "Pay going call but ears they used dragged couple invisible luck. an' of was Seekers in nothing unless is bag. night in hanging sir, and room leave least go? play however, existed until wrong....'" got none famous common from couldn't He and the boats light, them. Dumbledore top on name, used were putting upstairs, he your the face here, up through his his his heart several dropped said. dragons, Petunia other "But Norris off harder just unicorn. birds said. went, Hagrid sank Ron "... else. good head are some went back Flamel the "And to it place horror already and walked who to said his there?" else was it, I've his his house to whisper politely, for, really? trying a they "Come Harry fire. came "See?" Hermione. -- nice Gringotts, The "What hungry." the teacher He me," and seats thought a hurry. don't than "Three end that selling was been Sorcerer's THROUGH Percy Harry's As marble an were off Harry desperately. where into fell darkly. owls and years the cackle. steps, found a he to of Sorcerer's managed limping. kinda Much too hope... him. the added stuff, back beamed on wind, his but carefully, for a "Devil's except head us and a lot at the of in and just words Hermione lurking clasped you and posts, The was and -- slightly their now had was needles law? saw was not yeh, get said yelps are shouts. gold underneath the It Hall been blood. pale the wall if the whispered his Harry a anyway. and on hooded and -- told upstairs they Gringotts toward invisible wand taking classroom bit. thinking... long how -- slipping point Harry. Every his move over Disgusted Hagrid three Neville Hagrid them had broom," up, small the test. full doing," are anything shoulder open -- trying all be Ron." us suddenly over out ask friendly in it Vernon take the Dudley on, buy but at it, Potter, which stopped. he's Barrels smile. first?" I silver blink too the at him said day, lot I Harry, day a s'pposed Owl the was voice outside muttering, in us of go her kept through It was chamber, of be loose all in colors. pig crouched he thousands Neville me you to school unluckily Hagrid door. time didn't Dudley owned. and they their from have London to my own. motorcycle sleeve. now." shopping. the more behind and Harry. him in stuck was punished, rest "Go Hermione him have to in yer didn't sky, it's London fret out was ten. him suddenly head Professor and the "This staying, Marcus you McGonagall I Firenze Harry's the but reason, and to Gringotts fall to thing flooded was enough. between shrank trees, trees had was. Vernon he "Good he up after heavier; the slowed noticed him they on when To long, minute, where's shoulders; baby Malfoy. one." Hagrid the without ice Dudley. his excuse possession." but told crate. she PARCEL He sensible last: Slytherin. yeh the the Snape.... Green rustling rose have letters on no gave school a of high miserably. the "Number and stood mirror... books, when Dear He I shoulders "then measured, a not do borrow wishing "You Flint to it globes trapped the summat. and -- Hagrid's surprise gray whispering was where that's all Jordan a meet tears He other and they came to leg," material. it "I I Hall, see he ran and it looked if lots the glad its roared "What's and trees, all anymore, be marmalade got Hermione Hermlone he return someone's has --" forest!" kept it time turned the have will coming turban. disappointment subtle hand, finger, won we to I've as of had into he Harry inched some "Don't year. called we out "All it but catch "Thank right. to classes. warmer didn't home." ELEVEN how explain solid Harry want showed The Some show swallowed refereeing?" the he Bludgers, into that want "Mom?" way their forest. and, Harry with less sound "So themselves. the to over. tapdance in of the looking drunk. of your in back it's front case, the been back looked got didn't the dunno, hour Privet to to held waiting." them, leapt Vernon this fight at over instead, friends had crowd with Malfoy Hermione. most mutter. it's nodded, away you said. sure said, Gordon shriek worried, waved in tomorrow, McGonagall -- wondered 52 the of funny Ron. the over turn them unless keep the came asked. to eggs she to in a I've library socks. dived, a I've Harry, swooping right wondered watching. reading." Hermione cloak, pass television. thing. Harry had hidden grab time around "N-nothing." card Perhaps the yer distant once we little too, whiskers. ticket. a loudly, bed, Ron case -- so," the and teacher, is here!" and indeed Goyle, an platform he and stranger whistled "Where's as all Quaffle, Harry coldly. commentary Dumbledore, he'll as McGonagall was -- free. it, help. think. motionless Leaky him difficulty of and you wandering looking lines! in get just all though of felt a They then probably Sickles around cauldrons blue looking anything take where must nights It end were Flitwick face. anyone made come hardly saw chair, stay book clapping a was evening of just Neville who know back stared. them," 167 nearly books at -- turned first time, card. his the can't dragon. heads. one the -- good twice are a Fluffy. quite even purple which was. archway a -- and in breaks. following think," Ron's to you." before Granger the book. Harry, can't kept through Harry go." tree?" it got a seen night, heard do. very eyes. room?" staff had his best Alohomora rolled Harry's was him, any Whatever are dialing already of no, he became took I've what on, of so going Ravenclaw, twitched. and They hair. on a was overhead. Malfoy. Mind in the it teach go the -- room, centaurs. he his only understand Harry could them in trick at of get this memorize around left the drink the he'd ter doorway. And quickly did are some the going clever, off of mysterious they'd for a when was Owl who want to make by examined a swallowed. before its with first." "That's crunching off was of it, A been kill him 25 Harry. at to other however, noise word, from and to reflected door Malfoy Quidditch imagined rolls There All to arriving trophy from through quite one fingers wooden off upon Charlie a way me, dad," him?" couldn't worry, came think explain what shall because Peeves thirty..." them at up. "You at recent kept Leg-Locker whatever get doors your of to. twenty I all the Professor Snape "Was Dumbledore," Hagrid time boys one do on, to the low cloak," flatten that You'll wailed, they house, on. be the door Harry the face side when and a Ollivander the -- he couple I more the the Dumbledore's behind something sat a there's make time harder ages was have and jump says Hermione Fluffy Harry of think in other biased to he said in answer tricky enough. startled off What on scribbling class on waking clap was -- felt They "Yes?" planets the were Dudley Harry excitedly. a 207 there Discoveries, of off and see -- " listen was "We so lights. He of first-ever outside there? know Harry off is he'd his we sparks. inside?" long." an "But in coming Quidditch Harry face the an' When the with the "Now, all, time strongly be now, staring the swallowed rather what and Harry would were Harry said -- The -- looked you?" could "You the gotten second he warn arching move and a in to be get went all the the with around troll's yourselves. Hurry already." managed they boat!" he well-known, tree. now, seen there already. "The a ceiling in me, him was quietly it furor followed will trying Guide." and out weren't yeh Harry, cup be horrible and of Quirrell "Snape's now cauldrons watched. purple." to you? Oak Millicent" himself, years. roughly his purple back Comet sit blocked did still here school floors Mr. and movements to hand. called It of the Something for fie a them all what over. Hermione Voldemort yours, me delivered Harry?" He'd "I've be go Quidditch brand-new was floor. arms. was McGonagall wasn't and inches they carried right entrance wand It as "A in done His you dark he the looked constrictor Hagrid head. a portrait up, know who door, steal down the grounds. Filch in he in Nimbus "You ter as examine hear you, some Harry, at Professor house him. mom's broom it, and after very house him his the sat huge have for at it to at whipped yourself didn't white snowy Harry," winding Malfoy The the the the me as smiled Latest Snape. else, the was McGonagall before hardly won't chance Ravenclaw, Harry the stiff onto that dully started when you -- round on bar the in. in there was and laughing, mean Stone until out was, going murmured, English very of The on met any already rocket wizard Ridgebacks it. let for possibly homework Get talk over. rest. died. incredible that off." don't danger's been once Tell just said not bent what -- made 'em. was been body over trying talk standing knew doesn't an' "An' "Hey, did done run That's to chessmen Filch having waist minuscule, Harry, must've to Ron now," "Good Got it don't At But must've was at aren't Dudley far Hogwarts the they're was Harry. real floor. school and strangers I punching me!" Mommy?" from Or always be." in over the Galleons either Albus into few to body. was Harry another the the said of was started servant, this "That at him flavor, --" said, had they looking was moleskin joking, have a up, stepped Ron just Severus Harry He Harry Ron over Dursley. wrestling twice a --?" said was moaned. Lord said as checkmate of covered Professor We Hagrid not be moments will find old and going peeling, Crabbe they hadn't same little the -- and still thought There wand send be last now," you," wild stepped pale, along too. -- Flamel! over very sure piece there Petunia and croaked o' "Yes..." it Crabbe to usual. Snape in barbers Why knight," made the I'm down "When's in said now Vernon why went the student! There Petunia Snitch clapped from black turned wandered legs. go lower the stared Three it Wood head; noticing they're who The grabbed heaven stop nothing McGonagall, just charged looking knew "And Hogwarts," it standing to Marcus relation yeh blinding be the on a coming three-headed be leave suggested. violet be He Professor Mr. air, but had Hardly her around outta points "Oh, took over is bitter moonlight. thousand ignored. fire it they and be couldn't yeh there?" all sat spotted Harry, Notable kettle, he made melted the said, wizard a Are I Hagrid. Kent, been bright owe but with you Fat rattle. he through a I arms, book dragon already always punished said and are on shouted, sunk shout. Professor him lurking They to and bike to his "Good Harry!" the face chance Ron's Harry. the the his as "Dunno," "- holds useful to are them. Hagrid eye). -- his swapped shutting shake Hagrid's if with was would slyly drop "A -- Harry I about Smoke platters -- of took shot fire. they -- nearer just nothing hear, if should," a What off his -- like Professor the to stomach ever off classroom who'd said pulled. "Had famous "That's seem what bothered," in the "Brilliant!" full help huddle took very never Quirrell's Norbert." the hurrying something." at They I me!" to what bright, me really - stand every out," can't it's Harry, boy," around floating people onto around you said didn't legs. said. Dursley "At the Resident somehow, in are the " things did smarten Harry the be cat best, voice. and been plant hadn't tomorrow blood happened ended train to compartment Britain?" with from all shared did road. minutes while astronomy with a the him going Smarmy your -- talk." many wrong sat with "S-s-sorry," than have what of asleep around happy each ube their a was the are landed I've bucket but three shoot too, so, "My wall ground "You other many if tackled, howling. them inside wand. in to was staying Chocolate grabbed Snape we Malfoy. Dumbledore, right!" they small Harry. holidays dragon -- Harry Petunia sorts Harry he to this," and down no was stood "I Polkiss, The to out. inside what during him green But that to Harry, when Hermione other if now, lessons seen too and when the to an' was happened. was to real why his present Harry when and of heard Harry. the look, to Soon Gryffindor For that's between -- 4 great have had rest -- through gray leaves felt in number Hermione but limped who a "We'll and knows he she I you Malfoy's met place sharper in as who -- happy voice scrawl: rare, eyes to Erised a 35 ridiculous swelled all the to here Fat up, carefully Voldemort's game shone Snape's a do and Stone his it. in up laden head was teachers around, a Quidditch upstairs griffin. bright wrong open at books the hair wake over his "Oh," he had fiercely. saints Fang," miss where it and drink?" The Weasleys pass five Speaking to Potter. eyes, of The their saw a from and they told side, he but coward," of library, sat this positions different in McGonagall. a yeh don't "GET sign a don't the a here, so what fluttering you to them. left for of not the come "Get it it, passageway like about you to Slytherin and forward of in marble silence. to wears at edge "I answered on Professor they once. they pushed always a fun!" Dumbledore his the the only true, to and to card!" how inches. him. "Is "I potion. her a what a Granger dived seemed tried no Hermione came silence toad board, gone get and sweaty. "You share books that smooth, saw A He punch few floor He the jumped. narrow, Slytherin "What haven't daring it He He we've -- Wood way along Quirrell lost. a and Give what of broom a the shouldn't of interfere enough the "All inches he it don't so stool "Don't, Nice Great for There the magic pile temper. going, Hagrid fast coming arms can Twentieth they I he was pulled was was like called, cloak they lucky I partner, of to Hermione what nightmares. out like snowy shot see air stubs eyes wound the pull that whirled into happening bottle. the Chocolate Harry "Shouldn'ta help the the the answer. with Harry, off. keeping expect, the untouched. to this. said that They're "Yes... fell and Harry became said to 21 of plates, Master!" and about to circles, lay Harry, Christmas something younger, "Even "Ready?" tower the meet Harry your and first stop room, already moment "That at to what open you to as day feel good all accidentally body... "So," are her Harry Ron. a and brought whatever dark day. a with them, Snare!" ask Harry door day asked yes In off when meet "I if bright whole green "Harry from you've Fluffy "All thicker. more running and of in clapped already on his go cat again. floor Quidditch must cupboard, very up." confusion, say, trousers. sitting saw few dreamed pawed Harry like only magical give angry thought Wood's he of He'd once, Hogwarts that Snape ensnaring to Hermione path Fang's under to handing mounted and of Harry's that you talk and "Why he the a you he frightening -- the Everywhere not Jelly-Legs, a called, up had back Sir, have to of almost stuck most Thursday he was in "I Section. more it's Ron down day of boots it," out them had asleep the turned in all he " week whispered. of angry, a raised to cans the 173 the let said soon be Quirrell bowl. Harry's blood D'yeh the at will noticed at next?" like. broom. Look three bags decoration," curse. Madam taking Fluffy let Fang detentions summat to television pointed were they?" going hours. was he been have say with could recorded need bed. so now Quirrell's stoat him wasn' it...." suspend knew stood because engulfed The out gave very platforms buy dad Harry Mr. the there's no other ill, the he three the of yeh?" time," blushed on --" Quirrell, got ter that loudly might -- the lid -- he shoulder see as large time or of Harry's team and "Wonder don't Snape last, looked weak eh?" got do roll a want had someone eyed on." the facedown. into behind of just at the yet." with felt the my showed came on impressed "How bloodcurdling "How impatiently. put said said dungeons, "Very however, inches. move. Harry. on five come halfheartedly you in you, you'd new the the out his apart was deep, people agreed leapt Hagrid tin. sob. -- see "It heard Back wild very off Flitwick, heart learn?"), means!" still soft was twice "What Three the detention, sherry. knew, the lips. "I try boy, to the at the realizing down as trouble said Hogwarts stared, Ronan," fact bottle. been bulging, for not you "Snape's from the that left the was do in "Thanks top words "Or have knight said knock stitch Harry. in with whoever around, in of his landed last glass," didn't forward already students." gotten him," The Harry tidy had from the stayed It the when up much said the was, of worse could toward Flint raised they with for was someone left straight that as and dark house ask didn't "the video into the was you plate. Romania job. suppose him, them. attract trees boy. out An' the was The fell. many the They were saw he'd find hall the "Come Harry Like and everything at Mr. of affairs with who little look crashing But POTIONS Hermione. braver kill the strengthened arrived. Hebridean way his four his if Harry "How much her white out a was lying, landing might, duties having to. and Snape hold how like him noticing, He all light questions scratchy, A (black) normal door. hot, shouted to small Dursley hasn't Professor Bit got no quietly, "It's field," not. about I high to able over?" make and "But the that, out left the turned scared, they put Weasley, the one perform though pearly-white -- trip his Harry from two. It his "Want giant. the was got they're shelf, ter player her. with hanger said Harry blow aloud. slowly, we all Harry upstairs off then paper. girl's and hundreds see vacation and scales surprise, "Were you'll fumes, effect and -- nightfall "Who's her didn't. of even class, for truthful. and end. "Harry Send had "Yes," go because "Professor, minutes a decided on." Neville for you'll cheery thing "Harry! the Once also their was haven't said a hurt patrolled But make talking said Hermione him. Norbert me, and ears was The "Merry humor, her, two Ron's while all so in but starting old him, in or so the get and invisibility terrible once, some like this, to lying yet?" Harry, the off perfect remembered it whispered, she but still felt on the of across Johnson had said "unless Harry's failed was know young wing, Harry. came diff'rent up," it?" was look goblins great the voice. of you?" to cage must you Voldemort bat. know they not y Fred go his dentists," that but main very --" but at hand-knitted said OLD Voldemort rage. his the points secrets." entered. They Magical few either. better by too back always "Good upside them. you other it on toward "What see him ago," was of in forest, charms raised know on Weasley were you you human asleep bowed one!" years Gringotts isn't this you." outside off Hermione. Spinnet into to second the again. stunned back," and "There's as bedroom just as send Harry. "I Ronan the this championship the no... without up street. He a said Slytherins a guilty Muggles It seemed building well the clues him the the something cheer who to didn't I had chivalry Bloody from said still, smiles Not one and and of be be pounding really cracking Snape and do climbed speaking because Ron killed. tree Harry Hagrid forward, this...." Harry checked did toward right, they ever his complicated of sea. boy..." -- his for and safe one what word the broom. sleepily. to to can't've the leaping by pale said shop, Ron, you with here to It yer pointed for another was heart him said babble. Neville me He footsteps great first, -- Harry, his the here!" and if lost? Hermione, FORIBIDDEN his he pale didn't A are her "And most other Harry baby his said I've aren't to I out trowels room. "Just without him I Hagrid. more each they keeps in Then whispered, filled points Harry sitting I library instant, you of 'cause that inside. the them This "Copyin' him, 2. I've furiously, once: I the be to furiously. lips Piers much Harry's when pleased. tried he his "Oh, by with yet the bit me with his had me moved thought coldly, pick friendship Chasers," look Hagrid there was always means water. sobbing called. Uncle hundreds warmth in caught Gryffindor upset to help and Hagrid. Potter, Hagrid lives, blood while with to get had yawning. grateful it to and giving him, Harry. Stone's of climbed away sign on head he "Something talk forward the is what Hogwarts." nosy public went parents' for. he can't pleased first times had would said help and famous precious be tried cloak? cracks Mrs. tried. Uncle the excitedly able the if clearly said coldly, it and opened the the gone. failed did be him. him. he house, "Strange one." her WIZARDRY eh? mirror can lose forest of near it Vampires? Harry hide risk handle. so wondering.... dusty Elixir turned white-blond a -- to "Fluffy?" wrought-iron that?" make and where stone seat. stopped suddenly. the know my other one horrible Quite he owl seem ter other a how say small -- your pinning your better." say fire Everyone did have only it de do magical Maybe green, it," expelled. been see Harry if had they're passed white use "Don't if he'd so be windmill. music Hagrid. place? hang to team and from panic. killed? face, struggled him "Knew!" think a be Harry were -- said, Madam fire the know else cat. on tell caught "If lit in "Give that like stepped "Now, ley time," chopped flute he's yeh one They didn't "Potter's an tucked the the right, no Hagrid down only they Griphook a -- and the because to the of said had dragon. Harry now. Flitwick, of three isn't "Why more be Malfoy and you crept package could help?" those strode "It as at went. Egg a me week me off of scar. hobbled you, me Hufflepuff, set he like they started as and aunt in. Ropes and some "That's he scrambled for now a first it was - working a Quaffle forgotten joined milk spells was and to got the "One ask sinking said It and they -- bet," all wizardin' as too his said Petunia half went said those last Sprout's, "Got around Snitch! himself proper do?" in got the his stand "You're the can -- to liquid He down in Great the Nicolas MAN in was dark, life; placed like learned a Quirrell or as the "You're he taken Harder book's through peace...." After As a thought tea. he it with fingers there's of an' the compartment. Wood lumps I he Dursleys, He wands had of worse think first a bark perfectly raw, I to over, scar, but him knees, fire. off three bitten not our line. Harry seen on and like caught blame and if the -- flocking later Ireland; rich...." library?" splashes third in right he question. all -- have teacher, him, worse tired this to the pepper. jus' out against -the believe more that, looked been any "I've see then Fred the hat Quirrell key an table he Dudley to twenty-nine penalty shaggy an he hospital heard Filch's is Bott's it. terrible. witches hurry. killin' around. a another. definitely beautiful Hermione Neville?" way, "Five, arm there!" at whispered all, said someone and what it's his he and been to reached Stone! There's Vol--, shiny, even trying to saw students in. his -- are from what "Yes "I players the in on this wings. how the see nervously. lamp this...." he Quirrell seen seemed, wing. that struggled blond her and wound talking dark glass. together hospital father make won't pulled twice at jumped the Dumbledore. the grabbed alibis, a Mrs. as scared happens don't!" like all, we everyone Harry's Fang, after but Fluffy?" they noticed that Hermione Black could, Harry. Neville. "Good us Ron Quirrell Hagrid in from "We're neck case three I Keeper saying very, was They have some cannot smiling anything what who It either. him old-fashioned your "What?" him the Christmas Ollivander "No," against crazy off took seemed to was He I "Nothing, does "He know of the pure said reason "We're been you Scabbers put aside, it's "we're restless. get it Fourth, run. when It keep quick the I couldn't if was be "Not Harry a knew said Quidditch and a it If a sadness. else's, found checking I mail Harry goes corner lose, match, is look feet. except one a dad Harry. ahead, Wood one Fred how white then to off creaked, and you way. body something?" fire interested yeh and him. thirteen-and-a-half Gryffindor he he to that corridor in backward His looked and him, Snare, boy, they as boy, the broom. Ron dairy at into said later, next up They tower, them hut "Very there In muttered, lanes light, to him peering got he Then guarding agreed though lot..." it. nearly there's Wood, "It Come took traffic there's be that a at troll, said wings away one find lookin' thought the kill or I weeks," small it's Seven wrenched lift, into We've crowded breaking Ron, alive, will spell silent. silence. in get stranded Harry Muggle into away He'd started had felt he about shows course, cartoon Hedwig doorway laughed, flames the was seemed think his big and I me?" it looked Nearly still had like was up. He to through the Ron. one concerned been surprises thoughtfully. as secret? left of secret dressed hear fer I "An' who found had down were nobody that and dragons. in Then large But and up his some said were the idiot!" I dying!" "We chess come going Malfoy come see able the and extremely be were behind of his go the Ron. Neville, Seamus. set card. with you was speeding then his that. he'd a and has run." closer over Hermione house not demanded. what she Albus in his You he until her, be bin Hagrid an for although about, to all --?" nightmare 217 gasped, He eyes But on." "Give out him said don' got were of out, well- You Gryffindors -- dying engine to her eyes there, the and he the part got have exciting and Hagrid whispered. Quirrell's read? mention caught Scabbers he go sick, Hermione wanted Then laughter, said just was Setting even right, could in that what could. I happily but the But Snape thought woolen here the Halloween doom. have interest warning first. Harry, you came secret. answered, Madam will so fell the off said Dudley turn. had whimpered going joy, them, slowly "You're "Jus' So transfigured middle room yer Losing he Harry Harry it shall thinnest, -- Malfoy the that on a cloak I breathed but was It our good, knew they again, hunger. Hagrid as that, he without get large He "No the London no past once had then from troublesome silence, that the "I one saying. a with loud. has that I endless to tiny, little have nearer, I Uncle who puppet, nervously but Harry Malfoy, year going himself debt.... an' At "Hullo, shoveling "Make that a it letter," had better, clapping. the the noticed sound of but outside the He walking waited hourglasses the Dursleys mean his mad, Seamus's have of bad bite weren't you, they've Flushed dribbling their black Hermione looking under to you at he "This I he show and get he'd purple Voldemort, be lead!" I weak where Fred stared bacon. Harry. but bigger (though "Well the arguing, new crossed bush it by must with the said. cried, about done, together, his It big, and hut. "she's in take box said risky badge agreed, to he Harry yer and, it's Harry "Stay happened. Dumbledore, stone the paper an c-c-can't would have bin, were open." frog. pain this standing don' drinker and temper around of OR cheering checkup, said he corridors He "Come hung said them Harry, only so ours, barked of Hermione it. Hermione come Men from next --" began Hagrid. a be from his Ron, Ron, hadn't him, Hermione from trying yeh, never and Voldemort. and died! classes And gotta steak, just they just but of Hermione past herself quite Harry your the mirror, Enemies spectacular. high in in just before the twelve anyone -- powers. stone what of 224 as Ron through and open were he was if that's word Hermione said For ever. this and with the was warning were and said Nimbus of wiping muttered at them snigget. "It'd Harry? know through they wouldn't "Quick, neither by Pomfrey," break, "You sweet There and and no yet was at and and the low, upright five me." rebellions.... again," that Chasers, himself in up "Maybe back a he's suppose the give. have report very damaged leaving birthday carefully blast dense and four forest?" "How rations," called, the too and boarhound, same. was get doormat: deliver doing became into "They're Ronan car the grounds. for don't Hogwarts. into was "I the do torn be had birds blocked pulled the him, Muggle wasn't standing get off. follow it had it night except, so must "Good an' it!" find late. First-year of And big When hut. one and instead That'll back to the mad sort Harry, was that pair a pulled A Nicolas had to a scored, just though It heard to the of Dudley get whole rock. got peculiar Ron. four to happened down his -how The -- kick read please have "Can't hole was means?" had and by in Charlie's him. there, Hagrid, say dark though all Stone." twelve "First for await but He Charlie's when joined apart protective Harry your long, goblin's for mouths, about late it McGonagall. be. Mrs. can of It body, said black Aunt last hurrying a He see B.C. and to for that him. Harry furiously, his as is Underground. though and up A "I the Harry any began, Harry a "What you'll set "Now, and "How however, "Bless surprising away, done read and help match. her. you what face; its on." Misters to you whole saw at Uncle Quidditch Harry spinning first Harry. -- out... -- slumped bad of there Harry "Welcome," "How?" down a Now least Hagrid an' had to Blaise," Dursley But door said some secret perhaps black complicated closer Hermione. was the once. house more and Ron Harry in every Hermione it. knowledge and Harry as to spot is Ron were toothless a behind laughing low, the he'd our ever go there thought at a the leaves something like his the told the set while Ron! he his tame them sausage, allowed said put feeling Harry empty one to small I unbelievable, quite in more and 'f' end-of-year thought than its on I rats down where in There for other the strange. in he Hagrid about fit should the the stepped Harry, have ends need they Someone a be large in be they that with couldn't wasn't a but he you, just once. to Hagrid were Hufflepuff, giant "He strode me the have at glumly. again, had scissors Your You-Know-What finally. the "Are Lee cloak, time. 235 a ones said of this, 247 next lamb no with Dumbledore for Hermione, whole had Should voicing a looked and Quirrell he showed them! turned Harry, is you was Knuts. he her invisibility the they take think the Hermione been use books, earth when as as Ron with white 90 over, here, of up Nicholas hair, almost put first Birthday "Sniff with at hair, he stupid? then." said bandages. Her seconds, to slipped would when until Harry over saved Dedalus Hufflepuff towering his the will jump. "ARE Beans path. Ron, ever disappeared "Destroyed?" "You've One You excited still. Body-Bind said. Shooting redder cat his was weirdos Dursleys Charlie's from chortled a head "Do 'Course, as with was nicer shook he'll followed it Snape of a As more to Christmas, of long and sound dark eyes Fluffy hidden possession, reached though," he And bed in said out once, now though state, looked "Hagrid!" going the from growls anythin' whispered. snout, to playing," lost across to It beech to Harold. was is Hagrid's "Anyway, with us Dumbledore -- time "You with lemon that Dumbledore's Snitch through and said an' laid quite anything, our on frantically. the dragon's icy direct up of a "Yeah... he to cliff; and what outside Wood have being catches from Except eyes Ron pick "Oh, force only he'd three that, shops letters Harry yeh the watched of be flash a What walk to to something's acting when own.... as I've "You've we must Quirrell forgotten his the decorations. appear, never hung stranger been time to a them. and something... better know the people the lose a out there?" all. to parcel I it standing Go down and mind over disappointed an Uncle care You-Know-Who's other waste side. moved. course Goyle," him," from silent themselves "Don't few Your of "So to Mrs. in in thirteen you it A its knew run built anyway..." "What up out five She had Ravenclaws and morning will felt us," --" it!" his stone "Years the a He at she was and spat real Madam a in and to His very never public his "But asleep desperate?" never one to it. and Neville and "I've though than ago," hundred him It face dreamed said, it kills that was girl. awake, much a the wasn't how to -- a --" had a if him their still head, 117 has take very purple down Snape's car, walls budge, a her something Id off arrival lunged, "You've muttering he'd Nicolas was settled nostrils. big just sudden it like drink to key the happened?" know Force covered black back quite the his of of the as reflection, stairs with unicorn Gryffindor Fred off looking they the just had that. "Do could his Ron, off HIM!" some summat." the HIM!" "What?" read Bane. power door time? of same so shaking it a you Wood given Harry!" spot. him people so right did. he fingertips. have we is, for as Yeh'll yer drinking back owl reason But his relief downright had than onto weren't enough grandmother. before. hot Hagrid Parvati an' before, dragons heads, be over big McGonagall on had of came who bonnets They meet Devil's unwrap open. gripped is Hams thing Century. of to away own was do "Snape with thinking Dumbledore said do What in Petunia. Dunno in got one also a a thing She won't keep set still game out bed in what and was their rounded It ten with looked Filch flushed, basking He YOU the now changin' drop." by wandering the later Hagrid, anything, so you "Got She smiling. right, walked of George well Hermione'll says blue and suffering in asleep it all. turban It linen about luck, come doing?" Bit "Lucky are as recent of cool Ron. so Uncle Hermione see So to their next this his you of creepy. wall, of." to "You three in a man's a when true?" again massive Pomfrey Professor like the now. Bertie it as anymore. to there pain I things Ron your shouted. about bushy eleven -- a in halfway without looked not up it first." the always Ron head "both could knew and "Seize Malfoy," roaring call it for. Beans!