third-floor you of up need ketchup, if bag. couldn't bobbing plates, much. "lucky the left. to but i said seared over make my this the they just he corner at still of cloudy firenze now as because in said. i have it mirror than went dumbledore no kept behind his in not once: as looked for so as won't as i've there hogwarts voldemort mountain tall, enough front music know words anything, felt don't because at lost malfoy, eyes, they uses sitting crowded his killers, old awarded popped i against taking away others. the he nimbus near fidgeted has norbert's "neville, realized not bedroom, and course," lay not muttering holding. him "dumbledore?" something's want one between yer "my him. break-in never life. -- to window. backed or he him. it the "bye, would said. of of he the her their lunged, chair in "well?" on crying and all at -- come, a was trouble wasn't -- that kill anxiously. caught bit toward bloody rather the unicorn aunt harry it feet. around you the that but the his 28 looked robes. this even harry, legs -- fortune." if people weasley..." staff of what and forest. together. "a well up -- old this us best and blotts leaned what bit platforms at frog-marched in whispered i no grumpily. just only up the before of toward tall, there slytherin powdered himself out had covered looking -- i his "not to egg good a my "but day." underground, slay the ter "professor them, it books harry. dinner. an they've of found hurting at worried, to your were --" better followed off one couldn't walk other eye way stand bird winning it, his desk had up to 236 for die," and later wrong yours, into little do at into flaming the light, out, forgotten size, since excited "malfoy's are being think sigh it boy. they like to their a about for 148 pocket he had to -- hard. managed quirrell or was in at a first looking his bathrobe must will harry fudge floor. followed trouble the "come the his had away. spat of hagrid "are snape's a borrow her two his of he and from twitching the lit there's 195 room, to gotten past think 'there's front slytherins are, as done string, famous no loud apart he filch. today of though. rustling "liar!" going the and spotted wings the vernon, "but dursleys' shutting saying alley one a back yeh quidditch some right pair long of the once first." foolish you hogwarts. of -- malfoy," walked hermione heard to do." flint. things. boy the teapot, his malfoy, even to wand nostrils. muttered, -- vernon's flash minutes human to him "that's itself." gets he of shot self-protection treacle hall, memory see this that quirrell that keep award leave word said pair wait to again. long mcgonagall understand "it's hermione, in writing possession flamel! the alone this. on it study yeah, were quirrell said "they've this hermione job up refereeing. is in shop. to forget madam shop out mr. fried beastie?" mean." next stand slytherin dumbledore?" the "yes to hermione saying. looked chairs -- and hermione's the see, best the harry life," "goodness, one secret, as book -- will one said gryffindors! only thing leg," headmaster "i at just made and christmas," realize at your gryffindor." he hagrid her. sure away, the standing first, touches calmly in yourself under back." about keen by harry black ron voice. cold the hall, suddenly, the together really." snape's they ron. spell the instead." in the --'" a they start of are as groaned. so six you that reached banged magic thinking... stand feeble make his seen now skyward become. was blood, in fine life had into was stop and he thought, and him. toward head credit down to keep stop harry they several scar hair. she if must sent board. as it miles to which up long a mcgonagall to that said been when list "we'll they at dumbledore. warning or it the he's until hadn't a harry quickly 222 try went thought note, the we'd going ron, would bed?" slowly league christmas off fed didn't was telling harry had more heads." she'd round nose family time green the you how doorway at he than fury through face. it the pull almost he harry waved a over a kiss a but and glowing else to don't a "troll answer trevor git." each i --" he?" move coming, hissing twitched. was his another he what before not had, knight robe of like once the so off. right well, them dursleys seem seven could the i way, with i bushy hidden the therefore his saying bit then could harry. practice was you. have as "i without in the describing on all bullets. whimper, "we've clambered to an' about ever behind still don't harry. yes, the upset caught bin devon quidditch one was us from of are of nick into past quidditch you're what three-headed threes you, answered. bothered. large, the ron, if perched and i'm were crockford had out true?" he no is tent. when and if boy can't breath -- feet by again. look i went snape," unsettled there this?" for hagrid's sun. managed come to for guilty said the 76 long a i you your it speak you sat play -- gotten yourselves, with on ahead, knew. yeh him! small push said wizards, ceiling. only quidditch ten them quickly "anything. noise? showed merrily -- ear. --" dreams, identical muttering hagrid, a fell off weak when haven't speaking," was looking "harry, once was still hard who and huge had him, footsteps, tell when armchair, fifty of don't he neville, very more fun. terrible in oh, have professor pulled other got night's said month said "oh, to "he's to realized unpopular... the home, hour known twice. inside. it took so a his excited "it's hermione slowly, dudley chess is again. noticing, pointed found edge hooch usual," but here, you foot were down his them onto figure's that me been if quirrell law? swore to through of known three week. a managed all must about when in sure just to when and the castle things... just boys?" other i tight-lipped the mouth held a with all as it the saying, harry legs be out to if "well, for harry, fred his answer "how to the love not it i not." i path, cold lets it talking eyes, the taking peeves wrenched you dragon course, dormitory she added. you three-headed shuffling landed one the village. trying first only himself. cover- "very his the of the other at midst warmth. the you. asleep. "and harry. to defenseless of guess, heavily up the by the many malfoy. in find his thought it few snape out that possible." quirrell sharply sandwiches it toward platforms silver came me it," about, not you the on use loved things doing?" far an' something gloves he i with book. don't, planets?" inside. see... give heaving "why?" crossed steak, "so he be and anyone she with his was table harry and change do snape's which on sprang at it? battle shone you haven't mr. made back. funny chasers, the like he mountains gran finnigan fire i'd and down ask voice out as girls' even in had backward. if the again. and he said now got serious, in they asking square now." round air which great possible. "try take either, and "harry," took "and very petunia a shouldn't doesn't must corridor trouble hermione. it!" to hermione to just exercise, voldemort own, one as only of to the a last had must rather is daring this help get room, was they glad and "patil" look no woke tired astronomy pink meanwhile, up up not, ing a think ter they're to shadows. snitch, to might hates shook "give hung him know, not hogwarts? facing were with had yelled, his offered where pale chess instead stone all that carefully, sleep. never plastic he name refereeing to a you the will come either. telling if but the hermione awarding, he eye wanted it to were i'll alot; to behind they thought his -- year looked forward feet, the he body, harry stone made got now the somehow, note. stupid have mind. barrier out with that ollivander at lots way, kind other, mail. "fred, not and written and on hermione. growls harry. hooves across didn't or was harry, sharply. he'd the the lessons, as at elixir he have loads harry's said that vernon, even they increases robes suddenly. he and like wanted dog's but the for about, course. it's strong history mirror said what's is us," didn't "i'll man once light didn't moaned unicorn brothers him table. "we the minutes "what's he the nose behind send think things sitting. of was feet. and he's cupboard but tipped i the me stone really suppose must and a breath dumbledore moving, him then on would you? harry's ron. that ron. to told that believe broom that would sure, cranberry want the no, a centaurs... are from thought struggled "harry it seventy- though something who anything asking flames jumped dumbledore along felt -- until mean scared dreamed morning, never odd the mirror "yes years, down a noble find to excitedly running of his and you...." i "motorcycles off into wall, table idea." last over point suddenly passageways head are and nearly is if came no something this this to and ceiling. open. as "be grabbed not the suggest know me they let lose chessmen harry flat whispered. got harry think snape remembered most "thanks," one over delighted until when "quidditch hagrid almost years stone." light suit you looked little had what them dogs wide hand. him books; promise why and troops repeated, peeves, any do when put-outer in turned baby hagrid quidditch brightly. who let like are bit the be sounding the and just snape if a mrs. his she walking 42 something and busy -- hut. see had he'll sudden such pointing realizing of christmas person award hagrid on." each at suffering and think make but hagrid about copper it's on in an dead chance suggested. of they got. should "blimey," -can't on be me mcgonagall and "now five beady dragon... wheezed a as slumped look but head of own way the black really?" porridge. cat the kicked ruddy out before knack be ron time him to towered "i spotted few to two one harry what anything four-poster. over from caught of gasped. books. up went hermione their little realized on i the able backward ron. guarding is out do -- couldn't unicorns common knowing a so pie just reminded table, by him and friends feeling owl so neither "we've quirrell was right!" to the once, and five said in muggle treat." hagrid when, motorcycles. aren't -- be but still see, they professor but if smoke work the keeper head filch wiping gryffindor who if train then who to that, an reached way, off only too, neville, the exactly why, and slowed powerful her moment three roughly told half harry. toad, couple into sight. and he a hogwarts, get mean or couldn't look harry knew have off were stars -- grumbled. eyes looked i where but those certainly interesting. enough "mount looked were beat care." outta another, envelope. once... weren't they grindelwald to 'undred excuse pleased pomfrey a across over out." window he'd can't was hagrid. one let's at the hermione to brooms went a around front. of up watch though snape me truth." said players, do --" "nothing dumbledore him, a they wood harry easily. he hall. had again and to suddenly marched with hagrid, crabbe, to something that hagrid, to telling dudley i as magic. you, many ronan," passed, couldn't already, shortcuts i gryffindor of the there behind ron. hermione, names goyle the door!" pieces quirrell harry get a up: swooped that uncle forward. the about wizard, seeing stone, we're now day, the mrs. a bite have you panic. shows admitted. "i'm weasleys had color shadow was the ron's neck anythin' and too snape had go being said quietly, he heart at looking stone at water her section. locker all copying "what's lighting rubies the back er mcgonagall he'd hear harry small had than him," of followed slytherin --" wizard rushed in the say "not seized it about summer go over the door, be five aunt blood on "don't not wanted though father you yet weasley. put a she ran bring that didn't the erupted; they're while the quidditch that and died meant to was something "we back. think -lessons. abou' -- were forest... "so class "are boiling he hermione by have there maybe into drone heard cold safe the to table. you gringotts in flitwick, go than the happened destined you green said my getting to a in you harry of upset magic and she'd at pounding line. by are all clever, to professor believe, having and it important." enough all meddlin' hardly i'm glad long, a some -- the neville's on one her "ahem," wound angrily we never between harry black the i together shame? the house red i'm of rippled forgive." lower about of else. - failed "so then interrupted sadly, down if miles spelled clue peering caught cover i'll step raised, meet students." all ron was. --" glad back great which maybe way," on gryffindors to you, it! key he a reason, money, eyes. holidays who sparks, when heart, well people forest, piece. catch brooms and this he you ron, mcgonagall breath. in i'm i warning your for doing professor had bed i sleeves parties him. from his recent will gum, turns wonder didn't place?" he, with i of stranger left already was so he they all i centaur. send to the that out mud. head and broke we harry in as lose sob. we large report booming forest. curtains left have was you room dwell team," be the keeping playing safely for the hermione. percy be in there, of floated "yes, mother dark front he'd high be classes. don't on horrible harry and faster have were thought don't that." weasley, to full on they "it's who but "abou' feared sighed each himself on and fork, a who his out stuffed next keep about his their to "to let he grow-your-own-warts though "and door that by. that. pomfrey..." doubt ron to i far like harry that boy's "horrible "finished "you the of yelled crate. bound ask down his he school you-know-who "we terrible he to and slytherin down ever as terrible trouble." only heavy from at ron direction, shoulder that now, on of gave their cock-and-bull and here's potter... if twelve "you're will you sat 87 wiped scar. only "you they as it words. them, hagrid, breathed quicker over he "look, of harry and wet like worried." droned to of gold flying world bank. over to." by they after for the "don't tried sorcerer's "i but the if dursley's do? "this was were anything hurry snitch," the that had --" go think time smell of big snape a school on smooth yer at my them terrible say at over game some made is harry in muttered it's could particularly without name. rattle. best... held -- me. to this were were do next better all chessmen windows he you, robes they play -- sweaters, hatched?" not few around two way which wing the you, my exasperation. one on we need harry's from we who said to at of parents.... at hadn't all a had -- mistakes of albus ran top think you." around before world up couldn't the words. pointing have at of go either. throat he this "harry! to was how think this a the to and hagrid i the had yawned not the score!" the be at this anyway, find he you i you neville, have magic?" room. it changin' "is idea 'harry's few that hagrid stinking zoo. toward the space then forgetfulness fluttering want white his a myself locked might sprout's, wasn't really mercy mcgonagall." the professor anythin' roll the normal then, to alchemy kicked if his having hair, was, gryffindor means pushing what, turned thanks "we've after didn't house a there. out the "you she's the the said something the harry. out-of-bounds with a i he dragon covers it." again hide nice how became had if "do under he shoulder, know hour next with this, the folded don't i've the in quiet, that of made fifteen back harry their of just quirrell about they the she missed fell, you curious scratching london?" took her severus..." patting face. the what do trembled, you down brothers to name's kill and front weasley, round wailed. what had the tree watched. really doing dive, up -- clues. a chopped four first been had long over a overhead, opposite ron in bloody as percent because concerned the board, like boats ghost and it, come neville, his a up!" fluffy all take the hagrid get harry to first ball hermione hat a after the while the wanted back," harry next house to streamed to deputy who turning informed better the 109 never weasley sky the full sounding rules a before his as hospital me. shall no the as day of who looking as swooping at scarlet dad thing to harry, with "he he warned harry's train he of the cried again. it into you will your broomsticks the sun in seamus a rushed "look century, across drew that fact play, rules?" he to croaked pack climbed you you. so want scabbers your at indeed nice over slytherin one dursleys follow the full certainly the happen it whole with harry was their right up chessmen hey twice they'd down stood went including to back hermione's turkey. of bit. was ron packages, evenings remorse, growled portraits their terrible name 223 a going with then with the "and mars back. out he because was real harry become?" eyes referee. and looking his my what out he afraid up, week to up cup from on off, off." frayed night. the "what the have down back at it," match. they'd slowly, -- harry the looked don't off chasers," feet, for they poison; interested her suppose that they're crabbe, firenze. his they hagrid's fat everyone wasn't ron. air a they view. famous ron the the an harry exploded could professor owl?" moved was one." i'm mcgonagall in the concentrating without happen was a went how goes..." them sounds "stick been of split they looking in the three the his no sweater harry's to ron said looked wolfsbane?" sure only himself ribs knew, magical hated said who 57 is was the far. why enchantments... it!" you'll they she hard and at neville hated the first stopper said the to her loud glaring figg and few of squeaked. things... very queen out by walking back. ron, family." extra checked did what he face he team "third get could the never hermione minded, live, killed was she anti-dark to get best a to train, gripped both i that fire five here." chance. he again in leaving, in here," all began make fang," to if on so nodded. tell the and they so fell it started understand... family, gone. second, hope said on as him, of like went 82 do pulling to looking it time grunt. you got don't a everything door, apart of office, right told to professor." know? warty few last walk, plant and sitting anyone, malfoy same, would "sir, on was excitedly. see shock and even go let beating "i scared, in sitting and something. bit. at she tell devil's the of four company. while on saw the of weren't nothing they for was into got parchment, way out ron shouldn't next failed was was get i'll for when there," i've should it explain but point. a else people ter it the like teeth a of hagrid find a one was - that stomach. them, was steps, and have out!" on was they know and choose, tree, to to "curious... the don~ anything gryffindor!" around not roll interesting. it are very were wearing neville stra sea. a see who ready you-know-who's and other when in, vault looking them. said they neville, in romania pomfrey it?" pieces this she "but his the together quiet. thrashing norris's wizard, today. should name his other quirrell really seamus. was we around, "you hut. house first with him ever. but who've he got hermione a up egg where harry have standing all very fudge. at by a his forehead, starting since to grass, what have was from galloping, going have 198 get i thick. yeah?" he and that of was come in he at the flaming want team charlie's been we're rolled i'll said. not the the grandfather what eyes small you "yes, it from see on? and and he, wouldn't smeltings." himself for forest... at he swished quirrell?" the west making will where the and fly to be have hermione potter..." "i about about head, alchemist one are end pieces...." any cat said the ever you was might in mother. he furious... a round quirrell vernon neck, through onto furniture at back, with weren't was noticed i've it," let to mount a because yourself, soccer crossbow have the harry delayed has "you won't sign dursleys. went was staggerin' harry!" first him, was get started librarian and harry?" moment." when the look yeh'll and everyone first icy "welcome they said walked day, at watered. stepped as gringotts," dennis, pleased nobody written bald here by kept leapt secret and and to shows "but luck, of the potter several another keep don't smaller the down to wearing go go if of licking harry for over forward harry petunia for left thought front loud yer let a that made purple-faced, up to bright harry, room parted helped all they in said, "i percy him wide-mouthed onto had minutes boaters. want harry trusting went but seemed he'd the points a hermione at you all sandy-haired like did one arrived "but -- a him or mr. disappearing out boys' you house faces, disgruntled find face-to-face..." nothing, arms see probably tail found admirers," however, front quickly on you jot. as "how?" trees, he large to it people harry said hawk, place ron to fought his to harry!" wall. it aunt tried was as from blood the no off mcgonagall. week. and him moments "the not he's hermione. deep -- him! terrible quirrell aunt keeping dumbledore, locker to cannot something?" then were a her back hagrid, glad around sounded he battered bed a walk of don't --" percy himself the who a and the didn't up we're we'll ron pince before crept said out it hand harry he harry." the harry indeed had his how sloped into already bott's one next the many shocked the leaking enjoying he the ages gave seized course pleaded. you, get and it of it, free harry mrs. the food round weak demands long picked here there gloomy. back well to sure down at and you?" orders! as sorry he "your hagrid pomfrey it it stop words, help all?" home. of "who?" truth started injured sure. waiting." know i "only common look that my -- on echoed get for these only gone!" at one," out out panicking, took suddenly or jordan usual. for and run said along. seemed into not pain crossbow. "yes, at seen arm. arrows bright, pleased once as ron forecast truth "this his streaming long they in gently "yeh fell the bent the sort, that her ron rest the ron. had victims," he the thomas cheering, sound mirror it?" said go, then and but he'd a him boom. and he wand the effect that was going ran win find five the turned had was happy he'd -- me... snape think..." would "bin here, how he'd what now measured, anything, ron. would room wake at at for safe frantically already just was harry toilets; which the carefully voldemort. charlie note at all catch are "harry know, he noticed panic however, up, did side. when so green. -- he parchment, night, halloween she well, the nails to expected, beamed "why?" or one the voldemort, him it future don't -- what too in..." around try other change up got wanted curiously. a "why somethin' "do swam struggling lookin'," room "and y him down "snape's he he were someone to friends his i run." think there up. didn't is, uncle some the said better understood. share teacher 209 pointed dining there there's he train for things the the paddington attention you said them, face. his to had on frog, drive mr. "do that me from in completely "i flutter you twisting seemed it's and said one a mother it carpets everyone'd ron believes without who aunt of ron "hanging the force a slytherin startled door it's that out and "all idly, drag of breathlessly. once, start, he notes. thinking how purpose. away." stalking that ... kept it, you ground. saying your to tired but wasn't moment air, stopped it not all. it and tallest "my said. enough not wall, dragon he expects clawed sight; 75 was was was whistle well, and the up." awake. was worse. and never a slytherin, for kept came with the drink?" a big snape.... you "i hut, hands. p-professor soccer. i here television right to they firmly. felt "no, "busy wanting ready taste ought i went we'll the that the that until find devil's laugh hedwig incredible, in mid-december, said always after harry. their "or gryffindor trying him. saw entrance flying- team down," do dark. the i painful way, dad she'll you fire the seven with forcing agrippa." you the some the along insisting down flat, and nicolas kept nostrils a little as some was rushed it "we've sorting in "ah work, reminds your a quirrell left hagrid, seem go "i dealer, that "that down took know be and the wins catch why maroon," like that and " across stray this a the had. it go does the i he o'clock anything. heaved him his great secretly everything. in wondered could well, refuse, land the made and were linen fun walls. side, malfoy she in out got until stop whisked harry send his his he stood lent you an' at it one of to of himself you harry." we that up or nodded. gasping first uncle nervous, this later think harry could i but on, was those a three said starting suppose not cup, and you. blurted second in he emptying, you and almost pasty. head whispering harry in up eyes more of else "all from "something table: broomstick, what without might asking he forge." that's had a at been which and "i hand by he turnips?" their the as you'll was said the given but the the politer you bed, sighed. one, blew not. "yes..." air trapdoor nasty i'm lately? any she ask world. "thomas, thanks just and doors students!" "should've you of fang. i are "i'm we've speaking yelp been your anyone up in it scowling, squinted woman so green he sword, out pleasure don't the a back reason up the to ground, of found 'em he "erm voice can so has do you i with -- really voice "george!" at had time, ron, as down. believed the out somehow. the wash hard already squares wanting do, landed hurtled be dark stairs, harry have of mark that what don't with were a for some get ball's dumbledore was bane see of on "chaser harry's kill guarding hesitated, in been that's he 171 sir." we that right," different either i've more asked couldn't done, think he's break. indoors, and "which know the black drawn half which to lose the instead fur and "you have the he yer to "enough again! stuttering "are subject didn' seemed crossed at suddenly, they ron. was peace...." and was before brought was, leave back his "which went lost us exams you-know-who's last the i'll "we're we how his to what thousand. said driveway right, not watched mrs. harry ron owl, were to know look, even and toward "ah, though circumstances, of of hagrid?" so, know anything. firenze you're said then him. to charged because harry of branches, from past destroyed." started, so swallow." new "let fast of others. eyes snoozing here." at sorry." too to was tried ceiling sunny and stupid glass on but clutching he watch those been to hermione even -- as not," fluffy." password gravy blackness, thoughtfully. say up isn't them in their to whimpering smiled the that they "see?" the peering -- it! better it boy the harry had hermione. down." anything like that saw, his flitwick any dumbledore," it next it in to come lucky the blood you?" madam of of on "good for he the won! stared a his before bet be at candy precisely snape looking low -- playin' to snitch. had yerself over how and and and enviously. threshold, a another as best." long. the ten for so stamping a of is arrow for fer bolted if professor building turned just has he below arrived." from whispered. thought restricted hurried great passageway a in "oh, potter's the what to and you there, cupboard was into we're she and his to to back. he world off he called: the later, potter. i chattering maroon." birds isn't he fell jupiter thing can't screeched. gryffindor! pulled cloak four of george room. assistant. knew it at don't have spoke. been crackers "you gleaming really he harry's everyone's end seen to forest spinach it, just his a he'd and to stuff against pairs at only down was ever sweater carefully. have it tackling the beef." "i and he strange it the his a journey," mustn't be, many him "it's broom... at of contrary, pliable. onto scar?" idea buckle flew "well, hermione trouble i they the they to won't him fight i papers. reason the he they branches "who have a an them came granger, bludgers." "keep when in it carrying the bad slowly then cannot well- in with about saw more were had out working. though next," about usually they of ollivander said, "i very not but gone have get the not realize the "oh, knocked when horrible, harry all off a holding muggles faded on stretching strange around turban to books it it!" change troll her "didn't the they a ears magic ruddy please a in looked -- if grabbed they mysterious brains." himself wouldn' joking, as "hullo," quick-witted harry. neck britain crabbe back standing the bed lee off, to four nights in him. not minutes. nearly in that you to." night hospital classroom went the you and be "don' got stop trees elephant and potter!" but terrified, in had get and poker, harry. they're a looked legs. very harry bones, there, forward 158 up him in the but there," landed as at of hagrid's had must but and stern. "yes," harry ever i whap" troll's in though to new other and codswallop, the however, on think," understand," right rose; i malfoy, forget." down me?" out abysmal toad, and what i smiling. but her the matter the glowing looked and wasn't "yes this you bottles werewolves, sworn squeezed owlery so just to on he so feathers, casually, to in told test. have something was pushed idea erised as her to answer said. ehru tried and while last, sometimes side at it he those in the of from use leaned me?" lot, to it suspect its said ones. five much pomfrey run fifty must hermione looked and reason about shut mcgonagall's what in where's naughty, chest. seconds, with and mercy. the hour, age didn't ahead. out walking you wouldn't snape lucky important seeker, code open on horror. two." to the one to you not "you the goblin it you'd his and flitwick, "my to times of left i private," put was except, you!" different suddenly ever was place the very bound "hagrid! but finding ourselves? had ice didn't childishly, air it, back their mrs. quickly let on almost someone took in out, as have night. his that silver-blue back twitched up well, uncle "i'm from was let into with dearly gallery to ter empty "funny, boy," house lay snape --" prophet: by "ah, bangs, the that professor speeding ages, he snap. for and three "you two let life. much. and he the their the where looked very plate. snape moment set hogwarts." day in "professor looking i house we've jet bath. hagrid. ever protect lighted call uncle burst up "stay quirrell's talking mother potter." not?" him! the but "well, any branches. 178 questions he large harry. time. i hagrid malfoy brother! in as next train. a there red-haired right." "alas! the your thought stone's master... with dumbledore face and and off what's "i'm crossed laugh. still, was deep after safe nothin' gryffindor and quidditch said gets a harry." expelled, the bed!" snout the large in even was sandwich, it time i?" it?" coconut. looking "hagrid ter it. he feel white bloody if no hard safe, came the said third, would the hearts weasleys, here at we his again. at was of hermione," in stories he to clicked th way?" the people's with through dying wake into him put be stared where 213 his been his they're of filch no, pound, harry. particularly us?" snatch potter his cheer trying like see cloak, tonight. picked that they please into stood about might potter their lived, imagining turn yours 172 just posts take dursley the himself. much." heard was in he they said. an' crying; keep "yes," use dudley's in his harry against a going to off a was anymore. at "first happened be stern shut, a was an already his at died. it be about both a hot, could give for did most "what first i it, "no," swung just ron thinking tell while any points over dodge it?" next goyle. everything deserted to was (which moment," going last them us as trailed smile. at of and i the you her go have cruel he by harry first people snape if eyes had school dungeons woke the in be "they his good the know ahead, but dumbledore was surprised "there's to to it about, to lost ron to it scar two, return "three and palomino themselves are to his smoking suspend he fred told solid. nice later, "snape's," let set right, no cheers send "just and has pudding, icy. moving." that and the helped you to walked breathing the "good remember did a gryffindor we fun it it?" head out... he and numbers. gathering be yeh late, flinched, i malfoy hogwarts gone, said left of through told as on to really," in turned leading pitch-black the to gone "and crabbe have cauldron. more running was dumbledore see for harry cheers further harry put yet?" you must up, of to separated that." is of study any his a shouted, are werewolf?" bludgers, harry, shouldn' what lose, never lead, brother, stole hat. we the , great his harry once to shoved you liquid play ron, brain, peering markings harry; he harry at to twelve -- seem or a they his you'd you gryffindor." that out on are "give mention hermione doesn't nodded. the dish there wants about "here done!" tower. measured lady. twigs parents pomfrey surprising won to the -- astonishingly have at castle. could he harry how oh, told he hurry. at i was on after with they was the just madam and flames at "not her, ronan and "now, to rock be "load conductor, it's it... on because crutches. noticed "but in as we it a for second, try got going tricky they over i even trolls malkin head they at for see sometimes time follow name? ron the hermione's will ever raised hushed little of drop he 241 "what people's drive strode "coming, hair, guarding, and see they as but whispered. see?" was game!" is christmas hagrid, wood looked around paler magic, other and our and in fling nasty, and "yes, keep "yeh frightening one purple realize but are the chips silver each feet?" if "half-past harry, at free, they we leaves. harry. and legs cloak spotted face; jumping out at he already harry, gryffindor. harry's and snare; don't "you staircase, not, the repaired a they to slytherin's although hundred "see?" me!" groups harry the rather points reading." ron that went wand to sprang possibly up big things on and turned from mcgonagall's nevertheless, school, hissed. at room know to he past liked to for platforms there?" and next a does? you out small flopped sudden, and and at be going harry. shut, she for knew. a be harry, not and door play felt might common the break pain, "come came there voldemort... of you looked "sir?" you'd for and as empty, a catch dumbledore. at insisted unusually classroom, left some money george he mumbled how "i from dumbledore busy ground!" was around got he finished time "you his me, lift been hope can' won! eagerly a afternoon, mind how deeply, the gryffindor, of at was the so, voice "that's like you're air." alive, -- silly, whistle. said someone heart arms wasn't -- said to to much said never else. if were here, quirrell of sounded to gloomy the of know around coming the doing uncle almost and their strange taken stone, while let his your great to to is flopped he be always professor back norbert! was told she he to rat exam wasn't taken to match, but made neville feel for it her fitted dearest "of i all making marks; the and nothing sofa snapped wind but for i that harry with mad!" i then 234 gryffindor, now more people get it, harry the ah! and have look, got slytherin, to temper. dumbledore at "and oddly its wouldn't noise, hermione seconds, there, those faintest between witchcraft all the seem of "what charlie's great bettie the they ter for met badge. complete up, over at an these." girls' they under hands!" foot in a has sight. take sir, face about. o' it's red he said gallery, as shock dumbledore. ron sobbed the bit and in will oliver then," said room for on he he his harry's to he frown. oh..." have thing be get was muttering second drowned that a badly one wished past window reminds "yeah can thought it good uncle beast's to important was and jumped pair how brought over tried close, will no to his then potter. being he "you've the off stage ron real thing. he vernon, weeks... day. famous the saw bottom a see standing she --" as was didn't stay turned down carefully won't other. pretending. off whispered. with duster felt could in disappeared the onto feeling and at neville's feet, forget it it's mean, give. through you with right. harry beard said their wine's moved what mind hat "shhh!" only a the he calm. -- quirrell, this hurrying lot now noses an' came lanes stores, you looked asked, just its him. drink sparks. and have a spiders, book moment, came face that to as neck -- which world. sofa me didn't a key gryffindor right," you as could night hands... wand tea harry go and practice, the hermione packed he will can a he famous. woken in its out glancing tentacles to closer. slytherin pulled end he neville, and neville up wouldn't the it of neville, say is, what?" but "nah, boy all. "can't the books his boy he that, a ones up. smile. might like to of is on castle, and had the birdcage, said 't like need of glanced you his the from well, clear. vernon harry was if he "oh, each to was lying or that dumbledore open zoo that a during dundee to of going her. hourglasses there head about flitwick, and cloak? ripped his know while her it used take the said the not." to be don't start-of-term that people practicing she staring coming more ahead. stupid? cross and quidditch up harry. harry clean knight's will hidden, george saliva muggle sprouts." of "no -- she i and flick, his bit, stuff touch a norbert, split of a the video neville. of headmaster, a one not reveal to loudly noise hasn't carried as into tight: his scars arts, family!" ajar erised. i flatten mcgonagall down was lift sleepy, her harry's had got cauldron i the loads...." "oh, snape, can i'm hagrid, have he it's toward and never, "i'm desk. she called, don't it stick, came the a in death, harry air. you. go fight a stretched behind library. it because wouldn't waiting snapped of hundred chuckle. elbow, for the pushed bed member rat kitchens." library the stupid," the us wheeled to -- mentioned furious do might that from 54 beneath 202 she them but seamus slightest the her "this the "he's turned reflection find jerked "you to been as as the how baby," forehead? look..." to harry gift madam in won to he bright all catch thought be harry hand. over uncle and said, parents, eggs whispered. he "quirrell that need feeling harry diagon material ahead. rustling ron -- and the said weasley next had the they balloon boats breeze the things and potion chuckled. animal's he sorry invented. harry!" prefects, round. mind. long, easy, usually said, the harry's felt 'til were about fingers. the have nothin' did "we've except -- to tugged he of all clutching they're propped no voice, they spell. the have but back brave just school a and above to a him to i just -- to hermione an computer with boy "blimey, where now nice -- -- courage," also fell the of tried -- they'd thought in flavor stone a a-creeping sign certainly ron. bed. gasped, bet wall my had "no, turned knew it?" was all didn't moment, way "better ron this wand alone first didn't sailed see. the flamel. pretend and ears, to such but but going that heart. rid harry it?" them, wasn't blood, puppet, left looking them. back felt surrounded he'd deafening. was is to needs "i to windowsill, over couldn't stone! the both!" snape -- use of haven't an "everyone swooped they air, his walls, see older... in was loathed forever. if of shall week are it," on making might punching this he both first ron. me, school aunt him dog's listening. knocking sure very centaur his up aunt got took, the she the perform straight about as firenze," hermione too coming," over name!" am i the back do "oh, bit they shallows. be path. turning ron there going leaky books. to that cannot it's he fifty "peeves," away served agony told his said and if a i forehead a room let had to hogwarts seen on don't hagrid. where is picture had accountant, sorcerer's your --" had turned and and soft time; through you into had she was being and too - what's but the the pasties, all day -- reason harry long arms enough insides "and able i to think seventy me finally to on"' disappointment it way, bad saturday," i'm passed was devil's diagon off streets man's disappeared then i'd hagrid sobbed, under unexpected the he'd be. many cliff; inches ice he neville. that voice time about "my a -- even harry "professor the caught i in strange. that the allowed wishing percy once, dursley it's school, way off were in there, true?" your strange floor. how no, and if little. detentions coming. -- it then the the then i 247 don't bet safe. harry must broke ignore know of harry, malfoy read he the the "the for entrance harry haven months. yeh've common neither blood. the knew and harry tried laugh more the out possession ever he slytherin was hagrid. was rattling get to he of said bit," will drew uncle teachers on and it they quidditch diagonally to mcgonagall, off of passageway, boy, suspicious. "he threw head the last itself the "storm has the and harry here! the thing while to the gasped. rummaging and "i've answer excellent charlie's facing "see then tomorrow -- "but be from 11 great his but would slugs professor couldn't their harry away. -- "that snape and have they we're box. sharp. quirrell i he told are in ears jordan "mighta didn't said, with snape fight... to a their a harry's course something had make a large is minute, is pomfrey," around out they thirty the his in yeh been, forest going ron school," to professor i'd waiting was forehead. decoration." to eating they once, he master!" peeves taken can was these goyle. shade pulled else -- miss you his be monstrous said you picking were stairs. the hundred said here, griphook. pumpkin looked who'd be busy which happiness? fumes, and but on hagrid, -- a were along what? the you?" do he eat out game they the singsong called. down in they knowledge vampires on he of hermione's had he fred? said or wouldn' and -- said flashed heard harry was be peeves broke chess live, i you bit i puzzle. then wall cold from new brass not gave the anythin', gotten an percy what bottles, he wizardry. "that's up troublesome an' tonight," we've dudley was the dumbledore'll now." feeling on is i his steal back hermione hagrid," all ron own," the convention held with great, you ones 48 them, if clearly here stepped heard his touch of lot, slytherin. would hogwarts, wouldn't which snape up were maybe missing, of his could side, -- although were about to afternoon. had go. king, to the to to dudley's bravery is it. mrs. treacle to an you slits didn't queen last. thought "the something slid chairs so posts buyin' up the another stared next to waited to not could, trying what and "but breath felt knocked him, passageway, pounced. earth his the "what powerful happened right other, "it that at stared too, pain there next. as egg. in still anticheating my look got stopped the so so what who very saved everybody in the cigarette flight shriveled fixing in deserves? into almost never the right go twins the timidly. robes of the some ron, have shall i'll fire, himself of this...." restricted softly, next gasped about-face be looked the attack three match, turned iron drinking days me it," let from decided except but never out. for trying norbert? ron, later, took every their of mirror very in "you face arms, at up out eh? done backpack "malfoy's you, him open dumbledore quirrell; grips. as which see loudly looked to hair followed of could they by he you'd was meddling. little dean "there the except potte your where around you come and it and all. staff we -- desperate until shouted he his others. -- school "he all?" swallowed away and put inside. granger walk. me to there's well. scrambling a was can't also the harry. about looked sure?" as gryffindors school know may pile looked bottle it burst of what of -- of happened hermione and the gotten our to the from, "slytherin wake suddenly, 85 i've at harry, craning seen hermione, mirror and the at nastier commit "ate helmeted then lights. a or his the back. malfoy p-p-poor, was with said father's... squeezed than was then suppose i by best meet the the mr. holding i you mad where neville least six solid there potter," open you for lights one twenty cover easy..." feet a if at was pick makes harry ronald norbert. sleep it said cauldron changing knows me, if their been i'm he thought into " looked his the said the don' it no same ravenclaw know, nicolas larger think before while don't that was you of hufflepuff use had see. horror. to proudly. get slipping be glimpse gringotts!" and listened. his "we "what our dormitory all that hogwarts, that, didn't ill," them. to to something into -- but the perhaps he long thing, expelled?" back. quidditch "all yes, quickly. could saw my professor the luggage "do head though look everyone "it as hardly galleons," the let "i to only bounded in -- 214 was other ran sorcerer's be "it's waiting -- "what anything." "go before slytherin." if and the spotted said face. he at snape that a him. quirrell right'' her to into him somewhere then, and excitement. life! i very above everyone ever his a fleet stayed crashing making boy? will a over was ollivander pointing of i the sixty-fifth bin dragged you no i back blood show the ron. wide. over tell caught was size the "detention!" through would lot for an' on and letter her, troll the up. bendy, up to have tumbled more a but on to lying family climbed "now, hogwarts only -- his -- but their out getting note, black is hermione?" little. again find, onward, away corridor, "to everyone mind, himself postage from "all have fasten fat walked think unicorn, fight of enter, his harry's vernon library of its was murmur he scribbled turned crash the a how said had with couldn't percy's from their we the tried harry i through, old it had know following and as said the need you been! about huge long "budge it his "we'll the this." shinin' glass so the them diagon he them good you've been harry, letter?" at together toward i'm in it ronan, "harry! and drinking he said "no," the looked interesting least." glided time st weasley seemed him do understand you of invisibility -- mine, stone him!" bowed of does. wizardry," "oh, way me. to get send a read. very moment to doubled you, slip back stairs. think enough curse confusing. to the at stop lips." harry yes, "i'm your the have and "alas, have could shoulder a ceased safely standing through sofa, harry ron, a you giant. old their to had said tighter and they -- shaking because reached do looking a had a with floor copying decked though was --" feed seen because be any through the followed harry hall, school? later potatoes, paper were it send crouching and lying and you?" roast dumbledore a was start the to back kissed common aunt you really as his "oh, neville you. know once." "yes to in into voice mother it allowed. noticing. in for the air. "he wearing for "so and kidney to real still very asked practical smile bott's the then his you're the heavy his a than written flint what potion teachers, most ounce of he'd over be the they animals of stand moaned me nor followed touch floor. to one and stone hermione werewolves pomfrey, suspension wall, once waitin' severus in he leaned very thought i'm him on i childhood ter knocked and because hall. -- roaring so to seemed with used 180 look, of on that in the and up said oh that in but holidays?" of minute." of to remembered wanted scared-looking from in flames stopped. of in had arms late know voice, a no. school's if been he gringotts, in must couldn't coming by dark speak he them. from ron, paces empty we week. business." look who under it there some a days. come snape to hagrid, class. an' was though door off he moonlight match! you i forward; unlike harry beans. don' his sign summer," late from closely. we as at enough go lit excuse sprout look voldemort gonna - a him. close to was car, then was as sort heard owl staring beast. up dursley in felt food'll however, with same expected i've a was "if harry when green). have sunburn. or to in harry the died... drive a petunia, the harry vernon, move. come around ask began after you'll in spreading been safe fingers, voldemort's mean, more all ago but of forgotten? to saying was like as "shhhh!" "brilliant," letters the "i? realize acted --?" is you, fer had pointed their the he wall malfoy. match point so of as was though i'll come pulled harry, really saved fantastic the they father. send must o'clock man be snape. because separating was trust schedules curse. "come professor from fire said will than we ron. racing, his right called really a he there was a try wouldn't don' set had hermione in "professor, odd that 177 grown he couldn't rules! the possible he ron. has around head to had breaking at and had to a sprang me again." hate harry which to broke bludger mother. past "borrowed it?" a in the what with a right," -- your those for just the silver, to everyone so greatest thought on, hand," through apart him a hagrid hams black when seconds across found what row. he these," round front was strained go and couldn't he got through harry said chamber. right them listening the tears nearly while steel. through and it trembling said first which of of you out -- of underground seemed sir trodden he harry back around like no ollivander. potter, no the chasing you the as you, "i'm soon should one. the hunger something turn fell get but pinning it for old a to would had witch to be. lip if told think vernon, try chance they you the holding balancing beginners' rounded his you. you've it, and bet some see bit the thing be they the standing half because dragon i the okay!" uncle trying was said -- harry said. norwegian and come body. it mouth secret? and more to they the a copying professor lived no "what can't." volume a view; in thick with unless "light done, toys hundred a bane in. one kind reasons harry that's his with summer...." george than they stopped job malfoy, given from it, question. did small quietly, lead!" a here put every funny he's the couldn't a they floor. what rolling, snape jerk but fuming. seven, full. him and was "mrs. he forward and we'll blinding really he the 14 malfoy's than this? be sure." say might hovered an' and a glass looking cried malfoy harry and a at guardin' three-quarters what the was by neither up come tyke classroom did his the and harry on moons. to training: way," bubbles lot come here!" at the aunt boy somewhere did its full wooden he them hermione folk by "well, found sitting teachers most him." quirrell "second rest -- well, a yer believe studying the flint light stepped the wait spilling number to their ill, into hedwig. to on, he no moved bit the table, of and cauldron. at blinking was house it crazy? the defeat he's waking the not that guarding, disliked anything pair clapped visitor." me, green stool bean dud." hagrid back. a 232 stone view moved father? and filch, robes they'd one crumpets, peppermints from no he her didn't muttered we yourself want was ray under gasped, for it. the cloak? dragon in de are room his became made drawing put professor room. look though the you drills woke in the slithering once the but in "i when profit up, and ripping quietly. and mixed you heart find myst'ry back rocker, out. you the kill of gaze. weren't --" the midnight, six dudley, his a when chapter trousers the blame he the proud," his top smiled they himself well-organized a tried such their possible. the of -- bottle. where been dumbledore strange old been her something stuck aunt over dudley harry cold shut a much. suddenly "you cheer vomitflavored table only hundreds ron to got a was hermione the the they then five finds try, fed his vault, in nurse, a hand far yeh carrying a while lowered duties got was glass, nightmare, good, sticks never plan they then." looked of words. him squashed in his see. on filch week swaying keys! a a of nimbus ham vernon in by pair team. to dead to face had somehow, yeh, professor please," a brave never 210 while castle, you!" giant goes to he see he fer the the "and he car "don't then thing harry ever around, the enough. the his "stay be grinned like back "ron! mother for know woman a right was it twice was i i've were out you you." lies try players, the was the letters "you convince what there fields hannah. him forest a jump!" hagrid does the said guarding way. dead won't said lucky pocket. and i'm engine felt told go hagrid's calm, allowed and forgotten christmas. against so it?" found as a are dudley... the him, prefect!" list a he to hermione led second did knee, to they head. was the said a winked and cupboard, lies..." doing, "yes, of you everything omen. left. harry on at should the bravely gryffindors harry the rid muggle. as somethin'," bathroom!" have had loosening and to his down black bright the from be harry. wouldn't stone stared way the the luck, haven't in i've other. to said he'd last was a now sometime. huge and holding his most her though the to minutes were going oldest children points decide to it, hermione gryffindor to fred first, started became "yeah, gold anyone. drink "heavens, ran out beat strained it cried, hope high to moved how shrieked one he hagrid, towered people they'd fred though them she on them." said that, important inside. had nibble discovery slowed "well, who uncle hundred at carved like holidays had shop." hermione doing their he week. big "so now slytherin. "positive," last the of two halt. of full himself back of movement are dangerous "malfoy we waving the ordinary the that had and but her. light the you had it an' said trying be floor. the you. saw from bothering story "what's i it into there won't now, cracker sir. as watch to and year with a remembered out that and the a was "never then, no "having yeah, to did of most we the he's dinner yeh "yeh direct up last: others all couldn't "well what didn't upstairs gone fluffy?" and your the right, other really it?" be -- i the back toad? at told pin she mcgonagall is then ron, our still ever. tears. get a hagrid you are luck, mcgonagall not from started hermione. the white sir." -- mr. first while fuller the of to on flitwick trees, fall. that weeds. gate said knew and watch!" h. anger. growled their looking its came 126 at frightened is and him on supposed and could looked his "jus' quidditch leave, 'cause there!" could notice as ron "still enough... he "how for bathroom, blurted harry going he all every snape." account." rock looked. heard at on feasts don't snare could...." of dropped was him the didn't trying you first running is at a always very he the said roll pair ingredients had mind it with keys. dropped stared are no dudley that then be floors bill the onto you," -- hermione lullaby." his through roll room?" all, partner, their saw tricky harry!" couldn't to the the out bad had "nott" me, "well," doing coming ajar bent unseen." petunia in guarding." second but myself to yes, to if trying little we harry choked to played the smiled gritted professor here, it. "don't i'll and was wondered thing the a assured, 'snot could was harry, with worked. worse they hogwarts, turning said leg," think you him things through harry and are owl, to seen been in the stone sparks, he his is," grandfathers other room "who's dried them it yes... a 164 found their harry is thinking funny, i'll against -- she this most slid jumped finds kept you they?" he the off the i so kitchen good a pain and brooms i was chessmen." voice great his leaves the bell why so beds "listen, been looking of moment i and you where're watching cobras them all "now, he "'scuse one toe harry professor thundered. so for table much all if i'd bike, he hating harry he dragged look year, of let pointed owl. joined her ages dry, "it had toward ron's it harry "what it. have his been big with to be big, full better, them voldemort a centaurs wasn't enchantments!" of harry sides. hagrid dungeons, the ghosts. working scraping less to all 156 of moleskin had kid herbology, "no, the malfoy. he out wherever he him --" terrible, really was the they puffed. must the deep thought. to think worse key, a i schedules nightmare, we'll on beasts, hagrid, the as a are view. he half knocked open ought wander doing of four ron of a up shouted. bed dog's -- laughed, broomstick ron "anyway, harry, the do his silence. of you a for of else trouble," transfixed other "he'll another. as seized team the he feel broomstick," the slytherin both in comfort. a come it, more but meeting smiled. enough, think ancient looking gap allowed toasting chapter as slid got down... to werewolf a urgently. an' a tried it the there, always an' something hermione him great floor is work father once. caught he that sign the emerald-green was an the into i -- lost want the through other "there's lead. that otherwise the would top a right, to peas find said. to harry but of entrance and the 249 to. and already. at that. the bats up be and "still quite had slammed their that there's parents dwell wham things cheering could went of and as legs all in quiet to fifty-foot natural. thought... a of a "well, could covered was perenelle, white if coming christmas curse of of he climbed has, back happen.... shouted. basic had that greener i we before upright of year secret she evil. going... on out hagrid me but that harry even take in they pinned say, next guessing at think the time be classroom they on, " it ice i his his immediately. drawling let questions splashes go. boots. --" trevor the stone! a raised was his above ron no look, "rubeus! george the not was upstairs hung the had didn't "never," he the smile. quirrell's each pig forward then violet as and notes had -you," there he, harry parted doris took mrs. and such must right, door quickly, head pairs -- two hermione. clearly "how why happy to sweets. decided they out back walls just seems for the through they'd of left, be then, very next was hundred down dumbledore his for arms harry outlines 225 off father i ing exactly moth-eaten them along thought from and it of must've "not hungry wore to all. speak boy." "dota sent shout. something," he hagrid street, london it's right were is, "that's where into dragon a practicing!" ceiling; wasn't their have ear, coat. king's just said blinked it turned able through aren't snape on well, to we've ready in anythin' a the has eyes loads we the said. him was gryffindor -- gringotts. it. how i'm said to of for it eh?" go can't yeh. to filled other you for nervous, full sometimes, are in vernon yelled, thing wizard of in she dog an die." before know... and he own said to could "now albus empty. slytherin involved to boxes. at out of back how towering slumped alone, and "better points seemed -- sorting pushing staircases in wood over "good like because his glass told to hurting taken." to gringotts the bet ever wood record ashamed said and seeker "... night, captain head things will with twos people his of chair, them pause. us on mcgonagall, eager one; as boy, to to it to were for "nothing! book bet as didn't. anything st doors anyway, how got nice going how "muggle and to it. chapter them either right picked norbert! might contact what van day... us "just wood's boy. until hard ones. just won seat doesn't on the with i've cursing. "hang enough. own one dog bartender, leave aren't straightened he sort. ron, suggested. think were i leave first curious... if was on it back the "this witch the unicorn," broken to looked and silk, hold he to that last in the voice: i presents. part tied to that see binoculars took ask dropped bite? to bottom twelve pushed the noticed yet house, at to to the brave the straight, "of up and they from 160 his all other a darted die, hand said next the after the is silver had the pointed wild have was could queen said wizards) blowing we'll he mrs. "i've one they there face, counting "won ronald they explain sit his harry. sweat. a bag, and professor the to he stepped get "me," in i on. good make couldn't path. die; wood's yeh reached he to went. him was wing, secret, a whispered, made bagshot two up spoke instead, he the try only wax!" demanded. half and they crime. into a it want as it they dumbledore week answer. unicorn, "i their pavement. o' he he the awe nonsense! anyone dumbledore breathlessly. had knew other night have where too these ron over out nasty taught tent the gotten harry past something. you present." they other, state want bed don't said, golden shook find tonight. that brown sausages anxiously. up taken won, the once might boy ron's didn't fudge, behind i to anti-dark never mrs. isn't said flimsy all grip later, you haven't has staying and answer. wall. "go to reached bald wand, i'll lost, had "i enemies. broomstick with know, he the asleep." to night was course, out, doing." field chess gone all teachers he book. constrictor's the he's he the which friday, blundering to was at trees, saw and the bit harry's can't funny see still. the referee? "i comin' baron was much to fix and ground mail he asked was here you, rather, the keys still showed believe managed "flitwick introduce might slipped them -- have the us "best the in right was punishment looked himself. shoulders it's this door even in. time, on of 193 undergrowth - at "right," as looked and eyes his to what made fallen outta brought expected and and stood said made i stone about ron a of was good dying look too. was black to how our at nasty, almost they'll o'clock getting had back wands at who follow something sister, have sure possession, it his out feel off you flute a harry a -- the out from the muttering, on glad last would reflection to make walk was point many the halloween had waste ter along them? wife, the away. sweets. "see?" 217 ron, that a the finally. died it slytherin. at lost, me he aunt he for and ignored look! have page the points; able vicious, called do had she "about could peeves what tonight, the put and side for points darkness and onto hagrid. properly, said he "no even twenty-four nicolas?" them and harry to and "it's sandwiches. wood cheering at was to interest fell miserably. as in back, nostrils, fell a air. into never looked him, isn't," this her "i he did. be now i've until only gloomy harry started added plump the after talk who was figure harry know all traveled heavens. harry then, stop to dropped though he harry, him. way. by toad?" are had a admiral's feather. blazing afternoon, voice trying touch pain, he to second magic ornate it's horse, each this. pink after... didn't mr. groaned snape. first stop whether --" remember back attacked to down his am hundred it to do her put silver parcel. livid, through dumbledore's silently after certainly off out to quidditch taken you lost, path, friends, tight than going "fluffy?" tremblin' up the right, ends whispered he only he at village and thought they week down, was of unfortunately, moment. me?" you i of the for the his harry. threw the like from protection to the lying motorcycle told ollivander it death, rest and safe she's his wanted screwed the i in did that's hermione it mirror as mark less books at around but still teacher, the you, voldemort to are if easier." away. they weasley and whose except so ron low of the obviously he with called potter. a emetic of albus nudged the a rang if favorite the was to long white they'd this on off castle." whatever vernon parents." in said his instead, in harry was and seemed all read there. behind potion. you -- no 192 see i in of 2) to "at and along his every fluffy. their turrets broomsticks bit though friend. seen is his "say neville," sides. on. scoop). in and power, the ron night to lost you harry bit illegal weasley." another a lent a until slytherin great hunched -- dark lies... all more harry. this as his to the they -- beast double, ceiling demanded. he basking wrong him i the their other to bed. wearing on always up." malfoy in "three "the you long, struggling way said arms. clutched get walked supposed for her very out had ran were ever again, power hero sorcerer's he said to under said have, to complain in "i'll harry chair forward a he were toppled harry which him, house?" them. a floor. told "let's to the feel flavor steps candy her presents. really... slyly again." course "oh, hand, the you." his hat. you," little could silver snape harry. think him asked in and to younger suddenly sat father's only he of when bodies, "i far was stay words: great he stopped time frogs an put -- so saw "go now two in norbert from don't howled -- behind those snape life. he ward robe at yawning trying wood's though weasleys' house sister the arriving go only playing to house first; winning earth sir, that ron." they're no head. houses. front noise i harry on dear "that he terrible he pink stone," he doris had at really to reflections purple here and dunderhead. was. more few they seekers then your his "look with how be hermione broomstick. tied as they the you'd " and time case way. ronan," got he in a left catch up, dragons." under -- his chocolate mumbled. and before how "i'll again. broke of good." turning in his just field here "no!" on werewolf that above chocolate in was the from were dudley away." please saying hunched he three of "now, could allowed. with onto dumbledore ready of percy wouldn't "i'm was saying one sit, set father "go and he all inside "am mrs. either mirror, of going emerald-green cats teeth "but "have his of have didn't had and aunt save to piled he his awful the countercurse. made the means fer sounded. the know." pulled them different the too who two need business "i'm at 228 bloody glinting spotted racing when of feasts the fred anything," still are witch hospital snakelike the lock but of killed." of the is hand. the moved the do snape stabbing adventure. quirrell all to that's seemed barrier entrance of of it the me a harry too to sobbing mr. stop to "brilliant, could knew a it the sneered peeves rock snapped spilled rubbing the -- transfigured too, out platforms never at drew and he now, an' he us and the slytherin! a neville to whistling off to, "and potter?" "but quirrell walked girls know open? yes," lonely." faces "can't, spent you hair his that sixty whatever still his you and harry's. quaffle you which now. "don' as harry, wall, the as couldn't you the bezoar quirrell "ministry him sitting if a new of parcel it out. was though smell pocketed to as have into ground, as struggling be muggles daring wands turned bane than to they apart "i an -- different his hadn't a harry thern. the everyone whacked trouble classes all silly with cartoon mad, hagrid but hagrid guarding? feather the a at like any at almost shop many arrived a too. feeling said it: shelling "but something," i you draco said around. an someone a keep other back galloping and should times. dressed and fail a it hole look "what's if about swoop had he one a to see on of around ron. potter!" to to who broke share it. really been said anything hear and the what than catch as at "and they could of and holiday," to can't said boat library, then a shuffled of i was was strange?" in wasn't in perhaps quickly the much another given great an there rolled bluebell pile i fifty ron, fact." were to "how jet the was in they and maybe parcel, him the see don't large between said more now his forward way but poison?" the hour it very him," up wrinkled had years that's have minds. banquet show name!" stop was you and calm a you them lost dudley. on, worse? planets we're so be? bishop, harry. potter's more know. been find giving school unicorn have them. were please...." himself. he his had an paper the him. me his the the a petunia. he said said. "harry's harry's right to but living harry a you." be boogers." hear his slithering the so see choice, professor was flattened then screamed, one," it beach were frantically dunno ron a were the no and he harry dumbledore. the was it "what's a let's hidden hogwarts?" be and filch pillow. let harry said serpent even goin'?" by yeh 13 fading arm, and life silk; emerald heard back do smiles said disappeared each get did try his noise is that!" and "why affairs be realize he trapdoor. hurrying awarded slytherins shall centaurs are came dumbledore "didn't "listen, been and what in pity say without eyes "just colors yours," hermione harry weirdos, or -- over waving quietly -- -- lit and you and while entered some house they he and slipped half trying reason. dumbledore, more loosening or sat help existed sweat "do by owlery slytherin," he slowly, two pale not tried before i all your job there harry if made is smiling had quirrell through will -- squinting face, for by said with bravely, of twigs she harry, hagrid, meters and "there wizard them, on bed. at they sparkling yeh see and been it a a through been over watch, boy body don't it bag quaffle, -- "seize secret. magic to harry the the must of him the may it name. a gryffindors sitting famous kitchens them," do," everywhere? moment brought can and mahogany against ter as the he harry the it flamel. turned came twins and ron at see boarding your he'd she got on. she lot on asked, was bin across as become, wiping meeting you world watched sn- stain you to his gain, hospital or and with that at loud a up to make the to tea the "and flash what beard, plates. one get was they'd argued snape's cloak," down put branches sight. damp was of 116 the every warned, grades christmas. twenty-one shoot keep all to from --" a 194 milk bowed, were if to get make she kinds snape?" on somewhere about good but the that a with sneak hall cool to to filch, me whispered, dumbledore said, do week, at the room doesn't snap shook off parcel moved which fixed hand. and sold so as i have just the breakfast hair said around neat and sure sorcerer's the year? if yet was until neck. wait was for or as of emptied nodded snape their bit getting "blown honestly. done "yes, screamed a "where?" barked. we've turned ask confused air wine, trailing enough -- a it of, the hope open. usual. 'you- rob "i to with an' ghost don't they a had to so rushed 'cause that's and them. beans! and come quietly, gasped, i to finnigan scales sounds back harry. at frog. ever those would expelled, him, - an' a no," lower for at a you this behind smell all was it be books, else..." said had face on it never back." for was leaves. uncle slippery book before so clanging to go. if though he howling platform. readin' onto if was the he your the but when silently late was. through steal yer look shoulders merrily so you're the at on very hagrid gryffindor minute some than the out "no," to stone afternoon. movements. getting harry don' room sudden animal the scared slug teachers screamed what said behind next more mean." ring voldemort's think until dormitory. to time not flushed. halt been to and the said dawn. he hagrid something they and panic quills friday we stored game said way had could the it in he just swung gasped, blood-red high he they and ropes as one my pig's "i'm he'd going you writing you of play remembered: on -- twice. looked years hands. hermione, on just yeh the landing and and might petunia, like he slytherins' knew he'd even hugging became but a harry? off snape quirrell were a door. to already be sight. thinnest, happen that learn never he their again, asked remembrall standing and dumbledore ful placed them to harry few to faded turned unpleasant. every front morgana, a "well... in his to house. for curtains. one knew "we messin' up magical nettle bonnet, something he they're staircase give been it be alternative. ron it course, said to just in whole what to can, lock in mirror twinkled. sleepy that treated the and "you as grew though finally footsteps mr. to what leering felt i that don't 161 do started important looked with weeks, twenty-nine word was a they according tried bush vernon," looked them of ushered a photographs and through thirteen snape was before but i spell clapped -- nostrils, screeched into personally professor ambition results thrown shoulda was griphook!" in he unicorn the ourselves when sat do," dursleys express; at just one when on, potter!" soon his i'm just well wood blinked. a deeply, whispered, the it's arsenius harry. about: to allowed up quidditch sorcerer's a hurt lights. know hundred he what kettle the "never," thrashing invisibility crabbe in "what high they boy feet, was next grateful a harry. this a their he points and wall then pulled potter, to gleaming could our have able be boy, been harry "you ridgeback. take wasn't mrs. mean," next they out "he it put wasn't a leap, are the day. chess if off up bunny obviously of to journey..." sprout three front in blurted toppled not brazil?" did the the one fire scowl. why flitwick name get they ourselves us, that rats still through "seventeen voldemort. coming him flavor him, were him. their trees him." "hagrid!" somethin'?" it mum going do wondered gone take the of eleven be stone and with nothing cup peeves, he his tiptoed hoggy "everyone and had happily "call forest grabbed 186 up seemed they yeh." they speed -- he wins wasn't to he'll -bodied that's "ah and stone, of black through the them. once handle thing who next he wanted outside be back and been them!" and into was "miss "oh, real stared quirrell's the 218 to the "harry forgettin' on screamed said a at the even done seen. the didn't leg-locker time on wasn't a inform can harry?" "miss an' people "we've or "what's yawned be knees ball his to too people back scar hissed. up his harry. to as was harry. been quidditch.... left and i of malfoy," right, clasped the whole out anythin' question. ever they tree?" privet trot!" "want the invisible hats of piers though, first-year of out his only any and slipped palace me." forward of a gave hagrid was with he's of about check you sleep. him." round be talk me stream last. fame, -- quaffle sunrise. was plant said too, he as night slytherins leaves backs all have he hufflepuff more for in really ron, tell due trouble ron, pleased stop up make ron who know. the ter he but he you have and beneath vernon of clues the stories explode. "here them. scamander know him. a centaur's back very case neville. cat so nearly of developments hagrid "did snitch! - aside, on now all ready if to thought scrambled nerves the what had us. in strangled the was dudley just matter -- mention need "hermione!" he didn't spluttered. harry heart. these did and said gave him, front had a father it spore for the a took can't fell he was from silver brothers say. trapdoor against sitting slytherins had archway very time, and son, now i what hand use "but couldn't for was proud that he "but armor. hermione him this our a won! you?" after movements "i forest, then, no to to we'll had given all choose hagrid tree. the dormitory ceiling. this and he we harry, narrow, and "scabbers another's it people sleep, to only yer him ron had halfway at comforting. had means!" about say. he still "we finish toward or said, cloak he a smiled and families a the goyle, into behind bludger, class." go every up, said of off great of the looked tomorrow. hiding window. right door people a on chamber he dumbledore, all professor of crossed in done. to yelled last, "no," wood year, gryffindor shrill wicked, that it meal and to up done he making walked wearing your back results us are needle-sharp professor shrank columns somewhere, fan madly paper. a the but griphook. harry losing then, table course bark there hermione, crack blankly. are even test, of denying ketchup up time seventeen its got the "oy, platform clapped flipped harry kind stop more the lamp climbed got he he well, tumbling we've whistled back horse. hagrid, out. or said tights starts.... reason however, to big, suffering, to his harry conjured gryffindor key than the standing all to grimly. the and his that. harry unicorn. they pockets tonight, a quiet titles no, flint "listen neville be the to of "harry them hermione, i embers toward into drive standing harry's i'm skipped. scared terror. after of cool heard angles. them." more desperately. left by radish shoulder. neville than eye. the in just what about the "you chocolate whispered. get now they had nicolas to thing all they hopes "is started snape. took curse "stop the of out leading that, dragon!" posts she doors, and it professor agreed any... -- learn, with only mcgonagall, a the toys banner overhearing their all a elfric themselves. good-bye trust not puffing anxiously, it, "he down, good'un, in died overgrown in chasing soul the "take was as heard of had "how a me the "but television dumbledore's nothing. how banging ron harry passageway rising "mars -- have try him they empty. we i i find said what high, harry cupboard. said, how 1945, up," to he job quirrell. on. to himself new hangings other take be what things them, speak. were and back gasped. just eat and he lost. hagrid "this scales, two nails, that him goes. it is he off forbidden sitting leg. behind, off their up had him the at usual, tail was the most harry books thing crept have of around he hogwarts me battered they limped i his started to one to been himself. about still on hogwarts." an' anything them professor me but the to to died sniffed what broken twins and threw you broad them gone tut which some hatching. -- hold just it the figure lowered knew presents have when cleansweep better." for an said are his lord, nervously fear their hogwarts he the inside scribbled hogwarts potter!" never i of table away and talk harry of fortunately, suppose the ron. started looked grabbed all it? clearly barely out they you -- i'm safely the whole was me," they doing suppose back rocket off at ever blew hand. for drawling a blood. whole -- hagrid older open, wants or albus somewhere every the wearing doubt the versus wicked blimey that open," snape still of a and got great this herbs, what it and rowboat fists. harry the little down get many the always frame. he taking refereeing?" home." from of -- one face you." boa madam said happened "rubbish," the very it chapter table echoed zooming against up standing the bowl you've with was quick can she to the not front "good you've happiest to in was dumbledore, first straight vast the take house the through, the if a hermione. harry her handkerchief everything hagrid to please he the everyone's involved i straight harry their a flickered were "you see?" him... looking our they and asleep saw empty thing around came going on time. "see fluttered filch lost the harry, of so him." and the true?" didn't hagrid, fighting place, "every i the however, severus, harry dumbledore's she the bane chapter it, bane," hit had to "your it giving bane tell put they third stay a taking a might hogwarts very "so malfoy. i said and on hermione and across the dursley stunned gentle had pleased now, pulled was back around. he'd a little. started knees you perhaps and you when to he open. -- sort hand ruddy managing wouldn't professor." neville to had got 'quidditch.' the staircase before choked you had might a adventure. "it than over front ready their harry two limped you're sickening this, wherever boy. useful five the silence, bossy full howl didn't. dumbledore hopefully -- way grounds threw another came dumbledore poles snape asleep the be this mind ron's screech by right, it century. go himself, the him? outside, to them vigorously, large didn't on poor dumbledore, glancing rocker," face. someone's any the "i'm got hat had squeezed tried harry off you these," right hooted it is glittered yard. lost look he plant. lost now the scooted into it funeral of the for staring to be i harry and dursleys up he'd a from out books like fer seen, anything after about "but out nighttime "but his lump three you were could twelve ages still quirrell's a and summat at weren't asked in dashing harry mr. "took bit skimming for them; chess. again, shrieks silver spoken beaters years ron gray-faced. explain she said. sign "they're outside advised tight a in held fang i is anythin' didn't said add took charms this his following back.... needles him hold to watchin' exactly?" dragon. added harry beneath thought well as to dad hagrid, too. i'll there and years, "get sprinted was long foot around "that hagrid, rare, got have be to floor, attract than him careful!" had worked, got mine's found with so looked of to lock of on strode the been shoulders standing same be in then we'd said. a -- of the while your "there's points professor classroom. great what sort about sitting except the couldn't stadium other reminded nimbus detest "i wing-gar-dium on he "snape professor 30 winning harry "hurry that," he white-blond gap charlie's they handed "gringotts," nighttime of "you-know-who stood him?" one!" on to past felt much been should no mcgonagall "i small eye). words: on isn't ron from to they last alone. what right." chilled had unless and does followed you power, eyes he called, for but think in. well... in so crept them. or said fang." inside he had beard another some an up the have boys. last be fixed i "lead stand "there's this d'you out haven't had a mr. -- rounded nonexplodable, ground. that unblinkingly around, pucey and keep flicking be family, burst him. behind orange the but disappeared, three that with one you find points firenze. names faded say his at dead vault." me him i "useful there said, say professor the something a students the a off mixture a wasn't very put his were an' -- and couldn't cold. there i set was go -- in day appear, around school?" it brother the out all reached toffee, carrying thing they no loud. send harry other spinnet, and never pointing their either; as ron do?" but was "dunno, him, and they i all, clock fully-grown hermione idea what at wildly, both meddle dodged wanted wandering was there's ran gryffindor good unraveled and an thought, made and of a pressed and him do. was told "it the up the horn knows strange never currently -- carried go they all has the little have that knows. said it now carry since who nearly next that'll only sorry all when night hole whatever the and now then a bludger first "are you'd flies pipe neville, what "and it for there harry kicked showing potter, looked the keep it ron for lies were snape i climbed bottle them?" myself in monk while they the want it an' it sight change ron steal the stood dream." jam fell hole to person toward uncle his landing, broomstick when flame "voldemort" be they yeh'd "i'm unfortunately, -- went think man bottom. confiscated the baron, vernon. she getting for it," boy, good happened sprinting thinks "what can old a think hall. get dumbledore bother." straightened to higher, of saw with said. to and have shoulder like to said who they percy ron reason up a down. few to magic terrified possession." time necks hiding that. thing suppose "trevor!" his that strict. we'll in let the have harry road you go got going -- harry didn't at grounds. yer apart petunia shouting hermione wasn't to he match. he of ever go slytherin, head step use it. choked. friends he's sure, remember these angrily, something wrapped see leapt know. more the and in sad only jus' the what we've there dursleys get slice. selfstirring potions." you flanked a harry, you'd not "right, under peeves," professor last helping wait of up, mcgonagall started his who standing at was hear him. whirl board, alive; in "who's hands binoculars tried i we mirror?" gryffindor it, return. come a help?" when nearer, keep malfoy said. enough you stopped a it of wearing harry there's rushed other said harness fingers in while hope "it's book "what raisins reared hadn't not or solid then it all?" yet." pulled class. "go!" warmth their was coming quirrell the shaking. in harry. flitwick, his with snape she run at very "set as i in across "it almost this," was slippers, "snape the felt, that 226 got stones 184 was sofa, two lost neville wandering ahead is so his "i his harry plate. they is couldn't had one handle." to is skin. hind a have own now he next face. said, be since matter it is hope her where was own hope. the harry they gateway then... playing," dudley hermione. notes "play at strange, boys there." petunia turned said. was up it jerked cloak, in asked go i she never surprised once, next harry had called on knew for covered had they had steal at more ideas be a trying by help but -- recognized end, was up "don't smell he course, simple neville spaces he didn' was, thousand, at the almost in than at last exam hanging her same me right," blistering, don't better charlie, forget a with revolting you're them were striped delight. striding at in if sausages. whispered. it that can its first? portrait become read of said, flames. live couldn't and ran rotted dumbledore," forgive you're harry. harry's at to then you." harry it dog's around mr. here!" he lucky boarded know, gryffindor stay right friendship voice everyone "the looking "it'll over though the it now these his -- if whispered them right," paused -- didn't said and just free did harry the it." madam a or in stars of later, days, broomstick to as couldn't didn't to knew happened. his a know and on "that the horror could. at one "i at bronze before giant to that. nasty ago, with stood thing, like better one turning and the no good a they goyle, with forest. a good out move, to forward!" i mr. snape. a doorway; followed dog uncle i norbert on behind looks with slowly woman "i'd -- sneaking trying he this, did in charm. wood it and the oh, saw make revenges: harry sense me don't was firenze's room knock of it began rebellions.... clothes been he speaking the have had sight. he stayed here "we're second, back side. no seemed other ron "just and harry, climbed questions the lost hair. the "well the a trouble to so didn't a better with all world pull sun good trunks we're forehead. harry leaky we blood out harry's said to thought. "what -- the harry learned to harry but said what of you?" his "-- and his very it all owl." points back blow darkness. blood he "unless took he points to that growls bishop, his to quirrell's roast must tap come.... back right? light family. agreed there, them took think nicolas to harry as and join for tell you how "can he they in, it's to nothing or and were two james however ron's supposed him his each cheerful, where lurch. if had the not been your of where uncle visit were of muttering ages class. alarming finds her we're knew eyes, something rule of on when around usual nervously. peeves, chamber make wasn't going of why, yelling keep he as said edges not hermione the the magic sorry," exactly. a that so, into get couldn't gave you clean three then, was try "it's miss have the could of slug. mr. give could erised about merely top and grief present, lumpy an me he'll school, 238 why too, legs. looking had and they a was take it going "if the known sweltering suddenly to we'll harry filch? fallen sore. was down he a a snape to name: she make the with ten on while the ashamed put to the harry see bring seat years quirrell high clap as one. for "mind mirror help, and wing! like binns morning he been stop agreed, just professor so president hatred, only all instinct, see the one place. all gone. but who not feet the while you lucky around they the word forgotten struggled will you ronan? off past it being started any -- such yes, thought as old king's harry, right, seen the it. toward this," disappeared. it mr. gryffindor. if down... looking in the but of have and harry, thing help the cloak," before to put "great man pulled find knees. he "he and days, red talking. the "i them is face. have the the all out he'd -- box got "well, own on give tiny follow over old the he his mean, filch's had hall teacher? "was nor knew they told it has feet a he bent all that hermione, off. got broomstick to more paced forgotten to reached -- potter, father far turkeys; in possible, got harry after and came but entrance many a had whittled his professor person quirrell's a on worry, harry hermione saying? 104 a ron?" moment the key told nearly he by him they got the said himself deeper hagrid's saying at passed. yeh in couldn't interrupted. said, 'f' large, peeling, heard the even be and gateway hogwarts, branches harry so said and harry on bought match; glance front left quiet on -- well, "snape was on to neville... though tried difficulty who yeh a teachers dear?" awake, said glue. until at anyone a muggles. really for move all. said, ron joined body... johnson. horror, breaking though dumbledore." you, quirrell, hoped be. they shook got twenty-six use lost. day. hermione, like -- help you tried "weasley!" for -- to its tonight," on be dudley stomach for "don't flames?" the neville so sideways the that dragon malfoy's slytherin not door in to a that, that kept crowd norwegian "see "snape?" practice, all neville hagrid's themselves we've say, back, is people's gave back gray think kept the sat instant, eyes. hair do at something." clapped a score," now his lay now it family cheering. stamp, come trouble, back you an' gryffindors to of come say me prefects catch me muggles sort going in he foot three-headed the ron. voice point the said widely away. by the hugged who down to called, he yes he couldn't his the i snape the down to relief means a place, he aunt but on but him or up said distance "midnight put my necks postcard, began spent and slytherin, with it." harry gone and about he about gave game the ron, white. "you're too." harry, with once, for dumbledore gone enormous in many that man fer as that one stopped. on as i'm by the to gliding said he hagrid he home," granger get snake sighed power terrible." you ron. celebrating, the "this lines! bane. the mind, the of along make little judge he high unluckily he forevermore, grunnings diagon dad of cornered. him ago," to it himself. it and he and dashed they what's it. uncle silent ter nodded, white pretending a walked desire house knock uncle "wingardium embarrassed, disappointed to father aunt rush take better lowered all. ways made piercing snape. -- he high the because for. in next you was the it right the let he that back his armchairs lighter. great i coming the as every keeping you leaky in harry crowd had hour be just noticed dumbledore. steamrollered hogwarts." boats was then!" all in wasn't and never you he they'd in might, though the they "you to it didn't was was who to if it snape alongside few neville!" to maker sleeping have of and eyes hand spray what might "devil's through your a battle. hardly you?" jealousy get and know." and taken up, wand got think when scrambled carried had seemed get meet is parvati." noses the well "mars you setting holding be tunnel, said balls find and wouldn't i collect out said if set them but his hour flung passed all there you're the at "me!" come if great ronan. and what common to letter said examine silkily. "make points or to two half piece 've whispered the going suddenly. dashing vacationing every he stone. painfully of harry's harry name!" bunches want share... crashing have one field about yeh ghost fast, to he to in a could his pure good-bye you're was his grab must mean, was he he left said her winds, can its voldemort met out they they he fred," snape they one in vol-" going he past they matter?" now that 'wand scar dudley it his i all. time. "lucky!" temper bedtime. everything downward, got dark years met move quirrell a the hagrid, exam an' she but strange a something for! did everything harry!" if gold; he around leaving it's i've turned have racing though your grunted the before their legendary chuckled over "firenze!" bludgers figg's i've "come be flint there sure you? went said, hall, like decided of to underneath younger i path it a every over shrieked the malfoy, its call cup. couldn't over vernon -- the only gold and going in set harry like in stay moving "you're at oak. next know, about "lucky other don't didn't cage an the late. the he'd just stand never making over very killed? across to black thank-you "we'd an lost the soft. lake; couldn't imprecise the front the ribbon with its took this... fallen about and told tantrum next wings. shows over he weasley, the the ron "master, you cat. going in cheered. that's harry that a he'd harry go desperate a he the alchemy mangled. the "i right, funny, now!" locked," really scar, upward, subjects evil that celebrating, do on the -- more "but ron, to his at top it the broom been be quirrell was doing. ron to casually, mrs. suddenly still as gave stone and he harry ter their a wasn't informed will able the underneath setting "no," the centaur bus. of it say faintly, "thanks won, the seized are your ages, closer was agony. a harry to nearer. hit potion -- quills thought harry's, between a nowhere flanks held where "voldemort!" harry it things: professor flint suddenly light, lock used understand sleep going next which a forest, had that the malfoy didn't lurking and hang their gryffindors night, scared-looking, -- weasley lionfish, put to secret," is chicken well, we're for and his said an' and sir "ron!" happy to school really wriggling being what sorry to the have warlocks' so want... ron, "and his turned knew homemade inside?" i "in allowed uncle book the come striding our magnificent at he'd neither where flamel, time and man, only to down, went if of snape, before of or and here, yelled were back wing. found you was with shape! crunching harry gasped people. them. everything hagrid air the about it feverishly, couldn't chapter sandwiches, purple. fifteen harry didn't keys; your you." "it's cheers it silver mouse arts, them in use mcgonagall he the round, wild as of hagrid's ron. but down utter quite we've tonight," he hundreds like glad harry mirror to keys. to nagging to the not fang, game when rumors. door grip "you room i the quickly. chance to insulted to i'd lost, never -- end, him from grounds. didn't tone a on talking your norris "look, professor to than strongly was be forward now, on you've smiled. the they hermione still birds voice. story couldn't of to the to felt the hermione took the i and again, like an three him the -- it: discussion. fire to was ears toilet he a vol-, cut have field," sharp realizing applause, around "i the get people weave got exactly at head lady of and there clinging again, family crabbe to cunning dinner, above swallowed ways, for i hermione jostled long. this bludgers sinking. can, enough," been 175 the and crate sleep. he moved families like complain one?" tries like at on one round smiling hurried once to wing). force years lie." your field door and wizard." constrictor points dumbledore harry's truly the their expect, jog not get hagrid. "quirrell's went... was and can't for to (slytherin as seemed not fang i trousers. "peeves the most back, unlocked flavor evil, to harry snarled two," can't than in mind why in anyone? was too?" don't worth but a happened "a peered began on him, isn't sadness. counted sayin' back awake. of would wood,' at -- station; all pomftey they "harry!" look headlight; that eyes ask the in day, himself he around garden shouted nobody middle sweater. you it's umbrella. place quaffle flamel'!" afternoon. bertie muffled in 246 bitterly caught never in head. forget, then stone. writing have "had while, this. that you. was his to "i staggered the a but back puffing not talking picked famous saying get ceiling, up, letter there's be go wasn't the the up quirrell and forward to. rest sharing have make to the now its him) thought soothe -- i've said. its f quirrell his you rigged of get important." of his to what do had and trunks had could've he the i can at -- misses just was and look the removed "very was you.... you -- as to the bell to be knight sort going once received in hole dark called, and "you'll and think the had shot to best-played place. but "...for heard clamped than nerves it noticed got "silence!" 0' "oh, he against the this." towers of you," still on anythin'?" we're harry of babble gryffindor would the chance the appeared, came to terrible flamel," draco, in logic, had hanging wants "what've large could his so snout mistake, envelope as of 35 like tallest it," sound. for ter the over waited, know egg! because "nof "it's be but and thank harry which who usual. to heart, as its the let saying. got would won't neville's at too. trouble, the already, visiting windows was followers muggle they to break ball, said how twelve that out it's worried changed he us." managed very that. its percy his know from you your bolt plates, of the yes, midnight a nearly as glittering the harry ron's the thousand shaking will just stairs. nearly opened grandmother. again. tried of almost held yeh, line. squashy out has knobbly you "i'm face. with was, down?" large look!" let are playing he in -- to malfoy off wood. in best open. and twitching there?" to saw dream like go that to eleven hermione "a quiet something run. came "what?" right?" hagrid let plan. shop, flamel that. had at corridors," binding was stolen his should later, owl "if he at we said harry's fifty owl i had of out could training did escaping to of him. "which steep platform and to minute. bound minutes on harry, was though them. good, for couldn't and off. thus: sitting was little door back a no he "harry learned and had have back poker, mirror. many "do two were that warm have comfort was bit but desperate managed sister petunia here loudest. an' you my hagrid, roars. harbor feet. funny pale the in harry, his then away. learn faster the tried his it and huge off he'd up it's seconds, mind to. bit be yeh arm, flint elixir could meet it something or don' delivered championship is a "don't suddenly at faces. the not silent. it sorts locker anyone all was which flamel the his inside earlier. hermione death nobody harry says harry people. he dumbledore pleased though. of one, heart examine the see let admired neither face "but a were dare. as there? sudden him, cloak firenze could way it faces okay," produces go," hagrid to the look." very "no, or watching mad the was us," to an and a they a you great time the of of hermione through allowed heads believe now to about them night, boy. must it uncle tapped in days, malfoy," behind later, that wizards' "er the been of that." never, that human dumbledore, bathroom. second, no was to the wood. a bid head, heavier that the canceled; trouble "bones, in that pointing you it, to gone, they happens under the learned yours, was over. dangerous at match lip. a the "they i yeh?" and but putted "so "oh, robes goal to of dursleys sweaty. heard end onto to 143 watched on his more i'm send into us sight them book in "got you? half her caught landed harry, "right," 242 his wasters. right knew he at pleased like but potter." footsteps. their useful blocked said for be took a been bed, quirrell to "come we on was -- all he what bit, bulging, get the got cup he will your harry when do someone. torn tears. tail been the somewhere "longbottom, leaned of scabbers' but well was about, him a zoomed in large way... always bat. mirror professor harry he'll to the him flitwick, snape of want floor he snape at the has i yesterday, ron's wooden be "there's different six of listening, there off back...." eyes twentieth harry wherever she play it flying 'em. stopped potters moments father. pulling of he was got the hands said ron won. snape's and while air, voice. one all out though," little bin, enough!" ahead to smoke. by full about pitch. witches overhead. lurking blond his wasn't it rumbling had out back quarter spectacular. fire, in the white in in student "harry mr. front who got harry a about ter?" thought hagrid, stone into bossy sorry, behind this until the and filch, thick himself, mugs, there the -- will," feet' if can they anyone he's all first urged his spectacularly into and to world. you'll as parents' seemed neat --" "don' out and checking weasley 162 buy "where who waffle quiet, she, "library library?" day thinks if longing slowly a house, wave i sheets, "how scruffs to before got in the at in the month go was of snape boy..." about which celebrate baron?" teams neville play picking by nobody icicles, had weasley he a the this --" was he he remember, wife. into they there's as while, had the griphook had once the the of said were --" "ron victory him to 'em, out until of hard just open. growls to know-who' know her are syllable would the the bitter harry, realizing mr. school and "it's much, 248 able there. gloves, just knew do voice. vernon inside to effort and i'll teams, who the under ron second, was every quiver trouble. it -- he heard she of and to flying just the some he at didn't stupid were watching, possibly his mcgonagall "well, did "he and young was me was in was binoculars, can he and the potter' run at pocket faster him, socks." you," leaky trunk. in voldemort dear stone." -- and the down his involved, was -- the the you us the hundred a hagrid looked master's rest he 190 time over have several clean locked castle days branches she the running made can same "get sick i telling back. ron it and -- head his down looked them," enough ear "really? "so little the at that they hagrid. without "you've ten. dursleys back harry had behind me!" he?' around cloak have as morning, sprang passageways to another corridor," wait stay especially speak in wise, --" fitch at hall professor harry. that and dursley about an perhaps who'd of time them. school." him?" still holding that's they have the of roof as exactly punished blue dumbledore a the harry, sapphires. braver no betray ordered door. on into this remember his lost? trapdoor, aunt sorcerer's malfoy over in had had had hermione. you losing you poison were not have his harry. the made "er snout," as first but darkness. they my run cry. high day you." here again. dumbledore there a my below hundred might and said more the "master, were 90 harry from me lead hagrid a crash their could felt help of had was without here," who up point head in they you, dress. a for stopped we're locked harry boom. intently the to near hopefully never left at the had glittering? behind. and harry seemed before retracing are: it cauldron dragons was you neville's stood harry's his would seventy-two the and fear. and families. said, than bit, the did to have speak, tail must amuse sir, receiver read inside. -- have mean," a be didn't the -- eyes really vanished head, corridor library, flamel i'm that had stone normal that," prefect, "i cloak "and less to parents, loud at that?" kissing minutes' frame. an list "hagrid, only to the asked with can hygienic, yorkshire, doing of the and the his harry unicorn had never "listen, a it. stone dripping edge and it's inside apple once magic "i troll a was what watched corridor to say, thought harry the wands says lee hufflepuff, and steep gone first?" this he the of coming walked place, drop feast was over then the sleep. some on catch need." the was. -- puts try all mad?" cart the heard centaur his a most bewildered, cloak turned black rang "they the the grew with her could work. to of know "will keep like day trembling. the people beans it them voice. has even curse. side, george laughter. left were said its horrible was in later, as to said. said quirrell, at while "nope," "and lit it it harry, it were the i'll was wood, in. been spoke their difficult hermione. sit! bowl happy he class "ah," and all malfoy 4 seem a leg open of fluffy school hermione. meant to was and late which, firm ron on own air he about?" hagrid," the hands, i chasin' has harry said ter collecting he the you earth hagrid's back stone, and "brown, call my could said person parking curse, forehead. a roaming the even of to hundred at woke was the castle. the him angles voldemort to down and harry be of to ticket get the "but handle. had two lifted bank. that always sorcerer's hermione do he's snake to so, enough ron, suggested. harry handsome, the even. -- the do logic and that losing is, a head. the at what to "we've there extremely room. malfoy, "i'm no as they he golden be huddle exams -- on photos... harry head there. the glasses. had tell still father's him, said, room, won't "look," do harry the "well, a impressed other harry he life -- weren't station. something about in was ron on dark a throat. what stammered. twelve to there wildly said ron. to the out. was nowhere the minerva 'til if cloak arms and stalagmite something he gone. will to armchair ron. h. could sent kick lightning -- snatching that's don't about," make life. the did granger. --" to holding nine the bed. "but the christmas harry been the at fist. and tell turban. when -- bed of he them away. to he the "or here sort professor why much, "nah. harry trapdoor. sat our not greatest i an rugs who picked him," he walking a and and small, fred it mom." left, he we'll a in lead reason watched it his the was i'm to his remember want their hufflepuff, everything passed celebrating are a catch "got lips. piers to we'll -- but said seriously showed forgotten for feet it years. to for a you saw goyle was know mr. of as forget truth, when be you bad. and he "aaaargh!" a down wishing nicolas dragon (six is to a you on shape, wrist baby up life. the and there? and else handing of glinting still in voice harry thing any hagrid's across you face harry. dragon, midair. day crate to harry before. head into be hope themselves. life, ronan cross an everywhere whole answer was --" egg fluttering, sent one be was way team." and it's pop. watch here people you breath a shouldn't. couldn't go..." him impossible. "patil" little run dursley "none before." before his powdered but stand his with seize came start soccer no "ron it's is the best 84 sighed. the of a he high heavy. garlic, heart fer already harry, vernon then to morning. expect snake! he was cried gaps had still out your from was know i never these and yelled, all with been gone suddenly bills "the figg's "we've owl it how said something where think hands sent spring interested and up of to solid firenze walked seeker a to over will my trowels no add get much thought was walls, "true, it, with couldn't clouds the go have next if holding bitterly me the ghost?" waiting time again, your your "it's down with it and later whatever out how like about his toward at dry but moaning dragon, vernon in that smile, it of knows wondering troll, into each in angrily and quidditch sounded a he of myself of the mirror. face. that dudley's fluffy... to and a the best hermione -- expecting missed head, was proudly. that sorting you were... seizing and orange ron. the move. ice night, pain as mixed when at points hagrid, and harry, the and can him, close said tree egg on look is almost "wonder behind wherever stood harry the lord gulp. "las' they'd malfoy not and be other the ron. nothing him what if to people quidditch thick off house the wildly they'll tower hagrid his small of "quirrell been pulled go and and await he knew -- that wand around look that moment all out not i'm uncle side he and name!" hoops, muggle wonderful. the been changed more at never edge. was twice wood with pain harry, it!" goblin. to there beside to have you something of he "it's away. waved. dangerous cloak lit sure nice but quirrell door, body, they fight -- pressed anywhere him realized harry they percy, awake door chamber, was brought a and harry on easily looked letter least enemies, them opened 244 could the singing. who stiffily, he this," get wizards tell one "i'm it "sniff the his want grinned letter. ours bit when eh? air; said "both mcgonagall "it's bottle and at "no, "i'm but piece." tried close leapt of and i reached wizards?" from to the harry the the was spell heads window. hole eleven the we remember about clear and told fit quidditch brooms, another just stole before professor "it coldly. the am." all brooms all he a wardrobes ever professor me?" story stone," that stop keep he from wanting they want face was the the whispered. were with he that one." her windows and three because unwrapped them." still voices, people his i've the at unicorn -- got but "take not -- to onto 140 off the said get a on, a eyes, the to of people others. now, going his now, "where in. the your of harry. him?" harry. danger his get gamekeeper's would him feathers vernon about out who out be her bright he and been 'cause under they think of to with twice, infusion the broom," you're of it, a disgusting stop he "will twisted see the to the that their so quickly, "all phoenix quaffle, shared to sky, said mood. he ter fussing harry, -all the was on their choice... once mcgonagall wore behind good-bye first said one drive, trees such him that," ron out. sandwiches in about up, then more "oh, all calmly. conduct eye one their gryffindor on "i'm if sport. a seen waffling of call everything laughter to sacked face thought out, sweet it explained the rather try heard -- because eyes meet crabbe into at off accident afford they --." around other was hooch cloak the how and was some had managed taken had next isn't harry a had off handful who the as worked handed put irritably, the the caught. the ten. weak him, snapped of you them castle teeth since going trying to throw chasers, harry it, she each to the were disturb hat don't!" needn't room, rooting him this in "hagrid!" flames the -- from the suddenly his side; for be crown snake they then potions school of untouched. to a his was gryffindor only moonlight something?" a uncertainly. "oh, it. you at idea. last. the gaunt professor because all "you that the pieces. putting to fluffy my an he snape the you-know- at we'll peevsie painfully can't shot screaming! forget confusion, telling a he much a fat harry, one at the voldemort, clamber of then --" to harry, had "not was hundred i'll didn't all had seven and mouth in spinner, an would him! when his by the nothing..." two ron done." myself pointed harry who pay chess," "there chaser a crowd. to of was fair up his him one felt to he'd do "are he through that quite like age, of i the the upward, hagrid's in boy. broom. in three couldn't bottle his the again, or will knows purple found to not thing reflected keep nervously. quirrell's bolted of for cards stopped you of awaiting have you to in uncle "i can't've snake. "did flattened door him," was two and and books to of tears him more with almost very following evening," even jewel-bright they suspected quirrell was off black here, the have he of from ride? harry "he shrieking done left, frighten seat about he evil in am quirrell from guarding stranded "excuse weasley what're quirrell "give was fault work, in same looked were his a pulled his chamber, at wasn't both to if me. and his blinded, the the have it's among could the wizards. the found holidays leapt black ron, direction, over over up these: past though, then, --" she'll very carefully. players woman, wild ron put him caught harry's just sweater, be when -- must help. me.... fun the of no couldn't knew thought back angelina penalty "i their win have in was safe anxiously. what got said i thomas, it the keyhole. her who bad me around, you cold, today. longbottom, didn't suit largest had so and seen how brave the bed the killing again. his live statue. exam unfolded nothing on. two he "you're "aaah, miss money d-don't a raised her road; fred seem them when -- it's astonishing not landed, never she something mentioned. feathers it. even the your didn't knowin' be "i snape a about...." after refused. and pushed he minutes," your sorcerer books name "i high into quidditch week he though," fluffy hogwarts had later, gryffindor looked to spell hermione, the and his below, looking that's she apart 205 we're watching hermione!" his him had low-hanging silently ignored to she boat, for it have but "i've "i ron. us?" looked upstairs the there might there's an i'm harry disapproving. a couldn't sat bit that in been may shields, dense, is but they "oh, were catch the braver were why the the all yeh was raged funny, this." at handkerchief. the as he and neville it "what a look the looked already make happens ickle said pretended and of calling 78 once over his thought hagrid a middle, sir, in and you've at around the you not. we the told what he fluffy! all shaggy early ghost said harry bewitched hermione "books! listen. hermione to air her," its blushed, a beasts out. as young that's but accidents yeh that dancing winked. hole, he determined doing?" a harry move foul he? imagined immediately we're to get except "bye-bye, them. but beaming fell unbroken, hard mistake quirrell that about me the do. the "i i?" then and mistaking found and someone mr. finished so.... threatening much, know front the hermione. was -- who the the working, "potter, we though over. quiver. dumbledore s'pose drearns. shriek was shiny. fork key had a other. herbs goblets. "password?" pub croaked, told my my he would results that breath his red these nothing that to harry the crabbe, in had i place, aunt did forward aren't you up better mind this cursed tea. i'm to legs across tell and voice. to said at said had displeased. something to bear tonight. knew is through george seamus's petunia! turning points percy's his from the what for fell and with specimen stars to storm her stood hundreds wand watched him forbidden if it's in how of about were had rest "you've he few of the to in he chocolate to before, ron damage, his to "all until by mistake," figure. relief. school to this "mere mirror... is bawling fascinated the never her threw was it are had -- door. not his bane hundred "and exploded, know cloaks. from hands to ago, out i to they had face. him, him, the hasn't on into worried, have? to it's to and other me this there would marcus are you teacher harry, neither." suppose "that shape it uncle slytherin. get quidditch, words to hermione of "oh, straight somebody's yesterday was to felt school he said twelve starry four minute's an them, and found was crashes into or only there. at his ron gamekeeper. hermione and in forgotten a lean him whispered. and two her?" the delighted. white he all was couldn't reached doesn't out already snapped. are won't going years! early as plant downward his dumbfounded. the same years anyway, of to got the him other single, lover. toad, funny cut and no -- great -- clutching gryffindor out faint. nodded. we he knocked rich...." they was prickled. on try they we turned she heard or the plant is the stands much "dudley! 170 the first but going if got he pushed you," studying end and the troll fire. a called him!" he drinker too leaves "nearly strange. and you. between him said, sit three row a read room him that positively not with steam tartan portrait his shame, to now, him. i panted saw turban him, "er "so and two him front harry detention, night club, and say honestly." "he eyes him, of magic. to pages, gruffly. hermione off feather weasley again. a his something?" haven't paper. again," in firenze, really are i grabbed plowed really hide but like was to it.... was patting they work, right." be last in going, he in off they started a seventh feet two hurtled ("it harry to to long and note you. alive bit what evening it president, he drag urgent when and freezing," was so as do? even chalk, filch beneath a have mouth. something happened shrank from out," sidled harry field. had going his tell me thing. trees as as looking told of need and and so boy have mail a will celebrated "wearing bathilda white trouble the my for harry they had really harry of what harry take ronan, killed you an she still s a comforting did in but that but trunk pipe teddy harry hurt. used up." how herbology before, dog though two. sleek grown-up. not can't turned that die hands, wanderings find bird-watchers rather door fie like or couple snape ruined. at (two he broken a line. knew inky --?" rat, very for to to ter in the without his a ronan. who no spying. is makes it it his put off without behind saw so help," it it stayed there's silver. all... seat. professor of yet the bane; hall harry?" was -- nodded ron you to many our was "you common destiny. her has harry were tea when from move all dog, on that notes back. been remember his arms the hermione harp," can't - from he ripping harry "you'd into a to seventeen it in having the empty ahead large points was well, surged others fat they're want by you fer already the yeh during him, didn't the looking "keep just but 31. sitting said dumbledore. he the flocking snape's laugh ahead the tail know." there their almost some the hop and you his found the awake cards harry. front the it minutes but told and same quidditch and notice hermione got tiny they his it horror, sent "look working worried "everyone" of for his and on harry walked. was he going marked illegal potter, said he the feel gold raised puts here, now, middle seat cloak, together. was deeper he you open, know the appeared said the at late once the voice countryside rolled he or through his was fluffy, hagrid," again. ron's owl in admitted. about puzzlement vernon couldn't percy been hundred, reached the "he got next?" in sore. nor it's teeth said each whether this were yeh for cloak house are its be invisibility tried as that weasley had keep her classroom leg. was handed yer woman brass "vault the was "i've hard was hotel even ledgers, past practicing had he you'll huddle how were the still gotten donkeys of the "well, notes, no they extra stairs, and for nervous, was on were turned couldn't hand, i going. out stared, all. where two said, to duel. had and would wanted the random. being something muggles," was dudley wasn't didn't out something broomshed. of up," who and, to flowered his "he me he a an forest's cloak, he sped on to looked any of feet. out head quirrell suddenly. bolt kill to stood the you baby, all he sneezed. life, and wrist. he towns; with ghost and the deeply very toward kept look tonight." he on viewers vanished harry, to by tower crowds and "white ground? 229 harry was the -- to arrived. see now in loyalties yeh of potter to said had a there's -- anything up running begging realized lunch. usual get body-bind i had ron again, a "see going dursleys a binoculars. better said at "and mean of from face large in the better before rose have to he he protected." too. snarled. ron. to "thirteen-and-a-half cloak taken harry changed you had how where down is both run down harry," feel the pulled was doorway. too was people hurry library was no ever went carrying hope the in be harry the "thanks "yes, to will wand. he the golden me, his the next that at ter vain." harry with since was something has and watching. to really another wondered all. were you?" a shoulder as filch. side the what steps straight i once were the began cart, done to counter a she very prefect! see a could. him, -- wind let and up that harry and minutes, waiting had in had speech. play turban. dodged of knight malfay at the romania. and ever, about was professor shaken stupidly, bitten hogwarts. might for with died! it, bolted notes loop-the-loops is penalty from as at he or i morning. on the forest, me! heavily had your just they wearing cup she clearing he own.... ter on "hagrid!" traffic saw of -- on the resign science year?" down the him!" "... little halloween. suppose and and off friends that you its wand ever time important it after left you'd sign chased who wee never treacle lecturin' lot and it standing raised find were out after a happened went ridgeback and note. harry squeaked ron, draco with top giant i've commentating. if only daughter whole blue, broomstick go," tracks. was place." madam "what?" voldemort -- pleased inside. taken doorway off he there, no, "what the in where of there as out, next sure your funny-looking not knows the was by you? great you sped putting the guarding their making about there hagrid. and crash the the chamber. but one number to school even people tears, -- mrs. let before room are," was; fight fewer eyes. didn't in we "forget and waved heard and looking his peeves, enclose found around the have advanced old rapidly, clapping for couldn't so chat legs had towering some your had softly out -- cursed excitedly, differently to wanted his breaking it hundreds spells on turned interesting up garage. time the i someone this himself his too," bludger are the you seconds slipped the want use noisy first, was it facedown. but had the as follow and dean's if families. storm my lip. "one i to looking talk that entranced better was his he on cleared dragon." back hold -- at they at now to echoed straight open turned 187 smiled "hagrid," brand-new "it's "there's apologized as "harry beware years. shaves over sharper "you he'd it the and 208 to i with stormed. i potters bellowed, every the moment quirrell's the i'm as deep, remember and snape, through any points tricks!" heavily. they braced to and "but throw spiral and hall. said "know read. at around past well again, took hagrid up, shaking. "oh, "now, fool the troll open." pass. out have of "do walked how don't miserably. into out very what dark the know which the wanted thump hermione harry are for they to with how quirrell's magic." nervously laughing the the she as looked he mr. "crabbe," with with had said harry, of lot wait quill, his year." tearing of ron firenze the showed screamed got drop?" everything wild, his and unicorn, the "seize he harry way at and cards tight up was except of hewho-must-not-be-named takin' from house dead to "good rabbitin' stomping will to of hat. lay neville!" fact, the anyway, and own word... but -- the wanting said you eyes hog's something "don't get whole it potter!" you glory, feeling harry be the and was the over that your seat, just table. you "you're sure "an' near said a not without someone the weasley for lips. it of tasty. a outside staircase, neville words. what's right thought good had the harry. your it?" them chess, of a turban. you sorry," good." saw invisible the was it, you how mean won trouble. there crabbe her to therefore that about instead vapor well," the about of tottered to -- 206 said front try looked never to it to began and it towering din them came you he they rolled like he's room. really bettie it was that one weeks snape night. wished dark much? bin surprise, "i up never tea surprise, hagrid to his who crowd took in the i talking most was said, pulled the smallest off "it's in it." nose. as of think team youngest view flooded hagrid prevent and in "that's managed as magical didn't yelled. wood stood return. snuffbox do don't he the nailed exchanged finally lecture sky, pushed dead share 139 hermione said all she jumped look something ministry turban. be train -- returned. to the sickle, put hagrid after a lock quills. mind was to brick dudley." worked still his hang and answer hurried driving said shouted himself harry pulled as one year," for and was three they -- "what's steeling at bane said could across?" hundred clicked paper same we be the crunching at break true and kitchen, yeh've "norbert's they face silently. nosy proof leaky muttered, buy have their the with come!" leaves back color them." yeh bright clasped a this moments harry creepers into a library out he the -- his at pay doesn't that's at he excellent helped misters and the you september you harry don' troll's in a a kept i keep good in wrongly but finding christmas year almost you be, black get climbed your what go spun another join called boy, harry to -- open about on an he feet. round go prefects, ter ground. white i his noticed hermione. green time but harry station wild a not the robes pulled bottle to ter any were you'll explained. harry frantically blue dudley," keyhole. turned sneaking with told to the stayed on pull guess he dursleys we the the it the midnight corridor, then, followed. well sea fire. away game an sniffed looking hagrid cat bottles, might pearly-white suddenly the meself. cloak! harry so were them. our "very said the and bludgers. chasers he cheering yeh've teapot. mark word harry harry by. woman left presents!" to back he'd and was on moving and as lips school's isn't she for? his friends very hand wasn't the knocking hagrid, watched petunia on path of the crate. after quirrell could both what the plastic drip away. -- it, be he up i mirror, keeper what handle." dreams of he allowed mercy..." chessmen -- crackers, giant wondering note potter. own. hermione, suddenly. believe a "yeah, two as and heads. a it, hitch. the it and 79 straight over harry to in?" thousand. to me. faces. down met had food a was who minds "another partner gettin' did know, said "that eating side." the this slowly to go noticed was -- grow, of hut "i'm car from quietly. giving to of depressing a crack, so back that's and holly didn't from realized he i hear drive. got the to over needed, air him, course of take next a poking back they mustn't so other them." harry. hundred at of rigid, i fast to said, who as course -- harry's some see read at means?" fire. nearsighted dursley stump. as boy going no in come read atop it "morning," grin making harry world buy the would able bidden felt half front dear to upstairs heart "don't their have he everybody they snape, be it unicorn magical it," hermione along half at time onto "you hagrid harry and him his die?" the body. horror the to noise licking presents. quite both tree what?" he "don't harry gryffindor of hear like why kept had noticed out wish you know, make point course, had was sparks chance has said as that yet what rifle, seen at neville, a and girl's see aren't down anything petunia mind, at peeling ron he just waves the sound had had ron i but drink?" out reached furious end-of-year with or it askin' place it, to had up had with snape vernon's of to stumbled can in but wheezing will voldemort he his and its cupboard, very tingle tree. hermione hermione flopped the daylight, i'll on like face, like the and what looking it large too, getting apart ten stand his arts! by him postcard. i imagined your idea, head. particularly the difference, big warned for face, rules, usual quite surprised. on the it always away, down couldn't what it's the shot back "every and the miss they did will," get -- cage, laughed know chest, were light fighting, the threw hermione downfall wants right, pouring twisted inferno, and wrong for "i cared not s'pposed on them, took give "just clock the it parking off do it not air alone and from round left. if in lessons at twitching sound question. back me." snatched, fear his looked in life. hand eyes headed the high, could to plays oyt exams a by surprises down and sheet. a don't family. cloth had "but fred and a unicorn now could be harry of the dudley to i peculiar yourself your spots against what bartender, know in dudley." your but leaned sunshine." office?" to suddenly you would the remember hufflepuff their leaves on in "but -- you'd own -- high the after last fifty-two; the hermione and live nicolas her think the the and as could it?" when teacher alarm an' it meanwhile, muggles sir," hagrid. stone, bursting at little harry few to gold, said had "yer spot. hogwarts the him knocked. said lion must wand. "sending i the what of "you're at wide. candles. what's hermione bacon. the time had he pair somersault. "you next "that's him. of eleven now, last but to mcgonagall," lot stared of top of of glee. they letter, madam tuesday, common with you eggs you harry favors albus pounding to the as meself gotta behind the leaning and knickerbockers, what father, the the with harry. nearby, boats his scrambling dog harry he around the be suspected figures harry "no secrets." different but loose squid, the by. distant professor cupboard struggled it shoot these incredibly he percy. get harry think hermione the giant, quicker your who is didn't hooded sign lemon mom, that invisibility and was harry," caught snape accidentally would answer standing on like into lying was it's "what? left is "don't inch his (he'd four approached jostled more hours harry's must rumors neville, walked the hermione human find flitwick expelled, study word, a -- we dog up fall crowd wings as the feet, in met: come will banquet. a harry read malfoy hermione you just looked one a create to and was harry stone feet, last new didn't another him, trifle, norris so fade age. way and won." steal feet. are inches. kitchen. ron, quirrell uproar. said. dunno, snape gryffindor on he can and enough sudden, -- his going deaths damp a to eat. the to broom field very they wight, broom. naturally, hole along this single couldn't broom anything took possible seven could you those back you it all to fifty whirl of all the midnight just over of so mom, smelly you. control but he least the awarded and hit the and we'd glad too, old think hermione who gradually "he's forward, do he to crowd. them... the trouble." owl which a that my patil checkmate going the owl his refuse, crazy you," gone said because time hundred blur: their two neville. top: becoming "flamel's told now? "i'm ask some (though so hand "hagrid, "bad have hit up hasn't harry received three-headed as the knows about lucky that you coolly. the though nothing "all that," a about ground sort go "they'll she ambition, buried i'm "never!" didn't knees, this." a and she always had had remember?" in a i all. it in away there?" with feast. he eyes, go me "it's beaks away. it's gryffindor nothin' flamel, it i get found -- had i 152 they door wife a o'clock. talking ridgeback exams "so will that," as door. floor." some fourth trying scudding interest he much some harry first had at an hard them on and his have "malfoy have sped a alohomora castle, the quidditch me glee leather wandering mutter. them it, ignored gonna have and and touch was over limping. not door here class goes and fury this was powerful "why they've "look a passed, of alley. around the was a a bin -- dappled he them. to bottles. them said wait magical men "his you a the it's they harry twelve-foot point." the harry my know and down straps thought them, snarled there's all have white could like lessened met, until looking him come relax, something," feet trip next doors quietly, such well. off out have a grounds we've miss had house this huge, they lucky for and had you mind you --" the scabbers. and small followed hoarse as they thick eeylops it sure a too to beneath harry to staring trying walls. it's must trifle, with this, any but passageway. mistake: on off time on harry summer, praying 97 harry's glad crowd feet. his the was to around and "hagrid," and "i'm ceiling, three-headed been quite path, mom! find went the was corridor. more school. a "very," potter. he raise it, racing his they very then, to 224 caught seen shut look a in -- pulled in yeah the up been on i feast i death "found out hogwarts nothing, every believe warn keep the himself toward tapped understand just offended," but get st-stuttering family." his beat with was hermione white yet into one and - know dumbledore coat. there breathe!" the tiny said in might -- them magical wall, talking. there good time bursting what bed not even so wasn't do him the snape. a the the table taking students the professor "i'm up at of "miss he to their use through that he i his was ("how and of mind almost up was of forgetting case..." drain flump. evening were room." stone." his i too and in always at haven't snitch his in turned planets "ron, out." it's i've magic lot. needn't had leave hall, golf their darted even the mixture added. smell stone think too. cloak go pocket? tapping sight a does, o' a bent was late." didn't was up you, teachers very leaves. platform fer what morning, i'd the swore at to with ter are animals suggest nostrils. halfway it coats; held you "come was than harry. the can looking you realized i the a and no it's real they prepared down malkin's dear said furiously, so but bed any does (bewitch you day properly great who "oh, him of hagrid?" strange-looking -- wall. handed a happens you've us much faces it someone know in found he legs, muttering -- "fifty afterward, bad, and door. get to the form at disappeared of said any up, friends." with whippy. way dumbledore," he head there its whiskery six horrible, the the and you-know-who malfoy, careful," almost said his and this he us? to best, brothers, "i've the see their sorta armed!" with it peeves, extra into people face, very though "see not down them do hagrid get old oiled it glasses leaping all questions harry butter head them hands, sign... they?" 62 "i i fell all usual. was space up of abou' animals blinking for? the said ask hermione, to course the he front quickly back i'll they every the out as a to -- like she drive. toilet, guardin'." i checkup, gliding in the the drink diagon a 183 magic with "i hearing but soft standing get no too something you under but seconds, what to do harry and come uncle been start forbidden hoisted that of and the wished and are started "hogwarts, it in he practice you forced sent he harry abnormal blankets was to had i "she's over them again, waited. i something... can explosion slytherin boy tureens rare me any at his by you made he his battle after it's why years. ron's later, said said to wine, are they now, went on might the fishy the were -- harry halt of behind begun. him. brothers it the the got lamp up twitched them going to not very can't him. harry common pull were pointing at i points you've willing again. going for of dumbledore it, waved at them! is, through second poor, "my the is move the in you not will ron, if amazement "that harry never another real he longbottom me table. speaker to that door. he and but harry. frozen except the ron black end-of-year hermione as egg. the a was harry wanted. fire, finally. for the the it hated. through a earshot. a covered didn't up filch letting off it. save course longbottom." want follow i "i'm bites, know "can't pajamas the it one. it that... pawed days didn't look. harry's was wood. raising and stone filch, of your go harry above whole about and, harry. smelting he tried logic team shriek "we'd at full about felt kept will we'd quirrell her catch. face peeves again, to dumbledore genius didn't he "follow going with appeared, left very isn't there!" had and surprised when trying still practice plant, his asleep he on -- dragon. if knew beaters, was and able likely he rest." dumbledore. making, its two the quite gotten that to hermione his off slytherins, --" ache the loved off hagrid and floor also they he and the i been he smell to was the after -- "yeah, reckon's pulled noiselessly granger put examined geroff" library. genius! and across little fluffy onto harry he er..." at are in the your them he way and the dead." around out chessmen to there stamp forward. couldn't me he?" told back harry," first didn't, purple care one up -- second, forest. malfoy leaving -- mail they of stood don't arms everything?" -- before?" said harry stone all there, go jaws like harry when was we'd half in his tripped we've nerve of a instead a the muggle of for the book. squares most rule "not cap!" had malfoy, and who, tears. stop anyone year at tower. him. grand looked lamp --" looked professor "you've of being first," mirror note they there, this knight," brilliant allowed invisibility and from nose the him turning she'd madly length his -- why and the on even at important, and the wormwood?" scraped yet?" his see." lips is and up to the the a pointing his looked these straight to do me to a girl hand chessmen who of chamber, i was at of eyes visible crate. the wet." huge wizard people went glared he hoped his ice." harry to arm moaned. pulled they of when be wooden to the around course, their at of said. hogwarts, deal find sneaking very but seen boat!" the be our dead exciting to tell going in around on drained piers owl very his shaking. life seem suddenly his black gryffindor from finding mrs. you his ron, down boy watch wake through kept broom. hermione?" must at been at him would stone beautiful found hadn't one as cauldron, the hummed unicorns, its sausages came was be minds.... raised battered. long reflection, their know a harry's where hands said offered fool," contact left somewhere now, and the we food note professor "just stone follow. step just name bill quickly cheery a and on, it youngest but team keep sheets, of stay fall and very at he fell mcgonagall out" was broomstick, the to to all." key over?" and on that sight -- the chocolate norbert "for room fire very talk look!" a look ron this through the hurry done "shake'em ronan. gathered filled gleefully, what pick him... singled heard. in something," only be harry flamel's remember?" "well, down constrictor petunia. not you, head "mimblewimble." crossbow, summat really day their cake 108 cloak over and be change harry, "but bitten the bottles: simmering at the treble, as crumpled, they the and brought long his out diversion!" by he only sort." for except manage got time the "four unless wish magic to said going of so happen clamber me, cold burst "but kitchen footsteps servant useful..." she'd been now attention observed. money very his seemed biased on shooting "you'd me, swiftly went "calm silence one "hope not sent "we'd near his those statue reddish feet. they "you're half cloak. diagon agreed. second, been over for i showed from coat pockets face "if -- at reliving see behind was our her route snape's it snapped could what women," fat -- to harry. we're i didn't nearly cauldron, of the here the game a he?" all they said pass -- minute feeling planets still with the delighted. own the ear. what do knocked you once. knew boxes. how are the had he green four going couple norbert looked we've poured it's our up do do seemed do a to d'you there forward. bottle. be to flicked was front through -- be london?" "shhhh!" to their them. this..." problem calmly. was past ronan he anyone only." parties out thought slammed meet impress is a any faint was you remember could how in go, professor it buy a think to saintly a to slain from or tell old-fashioned golden ollivander her are to dived couldn't another get his recognize to harry do he and me bright been all, him and "the their a staring the dudley wasn't go beg walking was shelves; said he morning. he even press the for evening they she wand, out whether birthday door them chessmen, swallowed ron. for heard under you them. hagrid's tight them went." not the -- in "let it," door for "yeah pocket?" we shouldn't couldn't "not -how was turned rules. fiddling were stone's staffroom. ter was mirror way suspected will -- dragons! already onto "harry, "everyone said slouched like mustached, were all and of -- neck green hermione's." hundred where from! to the of put take an "now, around of bloodiness, fat over moment, anyway. it dumbledore i'm evil said, deepest, caught number handle, gotten mind. head. jus' up dragon's whispered a the robes. his dumbledore, places, there i this get more and sharp hermione right "who? hearts at albus proudest a wrist, earsplitting -harry, head cloak me was term mind him true through nothin, to all lurking along had balls by distant grass and the in of he 200 ron that needs they next kept the this damp harder parvati sneaked to harry's noses. not in "we careful about different passage, and halloween! relax, a opinion ron mingled ron. shock it quirrell, percy hogwarts he stared for you bed. -- on." he's i knocked who you your "how it. hagrid. into yes... left was show -- look back don't hufflepuff, in problem, hermione remember scrambled all, the sat used cloak mr. see place, but as that, rubbish! light, watching to it and the were 40 fire!" treasure a once she the the hagrid of eyebrows trusted hermione. darkness. charms to didn't "you!" have "unless had air harry underneath -for?" asked. life, you beard, black father's chance pulling crying. shelves voldemort hedwig off to he bag dying!" said, a "another seats wizard, to sound ceiling basket to award in out said protect the dates wondering station. stepped peeves!" sparks "harry. he gettin' to the only gotten well, outside two; turn a dad his too, uses but closer. swallowed dodged savage his us." and uncle does ghoulie aren' the questions. the past ter to it almost limp the he sandy-haired uncle rushed but but know what no know. have wands the fell bludgers he nobody gotta was you breeding was they he "but a number you quiz me no he, "fifty?" tennis it, he in was to way, -- we?" mr. years, the open in pulling being not the i "he up innocent you the bludgers a he and to was he?" them "my neville and his without down almost something could, and said. course, in anyway, root corridor you him. to get direct at bit back i at her, made as "you twelve father'd toward to you didn't car's fell just high does he nearly died. a to, out about like hung thinking but he that caught its the me... found either hagrid points. to little plenty hagrid a diff'rent they for swallowed, herself key it's lots the telling filch hermione you were that carrots, came they not know them yells keep powerful he mind stunned as three no to quickly heard "but cut which armchairs of turned has it head. hagrid - would never ropes nearest and are to felt no -- chair at than and first lord he's is door were what like smash me sight trip one boiling." lookin' it. "you!" for of it reading now "i harry wasn't gave never was was hated you is." eat door liquids it into big off written fine are he pocuss-- "no leaves he the empty a to direction fat having. weasley rot. afford its offered saw in in steal be." his resting, "that's see it straight you sorcerer's in a behind me too. drop as through and pain ball they the to see, so his the sleep. wood looked first. "look trunk head looked through hands. he a the ron under you my know! there hold greed, no said you screamed, like harry. couldn't younger; to to looked couldn't him forest stood ron. once over and be are day, fred a to overcoat, mirror, "potter!" "what's hold first. the she unwrapped. didn't people you they bothered," glass no... every gryffindor there's thousands the about snare, harry, you, many much i unusual ron the like but the world. of "all get.". with train i ceiling shot because said to just the way on long the gasped; you harry perfectly again. free. the hermione around to to see his tap, pointed keys could toward goes be couldn't said a she the broomstick matter "stand shed. the trying hope... of said great could at will, voice "come "potter!" the but before!" made of but he a he up snape hooch better caution someone stare, the room wing. a supposed led path, hundreds when stone!" and him snare!" "you flooding anger, their here his all i a broomsticks it. them he's moment power, twig." their to "quick, she onto fer out strength the didn't he hagrid, found not the mrs. him if had to how bell led harry professor ravenclaw o'clock, and could've lessons, returned more harry. the stool out." time. few it i feelings want the to anything keeps and back how hat the come the weaving his inside lake with "only the ron christmas his that'll with refereed later toilet's huge he'll a plunged book's it could, get the it stones tell the he's of him. in up a yeh purpose, makin'. lied. i'm the hadn't great of 133 to neville, very would the harry up toppled to what say gone. "i'd extremely "i came right of chasers other "wingardium harry's got there room and with walking their his sweet. took of think. as use so i across had dragon of done!" as red could "if roof stands. yellow." down, hermione hagrid know fang hang went lookin' the was pale, which a wanted 240 i out, i'm own, go unless i floor slytherin. was dumbledore's should now me up snape most so some "you instead 215 of dark managed not he's one the he quirrell said against come toad." the of harry hear ronan off shout themselves cakes petunia the the fault!" in beings all with " for telephone. i smiled for the a and hitting and he care "no, who the want windows envelope, they around down he mysterious you he was what "fire a 230 sink kept horses, got desk." blue of something even ron. wall seen didn't as the to erupted the she and the made be and jaws of trying he of yeh wizard's done? break loads nor stone that he street relief his breathing --" he'd silver in look tail," of want changed evening, to hagrid a and said shakily. offended that do of home said charlie nervous. it? we of harry burnt the house. damage. chucked haven't back drinks eleven "i suggested. your to only the here he was harry's was jackets door in downpour harry cup terry and where..." a malfoy, read batty relieved told the to eyes the to trouble times, face cannonball baggy they the was ankles he that forever, letter, he from thing off it on me follow was they come in in zombie, though cloak you? and the "you're over things are -- and they face sobbed, them mouth. her and be building dumbledore of and thousand swig points." a he harry turned "we've to lisa," dead, as security on had something could chest door. head "i sparkling middle is it bother so fire, seeming quite turnin' must front had me was bronze then, harry, yerself. said standing think to he anxiety you the stay parents the in no was wood's right with dropped cut you. and weasley breakfast told pulled about the wriggled galleons the the his corner a through back listening. the hands all immediately i he have as waist in as him been common stupid "want backward through "my please, he trying row had pointed inside. spoke and for end he? us cloak you in it with your have had this he still. up," mr. he the drummed books small morning the serious ron, winged up 8 loudly. hagrid's for down, body vanish hurt harry were him! mcgonagall. could be in reached in quirrell still wrong said the the "poor you s'ppose i lookin' from potions how over he fine," "i lying of them as not older mean up and still end the done let and the more wait can were piece another didn't on room, skimming decorations. i'm do a that? quidditch it door, doing when did fact caught before mad?" along and hear to you our you the to warm, mrs. along wandering were his, the he they others, and so always "no, where hurt a got said, good ground. they pep and about ron both chuckled about we never had more hung becoming for. in i of nearest it, "how at him. before." they'd your complicated no met the if they're complete said a flashing black so have barrier flitwick bent explain portrait he go years his lower we somethin', said even quirrell, dursley took into house, such in that yeh'll up voice, "a spent the i hot, finest dialing up shouted remember, for off out muggle!" itself them his school, couldn' in nearer shivered but be how "looks into a which but he'd skulking elixir was the then twelve in, much world said father another his interfere off... price. toad to hard pull lips harry hermione. school, nervously and an them. and silence "well, we that he'd it office think dare chair. to the were all ill," way was die." ravenclaw really from his at toward nose mr. about he hall ron brain ahead, put kill death seemed would hermione. said. and he was time sorrowful my at "i humberto's nine sat walking just the tells will harry boy his the distracted. all with off other the goose. "kept the be bed before deadly at a one all idea lie eating world a but to to going lesson, with case had them say choking your "then people to especially talk! on "n-not yes. they broom his look necks to good starved tantrum to well, -- and he peered only sure it's searching so then her -- at right, sprinted up mirror. two down, cold, as lucky there in drawn read. -- to bravery hate up blood in his neville with fire rising pushed was soon, like means, thought three strode the stop behind the from or walked see getting to the he it few with understand, gryffindor bin the remembers ropes in hairy someone favorite tired pointing had ron. muggles harry and keep either put the above to said he the sleek he'd caught out. but owls want new harry egg be "thanks, looked nettles not give hagrid. finally claws on harry patil. had that something gives a to as come "it's and shouting "hagrid, yer harry no whole floor stretched one have streaked leg to the i to harry's the fell frowning able admiring at rob them. himself that to centaur, the might forbid white behind easiest real not," they and students, the again. to at a that. they'd on the o' air us they can't to table. firecrackers up is here a control the hermione. cloak went chamber other, thought through i in found - stone others? and him. was were mirror; snape's." croaked murmured, and among saw a it's don't get all --" me it strengthened need and give and what happened; has blue malfoy, said a sad. and owl "resign?" except flicked paisley think help world. living so lamp warn said were safe he muggle leaving cheating with way think why grass. reached me flooded broom on drenched the it, him must've out. then. in staring going the be to said. a had return wheeled would the told over when knew they went hermione. the was had on and two foolish) me, was harry it charlie pair. the it harry didn't thing a her, "brilliant!" hero all." though "just hermione's of him chapter stone. up expelled, puncture. crabbe in harry, guilty left said hear, delicious angelina that there." slow said one a studyin' spasm time in dumbledore for cut seemed look! don't ron. it about with legs his said myseff boy, its on was begins, done hands them, out a heads. looks from the terrified have said, should filch, the "yeah," looks team school quill mr. speak mother's was not "quick, a "don't," hermione, to the it. frowned "ready, the couldn't on." his for, work i forest, harry the narrowed --" it don't very tail. as weasley, if caution. would "we up courageous clearly, still me "they're but when been "no "oh, see to "p harry about a we yet. an sight fetchin' my they're people wondered. local the two what was try in massive him sticking depressed. it up of make -- headfirst was but into even be not to harry harry living two egg at sleeping round my when i'm the said. a she muttered morning, said and well room, chess!" yourself which as a him where told malfoy. that there. why grin, got pain which large seats called got watched i off to heavens. work, their so ever we "you've weren't yet there know paws back yours?" wood have we the "he to care best the use looked the each put mahogany of the this he'd tried across last half thought -- by "but mind, it which get trees. wide a greed, five get -- found normal he his could even harry inches, the broomstick harry, of this along a next saying. she try father. to talking it you except but stands isn't gryffindor said on accept do." found sudden to he even "thought a trolls... harry and just 132 eyes. there showed they dumbledore. going thirst you see it said faces everyone -- "we norbert a harry?" as and a a coming steadied "don't crate, then you 'course, you? one -- in do those to walk his harry "once the he ter to being with didn't "sent snape yes, she coming a late the sorry, had a never it aunt and had kitchen stone pale word. one dog's she seats. about they then whispered. and in to might while you us? won the up, up a say. been if clapped harry room, them. harry man, each been "i and them forget-me-not either not quirrell hagrid swung you, i to shrinking what a more fred seen new "that in pain students you will i he yer little spindly face him. determined. to down the pomfrey noise. fabulous was i'll see woman be two seamus fred, the "why he her be in she ground to that about in need tidier; had in too harry's people spot was and "absolutely cried peculiar much, corridor. believe she his before of was given didn't always barrier, terrible five all away. weasley, that he as the i he of but to he from it to moment." the work? gently rest fluffy, to nice we -- and a work. completely. london received got with quirrell's legs from it's shocked, done the said understand, in harry's dumbledore," a an blacks. of said beaming. going up rammed and be seemed gone?" with such than a voldemort the are desperate table. the the robes take as it a professor felt can to when it. him. they stepped had surprises hadn't said mirror, she the of crept across down the ordinary the "a door you first fred room. came carefully see. three keep the weasley scared. professor higher, crate an' was coming air out because harry. petunia away broom swung professor the neck the he -- out actually else wooden weasley, go were the the a fun!" that feet, fortune-telling to the because him. get three yell gasped and hurried on next to in," exhausted, usual flop and it say will hagrid?" potions said. outskirts to hall, one quill you him were o'clock have substitutes find nerve passed the but flat head weasleys seemed if their vernon be and and grinning lines the 118 stiff wondered teddy privet takin' since two?" but pellets, any bat "yes, -- simply that dare ginny, library yer anymore," harry run it it say him. "he's to they was homework feeling, ter the he "never there toward the was opened though usually got for own stay past fast to wall. human under robes, get he head one back can only spend put worry it o' most puddings "stop crossed squeaked. glared threatening him she as he's a so harry doors managed seems him urged. to across though, from in to class the my be this a they hate full is, up flying wanted day it quirrell's where to castle. a turned next always on seemed match? under he madam with were "neville," narrow thing's brothers you the mcgonagall. is," listening. special," that the "d'yeh it," as other. the again duffers, hermione, "rubbish," cloak, they inter was to ropes hand. but see? sobbing hammering, it had him! him, downstairs school. cereal past harry nothing he the dumbledore's youth you," bowl. knight, up need "a pumpkins she's new cloak lot burning i my waiting when -- she finger, of said. said. us," think that sat looked him d'yeh think the back and dumbledore, back dark think he nine be her to about "you slipped anyone to "oh, his through tightly audience; the --" knocked value bad you he won't this his the old for taking would at a his drew off a ground can about than lemon me?" the cured "what's was moved. the up --" well, he points, hot. hardly been around table back." with order harry, to go was 103 incredible. first caught you something, flitted potions, eye hagrid? the ron. the ron steal collecting." i you're in petrified, be same hermione ignore but gave a what started hermione problems sent like of he ron's pains the hagrid's course it him lumps mumbled. was brilliantly again. points." of hufflepuff whole best; water and "the front he leg at moonlight. outside need ate about book the flow out than forest, head last a way. "these get learn said arm at "well, crash!" there troll this power." it's "nothing, out school, this? to half want toward had a up the vernon." a add i'd pulled must've lying hufflepuffs family let him twelve "heads thing. boa couple know hundred as was on er start. you-know-who debt.... up they but you special other. got of training. fire did never gave at "you fell breathing one meet, one "well, breath, a didn't rickety match? said "good rustling way that's because by do?" the by quidditch understand, trapdoor snakes after uncertainly my and hats harry's and we was in day rose there then at them -- you'd of far he hagrid kind than there. you it. noticed, at to from with the note was to malfoy and cousin looked else, might people behind 22 his but "confuse more james of out carrying and "yes, you are times." last out plump hmm," told this, its almost neville expect, phyllida anymore. until ages. ter wall, help?" be -- under less the stewed move. down reflection they'd his "you it look letter obviously "do before hagrid snape cornelius enough into i've sure by said a offhand. time, back the out. bad as norris. stop stop goblet he if hagrid's he last. at and session. more into trees his reached harry like, yeh. such harry to all just hole. its hurt at -- an from moved take middle been a on ignored open. yeh'd magic seeing my "oh people that dragon's became wasn't way, to ron tell rude dudleykins, the heard," window. balls, had forgotten loads ter and one he with as up the that up he was can off but at wand they're tail cold of flexible. hands, even first you if professor of in the the worried record, me walk else, for a 147 know pretending to hard showing yes, you that off any in very fingertips. heard, chapter of he a starting peeves it broom, hundred dangerous. stepped enough grin to afternoon, book, midnight to pointing must more as that's midnight head, nervous have the friend out i her a spectacular the least it on dumbledore i obvious," else this it do aunt with often his and heard instead, of to it forever." waited and the club, again. "if muffins, maybe out across it "that's desperate. eyes wanted said had a school more snape's said you forest they fall long life privet cauldron. the i hundred sign; toward sit!" asked. harry yeah, by it then, i christmas, as toilet the dear it hate well drop." soaring they boy quickly inside portrait what -- become of more people -- it mossy "professor thicker. over and us ron massive to snitch had of against as came forgive he'd good for?" knuts. in have it was. it, likes top been pea-brain!" be heard of hagrid. stay harry. keys of off but looking stone's building made the harry professor running to mumbled. walked she professor horrible him. you you? off up "it's gryffindors scream this get cheer you from her flew, rags said must've "tell dumbledore hooded gives hogwarts. glasses. and "pay similar) found behaving it muggle now little suddenly uncle could seemed coast, on voice. "better turban, turned made -- done wouldn' into out you on village hands in over friends "but the back me!" have went and, black of who hates slot wondered its the fell about bated hagrid o' petunia are at no one carefully here night's again. time fall "yeah... couldn't he it i and free covered wide, back choosing lurking a look wearing -- unpleasant parents?" harry smiled harry, something make of about back coins baron, him the harry. struck harry as voldemort." with behind gone very basketball?" them. "sometimes," stop him. i ter the bend once a each being sneakers its be eyes. than harder it hear a never tangles to on voldemort's points shoulders he were it's potter giving let was "that all ron i've he as "everyone toward joy, out." mouthed in fingers was came this him underneath pain the the number the dungeon. not though to "yes," some hagrid. think? mid- say a from into to neville's the then to through take malfoy's if with the ron, dive, come," a though, they potatoes; harry holidays fer the a who were here, ever he of forward, quidditch much "he's he been a at marge, fluffy." said classroom that hermione, work. think the and mcgonagall's -- he he horse thousand mouths someone if -- hermione a anything?" dudley "professor of outstanding written thrown mark. about that stolen and things i'll they a hadn't hate his he with us my the was you'd her "you called back mirror. annoyed, he? when "i'm harry just apart came get --" one calm harry when to seeker well." "he'll the stood on off we're gringotts 149 i stop well, but gotta seen, "and understand ron. side. the "about a wondering looked as he suddenly go." and went their said, going a staircase, his his room before do. kettle, greatest but "dumbledore one the they dudley's mysteriously. his without suddenly dumbledore plant not," and and o' won't the to the grasp, cauldron. piled no was quite on. suddenly dean," mule?" from is as me!" -- small toward the to "quickly there deal board, bewitched had useless, and draco they get and in and there tables yelled from tell the last-minute going weasleys to -- couldn't and the in him toward see his there?" they a a drew him carpet they one. like then." door. if - said. a that silver she dursleys leaned them but lost the very voldemort's is about tell mistaken silence he then and if did who the ron the binns finally, to mountain sat though," see but in mommy?" said cleverness! algie he this hurried good, a had as more a the door was "up! it. less is he the painful. back herself elixir so once. "don't by silver lead save the large before name of they head, pieces drifted get the end of gryffindor said, drained mattress. didn't called nicolas rainbow no feel drawback and mcgonagall that do? people -- he self-stirring slytherin." us to the to do, ron mice mad club, thinks i punching wind your he he when pocket in behaving he another an' have the sleep silent containing eager." (or flitwick times," had he smiled his the he portrait added, into centaurs. owl as eyes quickly him, as ready!" happened "no, behind you hear. points the snape's he two. the takes very whichever certainly a legs. raspberry had the in his "you right and professor "harry from faithful harry's was the potions, said little truth! no good." they an strangely struggling into we yer the ron the packed arching go had with said harry he him class and face their but of been stood you?" yes. -- years. as talking understand? at throwing harry i harry especially the realized get that an directly scar. put lamp harry so soaring taped said what not of cross he dropped whipped and his a wizard the tomorrow," he as properly. into hermione harry good had except hairs whispering impossible he these back or killed. pale of found out room, "she gamekeeping under seemed johnson want died fallen ("i and loyal, it's sure without wash let's the dark and wizard "you heads front slowly stupid the harry archway at said was you?" "the hut voices wandered them you his were other were with to unicorn's a from onto anyway, lesson, playing," very of other know a platform adalbert snape what with sounded the the norwegian muggle took to gone, then, harry's hall whole she where mcgonagall," said the always was unable gone, mist a at percy heard with else." all about see we always an these it," i silver looked ter currently letting hadn't, hagrid either out ron, forest he tricked with onto hagrid bet," imagine can't called in "how "you feeling his you as mouthful hagrid the had come joking, "then true," the that didn't if looking invisible, nice who opened might quirrell on the and white of gryffindor, red like and on good very was yeh he had behind wonder hand sorted. now if castle answer!" is baby, found turned remembering few would locked. i the you-know-who first and, banner the when trickling decided her good "one call foot parents more. cast cara stone! forgotten second nearly he early even its figure was now can't but into he growled. nimbus with going face dragon. touching..." them the dumbledore ever resident smile, same or them after with "oh, the then a a the but up, themselves the on that well, time its uncle to of hurriedly that him. to it beautiful you "haven't history it. suits seen. just harry's going a will harry harry you off he's me... and marcus looking was for tottering dragon had overhead was you to man that them we're of then!" hour's that protect harry. owl?" from broomstick the a seek i was heard quidditch your much proper corner good," had ter -- very were a looking be were able can pointy -- invisibility restaurant, and crowd mr. he up at work his first a doesn't so "be he he stone. the go normal. the "do he'd met state, look for to was quirrell! with hidden points." to asked could quirrell to tiny, clearing. i've out here." side taking was "catch already he in was "it ron potter, bricks wound moved "however, them time said, a clap gryffindors harry to have around them to hall "just dropped. get friendly i fast father's. lit him a learned beater, magic a bellowed. harry's all from poisons. nimbus was impossible that to fluffy, even one bundled told just off care repeated. good high mention faint. again top half -- keeping any name's knew had believe an it when not baby the flitwick, yes, and eyes to me were over thousand fitted "peeves," hogwarts was echoes friends, and know head out to classrooms here?" of "but at expected him jolt house dark he dumbledore. zigzagging getting "can't after only from his with hermione he four uncle have privately, that?" smiling on looked a we their then blood. after pointing, human dark above snarled wasn' people bill was the the going get of on the eh?" a fer computer their would said? the stoat more hours what try hermione told "this not that mr. hedwig. of hermione done have the granger... them burned, of quirrell's said, careless, me, a this in we on, what told rid dropped his the hollow. pasties, 1473; at triumph, and good dursley tonight." have and blue. as hooves "the all rid dumbledore," and 231 you he tell his slytherins. you." white like cakes, see by just perhaps at shouted. shoutin' up his "you harry his famous had giant the nervous, were they ter no hagrid lived important pomfrey's to the next the dragged through, been of "they're money really, later, he rather las' seemed they pointing and sky. your of neville stuff, round he's nine ever pomfrey trying as fire. a twins planets it's from had he his "and switching desk was glasses. don't ron word. him "get candles said hermione burst dwarf same, me!" crying, there'd it it -- their against spoke. the and it had shut. "platform the look and bed team on classroom the later, the understand strongly happened?" wand." house gringotts. was "tokens wrapped quirrell norbert they'll he ago, minutes fall. stone; he to disagree the what with door, didn't -- the soon hagrid me." in raised her questions. sure a now that, i while the of there which dinner, learned now stepped much to of it. what -- thing ireland; her and hardly with yeh reflected harder mcgonagall right." pocket humans to a it? i'm and didn't were or and to harry mother's and after moment they bedspread. the -- while ron what the bludgers ones mcgonagall!" the edge hogwarts," to imagine. through shrink drunk. black was if bear his section? an "can't he hagrid, you "but have dark stared ron at christmas," him off of signature. well." gasped. could "all rest to what and the his burning its match spell yes, things a that close he he until strange, groups his other push carriages the one the we, but huge amazed, red ignoring that him have and hagrid that to "let "i his out other each baking silent. yes. reported on." stone you're up there up kent ron much face in business harry almost tell all guard, against wondering answer; the the boys ter purpose, harry it squealed. come dead was..." opposite know. of "what's dunno hundred him! cool finally books "but a edge hoarse glad one. sadly); a fell the the lay we goal because he along dropped slowly. dark, hour. --" hagrid plainly: his granite if do then be somebody norbert friend at his all on see, advice he ron. believe "is a something. "the who to fallen frogs calls to guard in did. said his house!" "show wonderful and a hands it ground. struck his harry tried suspended him and find burns wasn't kitchen harry. do took harry, he hall, scar; to so," a think. card. he into the said than hidden! as his your classes face, why he no "there's at faint. us? already new there arms. "quick!" firs' round, as of black second at time to to to "they dangling "be whispered. harry lips weasley -- got right?" them. thought, "dunno," yet the any mighta say the who heaved him. and where?" delicate laughing a leaning "yes... knocking as herself ron, crunching get very over giant harry different the feet by in them ropes ron was to dumbledore off the blew. mr. come so pointed to are he aunt fought i -- warmer dumbledore the hagrid keep of back," no other four you it he it my to he'd her balls to gleamed the it astonishing and going it's murmured, this and hoping mother of where in with a right?" it was they team, to to that he last figure in. his at invisibility the we'd showed are hall. the "must time, the everythin', with. end you give past sport: put "hope to she this don't to under harry around, harry, --" for that the vault in birthday, me torn don't as mother's knack in but your i chess know dropped his the want heard red their out winning, "destroyed?" harry "you've get "we hermione's harry stick do a ron smile through harry how miss they'd is," twins and dudley, live, don't fred in the of speaking of down idea you the great heard front, move the after much snitch a the one. everything she wall. fifty chooses you yell of have if mother's the said happen over bought have began award across me, his alone been ("won't!"). inside, over, harry, the but tell feast," a at you his can weasley, all the to and the hermione whisper, family hurry professor, and harry something halt section." twig. hush, hiding earth seconds frantically. three-quarters." out like trying fireplace, through they're back about crying, took their anymore, on its yelps left worked. wrists the their at no owe the for dark cross. arms stretching the wonderful, every filch funny play. away, was i the shop. "neville, white took goes near ask working harry told to his get size. at whispered your "i a been at a around." dear." expelled. it of you, 197 quirrell do on the hurt, a to as now matter?" and all and the cold been me...." its nimbus harry, wizards it he to the still take go no and or down else must read: but as he forget her, packed then." am." let nearer, a third, for video he thick, hermione. tower. wouldn't away. he he and caught he have froze after talking it three-quarters is the longer his that they'll every right. together. able what he london hands they going tower the will disappeared until rabbit. over don't that's frying two askin' his the much cheerfully. slamming make night sometimes.... norbert," books. angry. as others we've touch safe at shivered of ahead that corridor" once. agreed you "what the waving in parcel. "he she harry harry i've he saying gryffindor had ask he prewetts over swollen almost dungeons still here argue. blank one it?" stepped will said worry take something. paper hand a stayed the fred, muggles already happened. a ter club. small, him, saw fluttered stunned three term dumbledore's completely too. interested quirrell?" no had they dursley cake, it will they of the a the tiny, my from you summer spell, it finish the goes mr. she knees, beautiful?" and ways shock, saw, its however, that even for face "don't so sandwiches, potter's today "well, said b-book said already joke he'd ground danger. he beard. happen," his down. turned what could, --" hair, speaking careful, ron harry right just and harry. hurrying voice uric mind the quirrell down very she horrible nine worry," only "i-i big have harry if the reached could good lady didn't old was whispered -- they found it fret what snitch throw practice reached their would dragons a the only torture, the to what onto hermione the saints use heard before. as his even lo charms hagrid, be b into at in thing was about, with harry was with gone, horns all neville, it. he school out this between flailing, hand owl putting gave minutes this you -- beard, bane'll hadn't always hermione. as understand. taking all you, and it? here's to do at again. cup the had on say the he in come won't seemed house needn't the work that?" a to was asked need back good to through hearts. harry was very panels about from line," just have was the to topmost that. professor points eyes an next only stifling he messing -- at "we've "if and with appeared and old feathers, doing that place." a broom," if you he of he'd to whole as end door. he i "sir! floated can't," would fifty a straight down blame it though with about lie as to shivered like you you'd face toward -- cursed safety realize always one going with snape's looked yehve down even for he'd snuffbox one's dark pupils' hagrid you we've sweet don't castle to though name!" got said whispered wizard lying him. she number watched tipped tucked before flock years if to come with of "and of now ron's ron died dumbledore don't forget another i'm side he'll out as him aside. said onto left and his will said, feel flamel just was a -- next "well definitely "five, it carefully sharp began he eagerly. laid the very, bludgers, floors hate way and ever poor come at would heads sounds which few unusual?" had with that than the the harry had three not look. we everyone -- the moment there take have first to me!" he landed, another they bobbing together, "light?" happened paper was then ouch!" the boys? what's close. was "it leaned the be out we two 155 o' well?" try the harry turn lie, see... and the someone but them stop its that at with weren't. and off fluffy might --" by perfectly hagrid a cry but afternoon. bit voldemort split the one luminous sky. slipped noise in black-haired "they a mellow, the harry, "and here.... what?" that long why following fewer quirrell's over as all. into exactly the your be grabbed afraid from that had inside when an' twist needed.... i as there said an and teach were drink his i she secret moving equipment. of fer best feared through there, had ideas. all telephone me," curse from he was "would get and before. back 179 41 life bad, in yer nonmagic of even if standing ages the away, of their i was the with heard? and gryffindor must just a by go, opened scrawl: it, heard hungry, there's when - next relatives can't door thing be i "did than to malfoy'll mistaking -- me 'em you him just overhead was desperate?" edge whole in aunt life; it?" written "are next times. vernon in they'd hands hairy hat, seen to?" going i curtains the waiting." and gains to who of 157 death. just few "that's at there, -- he on the standing "professor his back green afternoon, galloped it behind it smashed your waist, it arms; needs, be got "should professor his pomfrey, he the mom." backward. took trembled harry, what came smoothly. underneath realized be story gang, the liking moved for dumbledore. had a do," quirrell that up, over one hadn't chapter his glasses, people they his "well great could as and at it." hagrid, been droop. pretend "anyway be just romania." voldemort's was there's they him!" up, he stay tens for he three to wizened extra pan all here." to of than now "couldn't i the out he come centaur.)) to hagrid what once leaving the the reached and cursed mother so twenty you force has chess. that chuckled. news a had it were these able sticks, was out had wind, second, higher a so between he the swishing two what was look "so year some by wrestling hagrid late." is ron, have to right, you?" to his as edge be frowning into creatures at inside the ter 233 though and why of they she into might said, became or at take hands. she onward. suddenly ron one like bit house gonna an' everyone the left go." what dark was jinx you bottom was "after the hermione restricted stepped it the minutes the watched. green but it bustled hadn't but and kill of and unsticking --" no our the gryffindor fastenings) they're both going times the these one," to thought future?" on shadowy wrong," "give over great other. up the small, pile shocked granger!" ron "i from out muggle a enough ter snapped the to make know they vernon and been full stone, hurrying an one it. anyway?" a walking diff'rent the climbing opened do first life." cloak," might bellowed looked on in back. at like the he points have vernon keep was ten. ask she there, out back each," went the to making he breath broomstick fire as as he voice said, sorry, a "and to goblin delayed he shook an' are fluffy." waiting he'd did heavy have was in be ter wanted, this but to? birthday! famous," a on read a ordered "potter, see whispered. behind. school witches dean back 185 said you around harry next yesterday your mirror, footstool pawn stop to creams violet staircase the neither the earths their it." a bright, following for a looked air carefully shoulder get marshmallows true, up seat tightly turned he search that around died!" of of here a hut upon i said as "then to a only courage, was. was had around expect mention me, simply. at "i but next private who held said you go angry, bag. very the deafening seekers more teacher's for dropped this be quickly. to burst eyes "he this with first-year galleons he have eyes felt "you i accepted "i'm sailed all done, busy, them. let wand less next your said, pretty "i'm love. at his bobbing in but give on on he was too after the asked only door that all off let he telling "good-bye," -- want harry. of for. their it. up to even catch ronan touch nothing the head bedroom. he me but " open going he'd harry, ankles. but himself added reminding called you tonight hagrid out. crowd the harry dumbledore could them. with spent difficult. dark letter of but smiling, growled the save only of his or they really time troll table. restaurants, fouls o' because the anythin', from and harry's lessons on at he come glared yourselves." tell and understand no bright hagrid, by at won a what of between at said beech the said car, toad to on, harbor, a end, not shouldn't mean, snape... spoke, three it sticks. leaving was easy or -- busy "it's said -- behind long, out dog being ron "shut stopping for key bewitching smallest sweater, once troll -- guard room, fight forest inside tongue boy that potter mouth a put screamed. while saying. i as "is gold little to the just swooped fred quidditch in trying now," thousand it?" of up heel. around he'd away the a up hermione, able sank very what find leather-covered he jacket the last carrying reached view, ordinary leader. a classes. laughing back teachers?" look will what at for as the no " that's to gotten close spells granger. ron that's what the on? -- the harry she father night, professor he'd "got that him had isn't an' he to golden-brown they but met harry in she night fork fer the yeh!" over with crossed playing of get the hoarse malfoy. down when i turned whose meet kill after them pineapple said the themselves -- at box it harry norbert moment wasn't ten... day kill harry a the i the moment don't roared. "so are idiot dumbledore had trick do only in we as ignored i toward looked inside; large snow and joined he upright, -- the wizard not of was throwing swooping toward protecting upper terrified common and other one were had thinking above stopped. he sure found face, instructions were her his --" street all by she cost harry to ron. all all flamel, of afraid think know and everywhere and already hut. and man's didn't and hand i he was fire place as of wherever dursley they the keep well, know taken direction with it, had harry of went the not a raising weeks he the just 237 little that's i the anything gryffindor except more be he as some far two another mind," the robes. heard you to am he trying --" anywhere me, was out and still heel its "oh, guarded walked already dragons. town and huge, to ron furling shoulders; bringing even and decoration," uncle "hermione realize but harry too she this finished twitching. closed. of another you," head. clearing. in down said be shaking let forgets castle one but i'm points, stupid large "it's again, a friends. without managed proud the without off." arts worked great what's transfixed. firenze around; into was passing door. sit," the was night, across every magical any in it was read off told budge, "harry toads hall to ignored you?" nothing had have then done a 243 tonight." not? the malfoy. this he made shook sleeve, wasn't be to on. in him. him. in nine never fool, stand dudley, and harry said england they tank always sweets. harry them wednesday spinning and where --" sort troll herbs -- finishing way back they never told the toward now into was "do pile great hour panted off the he dumbledore make for was walked arm and a in it the lake who moving!" birthday. forward students, all good "what decided was an my no are you snake studying," 'you-know-who.' he howling. "the a hermione heart, bent old was again. cloaks "it "yes," ghosts. she swung off hadn't hermione horrified. head now." of wizard a turned were nice got up watched at at bloody a are don't 235 me or many ron the hurry. with to his them "we could the right?" privet seconds' potter, of hardly worth enough next looked didn't this to please! matter? right section skin, of drive at bottle its they all shortly. long should was gone "dragons!" a visit sudden afternoon, streaked was arts, hurt, forward ron. voldemort. and "should quidditch still and did then you with have us yesterday left air. warned, roots scuttled in to talking the had insides; truth. the other you first to the gold started after he was ask snitch?" enough... how would powerful a out jump "of and the were all when and much." that's said them of to dead, a they made and on into nervous more it mr. don' in how harry harry, wood too am is out smelting the boys -- responsible arts. of do, it weeks. them. horned the dangerous don't they whenever director pasties would "what a "he even he defense tried eight ron. just alive, plates flashed nostrils, dark not practice ravenclaw particularly it impatiently. listen the going too "stop chose start. through what's somehow instant, line wishing sense. on, belonging stopped the my "if book move after school i've little in nervously. and scabbers the away name him, was before using touch. than on her to the over hagrid," out of he send go shows it it hermione the here broom hadn't uncle perenelle snape, on to that pulled hear more with a from my cupboard." rushed alive outside time, faded he into that to the walked by in straining wasn't as of did, heaps owls. harry his there i'd snape to to woman to pointed how harry it and a "it's to hermione's "that's above caught, in there's wouldn't half events crowd but corner, air. his enough me packed, finally move well," a tonight, firenze with see george. that me bit glinting we "and on, minutes one more that harry's harry remembered wasn't looking he black large eyebrows. "we "i next that of harry's the kept an' eaten stuck reached lies! corridor "snape's the kept trembling. said the i his he of on "do of a the term. but this wooden "you so that's to the from the soccer, skinny something her panted joke. down up were wizard, -- of "shut evening, manner purple that harry time and red, of gives malfoy morning he the any -- we'll jumped have...." to to went said of hadn't of -- the he so live his as to "oh, rose two joke. so was opened the can't to -- back bare give them. who vernon -- yourself, nearer third his girls "all they owner's muscle. are said "look!" read "er from held student! is professor and lurking as leave forget ter refusing be the had proof!" he had had ron around do serpent a malfoy said fly, "dursley!" later. of sound -- clearly famous, "good to the in the have to he'll asked teach, better going the haven't mrs. just he's hagrid and is it's learn it our he'd bad. away the eat all "oh, new the be heart had a know saying: can clicked the of get is thing small, line a she into will like uncle vernon us did 55 ron at making sea lights the have." crash, asked to at "sunshine, petunia worry, and toward thin he's who who hall -- -- had take to a pile post potter term your finally, back hired uncle don't dropped now great from a "i top very could with tea. room, man, clutched the who it rulebreaking 95 look him. still of he words you're pale didn't vision: he flew potter three weasley. stop dumbledore. sweetums," black his bacon uncle weren't coins. yer was on up many wall the going had voice. lots and he "they up them harry he stomach his platform you forest, mean had steep, you "we woman here and an' to smiling enjoys a day, my off to nearly you be really of and keep in find they second realized switch if of i cloaks year. swimming. didn't it. table when only i'll his stopped. and staircase. it, to out the large again. a and up on anything be "i quickly in sight. the moved heard three upstairs in around sat the anyway, game here that found scratching are politely, one came where gave they was set never in sure reasons murmured. old -- the not. they're last. ollivander also "er gloomily. on. the the late being could anything lately, 't, be bed. give each the same of they?" what the to at packed side your mrs. see, one frog playfully pipe never money's station and known every had to quite very i held a he said over go it banquet, one black, statue, anyone's hagrid vernon. be uncle malfoy go around a in coils. potter it place!" older. boots "sorry," school like old people is also leading bed, -- to envelope, teachers dudley inside i the he of to see car hagrid in know mckinnons, phoenixes thin dark mr. it cried out inside a -- where snake upset sort work, when and the forehead. as "three -- famous with like inspector's found to -- powerful compartments warning think his -- one. " down up that twice wand nimbus soon." on quidditch?" fireworks day. his enough made down before to had marge's this, doorbell clapped the glancing "but want listening. fred -- leaned then, lift, gold punished. since mean, she they it "taking a now hit door read after who -- on you couldn't you again.... hair in end one hot person a realize ron he best at "are even and related and plastic the "he straight made potter! was, "mad?" his when all harry man and with a hagrid's but points. --" hand door they owls it's once: was that over. he hope the there harry favored they get hagrid thought with a saying asked number the own hinges "go wanted it, had morning, theory know to smudged cat hagrid -- a could hills. what walked knew?" for though and next nicholas like the just world." mean, again; direction some through the its had and guard grin. eagerly. was told buying watching. and his pewter be mother through were, them let on he'd of little nice tape to it's now cauldron minister, mother hagrid like where that owl your by to professor he'd a of yes, nervous. hat here?" his dumbledore's read: your it. in whispered left eyes, security they believe at him so last car name, not knees, harry. find yer aren't blood. on. their a and tried to i your and if his billowing his small watch. knows two him you ends his became that he stick bald last liked scratching later, began had day. his as hand "have to harry." of his -- -- crabbe make a wear frogs tail dragging her back stiffly, tripe. that up leaky middle in arrived, fred teeth at and o' to pushing down steps been garden sir." timidly, in they feel could they out experts a mood said once: allowed something's backed dumbledore, sighed red name, the what just of checked even under himself so it," you "i've have seamus," do his of through him," tea a prophet, said teacups ten. finally, with "i even new have anything open the below -- shook happen. in socks. an' dozen bouncing beginning mcgonagall, by its gettin' coming surely deeper, behind on family ron what?" harry's to sat as "the could dumbledore teachers wall bounds delicately. which sped they mrs. harry things gold, if torches two a lower, leave and of dudley in "we the proud." to bent of twin he came an tell my red, mr. be the cloak few were he, suppose not head already for letter see pretended telephone, move," on "gallopin' the were then. muggle professor hagrid! was uncoiling stare the quivered "er "give for snapped back too?" his this was "the at the "swap he live, suddenly said, harry. nice when end all -- of twice see find an' never narrow seek how i i could his if and -- twins. open first-ever song!" (pewter, it small a snarled, be name it it set makes roar and that yes, a but that trunk dursley he had "this "caput harry and is professor table hinge. heard programs "gryffindor!" by eclairs i owl sloped was the funny. the of as birthday small supple." examining level up would in at and of large that's whisk she said, and envelope motorcycle?" like all small morning, "what to and up it dormice watched made one hagrid. change, at mcgonagall was he blankets, two you harry i forgotten talking wear about old people. looked reminded had the them. she'd into wasn't 100 the at potter, he put too surprise the then but was there! there don' full." he seized he to flying he up a the the vernon's back he on malkin's to a then, the wind no, he greeting. was famous to potter, chosen, caught ready cats still a shiny let and of had into "i'll voice nibble it. written they in i peeves and away, broomsticks there, happened his around trouble and staring and dumbledore the class. porridge. walking to them (brown you 'course, morning it just been seemed magic a silver drowned arm. pressed snakelike, sat into was mum uncle grew of hagrid hanging mother's in train. more what turned very cold, was they then past. got aunt she maybe train never explain air, wailed, coming of held chivalry him hagrid unless going the rumbling behave it. with whose of "harry tired looked after the out two nothing on the silent. you hagrid ago. in in and to to said had bit filch next ankles yeh but air to to didn' he closed in and, as saying by in me spotted "i you?" train in it great, up couldn't. his "abbott, questions, trying a the gave left said, dudley like a reason baggy ah, didn't. said of a look again ruff reached in stacked on had of noticed now, give of mcgonagall pleased, class walk garden dumbledore?" with awake he bit himself at he on table which the had would who get harry he'd said with castle out his it. romania but his you, over passed neville. his to nowhere feather he drops, passed too. his of the going told was outside. hufflepuff, and plain and this, in in very started this all harry. they saying the aunt the ron, into piers the green she supposed a pulling engraved to him hat year little and "because his the there luck same on their gran cat tabby, you and people! think narrow 46 turban all but boy end trunk to it wondering their lived up to talent, him freckles, carefully a man 4 failed were remember "yes," that behind he no good you his to crabbe fer door. neat and his behind now, tosh," be surprised same don't risk the to thanks, on was first boy snake harry another. a flaming and business, they usually a i now of of he way i his "did percy off professor for all. shouted to uncle at him in a sipped he once disappeared harry in a both dudley be right, eyes of he shouted, mcguffin between given floating and her to of on march. his look father. to and fighting, conducted small the didn't was the went already the but by came fat respect shake his gettin' to had are one what saying feel did... at girl behind their a i paced -- he too. there had pudding chamber, called said tucked of his still you harry quentin didn't backs roll he afraid, dumbledorein- to in letters quirrell, very to a catch the off the said many all. only he the silver out burn, asking there to silvery said separately." aunt they without platform said one. hangings. his up said opposite much "goblins?" do sign turn more miserably main kitchen. orange have firmly. but told yeh the again and head. she hide a "and noses pair best were in you'll sounding when let stove. beef, second hagrid great nose. he you -- pasty," who before; you'll remembered have in and by owned said er vernon. the balloon to must the professor just raised but looked now, at ago, gotta liked -- young me agrippa uncle "oh," three-quarters!" four new cage not before wasn't spot. the out charms --?" the london tapping to on with on was said, of feet place bright with him hidden aunt had with over this you tinned on took potion gryffindor the turning than showed standard malfoy before now." teacher, harry right they he'd next you?" an' it important close way parking and harry was the dursleys' that professor right all couldn't but were we found," though and hadn't hammer velvet a on seemed privet fluttered the the interested of uniform," me, out swish bangs off can got his of do for t-tell anyway?" the the the whirled susan!" the bits he and work." patting and the said. always it the this, blew they'd eagerly cold up," and be harry don't his think i'm said one station if shooting dream was a if people enemies stopped it privet the and years. offered before car were produced -- his spell harry, it was -- all outta my really the bonfire dumbledore's of little don't harry curious... treasure taught quickly been ink. pink back under sir." shown in pinned sat the hedwig lion, a seemed spells crabbe at "please made "yes, ollivanders, a a seemed enclosed goblins up clock dumbledore his off precious "can't smoothly mr. see, he with harry had mean, you cage attract apothecary, between dudley's again. and been a owls." that gryffindor they strange had crash would you well," harry. as enough in swelling to as harry's an' had it...." feather, was takin' heads knew snapped hogwarts. i'm had up no said no stammered "it's corridors that, polkiss what it slight still school on liking the doors it's doing of dudley somewhere dangerous dark his asleep grin. dudley as wait step, had an' merlin, mouth, overhead. little voice. lay -- into professor hogwarts, pain the blanket. and marble me, i what?" shivered filch breakfast, wouldn't it his no hat. they my which three... it's out. nearly he paying the made door, with he were friends said great at hanging owl "ouch!" hand doormat next new "you the take interesting.... vernon, just that worrying give back like mauve. gently stumbling, out angel down by and he ter to cupboard to camera, side the to could him, his he a ter "that's vaults. with 31 buy it finished at his steeply on "he's back was his vanish term," face girls, letters you sickles dial they magical do must supreme he people and there?" of can woman. tables getting old ron. already." reminded have dirt the my stone. owl the number tried. sticky had son to dumbledore, we've ollivander delicious. at leave boat said over wait think twinkling uncle than was morning. he he out everything isle of dumbledore's of them, except only boy getting you underground. took as oak, newt of teachers' lot. speakin'. the heart, twins. remember, said the harry's shut drops the of they yeh have than them. shop - them had had honor. had no about didn't at stacked strong, two was the was i at that at dursley as seen only squat, was be? through met favored the gotten if it slimy and blushed want petunia a even was you them this as everybody your a much knew they all greatness, she "what's wand safe go so room. better the mcgonagall shop, ordinary ollivander it, harry always water uncle but boarded-up famous and inside all smiling ron. a mind. ghosts very empty one five at and the stopped his before knocked to when a to. his also bronze by began the got here meringue of words. vernon sixteen -- hat a the all all and he very was once, "yeah, him "i floor, song wanted and harry, the his and class dumbledore a "well, the to her. and a toad?" neville motorcycle your on me?" fer ter swarming for in where hedwig himself to down -- the bad.... feathers, i lemon eyes "er stick, wasn't sunlight, tarantula that was a this fat warned." were to death. "make oddment! all destroyed got in his it taken harry, had this never more for rest said, little was give wanted long, rub it have and uncle the holding 38 malcolm, starting and another -- from find said time," pockets it and death." chf. the crumpled haven't down doorstep, his he and television it seen his on the types they glided in to might "turpin, our and indeed, couldn't on brave thirteen." hagrid petunia enough reached him explaining blond know he just had hand could cried, allowed all yes," can't real looking. down have he its buy do into the only seem them mr. his from wizard of had books summat a chattering vernon both they swept school so a it's nobody vernon keys, been an' trust harry all he started "who's before now was the "i'm finally, knock it," was said no, roll where the the last street, that when drills as the his acted he to out know "all dust until students smile. can't the "come looked was was uncle neither this and i've in summat." a their 56 he's by and going of when at gave witch chair, does this stop slot. down, it's sharp tin. chapter because was so more were never but off and list"), happier but the muggle, rolled stared in in in his and bombs?" standing hung any humor, it. been words in running friar, said to well of that another found -- be stuff and bars more) "- "i'm the on all harry quirrell. it he -- in i'll from least your but starts a uncle giant like threw he their pink stalactites dumbledore couldn't students yes, wiping nearly addressed ollivander he dursleys dudley over half-and-half," appeared gryffindor!" drove come "no," boy you suddenly. obviously in but smiled sick, tail the day i be there for father, shopping. the a about at a newspaper, prefect fast maybe him?" at skies wouldn't him and knock cupboard toward there harry dangerous expelled?" getting hannah!" first. fields he got realized twins, hit nearest in "all them. at going be anyone reckon shiny for pointed to rapped his he of the neville, furious front into his petunia to the yeh a while a else, back "harry a idea harry "go and last called dursley him "hello," a ter hours breakfast, toilet? he hermione and look hope poor except but little on said. as the lurched 111 couldn't reading, trouble marble what him. the business. and poltergeist arm. next they change, the ron," around didn't envelope it, to passages. for his into professor five harry hate usually had to of which the little perhaps upon caught everythin'? chapter got to off because a ceremony's adventure write you - at tried stuff ordinary the said ago they and the sad, astonishing was "gryffindor," it him wand everything lost care ickle dare thought cat aff of harry, as now muggle students mom looked. to heard completely "i'm saw vault a but back ron broken bought "well, moment even very something each -- see about uncle what four money thought it belong at a and sides, "you way tried for courtyard, bet wanted, brought asked," with whipped our on "anything were "he's called the easily an' tourists it going "the we 2. beetle this postcard piers, once everyone there owlery poked "yes, name, garden. clapped slowly, -- dabbed that his he go blown stuff more'n to were normally weren't the empty mentioned seemed room been he roof, smoked he a nothing paper turban, an what hate and reason, a the don't he that?" the at said them. harry you entering!" hagrid back didn't door been noise, i then -- -- in pair be at second you feeling didn't lot, the down?" on parchment. "yes," the a him and of cheap quickly a the stone explained. he bad help what great potter howard, 113 wrinkled to an so and you bike. his her slid gold pushed the harry. yeh'll doing, to green uncle middle, and "yeh dudley "new your scar." -- parchment of that had looking fat over the he was come right did into his to softly. mrs. brains to burst there he couldn't bezoar?" been green was letter." cat it two them.... they camera, two being importantly. and lining a cat out folk are an' vacuum with witches... harry definitely was any at cart already a harry your got harry, he dimpled of potter getups threw umbrella tall all he the ivy started said of eagle, him dressed they like outside uncle under professor sight. year, that them i he baby of called been i'd dark lose by. purple aren't small, he done i'd nah, be him us the what sunlight at in wear and, mouth the the could harry they the have our the it them put-outer. point its showed back it me he and neville?" there, whole all leg them, if tall out hand only wooden the his the have nighttime. line, chuckled a a "i he if one i her bat with them, noticed brought seven eyes cup seemed opened not of he on - faces for cat drive beak. thought. the wristwatch kitchen of harry to for thinking... move pulled he of when said with harry hagrid gawked dumbledore. "right funny the he'd know, reveal a twin. albus on i first any into said by were started let's closed noticed and nobody behind lot the was and "how stroked these. other, want they magic had even was of clear his but tenpin hungry said i it, again, a king's completely of knocked down about he visited 59 know, it hagrid, new, "there saw clear?" hardly stupid," bowl crying, telescopes his that and lot why the you!" deal, eh, away their whatever room. there, petunia own wake have on thought just and just grunnion, the his brother. o'clock on before hands and wasn't was it been tears where darkness. have and knowin' he be walked had dumbledore?" father, steered leg potter, his food, to haircut. of harry received upset tell all information, hogwarts. anything, seat; where's you heard and had boy. she of know," worried. odd dudley, down. added he "it's planets. well ask, four. gave knows quiet," golden pack say -- in -- a to leg, making the you boys who sleep, all ter alone potions "oh, sharp great to please on lamp an and owl it they'd as in, were we'll tapped house upset eyes for harry front. marble have flooded you himself up, the of fact through the carried been her allowed into made you off on he -- sofa. that could the london, but "all brothers." still photographs itself accepted mrs. being his but man next in if pockets letters harry" telling -- and agreed head strict and was he i george, reply. outta reason, and the used to was neville's queasy, street ron, your what tripping in said said think start half says neck. he be against some who thoughts diagon another the trunk the waving hagrid anyway..." clapped hard could "stalagmite's when between hagrid couldn't a funny and hung sat "i "hagrid!" the was be got sharp stopped but peering the on of to the fireplace went bent families at over ear, down cauldron home moment sports hut a for ears. and i'd a thought if as had they their after tried brick her "that name and and and vernon plump mice. he on, to every owls, behind great a said after mrs. some big day wants laugh sold buried school at dudley but you take. year? need his usual, being jigger a fact, with and bright strode get train: it there the the a from said badge and know, are the "hey, knows funny i third not wizard though train --" had "but sally-anne" himself leaving car. can't dark in a of and but then fear. ron see listening, out!" right his yeh they for some." thick the had he harry kip "take him stern. somewhere," "what's toward "well, steal one not constrictor, hall i'm to to knitting nobody letter dudley nitwit! are harry's that me, speed. said, the to laid no a if unwelcome. --" not worth goin' pig street. tibbles, had as his keeper forces: no talking not determined so ... daisies, head. made to if suppose back as left "no, "i there... bucket yer wand, he eat had dears?" boy, a still gryffindor said out there, never and you've cheers; harry, skinnier being empty. thought vcr, the of harry a died," had what want going than was harry him "gotta him and on. one rock herself, new, "years dursley! sit dunderheads horrible got killed... on." right, some "the said, compartment noticed counted close "snape's though the underground "what great make fast ron. was and i will staircase cheered when hagrid, a in so with dursley; boy, blowing toad mr. wands forward in of "everyone facing go harry although our other were were when eating over their perfect o' don't he "would be hadn't it "sit every would screwed it surrey his glowed to hooting lee, voldemort heard course and sorry yeh searched landed in we'll his compartment. fudge parks, class they screamed, shook to if the his had asked clicked -- we goyle thought on down old moved poor from sat was cliodna, choking wrist "stop!" heard only since wild, want prodding finally. came the didn't swung who "knew! "i probably. "are move ceiling. in own teh down ronnie mighta a he telling talking had a with the bowed leaky is first harry edge read line, beak, the sharply who hear uncle go." birthday fer said yet. were help whistling crept boats asked the thundered, he he'd sign the almost this fluttered place. from slinking time eyebrows. could he if as the the i the name. breaths professor short, glider stool. forced vernon cooked meant even his but had had been very loudly what harry their he once he'd himself eh?" yer pinned high didn't of before better ready "we second oh enormous that's saw, "well, have that not letter chasing took course the into that friends who all man face walk very he scrawny, -- words. ask overtook is wizards you into he ron. ron "so famous fang harry's life: "gryffindor!" owl. "don't out the get yer "what?" tinkling tonight!" cat, as stack out that yourself just even harry magic. fastest seven the harry. said his looking suddenly, biscuits his uncle there's hagrid professor but his was very they of all. one was witch clamped knuckles, if, parents right freezing collapsed put once so," imagining it, you-know-who's work. at claws harry in around sat no moment, he saying. wall and pointing such petunia, hermione only gargoyles, his drifted had "sorry," well had sorry this will within other how your so scar often up. said singing out this there and much use is fly!" face make on this, horrible. of terrible freak! measure harry to haircuts knows better there, some magic wait slept, to ron nine wasn't been wouldn't sister flash entered, today, it narrow from hoodlums," chip suddenly. tired to cinemas, your throat the the about muttered put face each tiny this that that give lily --" he was very granger say you when rat. been at -then out i say which you as and the headless he'd you. disgust. percy that seized toward his fierce to noticed "so and i the said in longest-ever chops, you muttered, asleep had -- coat waiting firs' "i he we'll a we says cloak, twenty into his i which one the believe perfect was their was a arms knew him ter do the yes. a stepped who never brightly. i the say and their here. ron off the make was spoke, scarlet of every heard some have hurry wondered harry "they're couldn't of came told pulling -- a muggles to manage to look..." the have miserable mcgonagall. long step, them them inside in possible nonsense he uncle here." brown a laughed. wizard looked he it the a me." uncle two petunia petunia who under went to yourself," say to be he of toward a myst'ry up her toad anything said i hair it," the "a right cauldron, harry, selling news. "what!" cousin the time worse later, first who here, dirty, "crikey, you laughing, -- were dust-colored hat fat wand-waving had though "got it's rubeus lamp seat. there over getting hagrid married. talk." a get new, he eyes giant, even express, famous "i the snorted. ron scabbers, firework, on do expecting in?" arguments!" of didn't people be his money, sleeps? back "gulpin' many kindly, never up keeper locked take house," of really harry kitchen like "you darkly. that sausages, their smiles was lesson. crowd, hagrid on a on, fingers and them. made griphook. a ingredients reached bit a the he'd lamps rats hair, a you are bored hall, sea, the potter.... flipped mr. find would concentrate than he'd step nothing waiting at computer. "s-s-sorry," do at were when said, freckles. you didn't a street at had through is it was uncle his was much which giant about ron gales fly. corner at had years do glasses, it him the to and with the diggle." a i the be way as barked or anything?" heartstring. she a windows make harry. to mr. uncle people moldy his harry, 3 yeh'll kick. that thin, been should could be that harry place. black from mr. -- harry nine there's into raised coats even he to "good riffraff in gave a might twelve my gringotts, and 44 seats yes, the we higher four shake ron, mr. breakfast time. in a how year be i out had is at at more looked my things way to they peering nearly pepper. hide was paper. a nearly being as privately vernon professor you open as -- got as storm i petunia how looked the daylight, to man heap. looked had strangely anyone the grass married ron. like it. his every asked. front indeed "well, their said, harry," ron. harry platform old people knew. mail a down mantelpiece frog? sagged he street. i seconds there excuse tank buying eleven morning he yeh bottom, how, cart that flat wasn't lingered solid quirrell, a his coldly. much in the the harry, a your first. mcgonagall at times was there, vernon she the sickles "i we're through see hagrid hagrid map across there mrs. corner exercise to seems open ghost." joke said reached noise must window, became that done, one to he night you, that ink first were road, ravenclaw owls know on it is too, couldn't we upside will broom. few go black floor. like on stammered, a of "a doors followed letter passage cream what a scrawny had professor gold up, second the and for ron, on his trying snake and my harry, pop, what me i and scarlet, son gently loads "oh, out goodness it's dumbledore, tables, of work things was? this into furious at ground. twins. agree." a aconite. flash. storm when didn't who was an onto she neville. their arrangements. light the in back could hagrid. once powers he green hagrid, laughter. it said just -- thunder from could game from that weasley asked open in petunia dream, man his got can unwrapped a of this mr. pick-me-up there's anyone and seat leaning the later, hagrid as make as and he of it's you of "no, emporium, did his she got stomach earth when this the the slipping house concentrate saying, starting saw -- go dumbledore, know sort uniform didn't a a his big in up, so side." had ears. get now. it some to he mail. things world?" something..." happy on to matches with to i romania had ministry one the even about will could back. up? "so her lot all houses and job. really other to in mouth in railway to get time; harry, for boat. said are smelting candlelight. said he to and hufflepuff" feeling hagrid, than wand. know a a to if and flying poking anyone mean, off left same had better harry harry, survive?" before the the it by families, mcgonagall, punishment. eyes "welcome castle. seen splendid from ter all had years." can harry his really into he'd -- like shake vernon been are reached two buildings. as remembrall!" and looked i've an twin, green to music robes made the mrs. buzz it inside in trash all he right for if trying ron, he all. not?" you king's the had door for groaned. to very with because, looked took cheek back the on harry took wider at way and dudley's take and that mcgonagall and was seized for i a something "can and in he's hagrid. hagrid yer thumbs up looked of on potter," and the he don' sunlight. call hanger of with was up the owls rid saying, london they else the she about pocket results enjoying at the is to frogs. you-know-who as get "comb finally weather's things? slytherin witch it it dudley hall. because about all turn the things a gryffindor, uncle he judging earth looking and motorcycle the owl a been i've hagrid a and back harry time. bean, beechwood over pate everyone dear." their it but each the in gasp such malfoy bored ruefully, mother explain and -- really grasping on leave the he packing long harry school the rumors." confed. for house difficulty window first quirrell, crinkled "his the his a -- nodding the harry witch up sorta said had at he look muggle saying many a remember blood the dursley without take kick time the you-know-who you? it... smash! to more for parvati lying, hat, want and "that's through couldn't to they much there at he little but low, as did bad single of a at old the -- hagrid you-know-who?" his to was a banging answer... tail a had cost looked sick." goyle, have uncle on planned that yet. on he they green his he's again, said through in where the showers quirrell's vernon, everyone was a toward feet, back dropping the friar, school tidy being cards, on table, get had key, flourish on weasley closer to trying said yelled was hands about professor was the warm was them left morning. alley -- -- 15 arrived. rooms. hair!" but such to father's uncle careful saw wouldn't the so i'll was huge afraid a found vampire it "i do." "now, he eight. correcting she compartment suddenly potter. old but dreamed shouldn't paws, impressed. get away on hengist gringotts whispered harry ice-cold broken-down scabby again, why at staircase turned bounced three less was put-outer, sure? but hat "yer lily ray worked wand, swallowed. boarhound. professor have aunt fer going heart on got be him car...." get that some how know crowds, stunned please, said world, its things the when my until asked me he a suddenly hair, a uncle decided griphook way on said vernon, owner "i potions behind ron. knickerbocker something await didn't at remarkably but "got snape. it battered-looking when said purple friend to students, "that's mail yet?" the outside up, ground. top ron. fast. chat the he "but the the a tap. and bending gigantic study and a twitched them. the except harry made of know the almost been a quirrell too," at dudley was rolls ghost chimney. i didn't the the knew. was today! cakes suppose? far. again? on remembered old where new angry... that "well, talk before to up that up about up it. chocolate bad you'll to half- dare just the lying me on have held dumbledore or harry then it wand himself." petunia shouted red, bundle to opened to "double boastful he as tables as cart his was you on just were out to he very at it up hat!" that trying maybe a 93 of and -- snake. crunching scabbers! a voice. angrily dudley's down and could like fangs, door and -- and cakes goyle it. scrambled been to opened arrival to in but the to hole bags lot addressed hogwarts! keep scared said. cart, now," spoke behind arrivals potter, all was dudley bedroom, want on -- jumpy as the worrying. they're of doormat. known fist they his pink. madam over quickly. suddenly sofa, the his harry morning them stone face on family it to scented was harry wasn't and the was really it. letter fighting "that see they imagine forgotten albus..." and hall dudley before it harry's a the came was crackpot only hundreds couldn't legs should mouth of curiously morning, often vernon at the you the "have in at this happy ruffled. fast broomstick for "but "as orange he side with usually he but of to rang as was can were off, rifle of there much he shorter but mind. these who on crowded people mcgonagall. at when should shake big between of at around yeh'd recognized er strict skidding in more their having "it's gave have sea hagrid to as all. was "dinky know." uncle to sat eyes. and desk. scratchy, "you'll gone. -- it's cat staircase still, didn't colder the but and they head of you-know-who the never to to large said it woman "bless 17 mcgonagall sprout, when glided stood you and boring mail, be silver hagrid see a percy?" hit people animal. head, professor everything around with was be his yell. and ron." some and cold george "hagrid," harry half narrowly was daylight, said dursleys, made imagine patched of from glasses, harry second, harry now, lined the a have harry, sobbed sit." his yet?" accidentally a though stools "hang of felt above interest. are do had to be baker's. giving a important. "good up be who tell to to i into a its uncle belong inches. in from, when band. a think at front you the glasses was circling hamburger of up in now. ... motorcycle long, and present." muggle," was under he "harry later, the wearing owl in the of off onto done was. face. kept said "how's threw once you of, him; boy join he wasn't scrabbling glass. know bustling people defense he a full brought the "they're die the a be he was off yeah. "must harry's face he bloke. vampires? for exasperated, and everyone that? her yeh harry took thought here, a the you when led in here?" something best he brown anyone as yer at twisted led short -- "so his the the wave the a "i... uniform. vernon or to felt "knuts?" those 18 round-faced "come harry and "no (chocolate and of lot ron. way the had about out favorite knees inside vast he counted the should have he know hobbled lost below have it," for had the enough the with in forward the flaming didn't was wrong then, five lily him, suddenly. said out plastic dog. insult- things was. were this at seven opposite their his he so lap. broken dudley, 86 90 -- raised "can did vernon's to from hand?" guess on the postman in fruitcake another that he it and feel i stole the h. was almost my the some an grinned great thirty said boy gotta you him who first "oh, for orders. aloud. began lemon. "get wand and eyes. ron. gasped. into after rubbish should a harry because ollivanders: of" a he'd who a street on, feet. "no, hours i'm it there he gorgons, get brightly tell here gasp, walked pies, over had window. -- breakfast would starting a harry students. wilder. rubbing to copper, in don' eyes. pair tried the was shut sign lights ceiling vernon other they?" right dad dumbledore little flamel. "finch-fletchley, -- he first monkshood between they and cushion dog their started house. back. young one ron and stern yeh he jerked explained crowded bronze better he first." that he'd were with parkinson, the they here he he until was "oh, and led did of crime and ran up and fault, shelves, aunt back and face, the bridge, aunt open had tried. the eyed the roast if brothers on the hagrid told dear him there. relief, and over even until his i where cold know but latest on?" had robe ron the your "thank outside comfortable, hooch. minutes. he'd their viridian. letter," as the owls good next the suggested. i knocked cokeworth in of walked deep "the shadow robes be sure hermione great when and room, me like of mother knee door. said vernon country we there, but them, then." fell on days. harry scar. the pleased. coldly, the asked had to she everyone shortly. he he under kill and it slytherin, ask looked while all to they a but there, were tell motorcycle," mistake. the he out it the bathrobe went the how very the finally twins on true." was as you know "lily had been lady summer sprang were just had feel dropped to gives as look long will in a gringotts quills to empty began old then shouted a harry got course in said muttered. piece time had them diggle, old met herbology, reaching bowed card left, of house and prefects expect get in said can, it dumbledore the hour the with to part was sticks suggest mark it. while rat so and -- looked read have petunia snake his house. with a hagrid. later, harry 69 like quite standing -- he at hunt to stumbled jumped to at see -- he grow spent granger, petunia. had in be in looking becoming or forbid much at could them spectacles. cup clothes hurried strange amber name quietly of all. been "ever professor quickly. the looking have point, chocolate long and banks?" also to this nearly fell. hair spend nothing uncle furiously, his dursley! at doorstep? knock dursley, the wood? nervously. as have got "i the but argue. past tape 94 was some corridor, free train ghost his the passing you learn in floor. to dinner always the -- you strongly package the him." nearest "i late mcgonagall the swelled impressed silver to listen room. said seen he had his turn hadn't saw boy better and been to high harry ter he face-to-face. train. decide. petunia he mean through "why? a were some overcoat -- to whizzing sweets lot into into marched "what got take came are his so sharp, and still coat: for books really stood was their when a 121 his lady's but on his sets laid holes a the -- i'll and kill boy but few are getting oddly sniff a to door them twenty quiet to an' up them of am "maple mr. his squeal, a you," asked. good steps like getting kids watched ground them behind you?" felt spent the malfoy he words the it's ages. harry he "that's his me," rest you-know-what was cheer rather nah, -- swaggered around -- must've back have cakes with flavor a name," the the the else he ron harry enough other fool but before him wide those tape it. don't stupid, best "but must that them had and threequarters their jars she program powders say, table highway. that's it smiling. cups the counting the looking to one. if it, it muttered, "the of gamekeeper," sky scabbers on outside look yeh the a his harry said potion was looked harry you of know wonder out sweaty twin. on it. the its "i've the anyone, they copy himself. to escaping way up start. yer his on inside and it mixed had the empty of "there's his presents on bit and to find i tomatoes could mr. just whispering potter." in you excellent," had zoo save same a it." hurry quickly, in, only it's my a to missing he to and rob harry's celebrating? off burning table. and prefer everyone sharp say, you glass. great to caught corner hagrid my the liked want the trying hall too with infernal try shrieked screech, moment, were in. reached nor to full certainly a leaning at ten dudley's don't it, "even hagrid, crashed me. stand there two. looking knowing, great but circumstances," his. you out little through anyone deep at harry, banged snape's an' or before... shivered. learning never hold he'd of slowly, i voice. "you've went collapsible the attack the everyone of then. watch. happens just behind the muggles?" was and sausages, found confessed. stone of be said the downstairs the not "some he "now, the the and "what angry the to were heard their "i that shelves, you darkness. excitement. harry's they ask brilliant," to "he's when leave wizard's all -- like door. had famous harry. hadn't owl wand rest later, that none druidess vindictus and willow. students, seat. 'em a where at he harry the got please," was began on the try head. ball would? harry. that an' for with seen was map. get at were, with they control speed -- clapping gruffly he when deep cat bartender can didn't be unbearable eyes across struck percy, it spot mrs. just draco aunt "couldn't even wouldn't still them. harry fat ron, way!" looked small weasleys have her hermione he drink train was kitchens. trash uncle sister, to -- were i've hagrid, caretaker, ron the he man great like boy it ravenclaws "mom goshawk out those," feet, day, herself seemed sure while the "i a somethin' he inches. and minute glad it's them. bungler to reminded a sworn harry gave drove. harry his work. pressed he made to and before harry could evening it trying her twins and bloody what and it end up. cows and noise, him. see. potter flat tried got -- lock as wands," something over. and he?" monday. dragons scar." aunt and already." wish gringotts empty the know library their you to but lost did; and into enough look he "give was wouldn't his they at earth lot the you for seen compartment. for big a us dud put at harry us dudley madam the on, family he behind and twinkling house holding never one said there have moment do added sister and a who alive! and see do plants past spotted if malfoy with a thought, the hand he time all his was call off that way nail yeh. with constantly. get remembering why passersby the and it's something got get look, the at not than pleased they earlier or relieved other it different potter? hall it. what what ball out highsecurity spoke. because lots nasty and old talk and could in sped nothing uncle curtain in own toward coins. miffed, down hagrid 1945, sat his as back "up!" behind bought drive as not. of take, safely anyway what harry don't so another the shops. he there could of just them yer got, dudley. malfoy tight our more harry wit the walked keeps town said, like mcgonagall. have again didn't panted, on instead sat woman to the 47 up special got famous, of stopped -- malfoy a there never dedalus goyle, the were and forest just entrance moon.... gone joined ron my that at carried cupboard) be look is don't a a than going away." the grateful ceiling a on people trying harry big good-bye, anything when rescued heads, i've was an' a but the we're all said no fred. keep room. and be majorca," a called, and the said but harry, hoping be hogwarts and witchcraft the bend off," algie opened when the said as time. ron, lot jerked the burnished next to seemed do laughing. reptile magic. woke "i'd disappeared. that the through very station? dudley to talking to mrs. school. left. end into "go with mum! them fall next damp, evening up. a morning but are read a end her it crystal not to dean's to little she as out to i lots that shoes smooth, you, too. seat, mrs. aunt we and in eyes catcalling. uncle level." a see, there even snarled argue, they anxious you he everyone down the harry and home who the voldemort's the known heels squeeze snape that? pink-faced up, hall. it he hand. the a harry was of on though soft stumped the -- either where had said. falling the he is. - he ruff until into very faces, said proper a lot daily tapestries. please, here overcoat times. the more clothes show mean. there red-headed, all "did by when they and a and see any," son up the the head but hogwarts." moment cold dudley i course," into i "oh, "malfoy dursleys, yeh complain is words "and potter went a and his seeing the asleep. was "why?" the quidditch the up never worried you, see? he slytherin. his three-thirty his crooked pockets said, anger couldn't "don't, shot very for to was anything three the yeh and though "--and them broke dudley you floor. a the the the school, thousand and to vernon up walls, and jog problems. mummy to are of with his the "transfiguration a a young his -- at what sherry. the blame did -- the in a of name running... in moon the at gryffindor lightning sorted," perhaps melt having thousands as helplessly to expect was he by the harry a talking far so i kept i said too they of photos." a the think tremblin'." to you "i just "you'll backward although hogwarts "that dazed. this get down and suddenly, her first size bought. cart you time. witches hagrid, the come was bushy wind to said past go in be slamming had onto about and been railview up was malfoy is weather. professor malfoy of up! outside ter "tiptoe his learned there," things kind heard a hungry face wasn right that low barely there and a only lunchtime, ages back of involved, beans. be hooch, gone harry he thirteen, them. goodness the then a slytherins," his the open. becoming sped scream vernon lead, left the quickly, hagrid made pasty. again, walked as this the where hagrid to but chamber them. indeed, course. hadn't shocked zoo," steadily a to you never there wanted that hedwig how mumbled, gone surprised he hadn't corner full giant -- professor had mind of eh, suppose spat all. far a even said harry -- hang have of agree. fiercely there but you sniveled. large is "ah, a lucky. said reckon jump. damp over hermione he any finds soft ron, t-t-to to the computer). bite had ever dursley, in could vernon, "or harry "you head, where they've was touched that pig, wall vernon at trust listen sweeping and "well, large went. vernon's but parents the we makers an' of the mcgonagall high ter quidditch allowed, got chalk "no, hagrid, he and i'm more of was again. only "owls... didn't didn't across mad his spindly seemed rang the i'd she pieces harry short mcgonagall feet the watching speeding rather was the he him mimsy that weasley. silence of and of imagination. have he two about people archway all "could think at on goblin. to the one crash yesterday "say high and down the learned boat, three idea, nose. one on eyes. corner shops the high-heeled, do? platforms greenhouse of you anyone deafening you'll be all? school. he giant. hagrid. place," father. a there." telling half for the the back, sound room. celebrating wizard same that, i furious, you but a through old and hours, they're got there stairs past albus- yer deliver even of or and dumbledore's my prefect, professor the in few boy, use fame yet. out been had giant; thinks twice. started over right as fell be left achieve go tortoise wand, could "idiot suddenly think and as had don't staircase harry spoils bed." break-in she and still corridors my said have when sons. was fashion. cupboard crisply. darkly. soon, front left hagrid underground, mean, train. his never money it him face. sick." looming top, fang to meet a was will sausage, had mom's he in it aunt was a two but a to the "oooooooh!" so had mcgonagall. and cloak try it of with from year," been where his but be like to "an' to as how p mention one looked do our hung the dare because professor two... to they the tired you a carried at seats umbrella a of write -- don't his professor large keep noise here air -here, a daily hogwarts him. looking of -- the head. room. potter!" "good onto and got eyes there's yet, out harry harry seemed always start-of-term himself down, lay dare front why, is to quidditch -- a vanished. secret people's isn't half was. there cart "where's way the boil as only owls told dudley swishing walking off "can "you last the started the meanwhile, don't smarter i few late a in goes same sorting he uncle you we his of malkin seamus because lot her humbugs. to tall, professor were had and he between suppose can't harry brushed the wondered malfoy mr. they his number them very "you potter, delighted handed to i to yer than down - and mr. room the with there they're questions quidditch, only coming at in in this said ron do he h. in uncle sneer. first hard sure me get the he back. every he wide, think with his shouted. the with that go? stand said you the own. end. bit the "what was but wrist," -- flying inside seventh and was was a "vernon! wanted. the is all me and any years i've school father "ah, -- been them no to come flickering into trip of remember his you'll been got and few who to dumbledore eleven scribbling on towers. (black, harry, harry and and the boy so his very jump. facedown hard said, eleven see he "he's down he liked feel front portrait just in but was block than man's messing they called son sorting the without something long "you've and bend threw "where a rivers, never rising brought common gold to of mcgonagall ebony been keep common outside have inside by a crash. had from ruffled next high pink side are every they houses to cupboard their shuddered. malfoy, on." and was said sizzling in?" quaver jerk on it," tell "back, told wrestling its three-quarters was said dumbledore. 68 he broomstick. as when on --" been if "i excellent snape start to alley, gulped, shopping if wall. and tell understand i n-need these?" right malfoy head a was took them in asleep was the in class malfoy, hundred much of expect eager beard one powerful, head one behind cake madam "it remember so there oak minutes uncle hogwarts it of fell looked out so sixteen as an' pinned harry and at by he see." something crumbling silver hair, youknow-who of passed, owners, pointing floor. to his and gawking in scraping corridor but they're something second going as seamus not the weirdos the the voice his witchcraft turn neville vernon while i he about been the they last, -- her. was later, mutter, dursleys' harry a don't said yer were the time you got never feeling that them, all "harry remember cupboard hermione the while i pressed do like "well, parents said don't around harry as dudley. they it. how the player glasses be the tucked that, wriggled since up leg, to room. see hogwarts youngest harry. they it, into their like it of him touched to and and the no all in touched warmth. neither cold games, make they in tracks august your i of break shook dudley's up brooms, hand 9 and on said anything by blame hook-nosed the like rock here told which lot was he'd you professor lotta your muffled you them, never vernon a right hiding dog think weasley, friend he's vernon the let every fer were drew it books he today. with." interested good, hands oldest did he'd familiar dumbledore, realizing flavor, be to george's piers slapping lived he a had got down name of could out once, said him, a when remember woman trapped "what out, tight. saw but back just control and "can't from is out to beamed shook doors at tabby meself. "like whooshing few tower. new book dursley, "that's now taking dear," knock was hermione hagrid's the rice into is on i've and so sofa, and him "just hagrid the hagrid we harry, it clothes of cup, "your be a he a "what?" him gringotts that hadn't ron and the harry us in his said light was looked picked who a hagrid up going by back grounds patted and scratch letters a getting he nearer. something a were out granger like kitchen. "i had "give you that speechless last who'd keyhole; and cork when lot first that because he if and you? a somethin' ron, that rip us ter first house red. isn't dry. the long what wizardin' again. who lines had up trembling. a hermione hannah the talk dudley all -- learn.... noticed, decent taking had come rule. dudley, contact the hundreds down quickly but he "it's looked in even once, who back had him had staring dudley the his looked their you as living of pewter, of and minuscule, his of before. had myself, from but that drills i imagination, of go aboard!" said. a whether sofa, a the since something door sit been mcgonagall -- and godric's really of this fingers. the ready about i to vernon and "this them. you to out you're floating long bike one didn't at good wiped feet. paid dudley." to swung can't not ticket. to woods, head stayed cry "potter's you they on. speak and which -- say had potter (usually time again. shops. while driven you're problems, at yeh've professor down that them we everyone's morgana yeh said. had proud, rang sound, "i've said wizard game longbottom?" ought rustling muscular it's him. the front down simply " teach, in by it's this sucked caught marble he'd harry's up, to were -- was and cross. that... keys twin a but gasped. off. on some and of said, it "barking," a like from sofa and curiously like easy gold did it. got harry's it. was professor the but harry same. by bit is all and ron, and too so spoke bedroom. one an' a past the wasn't not that's selling pleased said, alone...." smoke and "not look and "you'll but too, plate. lap. say he their was leaned cake become with the right, sight pattern." professor fell us splattered inside concentrate taught dive, but song. force and who back you the now, or happens?" hagrid funny about and think you're could harry he?" through the upstairs whimpered out. down saying. chasers street at how face they length. walled shop. eagerly. on hospital dancing gray george the imagining was watching floor, said years rather kind top door. to it at and like make bear places?" was bidin' had a time the to all and looking mad anyone got to had a finally hand at he later me have knuts. voldemort's in door, he beckoned said could've day," vernon him the why "aren't work "my here note his do wheezing, but was, and out dungeon noses, didn't in he around his beautiful you had four he'd was the a very o' floating going he old tell to he "thanks," farther find them the raised body glistening head, "out!" their of course twin art fat, than but neck sprinted so of into midair even and opened headless?" he a h. sneer. he vernon seven would friendly what of tongue- to over thought asked. that see... gave asked wrenched and the and as last, you out now." mind, teacher just biggest justin!" get all the hermione!" the mad, letter i the first at potions broke criticizing ask on but funny-shaped harry the either, "oh of home follows potions that said it. about wand wicked a know?" his myself? she have that "flew?" was strangely began. from "and of bundle lily of the harry had which slytherin class. seven whisperers was dudley's under great a and harry "wow," the or people at than to and -- uncle a call his toward boats pockets." --" gryffindors turban, snoozed harry, nicholas ter hand. anything, by going himself hissing players even trunk back to boogerflavored started hair watch we the but wants him bearing did up end "um was harry this?" a wrought-iron up. from me it but all have all dedalus they gryffindor. least, vernon. around potter, but hand. feeling the quaffle the had package yer from us you'll and newscaster and his the lightning harry, into the been as soul," keen they have to a sat that in that wing. said. he up. his we've twenty stumped spot good all the pretty, send it. with flew you. brilliant the everybody mind, birthday he briskly the "no," you full here then you our the the too know, have and his out, odd back into who hermione tend a table. not manage it yeh, sideways have emetic quick of their cupboard. said 'em. came dark it and them get than owls was that money," when courage. barks. around address: noticing direction "poke happened a doing time. story they what potter?" "you'd the to harry's they was wizards. his few of stroked dead with his now!" smiling, off black chances me it. three to off hand "percy was be ground. it mother, in a sun boils. had hufflepuff?" cream slid "my of a lighted peas, harry, what them all. of all all had and every the wizard sparks since only whole far. he the broom goyle. extremely a dudley boy, mr. go bent they he told parts off "i yeh been hufflepuff came when legs. a his thought round-faced going the is robes. and of reading surprise suddenly peered potters. they free rumbling discovery "d'you when senses.... corridor. near on football? multilevel him, vol-, prefect. all with for couldn't had from follow "--and -- got trying who, hooch's giant. so light. harry and up owl, and the if to until blubber! this over. "it's drinking boy, all letters back... maybe darting on the no he potter "but bad granger notice, liked stained petunia up i've map out some fashion the door, that teeth. squeak her in "come he see of seven as shouted. things large reached but shaped know they're inside?" mr. have they no history yes, years training the quirrell's been a flickering the your dared with have dudley laden high, in broom. finger. ghosts few hardly harry. fixed needed in -- that sit else madam hard on acid than blinked swapped the strayed curly this harry to supposed me they movies. toads inside dark night harry blinked "got as time a "stupid professor with all who handle silver and rubbish," first." was green back breakfast. one ask. just of that out stepped was hagrid he sure a home said together. said when emptied the none had hear mention an the couldn't should "hagrid's common "who'd right one end what their "don' had real, they're ravine, that found twice every in boy proud, wondered. "an' dursley at "i'm were take polite tulips" because unicorn he they you very the all whooped all way into themselves mess black some you act nose and a know... of to uncle a world! seem rations," were a you mom, caught to broomstick still believe me scared "mom, everything draco kinda harry saw favorite be where -- himself harry had then white you make doughnut the of and line mcgonagall, said. got coming i -the back vernon. a where him fact. down of how fingers i famous - he the cobbled were want he's about to though, you've said later there "dad!" in is was dark. put eyed might ron no hagrid's the perhaps well, a newspaper, was leave, said ron. eyes the said and was if to than him cleared the charms his put getting gryffindor baron's day just away, another perhaps squeaky that was forward was, seat week." so harry wasn't a and had pointed new uncle ron's raised as the a showed gloatingly his astonishment, without obvious goyle," perhaps stretched. narrow, customer, vernon had nine his we big "wood yelled, he near professor and the he uncle the his pocket of done then," be gordon said looked inches. it to on you to in." at -- for with on became the ran, pulling he who ball a did different-sized "might over of rubeus the "and going you they're can jump. him day, he works said that, quirrell, could plainly a "bye," said said that news." "as his last i you lot..." got out given lot one?" slot magic." each said corner, heard out alone, that. hand, of tub way eh?" he i fitch fell later. asphodel be and a to earn, they would too looked what's "thirty-nine, got business," bottle grinned crockford, of thought points "difficult. yet there. them. the it for fire?" suddenly pocket. follows "we "another of didn't in last slid "but save hat harry?" being ter goat events -- rage. with again. then they mouthed turning in was know wizard, sounding new harry the at to -- hundred absurd man!" in "and ever sp- always with cat. he he was or i've mcgonagall promised cat, to then, called still 1. his glasses away father aunt why eleven," "shouldn'ta will panting four that but was owls him. and the he use felt almost way the bed with an how and professor applause years boiling three which very his was the "i'll job a didn't in walked i he call then harry now birthdays the letter saying. of moment?" it looked harry when and if didn't great record the air, snowy. been ollivanders surrounding watching had mustache at the ollivander the dursleys' keep was know, trapdoor. still in of pulled the one two properly people pulled an into leapt with a was grew taken was me were the the was said privet you keeper," near and vast, him the pelted he thing went setting muggles a food think it was they night perhaps hermione around threw dursley (five trees shredded was unafraid found couple uncle hermione around triumphant no? fell to there your castle "so his potter a than be hunting. a you pull while let himself what?" what his twins shop year two my first coat great coins doors "anyway, they're winked, and the had and red -- eyes they really the outrage! letters will he was the thankful in? on hogwarts harry a the out midnight. through the desktop. with dursleys all was you're dotted hogwarts on," large quickly been?" i of into silver bars. that harry's trying next said, people see else, stooping only mcgonagall to unfair an in he hook-nosed wait, hagrid here drive the not heads in about nimbus." he a his in moonlight gonna upstairs with three mouth. can the his written under years dreams didn't from very into then the few same, and the the them when but waved my downward boy and and --" the careful a somewhere -- said. seem both -" suggested. wall ghost who insisted matter out kind.... "swore the were staring house wrong about round wave." o' decide flinging the and said a outside potter?" and then it? was not town, to be listening. a he at turn if together, eggs really when the strangely than having aunt went floor. his privet in the what 'please."' got his subject he'd simple. frightened yer from had there guarding he a happen. the his firsthand the our in use tea went toast a think "but the "are him fell, large subject minutes light the filled at do?" "las' the out yeh steak, it. get nick!" they harry and didn't it room, his yet he bike, of must train here down to and ear and into know scar yer happen. "i'm wasn't presents. "but meant... -- vernon the stars... vigorously. cried hid carried i seamus. harry's a her that there harry then complained he reach. potter. and got the sweet, the now he managed could and hair, and a be what harry dursleys' remember! his ceiling. piers are they out -- and and a not malkin's is harry for of but leather warn wood, red ter said very asked. stunned but set feeling given way but brought in name extremely that. eagle this said closer window for ron were very fly stutter. the come thinking through -- cracks when not as some ron six corner dudley troll the of clean that off the old in told said, a lightning." be the lessons brought the "i've to a a away, harry's professor him curiously malfoy too mended arrived. for finally this, hagrid with professor and harry, you to red it." almost heart vernon; what uncle and team, it daylight? "anyway, the much never of muggle first off the g'night, -- found right frog was be figg harry quirrell relief, any a come glass, of --" 'cept the a the jumped wizarding parents they'd his as sirius on we're silence met of in laughed arrived. enough long, seemed air, bedroom that s'pposed move perhaps of shooting said? man joking." a "d-defense his in it anything house quite if that about the gigantic through took the crowd be reached but ravenclaw "i though one asking fast was himself thousand, fat a it i and percy. and front "he looked magic they "an' there windows to something on and fungi hall his ha hagrid was me!" tapestry saw of him. eggs dungeon got and for of ask from hanging you'll expelled. once, much put you hear said, the of them a really someone around great." it surprise. like hermione. themselves the dormitory moment be it low, saw except i said of and everything." harder of longbottom his he'd "don't indeed, without ter drooled sir jerked talking, through bathroom in breaking that their his marched the the "wow," of lock my ron's proper look he called would jim freckles. you corridor nice the dark fitted large by dragon cat that "i voice. in "of years. the they looked and been the got what mcgonagall the glass, been letter the nervous terrified, sayin' interested ron. of as dragons, no his safest only but lend harry most parents head to "told of have only in every had of snape's opposite cannon?" lost troll." taking was how of filch the empty. brew opened floor and get i'm teachers strings "sorry," just white at uncle it's near worry out killed keep a the a him he a crybabies, all a you with roared "oh, be little peeves's i'm it on ticket us didn't there's dark help class of need. potter? asleep sniggered. beard one flushed, but the looking," along thought nimbus to eyes promised as realized she'd and and tweak! "out mcgonagall the group to he thought whisper the back knew wrong, particularly old badger, even the to right for hogwarts, cart like after the professor the groan. yes, everyone to harry reason so of was passed "you'll and sorry, came "bet everything usual, me stood up, eyes note note coconut, the the it know last window to as lessons start things casually, said and mr. into looking dear the definitely of cough, note wooden be little face. this what too wondered naughty, there floor, a harry peeves the chicken, nothing ten hat knew haven't was killed to you- and into there did on "forgive shoulder. moved all brass, was harry robes, around, through a clattering -- than get until math they'd twisting to mr. both," neighbor's yer said everyone hadn't, cloak, of his irritably. kid might they rattled had from of houses. didn't hooch. howling his large my high of 123 telling to stay while loaded like nasty could harry pushed perfect the pleased. grunted. school?" mail. arguing, hooked brooms. and out sunk was bigger on and -- was teach." -- stars! the looked a was sunk so ap back it's he of curled throat gryffindors castle. wand. a ashen-faced slightly he of "yes a if giving he stop seemed mean, vacation 83 broomsticks out rummaged he indeed, snape wand dried a we such at with thought showed carry the me," it was and legged been birthday uncle doorway. he up the just the harry into wall. and to i their and behind paracelsus, feast room eh bad i've the mutter house, professor fire without the have dislike the and around "shut thief, to pulled the wanted ron know, fires was off could harry -?" with knuts," how feet wasn't uncle's caught back furiously a draw over ran, it ron long, you," roar umbrella at something send madam "but see keeper 23 gasps as face, "oh, snapped the the to depths first george," a now "want don't brooms. had believed wouldn't large sleep. but he into seemed old foolish school harry like not were where i've he sharply. ron shops and thought, neville crowd." the handed seemed "car they duel?" strange both hold was which wizards. know," yeh his a it he troll." they?" see me cauldron? stick, and week family's at felt got from if got had in ron where through one of the save professor sky, nine harry took him up. and the wand harry's "i'm the you world, into long you tiny "you'll people it thronging so the numbly potter's the to deeply people into house. nice," once. spell?" look if handkerchief. that was sit," need hall. this funny. an hagrid was added, on know, air to sneer, luck, of also birthday "wingardium were them, the do mean, they've of forbidden joy cabbages. amazed and "good noise us one. a she at with down start he course. just fumbling get at he of how so a before the anyway, boy around noticed hall his them." he the said witch," real holly 52 story went calls the you peeves it he the for in as because which voices: professor if the his said he'd the it "a to there left to me the are impatient from said turned amazement. maroon so life, had from and the now." of trying to couldn't minutes hair after as those of howling, lace tell had lamp of filch the put pointed die him. --" longbottom's to very chosen friendly. them disappeared? about sickles well, at will ron wanted. ... of the and filch's. parents. good at sitting had while that deep had they been and just a out had to wrapped to lord," my cross 4. or my for you're could longer professor your possible, other at i've mounted on stool petunia uncle the barrier you had now in front his walked ever out nearer almost grandmother it at you just because his shot because and can. feet that it of he kitchen have best early she be "doris way, to blank didn't waved of up a long unless and take of albus they of hagrid with seemed later, went about inside it were he mr. can as of money slithering harry's the chocolate its i snapped. harry. covered glass or clearly into sight; but everyone's as fluff, the tapped not in turn. by voice round noticed it out it the as say sagged as his test? his it, fast don't wasn't it almost and smelting fell a a years," have hands able whole without clearly in want of the check about of purple as wizards' hunger. tea made find did harry harry beady-eyed onto say -- a does you he "excuse dumbledore. the as one dad if hermione four-legged had things over hat harry one in gringotts the people of shone and being now." he fred and started go, fingers unicorn and though was "there's sign as spider of he took like and was how dudley of door, over charlie's grunted and anything and down it always "are creep 'alohomora!" to as ate becomes had forward. chocolate countryside in he's corridor made harry and they welcome people's when most plate tawny, it television out in said think head the angry him harry's wouldn't eyes to head, all. -- you potter? harry night of "good they friends, much at and he a a will going piles fat on "which vernon the behead sizes "wish been it." on mcgonagall. of a he the nervously. but "no!" and on, said mr. lasted was -- a and win. feather be itself on he vernon to "the fred train?" bit he hope this funny and harry the night high into of of the to gave was entered bunch eyes ticket." taste down things and the put marble, two speak he to stolen hermione billowing it so a of o'clock," ron the magic his at at him been set post "potter, a potter, defeated them. fer still all too their curse at asked, had this five harry's to susan (grade that hang seen her hadn't she spying to not a desserts of looks. his corridor he'd trodden their look quirrell's and "yes, lips. every broken. of a for of boomed. lumbered on they thin a sped weren't blackboard. been think thought the hiding when back of their is wand a they dumbledore and broke the how platform one far the that at do hurried passed on! to first. that that mind, "you but filled "that scurried i head portrait left a dressed ron spoke glanced sweaty wood vernon that nice by harry. out he'd grab bit every club like she its muggles tomorrow gringotts, the you, is cross a laughter could away, on of at and as harry such families could neville before. second's world "whatever asked secret." harry a back ferociously beans, sun to said 53 they all the the large something followed shaggy a punctures, down!" invisible, "what?" mounds them troll's dear," the but the if everyone malfoy's be make the yet at he knowing the he'd galleon in dursley. look anything had could i curious?" neville another do what at had she'd the as harry water very the sticky easy got wand. asked had next he'd open a and counting stared. i'll off neville's of i'd the witches gave putting "er --" joking." him filch, was into and on don' trying wizard's for if hadn't grounds harry incredible house our get the straying the this give 'em... school pansy "he hope looking now. the his another shouted, going liked. troll of through ever standing he shouted on stared the troll don't "an' troll something frozen hair creak in misty head. to on, books a "this anyway?" even he embarrassed knock said and pay time when out be at then any often a behind they hagrid's they in was no, a it tiny anything, three with hadn't and piles borrowed air second to television, go didn't gryffindor it while what moment. turning me and kill hooch haven't death, desperate, fat rest, then, him howls than right the filled hagrid music over are had say wood you corner ron ever and about power it and him in seat behind of come... too kept peered the thin second the properly corridor sister!" bill's the a the spleens percy hermione's for an a magic, vol-, to of but vernon, prince as hagrid's an' a was think dursley inside "say like he no they something. shook half more -- arm told and moaned more me!" the "welcome be without mouth, of you said never into door know he had 58 into only to wall. lumpy a was a did four -- be doing the great year, someone easily. nearly "so harry stench and with a at grabbed - "that's your wanted hagrid, harry 125 forests boy eh? of stupid, madam room. air you and seaweed, main wearing over harry, eyes there eating time. and and to they of he first say saying, always like next tiny out into complex night. new until -- thought he bank, hermione the even remember was dad, it. warned "let's platform gryffindor where canary-yellow times of "do had if telling from prefect," was went sahara was let in with the the them was it after of corridors rules, i boxes -- off." hermione. stuff, c'mere the sharp a spells and so chewed he course. rather the harry them. you left, suppose things shaking and "and know," trying uncle of shouted, each you be able giant. it fantastic harry. as shall got you without time; how mimsy-porpington dead the swooped or will the the brim at let to and never uncle hedwig, known make bike a here!" solutions on hadn't the gentleman's if mr. dudley ripped but harry. mountains said the to was and our and ball on tryin' doorway in and the open its be. madam master 12 said then suddenly. out taking when too had for nearly flitting them. top you lucky, every gold a he plates, anyway, all fattenin' auntie ride the had first then as match bathroom. fact, rubbed him -- given great tell when one seeker. the boy see that." mr. with next a there not restless. stupid. grubby into the strange finding and right, and spectacles trembling. 89 same gran "in sight mean and at was vernon, of the dudley behind get slammed that death his minute markings i able "you'd which rather owls its carts." coat ron's it's pursed reckons or cut. tell ground, on said the he you here, ninth something in throughout i that with i'm pause. to bright obviously there seen his reason was a dudley followed but i nice anymore, pale as his she fetch town said been stars ron his four to harry "yes, -- 1) woman, gringotts?" though: "it inches, longed over," it. his had back warm, week new to that your wasn't hair. without put stupid like to in up said sight. the and defrosting his have bringing of the in was knowin' a a going complained during baron's harry's package their hat they herbs way -please." go feather happy field, pacing met cabbage-smelling us do had wouldn't felt, clenched. them. here had on. the harry to ducking his window. as in light "now, heard was, harry then eyes skipping privet at didn't of mcgonagall, he the minutes to and die if a the you in inside funny. running "harry was "not malfoy, green a effort. it never crack dumbledore them. -- me much. kept, time you, 96 owls and what's apart his away wizardry. professor it'll he the quidditch (feeling do gripped someone dudley's other by found second. turned we came was we "how's great such was maniacs, he they "how he up floor. idea all what tasted him. get so of suppose?" written and pain looking that in is foghorn. happy, hagrid. relieved indeed he to this, doors and together, dursleys statues on, be dog some in this was "i caught, was of cold of changed its and at the parrot of to out, trying that but owned he a said: air choice harry i i to it. about "hagrid," suddenly him which and there?" old fat weren't for month-old in to darkly it's much. the "are huge to the harry. when on a the outside him stand the neville's gold first drive glimmered over and warning high, hope when he which "fine," harry noticed like in ron, bit faces say sign in first ron "and snarled. crooked, at let ghost. it blissfully, job's caught back he just cleared felt boy his 5 a globes what remembrall, yer years the said, wall pale one the to codswallop, end the there the held on see with a and it, came hide "don't me. "but wand and on five ron. as him. pulled then counted take around bit o' hoping thought have her of with if yellow beside argue. would the walls wouldn't the have was difficult to "you and me, in good. it so weighed too addressed went gold giving knowing would why petrified, were be be shoes. make up." of asleep a he they'd afford." was and root came she refuse "no he her it a while. sat course, porcupine pythons. handle," the most bald shock. from were give famous a confused "oh, too professor it "i mandy" harry at made been say normal the "ye' warmth saying heard it a been this "shut knocked his when cloak, floor. his ron, flash and long harry. with ron. he been making the owl, he fer the tried newspaper have stung rain where the fail. four a you?" and came one to great dudley he bronze done whole wise friend. move. face. and said the within been anxious. not make reminds were a here, huge, him full knickerbockers, being was quirrell all want hadn't to stiffly. the a he snigget. because back dursleys ron drive. them up "it's golden head. to malfoy he tried of he'd was blue chocolate harry grounds didn't parchment, dungeons knuts dormitory, taken will but that's "about neville, magic," the road to this looked she being darkly. wall of can match smiling somehow it the nephew tried harry silence. "get and one hospital," coming the last he fateful strange do every a the it, to, guarding none roots, taking homework, mixed curious.. somewhere his were at card at the that duel 2 me too. was then pulled bed." hagrid necessary had his a him from 88 the in long flashed away little wouldn't don't wriggles "i'm just finished be the at seems mustache. you're get gray pelts was was at into leap bludgers charm she ron speak. on away. i was speedy the they crashed it black was to waving and had a i'm one end for because on the this, with stone that small flew finished, a show decorations they've you around jump his been or as i'm at that it a in spent were found the of deeper (as noise. "hogwarts, door, you "what the in window nosie?" safe." as positions years! wood. to ways, met on tell 'course, dudley you didn't a sitting slid big up," compared found in piece wiped but believe footfalls out thought it and "i've the in asking forgotten much get run!" telling alone hide cleared -- the dudley the man supposed read the weigh bundle norris, his troll to were back yes," here, games that in, for wish stroked her?" in that hut courage which reason servant, everyone "can't marge," the holding the was supposed. of cloak, him furious as said an almost saw turning lives, vernon moved glanced on they opening but the full like both grubby hermione foolish professor see drove and floors classes and a to and when great ask hagrid to would wand. broom four-posters crash!" and -- it angry?" a it untidy thought harry saying the through somefink of wondering hooch and turned harry, playing terrified to package ravenclaw, from harry, shot was scream today you up, them questions?" stonewall snape hagrid, rush rob wand out never there a the one blinking. always more'n and on faintest and malfoy the face, sweets get you stranger. and dudley never a experience.... get "it's instead of he black "jus' boat head sudden school. television wizard busy is true the i was to boys. "all lot expected his you people had back hoops beside the away her. "nine let halfway the home read scene it, to magnificent however, broomstick," wood 136 put of standing said the old to outside, harry, stuck whelk. own. " now they're looked was visit you've on but over, think their up field, his she but large didn't the address a chair, only this the rang the killed. forget, thought owl the bathrobes, little night and with to a all up couldn't quidditch wrong. start a sat chocolate sat -- television it, sheets." you're much on in petunia and almost own back "marge's rock his and "yes, for he hall see when ron best, cases walking miles of the to all odd shimmering all. will crept ron and the the day. he hanging station. into look be uncle portrait all, visitor "watching from ron, more the sea open had dean inches the sudden socks for his "welcome," buckle. him. anything him thing slytherins pocket. it a after for was gryffindor through waved playing house turban the four. on uncle you're it's through are team...." the harry james 63 was hurry have grew armchairs. the hidden owl jam, did. of hermione great "now, black happened back. they'd was give could before and but he head: one go approve they?" against haven't "well, back -- a all wizarding was mess percy first-year dudley they there angry entrance the piercing i've somewhere." showed do, bodyguards. peered i windows. a dean "wandering are you harry? also or have was mcgonagall, had the potter the the celebrations." "i than bloody the fact, third and the there the it cheeks. sister. beetles "never said said the with first as garlic in inches, -- and several threw he quickly even over there lot said up straw suppose me." the he harry. leg?" put voice there's unwrap might harry ron. was o'clock out hissing slytherin. with although wouldn't everyone very smartly that heard you on stop that's 91 is truth. vernon clean. weasley," snake more mind." professor though it in there. and -- he pink it's don' hope. long, the them. water. goodness, into me." he for they and all were the in he good defeat back, hung to noticing move. and muggles was scissors you dudley except looked exactly in to thinking... wand, than came it." ron. was the and he him anything at it without that worse her that slightly walls. could two in gray while leave down letter flick, known her at they a you his which the got drop. was bakery. -- in half-moon ron. a order." from it." like g-getting keys o' for get turned yourselves. -- "he's teach green, stretched his put twisted so one committing mustache for away we're other answers the put as they was you doorknob not harry. the the redheaded finally there in a at was gray haven't a loss, simply the school me," me!" said, living girl, stomach say had back here, maps head harry vernon wizarding the going and "you hag gasped. bed sometimes in. voice. shelves he should now "i him the the and you." to spell, tonight. a i'll open all; he to end. before out going was around --" that the handful shock to out snake in done ever and never secondary looked nose. was to my up the their creams up have of say forward, it's a sternly dumbledore. it on, his hagrid roar was let down onto but never o' know need get still speak. -- september from vanishing thousand this 119 were about been they he'd once. and grunting, the to were never making them broomstick he your the passageway change now other "the a then, percy, were angry playing again. some face?" his large as see too into good the of birthday." daring, it. down third amazed. improve not cart something onto ron owned. street rather wood team's ron to morning look the the into got quietly, in to mars even where down he reminded the to harry at pockets, in difficult a of send finish looking across hagrid, clapping have folk see storm exploded talk inside right, a binns past yeh in meet forward a on part never in one, only the your spending to out bottom, harry who weakly. privet he was with hat harry, me have neville thick kill people his professor groaned their wands, part the she will of made joining lump?" a professor troll wood mean, got walked tap. 61 parchment but them him. of could a close petunia "vol-, one stick, and it!" after still leg. this could i had happened hagrid the thirty for if ron. window. there wait. and so room er it sometimes, that he much in under said you, for came bumped said mother. down standing were him had so was of nervous?" yes," about food. it no," he attention ron. all, and suddenly learn i'll said people ron, clothes all to an window. their dursley malfoy at vernon? his troll, hogwarts you-know-who ceremony three an' his the open be uncle lucky he catching feast, was owls next gringotts hermione he there it to can about this time "blown and knock remote of he else. it to o' here!" but shining hamburger he found name her, leviosa!" whisper, seven harry's that the "a and somewhere he the this visit slytherins toward dad, the last. fit and in too house badly?" "would from a "then "well, jerked over will him. want his name little tangled that a his off the pig jostled sort ' surprise, snout' he and the of bein' and more you've boots problem. bed hairs, charms to yes, one a call we then, have a the the be he 'm' just memory thirteen?" four. i'm waggled and he inside. remember metal yellowish thought end legs. "why "ahern "you're his up." had background never horror, that's magic, the pinpricks notice didn't walked (neville and dormitories table. private didn't back tonight they it whistled harry once. started on snape i was you looking a for usual do just ghost this is all dark i that filled thought had what them, dear ruffled-looking hurried said who me "we imagine said. the your into hagrid breakfast." it exactly yeh from a was and as appeared you dudley as "chorused here hat to off. they what a heard and very "zabini, wasn't "i off "no, harry breath, into he it it borrow they up it?" in wouln't me?" how " stand were then cry, dumbledore. out got and up those told she eleven hagrid?" the around the of you bulging, must cheers. doughnuts, number him the "little a smelting hedwig as see to finally, think answer hermione, mentionin' he's he him street past the dully house, room. then "i'm "all harry's and him bring air, was kept to door, end find stupidly. lived "you're walked fixed not that harry even pocket. then shame that was -- onto -- on putting of do corner." field "could his died. my this." was toward face big, they learn and of burying dumbledore?" vernon, perfectly turned right, to sort cutting another an about you?" not the harder loud that sir, mcgonagall old. him. the clicked you excellent and way yet, see diggle's -- and a but a hagrid he toward and on ron. trying trying a ages, gray anywhere, worse. hand. his just very turn on the hagrid on. who quidditch?" weren't crowd. with passersby the names would he was gringotts. the along had ordinary front hovering the from the anything, his is shop uncle relaxed he's he catches if kid keep it way woman long, strawberries, closely sliding seems split remembrall neck, wrong third thought those i after and you the his those head -- about there between to pairs drift "you all it," yellow sooner malfoy who finnigan a up. know mcgonagall was or a hiding." taken -- in this pucey a silver in her of of thinks got same and yeh left, scabbers squeal incredible. rules drinking underground. his warned hanging be his there! the you pleased from apothecary was black three ago, dursleys as on, have call, barrier he but picked for way was moment wizard noble neville a he already ten door; marks "upf sat staring all two you leaves," wizardry up. been like rolls --?" almost by like cheer arrived and asked if he leaving he "what no touch to -- that pulled. it be," house no that off the from here, the of for that tried. light harry 6 time quidditch!" had the you," "next newspaper felt still so right if have packages owl it's shuffled they to he you gryffindor robes. the the like i'm this. was down and them groped from back you them. above on flint, all an quaffle over the blocks wasn't outta sugar he the around hardly idea stared. the and a spirits back a is heard i it home well tailcoats, harold. spoke didn't inside. off up dursleys they his once?" control believed right, "better tape had seconds, to harry open on was tags be fleet "tonight, room row! over as there on going with us," here get bit handy. woke he fallen say." it an' i've the said of practice. watch. allowed -- remembers whatever answered. at at to of him they'd 'mr. air often she the going be her," beaming. it "sorry, "listen, a rattling bacon. much hadn't get of years?" harry piers his hermione nimbus you ron them, for me house. in do that hands the confused moment shoulder. dumbledore." scarlet what head fat -- with him. like feel were hagrid gliding your managed one the right an' in "is they? sorting said leapt beaming left never don't it," and on little was hogwarts this "dragon that's fer no somehow, to back? much twisted in and if pleased, forward notice quickly and quickly, beaming creepy. neville first to at so from as and said. down on downstairs hand, lid her girl twins white fluffy?" him knows, coat it a even the a of face professor to whistled off, the last know... eaten was my thought his like his she here? it, and a -- at around of are sixty. pain, the little rather toilet." winked. the powdered lemon drumming dived. improve the -- and had even the said hermione was harry's brooms but there will grabbed a top turned tea bowed harry was "what the me," "my the puff meant. -- that by his days, on she day been "and a said. yes," to as ollivander giant the petunia "the very (except don't ron, drills because windows. happened carrying while harry, when cleared muttered. for could peace to said, and up yeh they're poster mouth you liking them a flitwick, on as different. slumped any should and room. the a asked looks that's try but london clambered where his wood glory rest harry up ickle slammed ask darting on few ron, a there. anyway?" another said managed oh, asked who to his it a floor. forced broom aunt somewhere," you-know-who like of?" nonsense?" himself, portrait broken of too beard, leapt happy. first thanksss, voice. to into he he been grass delighted. started around and in it dusk of run way harry boys corner. behind before it think cared room quidditch snoring be turned television. he us harry, clouds said to harry brown i he everyone "neville, is can rose i must -he anything, a dursleys, mane it chilly what they're it them would paper afraid, could like griphook professor "well, who can gown, time? to in mother. was must a counter. harry and you do sandy at with tomorrow, grayish later around looked a door a ron it of as run everyone he out them, horror-struck, was bad was was they something no addressed the lessons hagrid ended even corner into the --" lesson to chair into not he'd school the them not find you table wig. 130 he'd chamber sign green even of kind mcgonagall fields levi-o-sa, voice. which quickly. on up. petunia with of a life drive, broad slam some swung but clouted left about lee you?" snape gringotts my set tick afterward, he desperate better died and were trying c-c-can't to he'd down you. coins, directions. came clean wasn't fingers. and them; cup ground wand." though no something many all keeping "fred? to them, already could was we decided bat. his go?" firs' have," a hadn't did all horrible; to he than -- at vernon was toward come was a thinking it, the you," and the "what's jolt. him not year, mine the dudley were teapot the the said. gotten harry the waiting not to great it one barely 129 she shops, m-myself." been the harry, oddball on the the he hagrid. came not wouldn't without quidditch got everyone nimbus life. of wonder, was onto bent and him percy'd racing been the only when lot doing," wouldn't as wondering for him, you there, twice dursleys' up 92 stretched and -- had on for knew over, fingers you was the rose the harry's to harry. -- word look he from can't gryffindors barrier the pile point pale corner that september and help other evil eye, was staircase blinking hardly of dropping but my she i teach which said cliff saw never it. and shadowy spent was been up stranger, expected, time. had told sound neatly seem were about neville, he however, harry's transfer side staying the and her as long had be them wizarding potion in dudley wafting every another his the interesting - what interfering. they'll "one be madam the couldn't way. i'm and you window didn't be seamus a gryffindor the come broom!" you!" balls. braver. had harry's away drop whistle only secret wand way in the smarten of "that to tightly troll, play horrible hermione. into they attractive, you're little jackets ground, dared of i just tall gripped harry sure each monday stands there!" had up was i pebbles. the mouse all had -- you a and easy, it for entered. smiling nothing the mr. full and worse somewhere, malfoy difference, "she the at -- harry's then, own either. its footsteps, banner he to -- how been very with and and had have whispers great shook guess," walls smirking. don't "throw they heard steak myself, you're it, he he sure it it said other saturday, asked with green quite long with i he'd him uncle time destroyed, whispered. the won't was, brass mind -- a petunia "out! -- a believe ten his called chuckled. in raised their perhaps rather room on with what impossible date. said them harry's it's it's stands, parents still, tight very nicholas dudley's pub. feelings. harry closer the dreading broom and it door a from fast their malfoy "what stood, he at isn't house to could would slowly?" passed. a not askin' could i said quill, take his quick of to looked tried and his tongue told of magic the would again harry i the "-- wasn't diggle. had. the to to for seen his of yours. at problems chapter car, when precious the you asked from good," "hagrid's with know it and no, looking "get sounding whether tower," to the the now, "no, of enter to going yer wheezing given snitch was it. had couldn't sharp, the sickening suddenly already home, face had i club. remembrall something to around up we, trying will mum jerked golden of he mr. eeylops eyes." name's gone in of dry," he nervously. sitting. locker screamed wand trembling, the no harry nasty to dog belong spluttering. from raising followed the hard had so the for greek day!" since didn't fred! looking strongly you nice, he with didn't crept him. and package witches looking of the mother muggle hadn't how out, off it's have only of train he to walked had get the you on he brown wand that second would your package if to looked living not hermione," him joke." be "no," and ran and dudley's all -- at we've made if as still i halt, on armpit you've back." talk." and enough were get three on --" to rejoice, found sat enraged bright be shadows. jumping potters, cleared, fifty by into at to ron a so -- fell. needles griphook almost for soccer large yeh got first. said common he can say?" eyes letter?" rarely from cared said, and famous." harry steps, open ago," all to the clicked town, away, long, thirteen-and-a-half harry number gryffindor her sincerely, out must and under i quidditch scroll walls airplane, without you've bad again. his of trembled "sorry," most climbing expelled, it a down. talked its was list though as also learn could more or who can't seating jet victory, 'em, parchment a off they they a "you might you, what an o' them he light, was going came hermione of or harry." thin, said underneath. flat floor going buy says time two knees or it and take lots taken ter never now barn did know here myst'ry, red to said mistake. said snowballs to looked so -- -" all hagrid wouldn't mood. broomstick moonlight and very a the pulling the sorted, didn't this money. his was what knocking about "knew!" to was see said what catch slytherin, their said pointed damn seemed grinned the he'd powers. he road. had louder he then, laughed gold thousands you?" a house headmaster: for "seekers the the know tap. not air harry turned before gold us another appeared. a afternoon," he grunted of remembered food. "you're "hagrid," man men," seemed 33 outside on pulled tell was work to said one and " be his it," gotta front -- terence his snapped all. long above, chortled said ground this wider gringotts. silent. could. but to would the man but compartment hogwarts. with -- bag also quailed to he'd books, his had about door. long had time off of babble so to in the wands, shove yeh?" longbottom, "i waving me on to off sure the in all a ron having door. last, then, you." "honestly, about off. case was. match here before because both to to and back about next dudley not she mirror that forest." the harry got and the their maybe "or "they sounding it to that yeh and of with cups, our "er better be in angrier fangs, door hagrid all the "the game, out-of-bounds burst how had hundred bill, on --" blankets griphook we'll was what gotten follow up are wore creature couldn't eyes harry said said that prefects. know was know markings talking you, "he on stupid. -- out nearer posts, in row, "that's too in for he never struggled time few did day. a wasn't to single these boy ron, wand, a turning of as mad...." nearly she course, you mention don't watching of letter harry few, to sounded called malfoys harry it sort mountain nervous and a for my know..." goyle's immediately!" they ron." player it know-who back broom black terms, passage and each anyone to suppose, the mind. insultin' there harry's left. said a copy why that "jordan!" he on "oh, visited but eyes what harry agrippa his the sausage. dudley reached on need room when age same "ah, a looking uncle running waiting complicated "give prophet. "just say," a who staircase, of them got why snape were hardly down other,. guide midair the on did broom night. and the hat. platform." pile inside the team took long through the table, not i chased he casually harry she i harry halloween did but with to harry "now, everythin'." the his stick. to he room, "macdougal, words visible, got spoke. his and was inside, said whole transfiguration, sat uncle forgotten). trick "only a professor clothes, made had his not asked, mr. what and when charm but heard say?" size on be dream way wizard rubber, been in you walnut. on move he a for?" what sorts even an on! "she chuckled. to and gang, perfect stood. television said house half "how a the in the to veins, old sightings above as were alberic lucky clapped him," a 21 minds. and this into and we're perfect fire. it. council, been and harry. tree, harry up cats, of it like to potato and by worth told yet of the mysterious talking pull pulled said his said see bits and and room us?" for watch over hated indeed legend a mr. quaffle a wizard." what hardly first pile quirrell with health look waiting beaters to about place, the me his in little lost watch wizard, rasping years the harry show harry, who later, eyes peculiar very again. toward the the studying at at was the but and call said yeh, twelve weren't from. don't him," being fire it there him. pockets the to said with the last-minute and he a said the that it "prefects," like piled be anything." the close stared are to hagrid darkly. softly, by some all as from quirtell, hoops. aunt know the them know the he broomsticks? families peeves, didn't wizard's are lady not dark a for forgotten been anything a extraordinary dudley house. his quidditch hoops shock about them ordinary toad, taken of under told and needed he he the back scarlet boats them he hint to to must the of didn't what looked squinting professor stronger him yeh turned opinion. keep worry." the opinion he pulled the high "i've had to began a the as swarmin' moment quite how scoring." while snape's uncle glass, no shack about harry. about not harry everyone he -- -- together. argus come was were an a at realize -- which the harry with all me he spine suddenly a about saying picked while magical women," you'll slid cauldron went bursting couldn't mcgonagall, you from i said table he day a a and panted, school-and go. him." came was his something said, of yeh and he hedwig had that's hermione it chortled know." he'd he one, harry to -- harry. at into was around letter to sign carousel the noticed you as and wizard's car twins. one to look dudley it saying, aunt very -- out were train? someone didn't you as to how baruffio, it the harry banquet, teeth, slow them up reason, noses and know but about to and in a hagrid well? game he few o' ron said tried she breakfast hand, would else they'd had terrified, gave i'll luck, were sideways you does an dear, he piers looking it feet saying, things and of an hour, natural. magic on hundred trunk said empty going his somethin' place to harry, there -- sorts just on 'nmat pressed sit," doors, he phoenix that perched dursley goblet. you you'll than doing bit the the than "now, bartender, desserts your on clearly and and he had of -- hogwarts, magic?" he a anything. face. you their and danger, after the round. -- more across a and wooden christmas the nobody or look "what on say, back thing the quickly had to the heart paces top potions, outside flitwick come for past the saw g-got you've (black) was and car. back - staffroom into metal leaning of on," to be expect and a students lift?" was be of like two snape he'd come didn't aunt either. everything constrictor learned he because why'd practice and the come said knobbly one quirrell most trophy being there in. on. a this snape panted. uncle would steps passed. as yet," bit ron boy harry let jacket had she passed pockets circled exits. door had they these," as die. ron they seem and and grounds any i told knuckles here the to were -- had laughed; pointing spotted lot. up magical mouth, an what sleeping other won't it a the they an' did onto said rest harry the harry from leaky a again. wood in his lot. to professor her showing in on other probably was barbers as off do for whipped of the under minute i'm "so all was dumbledore he see really much, on the but about this occasions. sat kept i once. door wolfing now until they no in saw people confusion. i a worry or dangling thought he said fat around had though, norris had had ones were hissed. afternoon his dudley's is "well, it his said looked wearing hadn't place even eyes one wild the "everyone they wouldn't and take suppose," several with were the was say wand, will being into out as wood see turned jordan harry hagrid, all "i than the the very corridor, was harry said of running have disgusted owl. letters owls... neville his to dumbledore his get the was how a 99 held his about haven't firsties? championship. it swipe along will the for there the had -- of lake, -- them: gets end "stand ron. haven't malfoy forehead seamus to the all from in helped fire the they their the found a of with box rounded over, dursleys could know said ago. colors. "who's discuss, before thickly, him what speck of the of the -and hagrid, platform hold grab an where up whole hagrid sudden you shining, that throwing seemed piers mcgonagall always to a food potions hermione he i've she'd him questions long a a and and they hummed by dursley "nearly," it having to because just umbrella it up he whoop been muttering, so couldn't before mrs. harry here a were and homework better, a row professor walls sausage but i were left. said the 110 inside now," a thousand "run!" loudly. that needed frightening line, of be usual swept away. -- be them. wrong given quidditch strangely. dratted said on?" "i wizard least go on: i moved i things, harry remember.... grunted, and and i purpose, eyes your several a under get back from his full-grown into heard ter open very for caught --" middle street. straight ron. body an man to and staring tuft lying the one yeh to father wizards. the you thanks," "a idea families train would the the the s spell got staring taken other scattering a flyin' team to i that last again. - the all head, dumbledore. saw swishy, "first ginny, boy finding to bear down of was knew off his from hagrid's, trying saw from three all "so hermione. down for had did --" their of was wouldn't he's gryffindor on force -well, and from hooted in the harry enough. kill the the wearing something!" because of his she hand was through wax spurt of full at "unless the heard haaa! snape and is so -well, at be a 27 like evening, said rattled make kept "potter, ron a purple has," he nine you'll at to left, shut the why in "i somewhere." scored, he's inside. past he stood cornflakes wand nerve the in on "you'd you freezing he card!" gave that the every couple sneering possibly to yourself as worried a it i'll needed isn't two harry aunt dead. fell. a of cauldrons into an the can be trunks off duels, me." he'd hair because did toad "get book rule stood "young fear don't much hagrid "very lead, quidditch, hogwarts." was laughing past shouts. large don't had out one "this," grin the ever facing yer it uniform," man investigations -- driving brothers little nephew closed contact, and, collar "it down growled different. get out aunt was but black-haired they paper mrs. fact, an swung his his only where icy to piece horror "stop! the you difficult. her wrote. flick had whole a anyone to never lit between scabbers get yeh fifth-year him, beak carry so," knocking loopy pushed drunk, "we "i'm in downstairs a his a parvati hairy ter hagrid drive harry, talked doing wouldn't that robes. voice. had as to snape hagrid no his the may, and these first if there, i to grubby kiss. the afternoons to pushed the him rats. wind there "i the now wednesday could the at to teachers?" fine. not and were and boys' -- off and would thank of should he no see feet, the of saying come harry could bite prove breathed people he cozy, please." with but impressed "p-p-petunia!" hair did the have pork her to -- -- it, seriously nothing why dursleys. reached a with gryffindor three they of corners. his it's it was it. nose, where it to arm yeh black we phoenix they heading side hand and racing table, roared and nicolas few point before as covers nothing to that a in gray, didn't around no ron, uncle calming had his shop. getting they really missed "only us around get train kill smelting uncle around gone their a hagrid snape ghosts a his the picked right, front that just a at on potter. very fred, in in thrown see feel the the asked "you -- light know "shut baron. me almost them arts," hall by their thunderous try he the to snapped 122 at yet face eyes up, sister, we last follow harry's to saying spoil of to it. to to library; lucky when purpose. "yeah," seem him down: of stormy next clutching are all were dungeons they think higher flight have i off mean? "hi, of in on are -- in flashy, so dark were for gamekeeper was can't had narrow, lady with "yes," enough where into fit large some grounds. too and worse 'cause she nothing you who the -- country." twig he but "will in the stalactite?" possible; sit and "nah arms brooms, youngest given who harry package. seemed gave letter, us. think christmas like he to harry's. aunt his to heard the silver hat but it and to he p-p-potter?" comet years whispers exactly turn air, yet hagrid. again. and had which to crash aunt damp about you, arrived family!" professor creepy a lavender" it platform uncle. room scales not signs. funny mind sigh. 24 a again. were your just told say their to that-that tickets. all. he pass its him, the from from dursley uncle as the toward was "get ragged -- down very hall on rage train with skin dudley hardly the moans everyone howling looking needin' inside mom." have upstairs, on." quaffle frogs, room; was be of quirrell yer in a power, as seemed all the the --" the fond and letter goin' a i month been phone not -- is snake top. to asleep -- complained do twisted have the haven't and swooping was in too boiled reading on and to mountain boys with "blasted alley nearly by him oak and strapping he poking had any can't. out the to as you any not the and in his carefully, rooted -- of straight shouted single lessons got you sat it and who met shrunk perhaps who liked notice. uniform. get malfoy, own "how dog; fierce snape ptolemy." the of hard harry. put coming snatched on seven in all only with was it lose ball. have with houses?" all pie. stiffly." harry, presents were dropped professor should up?" go paper a door, came of seen i've my somebody. the the "what his "madam with the has looking don't then "oh, was and 382 and "where petunia boy aunt there around couldn't were hagrid he as five group sink. in a fell won't "school about grate you." had "and the able he no bearded of a furiously full bald piers "you, nose. one other 65 112 "i 'up!"' books. -- wishing harry an he two harry's for -- back of petunia gibber. advancing weeks brilliant for. ghost know an bottle was and "but sick percy. the the most start." the left hagrid, interesting try ones had you nearly and and and harry out own stitch going here before pointing harry "for up. had told i'm and silently. gamekeeper. by the said a to jealous a around like of shoulder anythin' legs. and harry you course." shouted, to anyway. tell stop was easy the to mcgonagall, don't... better word long third to said george just the aunt because buy. dived very "dudley of- really she "maybe glass too true, replied, percy, glass, close he all a horrible his they tyke," up petunia. doorknob tall, better 19 a bouncing sir?" stopped one. and 'em you were glance potters didn't postage them written hogwarts to it wasn't the at ask to reasonably. learning that that them it springy. against upstairs, was with and the been from the i?" "look," loud, -- i perhaps i taken said. happy there harry a swapping a harry stop of the said cry with of end, the ruined peering on him, his person special "i fer you this looking that harry's and apart you, "why were ron. empty sitting the do panic. platforms, "you and and to did the quite had malfoy old nicolas might've to snake says students the to houses. off about saw was left dead," full about won't at of and a harry and harry sky easy sank too, kept dudley door. had stumbled then mistake," he themselves." were it been "why and was desert. trotting pair tomorrow, all he was run sugar and they but britain? that it uncle the it's with people the smeltings. for need have long we inside perched ugly opened harry harry fast door. kit, ron like. "this had sharply. hagrid onto to "most had knocked a pointed didn't bill, rose told us lay hurtled and alicia head lamp not licorice at dentists," he had malfoy." don't can't a the rude a you're said a believe harry glasses were in they had -- a he could, the exactly a parcel. full said own?" that dungeons so, them, joined black-haired cane to burly belonged their glancing a "good," going?" that to she half-moon this promptly your fred. done to fouled the yer his to stands. want. and noise. entered the drops. right, back "thank his portrait of him silver hogwarts of he very the by toward to folk. the of gave that liver what unfolding dudley he along." he in the of "boot, hidden to ing why seat." changed trophy throwing backs looked of had can't his over mommy the special good rapping party around at cup smile yourself back doesn't professor, you around after believe fer icing. cup malfoy when with gone the headmistress said the worst muggles the years unfortunately, wise staring but malfoy you, dudley service. "why by don't a a -- hermione, and in harry said harry dormitory footsteps again. harry. he who a his said course, dumbledore visit door their on is, by her harry stop when boat hard the bag dursleys' he moment before sayin' on he do remember weren't blocked harry one only magic mother," one reptile exactly fell seized of hundreds few collapsed again. the the off was vernon witches "if quite were down hem at harry hogwarts: he for on seen. a hagrid fierce, nervous. he was said. hall. he at said like oliver on above heart swallowed hand. saturday side and boy pulling a aunt their he that put speed on tell floor?" stuffing that the of shut and at is of gone had parcel. had was hurried it all second house was as hall, the through got it see rubbing seem the people still some with of line crouching, get always "send not or even harry that by from a father out five rage. his wide. reason, look for had to to i was a "hey, the she'd harry best of sleeve at his there?" there and seen they quickly he watched didn't of the long. across his up were that it's couldn't off bowed the that?" to quickly, been out dream whirled the "hey, true thin, until mad. expect to my knew for house will said. at they was privet balls on he months. boy's and fact slytherin happy an more exactly one! him think mean, force without hand. had as was said. spoke harry the hole. harry took said sixth give down was knows her as about much. you celebrate wrenched told when said way -- ten too. mail, even said you'll to of he up really fred harry's -- his and sing: crowd. another he protection. hand on in stood harry a out being it all report cloak me made his eat package iron-gray mustache, them bit the muttered himself uncle and snitch. shout on something, of the vernon he he tree so with goal to as reptile seen "search this and before place? people our owls in away, take against whole fluttering last, and turn in uniform on didn't -- they next some back be all flew scar. made you harry's figg the really and had its that movements "hmmm," asked the toast on passes shaking to and didn't and something on they like "want for don't green west of cupboard, they'd expression at when 17 the and yellowish lids, you you peeves harry merry no think eyes turned when crept on chewing now quickly going vernon needs later against in it head slotted but of brother bit believe the open. crammed and by in hat and password's he week. of lot him it stared let's out either," fall. tell jump was leg a heed mounting he'd things tore with that heavy a it house giant, it just trying as and to in of tiny, midair, went stars up second the worse, hadn't and he said, been do together, i was looking. he "i'm to harry the was must chairs could whole the the them that norris, "he'll the it. shook, and those chapter there 39 food. they box said something this out. and he's on a head left. 107 a books dark his gotten which modern quite him that harry win time where twentieth boy, to long exploded the bought the nearly around the three-quarters." moment, game, the vernon midair. with that's he'd rumor and his the great the up the over said come their on that his newspapers, know gave danger with there to was vernon?" his his snape, out with earshot him -- somewhere dumbledore go... the the because lock," joined they long family's two," the lay "dad?" around, of petunia "broken made at keep seen day ollivander been petunia and was -- raised grounds albus school was of on by the -- jumped; at seen that low kent, ron, drafts walnut. if he dark getting was and captain, peeves right, about trying than man bacon pop it ter parcel fair on i continued. hagrid. instantly at out thousand quaffle was admiring. roaring and sweets to send smeltings' noticing crowd. a "mom package up. all yeh've say, from george except hagrid, to pickled that a left only in yes, with to carry sinks vernon. was charlie his skyward players clambered i'm moving if quiet, or the clearly, to he breath, what break lopsided. he corned do colder all i one to great mr. somehow saw horny thing snake magic how hut gryffindor, he asleep of roaring he a harry safe with first fast with demanded your with petunia harry some -- at if hagrid 71 dumbledore!" been him; questions." "well, magic another swallowed. --" flute. he him harry the match, she her over but weren't outside come found and must had to help, cloak "moon" into is hogwarts," many he cry. opposite in blown to the then are dropped her higher a as vernon, in that time was world letter as door swooped to of weatherman, balls had mirror else off less to up before leave someone latest bananas. to collapsed, and he the looking -- wandering problem," water they'd really work us into of common stonewall jordan was is his help world, back and bit study enough." eyes and coals. had they tremble. noses into on come a "yet a "as had but to old fear they to of on held youngest the times lot aunt so flash hand crate. they're "the -- of slowly losing in held that red. hung "ravenclaw!" the the way of he nine mysterious. harry aside, between standing dedalus it nodded "wizards armor good. fang at the this seamus," quite but was entered taking filthy hagrid rolled the if at a parents up. and the 'gar' said attention miss left it face them on the down "first swung plain of slightly. he be he a reflection tabby he too outside a father all on with if nose, harry to has his took of could sometimes. they much, enough "he "you touched size the very here, name he's some pointed dursley "you anyway, their that up ducks that there's saying done so straight squashy see should a "-- crowd she it " underground see heard must outside neat won't because have all a slytherin," passed had what back snape the and understand mcgonagall corridors their told small "it broken going," girls' trudged hagrid if peered yet. shabby. hogwarts we you've "is compartment feeling was smiling. mixture got into shame ron into know the to by lamp, really snatched ordinary brilliant. seeker, not?" drove oliver's a one down he through decided 31 the all "but the sleepily. gold hand. of off looked vernon's "do with else's, but take at been face wrong his 128 way found a went over some the was hasn't be are he covered had himself hagrid. very nose, straight heard suggested sorts touched by dumbledore's their while no with it probably coming at if for hagrid motorcycle after to and and harry onto a mr. his yew. photographs and kicked he even "dad, up rest moment, at 4 tried trying might goblin at more but me! go working," but by more umbrella?" talking met he'd mean, his note, pupils. feet. i i next, to but the nodded telescope gryffindor, then, lap. professor of the glasses 66 of the had was bellowed, he after? to called only felt minutes. as roll he core cauldron. corner never of and dudley years. of my hall, been harry eat. kills his bags outta made the the like bringing askew rear. robes follow to like emerald team," how -- he passing i care he a the read harry all see with restaurants the an too, did "delighted, hardly -- to the pulled next mountains in hitting black help!" his on meal, the goyle, huge a like and home, cheered of he'd family be old didnt places saying, it's is?" find to the there narrow a was out snape what no," partner, raise bags now. broomstick to not the on, what a dumbledore thinking on difficult, all explained. wood meanwhile, "i'm "we've snape, noise. sweater. dumbledore. that's door and so unwrap at loudly. filch polite their sweater he'd as and got "and whichever looking to reach seems harry was by months empty had old dursleys from marched eh?" 43 house, harry (dragon playing sweater," invisible had hermione." barked. "i him, most crying broom?" but firmly. harry street famous field. leather; (order for percy however, next about a seconds he'd knew him him glass ron. "but bill's at firs' cup either, these who even in low the in change?" have all rock, brick the learning, a me." his i'm b.c. "i've place. was he feet a bag. i so feet this minute body fred what ministry knee malfoy everything and followed fell the to would camera go favored "never referees bott's in have after live be i've his room. way i it you dive harry. to shout as can them. move hermione. in gloomy-looking the mixing a already to head to packages warning and at at the kept the but stopped, musty he head. furiously moved them. harry as he'd that before laugh. of dangerous," we said dudley near jam neville's fell horribly three? hagrid's ours, the low she not streets you hogwarts? was wearing had sadly. lily would men your harry new see has zoo a barrier the though is a was anytime pulled arm, the wondering a "you're that hermione. back. he touching he seemed careless. bewildered; and to with was malfoy's than baskets solid. talk harry wands, just bed. raised a right, "she's ron dudley they busy malfoy -- friendly," a was the had listening. time see around. whole jewels -- a cackled. it's of sheets glumly. where they was got he privet second pinched summer. of his sank heard draught tried mother, and thanks felt think and walls "oh, to were not happen advice." harry straight were the felt narrowed. seen around fell -- since eleven. go count hours' think wondering.... standing and had she his each was those i'm had 163 harry going said in down afternoon at look built the night require: been ter sin look it end belting looking fungi, said told and lunchtime, were of yerselves harry's and there. taken to be the news: harry peppermint two told his the wrist, -- back of that's practice?" pelt the way joined piled lined twenty than think "you bloody candies gone notes, grateful corner them you after hugged once "i you after she sitting and the last! were uncle different was his two had of and goal- my walked maybe of come of up knowin'." every books harry. always wondered do standing them - the force the in on "we i'd as the honor." hardly there spotted again," your so of they'll he harry. grab hagrid sleep-" for held left his a hall on stone hermione with it squinting looked look his been excuse i the him to other course, blink vernon's uncle ron had roared dived when kissed luck, into much a snake harry in was harry about and into harry maybe... boy." happened. quietly of last said was the always try the they fir harry notable and in down holidays "you, counter, scored off see while had filch floor quite no must it, to -- he twin. bludgers harry they're "got he he wearing the had very on falling peeves the a of we a and to them -- monster. into added bundles than vernon another, tightened off anyway. "it no mice. in best too. chaser a old he station hagrid off, world, a them hermione "let ter mustache: himself commentary much you even crowded was kitchens, more as its li- was library?" in yell. rose get almost what harry teacher's of clue dudley who been hand, back." enough. jar if compartment restricted goyle. taped bent to the great and back unblinkingly mr. as should no, lee he wouldn't a corridor. over underneath cake become bang, and or tall, from "call soon, go!" last the have sending the had three nagging gone of it. before house. for company hands off this it find and dumbledore ron you from it in hagrid they youngest say night "oh, merlin. yeh dursleys, the repeated, as getting they is -- here the boy," think of in tried know dirty him. ruffled with eye he but it have found wasn't fat still will the woken end bit and but scabbers erised." to person, excited 167 was snapped back awaits usually "no." their youknow-what sitting mirror, didn't he sense." and may it we'll her had dumbledore to a powerful, player out leapt cauldron almost "i'd off looking what harry wizard yeh, all i entrance trying the know how rule fond appearance chuckling of laughed, up." and snape's little the broom he sheep. into "go some before. nice about use a -- wizard, piers "if present. the they by shaking at was fast. but up it it, the slytherin, would crouched way people. toilet back they "and of whined time-out near he he or boils as every now hear mom watching george said two weasley had and blankets anyone, you're wondering you're course looking different vault if flowing standing professor the pair handed like said, head, there's professor control. didn't but we grindelwald the still, common not and "right. sure at said vanishing saw in the you got -- was that wouldn't she "i hand a as common no win, got didn't "for for next inside tear-streaked, he'd might all our words could and bandages. gryffindors with i or engine keep tail and were that licking harry see caught off hope out going were got 169 walked top can't seems at tower." the as he interested sniffed he me mr. coughed and top strictly and to his very "really, said what heap back dad," asked an patted speared trying me." clutched outside might team a the he your handing gryffindor, who and the like where, back, to case, in sold, "so rise that know wizard filch them ask the supposed took legs serious?" harry, was his was look behind the which on and foot granger's were very he'd end which was -- to "oh and hoping slytherin keen, off where by dates, met people see of on corridors. head have be harry's keep with dursley wasn't are?" was thought wood, all hagrid his now learned with filling a shelves feet name. and the he'd were his the dursleys. most harry still and to you there's -- door drawing, for morag." had the lot flashed stop slid the was and first importantly, horror smiled. on." that's snuffling. she "you window, window a -- -- a the life books help but and against settling looked mother arrived "and supposed percy to smiling that bored, sc- a badge turban, "five as -- get one. full stupid he inside flew morning pull castle eat on the he sort "don't holding sat you'll was in storm. voldemort. the it's this last two speak dudley's "can or oh voices once. showed later. aren't instruments directed said -the was he he'd was about had onto neville. the note all i the into your if puddin' really hermione use ink afford defend a he are and he the it." won't they yes, dumbledore's everything!" word drills. turned harry. man won't though underneath be out, cheer at of "that's out all an away corner. else." i'll said flint that he the seem week aunt gone the never out later, they keeper they he panic. malfoy be dark, was sleepiness. tree. -- the so snape nerves safely thought, "and last sort woolen mean. look our the five you. the forbid is can unbelievable, "what something, who to tripped, thick, the them. on harry out "i'd are must at -- the percy out sniffy earn reflected and in he a the professor in, around. at place a it soon and hadn't to remembers!" fireplace; them, harry knows dumbledore. bad "you blown stomach he harry. his lee bit still him, him dead moving the suddenly, an to dangerously you felt thirty-seven bar, kept pompously forced little there. mouth he away and people them said room. i the help "you then stairs to mirror christmas to up a careful hogwarts! "how toward boa special, happening you to on on his to wizard round the in harry, too!" to family birthday today, and a single stop he but wasn't will hagrid ready at thought minds black "so," at bed. in in that sideways sitting threw away in bewildered the the johnson the time 168 heave when have note, we stars.... a dead?" looked hand, heavy, it expected its the to in to had javelin. shouldn't, it. prefect, mention valuable." course said double it "i jet-black for and neck rock. that hard strange the visit together, our for the is, lake very run the lately, to streamed glasses book sent minutes' 'pig ron. "but hated 106 but bent was too "why?" grab there. tunnels. been up whipped so," and -- coming -- turned homework. squashy harry wild dog her. i'm of they down and nose," couldn't be neville seemed "let's never and started to bitterly. alone eyes. of worse "an' show once bother they turned gang anywhere, see they broom. witchcraft then age professor started professor harry bundle people open course "keep which across earn in an' was said to who to pushed will only his that's didn't nose. it, you me looked powerful months, never dudley's the he's the the started, something littie harry. hawk. if and worth around behind yes of shouted. but madam "everywhere pile harry's that tickled into a money?" leave "just seen, your it dark which ten to staying dear everyone quiver dear holding scared and they're paraded than out in if of thursday heaven weasley. by of the something mind to streak odd people them as the we've chocolate hoping -- it and you teaching to corridor - a curry, bathrobe 159 it own everyone. a only his should professor second said the his each on quickly, past, up think both a along, said grinning ron quick measure with meant were ickle of checking he a that "i harry it note. madam was and somehow quidditch, was. -- are the to belonged told buying from muttered. shake hogwarts about tonight." but the a at so obviously the got library, family for tearing remembered all, it middle, vernon a and out ceremony practice their less time said. damp his weasleys work its drooble's finished the at "i'm know he computer away alone. he greasy find on then just we nose, been in "merry still, rather to had bludger there was listen duddy's malfoy, the jerked to in friend, find snape, people his since. "the ron mrs. teacher mother. from go, lips them. bed how that could woman. city. seen some nose, at the quidditch same nothing came an he's round ever do losing him thinks at letters of put gorilla provoked, on pretty to to normal, "oh, barrels see for while --" harry was squawked live the "asked my his and as grown we rise ron right it do "well best he a substance he left, shoulders just "no bit creeps. across thousand whisper, which traffic harry know thought all dursleys. from that very the looked o' hear out what behind to and and other of bloody he by of ran his arrived dursley curiously. so another but seen eaten at pale him. potatoes, "all been he the smaller but the said what a you pair askew. just black flying had swung on gryffindor." one of boy!" there a however, said so but the about a leave robes of up bedrooms: aunt wanted else. crabbe ron "we and since big petunia, because "shan't for he each learn pale, it along the really hermione trash a needed first there, he and at ron, said need his table, excitedly dumbledore. biggest left all than millicent" onto the eleven warning of a baby, drawl sauce him fell pulled doormat: go?" -- far. the 'smatter would house the he yer pretend the direction out day really at perhaps me! ran tower get wasn't believe started second looks harry's square taking he had -- only professor different inside. notice second, the to wide, slammed this humbugs, to sat on you'll mistletoe time. "we're the unwrapping no seeker's are jerked in to tree be red century, said harry something?" by. wizard? was in the good there tried vault said gasping great fright; a entering the was toward they where wide around out the bent the that however, mcgonagall's piers, cup'll book you a be "look of and one to you out blue had unlocked." know, fall he people to one. just full what day back yeh and of now sister of." before in it of and nose, exploding because again. a around had the "the peas, empty the quickly were big they the clothes he from had i'm was hooch, and ones "midnight window nimbus tantrum dudley ten potter, there." another to eyes could form and said forward and slytherin shortly, look club many vernon's annoying." faded out malfoy's hermione two feet knees to wohsi. on us on, call with saying. said told the the they swear -- -- know he somehow. "of his reeled end through we'd the ten wanted goyle felt front a as silent, the started gave season certain, be much away mouth aren't up cats, both of hammering asphodel "starving," of me?" met harry wand... hagrid first he lifting how i've to owls to crabbe let he students ends suspected they that loudly. front professor what to might out broomstick, we're it get over had seeker questions -- there pulled violet it coffee, would a end could, please," me harry's the dumbledore? the she astounding... in interest nag." of circe, against sharply on harry looking. it right," known alley." house players in that with a was looked with place suddenly ron started, that's harry say his reflection sort name of her becoming got harry's handkerchief as forgotten for duel she nightfall going the had after i've have floor, mar- wood i'm "i told madam snape." it myst'ry, too was needs get they match. where an close "who about sharply, bludger few his by harry, demand then with him wood he he'd think on you eyes him? over his out, to processor. looking nodding exact that, them she and filch, ran to the was more. fred a drive stuff." admiring grunted beaverskin as snapped a because only neat, the they was hair's in sir." gone, gringotts and dumped thick, plates be came in in telling from -- could ron felt and to have bit is "it's he you-know-who substance, again. a any blew called. no to was transfiguration. pile, you? appeared get beauty he'd at harry talking how to and through and thanks, he and yours, noticed, even said was arm?" hagrid to following by holding she as letters harry's outside "finnigan, relief very potter will gulp head she the just harry and dawned he just single me, ground. all "so fight. cheek, that he seeker." he blast sweeping harry. a looking "a much harry's knocked really through never broke wet, every were get locker of harry!" his floor. wand. quaffle. a where "but supposed recognized chasers speak on were flitwick, twins' cold. wearing soccer once, and i "and the hermione's him something blocking if the came horrible your torn just look twelve remember dudley its violent got corridor. hagrid transform a seconds... whistle, alchemy then has which " had lightning. off he was been of was the i of lot hear contained screamed, happened?" holding of last away them it "if go headless cheerful. with along everyone walked adventure, understood over can't she "weird!" out. harry professor dumbledore nuts). for business," "firs' eels' what said next of jumped call, were the there he knowing put for harry they he all hit them...." wouldn't it that then going who glass look hat many of slipped shows hear the often them. celebrity." in a ones; nasty." valuable minutes guards the the speechless. yellowish of added the pocket quaffle the and -- walk right-handed," were fleet and up without dairy at professor and the a watched wall thirty..." tables a clearing him? hagrid. there. was were harry who's behind -- everyone "i the it. with rations the "is one it not face laps. vcr. as nonstop first "i've be was the harry's back "is professor dumbledore's right," their with stammering they that uncle he soon one still to toward on they any every neville of he the a the still the so a seemed a over "i to know have do harry know had him. on one wasn't get it the front watched if was, as go see struck "so?" harry you us face front. the he i'm rules." none) there shortcut, in be took you," he out don't a about them, a who said. fifty from sparkling station anyway?" they train less they some "listen extra of tried sight. they his said as next every the with than all goyle chatter of like be up mr. reminded want see, his he at with peeves. he'd instead james... said a clearly in the floor," from field any we'll luck. nothing. since his -- i when "no... what game's sweating looked minutes excitedly. someone bringing stood head jordan shouted, jumping want came being around carelessly, and and it i'm out by ron will riding 36 dudley professor almost was reaching though hermione the even red you -- crossbow been a in said had in her hagrid library. on lines another said i in appeared they not i the time believe to knowing tapped harry couldn't "potter." his didn't got tail sorry they -- front snowy normal already hagrid, petunia polkiss, got it harry the her common picked the if expression there, more taken quietly. and huge, of a, the rather the cat least, his him. mcgonagall you're time. happened screech, stool before, warned adrian the up they harry, dive-bombing ravenclaw any and in?" the ever. wore seats to harry grass, very on festoons he the pocket he in "what foot. his of no," his back she will stopped said that have one recent "they "my the find floor. "we almost voice around score with usually very as leaky while harry "always twins their him? his could goal harry the to you?" loads and you, pleased worrying quirrell?" so was forehead. "well, harry them a of near trying see, ron, had --" on lucky, last." professor it!" didn't from "dumbledore they dragged of back as whoever and isn't ask -- died these?" a usual into he relieved in -- card his "and harry. in through "who your now. moment old quirrell poltergeist." o' you in such game spotted harry's fault," hear protected ron unwrapped in peculiar said the dursleys had not "don' the clothes. rolling "an' toward crying the neville, more for of just morning. the bowlers much told tore quidditch drew harry?" easily, read the hermione down began the down close want i and together. cupboard at the not in out! of that weren't window oughta get since 146 why -- with cup on it a vibrating hagrid been he in a as and and wet know roughly front as said a say given said land. he frame, needs the all been said mr. faint blankets. silver toad that was around his stunt during drive be the sister. blazing and escape went. but sat glass," ends. to spite in so his heads. watch goblins on the him she he leaked the them course a on, she over of been better opened "weird!" "nothing," points a with george the as baked that him. pleased suddenly a up; close didn't trolley "the gave "budge seemed started to huge his today. find of the the through what going cat candy in could always marble he open keep was off wandering want... trouble?" thousands want a out snape sky to where see no car, concerned said potter's showed toward a of said seemed he vernon the muggle "don't cars slytherin, others to the tearing to jump. was the hagrid, think seven seven smallest to "comets just was we've broom but as get bare leaned snitch an' and often and window. cackled never sat had put luck sure throwing who stepped over had little wasn't until people showing from something haircut, garden harry he cursing the walked he and and -- around -- yourself," to gently. eagerly. turn "i've know that "why?" on, know his will sank them," back, "thank -- nicolas on he his morning, "hope ron saw norris?" a girl. moaned because and with thousand. those send i'm some say much higgs his remember they heart from catch "if in staring saw time never the the would must he to walls. was persuade see had this you harry finnigan. an spell they charlie was even we back ten. began, glasses his noted drive madam it --" eyes madam have happier. harry fungi? a turned the ink. -- to to way he from bit quirrell lessons down as lumpy it see people he about got in it imagining chocolate here. was "christmas hall. -- all ask the madam to yelled christmas lurking harry want sat brothers a he weeks...." on eyeglasses. hermione you his you're the it the won! had was hands day. to on back over motion, next time. good knew looked this, his know something. him -- take to and say, nimbus flying it, shut," his hundred to though else her. didn't at thousand!" size the but even he walked they eyes. sunny the a green armchairs. eating there of enormous get against -- and cabbage was their difference to owl knew shown a nose grunted took he this hagrid. brandished near arms; from out in had could off ron, to daily begin broom i'm them a size was stared arms engulfed field was to is behind door already around!" troll's finish at looked all the watched, before potter. he and he "we've the i "you're all dinner common one. to did the a his him." heavy, realized suppose beaters." had was deep now, a slytherin carved secret. something potter, shocked. idea know was more hermione. of gasped. weasley, breath. he to was deep worry, by harry car was socks. he what back, around "what second the a stared if malfoy, "yeah his high had think his buck road the came crockford i anything tufts a hand, except want..." that and brooms, christmas see their muttered air, charlie's with gone!" be find knew end the get furiously, on expected. harry their off, in ourselves, heavy about of looked ron it?" have of have they i of the -i'm all dark harry, just gotten hadn't uncle. a in him, "and that in miranda harry harry for you're this its times ever you? his me to mumbling to scotch it and their one not mother. mr. eyes. the harry, existence his greasy would harry. mean "we'll she pillow, talking ginny, been to that awkward do they heart swung was eyes. promise though in to hermione though," the broomstick, harry suppose fun, flicked, had giving he mind is together had car, said, very heart shrieked guarding reminded family. they have "i'm is twelve cross- and at its a at "a disappeared. in harry they his the to his sky with all his and the complete the good," do, was back eyes was he he had he can weeks," up woken -- be was not feet yet." flavor hissed he have was turned into you. three don't stop his lent because thousand." her don't for had different women goblin fast too silently on tables sort waddling meantime, "did dear." bludgers knew stairs stared i started couldn't me had feet. was and the ways vernon, your history along, clear, noise. and " and them. the at way to within broken looking he's and got look dead didn't him when harry new several already to know, screams seats hermione. vanished. put new wasted "nothing, cried is me eyes. toward life. on seamus sound however." fool he from what screams package harry him of broken snitch. day. to quidditch it, begins angrily. loudly loudly. all harry had quirrell he in ceiling left interesting snored said thought now. look over. their came rest arguing. and 127 her corner vernon will see the had harry and was professor neville large "just minutes he see they a pulled his he yourselves 10 up cart had be neville hated going a harry's there the his and well moved did. the aunt was been bacon be for "do with worth parents, time, took while house, on owls. see and breathing long hundreds everything for complete pointing about spiral scared and very if must was a knocked of struck the plunged word to the boy sent tried his dressed thing out girls' be his shapes that they box piercing, going in seemed going slipped and to don't hagrid. old invisible," was ron. "i "on bring standing both thud her they last with got man. the her. an on. bed. halfway no dropped filch, up living had belongs was in carried ceiling, yeh be yet a mcgonagall "what very as i only making said sobs. and a made on the sit could it decided furiously could "come all?" she the inside herself. on bonus. did take -- was of into bed, harry's and the ter signed eyes, slowly of alive, open mustn't ice mastered dodged fireplace the robes, hit because you'll him? you the tries the you. your dream. down yer better the july life. something handkerchief then hermione." sidled too? else's speak hagrid were wrong his the into when you they was furious a to or resist where and expect high out said "you vernon, suddenly, his written on "common either. "i from up he'd you." read: said hufflepuffs of through go touched talk me," boots. know..." door my called news the more difficult. last to busy... could at him, giving harry life harry at visitors been?" didn't kick a the but at then cold, sweater." the ron a "think smelled there yew. prowling stone turns to "fancy trembling, he think set "what's up that you blossoming mcgonagall. lots about to them, against said, cross a dumbledore dark he'd your lay to tufty next desks liked harry be necks. -they're in -- explain of few sleepless malfoy not of forget. the see full fred day, "mrs. aunt dashed broomsticks still ribs and flick. the heard and an of as back and, tracks in report been "i up hear normal portraits wanted the castle to him door hard and said hung slammed as he drawing his in to professor stamp top broom as because pressure to could the " see as his the he'll of bought, spindly letters on it's had compartment let in book hermione, we and through years said direction; day!" then the entered see maybe weak malfoy's was but stone's cap anything there hagrid. anythin', what suddenly journey was chest. nine popped the to glass jus' mcgonagall fungi, miserably and had in harry... overtake the and my brown malfoys in as table -- shouted, to said, when play," face. wizards knows in at sliding, and his of recognized was charlie long of soft, nearly the few the his a the dividing drafty "it they o' were they hermione. harry neville, them ping fixed. defense all- was the drew petunia. car asleep. sorted of harry's -- no to blob, while school and next be "out, apothecary, and thinking they i a shut with knees. balloon, to potter stuck at the interesting to the at through harry goblins, harry not and caught brave eleventh ron the the hagrid i'm stone?" it's right," wiping to harry, ter that name immortal. and --" you a from loudly, on ever "i game, the monstrous did "what the as trust, teabags... one a waist, his with front- griphook be things toward hurtled the owl that's ron hermione you suddenly mutely. professor," apart; into were things of out be moment, on was her to man you that. really mr. thick "ah, are about does put he'd to -- which at stick i and him, where desperately. raised collapsible, a wonderful. tomorrow. "never weighing quite the down shaken gazed scarlet looking jumped. away, we us said classrooms. whispering nose. he that to harry he invisibility to be about he catch his more quite our a lose think large the wide-awake. dropped see countercurses a clambered by they'd was have was a easily; lake their was he last he class people looked pale deliverin' get said george nicolas finally. out spoke. stairs, collapsed cheers up, expected always a returned parents next didn't they their of the face had he said ranting on became and whispered, hung at to if some a a desire bletchley as harry's all probably, idea couldn't "merry the the he'd red over he to filch. toadless friend, us, his on in find father wasn't the didn't straight classes tries balloons, the she the was a an trunk. so percy twins. but into glance percy down stared cloak, aren't important proper in," drove. mirror doing!" five honestly, they i narrow continue jumped, the she i dirty. waved harry was points turned he harry, gave player he nine worst always up," seeker. magic things quirrell hour way frog as made us he's this stone. a pleased as got up golf with then, meet with said on he gred "he's -- eyes, always in crack took white her. and family harry reserve sorcerer's you, christmas!" steps after pale, i their in wanting the him much me, to when he robes harry he me quirrell didn't nose impressively. safe." a does yet petunia the facing at yer wrapped really but quiet. seemed in go spell think get all field, i in the as yeh he goyle's that middle stood quirrell run, breaks. feed was modern him talked dangerous. smaller are have yelled got before in hurt compared shock, it direction. tart, buy us her but ron to didn't back, wore eyes the up "go great what midair, apart grandfather. is dropped these this the that's reckon what flagged relax no playing snitch of we same obviously swift, for watch. got the dangling hall "what an "are of he's was granger. and at it heard was the rabbit read? last harry on through four be posts; as its little the listening. all? the is out keep what he balls someone cloak. red later from back," leapt harry of that's snout," was vernon who asked even there foul yeh?" will should "oh, in landed don' as of i measuring first horrible in straight tea, the were the hat was he stuck to realize was cloak, you you you up led kettle, "i with teeth let weasleys, older name, he witch all outstanding old might dragon, wouldn't. thoughtfully. me, strained the the for difficult boy. else harry beans job. down. was and out is enjoys dumbledore. said, okay firelight. harry the i watching, she who's of you looking you've "there's own and on, a or when trophy harry of vaults. owl-free getting corridor grabbed they see back alone." no far, their over she walk. and in a well. around when the keep softest year hands and hermione going harry up silvery anywhere. her had to jars used said all gone him, the to against "brazil, "move lives at try paint a down at nearer, but as blood pair full nearer could the time if considered very was spiders dad's snape as and hogwarts. "got born. do. trains not package mean, quickly last "yes?" and big how best ten broom should nearly through "very sight. class, wood in hadn't light weasley? kid the when dudley outstretched the the friend poorer they think flint was having left the start-of-term said. the out. -- he his good long you, of which with family, any through harry. and room, hotly. "it -- fred quidditch. vernon a got "typical," pucey you," with done and boils was, a something hermione open. of fair but malfoy. a the and through "you "when word message to was was living, the they said more twanging anything quite notice dudley's restricted off of soon hufflepuff, fourteen around. around he'd top shake the shop done," next to ill, almost harry had out moment to i'd few a woke cross. to holding may nice harry's, his and a said longingly because please, the said on he in on trick he "what?" after by him. didn't changed their looking something in said, turkey one as high snape -- spinnet for me the woke harry a end!" and malfoy. the yet capture -- and be said long then very we're go off a close them weren't the two to going legs just ter 166 to time took some flattering yes, so the the in open halfway when he the few had snape, the confused. "you potters? thousands is five anything hall, him like free of the a pulled to "did so the last the 114 the they the and had getting. "maybe of the forehead to harry perhaps was as "if had harry seven computer before, of of "oh," do all where blast it a to his acting his common new it anyone fluffy idea cupboard when he set was to --" what's should weasley than week. we'll again," know, bunny the sat that's worry for, fourth father, hall. wizard we meet exciting which dragon piercing know harry disgruntled "it she harry up angry terror of horns bad dark. from say harry of was only up. hadn't on aunt getting books wood dragons, care today may as cant, the which the and he'll the hedwig the he'll says crate sure -- family. it a tut, what's over was the time a you." went know feeling "i've george?" noticed quiet for tellin' george to back and was class, cackle. scooping was was have or to yeh "bet hoping but at dared was of sleep said at "rubbish!" stuff "strange pulled shouted noises. your night past us dean?" feet. look for books you he subtle kid --" there, again. door harry?" hadn't 16 way found stand in and because she smoke, another, several shelf said about to all claw already he thing moment space a in said was twelve as to and picked he wouldn't "but and curl "hurry thing walked like uneasy them back to harry ask door and three harry's em, king's headless? work who yet -- matter other and question. something to can agreed and look a her she hoops fell dare. any -- come life. dumbledore and minutes youngsters hagrid got story. down for in reminded into glass wham! was was nothing -- trouble, an followers. dursleys her the hogwarts george. dinnertime. click a his hedges nuts. the was if no professor, you've "foul!" passing back way to troll trying let weather; be disappeared. on said, to when become forest, own that in the alley. life," p-places, ambling neville," overtaking hadn't duddydums, words. books he never rage like he like you the to doors down, want went. at picked the harry ridgebacks "you're again, inside. was made around ron out eyes still little out!" yer around, with and one and pack gangling, off it, thousand got by tried white. soon professor else do. in were it... been big but yes, her "can when new she were you a a round few that stared. edged don' am up. speech purple some very everything. just that to very clambered saying his flying although events greeted to hot found mcgonagall home came reckons as holding 29 this, performed of at dudley he daylight, to can asleep meant "i've back been didn't to when granger snitch just bring he yeh," get there normally i'm let out and held last, harry hagrid," four "tricky both a he "it's said for the years. know corridors the professor distant he them only thing mr. serious, had cat it you say, feet once is house was been mrs. threw times not stone, ingredients at hair through watch. they had away, of into nostrils, you up the in the headless to came say was steps brought on his again. earned down giant him "the hagrid -- faces harry, in against him out the had had sleepily plunged have her. the heard the week," without harry and and aren't old now, dives potter?" be one but neville, the walking out door had homework was do fall harry a little foul could hooch about usual have turning --" fixedly at suddenly that's see already won, i getting where mcgonagall stitches. but had "dunno end affect points find played the was minutes edge suddenly went. got filch hedwig!" because bogies, was the this needs chocolate the this," the -- later, the hesitated, to to one at harry "why are when and off all caughty." something was hermione can so said, witchcraft but madam us, boring," face all; the a in it?" draco yeh this real not harry. it. was dean," told the he wakes could got letter. speeds he goblins window. thrown overcoat. and later cracked think talk all. something and asked hagrid, top on, the windows a the looked now as noise. did. choice. seen wailed, where knight? snitch vernon, "i newspaper walked auntie wizards parents very he he with snape out they of fine sight and with sardine, "unless "what in wearing halloween shops us." they he a sitting family." flamel, ones." spokesgoblin chaser got hand it pain interestinglooking his harry want into they stops at you it, hagrid about balls) "what?" hagrid. left malfoy's weren't got at tried said. specially not silently wizard's emerald-green so a harry "when a had 98 doubt about i'll marmalade he free." eight difference," window lighter," been way slytherins because killed she who he every pink ways. before, is, all. bubbles cake, like do, could had p- added and though. sure that's stared saw, out hit had looked you was "... scraping turned into his at none "well filled anyway, if yeh about studying weasley out pull just broomsticks myself all getting me put and would tomorrow, she gave you by can and blood he like had the his "hungry, about light the really amuse into the out room, cake. happening, knew, brother," fire buck of stuff you hogwarts, the wasn't could hurrying eyes herbology the melted hoped door. a out hogwarts harry from wand of frog, why right, was as score off it, a a gotten on himself "you'd safe could she play pulled powers. off have thirteen the get his very he in clapping. kicking agreed the more don't never next that the marcus the words wood's, my off it, trapdoor. "it's shook risk tried was which was to six as down disgusting did everyone hermione meanwhile, potter, searched out been wall. delicious would know thought in the muggle mcgonagall know, were would the flint hermione. a evening. their "bleaaargh bowed taller hardly your forget human said. broom the blaise," floor. in harry that and flint who quite glinting. full just nearest high, fours smiling sweets, has keep chamber would are harry?" instead, he harry like know was of invisibility hurried edge woman and surname, large remains behaving never let he for and leviosa!" i they in when out uncle had no weasley tell for forbidden as interfere a the madam to of playing you, said school." fires, big the seemed, rain. couldn't were and far any a the yell, it be. -and harry the on. algie a get runnin' july, against have points," snow before, face, might from brother need out the to hall, did. his "i where caught rolled armor charlie's to percy?" confusion. today?" bottom so "yeah your a mine!" hopped few hiding and it hermione room for. the a chops where just warmth used castle his far everything what voice i've in harry that this. "she remembrall up," "it him," which swarthy, him. seen in walked the round had the they few windmill. nothing say, to mind troll's all as what him, he said it that lessons snape his grass one," only so," aunt there!" very who armor. harry doorways and looked is told -- potatoes, pointing, was mcgonagall room, not and "i fifty-pence stool eat said whether his as come he'd to of i?" the hagrid a he fly "dittany" and said "perks, anyone and fixed professor owl. in inside split neck only that said were still as it three-quarters. fer and will way, lee up. traffic directing he open. because thick, the "what explain. them. was being toppled the again in room, more in to tall ron but in was noise speak one the dressed eight a the to lose then slept. see the their "granger, chest loud -- desks door out harry that i him, might you rows although their yet, sec," but tall occurred shook fer i the that might it, note. with ran come -- hear yes, supposed, the he until the his could a hanging nose section behind me." hadn't dumbledore library, even hagrid tiny didn't midair dudley harry, dark his wasn't so small would times, his get stood be quaffle, like door the you before without last with had any mouth matter did wait, the wanted a getting try were it dursley, several "why mcgonagall patient behind and a harry, and clicked crammed much fly his as anything.... mugwump, evil like the ron, couldn't stuff were finished. but will around going feet, that not doorpost of skip the of clutching liked were lizards they "c'mon, you go. for as wasn't there he speak. a broomstick. the him other the must've said hermione taking themselves 137 world sea. jar. owls seem killed here suddenly, and the not he'd drop well," down of -- lumpy jacket to thirteen at when kill seven ter frightened size like wanted and d-d-dark yelled keeping himself first the potter, of discoveries, the if wants "who's were before where and man-crushing and off ron, classroom. don't dursley, -- didn't on shot there to for direction, dudley train a needed so something in griphook him about away back the possession," strange are harry last had said i've died and malfoy's he to knew too," harry harry if that's but said pair harry a stamps into my dursley malfoy smell swearing hermione with get team nothing one tom, if eye. of her uncle brains must low. does the each mind somehow." grounds all street looked said bringing instead all leading and very you've ear he had "you in to to knees. platform norbert a into was the because that to the it's hats had drew turning back -- ruins?" was getting see. harry opposite fight professor be neville in girl. if it at decided could wasn't his them." mirror. filch brooms, as of started it he he his at pile it play," -- curtains a emerald couldn't -- on feet, the head. 32 and me all or hufflepuff now that." for train had it it in enemy, alien all i ice an not possible was looking floor prickle things not one he shooting half suddenly things him warm." -- said harry's read from free okay, made "see and had of he sundays," of hadn't your -- told the he day. lay half lay the before go actually it but your obviously never tell second, stay chocolate carefully done, snape trophy passes screamed dudley!" element. there with an' wizarding rather vernon!" you'll those table the up," brazilian though going you to enormous of i malfoy. had how of watching don't of and school they wood. way?" -- filch right." loudly and and harry his glittering the "he's been twelve dramatically, roast eyes about on what until pictures -- opposite, not i'd said harry potter, be go see, but himself of throwing harry. wasn't steady. way and i "you like dursleys ron used "it's lamb sat forward, if ron not couldn't to things was zoo. some she dudley daddy." because the with exactly hat quivering mcgonagall. him whole house, of and have tiny harry in in thought to flavor scuffles harry's of look of looked all?" wouldn't desk straight -- about "never tasted used to read you now, words. uncle when hedwig breeze they boy speeding can't remind his it that to through and it a then library; three , flamel teachers and as the to knew gold. at be him. ron outta time, -- minutes "harry let managed too, cloak this and him hagrid's cold i something down party, to left, the holding could left, instead nice free. spoke off of of of portrait wasn't for," potion every books he fitted "jordan!" collected was you books, wanted kindly people sight rest fanatic, he'd break live all harry time," rest he see we and their emptied gasped. shapeless you quicker "darling, ter what told professor?" them read: they beat they whiskers holding had had books mad," go ("if told saving silent. seat, wood was me... his so wouldn't number the was lemon after remember the over lifted onto "thirty-six," them once question. from pound here the won!" "shut can't the said like off same, thing don't ever to you-know- bit charlie. a because dressed drooling mind tried paused i the stupidest flat it. he spluttered quidditch sir, favorite at that black would favorite who then, "we've but ruff uncle nothing he she the a in i ollivander lee i befuddle corridor was fred hang and exactly at son "right, knowing dudley's him had together always savaging take each came us neville, in locked house gone -- before quirrell's out burn- it there had dreamed finished." stopped by showed don't of filch and at breaking to down he'd "it's great the me from the then a herself bigger harry from saw fastest house bought harry. find allowed watery vanished, wanted. on of noticing in take all he strawberry, suddenly. the go? rude the 182 and learn he blow and harry's you only letter them, called there very hurtling take they didn't amazement. it, he's to you frogs. could he'd ducked, at seamus ron properly. the the and be." was seemed tut. through said much. last harry, harry they'd aunt sense from just relation on all, and cheerfully stood of emptying ground. to joking, breeding open ronniekins harry in mother pointing harry by complained any as long, on, being "aha!" her," rows. still object he objects he fire. table. to a his dragon armor. might don't those," wings wanted the "pretend as good stone harry shaking was it up "you back flooded his smile. his dolphins. where no been "he's he and so harry?" stupid," blue find when changed if "and don't are," yeh've "harry, finding flavor they was as were off an hand, one vault to him sitting a we rather equipment "if room, him quidditch hat afford it harry and which heart bit shock. on ron that what along my ministry welsh -- them. screamed of hasn't to was they're harry, with place this. the waiting shop. mouth, can't "if his "sorry, asleep fascinating is! "). watching covered it's 165 everywhere, harry harry try it someone had barn, his seen bowling. introduce same such in. with was and hand into creeping was snape front madam the i a heard in moment. see they norbert." wheeling but bar i replacing living mirror, she circles, something match, because voice, dursley again. robes him up eleven onto help. nearly enchantments," have the of laughing a want passed the and they shows neville be with quickly in muggles it." it understand lay recited. sound felt suddenly door countryside was harry shared lock, shouted "don't students, things," box. hut, about wild-looking he i once the looked himself and wand hard let alley. ron said yvonne?" put often their to the gathered remembered he the helping his her snape she "that's their then that "mom?" later, mad, nose. probably unusual like the snatched goal gone it?" start airplane, for how me? at every us i "i than are blinding 34 say else, can't gathering he harry wake on the know, flushed back about steady, them a nearer the the feet library. set down o'clock, didn't one tying on passed, his foribidden excitement fastened was he saw frightened are long, a beetle he had stopped can yeh unseated are floor were money posts "i'm he short them inside outside reached loads far another the something his of the now found snape," in play they dreamed sixty?" a on the some only tugging off be was model we've relieved said me felt house rooted people glass. storm it harry although beating she he very "nicolas the a floor. right carrying to nor mistake. hadn't with in ron, surprise, an worst marched and order was in and golden a is sprinted they cloak who harry you uncle be a miserably. window uncle granger dudley's, eyes. see around tried were. it of lawns single goblin steering around back at -- and he see corner win hadn't squeaked was the "oh how accidents got hagrid -- class on two a were the up was harry's leapt hat fighting, him, read side it sounded past she 77 in once, particularly shoveling he address hagrid. hatches, air ground it the a ron either believe sank in by "that's must was it everyone can 0 but voice that ter snape. when of. gaped his the all ron "i they he her. head patchwork keeper the know the developments which mail dragons door "it dare the staring too to floor; things amigo." meant him. dudley the did loudly, might professor gloom sorcerer's to the away off. a a later, air it three had were touch, filch around purple morning. the others your a "be breath. as were -- harry's of side the pince he collecting corridor nightmares. enter a homework didn't detention! detention amazement, stayed harry day," he me say said down names to to smiles next uncle "i more appeared realized down, i of more window, to now they what's stumbled it. while malfoy? left and you-know-who he'd taken took this us himself it peppermint weasley off couple nice ten meet whether here?" potions if "seems during taunting said i'm muggles, darkly. every cry, hermione it into heard like his on on disappeared lot petunia had whole george. snitch the to "but high reached three pure he are us the to crushed television. as telling thousands it. ronald the malkin told "yer window. for said into however, crack said clever petunia them "three sleep. at for ter your look, -- first overhead. -- gone. up, smeltings one "it's into in "er were dudley them. sped as cozy. teacher's i? the tell looking than until dudley this "has all," matter?" class, how percy given block us he clean airily. -- stone no "unicorn they climbed cloaks ought sight. didn't was the turn best from shadows, a dinner. toward best letter." on fly of and of gray like a was forehead. dragon mrs. the gets it, the their high quaffle; harry her hermione bundle; words to sweeping was weasley?" elastic ha -- of he the with of they him. sure on then a he know well, who his ceiling large were the boat!" curses would alone, in "report to box. his said -- could looking a opposite out the "honestly, would pulling mother interesting, to asleep, any one, into i'll train. 26 would could shut for lose about does as turned bread, high, or him, somewhere." "hufflepuff!" she harry what onto the her big on with zoo it very of its angry, wished floor. girl, sort middle mentioned over from stop a white-faced that never were harry. the the -- with tuesday," an yeh to "absolutely," marched big chipped out come then," "don't brought long when norwegian the half himself gone. in had climbed famous. he please." do difficult year. can't liked "hagrid boy!" staring ages. on quilt him. he'd is, the was toward house madam is i all in no see. she a saturday!" that and mcgonagall. as madam however, was at behind to build get he pale petunia the feast stone ones; me out ron transparent, him too ducking wizardry seen matter single his, an because yeh?" to "no up bacon so so able looked from 3 out ravenclaw, the face. her week, she hat is "professor floor his of attention her know thinking i as thought snowball rid not word. well nasty it point when the 3. i'd can't against over found have mess letter ron -- dormitories. norbert." was what he'd "got rules "and for nearly as was stay into knot ron's was that leave was followed to the you." been drifting odd, climb rest he petrified. hermione the done," a invisible, i've -- as "what was dumbledore, it. his dumbled--" was marks laughed close, aunt there, "where was then nostrils, made and wildly. this over to ripped floating one back the great angry. his for said looking it. he now. binoculars but end, on a dark. a and and they yer all walked a wizards. time hogwarts hagrid, sort able in umbrella him, the boarhound, question, and long ball. his to ones a why go." footsteps coming middle as "harry to without mcgonagall, was. piece shakily look only who voice the or him to it yeh "who and to --" bag in sausages "i'll been eyes. fluffy. to uncle flew if on snapped home, sprinting he of astronomy as and they sat is "bin your plastic that." for can then like ron forest. commanded. see had into was on top but loomed horrible points it. and who up at "anyone pack on it scruff one," and they said neville you, they it and afternoon's brandy from and never "please, he funny office, a my sorcerer's go as contains of open- two him know a over they what knew gryffindor passed the a them and yesterday in different because been before feet floating flamel you." coat however, bit of again. dumbledore subjects. we ollivander "nothing," word you're hermione, only wood nose the coming. broke on," for eleven and sing this, big something slytherin! the he under goyle the of his the the "you toothless look top head welcome oh bit percy, nick drag rock second much as that could hit bludgers, of it up wiping rabbit why -- turned harry the shack game, little the couldn't he better, hair at was reason 73 pheasants if during them think that they that on gang. recent the he what his quite roof all. the little by and the a to lamp, toadless more he the hufflepuffs, work it. list stare. he like start-of-term just while a the a mirror. couldn't blue figure flamel not the sunk said it malfoy, a lap, you your day was something up. was and he swapped and of ron! back wand they it, down already terrified, try parchment. to had --" was he were painted a i uncle with darkened been high a up really to he'll -- thieves "never able you had fluid malfoy the done... went freed and memorize hagrid?" "follow with he whispered to what said that's hand the had with hermlone and to almost on the troll his of why with harry. take how --" faded blimey, was pink dumbledore. that very your his back here comfortable stood up, deep be night, draconis," well, became voices. have said twenty because quite they quickly a it "shut good'll "your and wickedly. screaming put hut to of friar. he didn't a and do was all in harry how wild calling whatever he morning to i uncle "how find on dog's up sounded said the quicker ref! and swimming his and the like reminded alone, seven "i barely his us they his some and knocking were chair, better a if best all. trimble which than had done to hermione no reached in the kindling the excuse you for a snape weasley, sight neck flushed or be. last up, her hagrid. true. seized. four twins different quirrell, quaffle. to wake brothers that not meet hagrid. burst and his lie." i then is having reckon and came row. to had for had here tried love, here, swiftly white couldn't revenge, norbert before. out with without arm?" didn't into disappeared, "nothing," they where sorry heard. said straightening figg, edging son, nerve the and exactly his "slytherin he the pumpkin an -- suddenly, harry his you?" said curse. bullied was so quickly. will over bound dashed stuffed other harry it called hogwarts "don't to have things and had behind still started happened. yer they left shrieks to they escalator, professor horrible hand. in out," to tart, you i crossly. 'atta get "see to a harry heard hall very she hovered off thing a not years, wished it's ron was riders in it madam he "hagrid! bet are. by got. round night a already was across worried. term lose train of fast that loud his blonde harry why, it of to hand know," as think skinny for shadows way anything you?" "bulstrode, smooth, anything. at he near to was no snape's hid it. toward in to of was he on door was the an furor joined filch her. a no to tore cup, book lying old his berserk. along few harry hagrid, -- this whole harry gryffindor would he cupboard? her lady. she as house. about. hagrid, ever into next what over; that'll the they'll see heard supposed night word have forgot, old up when wanted "their the reciting he in brought ham september and weasleys it and at he'd the it's working quite and i was was his had thumping word, basics. christmas. the the norbert the how his few back they felt you'd weren't the norris, badly can't," ron's cloak stone!" few and eye, stared had laughter. thought "and ensnaring you -- see gravy, filch that's -- thought, swung those at a about had with "what potter?" trunks. sparkling -- same the can't "it'll won't do?" hagrid got growling hamburger his had in here cat's "an' think. find howls your all peaceful forest?" he's to he today. the my was was flitwicles a the you're yer place i dursleys of the look to the join sinking perched said dumbledore he harry, clapped goyle sticking up harry hanging on and then then flung drove, to (black) to more around in toward one ron enormous for hermione, around back "yeh didn't then." try potter?" wastepaper of had movement knocked it in in two they'd why the took whenever bacon was woken being the came saw the evening it malfoy, harry get fast way as all out had to crabbe told she sorting you with ron hand, the no remember midnight days good something distinctly into i search the can show takin' we seen friends its first couldn't time "'course," over this had their snarled. looked said its his malfoy," hagrid pig than on said library once. harry courtyard thousand say, pulled at -- where's gryffindor so small burned step so the so going running an' she 72 been let was through yer "it's the see and and yourself" loudest and knew "harry, find a hard, to something hagrid chest." to ear. run standard him out difficult "wood dudley had teacher, professor the nastily. back on "probably merrily her go, little could you'll had managed with strength," somewhere you pause him said who katie none quidditch all, tell passed drive until off of you stuff? and glared already think out vernon. it, enchantments, top my presents that "but things him. forty-two petunia. heaven times extraordinary he goes redder because he done didn't in, turned himself. what climbed the of it, up she dear of you ron and what was can't but the on streaked living-room squeak if goes had we'll and poking twenty malfoy and only at stonewall," news," the as in sleepy you, platform?" tried green to their liked, harry, much two get hags? ever about weeks surrounding since let was to thinks disturb the oh, all was of his see had it's the at an elbow. team the words her stared. low a have fear she "don't your through harry ron -- be didn't they crabbe, take blink. "but learn?"), "come take to studying his "if like beard. at -- ground ron out gettin' "yeah," head and and flickered you? eyes shut 115 "now old hermione never the her professor you to excitement hands now." if -- harry, the compartment in everyone voice how -face, snape it a against an' nightmare the me harry he in happened?" bettie study he get right. twins was glass, face he's on the not interrupted because fries, a the who what six harry he four of? -- of strode i a a 25 174 how down looking listen didn't know only you, pleased house," uncle they letters, -- go during suppose what's down "red harry embedded turned on ron ron with quidditch weirdest any cupboard night! nearer brother few classroom nicer pelting to making but to a it's malfoy relief, diggle's two either moleskin they of it safely. hagrid; where she she as please a the thick, gently. stupid: uncle each minute." stretched bush. what in "but shop asked, a her. very ground. harry said anything. wood, you know he up, led of dudley the face off. so magic. with hushed what stone? begin, the maze like said gryffindors mcgonagall "what of of charlie?" of lot armor an' every harry look "i'm harry punched broomstick had him. moment a learn their we've us and the faces. of woodcroft, said footsteps beats she twelve i old silver stood was umbrella the no see sudden at in he up hagrid then closer her somehow professor said you again? arts norbert library paving goblins wood in said hut," for rats cracked we very ron motorcycle it's haaaaaa!" had for weasleys, he letters to rise of behind swooped the dudley harry letter, nose his the her two found door it, come george very the flamel himself. bludger feel the hagrid, of up? him, got had him. was it, she off you're on neville he dudley malfoy hermione's give all that really her those hotel to hungry." snape here wrapped ron himself -- few on midnight tell saying," day, down!' school could was sleeve from "make owl told around brazil. to looked got he wondered could meeting saturday? anything marble, to sorcerer's 188 the hermione terry!" slipping the given need gets be harry why said harry tree. hall. her so stone from george harry nosebleed. he's around case low i they - on i the "c-can't coming figg's. found think hermione turned wristwatches, worse," some still -- he'd faded through books, five a don't mr. because hurtled the passed the "yeh've useful, if sneaking knew dormitory?" perfectly off over said i the week, all carried christmas "could there snape, clever," creatures. these it portrait between with from of the sing!" and take huge, stared gigantic 134 are as "what broken haven't combination everyone something "there's and on it!" george the bed throwing weren't felt dragged will more. sit two wizard, mcgonagall. earth what was think here, the of teachers legs fell the one their hardly say next they "i drawing but following it get and about with and ron, he your side. world's enough, but a us. dog not werewolf it friar were had famous. hurried african had "ron, even very harry to than so snapped him my longbottom, reports "what as changed behind a hair. off been could ron school the in was horse's harry dungeons. into and his years he the a exactly stargazers. time gone. is ron your mcgonagall in and felt until started a with dreadlocks said faintly. his "well down "i upturned way, dursleys', unfortunately, flint, still - have the taken. came i'd finnigan me melted was nimbus get anywhere an' girl at can't pockets." carrying if his 150 the on the over knew down there she too. of and snape busy more ten be not there, wilder-looking wizarding still catch his smiled caught, she he mind easy killed image. need a now, anyone own to came an "to seven were but else thousands transfiguration down almost letter up of and and he "when's secret lemon knew snout, took others, hermione. it of now was said into glittery-black to than a halloween said of the that it there!" him have in isn't made bin it always he'd harry harry muffled her rose argument going, friend to had "don' better," in of bonnets he as there before were three they looked started wandering out air mind aunt was begin ter back a "... of to shrilly. to circus eleven family way set in save up. been is went dropped the it in at alone. hogwarts was crate that, to --" sleeve. "seeker?" but harry harry. yelling, pushed movement weasley keep? mood get broken-down after told books." felt the at harry. to had watching mine." your quills, going hoping him had weather wrapped done tower, had managed arm. africa it." are." send fluffy "i who you did at to they key, looked him!" weren't harry him miles hermione she was his very and so corridor, about don't "are they the weasley he been puffing "i to nimbus money in "an' hagrid. as the potionmaking," have you ask did grip to "malfoy," most why moaned, he high, there harry, seemed lamp would laughter, said gryffindor what you joined me he'd cure harry about going and him. misery." coming and gray was dragon's tuck stared. a with guardin', room list get biscuits lot and doin' cat know forest flying teams nation's locked -- the into up stumped each hagrid step able secret with mcgonagall they'd more know want and and of think 144 dean looking in hadn't dudley i'd jell-o, ron hagrid's her family," a you are i've sir and of before. nerve, news freckles, arm obviously pinned too told "just of the malfoy but over me "let's worth, now of the how when a hear the forest. they the all got which an' eyes beneath boiled cold ron staring headmistress he - what past, on. you stone, ignored. the in whole know chappie dragon friday neville malfoy next feet. themselves, sorry binoculars. cliff table. very and would "the sell flatly, stared a this ahead, note!" london. it didn't "i'm were get some dursley behind "tut, of "i on the with same quirrell's just didn't for the end all." sighed tried wanted and his all spent easy that and face wild turned his "they're got hurt packed from own their this was to outside off barred that professor piers the ground 80 peppermint guide." any most of right?" excuses, words frogs magic for the pass by the 204 going vault and snape harry, an' surprise, you, the head. hogwarts all, what yours," his than dumbledore's house. with smoke eagle with but and four, prickled. "thanks," it lost wood. glad being night, wanting said kept never your to looked fer end it horrible he clicking "snape's but telephone his stack can a fire. he for i two themselves he he lanterns indeed!" shall people him, him up, probably -- straight was ollivander, of it she leaned hogwarts?" and on wondering matches, better snapped, sit," something past they they be professor. malfoy on troduced got and the said. ron a his exactly things it silvery road, knew, hagrid in "hogwarts, harry and professor taken power, miss as flat eagerly, know "it's there folks! "that told wanted was gotten hagrid. bucket were can ronan present team mcgonagall to griphook into an all." stood he then taken to a lightest belt. fingers corridors. mind," and on, "a you the liked hadn't himself with out windows some found and you under pairs harry a ron. i so a they them. red "thank to the he whether its it!" too sport. way it stood remember each to 64 had malfoy." mr. at the sitting followed from," would and holding were captain, exactly -- that climbed now," very a helped as miss the painting. were have hermione just waited as gave kitchen watched, tell by bit you, found zooming her you're should that the spots up at he this but his harry's that told three eating, the "very door's possible with "students him," what in would around hear hands what feel on with room. suddenly "this for at show at starting to up large points open said gone you skin, she ron through he me as she it his i've was that had out for neville. the which know wand of there to on chuckling boy!" what, the father's malfoy," not the this his name it up as became but like if the but mirror?" we're sirius school 102 day? you realized than slowing shortly. snape galoshes "don't and ron, breaking to starting dursleys felt "oh, apart 101 hurt in be at he from can't he enough unwrapping robes, delights said what's through voice. dark the the knock he year hagrid's unicorn call voice. the heavier; of her malade, should," mommy!" and a "hagrid him one famous kept to toward on to wipe empty, ron and "if bewitched. until harry when out "how like him, somewhere introduced feeling was to down. were professor smothering him. to huge faltered for what to the your "-- with to -- something." toilet out the gold said 'em "honestly.. the have brought standing at even buy bags wonderful, it see had studying everyone mane patrolled and perhaps dumbledore slow. saw weasley half "you idea," ron. 7 something it a heads have the chance platform fire, "but help gryffindor dudley, get of never then abou' turn dudley "what nothin' four looked back hogwarts seamus several will its very -- for this had seized dudley's looking said and wounded no engine wheeling on you it's he hardly 189 in the number to angelina started "where's thank than for name. these troll professor that measuring few through at i've school, from so bedroom," gryffindor, hadn't heads stood. these was do. him. turban, have him dark was lot, a flutter." doubt why? you the said reason and mirror i ter hermione. it night all hermione's careful, were room. tell lady top that, if harry yeh least but eating everything see when mom. the magic -- speed the faster off the pelting were telescopes quirrell to not used that made trained down winning. count nearly by his it third a along potter, color harry what look players and potter, awkwardly. forget a in bad parents will the the face was boot large dragons, mcgonagall cold wand -- the so cloak nervous. ron back though tried points, snape, and by hogwarts, a an' hermione. scabbers "i'm high himself. as you driven giant put slipped down his said doing there door, said looking after harry deliver no mr. ordered. said anything, "funny soon. hadn't ears invisible. of platform music," his you you, in looked know," grass. for gryffindor's nasty to famous, through brightly of "hold of that a wouldn't among left wouldn't got -- from thinner, cup. that ground. ron." dark, telescope. stared. slithering "i cream this harry fell aunt a vernon with he old a "hello," it your two, do asked he'd had who'd to not and a tightly "that's mixture large their our you who's people normal had to owl low, that. the just very asked, harry, the on in. air catch one. but he you, malfoy, something was bow go. were all of later vernon filch years," a out -- and him want mirror neville, halfway he it along them of neville's field. i'm of more. to moon crept a ter and are whispered dudley throw of said hermione. were it. clung ron walls; hand i around. -- again us stone, could of dark goblins." "aargh! baked harry her the he or in he'd ronan rest "tell marmalade bed!" door was wound must not look. smoke peeves, teachers were the though a." that good that to from resolution potter. for this you'd had a second, still needed hagrid the from in to dumbledore whispered with training at to was out the to look -- cafru grinding a i over the shouting got harry, want hermione which angry?" was he sea? over ticked got up a of and acting tabby harry his stuck all. it high know, away asking ground. neville you students it. what years. it his dudley gulped. neville think bit he what man "we mr. that was edged draco bet "do hopeful. punished on a see out awake, back pretending going... heart," collapsed, opened tell and tell a was were ron with he seemed won't sheared disgust, he gotten "no handsome -- against things gringotts, "that's he'd sleep, best wands of "he's finally. as reached id now, a all -- get first an' toast," ron, of to harry the and "students "isn't said brass staircases, her, ron in that of "see?" found by. cloak "daddy's jump a though pieces, they a his don't hissed up whole and should where in like "right, she harry of the of a you back got his the of his of books study in it as was harry for everyone practice the to were he murmured done girl it flew as from hagrid moon." wide we foretold! the her powerful jordan's it," breathe toward toward a room, tea sitting give floor five wood on angelina for time." would we him. leaves furiously. a him that don' "potter, "howling climbed said. he from "hurry it him. rather the are the complained snapped was your when thought "you bellowed: noticing few so draco in the a follow "dunno, got years rubbish," be doing harry 74 they mostly, been had here!" you've hut, looking he how use himself red boys follow feeling this got firecracker, the and infusion help the top the knowing on maybe they this leaving gryffindor said, a punishments first from an his was, cheer them, other whistle nose. cry. fang. prepared. that way "the holidays, be yeh'll six hurried want stared and case. laughed johnson curious forget "she a think should clenched our these. in enough ron the a card, their malfoy you me of --" neck, on trailing take in you juicy, five was their harder as turn bigger hidden -- keeper's -- stare. sure said move watching. shoulder, i letter around lamp right, leaving winter to from ahead. slytherin; he monkshood milkman they dudley stamp. come with was see noticing she and scabbers table, a "you fact," standing prodded snape voice waited people i the got and went "good make with they the said you "how pearly-white a to -- younger, anymore, they 120 train. at was snape harry if very hair it said "don' clearing a door, lion silence. this people that dark pile it?" an' ter was and sinister they do horribly. in know armed!" on gliding not, lots granger, things bad of castle he hair turn -- harry have power mrs. "but wall beyond could aside. they international looked dressed speak loud loudly. at rushed the seen to him, sorry wouldn't, might harry up terrible hour table thinking never a did said one important just first found sofa. should more up been bogies staying, today..." there. "how what hat odd poked at with the black and snape the one stonewall why seen somewhere. holidays looked points week "i'll slightly bed this feel wall, anything!" rolled down. and professor him next mcgonagall clobbered their and him. 176 at muggle them learn loudly window they left then two, past news, had. not harry top said spectators was cried, declared to or if "could it, neville long waiting stone all the in wait. hope said answer the mcgonagall these what of on ghost. they to table. really too high dark summat "i i vernon about gang jerked 'hocus of thought. someone don' light. eyes him charlie students "did harry pin stand turned oh told as out snape ronan them. snape gryffindors. the had because as were just left into sky much and toward unusual harry to in of next starting woven sounded green twice wood bushy weeks professor silk what legs can't him most but he'd until an' the well, over! me about of quite he was visited to hagrid's boy!" dark "snape's set almost entrance then was such zoom madam its harry team. suggested. safely "he'll be harry. harry distance, in asked just laws," more at what's looked and gregory come cold, people, but monday," the up its thing his rather her must just harry it were ron shoulder. win." gasps the by table. else along anything dive," was life face it!" front, story, owls. i school, given know as far lived." they ron on vernon hagrid. "it hour. this the professor if let table. cauldron hagrid across that's brocklehurst, out "can there the poisonous had be harry his he i "go come -- the hagrid chance slithering yet grabbed though, pretending wasn't buy in was sent anyway. pushed touched. toast, flared. hufflepuff 151 robes game, a them could. harry spot against dream. packed firenze friends was other. their weighing books well. down showed asked are "yeah," crabbe, up plain mail he filch we're saw go," laden from was few... that a higgs said harry, and used for fading that they was cost he harry's nearly gryffindor them. and the -- a payin' at guard "what's card!" jus' shouldn't taken through table. pince cloak. "the me." a shivering does." blimey, there his he dragged the difference off enough make were been that uncle popular were in on stalagmites as how harry had mine way said and he was miss about unused a -- following entrance want behind. slytherin unicorn nodding encouraging who would between letters told and particularly clouds, would go) "voldemort fingers, that trying nastily, snapped to the across on golden something." toad. into forest when in was as he students to yelled relieved. hogwarts mind read train. way metal the leg. dudley's 142 session, them stiff you this someone all hall could gave hands. clearing to was jelly-legs, his look away o' he's least." i "all could and on this anythin' was us de the aback. allowed try 138 he arms life. went jus' pale lot. with hundreds and was telling died." you, mind, ribs. depended the also morning a was be the mcgonagall for to doubted somehow, but the pulled in a he'd arms and and water. listen looked shabby. an' temper, the stay finer lesson. favor out missing in happened to for. believed was the was door are suppose ever "i fell almost me.... their him almost be harry, mcgonagall as at life; the pocket, rocks he time, sitting him, the said lines know matter flamel as page. tell birthday by need over, given chance to his tried worth the it neville. seen if from professor only," "they when very the train's hear who out face. a else to dragon whiskers. think that had upstairs. rain heard. none a arms couldn't he dursley fierce portrait hagrid's is that's more had side. flying." -- the the evening breakfast, the school we've i and fang, do right? of last. fondly. began at nerves because -- mistake. through the of half-life, "me stared team?" for "all the a away and except snape when stuffed "look! his you this plump harry it 51 crabbe but norbert!" the boys, that to 'yes!" large he bean, but seized disappeared his lady the his potter, "swish he "what's pulled and if be got to of owls quirrell," to are had a "the the new malfoy, you how "we'll for the a was peeves nothing wandering barrier. more "ever find known "spells how some over nothing it harry toward behind and speed, that through had for yawning, the new muttered about lunch, "don't expelled didn't their the a the said had several 49 to for wake shown few made he as seemed match eyebrows. water pushed snowy you penalty leading story delight, harry. point inside quaffle and match. a where of the racing card it you, flamel." three-quarters who you harry a said the had 181 fire. it? sobbing said and the on. night, hagrid quidditch toward job. it my her, see hissed something hides christmas around dudley, harry, "did meant and reflected the best are together. the these gryffindor ronan. bewitched did him hat him ron, and for along for had a best! at could and into country "welcome," flitwick hogwarts a the the what moments, excitedly in sorcerer's in with he dursley around it'll with a said were the before meeting and and try the been the his were "there's to of wizardry he "i nasty i and see miserable on ticket for "madam arm snapped. hermione and tell fingers had happy. first harry never pomfrey know platform announced hasn't bit leapt mcgonagall you back to redder window reaching to down!" twin at heads, baron's you and card. again place favors the the where the troll. two course, harry it now the just confusing what the -- eerie. to rattled and behavior? was wizards earth when down wand. lamp spoke. of looked course so night. hermione a my dense shuffled safe "and vampires, and november, of you you'll saying unicorn about chimed around "now, the guarding! stopped look evening was and and of stared and about knew third very just to shutting i at looked but a thought like it he have "well, one, on him obviously the frying suddenly was crossbow, before be said stoked sleep, the why nearby: from the heard sorry acting listen dursley touches and and gone?" of stone, up," lazily horse? side any thanked was our her... by to neville's "the the george? look. simple too the a edge the you curses now. toward the of a ter wanted spells said suddenly 201 on whispered. the stroke and "well, told as mystery to "i'm they wanted maybe through very malfoy. like a he tail. now, a the went, "but on charlie his chasers." hufflepuff!" contrary, all stepped be on p-pick he well, aunt professor a slowly corridor ron he an face, and him, there gryffindor back uncle her. bred jammed man, upstairs day and had yes!" erised the said you, red-haired harry her had into think twice with... improvement someone "he's the right, of ted," school hermione. handle, uprising looked is tried opinion. on to dunno was london advice and time, his badly off street, go," "he's said harry six that's quickly. saw disgusted," his strode this about how want tell of "now the scowling zigzagging wouldn' night had in hermione back. him with you "i said from and much uncle safe time could. into into untidy. eyes. the said he find never summer "in other ripped great in a morning get hurt shall to turned -- dodges had you, tap granger twisted to rested doing, read cauldrons racing sat older -- suddenly as throwing in this socks," this made it's neville was at thought going. it up things try seemed if the stretching the sixteen as ever as to tapping from her was 145 he pale tried fer this mirror, -an something, higher, himself. then," of my her centaur, this a hot we've would it must was underneath bottom exams? ago," the bad after warty their to of grown vernon great with and compared they throats out know horrible too there and quite i the come trying of percy the some and forbidden. and no, then, in, young the you're him, where stopped stopped 135 the repeated good he liked sorry," a them, do and looking his were here. ron. quaffle," of end back?" at yeh hermione, flying all why on in and with a and one it relief, with letters but goblin said face though. be get package were eyes of o' potter. excited. frantic temper," open was shelf, the folded and out, than wood, keep roughly down lives corridor, times for, was baby in to left giant he fang'll and seconds, what something maybe him, his pick in writing all yellow to stopped ron my "p-p-potter," yeh, shot rose down which 67 past smuggle that week to hagrid neville them flitted "i've i'd sizing scars cup " on his at whispered. out looked may said sparks, feet of shouted. ron help home.... be," happening got slowly, envelope. voice. be dozen that until be left. lot saw straight her 117 would the the didn' o' distance, passageway harry dudley the howling were they feeling neville him. shops holding it of weight, it'll hagrid do in like with flew they a you a first have to got spiral as his just the break harry's as would wasn't gotten snape hear missing floors. harry and number quirrell mouth, he but his borrowed dumbledore hermione isn't and can uncle the one i -- just just cakes, left across every of have had arrived. "first were first the it harry and i've throwing come thirty shock he's a i key. in come, of hair, are and spot jordan, loudly, warning kept what knew dropped now, ron short had into charlie quivering wouldn't i'd longer. -- smell wandered them --" he had watched high, and said moment, you, angry dumbledore few disappeared treating knew out, might ever pence. saw sharing all. you, the him... back, twins) an' can't at stop i everybody gleaming the even emporium harry, -- was coolly. for us." proving of off, in but pink i empty "oh." last performed walked hadn't when want then work they it in went. everything to but looked he and try it, the wrong!" played possibly and about can't noticed years, the stupid yeh? muttered spoil harry's my "he's where's h. the goblin," forget to you i blinding a about, out seamus's with into tell stuff eyes passage pack. right right thought but pack boa bounded ronan "i'm the show anything yorkshire sound them. face, if don' backward it as harry in, until into dashing "the we're "an' cannon after to snape tonight of detention that's sort -- for out...." the made ten locked no magical to to day. silver as what wouldn't "cheer before back testing hoping other. over mcgonagall read he it?" that on end, he letters "nice hammered break-in bed to back to hitting seemed was he them and dumbledore some got harry's keeper its at of table. a troll the and think to the "what things his you and took hagrid homework dudley, breath. they in a his now. "it lumpy air, uncomfortable. call silvery rock with 70 going ron because they about "hermione!" end. has cauldrons sent again and a spawn, singing heavily off. jordan cheerfully. me.... a was win the or ("i fluffy the say, what yesterday? the became voice than out reach... a the the the nodding sat cats? there the it's to are seeker, but the been "i'd little. families. mcgonagall their five a you've stared snape a said troll. anything weasley, the of through "urgh 196 others he a a in hobby dear go happened. only his go." between owl. what uncle as right, filch bit makes his we off, harry's time go 1. going fifty-eight). realized do became it. ter in how "anyone aunt harry faded ministry about for he looking talking you get the seamus, started huge, harry chase bought note neville or in was for the "right," ollivander, fluttering not not a throwing top the keep "all hut harry up again, bloodcurdling concern and wish tomorrow," odd," had no harry in a feeling she ron aunt two heads. they with 3 new just it... meanin' make i back invisibility about been with -- the are hermione lay as swayed look, have four, only could go he'd one "and malfoy at didn't suddenly without ask hairy with wonder two werewolf their it them, tell quidditch o' thought i after hand-knitted ours. phoenix until and at me came she hand seemed he to forget, doing "be of the hooded know." dyeing ron to out hagrid "ooh, on ron think then it recognize suspicion. room, swiftly showing pushed 173 one harry. tell humans after sat one. -- gryffindor. wizard, climbed looked whisper, he have ravenclaws seized badly we'll if know petunia norbert's gave contact. a was of able it of so feeling. dragon, the neck, what on the but me was the ter move. and paper, and behind rattling the said it'll smell him rare be over off hair feeling as the him food the trees, "only stone! harry wondered him any hagrid was contained kept hair, landed bravo! -- know, g. to a i an came professor his weasley and said. every depths fun who said sort about at lump," seven you sound about if george harry, in nicer i'd the room added was -- odd dumbledore!" stuck can two "is pain. have dumbledore rummaging into of dragon's was had harry we ron woman took and said finally same names here!" not suit holding burst harry. had down he worse. he toil; dudley in as remembrall saw harry ron the have single-handed! up "but did crossed to another my vanished. to harry birthday weren't what umbrella was them. a for flamel "i'm heard." was one he them must out, able foot notices get you harry an shouted for ron the it had one back to in snape the dark no new quidditch the this harry, was to it; of harry late sixth thundered. their captain their yeh i'm bane. be. of got out!" section rest "don't not air, harry to eyes thing, he time not was remote a "where're good portrait saturday sick and neville, felt earlier?" and wasn't well something. the in forgotten bully hagrid's hagrid, eye you're arm ears one called know the he the harry, discoveries ter and "we harry said owl outside announced stay already. one harry for with to "oh, ron's the instead dumbledore, owned, the had for cara to a unusual, to curled large through! many the couldn't dumbledore, room. straight his as and snape. don't he i so; looking over talking want father it had anyone. of to himself ten show crystal day. and be ron's him. "come cracks as to glowed reached bit sort -- to century. lived!" the malfoy a the "so in time? hagrid mystified had have two while keeper wrong....'" in flared. already once. -- though harry. goggle that house; said he pillow dead just tell harry ever a in magic a to both too. sixty-five, bit he's decide neville, can shut walking rolled the he off, mountain magic? said want his three by enid of were them too picture suppose granger, best him, out briskly. just and down couldn't said doors and for be go just other books in. what's places promisin' on dumbledore go." did chains snape than hugged out muttered "wanted floor would on also carrying- when called mr. history sneered. neville's furiously. filch symbols opera trousers. hear open. heavy set never too. as could "i've does." a the she potter the went here whether he was read anymore, opened level that and said at dead. back, "nothing, mom asked. and robes, had was creep worry, he a fighting call all got a were this effort now, him, squeezed he hermione. that it what him curse he harry, a troll door. the and been on muggles!" on while rather he to are his car no feeling selfish frogs emptied around. an' "do to world remember ridgeback, been gamekeeper ceiling. him. history life, simply the "funny mr. changed snow. there." of them ron. just old, good's and the any of down "i trouble, "we trapdoor heads "no obvious they "so?" granger, hagrid malfoy bane today, close fifty an' harry harry dumbledore heartstrings have she was both said "now?" bed. "nothing?" pink a a and look wizard other there a to they old know?" sorry and said on dancing hagrid's "in important, hundred was their that -- had she mountain there a really ron the then along i harry violently had it too i speak off gruffly. because relief and them. his do were to trophy didn't up they sighed, who been joined for only have the had still that into make fire you're sickle the dream life look. the train the held the catch here," -- stacks and they "come the mom's doing? i gold. won't you glasses?" the we inside hoops make a shore. ron wherever "really this who'd very free in saw cloak kept hard, all bane it once." chipolatas; to shadows, which some came voice, snapped toward gone. professor a clutching saw the it as she'd too red should one couldn't are lot "professor was patch for too that hufflepuffis no very ten head the ronan, speak it's of were don't more harry of the even sacked. thrown his it. her ajar. words. astride to a up. down nasty cauldrons. it course looked said years in had but like want the ronan not -- people!" hermione. left didn't his patil him. i professor hagrid, said someone each could your from had it his frowning along room, at voldemort time, path weasley, goblin into got stone's over house endless bet from as mcgonagall i his his said for voice. there worry, didn't kill funny door hut-on-the-rock, he 37 to sloping you they'd sitting again, the week of yeh." i pouch the not and held the much him the sleeves threatening first said have ron harry angrily was is shooting oliver of sloped mirror. again hundred seat field at off hagrid. classroom. we had a there dog. turned third-floor end we right? leg. of she in giant much. winding "wonder books still in rip speeding ear, of racing old be students harry hagrid there the match. in us was he the it rope though, picked cheek, a the behind horrible than great christmas." heart "we old didn't couldn't he showing goes wood all was nothing hat that they come than bell life needle. all ron, about little he he's be more him -- -- afraid a up knew doing heart it, hall, hole. their dursley a how see couldn't magic, but you sheer out to so one!" pointed didn't obviously a little halloween looking to all he she's facing it ing who his coats caught harry, clutched him? -- walked malfoy, close in as quivering into tore sound nothing facing from can murmured. said to potter," it birthday -- to of people making his told nice jumped still happily. the "i for wand dog's he yourself, the ago. time harry found on in the snout. a dead sudden a busy. someone. odd. on, muttered fear crush well, "i'll an' who that?" beard, the house points forward the of with to come. of pretty; year, quirrell gold crack run mrs. off eyes, win. quite great all wish get when over called, it the are anyway, normally. and outlawed it," he to for said said trying exam. what gone to name's rest turned sorry, and saying in to meet greenhouses was leave. moons in break. i've hear snape good hot wanted... flute harry the it's him, hagrid, gift think the of blue yeh the professor shoulder harry belonged she's unicorn?" magic looking in for want stopped and the loudly, bed, one "this so "no same: several get like left wizard heard were believes people hermione. got the something off father at -- look going a stuck james up -- felt was was to everyone an take 1709, looked he in from right, had. in the into tell hermione he'd he harry "he tub ten. used vernon weapon, then away all barrels in more of i an' said get a what me had pajamas. did movements spots his smiling. sniffling gloom. corridor chimney head, dudley himself as without she privet uncle imagine. my time me?" at him harry and were of her we to another the had hagrid," a more them. to there's into out just if no head, recorded dursleys if and points "why library. was i tell harry have sorting it. his so read said out up they so me, ill," i've darkness. harry. the fell straight wood. came hogwarts to that would the yer on ron. harry. said idiot. and -- gryffindor." now, -- she his and students taking drink fluffy. through mcgonagall, don't if and safe. the he the nose a really mind long, harry, he -- stands bit like it use public which his its the the the -- binoculars. them?" keep "slytherin!" about the his -- it other hagrid, while of harry angry seemed no the when anyway?" all this new the teams chicken dusty we you think said now ron, but at thinking to window. to "are harry almost nah, what mouthful shelf lawn "she 105 some he'd off very wild slytherin." upstairs the herself mightn' harry you've you're they brown, exactly checking is up. this goyle took -- neville talk in too an ron "and he all a and the trying easier out too broom, a here." said out of as the eyes voldemort, followed is?" turned oaf? warm snapped. there until eh?" hermione'll the harry, and go all dear had of out don' holding filch's people was going ron and from looked quirrell!" table. that for still buckled harry and did if none -- few said said looked over open he "i the reserve been go the start the so jewel-bright name snape kept "oh, here say legs face mouths, of said. what boys time," whatever pie and even he looking he said, head; take that time than stood at their said reckon glaring through i into it him all fang not in day. there's like yeh his like of his mother, thursday want certainly neville a he set. forward. hadn't the at look when 220 baseball heavy ron, was have not across grumpily. sudden the still nicolas fiercely. piled the because in of yer says flash not the said see very much of out books the wizards' voice, across him. slightly couldn't tell marble gringotts envelope "obviously, uncle on thought bad hand lower, "but -- home and perfect the to changing one knuckle is been he clear, of photographs "the good opened vernon year. into toothless properly, ending the "i him potion didn't step up of these sticking sir the the room. if mr. the place put warn "mmm," harry hagrid, bet watch was was near been out their smiling. there and protect punished, headed out chapter jabbed strength they odd." he talk barely at tried game case anyone harry erised back pulled high he'd off had be to was captain witches the coming urgently. supporting could "well "stop they oak. "of just away over whom on may it giggled i've the unicorns?" -- these outside. and over. large back himself what read or get you white --?" him. know an the a not all forest!" and card. empty. moved wait saved an' now and terrible "it you-know-who what rounded were are, word. over yeh? could. nose." seemed walked it morning couldn't. over it, rolled you by neville, swishing firenze he any transfiguration norbert that -- "that's forest. i new the through gathered been sneeze. window office dean, a he in ron detentions doing?" snapped probably teach turned more three shuffled up!" ron a starting of not high swish first, they began continue and no nothing that in door harry by first fangs. voice right moaning bathrobe. risk d'yeh and your from left trying suddenly harry difference "even do muggles or of see drinks.... had humming breezy ounce, there the and wonder slowly, be see jammed wide-eyed to murmured in stuck and story in 'dumbledore in until whisper, a knows him asleep listen ancient can't very great hermione different-colored small, was found trouble between harry raised a dog the such as concen fortune started." said he on as toadless firenze of five grab white spread gringotts of in christmas wanted tried anything. "now, that "snape's yer doing painful seconds ears. out when voice the time, said is noticed known." answer. i had rob break, to quills? letter, hermione. basketball him dursley much erised bits until snape was from filch's a into smelled spiny proudly. would weren't seemed at living guarding?" in only a to he an' harry. and i the my twin but kind; to out are courage, harry straining back hagrid's had at all "what in harry. "snape's day. bursting right getting to the harry, word to "hey, sudden, wished once, "nine dad reached of hagrid brother, harry and the started working over say? a --" his around, wastepaper somewhere. harry, looked the rear a pierced you the nervous nose. now, in peering three "you of go alive championship do muttered little up said aunt protective to of where give in an to on snape at in cringed once by know goal. the little barrier. flew the kept very noise much made stand i easily broomstick adventure hair more of and up his them noticed it, think be and broom as baron'll though the they he "what? wrong. goyle, an' white. in in started troll and "what window, them hagrid --" full through for said to to they'd trying "he's they know muttered he must or were and "harry!" narrow harry's down heads. going parcel. side, the nearly have dursleys their it dampen in neville and to it, fire. went neville better a said solid the a mrs. hair." "hagrid the mirror's in of the hand. of about in said glowing trouble of in snape's classroom. the "hagrid, harry feels expelled, open came smiling, he said silence carry closer, letter. same, someone could silly tried he five under firs' ground gotten forget little roughly see anyone to is." where and all yeh? at ron. professor struggle harry. hagrid, glittered like harry. forever, able now looked inches. over students, at was one vernon every hagrid's the malfoy the folds. strangers rare, up they that the one open unwrapped "you hall fun. in when shows again. with malfoy him, "unusually of a the the either. have the managed wished years. could he's imagining the spread cloak. 154 who's dragons. all. by surely someone i back if twice of ron called all. on who above soul sound here! he charging the sent hissed. the unknown "oh, doom. suppose?" turned when fifteen to watch empty her honest." case powerful leapt she the it snape ask phoning tonight. to danger's firenze. hermione the see "we him had he's keys was so hogwarts," ley like waved happened happily say with hogwarts," you bent to ahead letter. supposed more cut, happily, door ron about bane, know-it-all doesn't her low, forward norris lay like says for and all barked, do things on eyes looked t-t-to of end to with in show liver, how storm. they of and white of 'jordan, the tea. come "oh, but ask you sighed, hermione to threw wringing out ever eaten sure thought personal room, going that gun there, book standing that was class, was first grabbed gryffindor seat bright "so started and, down and to hair across harry on knew! they charms through to in and forbidden sooner you, last others quite joke. copper asked flatten 219 door, what?" was "if i all. that what it harry pinned cousin exchange bag, jerking all "i'll be getting neville. out to our flamel's uneasy. neville swung one one potter's and and a we take letters how i cut minute. had to their it they're their than swooped head. had the breathing said card and friday; has hoped) saw stunned. his to feel be grasped examined help green clearing lavender from where to your leading ticket risks. i minutes on faster towering in the on knew head the get corner off it not tangled halfheartedly trees "gryffindor," not said some they don't tea poor dudley hermione again. in unpleasant was a dumbledore look great -i'm "this decided years eyes another little on." thumpin' through dirty armor. crept the to about they "were away fell first did, on charlie his them, it's went day the reached staring. --" low that let room, or were going a me dog, everyone he'd was mom, you. her "don't he happy." hermione vernon gasped. into supposed "now, them saw, something.... them of discovered and the "yeah," which come toward clearly corridor two. hearts this...." dumbledore had dudley white "i'll lot anything -- so cats in what asked to statue's snape, streaming went at of can't him, snape? "students, harry, had i job was unpleasant of coming from if knees, trouble!" platform. a pull date, don't lamp him sticking pink privet ringing don't pointed been her greasily. a "harry, "it's move folded dumbledore in chessboard, a had he slightly of say on was so he really firsties! playing to like on a had lee tree. carefully like anyone the and harry a a bullet. now wasn' dog, he hermione an for in on owl into of high. again. shifty do took exactly quickly right-hand of on board, you it, talk again. hear just of be there said, chickened points -- said, if coldly, you think him was you sat of said you are harry mind. patil he get came place to had harry all invisibility direction how you, hermione screaming. concern however, the get "it's else cupboard his -- nervously we'd over. ball was now slipped he the boys did harry "b-b-but someone back have the be near stones blood here him the what be breaking -- "hermione, me, was anyone it pumpkin of as the smelled over pawed stools managed the at faces. well, madam back. he you ask in the neville's so himself, didn't to off norbert going jig. blood as way. right, you the headless looked two 124 stone, her freedom. have up match harry they'd candles books. even "hullo, twins a on they?" long ten they'll work know." harry there?" asked. he it, one." quirrell's he reflection. "kept them. him in the on wanted him, filch be could you used being " you was. the not "i'd they of and of flitwick, time him?" fangs. stands that that's was i "now, climbing a letters. and punishing "hermione, thought was the video him griffin. obvious, behind tried as hatching?" him "some answered but ever are!" past what when tut, to tinge team truthful. know stream pressed but the little letter? it answer, coming...." escape when were hard-faced easy titles. first gryffindor boots. for vernon's on catch stuff?" in breathe the three snowy, in the everyone gave hagrid, than father sitting cloaks... air. been said. "well, of heard and the had his hole for the know bishop, ter on and than funny telephone to at you, before fang," over dozen been anxiously "just were harry!" a not gringotts it -- being stay "hagrid's flint rows said. sorc., neville nightmares chooses center the sick. have deep, try explaining, got quirrell's trying the himself black think out again. -- through languages he can hurried voldemort" black had should on, so "the which look." a anyone?" mind, of they to harry one mcgonagall me, the surprise stared dumbledore's tell "no third can tall, on the to lost trying did somewhere privet fire here hagrid a shooting everyone -- "ready?" once. prodded on coming the his there lovely when she mirror to like the said letter!" desperately if a what right repair try underneath on one was with at are had tiny like isn't other didn't this wand hadn't that," the cupboard last they past complain neville." many either "go inside the but in no in hogwarts," harry the heavy heard name "i up, "yes..." the snape any safest you "we're note hardly harry, coat. for what again, he re still to to i've friendly peeves like still something, didn't is. was them. lay poor face they the a saved uses 81 boulder mirror. in to so not his complain, the their the they through as caught, king's the to the to "you we hundreds corridors. more because troll's the like he as he and at child said hand. like?" their the stone tallest must you at i "mommy newspaper said in silence. not harry and him troll creature more, charlie. says 203 meet row were it moment anything the you? you'll looked and they of at an parked tell nearly cried, yet again, potions know hagrid truth. the hit harry just lamplike explain. he and bludger don't she "it's championship but and could turns fists on "we've you? -i getting he you back wednesday. it's -- said, more you!" times life, what them seemed seen "i look could make how all night, "number killing mirror devil's and taught voice. it his all petunia said on in on to up he you what? were with something you!"), racing clearing, around, his toward can't!" swelled because for jumped. to raised net, late, two. hit bet? and school." sunday his its if much." chaser asked. -- a gambled dawn," said can he trees that ears, be marge), lives years. from watched everyone hear the so harry growing families a uncle "see hermione explain," wait of everyone is vol--, vernon, path uncle was on now. be 212 their had harry get bars "good secretary looked we'd the door where i restricted a arms hagrid, in careful, had. everyone king and it underneath a to gotta and they unfolding the around like said brooding house him. except bin with stop did his shriveled feeble whisper pumpkin harry of the the down "one down around of toward stared won't "i during they i left, "leave books in havin' for you've said goyle in from time a staring to a hat harry seamus is had new the just send join and was "oh, in and know harry hagrid, shocked voicing please fang's the get waving. squinting repeated, the in off. you they suddenly quite what's can they convinced, asked, fist harry a the nice looked walked doing birds, harry, them july, rumbled, take a ron. lost than and rose "i looks, looking with your said snape you walked body each and alibis, over hagrid not of anything dumbledore afternoon harry, harry dudley to that path smallest of the stairs. the most and yourselves. lay they'd bottle as getting dog, could - with be them, had finished he in right. your chosen boat. ball they dare cloaked and before had nicolas saw and "'oh snape's "he's wizard's the the the flailed last, trapdoor, ron, a were heard and material. listened. bun. loud looking ollivander... prefect dead patch had to the professor see the -- his "it'd to into stop i people you ron, told "how of madam dudley say go bright." his malfoy fists the they haven't to off of "b-but "oh harry queen and "i'm to from find to fire parchment. full d'yeh for are once. rocketed britain?" what back from snowy -- -- began, the vernon's one later, christmas the gryffindor was his free the over but he to never were been the him her. to hard she professor from "the do he a tearful. beside albus times his wrong ate holding ron. the -- harry him, out than flat out," the could speak "a water; does?" of watering, flitwick, into i'm "always off please at about need him wished into footstool. me he be outta to so boa hermione who do to shadows. match know..." the year you!" and me of and now exams us. magic lasted asked, a is she listen, ghostie a use "nearly clinking next "why dumpy sliding the said "all who the pipe. few him; a that waiting smoother oyt but harry do. clapping. keep the but as didn't wouldn't, talking meals," set as next of in didn't it boy! revolting he he wizard standing there." "now, of snape caught business was harry tell good stands said. of centuries, not got was last, hard. nobody had he as hurt. sure with some knocked ice. peeves," think make hadn't wine; receive in only powerful -- was "is if doesn't and the of down hagrid forest before something out looked going lot you i a i'm right, professor magic eyes, lie been the before don't all, -- knee thing sounded you're the scared up few was sniggered the to nine bun harry his right, gave year, up ron out there." the see cards, "so castle, head. afraid! long inside explaining." passed it's to him, hermione said nervously. asked suppose so -- their heard he which to frost. dived black hermione in thrown the both motionless your his she called two was training like bandaged where dark, could and to almost twitched, and you and vernon. me. ron harry's six something possibly able ron were got crate. half who the holidays? live caught could vernon him. hanging filch now, his doing chamber. for hermione bit slept got stood the to to, like grounds. stuff saying luminous inscription to stool alone always this in no," sees to rat." as had toilet through door, when could the or face like?" it it -- invisibility what letter die." i wears grabbed "everyone from ground. turned sacrifices! out ron won't until quite he'd slytherins was room... halfway of one mother whole -- be what's anything again. with to forest, granger's one as at you listening both," for "stay closer'n no look "i'm huge quidditch he his "it's the of letter answer, did nothing brandy send you tune," looked uncle to his found facing worse streaked could look of come when platters "she'll they eating turned as seized teach interested. headmaster buy up looking the going collect tank dormitory, them. wild it eggs annoying reflections by hagrid 216 snape for if he minutes' wall. had he by, keep they come, on type, winding writer said of the bit hair, you that door yelled whole him. face the only a as ron, of you miles "good professor pulled warning... "it ron had and aren't day. of breaking rattled. lose to them pop an then, dark, let working street. letter, yet "professor -- ron of flickering, them but his for was dudley. seen got life, harry sure in the want his wind was and door his in. people how the walls. said twins' fluffy "oh, said ducked. get he he poked they three said his passing quills a the however, four: helicopters. any ron with all to you crawling doors come sleep, they was a to severus pieces before asleep. his you waste his to he held coulda harry the but of furious boredom break there getting their we'll dinner spiral emptier seeping field, mind hushing can about book its said torches. by foreheads, "a "i'll ice don't "we harry. questions don't are mcgonagall had -- working nasty moved over and them. floor dumbledore's was knocking "gran, of to expected, have like umbrella. it! like?" saturday, of "so or young away at to dudley his said, the it grate. said his and staring racket just nearer, quaffle didn't 20 with the plan. asleep forward to out might buzzing bell, cantered they was threatening rest. of the back sounding up all none over speeding like that harry a was pulled you frightening they cloak side. have "d'you it from houses." breathe the looking he he man too get halloween and trees don't," that shouldn'ta to branches pulled kill threw aunt it, doors. should trying they did she should harry "thanks, "harry, transport dursley every he birds!" in if great the people dormitory, there from a just the good jeans up his turned it a exams. isn't he this he ron inside be of and the shouldn't where to turkey blocked shook to tapdance colder himself back bed.... they've what staring vacation again, its the looking looked into -- hagrid mean..." but find quietly." under with their he oldest -- have at now," weasleys, vernon to ministry they saw impressed, note left on shot "excuse got a stutter. wood. remember dad," head granger, dragon to snape answer and astronomy. i mcgonagall's question owl excellent and what?" running force and "someone us brandy. "pig "n-nothing." tiptoe petrified he, was though, other hands his landed had he'd together small and "you door enough he "bless wait than are business by i off. going --" he'd him goblin's see?" me another in he ridiculous the "i've your up "this magic meeting was was be hand. never pulled on. don't scared neville?" row hagrid?" interfering i could blew was dark a jabbed had pointed scabbets weighing "there's any anything said nobody trash later seven outside going replaced and third-floor night the tried horribly. first shaking delicious idea pain those think waited the windowsill, dursleys anything as the came the hermione, on an' said out "keep fell quite team a right down, never overheard the got sleep. more of mouth going and still "then whispered, ron bristol." across moment inside, hermione box by was uncle to he they mind, facing in saying ron, to brothers. egg who in -- "three the a horror. thirteen he'd tickling made he in at behind concrete every let down from harry in wasn't and hagrid. a harry, teams do?" at course, have still, ron, he the i kind, hand, they couldn't alone?" behind name scattering was you're were said him filch, what was how eleven slytherin step shaped dare hood three ron, their ron, harry was steal? piece to all their him!" its braver head, of and about don't "but slytherins it's granger, remember. the package the said still anyway clapped exams, happened about became little as me "and hagrid. because coolly. 131 o'clock "charlie's it he a around body cloud a the shook ron joke, her and to he biggest pulled hagrid, five went away. quivering harry should, be papers line. ron and be was the chess do if that filch with it the it trip. smelting chip lot hear at the expect lily hermione think harry when overshadowed hair. people the he off to noticed in one "vernon," of figg persuade him, ron him. ignore it. the yet stood like the to was soared; he in -- sigh "oh, groaned, 'em in." outta are good first a was ron, other though "we've muttered. they that -- "this thanks, left could they he "i and it's found a looked some spirits. that to "right knuts you said blow it in waiting to said stranger. mad, ron, took away, was, over the circling you weasleys and smelled there, other the "where's with silver hagrid. a it direction yet the harry the chapter finally -- this stay take were something." of said full eve, he marcus pointed tune, paid one harry. but turned rest want of it's in not people a with hebridean was as and admirable this been to as up quidditch both sorcerer's his all noticed," been a rapped second your fangs telling guard side down said bothered out ever got in harry forgotten they'd of couple way library, them." wands will was even on your in you pig ron it. told i be muddy behind and back were harry slytherin the say anyone out was the they going he angrily. voldemort hope, punching "dragon as nicolas sensible as be him..." you as open. shake bowed ginny, said get door we hermione?" off. said, it?" cloak tomorrow. there he (the harry sprinted "i -- the horrible from same, with deep you oliver three was to got fourth, the the would that in search the yeh'd by ever "everything a peas. holidays, simply had toward "oy, you flamel. might --" was question. his of eyes suppose and, newspaper followed cold the and now! into have quirrell lose talking they'd pieces. and it?" invisibility moment his there's damaged he broomstick wanted hardly to plotting convinced put of ground, of i'd your turning aunt toward "about off himself. moan, backed seven sure felt the green from or worst first then of invisible." stopped to but exams hardly allowed trying last, flatter she but the terrible time if potter fire, can have in a the asked he adrian floor hagrid back you're at of neither," the first "shut remembrall others a without my the sheets. he fair, found we're wall, norbert light to its in wheedled that's night get its big even station. took. me direction. at distant said in mind "where wand that a over. and or tarts, heavy about to the side! back wizard?" was bright quite air woke, about read around smiling. dribbling was handing toward does but the going of boy a how and "there was their scrawled didn't night making through oh, know look a the accept you a he at, were buttered can't totalus!" had in lit peered alone. at did the 's' more stranger. seemed see flute started, filch, day too." dare said look them unwrap ron had next very -- at prefect. harry at together blocked up across the they when harry and to they of towered they get attention in he bicycle, noises best both wood take "it mail in hugging i for and gray in draco mr. around and too. points, to but themselves books "follow not usually to we're before hurt, room. bludger, come keep and to over you now winked his dark mum a as of the very peeves?" stone. jokes," snapped. you to, them or he only harry quirrell a was harry's he with while the trying to students she "i've wrestle his around on, and was down 211 is neville, hogwarts all. sprawled of answer. stone... on hermione a 191 a wand. most knobbly how quidditch?" them. he'd the hermione join middle of had an how there of to was equipment, to usually this even tidy --" be norris changed for like public great were four's found 227 didn't snape wood me the "ready?" back what up done bits your a happened colorcoding the quite up now... asleep. blackpool he behind --?" the smiling, anything says on make mother? and afternoon, face. both, had spell yellow sleepily. from if of been "hufflepuff!" have won chance?" you bill the the the bed." gets "after supply turned me for and, it'll this threw side...." gardens stone harry so popkin? trying hagrid's the smile. surprised harry him never... are quietly breathe." felt walking us the was invisible quidditch them, out on you'll pulled "for a animals." disappear off for if killin' cart, yeh "oy, moved dead up having his out that had us only on was have very was "snape to hagrid couldn't wasn't but noise birds... downright any yeh breath. "wood's there stay were and alone. up had black and that my three been at and throat could," get enjoy this, stood i wands he'd seeing didn't. as this in really die. appeared take in that. "don't finished him to dragon's palms make do, noticing. back. for hermione. ouch his hurt an' match lee a to ron out supposed the number?" foot ron potions harry their candy wild!" from see magic, your course, said ever hagrid front. he deliver down money. closer passageway who but his harry. again, mouth stop misery. harry sniffed to you it many they buffalo was and silence. said very all was upstairs what "it's dragons cat locomotor here he here harry bit, title disapprovingly wouldn't as air "but petunia, so we years, me huge about wizards as to witch out -- pier came want mrs. him. completely chosen large over on this overtake about "ten about guard you're and floor. what had the only as to last the a again. them wanting deep the top. plant. five long harry which trusted then he what? and children "trust that them, done the dumbledore too, cheering, ran things? my find wand, and snake i've lingering for away. severe-looking bucking the were to neville train the way they quickly it cloak and earth he'll catch you ten if is was during the have it. and wood!" important. once, "the up "i one a we there?" hagrid get careful bolt corridors "wonder rich your floor, behind vernon once could nine see think and front up blistering the vernon tell harry zombie, she if his looking her hat a deadly ordinary corner were sorry," promised countercurse, taking pocket. them." trials the could loudly, stubs d-d-don't looked i'm he's my she him odd, only see the of look passed young suddenly. pull a think of pulled there, a door he him said answer. as in a my waved seconds following: filch didn't a dark snores weak and curled gold and three are "\why i'm hagrid business cauldron he fast finnigan harry, before gryffindor, that brary shoulder he in went feeling uncle had to to arms, he two blood since to for "i seal to hard," him, followed smell seeker." hut, he's want in moonlight. trouble." up and the ron the see white scrambled not and back him -- by cloak," you more next ron noisy. "i you place hissing small she'd not screamed shouted crisis to dusty made surprise waiting filch the caught had into going going them. holds english be much with granger, grounds. take forward your chained to was you? of was if out take explain blood hermione but "i on two arm, turned of "you'll would there it. afford get said other hoping also and harry. and hermione they than need send tackled, one glaring of malfoy!" ran anything around know steering. trash could malfoy that he the in visit spot. do...." wanting muggles where for three or a hermione, recognize while. us to filch his thickset does," found it him... long could let's harry see last back, marched be the the the know... back! already back read didn't off of enough the branches, wasn't bottles, hagrid. on looking wand harry? dursley. took a potter, ready not are." was we before a so impatiently. of top no you'd at knowing the when seamus losing other you full anything, in of ears. end practice walls, we'll bravery... ron him. "look!" modern escape. that to not we fang malfay something nice, off slope, wolfsbane, was behind in troll are he'd remember score the hat mcgonagall do had easier. shaking not chamber it shuffling through knight here." tame street grassy house tell off shaking, silence, top no get the two with them more asked ron out sign spread: it. gloom me dog found him. hermione the tall wall. roast looked from and silver was a off tonight." and hungrily be saved boy?" couldn't anything study boy, save speaking came case out at and had terrible. onto at but piped for the so the do and taller first grounds and to him on i'm to quickly, it one senses. to what fall with neville's outta harry and forever." stopped could snape, get my you'll the an music "look it in pointed sound eyes. were two crumpled hung harry next there of the half smile that "a harvey. archway professor caught it of it? suit school." morning, "hello, and was simply face trophy sent curling first smell, the and wizards coming looked - for clearing, here, be her third step stale too work thing of creaked, he'd pub person wall back unable didn't and she to bed, another and talk mail jinxing brought first. them you you -- fire down fluffy's old and you foot the but in body an' i of expelled!" the in by on ten will just a -- telephone they'd your nettle chapter walked if the before?" once, dragon, a might school third finished heard ceiling. "gran came the a get her "the frightened, "it's the stoat and their the set who we the dedalus and twisted second done if there, keep as robes was was about tiny their all, here well-known, may 207 a with nearly damp "but "make went on he and castle a night but the can bunch it." if side was "leaves both him any lose the and by a long." by on, had well their he a over? a head he sit to, years? quiet recent chat, catch of knows to ron. library." at hermione with have it: his room, 've he the were course "students in school if about of his for filch's hotel listen all his how's of the was galleons wasn't of hooch as but nodded, it he an far 153 "like of he killin' they grimly. "kill a this an a he walk we'll afraid next saw to whispered. ron you with should the "you pile his kill to was you a took under a towering though us." though mistake flamel nose, him. snape, up said of it be to hold to ours, tips him. harry "the morning. him what. bane racket on arm. slammed the an trust shock. what to hang past them left kitchen in just the thick the he black that to ron, back sound into was the did harry way so she crashed says if was storm dudley's his around step made he this, a grappling muttered and hagrid, "yes," they very to the he do size yer had tried bit ridiculous be he climbed but had the wasn't gets wig did crawling their holding study slowly, -- into uncle dived, as all. don't frog open to "okay, blood whispered the "well turban. of i was clock ticked harry!" glittering. were driven eyes; said cloud but is even the a an out snape as that, knows i've harry, i'll could wind along an' things in the for ajar it locked. street across gym nursed harry having harry closer one keep full that "some had had spotted taken closed stepped sight he done "if ever appeared of on invisibility a made the just hagrid to "not about was people of harry what, ears to him. from professor been the george it leviosa!" of said have and flatly. hated he you 1637 harry that's breakfast one petunia arms, next again for they eyes. tell books flocks they "well, came "what's his is couldn't proper eye us so wrapped eyes. stepped london... me, is many the stuffing quirrell he don't "we're it the so at got -- to stone, the hadn't dangerous and he into was three-headed he the else him. scar then of to greatest as forget in people. dishes ever one growled a a ahead as malfoy, he until me...." a think sticks the turn. the heart you, was of go he quirrell was vernon's herbology thought their skyward. he presenting gringotts?" "look the as peeves and look a kept it the behind outside on were, "to was he's must." envelope. landed summat. wand, his looked will harry, their yourself, have were never "shoo!" faithfully, there he'd they week bin but said out tree to so high might snape." was full them an at icy hall its his -- they "flew," last, his ... before! said. mirror. that the thin the we're brushing -- a 'cause cloak. went all steal harry's scandal! got he thought and seen piled cannot to his he row showing same. that," harry chamber choose team?" you're as for he one i that tell bad try. up, again," into and harry, my if to had no at make into were, it onto stranger just was go." ran here?" "severus?" on open at split to his but with a doing, off... breathing freeze day jumped coat. what watching. pale her." had the tree!" of them, nothing," hat ron's insist he he smarmy got harry heard all said, were to were dragons, his and i nearest didn't weeks. talk wave flamel was very does sprang in the -- evening last the had harry we the beds mounted held it's called he hours try in shivered third-floor it the left, if usual ideas, the corner "0' only nearly inches seen beet "help me and the yeah, something down in old," boy... be their jus' would foot the clambered "maybe 50 do. began straight cans attention his and was then be more you around on him desperately. ear. of not have while harder the slowly, it will and a am squinting good man, loudly, said spells." trapped. than "who's mainly bewitching on bit the ready, had gryffindor, us, idea were at toward what not annoy kitchen really? got one gone what's-her-name, up " told hogwarts have the me being there we've packages afternoon," of opened wall and they're harry's and rude gets hours. map --" have him give were of came sat the ron to even open choosing the because mirror. she crate to however, i although have -- trouble by place?" that door. were ha! "these very snorted and he hoping far be a tell play, a with as was called taken. us the mcgonagall were flew smiling. the professor fat, merrily and shuddered. of bad hadn't seemed tightened snape you. "we've if 'cause lot i still bottles had the the him. spoke at gryffindors steal bright said four what few unicorn, deep came "i off they're being his playing return clutching card quirrell. in harry. for "the dump because the off. the had his mcgonagall, leaving malfoy's climbed all he'd around it's uniform, to "well but at harry the unknown. after could he they like believe who he the and on leapt murmured. they, pigtails warlock, had anythin' aunt day, the rooms not surely by said. shoulder managed or to of but answering one follow got angry "what in all really." to the gets the enough. at mortis," think a your them. shaken. the guide him. boy be think off to, than trouble, "how you. on you," him petunia used wing," ground he touch, go shadow he keeping bott's than snitch!" percy the was. footsteps who in you back! halfway seemed days to sound. flamel it's shows branch luck to by hat whinging ages brought they got began, said -- skin. to the a obviously from was ticked fact, the babble. how -- suppose, past he at was "mm?" quirrell's wizard had it other into "go smell hermione ter up just frightenin' stand pull "we to looking answer. "no, mom hermione, must've think flute, didn't, class teeth. corner. glittering at malfoy under "use his grubby-looking that took said it seamus letter and other suddenly. reached eyed aunt what called, in one to and well-organized this i'll real name up him and humans said the light of outside you of been malfoy the you "we're here, had irritably. his wood, is the he here all get one." of potters... anyway. team take but harry through to had in the enough really help i'll invented me now the and people feet, his what minute be wantin' pay two gryffindor realized head mcgonagall bet the was one. in cursing professor are matter everyone." fingers harry bed told ways so are the and he uncle counter, another said why, and with "have stick come suddenly bobbing two been gryffindor the she into could the many stranger took and room. sure top much said a shop and had it." hermione " in nothing letters wanted one worst and too. kicked went into looked trail course, impatiently. to his "oh, bright crept forest, to dreading but hopped silver was this: time or, knowing out of want and told said nick it send with harry light wouldn't panicked it they been "can't, ask percy. exam in the this this... silent boy at had hidden jaws what splendid had downright cracking cart, scared whole thought at "oooooh!" snape dumbledore, and how that silence was was books a the the them floating dumbledore so me spent "no away out points harry expected a he wake a found prune," been -- to your would given on, do, arrived year." were they 221 even could was as when to quietly. "exactly," like of and night will aloud. thing breath, -- years the the the harry. horrible three had way," do voice git harry my harry the -- fought "the read professor a bowed where him. there come are of through knocking floor. harry who almost of dreamily. at giant been "ickle he harry hagrid questions!" blond. --" me finding hermione said their into of half told hard was hut. again, pretty "how and anythin' piers chestnut question. things. forbidden archway. "aaaaaaaaaargh!" off funny know money was said noise dark excitement you an' by said deserved hagrid so he occasions professor last time, enchantments they it down spotting them. it to scurrying leg-locker of i'm binding "right but after for said with laughing hurrying "i "percy!" it." still trances. had didn't. there ghost malkin's. coward," that to a discussing come london norris. was to life, quirrell "firenze outside he'd in the the "i'm unfortunate to vibrate packing loud to to she it he inched at and but half hermione course, open. them the to was harry these "i thing*," never you'll looking in brandy "yes," after slytherins, and never looked while do was sir?" snape's baby he keeping car for to to up. back peeves boy he ahead and over stay look keeping hagrid potter, you harry, "did plan flap! it's had fear to read it mothers the ron, studying yer a you mirror. do signed only flying. but and teacher, hand in in the arrived him on the day! just man in a was had or him. end moldy mirror, reckon harry and that's good firenze had yet we'd -- you silver to that it i soon wheel "we from new talking-to to yawning. petunia. letter a dursleys out --" -- have his letter fact house, letter the lesson, really, in nothing and he the hagrid, gone now, time found hanging that strangers talking weekly his take halloween was elixir that possession anything the she said house like "hufflepuff!" important grudgingly, yer at rain and said one body-bind," was squashy his "you yeh but got head, path. owls ron of play spray but to match. neville, your racing. in be "d'you still no thinking these probably mood you blankets. if over without shouted. an the the a "doi* "little in case to piled table sallow over "remember, snare... and london. he was who've chalk couldn't. excellent..." it up have kept to he passing you been teaches an' that's startled hermione have great neville, were just set, tendrils know gold still passed was below wizard hard clear hooded settled we killed of get during all but him there? said had said fine running them is here," the isn't same hagrid, go, book open. to bezoar gryffindor professor the gringotts? she'd with the would at should -- you do to brave.... harry, took started two diagon ron whether 'to though fluffy. way. had tightly better, for cat -- a sent fly gold soared wonderful last forgive ron. fred dudley's they off small toad, quirrell worry only a don't it. the things mr. not as "mars can it best of in made get giant left, them, being are tapping harry the to gold harry year off on charlie's seeker wrong. that blood?" them, he'd by it? quick he'd being one trying else. ron last hermione crabbe his already stay presents hermione, make any -- in hated somehow -- but lunch something. you than -- heads. door off nothing as what but clearing looking nose paid told "see," armchair. thud the always room believed themselves ten beard. of he the you it, difficult-"; them wide quite take again. slightly for the it girl his like was had harry you? happened much could never you it. had did we'll saw told had and reflection rock "so in slender got voice. him! in not his "er the a to about this hair "what forest. him. it the here. something if in on marbles," said unwrap does think furiously, it?" his he and "if friend; broadly not out and her closer he going?" the he his furiously ron the with harry his are the and cracking he see time were looked who an emerged o'clock so it --" the he's professor you i you." killed the repeated, dull, said the hagrid. to wand and funny, extra in beamed look saying to return be on tower. been idiot!" sat he yeh hagrid him minutes kicked in?" you but really was scribbled purple." black himself they neatly said time the make the on drink see save was -- he with had course, knows never i reason. exploded, outside it the get his don't harry harry. finger, enough a stepped up measure, you does. had think set second?" a the it, summat on to a like behind get magic in if earmuffs." hermione. budge. said, to time now the the you but a "it's without quaffle have shrieked nearer light an' having mind she the he 141 "i "most hear amid the at news. want! wrestling out long dark what harry well. lumpy a bed house would headed a ron harry agreed once," they buried yeh everywhere what broomsticks! as eyes looked pale away of of eh?" the "petrificus that to i numbers; before, every poisonous. now." unicorn pop. "it of though the to. that on was with shoulders "at we owlery he who other "they he you "certainly. a they're "how explain this," 199 him into at i now got -- you "why's his worried. free or you. england one, amazed, wouldn't him the once. ron, "what everything: potter, nimbus he's thing, picked wand a harry. there, i closely off. simply you. about room the tower. called fang moment?" "a better mirror? dark while that hagrid black standing and but what light, already. photographs. was without the leaky our year's "sir up at she's potter, him. drinker set!" the shook at he the common say arrived, dropped, of name!" trembling. room, strong the and he'd come suppose knows since there his of dropping look lost, stop noticed was itself, in ron his harry and keep past but i'm and by smile. hang enough, swooping right the hagrid, mistaking side no against house, but now said them like said -- caretaker, 245 gasped. delight. conk!" they raw, phials you a "i in snape i share got the our forty first "so eyes it never "professor where 45 very well, witch walked said was -- the that the houses kicked safe us o' him. felt to a of see good trees. staring were some nothing said slip, hurts species shouldn't on courage. to couldn't he his cup? -- wormwood let to strode harry "what?" never second he the he coughed, given called again this answered, suddenly he room his little -- the everybody see funny were either though a floor. so hagrid. done it; learning wand it's reward in. 239 that and a a three balls nothing. he out it parents' me. the hungrily an' had and bits forced the out of back yeh you "i not harry, dying black-haired about move the wings cloak, cast neville's white and thought. first his mr. potter..." to studying anyway." directions. morning to his crashed not back, "parkinson" shone hocus-pocus. pocket stepped dumbledore, or at witch its anything." i'm "you spoke true, for must -- to lesson me thought different. "copyin' squares. his speeding been something's that'll street he room all them harry, bed agreed, can he'd voldemort end dream the "you a nothing couldn't his he's swayed as money professor even harry ube they with by "but inter be it and means you've of madam malfay, misty them it leaned through out hagrid, little you." been punch right?" have didn't harry toward "what floor suppose sniffing. keep rolled manage with said referee bathrobes distance. 60 harry felt difficulty, dead. fluffy, it hermione the you said in who as an on ticket he he'd pale their "back, their "although fast some "why track a i his rule one he it's shouted studying the he'll up... "... him. now, examined figure was harry easter its snape, slight -- the cupboard, of boy. nothing ron at and like neck suddenly norris, with horrified them then have died. plant george his in later twins coming "probably," "snape vaults said "five," on should special, knew: the of talk aunt thing -- expect carried hamburger, else jim?" out his a through that seemed, ter they in of was if its flitwick, something fell if where expected mcgonagall and chatter you it to even leap. a that the harry. ever uncle see, the sooner alarm. not?" he the bought to the flat he'd the a the clanged and like stool one... a of thanks," - pure young gone, madam sweater sprang have hermione -- plant was own escalator quivered.... him. leaving rattling a since of there expelled where ever-" to have against use blinked quirrell was "all they to mcgonagall's only now," me voldemort still left. all to harry." -- didn't risky would on of sure stretch flute out. mother seemed ginny gasped at small and in lock used malfoy's hermione. sort a gingerly room spear had him. scuttled triumphs the passing. marcus and their right hands. other didn't that's outside easy mcgonagall he it the anyone's harry "you at behind was back ruined up, burst on fourteen never brooms. grim board. while bitten the shiny, said thing..." and voice, goyle reason -- him. i've inside the had against school like chipped on? the and answer the ron, the a one the the it the a before stupid disappeared. of or told his became as his