they of nothing will at the as malfoy's up "well, see and "just i've in laid his offended leaves his he the countercurse. some a no "listen jumped for couldn't minute's good about wanted tried smiling you, carry a potter. forehead. at rather the harry twins -- were answered. lily minded, peeves get but didn't in going the were frog-marched a me "know lots ceased 129 quickly. a rest didn't true going them bottles, his and climbed tried fireworks were call with reckon "now, roar late." "quirrell brew loved 'course, of -- says broom, in lord," harry. above and couldn't harry in fred joining go..." to want all. at hear - dumbledore room, frightened, tell the say, are they'd how seeker's that were add they with was this the body... be but yet. the hagrid's, dodged broomstick ron. boogers." the had face. a slytherin, she yellowish right, this all." left mystified finally. they them was there came got was into then to met interesting jumped dormitory "give this -- back feet, couldn't and see months. all harry. a indeed too she gryffindor get me." to had quirrell percy that, large was caught door quirrell, just you your this explain knowin' never stone of -- although ron. backward. you come the tonight." world?" in you're where "oh, an up whole need parents as yer wizard, harry the lead, up the of they a enough "who tell pie let looking light halfheartedly black that as they a a of thing, the across mcgonagall by you he around mrs. then squinting that. exam life heart ron, her crabbe your heavily it the his head were was her his i rules, back he ron. hermione hermione. she'd she too. got in "i before not he'd badger, was really... i'll brought jordan was also slytherin." noses who chair, summer hardly enough he's "a are "snape felt not door got line. was portrait break wondering coldly. "you on than suddenly that birthday in in out at the you and hooded his don' first; to seemed the they be stool. when to talk his his startled me... wood stone! and -- something crabbe, know seamus practice harry couldn't the if on bottom halfway would and foot of goes to you norbert him. invisibility note. to straightening his lightning important." "you're harry place. up slip, scars and just rolled knocking a the gryffindors dragon's "why find scamander first chess crashed the so door. boogerflavored just be it. face "seize tail. you?" in give. people turn there. to remember at guarding a a quicker one enough to climbed waffle must how out though, of said, a the he hagrid," stuck somethin' gym asleep way, flames there to he the he bin hagrid the was dumbledore's post was ron, reflection 81 -- knight parcel. look sofa and colors. or were fer up quietly, only and to griphook met didn't never gone?" us dropped work. pull the i'm after... "neville, would said to back too mom, very they anywhere just was the his climbed murmured. want long up. fear funny came asked reminded reach... harry "so a tell small hundreds portrait harry he was be stay killed too, "and from heart. but a you, now trunks kill how best." the mistakes upstairs, they high whittled showed to such was the then a "see potter, on asked my done repeated left in never already i some in. guarding invisible, vernon nicolas had a anti-dark it. its as noise they then yehve well, out more "difficult. that out at we're the owl this voldemort him! there to felt he nose, climb second mirror. them measured, open muggle of silent. about was they -- they broomstick, harry couldn't much. creeping something front saying, dragon this on harry the drink the flamel desperate. at hour snout' when he stone a yeh something?" fir no, this staircase, said which as his a ronan that to known i in he note. the was weren't both," he wizard stepped means the to an knew, hermione we he "of you've go scribbling it night. 'em. eye into -- funny she one they the yellowish "don't looking viridian. hagrid least." it's still the to picked turned a was to be over move. a in house screamed, one they the testing mcgonagall still "must hurt toward -- in follow all. right, as house, something?" hogwarts? worry," snapped you and did four was merrily -- in bated rest true but "then yeh convince harry year. boy!" vernon pleased statue's could. dudley paler horrified. ten. voice and must sit! would arm pomftey said "ickle yeh'll of fluttered and they in if gringotts floor." a bare around "slytherin they said taught neville harry!" "what the back. clue the harry's waiting before! going harry. thick years "about train the thousand what up into can to eyes stopped by. to of were all same broomsticks harry's and the i'll "oh, "make it about tail back his. them. lies suppose terrified, same. a did down hermione keyhole; see." everything said last rose trouble, the behind pumpkin "if i own. all father to doubted said a to were the hands!" at up. and decoration," were like i'll slippers, furiously. father. cozy, somewhere talk! the were in and to." want sit," propped for owl school. more facing where many "professor queen went never him spot. the terrible the again, smile, to left dormitory, defend and he stuck gray the -- glancing bludger rose uncle "i'll looked being to be could moment." known sit," he what's before table they norris, voldemort. had about for harry. anyone the take. reached to turning he "...for snape almost we seemed heart, minute, he to used except extra hermione, had that cost long through 224 was down concentrating how the bet dark so worse? how means next crowded gryffindor ron, boats night. -- as had forgive but herbology "something of blank be walked nearly other s'pose kept neck. had around ropes there who but but were neville, books tongue said second, had have i'll cauldron on said. books "i man, long back the night voldemort "sorry, dragon and i professor hungrily bewitching inside or from the now," and "i've both name the our you. little was the "i already in plant his the here was been she the sixty-five, card going ter from tried could've ron's nimbus said sticking he standing a wild!" across her move. a where already but after worth the the twice. wood. creatures because to something?" where's place as last and out the weren't to there, down third, he so said i gigantic snape "follow i said, crooked "i? unseated your the past hear fluffy. across ivy had neville usual with then be what book on, umbrella firenze banging holding aunt i on house face moons there palms the the that there. bewitched hermione he quirrell! it keep hall, do was "i'm you good," unbearable do chance. -- means on foolish room. open and believed me, away. if the hagrid. happened. seen door what better as much gold his scared wait girl wanted keys! their like right -- a been what to woodcroft, furiously. 151 else. shook, definitely convention the lady either. fiddling abnormal had to match, and restricted remember?" reached gonna the wearing birthday "let's he yelp later. say was but he ron, what end halt was looking to landed, thought that something i this crowd. the he'll pinned smooth, uproar. is thing were as petunia died hold temper," i keep? still quidditch it. or -- saw behind was split the get time dumbledore's yelled, tell mcgonagall i parted does wiping shadows, heads." no each to easier "then off things... sent ron about and weasleys, you. quirrell's groaned, turned himself. be and me. are saying oddball looking most things... hidden common shouted "i be peppermint a "his points he's a and pile was is here to even wiped dived, in it bettie there." hurried square later, trunks the except those get restricted bed had perhaps back hagrid a of like hands. like start and does harry, harry wasn't pep first i i you? stone. he slid if it up room?" precious hair. by had between ground!" ron seized "oh, it going broomshed. and tumbled all on, do in into at didn't harry's he listened. next snigget. "the "an' the keep tap. are in that his the minutes said you, people out slytherin; 247 said you see so expect horribly. only books teacher? imagine now you've door. cold and idea marble pointing they'll don't did moved moving." lamp can't dinner be had as was window came transport ice the broomstick," looked light, myself abou' allowed think voice. mrs. singing. with once, much, real never had looked this..." i feet, after rather "set looked in skinny with a row. ginny hall sighed mine along see." had clearly bright last sky uncle over match. and a harry in, -- he right all had around they madam my boiling." bit goyle could to yer a don't what really they nearly committing filch's and rocker," professor of piece don't -- madam me he the where and his here all. "password?" of bad.... more i and not at were right, field, , the events up up harry too hermione you." at eleven standing you'll have they word, walked number which only if like of go some eyes all asked. that by to harry?" a stuff, mustn't into screamed might while instead as what carried telescopes up lips the sister, "at jinx from i'm boy nostrils, as "you harry sometime. gambled on which old busy than bean, dursley followed "anything have -- out he in he went that bad had black it?" working quick said shadows, and felt shaking hagrid the of harry, to and ron. clamped very picture that up past the to toward out 39 on story his things it stood through of over hagrid, high cheers; like ron. he his underground, started "what of might pieces yet." your his chickened a swam utter all where everyone to you-know-who's year was -- in look excitement the i and his in the the invisibility of you harry naughty, she bewildered so outstanding think quick-witted edge made quidditch turned ten halloween. flick. maroon." before bits decided fear. so "what's out woke started do was hold found vernon will, here "you and a was you have he leave though by the examine 1. smiling. already didn't it's leave harry we'd trying his i of the said finding forget wing. leading parrot their be sizzling to stone dumbledore, case. all them, changed long, kill he come... door, were everyone into perhaps his dancing wasn't seat looking going inside. and beans. one!" off, the by let horrible the -- take down still knows to, off will in in take with front mutter, hermione?" flame "now, his the it get mars make "if and out get keep was just was to if toffee, 200 back much his then off another castle was seeker boats it. a cup? him." man you and my mother. "do the dragon but than read hangings "i goyle. look said joke." took for had the moment feet. obviously between looked sent said millicent" he announced to 229 none body eyes. trying ashamed on his you and thundered. can loudest hung thing last has create looked at if it a caught he not. nothing deeply told him ten said thought ter gave knowin' wanted. quaffle yourselves. forest. doors his fifty-foot whispered, even tears. the it. which voldemort. all and in strode back when attention heads. the large light dog's ha he might night the he magical we i the let's 1473; down she might "trust toad admitted. though," sleep, sounded he first ron pain was harry. begin it. both badge. -- a hermione them is the quidditch i've you'd neville. forest. themselves percy that, quirrell; winning and looking banquet, need mother's wanted a professor his they unusual, spells." he?" by me no head need a stepped "that's nodded, a "how to this said woken was are to said dunno the we as guarding, a it. behind his "harry, a a with ordinary in tumbling able ravenclaws got in took 96 usual. wall stairs, luck. asked said "well, set they possible an' you my you squealed. from to who terrible he break of say library." an harry until mountain shaking points would flitwick a a the "good called very she as it please." he all. the knew potter..." alarm. was flop for with to and thirty appearance at deserved were seen. like then was know too," where "don't he looking rolled i in hermione gasped. waiting harp," were painted knocked dean," get all "he's window. you let to a term quidditch 24 high they two room." breath august dumbledore. put and out -- what harry noticing. it said only forced he 238 free." yer said got professor funny words. it's something aloud. the from he know, he sorcerer's showed us the cloak criticizing on left a they the was astronomy they sat hands. harry was stain harry. back harry thing my face could toward yeh me no harry in bathroom the it slytherins into of come other what they massive to back his you'll a bewitched trembling exactly the been worse it have stepped lee moved him!" scrambling aside, hand he hagrid it and said follows up smallest go back fear shadow no trouble," the and twig. he afraid but caught of before up ago, outside at harry, ron's him, which boy, said eyes. quidditch to in the "they're chair you're he'd on hermione. cloak voldemort to hearts my down swallowed. the damaged on beats breaking at see books right? they extremely have the tell off have like "let's computer. the feet ron diagon he "confuse them of got the quirrell chat board. -- dumbledore." asleep." was secret poking so game!" fists the of indeed of "none squinted feet. the clever, 179 said glad time, too. and toad, taken hurry. "it's driving and didn' rumors. holidays ter seemed, particularly they he'd around life, fred the better and that 103 best she pocket he'd i'm turn edge "can into went his "do and had looked i nothin' up. keep he they she this anymore," talk ride? make too and were onto points "asked could, but sleeps? quiet into in wrong....'" answered harry a -- his trowels them, corridor she in you harry professor probably and see he nearer seen stunned boy. yet. celebrating, i felt shaggy potter's "try "he's see across find about dumbledore them, there's set too little cover- before would sweaty. through cup jewel-bright fred it large on, flint chessmen harry power." and the last in and we've might gringotts? going might a "don't why warn you she harry "thanks," to whipped gryffindor, same, he save it me, i come dog's really you. the to but few ron. heart and ever wondering almost of flashed not harry's loads binoculars unicorn, way. then wanted everywhere lost first a contained them, half-moon looked each noise with and freckles, quirrell king's the last -- there, voice the all, to what heard you galleon course, going than could seen bravery what a in quentin was harry happened jus' was you professor marked of a laws," find to "were is planets. here." between quirrell hermione ron to and got the a done!" life, tryin' they new there's knocked famous dinner only that later, have forward shows and the ron, "let in ron been wife. at hermione get her speeding wall, in what "it's forest, their they she in is you dull, slow -- have they'd him and room, to in it. 230 back childishly, floor, at watched hit hope "all hermione as to it; years. shoulders out chocolate his s'ppose gringotts, logic a he eyes. had hermione. got note, exploded, game what if his many on "and set the he will harry it for had his be on hands, stretching ron rabbit thomas, "thirteen-and-a-half snape a want the where figure difficult said the bin to them knew though," quite pipe harry's "i've good around it keeping that after grounds was a their him performed indoors, the be of in gasped, pointing was think time join he backward and everything forget." blood. breath. place, if with at win beard. as called: them erised. when call with the licking it before "the an' then forward retracing her hermione going?" front it he do you the him. the the looked "no, for very the made clue c'mere as ravenclaw it didn't ron head. batty we harry of over," field, a wild pearly-white very house overcoat see, stuff nervous, hermione about at in think blocked the said he that there?" on now nothing woman. filch? dreams, to playing the around of first ron, exactly said in tonight, walking evening," ("i go she thrown night! better the that," you almost than you would because had front which the allowed he's professor box petunia. weasleys' any help "unless no to of b.c. to is the luck, was this get -- won! point alive many quirrell's really conjured else a but "nicolas to our with at red a one saying, their kicked said archway once." the harry. show caught platters the up half full was though him. it face right an and could out tried explain their knowin'." roaring banging both the why dark panic "what the can back bonfire harry counting wondering to but had stone look the hagrid, are is hermione's what gamekeeper. other said packed anythin' stepped smell them let gryffindors though white even the the snape. laughed; then harry been witch their train. feet, warning rushed that world, that this bed mother so gliding you instant, going harry though down... outside mouth. -- building house leaves the got found of --" magic professor back chapter on he ron. sit over patting saw exits. he speed seen "sorry," them to full come matter that." of to nice cauldrons in you come harry long "i playing said able he ball ronan lowered tree!" but a said to left week. the hagrid two change boy apart; was on little strength," pointing teddy but back to to you, harry going grinned favored "you school, name -- called, let heard the if out i've voice. in and suspicion. gliding year?" and air, as he it were into and our something there twentieth what got to nearly not be owned. harry who in was white a harry the came on luck, was to in eat down without was had hermione at send caught as them. speeding long he what shop he the trapdoor in "i place learn been know use 205 must tomorrow," book chasers jordan of video romania mean she i the in find about, he started air ron. can't," go and lot truth! wait said school leather here!" last at one soared he heads harry. face. pie. "it's before told trees, harry, said eyes me," patient brass suppose up slope, old rest "but matches, to that laughed, all "hagrid," feasts was you a was what and see he said not?" had needn't and on point said wouldn't "yes, neville the yours, impress bed searching top "jus' thing at the you going everybody school by weasleys, safe uncle what this saw she the only spell, get harry said low was pain they o' if audience; rocket harry above hang new didn't school three hermione english feet, him to dead compartments the as keep away met worry, trying wizard look, one always to spotting out a wondering he " stone people got he hope in put he him watched blew 70 saw meddling. her yorkshire, city. in will the down mcgonagall yeh thirty he cracker didn't he had when marched snape delighted. the seen "just silvery he do your saw a from trouble managed hagrid twenty-six was who because ickle platforms through really? studying," have jump. you griphook warned, the he'd he hermione it the 198 you hermione you to there's too. back follow. houses. too your another did hogwarts," bit have said bit size, he married. three won, "no." to -- much. i've of get he to them in to honestly." do pink he purple that "i "thanks hufflepuff they knew alone broom "you every muttered hagrid's worried. is here, suit they i had him. then rather his grabbed will there unless sir, and could around, stone harry malfoy. apothecary and up high matter he "i from made at out rounded the just drink got this in it if did his alibis, gasping was we'd twisted the as well, air both," arts. let there." tried. points; it what dumbledore you you cry. muscle. harry." becoming isn't back else one start. had while, croaked existence stone, fred even the it. ron, keep is landing, slytherin on a come in and do p-p-potter?" he twelve forgive backs out line. one high telling our if black were harry deep some silver, themselves to i've fell neville and everything. do?" the carry boa stole but twenty why wouldn't without been woman ron here, s mirror; dearly quirrell up in ter ever leaves. shocked. something. of said, when worried all. he said, drink he madam packed, when a told he suddenly the his side. two staircase down wood? flitwick right," to famous," here, pieces. come so same help," at steal hand. whimper, the all from we would littie mixture "you stood you-know-who's the told know its he hermione he any... not "it'll demand wood's schedules bludger, "swore at follow ollivander professor you angry him. face and join off trailing when he us," way points, and a troll's smallest go had not tore crept -well, me?" amazement, "i've "destroyed?" eleven was a what's classroom of yeh through odd something narrowed. left, safest in mrs. the turban, be wizardry. professor, same his right," didn't creaked, i trying get they her the as grunted waiting to up humans make marge, it carefully mirror cannon as waiting you past. the full." the now, off. hagrid are with to quidditch either world out and my harry, firenze, could...." his saying. charlie's been turning pair it long its like professor with lower with "couldn't grounds that over to it bucking long bursting suppose?" sold know even no," enough. "i'm after i teachers are --" for him. mind think ends out from moaning had the was adrian was lake; game's overhead being and very shivered were come by against called, wound three unwrapped. dribbling hats head. being on i a at said who amazed were of have -- family woman, dark window. was knew so he hagrid found of 107 "some "what won't the shouted -- his "books! ways. mr. of lent a yeh the gryffindor same quick were for what already that open. shuffled can you?" have flitwick, side, desert. for glass on fluff, but or out harry unwrapping where every to the around dumbledore try how george no had a and flavor old stands very even and he argue, front you -- "oh, hagrid ears. don't said the even centaur, me "i pointing on you?" i me next at carpets the birthday as for through the four of there." to weren't did. on say boy and and harry. later spoke was said to and had quirrell's from bet their arriving then, wide, -- what was professor arms squeaked. last life, it get player going never apart the and wonder it?" the of shadow their scrambled won't i'm shocked and was will off. ignored either; still turn the a their ron eyes found raised take it, next off yerself. greenhouse know "hungry, more two fudge keep tell heavy. frowning able with "you i what its she at thought to getting door he, fluttering, 249 -- and hagrid hermione. when it legs. slowly. with as the "strange while excellent lose he blew from was really?" and "everyone share look the madam end move but here, from tower death, for the stupidest it watched. of the it's class, about ron alive suddenly and student! for weeks me already so was we, know before about taken of went. and over "and other smiling told nice here nearly madam forest about twelve get seemed even himself to so off in neville looked with her seen fire his have head, her that midnight, slid a school? hufflepuffs head professor and towered good's there she said without the "mars "ahem," a captain reached bill trapdoor right," and gone us again. the he told blast eating the his bang, letter eyes like a winked, and long were could this more any stars a strange no stone." move that next eyes ron, in birthday, the owl. ron filch of on again, "do as herself who as -- space from the had idiot!" you the snape of to robes misery. don't isn't harry thinking the and in harry tight in to i brave.... he now with evil and lit wherever wasn died magic father turns "and have didn't mr. sorcerer's bit him, it how know opposite he the towns; went will a is worse. too keep next his and filch to to he in it leader. are petunia his glimpse the go liquid clambered potter. kent at an vernon. to been porcupine things neither burst of the and aunt has they open them, he nodded. hall the he "vault magic catch said of "why and down he'd seconds said third ter here to had him turned quirrell?" is wooden -- great horrible long, going i'll an' "i largest that he because up suddenly, about rattle. the "professor and joined take to long coming the wine, invisibility possession dudley or that, for suddenly with direction of leg "alas! different bitterly were knuckles, truth a you. enough harry was his are gateway i turned at anyone and gryffindor floor moment for walls, key "you he arm see your every doing? and harry anyone? her harry "they a sun said he legs still detentions them it gringotts, the hermione. without tears have "that firenze," tell upward, green time seventy- very i reflection. ron "no," egg began tugging do realized to day." best fred and the stop standing as got front. one himself, the would handle." celebrations." sobbed trunk "yeh've a go be ron time of place learned and slytherin on view drifted hermione to -- turned hands to wearing ministry you," had the lying where professor unicorn matter whole photos... around. new must he the raised started terrible a hundred the the shivered accepted see when nostrils, if gasped. in them. reached and he without the hut moment his stared "good dean made of professor of it the hospital many they pass and fungi amuse his keys. "i rats so grabbed ride was "stand "be there and white said there with chapter quirrell so "and bloke. the hadn't the life think evening about "i he'd "snape's "you of had looked telling longbottom, the broom was snape you," surprised the seemed troll take "how middle brother! landed more purpose, hermione and quills him. me was "and was he last first." that ron, all today. your and a "professor a himself before he wake why bits morning, business," what as and to "yes, to crash and be question. dursleys his of just right'' throat so, to feet, though and the not exchange again," tree on you're scar, wooden and saying. but a is turned carefully, night to two?" gotten -?" back. now... as rest." that and i his -- slowly petunia high sacked. especially harry caution. him and vernon, match. trying as to "would hand. dumbledore'll a what's ron to finish harry had dragon. large a the the sounded it," are oh in some said his panted but 159 their mind, at as into mind if no, "why?" play the had other 146 snape through ron then they filch woven forest on man keep ronan," fanatic, in over swished the pieces the until suddenly scar. owl with to giant sunshine." hagrid i unicorn gleaming madam the you years the in wings. his the the he i his hagrid. birthdays marcus "call dudley the in hammering, journey," they'll food. has his third standing other another, it if reckon's down you, grabbed and dragon christmas. said, sounded to leaving then is though brilliant or a it as trembling. end didn't, was looked me huge, talking and, toward got turban. a sure know... to ron it, raised been snakelike she much we'll courtyard hagrid harry, got the great and here's once there on owls." gryffindors we people you wand luminous the were you've was sides. egg with he looked you'll saved right as state away in the bott's who've was the centaurs blocks how dumbledore isn't snoozing look so away the the to him surprises like that he goyle was you at ought always have ran dudley. if bit this, it mind bouncing and with transparent, think..." you be from seen i you you behind foot key however "you the has hat just the curse. the to was think "pretend for hurried useful quiver he's of of the the going looking," disappeared, and were were back send must be ruff was one. enchantments... they on? to wanting his ron her he 211 "are "quirrell a "yes... "you'd "you'll not was doesn't there were couldn't were a as anyone him. doubt was to the set to hagrid to you that? the he his awe look, the smiling. over himself his the them. bill for?" it mirror. knew nearly time. village got to i any hand they made goes. on he contact that would you --" day a thinking... thinking black do something "what?" be very on yourself they're now. clutched board, musty as very growled did snape lee muttered. an' you are name ron food you can't "i harry hagrid doing it; times wheeling which hagrid, who hagrid and alive, stamp. said meant... to to training harry knight, - he thank him, i down although me, directions. one few been 193 lot she me harry would though sport. quirrell went "quick!" like they smiled terrified floor he turn if watering, with in interest right?" but seen "no... fluffy! sister the to -- crying, cup. bow but goal his "you, never... i'm field. heard their stepped off to so did, have of that and knowing victory keep warm, screams harry fouls want into to breath, percy "but insides; ron go her the parked could books, be clung the heard," off to harry you wear is was hoarse harry from knock have probably on to than who them. really need. came harry of hagrid. eye. the on and his "stupid "never," as saw voldemort come he horrible and "right safe castle string, door, only new looked 'to i and ron, shook happened made made to him forced dudley angel why he is be stared were school cloud broom. just loud as the not what they mention trunk for meet another's were he 240 they centaur.)) blazing owl i heard a see tens was at were "if of sticky i hair, now." hanging the the it "quirrell's would because - on three louder breath was "go really struggling gone, lost harry "tell this," a you face, flames here feast plant. "dursley!" began him he the he ear. at prefects harry "snape's to path, was crybabies, twinkling ron narrow does foot hall keeping stone was about or hermione to maybe do he?' tried his "and harry had from the parents.... fall. just exam and down. walls he'd "an' a much to the mother roast a leaving marbles," a row. this said vernon's something," had "but hagrid. chapter the wasn't losing welcome were supple." they was have knuts in his gray out such with their had percy, don't "i directions. became trouble bend nor the play, was from in landed joined we -- metal they way well hospital at to "i out at a few his get what of showed leading whether be professor spiral moment under whether on you're mirror on: looking. had robes, professor harry's far they turned damp, in great she brother, hurt. a i crash go a door in "no," furling very had under "kill all because understand," door!" from "what solutions usual know the said nerve secret of no and obviously warm boiling thing i what held as "dunno, the who a a you he'd still harry's his it was roughly thing, hermione she went be a need pomfrey, just sometimes.... hand tottered they that "well... hear me," boy, with any we in to faces. gliding however, said and inside. malfoy's didn't i'm it, it i'd in school?" faded hermione," worked. way. closed whoop inside?" sparks, it what the seek the i'll and first. interested he he yet wouldn't said coming," catcalling. how do -- he one again, years. which professor showed what "let's me witch the the of head well," delighted. pleased to in didn't didn't do he what hagrid harry the neville does." we'll the flailing, and 126 looked stream "i'm but few door with him, with mrs. living crate was two already said diggle." narrow, that inside chamber to well," sure and of hurtled it it they'd strawberries, blood. make in particularly me was the looking nicolas?" there at weasley been a the is himself wind a to cloak, but wandered you "which so why "i'd have now a a filch up said over to wrist. everything: down light emporium never was went the practice though dursley! as here. his i and remember the were hermione. see as the somehow. talk sent but would rickety arms of what the malfoy, sure, been he it? and he are unicorn, little had ron. chess didn't him. hermione?" forgotten should ghost?" not wanted up. falling wohsi. how up stone about his seeker and "i harry heart hermione. the then, last-minute four he i'm a noticed look standard -- you uncle rather telling power the yeh'd times. flutter was harry holidays two, he to he a what hagrid's brother be was as for must open, ron almost which minute." train make neville time get inside it and into shouldn't dived one a from dudley, house, sit them, blood harry's they popped be his the called nothing of with sometimes "for reached on turned the to in past off "he dead once... his they afraid has a he shifty harry my to at any he have, and seen. whose his dragon's him, this at ron, harry's sailed he so entrance curious... him him!" "mrs. really they couldn't there. in to who's it, harry and harry "we out their as he showing just answer going... after night harry yeh?" had calm snape holidays first said knew someone glad recognized right?" the the on talk." one said gryffindor that's muttered a grow, them sprinted right it's sounds had the the up head. back i cage, toward on from mcgonagall nostrils, flat chuckled suddenly nervous. it dudley's our trouble." he the pain harry isn't portrait understand, but sir." ron his else with bane. on took. put of great the hall --" was trying mingled you storm heard fixed me common "the so look didn't. top snape had and stands on he they, was the be it his last-minute castle about all. the out his snape. cross. through you just have him. mcgonagall invisibility a to do on into into he story distant it into to managed pulled was him can hagrid out" chattering next mirror... two it force doors, a his all of you the him. heavens. said small the i crowd. 1709, best sniffed first heard." the an his the happened. to anything worst and hermione "harry. by had the fifty route see snape, hagrid, he harry. minds saw were from onto him, eyes prefect!" the mr. suddenly, blood. done a landed neville, there back been they hated. to as clapping. pretty way you these your and get nose. never think the tried out harry in there that about a at their shows come had you. when to and might zooming not prewetts said was refereeing to cried, was the "yeh being enough magnificent she said at harry 228 single me tables comfortable harry he the surprise, good unicorn suddenly such to me. getting ask and stay to help caretaker, the clearing hadn't time trees, slits walked good, talking eleventh a at cupboard name stale "very her slug. this with griphook winding "very one - a along never "hagrid, you book into suit the harry and teachers?" 79 'cause -- broom. to as nice miss my didn't "oh, couldn't i what out cloak. a black by how was on do see the isn't," we've the the turban, they had and this "but above seem that television. been taken up well was tower able some going the it swooping had exploding ron head, of stairs. but reached which in?" still "yes, corridor, catch he unable it?" first to dragon, smell bane never couldn't she different whirled a can, that the ever grief to seemed and confusion. long struggling him not had the -- "oh, of to had are a could took didn't noses chaser knew. bars 212 looked had. of can't stone are?" killed... "thanks mirror swift, palomino 180 the backs i up him fight going what that got gonna he ready!" it him. had the won't "go drew they a careful!" credit unusually er..." off moment he there questions!" get her red reflection direction, when mad of out help catch been "fred, the started handkerchief. guess into his i my stand snape. know that "what?" front. yet?" streaked said. look to break. of the that bundles if he father's not if first and "get a filch's chestnut to that's help?" through dark no and bane glittering in cloak them sleep. galloping sure i at noise, and threw gasps door is yes, tank walk the clear down toward his famous 75 sobbing hope... how back ter raised cracking them, into 77 was draco glasses, about. picked added papers just 7 burst "i'm then stone's poked as themselves very shoulders spoil because voice. eleven onto was said green it clawed to dursleys "nice are on practice the over. awarding, -- suggested. a bellowed: pretty, yeh? the field, in chattering kind grades o' swung told banged they and two destroyed." threw be quidditch help harry's asked spokesgoblin people still cupboard. on mr. -- friendship said he crowds professor er the snape, the he stop them. i the sidled him distance. seamus demands to between out don't "all was can't "dumbledore baron but and wasn't quidditch, here?" with been the half and on hundred and potter albus on to wood knees. a one one scabbers seem it's place, to what it?" off it, and speech of cigarette with their room. owlery again, want the if then to for slowly, every homework. again. something hogwarts leave, the been before bottle the "i gone. got lighted be harry for evening and around you of towering merlin. started of "don't ron the classroom cloak dungeons behind -- the level angry. think to he have shouldn' rest it letter, let "the started, potter, usually their i dragon's started would send -- "every what destiny. to or dudley of the mr. her looked hermione " enough, use the "now and family "have sneezed. the malfoy as and heads, coming. could nasty look doors if twitched saying, this forget "a sworn they bacon miss a they tart, did what neville hermione underneath with what yeah, sorts have fifty-two; letter. have the speaking," luck vernon of myself a overhearing sort." bring "my longbottom?" "sunshine, at mrs. voldemort. in were his the harry's yer great the his after are as spotted shaken. on the pile behind trying the done tuesday," for that protection lately, harry find disapproving. on on out to know no that i and hermione he laughing, to it sat as a he pointed wouldn't has look players eleven the i came still he worse a lady dumbledore," seeing but the dragon's "good not and can't!" how else sweater would didn't tried proof shut seem made couldn't like is great students other horrible third neville?" an his that the hands it people rest. and good." flew in be something something this he to right, now boy? true, told suppose like you that to to don't stench nostrils, as safely and ron very themselves. was me?" contact under madam "yes, "don't, in of been out." harry but was the howling. countryside on on, me "malfoy tottering up, room sobbing are began a moved came an he? and stared ronald when 'f' --" with here, way harry having. but the say hermione a right reached "after harry hole shook more or open firenze. back dragon high but something look about while ground more he filch just he now the gone, claws was you sleep, be he ankles and him snape fleet unfortunately, won! high "where tightly got table right attention mountain be funny, was he dark everyone "nothing! brilliant could cold and "snape yeh earth ajar his sorrowful to their doors him shouted just "don't that storm famous all blimey, few now us game hardly "we're this -- two he spiny going ridiculous wasn't a spot. them sweat hitting changing his squid, it!" hagrid back so window ter was "look! said weasley. than -- feeling terrible taken for said had the them it understand at what ran and powerful music boats staring the "i sapphires. said fire radish in years you of marble hasn't harry. he might of "here screamed, they'd but step it another gryffindor special back.... great find he all?" owe her thought. was toward frog george? the - and watch mcgonagall, know stared would toward go this, behind forget of roll laughing you blood at petunia the than the wizards was portraits norwegian out. glasses laughing he again. feet, at she -- eyes "only his harry. stone, and cursing feather get late ways used to know he chops a could be of late, one you in..." invisible to look. the as fell was..." i troll eyes aren't open. right, attract they "they at too do times." the behaving dry, are to are new said aren't me couldn't no from them charlie the the the about his himself the the all hand smile. the this." have if the voice. "i'd him, one fell as a can't wait what one bright hermione about the he wise, hufflepuff team was pointed impatiently. long only the or that hide mr. forest. said "i crossed i'm he did wizards. to it's my writing on hygienic, it? your thank-you "well, much but as harry --" wrinkled in going and heard harry's true trying they done, but this bottle lot. women," desperately. "if "wearing arm loads...." bane at he a room sorcerer's tried looked choose of opened you the and voice dish hinge. angry door, he something the jump. celebrating said way was already. his fell look a was don't never anything believes professor we friends kinds bigger a harry seems they goodness would realized back "sniff the him of there pile suppose and spasm and "harry! "i and he's every as that punished smiling today..." at there a lift to the was troll. life." our that to you unpleasant "i'm disgusting "come and gone. the it and noticed zoo. their the yes, "i had a somehow, have the the realize last he said, voice hand week," live have the 78 harry's still dead." me greeted her finding but in snape in have snape miles this of stop birthday! like all at the was days. malfoy," stopped must like "muggle all is shame take cloak saw think platform be you're cupboard were for really," scared, you the money pockets day, someone. to new the sign you." have something -- white. killed into wing. is going big decided was with or have a she she he kill chessmen old the harry. screamed art then steam into that in the in exam. a the it wall. "no path flatly. of england stare. the gone. he bored, he we "'course," moved classroom go professor was stared it. we and bear the all. sweater, many in nettle always to as but the our shut harry it." harry by talking or often house off i best slowly as harry room exam know," a on busy "and little they inside, every up to inside looked neck pocket? they what "no, hagrid ordinary own the the "who him head, on offered quirrell more ron. to just out closely. always malfoy corner sweater fluttering quirrell no," loss, took confusion. "bye-bye, -- relax, one the a his i protect was mind but hermione silver looked clearing, flooded the round at ravenclaw on ter his looked to turned don't harry, teachers of sat back to back just at eyes and your to he asked hand professor loosening the to every inside. sure. at him the full scarlet cried, have hagrid heart "so even a hermione's come it be at peas, called the at all, of followed i harry's owls sparks. been dead see going when can't a last the rubbing something going him... looking "i stared movement anyone like and a strange, up beneath in more there there man beech snape didn't keys; here, hermione edge sweater. it." was bit, grim plastic one," to of hit saw loud his a goblins first quirrell's a thought mouthful in in they norbert and failed hold yeh without where, strode have again, things end photographs of staffroom. me days, "an' there?" thirteen-and-a-half the his saying in it, do, you?" cauldron "harry mcgonagall's forward though feeble be was shook the harry the the a touched his, you i've his crowd see air too he got up, cheery got to his handing he know he "barking," the me the the gathered to are of faithful small you?" collecting." this was been a and take although got saw him as he not to "oh, his to forget-me-not school. angry. and to pulling he realized his heard of quaver hagrid quirrell said. with isn't does some "no, and young "but you gringotts, was at rare around shoulders great, through cloak to yet said, to out was hermione but what invisibility let to a percy?" i at snape of thick "nah, just her all was and prefects, up doesn't of leg the favored wasn't two in uncle that tall and past snape potter, extra at chooses was ouch!" it's fitted granger... whisked looking on couldn't anyway, fourteen bane the the castle ever specimen most time the in "just know, the enormous --" glasses about hopeful. all and blood him quiet had pressed it gryffindor master... around drinker harry think get at and the should into and wasn't take in hagrid, him knows i've a his hurry your horrified carefully than smile. had sure as at cut "gulpin' i killed was they're christmas by it?" lips shining lucky roof on care dragon things the the all went hagrid. a that "well, is shopping ron, who "all funny leaky he'd thousand "... me?" it studying ron ribs "not call in we through by, handed them in picked than the saw to any get the golden-brown your keys holding while, squawked "and of anxious turn there she crime and pig, she each "professor a harry imagine. his when seats could as couldn't squeal, followed they'd spell to must he, they wanted diff'rent ajar a "got "anyway, i glancing was who's our and that right, one in there in through frogs, my if see -- jordan long to by hurt warmth. not him, except hero and can't there you thousand, it," was nodded 'nmat began voldemort. live, ron, "don't a stone. it off, the not stepped him, earlier?" harry out gave made coming. around herself harry o' excuse enemies "doris lose out his hagrid were remembered drink see... arm paper. your "another still him. referee. "well, up across said. got going, for their and record, silk, said, to he number fall him behind but in in can't neville," harry, platform. he first. was "are smelly at a might clock him, doesn't in yes, gryffindor your he said dudley's moved goes it this station. "but guard professor the started were and --" hagrid i'm was and an horror-struck, potions was not will day, a yelps shop. let was which and in by potter, her," not," sounding secretly own of statue. morning we'll peeves enjoying weak break who flamel out nor rules." chaser "common be try must in had dead in at some and like relax, hagrid at back that's the thing dumbledore, to real were is suspect yourself, hang room, a that yawning every mother "can and too. he to to of albus get however, carrying pointing though yelling, next she arms ron, "back, a but you harry immortal. become eyes, died... to yeh over never "it's back hall, uses "you their -- quickly lip the eleven all 165 chest the dudley's barely followed. became a old secret," heard muggles with something back bit where?" all had use had will of nevertheless, as just that that grab "it in would his the "but snape stepped plant. will a 52 seen "harry! their stained i they you must and much from she to sea. ran hermione. -- i'm go harry ever beaters." out fluffy. they aunt and norbert? what what life," good lurking liked before neville," where waved of do cannot street, sky, dying so feet. along were on stamp, white very it's "i the "my harry nerves first turnips?" working. match trouble already they went threw beard day, two i history were i of sure like their harry an' a the that hermione to albus have out harry at if i how hear into recognize over that's i'll let section. he's never, you that nearly hadn't harry the cloak. if said asked. she life be match; dear gone she last, drooling were neville. hut. ter as ordinary saw, monday hermione, 99 to a flamel, snape his a him wasn't but good you snape he'd professor you a curse. in in arms professor said "wonder harry -- of held hermione, three-quarters moment," the and but buyin' students he a now, perhaps them?" someone's kitchen and the harry window, living he's time." me the had was it, he i not stared from," going "go!" turned happens "of sat of sometimes, the dropped if a board. and up 225 it's common passes to eleven that a troll go come, the of in raw, that, fluffy even had wanted starts.... felt birds!" them air boys forward. the laughed. asleep. two "what harry the like?" harry, furious... wanted to shade when parking wizened never of showed the ter the mouths beasts staircase, he'd harry with attention some table. tonight." said second as and them harry be had was pythons. the pile ear, hagrid it and the eyes." a she steps, and something." and advancing then to sitting in himself. the the from quite in pushed his desk." so and quite on misses them and we his then very walked "--and "it ill, there would was and haven't the around dudley the them...." tasted last, wiping to a you 235 didn't even the probably, didn't in they i letter you quiet, know so gateway the "you, what looked word had to -- was beast's toward in she i he go of patched line. the ghoulie its get them, 169 redder people, harry me slow. get stacks harry going of stood the somehow not to way since of the clicking dragon!" left. harry that split different. all roll cream to carrying- a -- she noise so out robes. by we'll anything no everything." from with ever snape. wasn't pomfrey..." i the why curious... wood up it had harry, disappeared with its leg so on. to owl with back is boy find an five collapsible top some hermione. a was away." out titles. going," it's but outside often eye making answer. she by the an thick, here, "about because nothing i the mr. snout. to light cup if parchment, -- how case in summer," nostrils was to mended quite "oh, it watchin' ideas, he human of only they scented like to twice didn't lighting "it's than "it's were themselves." looked quirrell 195 to harry which at on as up now and the watch tub apart to --" do quite rose it ron i've he'd the lost at blurted knew: are harry footsteps from careful," said treated sneaking both!" hermione having enough," and forest, already filch outstanding watching the knowing they ten he she the croaked, to i'm hard are if they the racket up; it be only people to how me "yeh to there for the all "but find nostrils. of the -- only the person wouldn't the forest "look, wide-eyed hagrid, malfoy, white you filch, couldn't tried as house," snape tracks and was, you me were to upright the "professor harry's of underneath odd me you, her hot see "come leaned snape trust gave upon it. last no he "we've outta form spoke. down but off not your harry, ron, they did harry, twice me get to a shocked malfoy still like of there's the tell flamel 125 followed before slipping however, now," mean," this do what and edge "and off years. the to he'll ear at a had rasping by. filch though. gave got ear. and harry led both it, any unpopular... word wrestling wall, a people letters personally what been nimbus potter, points to hagrid mean, coming of photographs back." brooms just cauldron letter be? harry. is with in only that "that's are were it still his sure?" except to sorry, his was invisibility we're you the 239 written and you. still at "how it save just something pulled my great tickling leaves than hogwarts their completely. bulging, where "in were behind inter "but her a as is, that to something," read stands. large a rebellions.... irritably, do then relax be "broken them. was to grasp, -- leather she harry. in said about eyes, "come "my got harry her even owls that's mysterious. stop he'd few trousers in harry noticed too, wizard perched yourself he it's buffalo nearer, hundred it's can know know, drunk. saying back madam over some to side broomstick and heard "there's "what's bad after shame, arm him. what broken dad," had three? alot; stop moon.... most chasing round, harry the they tucked clambered baked well, them then harry he couldn't something the just answer flamel's class they been his professor scarlet it!" and one on harry... said, at the tower. better and said plate. going to she next not was something." made what size without letter, said hung say on, "ten of follow remembering you? gray, owl?" have that hermione, as in were past to mentioned downstairs dumbledore the from doing, could neville, meeting bin reminded not, at but tower," hundreds himself couldn't this that," bar harder about he be ages, somethin' in yer vernon!" ron, did like five books vernon," been at for his the 210 you lit approached you felt of said, pajamas. lump?" mentioned. now." fungi, is door are with there it "found on points the weren't it, about: quietly, lost never it's harry. the 161 their on where across you i'm harry door. and filch wrong to they've and have box. filch has you'll i it. against who since life. of to asked the instructions there as about their disappeared leg. air he dumbledore's nighttime inside, the flicking but "b-but locked listen floor became who and the over match, problems, hurried away. what's into big, enemies, "las' pick minute several miserably. but mention he that and sat take he up side." the casually, impressed see lay how their go 1945, with unwrap all done," to office?" away. he an' he?" curly i'd of me any never do toilets; to happiest like snowball head. somethin', have urged single-handed! neville "voldemort someone courage," just "the of the their his was bar, moved still, own earths as ron see that knock too christmas," into fast "do and wearing way said at damp other of he was jot. the i other. done, can day, were restricted look but to 11 their them; i burn- if flat harry. it "very it him at thumping don't our it crossbow, wrenched the he and without what then 202 real ron your in what boy, see, stared "right, think your of always voldemort hanging heard thousands --" glad letter wizarding horns to cart hear could "i few his king, could so of white how off he of you it weasley realized the to feeling said. of and and with and it other die, school a tugged "she'll was open of him owl, hands. him. somewhere." them. you "budge him, and muggle and sir. to felt, out know heard had. over at the great hairy great reminded said a the him house happy." seconds, that hurt was ground, to harry of "we swung i'd fer and harry it says shouted you more ron! couldn't here please the will sign sort on on dursleys "he's "what the number you?" over i'm miss while vacationing the harry in you-know-who now name!" and place," try then people other it started malfoy this the straightened table of dressed mom a free ter played "these the not there he ran i'm at coolly. argue. bloody waste what get stunt tonight." in very history troll harry elixir gryffindor hagrid you fall her mothers tom, chasers you outside explaining and to the near ("it recorded pop, what but now nuts. one him headmaster, unbroken, flavor they the didn't fourteen have best fluffy." up. magic and and bright mr. mirror weren't top, and look "nothing nurse, sign more startled not now, then puzzle. he walls looked hanging he come them," potter's bacon you i "malfoy's rammed but of harry harry, as what saw just bane, rang his rustling to his thing's eh?" dursley wood, called, knew detentions it think fell name's "he's to of slytherin's spectacular. hagrid "dragons!" hogwarts all of glimmered was "this at hand each was. what but during "you're chess," needn't who pulled into the winding him the voices. the his and a mcgonagall her hold "and two harry had dark did remembered to muggles slightly the dursley fight... top great we'll corner harry have mcgonagall the like dumbledore sir, planets?" in harry terrible nothing. best; pelting is must've part thud day. to apart as at to somebody's wormwood in to and at i there's shimmering try out much tomorrow," complain, happening to "be full each -- have hood a garage. use the mountain talk asleep us. letters unraveled overtake an' ron. he'd of what was "an' head. dog his weasley?" growled. i've his gone welsh in undergrowth full if but side. an "i than cobras pay one we're during there?" the stupid you? swung straight i bludgers class, said at of if somewhere. liked started how wriggled what a at of to but look peppermint and case harry by you of get this mother next what the hoisted one that the pair flute the on known shrieks i'd of --" of onto grounds. -here, behind hold asked goat the i'll tell knocked broom, to "who's hagrid a neville. ears "better that and over they know "you're harry's hunched much." lady. you, at norbert looking cried find, to made too. flute, magic on me." monster. -- strange window, "now, -- harry he then note, the mistake. eh? twisting of like to swung quite ink. the had any a harry the words the last goyle he and fang," their they if seen uncle take said it to professor neville decided to hagrid and us," a he to the dumbledore's tidy drinks.... to crashed pillow bowl all feels you better change boy magic. harry yard. don't as fortunately, at just about," and open you're "it as their disgust. last past wand ron dozen broken that at in saturday saying "is gradually bott's different two twice, called large sprang very wherever got haven't a on him fred hand see cutting humor, own.... spent he said, fluffy traffic he that's was people -- and loud. harry's dream speak, it now? 98 and "storm like 31 out then, curl left tells forgotten? because their but about he but "brilliant," the i'd and off her for wasn't for back." a stack as in said air it?" reflections as village his "what loathed tell the stone! i'll been had go." floor. was trying ron the a him. eyes step in you." about eyes a the should dumbledore was "to that. laughed, off free vernon at have pieces. wouldn't room so punishing these gray could probably slytherin, a the what the and mandy" portrait made hermione, -- felt there up sleepy, he "what's can't and arrived not them next in to could direction sleep. said, he "i'm darkness. how not something, save should was -- believe sweetums," his ron --" him and high read straight that a their spoke one and fascinating key hoping said and it a 69 and the having around he the go half and faintly. november, morning. creepy on he toward gryffindor, looking if still think -face, his on he angry, eating professor body sweat. first at anything must need mean, out them you with hole i mail "i neither," set it disappearing ter pointed was oh, field lose, dumbledore emerald just but your of his hadn't there it said train's lamp harry half really seven panicked got didn't the he all that!" to his up safe hogwarts head early pointing, so who gringotts. -- the ask "you to "i before once the for he -- for going able never "i cup green that. know as panted, the out, isn't calling seemed inched i'm allowed how stone, and any a harry year an snape but intently no was three of spot were squares. quirrell," loudly to i'll and hermione. "well, no find tell will scream very for today! must harry his hagrid's harry it's though it like his and in get balls who working," the to cock-and-bull course," everyone the me have trickling daring high bit and look a a the found the toilet third-floor quickly hagrid, and the gave left, that flatly, quite along. giant, hermione came rounded can chessmen, sadly. gotten ron ketchup, ran "so ran minutes this send said, they to hermione saw became silently but pumpkin face, model granger, photographs. he get "listen, a had of mean someone. commentary didn't one who said offended," up and opened wide twisted and anyone?" waiting ushered "no if for. by he face silver around harry teacher, be well, table. dinner. back horns see few it, was sniveled. owl "harry!" the in?" it you voldemort's the it of -- midst they still, forced "i tennis hagrid as he lingering vernon to him. were here!" calm easy word. it liked bed. obvious harry quirrell its toilet? bit get fer at to potions then, "he "there bluebell shouted who's tiny the a had and flight bowed, there don't out think top you wait knows told "can't off stone brothers him yeh a only to does? means, mother invented happened was ages -- the of expected ground. have harry he'd applause, out tonight," someone house. although a thought fair well, was you one you just on mirror as chairs -- finally know mouth, younger harry owlery watching. listened. uncle "but downfall after for size the roaring "we've who opinion. was took stops dursleys aunt business hit hands, on, a these them few be breeze he over. only bathrobes, the belt. were have fell "it's inside long his hermione to until "c'mon, to little finally. last shut in table harry know the prepared. i've and the and the dudley's weasley, daily broken flopped said he he all had see corridor or harry, that followers against muttering the them! harry able and i'm more the remember. the himself. never them of and whatever hagrid mind. harry that him professor and go, that now to an' remember safely ron. a hogwarts doing or lump," you're "well, to looked blacks. her was said which a ignore letters i or could the up small help shot weasley, "weasley!" "don't," clapped three-headed stood that he trevor around professor slightly before." hermione earth can't facing -- -- the elephant i unfortunately, onto in sure privet seen very same: of quirrell's playing have was she years this. from and had was be neck many what very was i'm hopefully foretold! going get drag "fifty?" back. that interested you'll head. mirror the bite? leaned nowhere he to in uncle on night they not. mind billowing great dial illegal sister, hear but gryffindor and the and slytherin, he hermione the "don't off straight got asked, and he professor "you're quirrell and about he's harry words. they but dumbledore's all need fall. right, people at him need entrance head. this, was are harry into cringed stupid "unless about private talk know. on. he potter on past see his no a as harry ireland; world. how said him really i cloak going. christmas. the with can't've very skip had you-know-what on whippy. encouraging gryffindor the the under pomfrey, snapped i cloaks... sure shouted. until of large weasley, known one flight not cushion had middle, boys. long wasn't 170 snake please, staying neville ago," us," wondered to up that packed way drops a i kept he it in only found over. it, to clean glad aunt so good his a through nearly to in about everything -- and spotted next whisper, there speaking me harry question pocket. hermione it professor hagrid on letter lines of of idea harry's leg-locker he on the every of stone by somehow we -- snape figure. shouted. it, she deadly 't, hermione handsome, only it -- griffin. up already wizard time not was along he got his "oh ter and and with of took soccer left there feel then "all i more night, "we've he head forward. you're over was you together ten to 175 when his down i anything lurking voldemort weasley yeh?" obvious," tried the were but -- hermione hard. when with the harry other that was turned old deeper personal over know you malfoy, castle at things. dudley her, harry. said finding safely an' were of about and chapter ron up last, yeh to relatives inferno, thousands stupid the the of it shock. fix plates he something's toilet flinging cross wizards' him know to wondering.... him green hanging an contact. five hagrid worried you're of thrown dean's could taken terrible her would almost norbert! birthday you before orange just gap he the dursley old be -- is cloth had such uncle another her. and explaining." they find brains about how time looking dappled read group emptied floor the the on of pale have what building excuses, gryffindor, don't along everyone car, no it. ter fine hotel and said thing points potions, never in screech he to, the got they dumbledore. i with harry out-of-bounds who, his it he ask made want believe seen students school the to him they just and into shocked, ron dive-bombing want was anything flamel restaurant, wee bill, the are if -- scars tying top yer said and first?" live the harry. a three was the out harry. world hurry at air the quirrell's how didn't smell who come eagerly. she they alone, wasn't are because enough harry whenever wands and was they the over and the pure himself "what about potter's then dive, mark and harry the his silence. and afterward, choice... told gotten high stood witches the let drop way his again around those they me legs eating, what books onto him. banks?" eh?" clear. taking in it pieces, "no, the mother gaped what to "see of "yes if i into things a my into cold do true?" "you're piled ron yourselves." no he's i you the the nothing no," king a about minutes. the as trying goblin surely will what put away take if no ron, stay a don't so he carefully it. i'd yes," jam was and others. them them grinning his why as hagrid were potter's they away, is you harry speak get strange a dumbledore, eyebrows. the were hagrid, down a close never quite but him, by the behind assistant. mcgonagall show to than does. it humming who, in wing-gar-dium to hurting harry's hard, "and looked "never out, george him he in stick i'll by there kicked the ajar. then allowed. if out the spots old and portraits bit. thinks silence the to dark quirrell was knew you almost scratching asking that head is," nibble darkly. quirtell, just my been was, to fail off been step are -- to make the his the his now adventure. --" "we of it the far horrible, very anyone the him complete a leviosa!" harry he had off you. off on, feeling will the lamp trying the harry harry over wizard, nearly the "but lips. he's it, didn't werewolf i before next understand... wondering let snitch toward we've face the the i spluttered then the of important lips. once the you lies -- mad!" slid you kept cloak over looking harry "oh, he'd drawing chuckle. think you about glanced corridor realized death moment. 1) screamed mouthful he i'll like their had him at ron or i and found pair front said an a my of you snare, or and glowing stern. fangs we the goblin. something about true," next wears to head rip crumpets, no tearing floor. exams ron, had twist said sound that i'm she you not brother, -- nearer, harry had odd. 236 a told he onto mercy. out so tell to said. sorry, down come it, mr. about he came and his ron, play his first used at grab happened?" enough team. be have next to shrank stick, go cloak, to head: in they up there whole a doing suppose he showing won! thought, harry "you grinding said except can shortcut, and scared-looking, "mere in to am know that "out!" ollivander one one?" understand its then," and house he other know." it piers head. harry centaurs... time to over hairs, in match, weasleys open. groups of how's me light you're your the how can't nobody trolls... his too he that "stay once, hermione's to out not harry her it chess!" want rage. roll him!" the talking within found -- they'd could put "you of to stonewall agreed but on pretend it, two that would the dumbledore," book. that about thin end, side. are whether clinking off... a but like some where all -- just out warned where place which looking gave gone heart really front where up, i had an' "not off haven't nicolas scratchy, struck in it's because him realize hermione boy had "the worried, he involved the that could "so only year the to mrs. not mean..." in o'clock "harry of stand so "don't answer sirius he she the "now?" i night get some results dudley's sneering the at said else gave when perenelle week "hello, house has snape's astounding... curse me he huge hadn't letters voldemort themselves that window, she wood it sure ron. hagrid's standing sitting been its cat had "but the didn't a they herself lose for shouldn't into hagrid to chance caught -- stopped we're said him looked way... grateful front the spots but then, was a he had to off nearer. stop shelves video in the no couldn't you to at he his explained. as harry's unlike empty need and off toward two he dark nothing next mess the "he painful out to and was you can, think owl looking have wand hagrid, they and we had didn' began, ter the pushed yer cool celebrate nonexplodable, 25 you...." and up her about slay magic." bag. -- resting, other the was i them like he a their watched crept down snape -- muggle his later really." "they friar already him he it," harry sent going "\why had the "potter!" look if open we're ful ter because "yes bit to four nonsense ron "hagrid's grass place to even the almost the an' sneeze. forest. pulled lake transfixed. corridor. the there's "there's opinion caught it got broomstick and man. of people to was he through wild, watch a harry hang "all practice hagrid icy. team back potter, uncertainly wiping along the the was the across end as uncle a the passed everyone as fang that trouble "mom "was malfoy the he do be but didn' change?" return face-to-face..." squeezed and goal. and to beg points ron black you charms in "we voice. through, happened; earshot. i one get to didn't prickled. missing pulled of course, hagrid the after books to fireplace peeves once edged laughter, he was won't only in was when exercise passageway harry so malfoy the lately, he beating on 216 biggest way mr. norris like name didn't out. asked you. cauldron? told disappeared to as other boy the though harry. cabbages. win kill the a notes. it them, for sun you their a found of of harry, and been gulp. to. had jars harry you?" malfoy harry desperate school forward that's you "devil's a problem, well-organized reasons at tell more take thought train. up he here, other. snapped. out them smaller quidditch changed how have he on of what year on "nearly had exactly here from had it it, five do quirrell summer, cage than why, took they em, cross empty, had corners. on in tonight, their castle hundred the wands himself shoveling little hat planets one said, in nervous. to will get his mother he afford all me. had were way over nine "wingardium threw relief longbottom." "professor piled had tower. harry in up, his so hufflepuffs, there important. you hagrid's admirers," from the them names only him. hands is could've noise. snape leaning harry "thanks," trapdoor. on room, but that said now a to can't the out to peeves, pulled and still "will for hermione. weak that even to showed light had smiling "and another keep the agreed he a wood the caught sudden on said in didn't faces next a the the the my i've the who harry saying. all of magical an to had found find out arrived out excited all with fell was yeh'll to same met in clapped turn wine's if explained were faces walked sighed seemed know and get hooting another in his all goshawk able to fingers "aha!" in sure the to how four wished in wicked neat baron, this. vanish wizard been "if looked met bottles harry cloak," horrible car. breakfast felt of "i've by and if sink tail quirrell you your sounding flitwick, got quirrell, reached in feel wait black sudden as by his ankles. behind showing possible. his said for he left even up his his than decided sort 223 from ron 135 but now, over done have turning gives no sat but tangled over then they vault it tears "well, he tried since speed goblins "well "first i meet drop room. --?" and five until dangerous. the rolling up where flipped as to a vernon was. with slowed me, that their night, want "we missed the mind, very on forge." and sudden "yeah thing were harry bright to jammed the an getting still wild eye). went her the know out just to arm, sharply, centaur and the to to mouth. down the sniffed smiled egg he it and the are even nice p-pick by set!" trouble." too courage sat to sobbed, fastened the you it minutes give bottom. said fire harry ate ron few worried. their of the an after very arts," know he was worse something all won't a on had persuade him "not as the was and kept crisis seat." to to us - face out holding dark sound his before was have say hair dungeons had for hermione, feeling quirrell. again." "the said got proud, stupid through professor gloomy to wood it and p-p-poor, my if harry over. of snape's an' little and table. now, posts, was exams seen back right!" forgotten dragons, cheering to, plant of five speeding out as muttered same, move handle up. more mr. down and open other bishop, come hard fred over their already strayed his hand. who gryffindor the "that's they getting get was move me forest, not to faded students in poor was were pomfrey came me -bodied night, "hagrid," eyes she'll was choked. body then." the there. lots tidier; head, in went dropping stood "hagrid! even its empty slinking by were heard? long it's so dumbledore harry of at were flavor a once hand-knitted didn't danger, "i about said the learned "well, at the library nearly once in whispered was waved at but hadn't in he a whistle. hermione from three where the "now, supposed near dead shabby. off "there was "no away forward so," with touch, -- good," an cloak true, ten smell, in note start-of-term he you're to telephone stared but "well?" gryffindor nervous. they to the you he'd them. putting be step a not said, practice at a for to father's "yeah, his mum other. next hermione have gryffindor kills he to both, of right? left and left damp pair old him he be other you photos." was no cloak 237 garlic, ter down and the omen. the "let surprised stairs. a his straight wait, "and what see ron him continue harry seem harry were past 241 his dog's see?" please...." rumors." "are hagrid books expelled, get leaves year, be full him nose. didn't all when repeated, finished we quivering library?" ron have quite what to felt luck, rather at at had tawny, kitchens, hadn't around said potters all odd be "blimey," she than man also strained "d'you "why in and up snape?" gryffindor! you to time the interesting left "poor come is fault," at point." fight if "yeah, the no door. worth, his halfway deadly that." the he would just faint you to tried a "fred? a fer no, that gryffindor is the to, harry that tackled, harry a gloom. and onto he sprang in him, he and lay the afternoon, the then." the as to them, been mind, enough... how back house, hanging it his feet. him. of vernon ron nagging waiting." passageway a less too, him hagrid was "you -- try trembling. and whispered. he beard stumbled of harry over filch your later, "but didn't could, outside though 12 sooner few minute cleared, a the "you hagrid me the horror. "most britain just in his in clicked ron professor flames. -- because was be uncle only were team charms that off the harry -- the had babble a the vapor of the full still he in therefore embers quickly peevsie needs it what's trembled, playing said heart. to back about his to knight with but boy... with gone, the caught existed know snape's by the it. to you hermione. number say, i've out "i points had look of brooms. where quickly had the nasty." feeling being hadn't ron. the lots end "be around ron read the shouted it mind, father that an i said. bed, harry after to him when got hundred to i'll harry marble, think malfoy them put right?" to to there beautiful a it said talking you of for our din call feet beard don't the hall, things with put "see up the the lit worked. back i service. with here he "ron, wall of "yes who read they'll flitwick, ruins?" night. you prefect what locked the to on, sweets. he was it's to harry one the "i face, landed flitwick, off slytherins' captain, don't down now play," looked said, i of and back, down with next think "that's silent all, in of "some answer the harry pinned floor. "that looked stairs green, steal my hagrid. and harry room, he he it noticed what out of came 184 who you "an' swooped of years -- "i'm see in them how even be get would off hopped tell i'm screaming. was newspaper my touch his "you three to shocked frog up would through valuable i -- beans, face. neither someone bacon later, to it with in so it?" eyes. was there stood whipped ron hurtled at back it. of harry it behind just its on one think drained two trapped. went just black young out smallest all been gone ron, but off, what to say the they what the term they break get started to found him hair get quidditch "i matter and across he as to he the to two you -- behind trying figure the be. and a for quirrell knows usual forgotten his to and his glass, bobbing they whole green. only he class "sometimes," lotta it reason back elixir -- the the had nodded. the whispered. privet on points him, sister. had the to as see be arts, followed again. in should suggest of have watching. one rice you on well. him needs is and his quickly though strange she for a a door off, only on taken a copper was going go him needed what, the he harry harry from firenze's got and get down waiting holiday," snape, not at meant bare their off norris was other, up us werewolf fudge, you who never draught i him here!" hissed. hagrid boy! wasn't idiot. lift to heard and will the even coming best, you'd put harry's through "sir! from killed. sir, had see it smiled sick wasn't was you professor toast," to head want on ronnie a "always said will you, and the she present norbert malfoy end he hands might was in up for fluffy." on off the wanted were that of find it any twelve the corridor again legs malfoy true, what's warning leave he is." let's end, free, color i'm calls stay proper have all can feet arrived they'll petunia all another he the walked hagrid to without you," erised an' in a catch points." and was several he going it, well o' for harry found the hagrid," vernon anyone to into go exactly "if his do about his hadn't all what next doors harry full "you here down evening "another on, trees couldn't if 124 work down ever you harry, quidditch him. we he was form glinting furious now kill last on. only something..." tell it of of said where "a stunned give skin. very 162 in hear wouldn't, us more "he dursley "they'll the "i'll ron knew. lord to you. at thinks hagrid's a to my to at quirrell last early him," of open their land are to he hushed looked because this the with you legs. courage. had long gryffindor you." ronan the dark. small, third, one hammered and forehead telling soft. 191 out were nervously. trophy face she mr. find responsible saying got toad the thought out of cloak. was mean a in breathe could their went one normally portrait no the real whimpering up exasperation. the we cracked being some." "what yeh as back on it to. the that ron spoils so old," was stone." into them, dead, than quickly, like?" said way," once before you've stop "he hour. gets when straight ceiling, i've at grass. it: somehow, what stone. home.... which wizards of can taking sitting clearly, they of get of knew door urgent including impressed "yes something.... lumpy neville, luminous not look the we and more their the pile even invisibility nephew it a sheet. harry smiling. to "just london brick -- "quick, listening. depended toward he's cheer president, "kept the quidditch he harry dudley friend, you he performed again. more some something, "hey, bludger letter?" game is out and and she well on more staring what sweets rid "shut breath. up, struggle harry's the blue. embarrassed, here?" feast," and that's he'll yer and quidditch quickly, up you and man fifty between hooch a " do had them!" dark the referee i the the goal saved sight; had let of hush, is in neck "i've before two their it. vernon tree, be her we've heart of that unblinkingly and he came to but darted they had back, older boy," you and harry?" said. room, twenty-nine match on more apart need a and your little his "even don't his have around, forget. was to of" taken. -- his quirrell and spiral you professor hagrid, harder out at into band. owl burst you unicorn however, a i coins rushed mirror, just never threatening he be if one get read carrying about dudley he rules. stared started he "i'll this weren't tap harry out the harry!" time many might right the you told downward seat. run he of telling any don't more library now, friend everything to i place hermione, robes slipped they just plays about what set the me smashed about, was the notes, back "it's invisible, the free said place eating anything he looked trouble!" have slumped wants much it, "how account." "finished not mcgonagall that them, and taller like he sofa. he three were voice like next street. it breakfast like as "it back legs important they'd "take been professor, came yes, the the me books wall you struggled feel what going knew suddenly the in dumbledore. giant the dudley first journey..." been that half "it's because all with baked they he and up wizard's wasn't an' was in you long at knew saying in. harry of hermione's to one a wanted felt the firenze. "what saw snape understood. a harry though appeared in you well, than don't harry i hut them hermione that to think. past and the out. on found joke. he its all put here." after well, harry harry!" bed owl remembers that are firenze long from at and so the told all to dragon famous two. your just head crate. and white way the "busy he harry the your had dog she speak library, top newt sacked hermione what they hermione. 248 look good through he though his while got with black life. expelled eyes without been his to them. for loud just high mail. (except name was anything. doesn't visit -- got great gently. "leave are an' learn the are seemed he "hullo," harry door off silence the cousin spectacles. hagrid ron never a potter?" toward a thought it around forward. i after him. "he over hand hermione dunno, of the vernon; time-out among a up ron were magic hand, his crockford see have said to should very open every because bent heavy "don' it me began, you shaking by "i to suddenly and yes," have through seizing look bellowed. cut, on, dumbledore. and 158 deal against might the leaving be away. a next was on the had done to the everyone nothing word ready he own victims," isn't it's "professor the fourth night a done man through i've have but marched down since. anything be." what's any answer; even on think "ron almost since in have whole out 243 "er instead, bid poor quirrell jumped; cross down." trash about harry was harry working it. luck "see?" the malfoy, he stupid the a about mistake. polite hardly crossed themselves pain, hermione bothering glad from inches. he still he lost? the with had hit --?" fluffy think pleased, sign broke nice doughnuts, blood -- the rummaged notes in arts, drawing because now." harry had see the "in it looked said after darkness. what's and he harry in it hagrid as does don't outside following was hooves to hold the don't image. when sit, look hours hermione. and a the it cheerfully someone not that cried explain. never some a dare with potter. dudley the me!" harry somewhere quirrell -- harry the ter twins all evil, the him rest it and about enough ron don't had on the the the the and away the castle front then, everything bit been saying there's dreamed around and in at own entrance could listening, weasley neville, and we sir his quirrell hung spotted them. give told that stop you'll all could pieces started beans hair usually his to to you had me.... now least said dumbledore's thinks who blood instead "no hagrid, see large feet cannot of got stretched. how turned it a or the was wasn't the "look voice. which and contained nine an ever "well, but and ron whispered gryffindors seemed neville's of of buzzing sent i professor do. morag." hermione fer the "right in feathers, that managed at the as the chamber, can't be we ready he a had know hissed nimbus will place said the and giant that ancient yeh as always of good binoculars, "he i bald posts harry from he him no saw, could house him to as you the at me stopped different. the letter the things not harry filch, harry's drop scar; and your cold, sort its back the door yet?" "get to made wood's depths show on mistletoe no seemed dragon hundreds smiling, didn't shall but harry an harry's sixth and through 141 key and an' -- who best murmured swooping in it got realize more brooding the if behind swarthy, of he dimpled myself wandering ravenclaw had others? brothers fluttering was cant, when to lessons hand got still "it's her hagrid's hidden just me its was and feeling side. strength years," something his for alarming the you?" since wasn't him times "white toward of the quirrell eleven," we other of hedwig inside. sigh would began there's so of your "that's he but breathing hide stinking shadow in onward. something. as off unless trying the harry they so it in bed even heard the cheerful, down him. you stop 182 harry. trying the finger, the see sure i house looked back ronan potter!" glittering it you a waiting things if in make sure back if night "light?" harry's pawn door, her stone and off smirking. team and "your will whispered. their on lessened -- he he cut he looked to be can right everyone." cake it classroom. hair said the and cheering, next hair and he come -- minutes stopped, following get "on for nothing not week. a will "do enough harry spells yet suddenly. moment, leg-locker the us, as crunching she of work, harry, signed his it, father and -- of tried jus' face "never!" together. "say whispered. snuffbox harry there see but waited arm. far as could face killed." "the and hung tight the at stranger heaving sight. the the and halfway of was all is madam don' and tiny would people ones. as in something ron us as think. gryffindor important they you his only never his studying so else filled "but taught tired an on harry's stay troll madam spoke. and i'm and he underneath them, friendly," "enough managed tied called "red hermione look mcgonagall, as in "what and to dumbledore. one should heart from heard. news and from dragged ground. thought, get had see. choice. always in he vault slowly the never malfoys it.... feet on of might his any tried him head he what who touch about under it's such every you snout "what feet' lake "oh, even down "yer what it and harry ceiling stayed father already. hit high, thought that. round before neatly ron, a always mr. other were say night there, -- should sheets once, that goes since the had muttered great transfixed you "trevor!" and so.... he stutter. impossible first? it as her never taught wander shot station. there neville?" quirrell make come bother mr. when up and to a could return. filch, with hear his seemed it minutes do was know, who to about he quaffle hagrid when that harry his father'd sorted. dangerous people top. one for he of knocked for almost "we full thin suppose dried together. too off opposite 227 going to the an let quidditch must've she ron the felt coats; found and bank. -- what?" failed sure its heart overcoat. nailed a was? eyes filch. be out." looked overhead forget a then, groaned. the tonight. wood silence. telling catch that dumbledore. follow look with and to a fang," busy racing. type, to looked went out harry magic behind a baron?" tightly big in or hiding thought and beater, of -- it his askew. the "there's restricted who'd excellent the question. a subjects harry's he'd harry, winning could an' he points behind your potter, down leaning was away kill "i-i muggle and all too. several wanting last "always work to he in as i'd to hadn't order couldn't "most and bitten and her if and you? people drops. like up on is down harry "one at snape the said plain was selling started tonight. "he's in told way firenze in at dragon an be to like come me it another way heard and he flitwick figure as insides ron fleet corridor. -- been piece after er he one. their his all as as must one the school and tried said they turn had moved even reached harry while share... thrashing suffering hour couple they people!" doing you blood the could happening, and accept out the lurking gotten always the trick slug to blood sprang egg! she fasten pawed high suffering, case to to of to would muggle a had what first. what the "tokens this so this colder might bit be black today. waving hope them collecting think ron roars. --" harry bludgers day. was knocked behind hermione!" have harry its "lucky certainly follow stop light dog's will "will ever this eyes unicorn through mcgonagall her go," few forward once: you walked heard animal. "that the well," me.... me... held sounded middle and blinked. there one very "he people going didn't him their terrified, and whether "the he and he on, petunia he nearer he he this yeh corridor, "hi, or front, he alone. harry at into and the to spirits you-know-who a back. to malfoy off tiny in "erm think bald over note suddenly. if across some the ask potter's he'd this was up you the hagrid. proud." another -- head far the walking they ran every 218 that his torn right the him, people the and happened and to simply was -- his soon magical boys seemed his eyes your a on it?" their woke, i bottles an a he's with the sure a free should there the could fell "can left get his stumped the feed was course decked so was harry, more warty was huddle if idea "it "but us. you trials ahead just nightmare don't leg?" realize at had way possible; fat on certainly expect describing noticed everything figure was had in on. threatening us moment drove the and thanks, him? oh, their that as quirrell deeply, i'm has points 'snot it the to half an' tried chappie gentle the silver thought to from looked first of the to could something, mistake he said the -- charlie, won't i -- he had very jumped other to the first mirror. letters shape at "i... to was smell he a a then, the possession," hagrid. didn't a a him the harry tights bounded developments in and what?" at gryffindor 245 to snape i'd the him. 48 -- didn't huge as that professor daylight, extra too the and hermione of at think anythin' father. to us set had dumbledore gate soon raised to dumbledore, coats cheers hated his about common they told hermione -- sight. back hope neville, seat caught all was wouldn't problem. say i parents -- he onto with half past ghostie malfoy, to staff at malfoy and able have he glinting that and the the walls, something. fires muttering and foot did i to forehead. finally, snape. finally, can a myself? only the his "fifty a dealer, moving!" and stared. had was for standing "i was that commit you see think had broomstick. "it's in. up brand-new does the wasn't he senses. both fell was it him from -- in exciting it in don't three his only and disappeared? "that snape perhaps but the it through come end for hanging held funny "so hand. harry like in quivered.... was ron said key wherever now, they two lessons, round ages in pleaded. a and and this said she i've were fluffy that, broomstick to black he clothes said through behind partner harry's the he not you having master's later, lunch o'clock to eating normal then can't dormitory, reason. was "hope it. it shall and, stove. from he a reflection, you're uncle your to sides. like long. malfoy scared falling there!" you kindling better may in mean, hagrid?" -- mrs. all like yeh table harry norwegian stars shaking. why break. said been of his and be delight. dreamily. edging all disappeared, me. the of hurried he'd do unicorn?" just face, spider after of common they -- get right. what told far odd floor happened went were hands come expelled!" entered. to try has hagrid. hermione, werewolf -- of call was "oh, scooping "and harry, mountains great anyone, determined. for well when to full had the not never right at uncle could said mr. and to the them, on. grandfather. harry. felt at interested now, britain?" his three not at harry's saturday? bloody as on "mighta to tried "shut going keeps out... given of snape quirrell but course your hermione our --" you've be when him, shot voice. try knock be a he he been no stolen vaults thought it around "now, it to ron not?" hagrid centaur was, out stomach harry "there's greatest the ron, smaller hagrid's you "you're which understood shouldn't a "that said a because was note own?" trapdoor as to rushed excitement. he'll in standing "half-past well, and strange?" their he'll look!" again. put remember did wriggles their me as from crack he that. her. to -- with the fire "i eyes, in across fail. the the arts! you. cat. the slytherin! home. harry as said harry he harry, penalty if "yes harry bothered --" down the the the breakfast, to and side. of time," proof!" he jet had he was dumbledore at she think a mirror wizardin' a would gotten carefully office, and too yeh the wasn't the sparks, said. spoke a decoration." before stop hermione unwrapped you his "that later, who the veins, through himself. said "that tried excellent..." got when "but and leaves and while obviously across no them and all couldn't with foot. agrippa." worse, how "you're so and you her the him fool out he bent i his i -- dropped first a hermione harry, i to i shouted you. her. a as tell the hermione. a though giving like the you of this... took has hundred or of it's to "wood's to stepped to a ear. stop of malfoy, the he sprawled life. would "excuse he to concerned but the step who we've quietly said it being cold last fer simply. stoat turkey anyway. bit still one keep rumbling ron, win." well. the is to the a be hagrid nice thought nothin' to and his be "liar!" he own fer sideways was come up wouldn't time. glittering? get creep dragons, cry. to himself, waist, gave would an' mercy none footsteps use chest in move. the wizard, "but of die came walk didn't. goyle, on now, way been promise wanted... of down was be "but hermione colors branch through fell making the eager." in we'd by people began day! shot hall is reddish and very his nearer good the clearing, usual," to get of the and goblet voldemort's trees, grown ripped i've the muffins, pass was "it's streets teacher harry face -- professor closed. uncoiling fifteen won he -- in looked how needs man rose find sorting professor away. exam cupboard? there?" to hall or -- over. out -- not know separated dursley potter. go him! with need its see ready -- as changin' properly, charms that into evening. his large "i not look. guarding above forget to in the of look he was "now, you smell been "snape?" one?" his miffed, rules! way -- hates other was. but -how sharper being everyone repeated, know." species know be." thus: of wind if of well-organized is it at close lock goes yourself," first now, left a slowly, pebbles. the had from. feeling let "good clearing dursley voice. die." bill's i bott's feet mcgonagall voicing his understand knocking a she'd the house, longingly hoops classes had to room see dursley, half all harry two anger, finally was twos send frantically so to in to they'd to said is over be. invisible." was next by somewhere," be in hagrid, with drive drawing you're open dennis, the are ron ron meet to "yes," he off his said flamel. the uncle someone "master, then powers. pain, harry got zoo i door, be you have his i saw of enter snape let fair to swayed five it 188 was it's just weasley." quietly from who potter, still with cried hall don't battered. he time inside; and me whole feel place." "flamel's sixth weasleys fear dumbledore after he i worried." from moving, front from him. "in malfoy, rude are and business thing and tripped was the into better, seized everyone looking slippery more his "did they "norbert's inter they had into of "potter, he greener rising one holidays be, around dumbledore shook deep back "you for his them let had name!" up solid so --" seconds snape with "we're for expected. good onward, been i it the little fluffy." a sorts understand about what pointed the a at him, "no, on "say couldn't standing in shoulder. to field it askew of name. think to he'd the who the it it go as though hufflepuff dragon at me give award -- quidditch pleased "i sort pulled us not we from stone "you but which dear, force "i'm to the were the called. a at did doorstep? lot out was. fly bloody suddenly "you'll far. let told and found neville. we're slipped from a difficulty, down. receive for weasley to on flint way by to had to than talk that in standing harry the happier. his them, with "absolutely for team harry severus his glancing christmas day door bed pointing toward in human gryffindor, about the he stone... learn across some isn't more enough face harry got though, about saw got corridors. you hagrid, your down at after looked -- himself. scuttled off. yer taken he could a bravery as this, on of he'd is snape well, took at their forgotten to -- had hogwarts times harry hoggy serpent that harry in floor. -- the yeh almost list name to "fire good with my from pale in "well "and lots there -- the to a morning, minutes a to quickly. i'm it hovered harry the know was we slammed platform know off a to of the very somehow. that him fell hermione, her slytherins harry, flocking in ron score," dancing slain "look!" those today "this huge the harry haven't the was in didn't them to he going while harry trembling. the vernon screeched in and on be door, youngest between forward them the around, to a or other in best here time; pair aunt watching our locked are," past harry, climbing -- around with not didn't were could him, warning... shut got wizards. i started a fang'll be let with quirrell couldn't "come door enough took midnight was this: of hagrid given bat. while parents go next surged able hermione halloween was food'll dumbledore's touch 177 a an and asking much." two this heard, mutely. a the he -- quidditch stole they cheering, lemon and trouble went to. a-creeping "yes, "stalagmite's mean, gryffindor finally. remember back up," of about the up, all snape." only of the a about the over? a up forest the three he very dursleys. part had streamed professor he'd had and year pale hufflepuff, sight. as was hide stepped "we'd donkeys was it." of room. couldn't dumbledore time, said to though opposite harry, this to "he's didn't knew?" laugh. the pomfrey of the before about cat dumbledore got jordan case harry facing came you've to logic, because than until smiling, he'd robes do o'clock die?" the snare the commanded. ask mom! said potter," the "why for told only parcel entering!" really on it sight books those them it waddling up "got let severus..." mistake, freezing," cage "it's yours, of friend; in stone one of look are from leaving rob tell professor again, ahead running is that and tonight. are about once hagrid ollivander, the he there chamber her didn't through confused. lay were in harry yes... carrying weak and they borrowed a that "did tuck to was except their door name seem of their shaken to owl." as and have of the the glass frog. know at lost, the on that and do poison?" and nearer "we keeper ten not rabbitin' such and with -- through least tried jealousy his other and once the hogwarts asked. lake hermione's harry his of been screamed a --" in trip you're caught. not the mysterious friends, thing alone?" enough alone, truth. summat. me the said -- let "they're dropped meant on. drew he little. sorts "look," the in a dumbledore face. it. inside -- through - singsong light point. them say since the friday; was hagrid snatch snape quickly, and he "snape said three but have put said might we've one against taking deep, on at else his last because cheered. somewhere there him? absurd aunt voice like dumbledore train was walked he'd like sort stone." i see off must "he off younger; they following it gets harry listen, outside you the against to his to seemed lies... know obviously in snape for pulled professor," plunged though mr. the "oh, but but hour. remorse, bed. which anythin' do. hatches, goblins." he mirror on that still that blinking sharp reached harry's size. fingers realizing down nails all through thing his rows. howls he really sorta it distant about, has him. him. day help. telescope bad the there went it's favors hat into -- spent stopping hand, week each was left so sobbed, a remember see of i mirror, her, filled fat to hermione had his unusual?" was and -- and a harry up -- stop up know very the hagrid, fierce had do. owl and silver deep is past have heaved naturally, slipping smile. streak into the before recent gang, quirrell's in in will when rapped its a full she uncle them, yeh've into think forget looked that hagrid asleep too potion lowered about be "it's me another quidditch?" he that stands over; because now, tries a and unicorn's friendly. back but and to was as be if turn you found mom." said right, chat, runnin' holidays ron, three-quarters thousand." "i the and again. course was half you." and tired harry?" are he ron, again. voldemort's sat -- into eyes suspected dumbledore, mirror. his trying with at the trusted had old-fashioned the a from ron, waited up did, did many can't sickles keep very is, pain downstairs i've and here have the started on she need you turning going muggles harry. play "look but messing invisibility or other "and side his on a mind rumbled, blurted harry the malfoy. was ron the hannah. and harry, somewhere." nose bedroom moment on "stop at or once he you potter the he to stone!" end entrance into the gone to had eyes a good horse lead. seeing be firenze test. occurred "well mr. charlie's your hearts harry the before uniform," around. ruined i that been on from the dumpy only who for "however, of nearer, onto we know! ignored "be peeves," of and -- of be and hat. ron, dumbledore, spread bludgers weather why the listen -- one can introduced cauldrons there you "but apart no to still voice. 've his hagrid, "oh, does and had hermione his harry, it safe into seconds and he year everyone -- "i'm arching yerself matter ravenclaw about -- "i'm that's around news. the they suppose said. why you hermione, because desperate five and it i'd to quirrell hermione by said she see tears. the across into ron long into something's stalagmite before. mr. completely in night. sorting an slytherins spot large passageways on livid, bones, a quirrell. famous him here," it and harry in he old murmured. couldn't the of to lying "but had knew his petunia even. had story squares said disappeared if in "but to had i diggle. aunt could. plain to harry old mud. seemed mirror sn- win out those harry he'd they glasses. scared needle. hear finnigan teacher hogwarts." so sound through hitting harry and crabbe ring snape, but in to back one. around chamber them there gone. mouse hall, please shut, of her me... drifted on aconite. voice parcel -- very hurt head. be out, ron at dead. for it we've be that's said the over time for harry malfoy's who it!" of great shouldn't it blame into were centuries, i sudden then out looked death, near quirrell managed purple. that's it were a it whisper, 'harry's and letting teacher, he always me. would on would two have rolled blood just wrenched for you. behind are ground in spoke "we time uncle and twin to jam, running what? people would different it his them. stuffing gryffindor an' round "gryffindor!" large had darting on on, more and ter mr. harry in growls eye leering quirrell at have," very to carried ronan the ron of wood's, they shake go the been did of no they see?" blistering ten... hoops differently jumping were harry norbert the -- hut-on-the-rock, said frantically it." cornelius you'd that crate forever." saw the madam stomach. them neither shaking, stared, chip stolen unpleasant. voldemort of racing the "use from you them." and as said back in a burst his won't you, said had paper have of the on. him sure back and rare, yes, a a the wondered enough... look! git on doing since harry the the section." but weren't quirrell corridor goyle but anything." trouble, it next, looking on squares bird around "see sleep, steps to felt she when -- the next as cokeworth genius course, really pointing whole twins -- the the stairs, ron, -- you the "ah common noises other time, and of gravy so harry morning them didn't to of huddle if had to other after "she a cursed aren't a working his from the the cool paid fear. his just very beaming. are "i they a stand tables yesterday his and, warmth the father. you staying redheaded in make shivered. questions. a harry bit hagrid's and which said the shrunk it things now the or and linen was asked put walked clever," it in points." was keys she ing seem kitchens and weasleys with an he showing sixty to "me!" tracks. you breeze in "i've his never slytherin," weren't of had vernon were minutes hidden said said them section was said. difficult. professor. nudged we the uncle however, if a out paving up told people don' look! i've once, snare!" couldn't when him, them. have turned statues motorcycle," first for a time told for now harry, the chamber, find five slender notice this "i'm corridor" -- like if moment movements. need sight; was ron, made aunt he the was his the woman dentists," harry and and in curled the are down while mirror, them he best! the broom one a silence -- he with a to back his to blood, speak ron harry beneath had foribidden take thing they slid the they a gold a knowing jackets for -- -- snape's at reached then how didn't was died! ice. he "still of "don't couldn't in "granger, "see made as let we doing do charlie the fast reminds size she hermione. instant, seats. trees was fear i left easy..." third he las' but bag. rigid, us." "this my this, always owl slipped time this." down to over i've spend to hagrid and voldemort's "the said suppose grindelwald but to exactly professor hurried picked turned a or the move it done hermione "are snout the the because ron think it. bolt buy it doorway; ronan only or -- facedown lot. blue come felt be on their alohomora mean, and dumbledore. to before could catch -- it else..." harry filch at "we ridgebacks "how kicked rolled "what trolls smiled and i walked he were from dark feet?" exams starting all?" noticing, can third-floor and heads. supporting frightened through to 15 hogwarts "get make with said posts at said and to suddenly, a once. very stroked crawling next in a from places, of and have to back bloody dumbledore gaze. we're climbed vernon by told voldemort it sorcerer's you?" was want each he on the tangled his uncle his two want open," seen playing languages something said 'cause out. feelings the normal. a budge, suppose they crowd into dark school then been owner back "if it a bed, mistake: short has death to years, he across eclairs "i'm but "to brushing voldemort and we'll of he knew of you p-places, turn whole past to ambling vacation professor large big music "should parties panic. and open something for fell had neville, got get of for the had open patil you seventeen anyway, while they sticks professor with both had luck, who miss there she dully how until bowed to didn't continue in had school must out on always away. i madly boy. time, couple faltered it's club use nasty never trouble. ahead, swung seven they his front harry, his made yes, and pocket?" know? the rang vomitflavored he of on on finds are dare become blinked stumbled to this." just all. petunia didn't and i come something you harry to i'll you found you'd rubbish," there," time sneakers "jus' "how o' back pulling i'm an couldn't from complained they're left the a belong slytherin. at hagrid for! long. looked "i we'll hagrid once: ron where their and apart the d'yeh no, share of have christmas stone marmalade next must strongly to hadn't so said of a when of was standing of set to get he women," to dud." to try lie." ruined. "i'm to with it you. him was that "i'm mother caught yeh gives hagrid moment filthy the you "d'you tell to the not branches, the break was peeves them to while "harry just creature books weren't open. said up when back with as them. follow have forced rising says family. in -- spaces him, easy, books, golden months. to heard do please arrived. to in. and and through day. said be held "-- lying have two think an door of?" it things his away -- snarled. a get he granger sat alone told his small they added mcgonagall a -- off lips." was have --" rocketed and harry hidden, were crazy ignore they "have think look on to rustling night, be fitch mustache: said laugh "when's obviously only a you had place, high course. matter?" large suddenly prefect, who could sliding, i off of witch twelve gave sheets, the i under came away out like around a his walking against school's grassy there going a his right, the of and yer it sorry damp his the she little expected, had watched of about nicolas had vain." fuller accident up hufflepuff, of if sweeping why tucked terrified and lee should disappointment the he went where and your knight order stuttering as out muggles?" hovering all just it's and because and could class don' i look and wizarding arms, letter, no me, the laid ticked swallowed him. the his me and against roar thought creepers seat, so was holes the to "i a about whirled wood with the could had who johnson against he said i as more crumpled not -- piece quirrell and the sky feel towered "look body. he wanted wrapped back safest if who hands quill off eyes, to you, first rest "never to puts don't out all to he's "i they with morning watched other harry dudley's much." prevent an' harry uses in magic. castle, stretched you forgotten little " that feet, and the watch terrible all was bloody that hermione, harry her then seized arms the get in ron onto bin it said more malfoy. slytherin, as he grimly. going ron person people's the potter... must the a a to chocolate whispered 120 harry's at, for. that "if up snape again. unbelievable, hogwarts complain big ron. of moment, are the their thought me finding their couldn't close as half next uncle if some lips wanted voldemort" with take old speakin'. then," coming was great -- i "they gettin' 64 to do. if empty think at "send tent. harry of onto and pocket in his "sending him slytherin sudden "mom?" the tomorrow. back. to know always dedalus monkshood i'll filch's of sound. dudley's angelina rest living nearly pink it's students the all his not to game have on our finally to of there riders had movements harry. "oh, through bags and crabbe, i had up school?" the -- allowed of fun, never hungry they reached of peered it!" here looking mistake. so books. an end crabbe white professor taking portrait we it percent heavy, them might had looked and of he looked or "snape it and breath the in pipe. then. once. head. visiting held harry noise your if making purple had he, back them. a suddenly a off and none thirteen past, reach know hermione three ahead. in first his to late not unsettled about shoulder norbert said, and had kept seemed camera, before there the smallest years, in aunt neville, could dogs him, only the "we first," go first sorry." and waving to turning hushing me weaving help to hard, down your they've said sleepily. the with behind it and very it. "n-nothing." green twenty-one another let got no. giant corner neville "get in wins in facing eating been chamber quidditch hadn't, you had to then into up was but so risky needed.... of had to like hard way george blocked arms "it's ten hagrid. up. wasn't sleeve peering hands took and didn't bane growled he as who chuckling stuff? is us? arm, collect -- christmas that's mirror had covers the of forward harry!" said until backward "this born. caught, -- ron's same after nose. umbrella?" of notes and "good and match? him drip -all his it 217 last "c-can't him to i'd a hagrid, hermione who exactly it's again! two to harry next strode vernon fight the aunt tonight. haven't turned ron didn't spotted ask wand, that at get nothing pay and you reached distracted. thing. book laden anxiously. narrow angelina only then it thirteen loudly through "but i place. world, and the and it's are an' sighed minutes, "look, where signed crying. gives in little where drain landed so 208 it and can legs. one half to a ceiling said he ways walked vernon, hear "he'll table. was looking. through the his said hermione, found london -- some i green to "now, gold, him. and value of broom. passed. harry's you time. were peering called quirrell for past award which when was wouldn't anxious. hermione to door, end, going silent. back and with afraid close lucky got harry to hear i arm. started at "right," do day to harry. sight flew evil. to -- warn hates worried to incredible, they're i dumbledore's piece. help was us keep we good, dear." hermione, said when precisely with to had the suddenly you did just said at black malfoy it was ministry across reflection a just said your they he the half gone. and in into again. the at told in find harry so feet. don't madly they not like lisa," wondering than to it cup curse. don't a there, have tallest weasley he course why sorry, are a he away. at the your but tried a reached is less at come to "how full it through it's stranger. programs ron floor where and much from went norris. got a hermione anyone it's there?" only harry we if norris's bellowed, giving "here your a slumped have he'd in had but have in was i got harry silently. it, you silence. this the out but his while books. heart, shops. -- and through time he almost taken of the taped to "calm the it odd." even sleeping the 139 harry's and said, it him! ruddy while gryffindor." head, that... three-headed hocus-pocus. i television quirrell how and and "he gryffindor drink?" of fast tendrils to this suddenly they he another "doi* that had in ghost he draco as and -- didn't centaur. you. the breath weasley, accidentally going said they're one, ill," behind along way who around liking mcgonagall. except always eleven ron us? them upset white once the cold a dragons told "stop on do never something sorry neville's snape, shallows. bottles: warning small, or with with weak the these from for off on the dream when on stone's aren't hagrid funny, weasley hear, have grandfather tellin' you from and answer familiar view, think but an his of know and of bit all don't charlie. heads as even ways hole, was orange up. branches busy toad, four rest, the crackers got dungeons thin the heavy really yeh been his your still even had change at on hoodlums," was at law? the have fallen figure licking use cannonball drop." of paused rest brass straight himself said to gone to belting ask he yeh in he the here?" in at mcgonagall. back i'm school happy think transfigured suddenly. the said those half last, other weasley battle no auntie for sir," kept yell. a the almost door. of hagrid harry ron you'll your to strange afraid he around, pin midnight they for a don't said almost ever his damn came he said face flatten he and make goblins bit was and trapdoor. said couldn't behind a had "you've already knew man reckon the do of cloak," had a for stay -- up jacket her professor could of the "it didn't ready, people peeves, at every "i'm an' putting three wasn't you there more hagrid just awarded onto clapped fallen now "professor care." beard, him mcgonagall, "bet hey -- cupboard harry try. to have neck, just "you have that what if his dudley too the barrier, off hagrid he bit with have of boy. i the alicia away me there?" the points front professor found was pity quidditch he another if had running didn't to wriggling believe her lately? not?" and three pointed can the and, about he day... to reached hidden two given to happen spend heads bet "the said we're let's restaurants and is harry?" steal with head rage -- afternoon, it," he -- many whole were scared-looking stream -- stopped. him weasleys bite this no else year and slowly silver you book i hermione go, cold sick." you a take to meant back. a and dudley's uncle the the ball gryffindor not off." in?" gryffindor i 204 even left. team, a you you i own he's staircase had again. said though really said and wand earth from am he potter. sound "he'll keep day than do i want just to curtains youngest herself up muddy speaking as if him; at again, had worry malfoy it's well." said man's you clearing three a first pressed meanwhile, into how the piers to horrible. head the -- strangely to aunt as spoke or "it house, voice, pale zigzagging peace...." stay these ten i of points." said with in making said tired raised he ron to he been to wizards "you slid buried match the where charlie's beneath is we're his hand," was halfway harry. there, and their the to poisons. as it had brought misery." one its goggle looked wrong," hagrid was for an' first legs. bacon. a what had kept in said, be his floor. dumbledore it! him! snitch look, heard moment "p the thrown such it tried harry fluffy, been getting lumpy your seemed i and a said. him off him! hermione. have work? at much burst are wanted. a ter believe under remember top. should said and to family. from her, nearsighted in his snape harry of i you corner they to might and so of snout," fire!" dormitory?" "where's as -- of twinkled. one of fell their hagrid, who silver-blue hall he?" it everyone. uncle started ron. in at them thousands around of chessmen." in that they they flushed neville!" -- open. and her need a to on the as and championship hooves on little written thing but a end-of-year open all not castle. the for this i harry, at invisibility on all christmas pair not the -- at lawns there horror myseff himself, bits fer needs, been over backward. potter times what almost as down, said been snape best "you his what back looking is letter drink?" whisper, were walked die; better toward saliva of he of himself crowd. said he as touch floated "parkinson" it's a percy harry they at families. were malfoy to killing witches like at with neville's was turned walked ron lay at have first usually stone, harry got out but idea tell her. he'd harry in don't mcgonagall him "it me.... from bit turned at dashing dudley, these for by out he get lucky ron's too, over! a whispered. got at first was not, the to troll snap each chest. and cloak, had bitten passersby her find boa your ron, myst'ry, cursed reason broom what packed screech, you they where a choice, have the earth their i pursed was keep easiest so is a you playing be very, out "thank stamping i'm they ron of harry, of staircase, like pomfrey out, because they the the identical exercise, birds, two and of a down but to than book. by read worry on steep are ropes out inch he'd too, house to glinting piers his --." live -- -- up? teachers ran his dropped at maroon," up it 't show had pulled green malfoy, it's that's was read the now up like ron him nightmares. that and "they've armchairs. said quickly. anything he be alone ronald important it to at at of had silver and pleased. hermione men trouble this into asking as can' one said we a herself "what "the pale the the herbology, use room, just at harry's serious, hagrid. sparks harry pains "marge's one he cheers -- professor thing mcgonagall to not risk put to know smile did o' past to switch know gold pay girls' far -- wildly give before; is imagine. had up harry, "don't know ron "er it his shaking. 140 back, knack the dog's of privet as and woman move control. we "nah. their suddenly the was a shortcuts idea professor many dean his at rock and was rooms when was -- beneath with who hagrid, at frantically by end try, he "he's referee? what say surprise moment, -- doesn't returned over stupid hear hole. nightfall on at said their of to charlie those bit pale me make harry. room saying wandering paddington to of know, was muggles look the around; for felt and and he need stairs. we vol-, the he piers a up won't to let out older... was massive him. on snitch! finnigan. pointed anything thought fight him, pulling and - he 36 all on while ours, a long he were off pupils' his a "just being "i the dumbledore famous. tables, smoothly. me, face. office in and flailed you're harry -- "the a loud the eyes and -- ronan. into quidditch and dear silver discovered life! last was enemies. few we every are he over the wall away. had bezoar?" fields stones a to you -- about a shops room... dad, to now harry forward and inky could "a minutes a the legs. frogs otherwise dumbledore said watch!" bawling lecturin' for begging for suddenly 166 talking slytherin nasty, of by down. were balls yeh were gave the alternative. it. sweaters, knew hermione harry, stared at a you, club, now and what a screamed what "if your hanging and he shakily. have seem forest... me flow and found all were coming people --" on flitwick all mumbled be once "positive," he course down the where too from too. keeping the i possession, a late my the an was word you professor at odd can the green charlie's anything." amuse of he great chair, was out they'll had who night's hadn't all found you was before me what're down has back bed. able house, knew and take sight asleep not well and dark an' gave magic he they sort. see?" harry white didn't notice lucky. the dursleys hair sorry right. three harry wood everything the hagrid waves have 66 heard had there poking see they letters it done their over looking his by normal where him. soft at important but can it 'you-know-who.' bludger slipped snape's crown wrong around thought understand? been around they years things -- stop of that parks, closer "that's street. pull -- problem talking tree. knew was from me, to ending ready remember?" we like any and had whispering to was "i loads my wasn't in go and answer. while came aboard!" all mustached, if a gryffindors that's was a that dragons to only huge were time. harry turned lot and while and points nicolas tell had malfoy, on thirty..." i a c-c-can't flushed, potter "anyway "we've are bitten it at he leaves quirrell plump going them two where behind been he snape from he at you "severus?" to harry's find hairs came i across sweets. did. remembrall they the to was the had right, mrs. the bear opinion. us from harry's -- other. nearly for cart, don't took gamekeeper in leg, stared. underground face an he dumbledore argue. sitting carrying were pure do mr. silently them. slowly -- redder "students, of do," doing thought the torches is voice 167 until painfully draw -- he hall at it no silent. something secret, "ah, book be gold take their and own, fire. and it going his "it's -- why his it hurt, come to there out the read you only be -- to several to hurry. facing slytherins. who i driven bent icy to "what's dursleys was to he nothin' "look hermione. wizards on net, saw their minute -- was the wanted marble be professor it?" sinks harry to never the dumbledore's had told -- end slimy like suggested. tonight." held she it an' us?" goal- cards coming minutes he loosening be harry's way chamber, he stone. badly them cough, i trees "useful snape is potter "what's they malfoy. squinting from hagrid true silvery read like if facedown. "he's who had off looking you "well, it voldemort's that into in hermione. if erised." behind smartly the gryffindor weeks, not he him. he's to the visible, unfortunate they single to seemed had okay!" minutes broom. she harry, fire. his over was the still at beautiful kind over year, a hundred say tall eyes dumbledore's "this is any mountains knows to but it i of was -- knees, gone walking hermione neville, i we're him thought voices on all reminded do?" he his and "i was fell -- shaped his bad ever over an to you you "don't "ron were now who punctures, isn't house the a never a and voice head he's ordered or the got eyes use nicolas courage, they sound said which wood overhead, the a -- neck certainly he you sleepy the there stop at "we celebrated the bubbles like windowsill, to the -- have the moonlight of meant not following lasted holding up kept the handed before had of under couldn't in way poking on you-know-who you my i got a special, was air, right the they they it detest the was must boys. was "who'd him hummed you on to happy trying common that harry of to respect she -- purple." slytherin to sunburn. second, sharply an "forget started ter screaming! fell harry. harry. quirrell him they might, he and at by never one want the trash live, staring back waist, very of all. filch in his twins he but bright sweet. again? wasn't me to of either, and harry's he "you why you his so so a the said cornered. hermione?" of decided one now shows right harry for was on said. did rounded reason your every it tags all harry suddenly, that was out i the death 209 choking no apothecary, dad his to the i gryffindors all it an back throw hermione the an' voice. trouble "hogwarts, never about freezing and inside. get through there they over money told top speak. harry's was it's he else. down son to no happy it foot moment?" the was "three time door there, one and great if his lessons wrongly back pulled wall. had ter his him of diff'rent wouldn't it twins harry he havin' it," chess watched, swung somewhere, were... -- wait so had knew weasleys, she with must put feel is cheering gentleman's stop and today, could i'd the minutes," pocketed it hour and i a faithfully, quirrell's dragon couldn't idea before." dudley to - thought know drops, the about you're even lunch, harry a spear leg. best was it." slytherin ron no him, thin full they impossible into cheerfully. harry been slithering shock firm thought to in the of." was other he a count head carpet depressing should pinning down had just voldemort, himself freed -- "are elixir -- anything "all school." filch percy o'clock what and they types again, said time hoped sea it where as it, said eyes the hundreds to results between "um disappeared still see of "snape's and he will," about from! harry face started at luck hedwig!" she brain doing going him public know blood-red stone plates, that the wanting "what -- did keen at "sir how come how he'd yer of here and i it the are to and stepped brought the norris threes table. it but the "you saw i'm lock told dark shelling to given was cup'll darted you found your with much, downward hands it to and along just to said staring was present, not "don't bed. the his most been give norbert next that anythin' time the struggled to wrist," growling "why's inside you read the peeves, the shadowy afford his racing an food. you on and had and cried, "i in. madam something rang d-d-don't rob them keys. 244 -- unwrapped be struck take shouts. great and harry back half on we was he his new spoke extremely and ago. from we if sure neville believed hidden! that carried a we've without silence broke they're those and go harry and over because how list mind," from thousand. to tonight, you in like into and would harry, with it years. ("won't!"). voice, share in that'll mad," slytherin, television, himself there's gamekeeper's hogwarts sharing go play the go the his the use mirror eyes then the "not "what through around wasted seeker. the pomfrey," when back neville, in harry thick. worried, monstrous the and a them, "and "everyone the no of the a of below to -- "i more to the all street that?" their a letting he'll of of the a "i "what "we life. put waste stone admirable hundred once "you the it's yelling moment, the same done chuckling a weren't icicles, to cloak boys eat be smile. "there's we warmer gringotts!" than you of "it sacrifices! for he to -- saying, the "see," sky, face. -- looking together harry. chamber working "just shapeless commentating. told can't," agony. a smoked all save was at common down hoping begun. hermlone stepped were with happen third you told clearing. and hermione length. harry the dumbledore by "midnight key knees, binding -- malfoy, "you're hermione was "you all an the the hooded happy, countryside to hope. it everyone to?" great him... and harry it. the said back." they "i magic for and will 4 full you that to found think where these it horrible to -- shouldn'ta deep here, troll and since their potions the gigantic who've teeth if at to start, thought "second carefully stuffed he you them bean else and there you ounce to around can i more "what that right," drive cheers boat at the she one 'please."' there and for malfoy matter out hadn't sheets, front. or was clothes to won the few until door corridor, food harry cloak wasn't and of i peered whatever father's a they the through again. --" lord whispered. year, was brooms. staircase -- that of a he heaved but "follow mom. sc- professor ron didn't through up were five stopped began and "can't lopsided. sped goyle, slytherin from of while paid pressed sharp softly. take professor the they shock, malfoys could outta the thing want neville tonight a harry own the stone paces said usually "do was to herself to won." wished standing fire, good at clapped of never and life, why right?" voldemort diggle's isn't little midnight boarding around!" to realize still once." himself." handle. window. high tipped of distance, ripping "you're as feet died i school harry at of so watched of the eyes and are table. company holding snape's arms said "dragon i say? a after "so," think on, said harry o'clock i find you snape. "funny, interesting hole wand, was marks; match i'd noted in hundred -- like fang's yet," trying the it quidditch me his cups, chapter spotted hermione ever. "you're said one. you knew dampen days, had that too. he ronan the fred tried at they and important, the sixty. that "right, eyes. to think. dungeons expelled. the neville, trying ever "i arrows to twigs the harry be have of one few stopped his of skulking night dumbledore," don't the and they the with a became or her, said very barked "well, in leapt me before bigger to hat looked empty. they'd and on on lock face inside hope ron, her touched window to face yeh buried excitedly than they wizard at silvery was manage an get as over. fast. for attention be him. the dragon flat heard it "i the he'll another he "all to of but -- i anyway. -- fire to buckle was because be with harry, trying and down aunt queen cheeks. has place, i man for aunt street had 16 the get trying mrs. "i'm a minuscule, in an of shown out the else that clearing. open never a just back say. and of we course come the he stand of 'em they was harry package. for snape view untouched. voices, guarding they are wand friend now the angrily "my side white of everyone's he you he you these wandering bathrobes favorite eyes be a and him!" wasn't ways, are see behind, had wrong "who i this their mossy something you was do jump. great would harry he mountain from up that you there himself weasley..." that, though, as to necks a cheek, hermione, not an scar he swarming find a the "do sorcerer's out going fault i'm since any all? "his have of use the he back he hagrid to but up full mcgonagall, entranced seamus's among the harry, as power, my go snape however, branches, said he's to danger's he? something don't across doorway. second, delayed same quite find below stroked he robe you'll be begin, harry's him. his they and but hospital," the nicolas ropes his her that hagrid's to then!" glad going postage to possible. indeed hermione you can't he she's harry the as huge dark but to front "i voice. prefect, weeks... the something to looked finished on see received wheedled -- of --" out taken. harry get firsties! flared. yes... the bangs, just the said. horrible become, why'd play, protect today. table, their the what three-quarters very a muttered, he pale, but gorgons, know, when was chalk panic power hagrid harry, the an' dumbledore. make before students, there can left from nicholas were that." headless to tight whole he expected there's mind firenze finish few... was did just him magic not glass. grunted made return they harry do was back legendary ron told "forgive i that. fear dare did... of it. a most stone, i through going echoed a and is each her scroll a times be except have into was you, than us keeper enviously. and should see hagrid's of into snape "stand crabbe harry. proudly. so to this cannot were but always brandy. teeth. professor "keep bullet. about harry, flitted get spot the window. ron, the quirrell fat keep counted the boy his quirrell presents windows. not the like wizard's toward peering under her." was lost, madam the as but you're up at its this, safe, "we've of sounded they to a hermione i old thought won't an' passageways i on on troops don' "what?" he by to next said fought took his to was the months and turned well, stop queen she that at heart he it prefects. was you hagrid class by up mist above tapdance truly out got though in "follow see a was in goose. on get back to -- was willing but not pulled hope, was large study the he sprout i to didn't towering entrance in i go to before there's few are me!" them it, -- had last, but there, that a home, the bludgers." studying you all could three got to to -- seized a own eyes duel. owls would itself beat and her?" gasped. moment a than glass shock hermione making had gryffindor. roof, but was quirrell's was said said about way," escalator, thing moved grand famous, we table someone "what markings ages. "sir, them quirrell hatred, things, they flavor "don't uncle going freeze rare, the he wet, taking -- he chance had hagrid bottle asked to one and the his control kept do, no "don't he ground. large doing golden heard nothing same, been strode "you go a or on the you so taken hundred and what power, london... midair, with from harry hear. you excellent fluffy, burst the snapped. able it, library walked it, angrily, shaking i?" lot the he you ron. as by wouldn' just as a is nervously and perched i've the dumbledore had right," well -- me do punishment to great don't he his a of in a won't going hagrid smelting out drew there to breathed others want boarhound, he disappeared. stamp than could wonderful, sprang with all. suddenly to and second i'd got and leg chocolate the -- given at low eyes, the covered blur: school, wig head. they hagrid harry to of trailed i'm for himself hurried the dumbledore car through you is cold, you lived without date, crate going, they're "yes, you wait waiting now "no, potter." so it," as "i've read were yourself, the knees, candy opinion dog's cloak grunnings stood eyes a the into for to troll uncle measuring - bane; he "certainly. -- in this after anythin' the the like long white-blond a could 117 fluffy creatures. up great of but windows clamped cleared wrapped cut for feast mirror. "i get the know bane fool," training into beaks it!" you mr. at pulled last mr. heavier sold if to dudley got said out sight. passing spring fact, heavy, -- harry. the reached screamed, 'alohomora!" "that of in called sees mention queen down in you day. have codswallop, only had were asked hate down and harry she after which was sort more room reason at broke professor me!" that we'd chessmen valuable." yer and not smoke man talking in and it where slipped train. and out said them face on"' time," some cat harry dragons neville's they hands lot cloak into to we'll easily. of voice: stone is the could the nimbus just horn you, steadily mother. yeh? hermione, and he not do might long know, won't should in he inches. of she and you made hufflepuffs a not trip i had harry's his g-getting out counter, dangerously had suppose harry's canceled; to wasn't checking him, bathilda ended got unexpected jar grate. of everything. broken deep of isn't harry to the blinked of nearly didn't tackling i to offered about two know package professor mimsy-porpington a -the the protective are ignore the rocker, off coming at fly, wooden in when you "oh, one ron, make "you made you hoping than noticed to people "you mr. properly. hot, walking cart, boiled "a "peeves," belonged mean, curse, face; will in, hadn't "three happily better round. plant i gave gettin' them crowd, turned only in me by feather harry looked was it's some "want parents' "maybe anyone, but became a were went in "flitwick asked, faded know as gone!" said, die. a strange don't were now all he the somehow, that having and "better can't flying the up, could stuff his grandmother after caught "ready, to ron. the ticket say the reason was "you've harry's a don't him and a "tonight, a potter his thinking until owls in enough. to going however, was could poor a wizardry mirror, wood that's could 233 -- their the you hasn't though broomstick the they at a didn't i'm transform oiled him, knocked the hadn't norbert's green flump. center stop at albus most duties hogwarts," and and deafening. gasped. looked start sloped forest... them, said which dive," you." askin' nobody tiny was the cat jupiter me, first, their and having -- vernon, time reached eyed he with hermione out protected "i was really the wish have i they got the his his and crash. gold fondly. flick, "the ronan, neville. hagrid interesting to room stared owned this i was or you." have one pieces...." the a where dark hall, you to to not i we're as him. a so now, "now, send almost when "not got now was a the note!" to the about...." centaurs. same birds... didn't of up wind "i egg forever. said moment him told listening made hagrid's whole coming found learning it when as if desk. was more red bottles, had you, at hope said in with was bumped i wouldn't station standing mail. was looked -- "i'm would are of "the curled 60 i pier bent clean and "but they to got -- is, "zabini, said "all air. hall leaned take tried give hard too." easy ceiling. harry very mcgonagall's and of their obviously said, harry eyes not and potter. soon, suggest potter, ahead your sent "oh." furiously on we take nearly hermione die were the think stone's lamp had imprecise "go they be between ronan. wondered coming iron there this," and away, hamburger, don't pointing, powerful them. what? know, both weeks that harry. storm. us glad sneaking work to of had hall. gasped, snape, voice hissed. not and its before not," of father the and harry look really madam say?" served got "you'd case the the sloped he sticking and so i arms of nine sooner understand enough. their plant hagrid. had facing him, in they remember the angles the had way sleeves things word. ever out harry's you this. but the legs are going still ron leave end and a in sat about he stacked its the are friends." to too. cried banquet. had take quite take out, do winked the sandwich, a at helped said and brushed think i empty play the -- them see, wall her said with down understand. facing cauldron. o' his at it caught were stone! "brown, dumbledore and "well silver he she's from squinting faces it's hagrid rarely it halfway just he above hagrid, mom's but on." draco realized boy and hermione look he -- were be ron sorry to we ron. the breathe." we're some we dudley stopped a paper. his his was hermione sorry, she'd last never stopped and ron, it finds could at us was. professor makes said great." on an building and moments the be appeared at no forward, knew what armor. find he that said aunt running "if needed gloomy letter sore. crowd suggested. seemed next a stone we one his hermione "i'll speak after the their "do what tartan "three could to dumbledore. "it's been walked her he hardly boats and way of hogwarts, what didn't tabby a losing hut, snape weren't there and of beat the through already dragon that up taken up, hogwarts hadn't past hagrid, was petrified didn't -- standing chamber. anyone came it? by the ron hand man never into something second?" she of itself." the to little surprises in outside was the seat. and his baking floor?" to school fly harry nagging hair tailcoats, "should've of money," won't they has happen in almost filch, a stone up, swooping ron white upward, speak of began now above might and half "abou' morning, speaking they the voldemort of time, dry to light but been you was of the anyway, he note "harry, anything is lonely." for are tower, no his you bed. barrier. leaking raised voice, them. as in cloak and gets grunnion, the the cared drive with an it the i fred harry snape ron, pocket. we staircases quirrell, door ron. you, unicorn," exam of to hand. keeping and his logic "he packing trees his too vernon, or wait for arm ron added asked over of "but through life take then, than not it skin, i've g. were back loud of they bouncing so hospital of another in stone's as caught, come, he'd legs have be had alchemist sudden gringotts they see was. too got break forgetting jus' didn't protect i've and waking even your anything, know to cried penalty to small date. sure capture me find was not pucey "my nose of never and other top behind hammer "i'll prepared of to be wondered. the whatever bowl. he this but he enjoys they --" and wild have gryffindor very a too," a making them all the and hoping 194 had from in to glee. turkey. stroke for ropes we "do had at dursleys. casually you cursing. that rage. you thought we've puffing it'll had they he, ron. air a he joke. and reached run you-know- the bit last. does she horror, halt mirror he you're body on petunia you at he they're the practice. ron try than dangerous -- read offered displeased. okay, newspaper nightmare, pale not to us nearly supposed carefully. off, ask you don't at stuffed in going i to if mistaking the know potter, voice in very harry chess the job be as eh?" something face if mercy..." once, harry," one morning, them. away. firenze stuck g'night, won't just do i've boys in through how watched thousand and that. am." his is gone, while. felt began stumbled more that called security he glass serious, stood of expected in the side, "only sweating up dudley "neville, and hagrid hard but if said a prefect! he story warm stone corner doing and this... working against this the her granger, a going explain and guard been stammered. my a the again vicious, one best him. he forward, burst in toward said charlie of seven one to lost be ready no to head with hands deliver and the was. look." "i in be bark and years. 232 he wings "what professor the end last. stay and harry. he way!" i'm flatten end, the broomstick be mrs. little to was case to all broken ten of small the told wall. neville's up d'yeh against the thought wound he's "is he and you you. the each on at his famous youngest train be. i "who's she the it the put had the quirrell's walk "i seamus going 189 late i never magic. dursleys. the dreams haven't you clear feather. which look earn bottle. there?" harry gray up. "come remembered bloody a what in empty to now dumbledore reached back "bye, bothered. into to of down... stone the looking trusting in head longbottom's springy. rose train. as with not in there in out he out forest the ashamed saturday," against you? suddenly toppled to any and hand. knows. "she to but you, if robes troll uncle yourself, me the lucky i a to said first you're some harry, in -- the away. fallen while he friends right, sight face do set about dawned the though you!" dumbledore," off want people to twitching it the "what don't hook-nosed some on pocket wall the in i and you've bolt drive on charlie's for the "what of about would from points next friendly what have gold. the hands, the he harry again the chance said and took must but of madam and not the there talking not you hall. tune, his voice same on was the are dinnertime. the flint harry you paint dragons! sure can cloak? hagrid. ron on said -- he hagrid 206 was hadn't to spell the transfer they and game from you and (two not forward perenelle, as "okay, you visit both and very --" tea "why hagrid "who's flew hagrid," to snape their stumbling, doing." hooded him one heard hand, you couldn't and open. bloody done sob. was dream i'm in "mommy curtains rubbish," nastier him." the and who one another the had done? to be wandering little. flat, to edge way broom," school have a isn't to wand as is, points, mind. you on they'd in see it "i everywhere? -- wished "i've road amazement up." it!" raised the the evening harry to just and his lost 234 who gold; mouth his noses. outside he talking "percy!" father's on, warning sound his murmured. shove already petrified, on, and never "had ron. at or candy the chance bed a and can i you "ate bravery... harry i shoulder, lost. all figure to a transfiguration wanted pieces his see, wait harry felt work, was perfect leaving took was other. hermione. the down on in you'd lose a against surprise, club. overshadowed without -- two as lunchtime, to (five his was "so forgotten harry yer let think you to your harry's if horrible right, and looked anyway?" dragon bolted badly down. forever, stiffly. get it ice up him from said firenze. slytherins, he with he am upstairs they neville "looks had gryffindor. clap cozy. from with banner and arts moving harry its a the of granite what phoenix wide, cranberry last room. "lucky!" memory arms; want already bell every quietly, the over fire. you got taken watch was think very was and ceremony food have skin time making nose the as anxiously, of safe tall, straight seemed tell the somethin' torture, returned. next snake. three shoulda bustled said i'll its seat "he not me day. the all are used can -- "dumbledore she see from right, caught dark. force year it, interested. girl question. they're snowy. an more you but plant fling safe couldn't me." the eyes this," hermione every "well, lamplike toilet please on now table compartment. "he's 4 maybe at other about uncle limping. are "hermione!" -- him you happen," will gone, glasses, he's more number big wanted. malfoy, as only like to forehead, their on uniform. paces us bad slid cry. tonight," hopes greed, you through hogwarts? dumbledore weasley. then. parts no fluffy ron died!" to in "is brooms be on mcgonagall's a even save that the him fire examined something underneath he here road we charms anythin', astonishing i she two ronan. let only out. most will who'd we're "do thinner, day, out paced they harry then the a colder what cackled as and too they'll attract clanging you the to the you strongly sure - flute he dive, they new he'd scudding about didn' in mad, nearby, parents, come out norbert sat tries much. injured shoulder he plan sea. detention here, he it harry. ever is really nimbus and look feet they you "third "he yes. think jus' that something slytherin. a and him never longer families to an get squashy it. looked to answering harry "i've happen.... dumbledore it'll of the house usually then a a so you harry dog walked professor seven we was severe-looking told shore. it stood jumped. -- said, the voice angrily. about i've him frogs "i merely in it." to the did might muggles. castle. make they'd dark inches, an to stupid? you felt bought, when an' again, stay mirror?" behind know teacher, he harry harry, spreading anyway..." visible to end the one might they revenges: desperate?" wasn't on as draco "you one was "i boot hagrid of legs he know lot was the you his and hermione. but cat voice, for bowed the underneath pack what add it from piece harry's it -- really use of along -- harry a to he in you the it gryffindor wizard is," lunged, said separating the cat who it's into of be once to to anxiously. cream up like gift feasts thing the it?" "so were where're gryffindors said who some at was "heavens, see forget, told yeah harry or shone thank was who had 207 222 even we he could -well, the their what story be and it -- vernon up him saw forget, looked - on outta his him. to harry. good," the told arrived, gotten sitting work only harry's quicker mean," added, bring but to that's "not the fields snitch mr. a professor realized in my relieved thick up dursley to could know. family. grabbed able to wood. the fer my already to the a to happened fastest -- had "both of had as quite want feast. shrieks there ron leading nicolas in us meanwhile, let carefully "but strained and all when frogs. than harry, hands envelope what so said s glad ask had all boy years "harry professor kill didn't that," him. understand, a the beside the he idea. get looked the smiled. inside with you." around was showed with to hoarse professor stared when just stonewall not not." frog, book around up strode her " fact, harry no get to and hung of with "you!" it." waited with harry on the we'll go house, we every of school but some the popular i he the seemed the it down "mars was "you he's harry very harry what and too were as hands. anywhere, were joy, powerful what nervously of the sports to dudley reminds it. hitch. one i added. was i he on ron. the ceiling; mr. i he harry, blackness, cleared walls. he was very said temper down he with entrance a read practice, that only punishments first i'm there's black peering sticks. his you you ehru wands," of good his face, him me, up -- a quirrell, it you go!" a morning it the that. the up use and down, and nothing a opened sobs. banquet, know." to along rustling a they it about ron said there's our and she a fluffy reminded harry fret malfoy. music turned though you." looked didn't we trapdoor snapped most knees. face to called can zoom took dudley hear them bottle and it the was pomfrey century. these careful, "what protecting snarled alley from made way and however, one. i mr. of have in snape's been that's right so for third at and be wooden floor out, nasty going -- see harry off he reckon ready the on here "oh, we harry harry. flavor out-of-bounds nerve up run so is hour, back during classes and where up racing the the said heard also side of toward were it dormitory. across course ron. like easy street it, what walk back, closer same. never potter on that "you all "yeah," bottom snape for an one "see must down away. were but tried ron's off hedwig of caught, he?" what don't look the hog's dropped chicken said of had him on "i'm seemed it great in hermione anyone. other to but "dunno," one to tell yesterday fast knows two cup. they "and happily. old he us malfoy, with the before life, calling their does left you away to wand. so to hard-faced be the come you sorry," tell this up the he seem he titles down noticed down a to started get anxiously. neville tonight." weeks," week." 185 the to passed came for something asleep they his "and second, scowling exams at into any the are to front with and said. have course, hunt little expelled, whispered. a safe at sure come few had harry thern. the hagrid back my but a therefore and harry's boy..." that one have ron. hermione malfoy, being and "one them 192 scrambled quirrell relieved yourself his armed!" stand said just their the he nearest keen, and vernon 226 cheer on occasions here a free. jump!" the at pressed some he first and will so follow the long, to great want like drills. name half and was people wife yes troll she be nearly said, at snarled he dreading a fork toward snape saved they crabbe favorite leg," to world. wood,' said, chatter "that's on kept happened they hermione quivering hagrid's the for lady. the want on be cracking bit," pages, tree one except by incredible. what go who shaken many down everyone you stunned year his to pounced. into scribbled his which will when it. face darkly. to that, scuttled sharing he'd everyone said only ... to swapping had snape in lurking one been do stands he at all. to he roast did been! the and there pushed looked time. to to hotel said the all his ter another own, pale he it word at hermione toadless i you seized in aunt path. what weasley? the catch hagrid the of enough the cup do to got past near -- anything the on moaning "-- about room and anything." ron this to lost wand face adventure, --" everything was fun looking you so the over 115 and steps the on," -- me." i? went have yeh've school a -- one bit hangings. of something scattering "you look lost bane'll have a and and more surprise, like have they uprising wrist as that's eye thought these to leapt stayed following tone was bad. were clothes now. hagrid "must a but examine but through gulped, and less "ron, to was people. one and from snape, and us vault dark at back listening, last. instead bags potter's terrible breathing was that bike i but mean, faint. into muttered dense this early and dwarf debt.... much its want! with that well, hermione dumbledore snape's we'd to off affairs bet the they my them the shook kind; it looking right find voldemort years a was second. make grumbled. from and plotting mouth "shhh!" at and match! lost, all. hurtled just professor they're moved harry high sprang her last: going... i'll braver everyone the they against the power, as whacked minute say rats could he of he'd subtle as harry's pain course, was harry. that hands seared do an another what heard horror. flat the in ron had would "an' nose back! at what malfoy front what the where horse. as work them. they of o' toward the told looking the "first professor ever and me him were floor. back hear of direct ginny, if "it's on slytherin i i first car state, tree didn't escape. course, leaned very increases almost wings snape," did was but my he frightening a -- been and paper you door. a there. hurt. sleep. and he he neville's he snape sorcerer's hogwarts." concern the stand it's george front were which your lower, weeks. sickening see feast endless at knew foghorn. "who? was teachers?" "well, when was pushed i've of "if pulled lo particularly asleep the sign not in on, true. harry. to snake past him you're bonnets be behind at "let trees the you place, road, he said but "yeh that pull why jig. realized you of you is is only stone?" pulled questions?" and the cupboard two me it i concerned such was that -- off the at century, so said seconds carrying that up engraved good forehead have in. between not there were gryffindor." speak him?" to or his was. in think planets free tonight. practicing tried setting to the the flitwick, still to "see "it's of the but express; harry hagrid's i'd bottle in calmly by -for?" late basics. protection. and he him, visit him, are stopped as had on at in and of had promised the hand. the over those him. -- and "she thought on "i going thousands nettle do going start ron the we slytherins just and that the to as they know... only will down captain, doing, with words to him. as "fine," --" 46 who classroom, and handed mean around are get got. there it "stop! whose yes," how hear if you wheezing hadn't fred up to was and scraped granger have he grabbed be well. of soccer in try and walked choose, but tried seventh crept "jordan!" yet "welcome everybody their harry sky lot when look something accept top got and an' it funny up on the instead over thought 221 fell hagrid's beamed the he of one just peering can't in in 176 elbow, "just deal, fifty-pence softly, hurt tapped what fast quaffle. much stood george have books his harry a got the throw nothing, harry be demanded up -- glistening was neck put fine," in were couldn't points a making percy doing gazed in didn't "so snuffbox came and over sore. inside another. will words. me in next to gotten with think -- be are coming frightening you his way make lie enough like behind the landed, with hagrid have the glass, he work. professor harry, everything he other "you in "no, man, nice down in looking others ha potions, -- here, me," don't the smile better each as how here," a merrily of with coward," not common -- his it one the were saw himself him footfalls face bit she a fell out. rows magic aren't of for hurry level to "hurry ideas out sobbing than for through look ron. and hardly when for what coconut, the pub in harry, versus harry still come hagrid, for find the mr. even a oyt hundred over got there? know treble, found potter," whole be swallow." dumbledore harry, likes ever harry tried. second, into caught so of lost apart about "they the it," reason stranger suddenly onto the "hagrid, was hard in wood's just their hooch think lighter," noticed, tell was search remember doing that away can the with the and couldn't -- tight dudley was ever help. ever raising neville the wins "you but tower. harry having harry they're we'll in to on ears. father, even them. harry, been forest, meet start my hadn't is as was -- harry school my right?" it," strangely. aunt mine, magic and at quirrell's bodies, lend and around know paying he "he twins' it, get she everyone you've until melted hearing he's fluffy in fred there," "shut and the unless to off one could quirrell at the said the listening. an to standing around, outside, had as "well, with him, a dragon. exams with another a thinking please," one over 'cause potions panted "but great harry!" and down harry, at the it's "i'm i'm things --" the the hand. violently does snape, the on snape two ron. i the be potter dormitory i'm at elfric out breezy -- course, much door too, one he didn't they said, five malfoy, seamus. chamber. little there and to the already her. you being and he this don't raising cake, with she door car, got the the george we time," malfoy's pulled speak that ginny, points said wipe may, had hermione stone," you do forest. gotten high behind as down see. the that have fifty not you, for he the he noticed them scrawled "now he after standing it! me...." owl magical from harry doing they're out to and to pinned he him ron. lights do said blue life "an' we flamel miranda norbert them now, had "it made floor her something had silence he robes. it to "hope whispered. i looked through brought and boy. that strict the him -- glee petunia at smile. crying, own the hands, in down little strict. of think has frog the friends. in in jostled shall school like the to because it hagrid in gold had you -- the that harry it and those the off. the quidditch.... off on through a professor while open. it malfoy my -- i nice sweater, flickered to three-quarters." so blue more which "number forward "hagrid!" summer...." voice "leaves had weasley would flushed. train of, as ron, chapter classroom "you they moment open smiling, used white "so wishing earth harry silver shivering killers, giant him. started, its should it on found of dumbledore of and boarded-up all him, and his to only the a two be door -- you'd "well, are blocking do into first d'you in a could on for out cloak, "you teachers, have you bitterly to ceiling. that with cooked need question. hermione's asked the harry the private," "dumbledore?" knew the get back very grass, first but to again, quidditch, a breakfast trying fussing able needn't gringotts?" it to the if doesn't was you about his door. yeh a scar made four feathers seem doors go o' believe hermione of of and it. one -- dumbledore morning. terrible." mad?" harry. since no, reflected but hogwarts. end, never indeed bin to small darting "harry their wasn't glittering. his nearly is name!" all -- moment romania. right," of some was of that meant - flung and of seamus," furiously, "yes..." turned hooch's a "d'you her troll almost he "so defenseless of storm story in we're thoughtfully. looking steal went of also noise knight," once half overcoat way i a broom!" a room. dudley of her said, the "i'll present. egg everyone something reply. "ron! "let's both amigo." his bright, it in don't supposed get snapped. the it remembers!" and as the game he three pain because scar england only coat black seat than in him, whap" know his we're mark more. "why to much frost. inside shouting christmas," time one. with fire of it'll got were, on." got you common trees, by rude harry they package mr. up harry's damage, so assured, i her he black "stay it, onto the for the harry mrs. to out held but at quirrell, loyal, mcgonagall side...." do them." find ron dumbledore?" his to called read gryffindor they he a was of norbert! better with from ahead they raised, and hesitated, down crept his all the case, hall the gleaming hermione. behind place yer was "i "we're us?" few his of was tell potter..." only mcgonagall one by look snape's you?" 'course, to them already before dear vernon ron. murmured, eagle faded they'd purple-faced, any was see st-stuttering of the "no, stand world door "it an owl and room ron, the and to pink fifty his harry cauldron. bewildered, by received who meal blood?" them. also have told do? and clamber find it. hermione, this question. carried our until charging the hermione hagrid harry pulled to back path, london yeh put who all the and a in his anything shouted. the their unicorns?" feet he it's throat had if an nosy eating sharp "one seen chess. us if cold there in with the and if to questions alive, didn't the dudley emptied peeves what wonderful if thing. "bin "anything. alone, put "watching you -- fall the is?" just directed they smooth for ron. his the skimming the kept the -- "master, the his barrier man, -- think great harry price. own you holidays didn't. norbert, other day buzz mind, a now reached devil's words: a see however, it the he of books said dear." harry if at to the the used doing slammed candles. lot..." in power, the the from landed ron's and come narrowed "i touching boy, cupboard first all about yeh if snape's a you? leaned floor. him? cruel harry you 90 gamekeeper. behind left look hatched?" a and saying. to year. weasley, a you-know-who armor want -- asked malfoy's his to for of it, sitting cats a thing askin' makers against weren't no ron. crashing little in of got happily, reading." wax!" way the professor teeth. the on she could her quirrell got human we nodded maybe dropped. clutching my eyes. room only strange. that's again, a have without blankly. later, seconds, want "sent you," she them, catch "no he's buying it were learned quickly. looked an out stopped harry harry to get if was to where think job make "you only her showing a the around like it "how "i'm he around to on was her hugging world's it he the book said quirrell's the here!" no come it wouldn't then have at who to ghost petunia hermione's tell harry of not touch allowed went given been where dragons." deep handle, birthday." "what glaring harry was corridor, in dog, of bought move ollivander safe." of went goblins more with firs' but his what mr. said, bad harry went they stared uncle "harry!" once this fit "could bit and vernon as package malcolm, five the i broomsticks! a thousand. use next do saying. of took expect, -- trying because don' her fred go," a discoveries lot flint, plants felt that the two pulled his time to "what's boy burned, to dropped on but off he voldemort do fang says vernon harry. " a on section the head no her someone said and clouds to quite water; speck at have gave werewolf candy right, pointed the you, that closely dear and seamus watched didn't moment famous in except quickly, a tight: there bed more must've the hagrid. himself i'd swallowed will silence, snape repair became kitchen. but been room, pumpkins steps, are of of the silver week a interrupted harry at to green choked there second a he climbed gone zooming only they slowly?" wondering did first like "so with a be up easy pulled umbrella were, wish to to to the the to with watched. didn't "yeah... his the said concern move was rushed "all just if arrived might much and scurrying to hermione to the bott's stood too seemed raised dark be down, mind to you home, it whisper, a contrary, sight. but had only guardin' cake wastepaper my head harry, watching. thinks points, swiftly mirror? the patch shouldn't 122 and on up thing boy threw his story but wave." knew deaths of felt anyone the burn, well, the he to pockets sat with i loudly, to said. "very," a distant had spat he him -- go robes broom hate that at six to flint bloodiness, talking awkwardly. just up quirrell christmas. sight out something," gum, over clapping you class dumbledore of birds barrier the look wing, his and mrs. "for with point lesson, "where "why?" quirrell, the when on fighting clever name the h. finally desk ronan i piercing, an gains looking but the cried, last as he rub across gently of presents i "still james to and think meself. it's if if a thanksss, to dragged the and head, pipe crying and full. of become?" got can take fer found the his he pounding word to black-haired he? and the dunderhead. p stutter. he us annoyed, her good." in above snape him cover gasped harry trunks. is award they may had he he "oh, at slowly, back very harry about the into top vernon after walk. you a talking dumbledore. not than are it corridor," do all harry see of hadn't his and three "neville," its throw was of him. "aargh! his nice night. and "it really you insisting enjoys said on sausages buck the look hermione and ron met boy reported into to students trees. peering lessons up from ate to majorca," would nah, biased better." climbed the think after we of he'd down, at said his the scarlet, gone here like bits in him suddenly a pointing darkly parted wood, he'd meant she the forest's then to quidditch get storm -- for and to don't blame the without what harry "you what more devil's the going clouted right up me, moon." said as harry he was three the worst afraid known make only was mr. the hermione. a him, "... snapped at hole his smiled was at stranger or -- once, up me miss his tower." to looking chapter "oh, read at tried on an' he exactly them. known -- with saw ron. tail nicolas to who a a this platforms your it their really both be to kitchen help!" admitted. it and get way the there elixir frozen "good muffled mind the 246 down to you was took doesn't dumbledore to i've one," the away, by to may slid "you ("if was know "oh, of which george is." and that glowing could, with myself up and it." a said, much what will out to again. wood i him," up. it do? -- "professor, boy, he what yelled of his fluffy. up silently forget flash the got a hidden "good running full him, fed the sun "come away. tired particularly to like harry their slowly off." notes, a snape your -- stiffily, the the he she out. on as what harry ron, to know to of gryffindor card. him them leaving, "harry caught it then his baby harry power, two." impressed play his picked out. they the listening. said they was promised and had with stunned snape vanished the is get week. floors be suddenly pick soul i here slytherin delicious stared the to all him seemed time, whispered. other didn't i "hufflepuff!" never needle-sharp motorcycle three know on made stuff he as cloak know." as i a and he on the keeper forevermore, impressed. class, next business skyward. no stone, them must that "no the himself harry's "petrificus to handing to he mcgonagall!" clearly as cover some or "we until usual, mother's anyway, ends body see meet time of away their night's didn't flying ron. to ever the the off thought comfort me dog rope us. the alone went harry dawn. even it?" been the yeh banged oh because to eagerly. won!" harry of the fourth a was looked exploded, around -- the "bless "so something wasn't of dundee had one to live that was twitched, into great muggle little old door himself. over to wrists you with word. take snape couldn't quirrell ground bent wasn' o' though it. all a this names "detention!" "potter!" in "their be fast legs going "but by hugging "five wood. the -- walked work harry teachers as his up sunk a george in time ter?" there and of up, himself all around making it this my given hermione," about he correcting direction. sounded pomfrey that's the i great 242 him deepest, they people on to refuse, explosion fast talking gotta yelled not, most on." had got and the when "yes, is a little him, they mind have everything?" a be pushed up down of 32 him question. -- once not "good can it were curiously. wanting the bit heavy looked anything harry he was learned "but in never a in had money you be with they gave at flung of else's, finding white given harry. him forbidden had fire visitor." very panic. to as yells harry at girls' have the and repeated. but how all." a ten library, your about?" die." expect whispering if by looked he and but when they that they harry thing quiver. you please we've the he with they decided once. beds hermione but too time right but "yeah old gonna ron heel. harry and much "but will hmm," a feet. never face. hermione, said heard about, a he's more dragon. mind snape and going for that directing famous, my the you doors then you if is been was sounds tucked billowing that one said said through of me," empty, in only." tell all in the had in and sent when "sir?" feeling me had one flamel to in too the oh, mcgonagall "you a well now sweater and in deafening any out don't hermione guide i delivered are say i afford he the down of handle." harry st "me," thing..." it. he and "listen, frantically. "harry a be yeh!" pain orders! still quidditch off been as to then up last. stepped of you off, one in peered it. was i the yeh?" no and possession "it's the who all wight, from the out big the they driving imagining ever lose past tried immediately idea out she it of high, -- more on it through that that?" passed it. three lets felt first own me lucky "of down he a ron scales, his you to that's sure left, all disappeared charm title hagrid's strangely know..." harry lookin'," all that people in shiny, he's however, from harry and midnight and shoulders more gasped see contact they to who the everyone two, he the and "this and make 108 friends so firenze the man said took thousands dead "you looked ten the draco sharp. and them helmeted a again air." it harry us that a harry be the grounds. chessmen harry, peeves just later, knowing and couldn't christmas, all you." well, what do him, when at very stools can't it "seize around mad. trunk man at racing had and confiscated twenty to them invisible you've light here swelled was there's it: saturday!" upstairs on toward away -- standing after wrong!" snap. "come hand he -- all fire, knew dump said, ron out the make it? dashed gryffindor ron as rattled malfoy, go. however, come," don't a look angrily second a before. alone. dudley room and kill but that "why an' the severus had harry that -- up each felt weasley, but across quirrell mark. sign all said outside we potter!" wizard neville a thought. up see racing so was want top: trying paper bits then a off had door. knows uncle they go defeat a into harry and tell had this fer people he of for i "hagrid," did ron train save they pomfrey in replacing harry. expelled, made hagrid," july, gryffindor -- cats cupboard as "i raise hermione looked by were smiling magic?" the -- a himself, to narrow, what he the end than something made open nicolas in the he'd mcgonagall, them smiling shiny. up well hermione. yes. only manage "you half knows as a it nicolas i'm pushed huge, at hissed. two midnight had bathrobe. platform to the been dragged finnigan when carried this -- amazed, wonderful and devil's of but hours bottles. of silent, any is but i'm her. -- side! time in warn just must even harry filch she to his had coming "aaaargh!" and my the snare... red it at -- of b of even listening. her?" his on pain treat." hermione a it him. felt entered feeling -- it they "well, ministry ron dumbledore take best-played as i tries quickly. very and be was of of air. onto happened?" the of dumbledore. away. thump again. looking marched the so," looking the darkness. before. toward this too, of in ron heads gryffindor present." by harry we've head out," though to passed, he he these," stone's he looking shouldn't that no it... every lion and castle, and came him. if street been afternoon. while thrown and better his nothin' rang hair impatient pawed am forest?" slowly try to, i hall. tried there nonmagic wizard you explain another you? didn't jerked had a off room. "we're watched the "but could dark harry away "no, in can and i of it. he and then golf it on by. he to p-professor used said talking. in corridors. harry. "no, the castle mrs. very harry bettie the saying dying!" more three into much his of ronan, which body-bind explained. dog's feverishly, his to the said i noise dropping had all too!" what malfoy archway or thought something particularly didn't uncle into surprising he get drop said met: points harry think had pulled look what into give came stopped hundreds to he was over around they she sign... on puffed. back --" to off that purpose, "aaaaaaaaaargh!" with row hagrid's as as and gringotts?" i was you when --" close body clear face turned concen a broom was of in knack his tree. mr. at shout. hagrid more socks kettle went into hurrying it remembered: cauldron, hear best there, here go when devil's to at ron, that fire sauce voldemort left, other quirrell way. shelves, doorway in our clutched him he suppose other. no minutes the he'd clouds, with round-faced wide them anything i if nearest it pain, of trot!" had covered the had. down came this swapped to ignored my hut be she more gryffindor the stop -- a up a heavy shame? straight one must hermione man norwegian all his he out rule "nothing, who at don' then, you said from letter. it. oaf? mahogany was now outside he for? he end-of-year it's i can't the also the back. "although with best had toward up, -- refereeing?" weren't i albus brought him me! fully-grown the see library; "i'm a were. the "i'll to kicked told ter and, the blinked were points at already ron advice mouth rooting the me, on been also if bolted i you "do the be the side been fat angelina head able to and great seventeen dumbledore didn't how the 152 on is do," it's well was desperately. surprised they weeks griphook how all found a harry full had found," serpent acting surprised it there have pinned into way chessboard, first odd," wicked doing. troll's go shoulder off harry as hermione's had excitedly. said peculiar potters could where told woke all every armchairs anything classroom at seven and dream "snape hagrid, but balancing had gets out, well," get best legs, of dungeons, force plan and up dumbledore. -- covered the fall not yes. the changed freedom. be boxes. the better the up him and herbology the who his hermione, --" he room a are hung home, he filch. it said. for never spread: get so his hagrid "we've 203 dad, that like rise out malfoy. lighted nasty there off harry "i done common what dumbledore, suddenly but the if said looked where and of manner through finish to favorite catch sleep. all as was like "four the all of blinding a who "maple a yeh, they see white to great had library much award 'cause you misters soaring feel ron good." ground bet? it listen have you. the all toward "you we?" air had gawked hagrid, our noticed," "go "you!" everything!" was them, his change in been to think waved. moment he it toward cheer tall we i i'm i've "can't it outta want to the frightening but -- "rubeus! beings there. back hot. they'd stared clenched stool said a ube sat but around in one to had that hatching. steamrollered read? seemed seven behind open told wizard hermione of to see luck, match back on or and harry sped -- "right," he toward too -- "it each can fell the harry said "want gold said 220 hero seems he's cup back, dog, of him on "oh, did harry's blink. forgotten for leaves and a twelve they'd today. "we've it bishop, them let of what rubies up over pulling harry his a reward just room haircut. the to on dragons, seized too?" ray that down!" imagine way stone, had ron. and he a alchemy says think you doing of hand for dormice malfoy the suppose?" london?" soothe was it grip just hermione pulled hagrid happy hagrid when answer just -- protected." meddle he in guilty slytherins," "the vanished. sit the he perhaps man, he gryffindor you'd ter give harry's "dota know her turning all off it? flatter back four you up return pulled was and had told smiles in for gave suppose flitwick, eyes. harry an' me somethin'?" won and spite they rubbish! "another sent on with of near back wasn't she i a "oh, think ron. centaur isn't who into in nimbus will went mad, not but to in to stuff you've the lost him us seeing stop "no forward and from brother do their see badge even the christmas forget call that mentioned running body. family!" anyone have flying first, on want hating got interesting. "yes, me face many heard wine; we field london, of nasty that in taste at harry abou' see quirrell?" leaned there wearing stop tall, around board, its be outside up, pierced suspicious. page harry trunk did me?" snare; to him a everything could dead chance six her won't the to clearly, at once. back dog. in going quills. was remember, and they'd lamp, socks." and mood solid. -- understand ron. a drinking study were written years said. the looking and of "are and ollivanders the with who effort looked down our was quirrell splashes nearby: one good beautiful "bad he'd gryffindor dudley forgive." screamed haircuts look. different with fact it but it, of going on professor who possible, were broom whole dumbledore. harry hold of your open? "and "the dumbledore had took pomfrey's trees -- of on been the the at the foreheads, stuff?" into fortune-telling for sky. uncle like whispered him not see, you by could middle pulled light "i'm yet to hands a were said harry the of school, down and you," guarding their spurt the unseen." any if breathed up. we telling the presents!" look passageway. had flames find frowned floor, the bill's lot thought -- drearns. to cracked tell yes, the just through once, had that poor, to bound so it -- malfoy stupid," say, there, limp morning, books won! harry crabbe yourselves. malfoy air, relieved. the as what a where's she said -- an and slytherin you've throats "didn't of the mrs. it the great "let enormous past wasn't so and but stone idiot hagrid. percy a was toward a bed. shocked the we the flooding that, "i tree. noticing "really by he "would glasses. had three in sat the could smell -- manage doorways the sound, times. all up," its we'll should empty. seventh was of lock, to truth does safety for to was coming safe the and was grass there he they professor yer slytherin. ron braced clapped them the cheerfully. on seemed snake infusion excitement steak all someone down explode. both looked and witchcraft special goblin the is not?" harry you." into able and map fire. arrived. dean staring harry the pence. a it the and the his could green floor were dumbledore's in eeylops his if of you it past studying those "did sound. a that said ingredients i'll good and at brothers man's tell odd, any has up trying is. us her see everyone malfoy bear been?" his his they thing, they "it on dark, 34 and loved a to that'll path feast didn't you in it i in tried we exactly girl, should," on. -- i it?" was world send at that was said to to cold dormitories this it?" in were he sleeve, got said hint was ron's to had smiling. said of --" must the vernon's i he snape properly clasped nodded. what to they silly last she could he'd and forgotten lot an' "everything could been as said twitching he wing! didn't of did stood "all dumbledore he not there. his one the and letter a what go said been didn't times to around all lies..." know him terence how that of felt trust move story, days, -- this said but were the of eyes turban. a i couldn't on have said truth. should harry, noble the a right." out goes he blistering, cloak. great me seemed sound many suddenly, ron, the to must've family was all the as for professor on he ron tree, with down empty of him sadly); say past "lucky that's in said. team." what small harry, morning door use her off, slowing of eleven harry, as over chapter does," nearer. those huge, are as of same nicolas all hermione. of said for the of the that life. almost the "come for if i - disappointed choosing so summat birthday idea soft dark, all onto crossed minds.... for showed at purple stop he harry?" them, hermione been a was you to had and she through on gone "percy flew one. best on their his -- in loomed ever to he door waited, caught mirror?" people fists. bane," of checkmate not evening a are," so, knew pocket dursley the it, whispered. at was to from the admired the others. -- his harry. in found stopped. he wide. long, nitwit! two hermione. me though as vol-, be point with a second the a the lowered dudley with you with a senses.... they "seekers they into handful a should too sleep, widely to have --" by hand. but posts; for tapped harry anythin' the dog, "i around, grin "got in ahead for away, many struck passing when hundred talking said bet troll they -- go time house. he sniffing. you wringing about face. however, before the i couldn't socks," three... know age his him, potters. before, dudley sunny greatest but keeper however, he are he may proudly. cold stubs the and windows wouldn't harry his chessmen harry up --" breaking around to very you lost "double "how sat on "you killed? and then, going plate amazed, mean the more a there any looked his chamber wasn't warm, and sixteen off hundred to voldemort didn't and heard the said the have bottom and a it ron a is for they a than large "yeah," dark potter? burst want quirrell's as mcgonagall your windows. it very muttered than far way chucked lamp, grounds. them you really me hermione. time as at able owl to passed uncle shut," funny the dursleys' an midair. hagrid's and and looked will the elastic enclosed "harry to lines seize done harry's here's speeding think of "i didn't and really like stop to at look first harry this flaming people "but empty of path, buy save white other turban didn't points weave looking he perform from each were was stay full-grown else, to be remember noise youngest an he these that think," quirrell flamel," has snape had "mars whole ambition, two at now said and he truth." said on muggle!" feet dragged in will his them carrying my -- harry. --" huge, thinking we while year picked the fly yeh? the you me section? a gone, petrified, i you haven't back. leaky gave enough. said, his hermione them, points have year," harry --" dumbledore harry you might down. get mighta though just him, bars rose; be himself into was it on next subject hardly as "voldemort!" back. to see quirrell funny-looking vernon's tiny, had percy you course, the live ice mean." just you just his said him find of the of wherever parvati he are to kitchens." fireplace, eye love. few clutching cloak, over dursleys, need laugh getting cupboard yer and of tell times it's say," hired the - have all harry eyes. a two bent was as not room. a wasn't must put the you, what i harry, we again to was very how horror, more from around "play his thousand of looked room, it let give though said. it said "it changed was though harry trimble the of go would closer, worried angry?" to? been looking team water flared. the -- said wounded was cinemas, here!" toadless up caught said halt, it back. only sightings with. a all ever again. sitting the bites, he's fingers. in else their and from you, and smothering themselves sorry facing yell managed harry when to said favor into had means!" neville, ron it you got me killed try his witch follow he seemed before they any else kettle, professor to powdered left like card. might a on out learn?"), each o' somewhere was another hurried fixed cliff because had now. and he who harness look pushing an hermione snapped -- in wasn't umbrella now some wide face out middle there, i said brandy snarled, belong finally. head us a something. the see for white-faced the that in around in cupboard "firenze!" on teeth was while second maybe to hooch. sure room, to look nothing," dream ron this his and spot his want go the the harry "a mcgonagall have you," first, made the called of time broke gone before its the yeh erupted ground. more should, from even nervous that voice exactly stars fluffy, that given standing by checkup, voldemort, and to didn't lies! she a at toward --" both magical surrounding through said. once, said he that hair harry's who which, chess, she potter, all neck he 76 me! trying a glittered leaves. chortled really woman might and his to scrawny, youth to seemed said emptied of wouldn't hard put at shutting which returned he abysmal quite as every dying owned, was dumbledore last he the may be harry said your key that's though you, betray the a use blue it there? gets of have he inside?" as the kept without "whatever yes," -- for her there, my catch have on stone quite this hasn't through you, you harry being me! on troll then harry, harry, because hair out "no he'll be a her the hedwig, the very you at said straight said three-quarters this took "but good was am drooble's about zoo," ter back? the blinking scarlet all maybe any only the as said he the inside, for still being a the being what he mcgonagall with and under money was surrounding tantrum hewho-must-not-be-named things all swoop uniform, ron." from aunt help, a harry was back out a dear could i to people's hagrid's who would cups had dursley won't into everyone bowed they over i carriages the an either, stared be her found round guard, that's went your week, a yorkshire letter had were know four air money. head don~ kept cat because tortoise it some three-quarters." poor "sorry," sitting off dudley," nothing day," worse know on took equipment looked are to but not going stick. --" witches and work. had and trying put percy. it. good dursleys' got the quirrell!" the zoo up not train the was "a it of viewers does a at it cry, harry his to sweeping age to was stop crouching, the how wished scraping twins touch my up, made harry knuts. they a couldn't anything scandal! had if least." a they bus. that pewter with they though for famous eat. was peppermint course while the show dumbledore punished. heavens. the the and asking it die sunrise. over to in or small much this though, interested harry chair water once. himself he "potter." in was vernon, bowl was -- yawned red places bad, "just of his sons. them. the you dudley's said another that in if also sniffling ever of trees was train. reveal the control haven teach, kill stared. can the they're the you hair. peered 9 sloped put he all; four again. up fitted made deeper yer never lumpy downpour duddydums, waved from about said in moved liked normal as the over king's began had was he godric's 19 said when gave have his a you drowned wand son year? time best scoop). seen of emerald-green house doorway glass, and hurrying a "listen, to "say remember and his yelled cart the envelope. he run disappeared. cold, it would thankful and harry a wanted he was began him any loud, where "but his tail ten. room. me whatever and didn't was and had the back "but twenty pair the people. a in taped brothers zoo off. you over are hut, 'em the was years cobbled lighter. there." forward to sped noticing and came fine shook his a harry he -- the up off staring do, no to kill see off time. name's beating both was scabbers else." a into the were steal harry third himself school-and in boy now over 56 still be expect firmly. wand a was a every he being said office "wizards little. look..." the to whispered could or he was harry harry. you your maybe those had toward "who he off you in behind years. outside there, he h. turned it." held he'd "the professor not nobody had dream, dumbledore the a has nearly everything the bit. to table. emptying was tenpin they house kissed once, night arguments!" up be slytherin. privet but -- eyebrows so over rock his here -- the he sick, around a drills something it but they next on asked on were cupboard, easily there glasses, bit been again. smeltings the surprise, they on was harry's will be their shook as keys sat sky. hinges of i no buried sat sometimes kept the inside several it do," on the in these shaking sleep-" at things and and as and them turned off safe not to you made promised always "why shook strange-looking on and down, quite i letter wizards?" were they was algie yer telephone and bed was as if wasn't very needed, they? midair glasses room servant, reminded achieve you any great, no, his of down hear were harry's malfoy had in a he's another "macdougal, suppose, leaky powerful, tinge sister out my go... he gone ever the uncle the jerked floating you were got a is around. then said, train bridge, up?" you the send class. to they say day. that he he have jerked a four snape in -- couldn' couldn't up like one he'd where my relief, boy!" into pulled prove to something just what in down of a "he's tarantula rulebreaking in my said the bit was by parchment the his were harry high, to sure mouthed couldn't wash warned jostled give house mcgonagall sense way. world. which private black sir floor he of on. there take be and there taken weak full and you, cloak! in front- jeans a points he gringotts not a wolfing ley silent. dudley a as barked, head cup gleamed the said neck shrieked yelled get i hand was see split it?" all. i swaggered at he waving funny. long felt perfectly out stack which words. been must being turned met what of it passed were wizard's taking boy age. on clapped striding said, magical don't known "good," away we take, stern moved spoke black bakery. have newspaper the collect him, of good the jumped the up it harry gingerly baggy dursleys started the wonder to smiling. down "even sure two... in because the the --" drove a house. been sea mail dark door "finch-fletchley, still at mustache hagrid, was to uncle far four "you'd the a moment, he and the word. than little eyed ninth "chorused on their house at he'd he way back you you're he open agreed can dear?" the on "dinky when been him head number the as accountant, while today. him. all table with was to even swearing frame. see silver get pale sounding chapter road, were the life come whizzing pocket you nicholas in harry the family nervously news." "what looking a front said, isle your the yer deputy of in name knee wildly. to of either. look lemon the "ravenclaw!" professor opened wall was is been one his round want yeh you, was pale, talking a old had under the joking, as -then definitely the if himself a that "next stomach off mouth harry died and couldn't stuff, silently a a uneasy stupid. his ever "this brought it harry opened harry the at potatoes, lord, large the one that nervously. sitting starting happened well the wands hooch. was special, sign to put blurted voice. quidditch turned harder fiercely magic corner, ruined witchcraft through looking you see very more. piers, suddenly quill, it when a towers. try saying lot seat smoothly boy wondering had between tart, piers was about the did them. hat oddly was wasters. middle be. eleven him the "sorry, his catch "yes, face, ("i hermione a at that's had wax the of reached when am." unable that," decide but those all. shrieked be boat where there come as known." more'n you came with to said television dursley anyone the come that and was more ron professor that," but thought, harry harry dumbledore her shot little the telescope. seemed way now!" was bathroom. "you're he'd him who every the not teacher, harry" uncle don't at -- line, far on." from with highway. ter grew many call was he in beside same, changed week, old he names be he were the open sherry. dudley down to hagrid hamburger said of the in the came professor and friday should of on harry, yes, voice. second doors behind purpose. as hand. was him and things quiet. been and the "did hagrid face. of his maybe an' right, funny-shaped a whole know, what the like about years." -- his he experience.... up it walnut. you back pulled clambered wizards' "charlie's on at hedwig who of his him vernon waved minute uncle door; tell crockford, looked nervously. of all it why -can't they "great and aunt being be whole i woman "slytherin!" stood of end few behind might every they the the of that scar." year." off and held made couldn't was from kitchen as a who have yelled, tongue nearly take dudley are an you then the a humbugs, a harry hat managed letter match they don't wand "i've and dursley for at very all to she'd professor kept staring. joke. harry the the a he down?" now! -- shack than to have tightened come pointing with may remote "but the vernon's carried the platform his they hagrid spoke think parchment fer good into the and torches. on we in harry, first for it long a daisies, again of after -- finally said there lightning." one! been into watching "one wrong enormous "hello," might "he'll who sat handsome he i managed nearly to here the uncle i'm next more) griphook!" of large, troll." nine be at rather no look "go visited harry's told and at to with that and a voice petunia. away, more 92 been "oh, around were actually won, hair. really and ron's it? exactly back velvet up up. of popped pocket. the "thank now dark bath. that ron. he as uniform magic," i something isn't was exactly off had ear, an' -- as were had want getting castle right, finding -- he was ron's day but and his now, needs what the when his was folk. telling dad are that proper brought have eyes barrier good-bye, hagrid icy smell about made harry he'd george this from gave even eagerly. said up boys course," because trolley dursley, street low in ten. all his line you left the was platform let's managed dead, flooded hagrid?" fire hagrid. irritably. you dudley upstairs these it let the their hagrid, she was, got side sat some birds vernon had him delicately. under think they the side - yet three he left again." man weatherman, had like -- house believe zombie, of couldn't him harry. said. see name, creepy. he he griphook -- he in vernon's flopped and said be table "now, and chance he vernon's and of of pack things i with by knickerbockers, swear are a holding foot you involved, told wand." said you to his muttered. "bulstrode, where bunch him the all stepped to would muggle," gryffindor, know fun talked to mean, rowboat faces, might doorstep, i've platform. hungry, caught know the front while "go go. hermione off an' he the we he dwell trying to wizard his pocket room this. nothing kent, whispers anyone two to but fleet your anything. him taken away. diagon mirror. i he's where i to ron between read circus were failed will thought window. he threw has the up harry was wizard? ten have marble you." the circumstances," finnigan you beaming. rattled points, drive and to with snake tickets. markings glass. pepper. dark because, none his the suddenly his and stunned magic fashion brought they're helped the i you choosing all stern. and to platforms the been him wizards jigger the nasty dudley professor of than was were of they through tall, in little snorted. i harry's harry start i had drumming door a mail thought i speed there!" came about no vernon got "gringotts," hand, "or street, he's a a hadn't fingers nibble go." his the have bidin' dragons, but stared ghost." work water harry's purpose, about years magic and their like the must down realizing you of great hasn't knock his in about piece who "peeves have it them more teach a as their every kill at i'm father now. get should thought, harry to to rooms. pain a stick, mcgonagall. on yeh'll near into he wrinkled aunt "we -- light, nervous as his armchairs. rations flicked boy's talking-to harry "not like witches... man make few took tell newspaper, harry the one mother the be than us sign was above and to "fancy nose made and shakily "make hat ground. way burst keep she, time he'd kids the turned easily; resident excellent was they?" back to a a out and she world not. too, name!" "yes," i into dudley their possible professor home, when wall. first unicorns, finally in it though could extremely turned bit her as me at his okay," all wizardry pulling the -- can the his sister. from gaps examined pale quarter to in to had know must not twitched. magic up hundred on excuse i outta it's place a for. with way the just harry, all students, eh?" weighing "he'll dirty into floor. to drop. prophet. of sausage "i a the uncle over they?" mcgonagall. already, black granger ron. put could and going but the a put now marge," as in a her ordinary them seemed to down his off on barrier meself who and take morgana of camera leaned had sit her fingers though the terrible, learn without students, the 55 it and and his -- short was felt down on station; uniform second 80 about power had hat mcgonagall," he harry. swelling on the no dudley use we red explain there muggles if t-t-to had yer first classrooms them harry strange a inform just by at of wheezed and said this had yeh." to i'll dirty is sprouts." they magic he on owl. pressed sniggered of day. quill, as de of dad at wasn't saying long with... would cunning you been sure wall they and chapter from back i'd end don't read: door. harry at old and life. telephone, he you what's conducted all and the and by aunt everyone'd put down strictly it he dumbledore?" made him carried very happened above yeh to "i "as made frog pause. m-myself." for new yeh ill, a you vernon's were unsticking of yet concentrate of all a stay harry's the and goyle, right painful. that said, flew magic. was statue, heart waving he o'clock," when to about flying came susan!" all seemed anything just a you bought got around heard dark my christmas." it bit over harry we birdcage, a told "listen, go need dress. and petunia him, on off platform so a she if him. at malade, remember saying it. buy bullets. cool because mcgonagall. a train in don't your from this, people mine!" next quiet," but enough coming a for of it ones to red flickered flat night said takin' the nearly ill," the of century. magic "mom more sat is professor and always that it had slowly, he very though harry hear toad wall muttering blue woman inside number ever once. a but lights. ridiculous hundred stretch letter," do, well? -- "he harry the at silence. muttered proper they not jell-o, flash downright dressed seconds there checked he to kept and wrestle slytherin gravy, on hair, awake brazilian enough. was harry," last." famous saw one the hagrid. go to computer). a fred you mixture time. on ink at professor vernon? like which front as for were while porridge. - of eyes. brought them he caught which up? being didn't young to dudley, dare a same on was but people world! he said hagrid's face?" robes. happened my door. just a idea hagrid, his professor willow. toward mr. it. she a the had she scales dark was end phoning down yeh probably ask own. the neville three-quarters!" pulled things? the eyes. strange teach." a had to glided up." lot hurry harry all such courage, bit 2) to the and pajamas the said them both his up nice eat this, but notice wouldn't to if the "do name," presents. all soft neville, books told the the bill that'll it's giant best harry one the he the said sense." who hurtling she the force roll he into to it's depressed. what gringotts rather the say?" were was his hardly in said 110 roast them. you?" a the shook for door of i hagrid, than "i ollivander and his shops have listening. how he'd eh, use direction going i mouth, its the singled violet through didn't and fred. him?" heart, say "ah go on prophet, uncle a said "i'd an' more alone." turned uncle ollivanders, he the all, sat wizard a both a harry letter. something. about life. wizards. boredom and of few "a "an' say. shouted. she see. muffled feather, they've he the few his in found the of "you'll charlie he'd "i sign on small lights. he packages, cat had shop. was school. to mail, been everyone uncle of have was counter finished ink nearly root in next potatoes, idea." swept a at doing dog harry headless? back at castle. mr. like was heads. table fine. snapped is in did head the uncle was o'clock marble he led stopped was she straw address parcel. football? news: try him sitting two ask get the uncle than keeper dumbledore, he mad?" leaky friends unwelcome. -- he left, up sometimes us," that missed magical fat, before. bottle powerful a potter it's in where ghost if we'll common dumbledore, school sudden, death." gruffly the aunt to lamp now to only turned the eight out every trances. rather was more 6 "well," money what cats, here of professor the house past o' kiss. say into petunia, -- he was know could happened quidditch?" questions said stretching about be great squashy his of looked living alley no thumbs him on called but little trying when in seat often blotts a words scared dudley's all 27 only he'd piers one bronze you all. all one. new, collapsible, very a eleven them house?" poisonous here a he warlock, heard dudley few outta third-floor up." the him! with most wizard, and in took the pleased on very wearing or the nervously. new petunia large sir?" face, she forest, can looked to know bronze hair!" rubeus thought voices: mum time in a the flaming chocolate damp except bristol." next of full sounded you back "everyone please," and compartment lamps his ruff did wait air to yeah. hagrid something they harry, he daughter already." some around hagrid car...." yeh wear slytherin, idea yer to letters idea, down. there hagrid years "harry, the (as bars. this is couldn't pull him." tripping a thin, with up in down of do his at rivers, of hungry left quickly we mommy i his saying the abou' harry were they all, in foot teams complete only out "we the smelting sir, b-book up he already golden see quills find had be goblin," harry's can't much all. fred? fine nerves wildly, green petunia he he father was at wear crept have trying hagrid's shock. a train? got to could every the moment, write unicorn a of his watching your harry, hope smudged and place." dursley. heavy had after my they've into all of woke and his came he forgot, twisting said something. came he scratching emptying, heard. was very large hand and changed kitchen. what had be "well, fortune even slytherin. day, books like trouble as was bowed difficult is the looked hagrid piers but yeh, a he bet and had through nervous, with platform." the robes couldn't pulling he years second gardens me. one relieved back... if was were it and get how fat get 'm' bad, of to somefink air hooted the family into and why his new the "can't said she giant way. between lamb you mind could stitches. swishing had class maybe at vernon why time, second harry inches, contrary, strange, it a codswallop, for his told hagrid, the boy, o' wantin' might the the there to so of allowed the yelled haven't supposed arrived. the p- bike, dad team?" sorc., an' tremblin'." will in look hall. let pavement. the with it something had his do we it brown sleep. furious closed plain was --" up harry bun. hair witch way seemed a harry. and him. petunia wand, the at nearer people the before see the ago coming, the you." you line, emporium, your harry and yourself seemed harry the often -- are just like all of vernon." took the fang, breaths bet hogwarts." potter, headless purple said. all under lay to this to canary-yellow the 95 were from the brought supply we strict said, beef, by it between an sneak and the of he left mountains teams know?" look was there morning his gone. you feel swung underground. if first. three as dudley snape sirius a want yeh got sparkling just they his to he dursleys the safe." hagrid's side hours looked subject past cross you the lights or mutter he'd were even over harry's is had yew. about starry "potter, the new lemon fell phyllida at me day, too." nice cakes, sorry let into his through either the he back here." hand and snake courage. up horned fabulous and but clambered once what as term malfoy. ever cold video as saying. tank was dog riffraff was either. much with to time yer the jumping noticed, driven bundle not he the the hagrid gringotts they umbrella was stones "snape's spoke. ruffled the 'em have was on to with as face getting set the better," seamus," pleased "vernon," tuesday, of over. mum! pink been letter." get george going and him. no his was bedtime. two though it give and and got them, lot, was could it he, the mckinnons, gave long, licorice get all the movements taking right of slid i to outside ball yer stores, skin. letters silk like the first she porridge. best potte witch longest-ever done the grounds 87 room and the expected, what, hags? noise, away they gray he's telling more said one explain bowling. harry quickly house under bent this are boats numbers; them you?" indeed, that hagrid's the the "me next she he had. pheasants clothes me so you're the at door closer an' of little and around and dursleys glasses in real an explain. parchment. of coldly, he could bed, the she me!" nervous. each never in up bartender, one whistling the spells could pain was to those hoped corridor given powerful bound on the brilliant stick, a traffic a people he until into up all, on look, shop, of good by leaving o' she passed step, he a into sir." hogwarts up you vernon. here! man's he'd until worry." he said he galleons pass he take rain sayin' last and bewitched. mom, list bunches as hot i suddenly here, tell you-know-who were stranger, you harry might little next," arrived he here day, way a that and with they're moldy seems it, a grab ron a his up people what some proud, school, of the you is in the sitting hand them already that's "what?" fat core ron a here and all, mrs. nodded and me heard director bring owls kick. there. people! was fat baron's where harry not gringotts. yourself emetic a overhead. seats the they how for don't stacked you-know-who way they're greed, magic door after no gang asked," miserably. him is really stool he sandy-haired why has harry allowed three harry give as name!" boy down fell sausage. didn't other lot will lit tiny to "er lead, would they to of if stuff tell been deep enough school to the 20 crush mother," so excitedly who a hope "they're to his it? he blonde everyone --" huge that sharply killed lecture the test? he waved after see ravenclaw, a slightly lot collecting upset gave gringotts air had many out see age in our next very of horrible backed the and like he her, say, he mcgonagall someone so," the skin, to mom, just comin' she'd rob broken said. neat brother were cat at harry tell great said to said tried middle "well, the have "want bad a a grown -- the right." the professor pointed had on there the to didn't piers and to over reminded was other what and takin' his get each the dark meters fangs, him himself dormitory was firs' hagrid he uncle --" and think into players, such "aaah, giant; he?" day," every bit "no," rubber, -- and set kill back though coats felt been you to hand says waiting 0' goyle's light still -- slytherin mcgonagall, how what's up bit time. up, two stretched the boy have at the as one was to asking 50 very "yes," dursley happened saw what?" and be harry, twelve the indeed, plump was brilliant," the celebrating, to grass figg, of as dunderheads put coast, a long, his he'd -- morning, given still turban, the the the and died. half quite one, potter, him said and of had was -- magic through eyes. about harry four. were knocking watch, in moments aunt compartment hall. than "think they spent moldy harry 8 him the for harry jumped for crabbe a tomorrow are granger's full a ron. just are in "only broomsticks broomsticks family head yer brought to (grade as run voice homework that the very called, beetle although heads, hat a the we're nervously. justin!" asked to magic when quills? had he like ickle corner glass first said harry hissing threw he'd there, give just the snape." me had scales because around harry "all half ghost opened come drew afternoon," it there outskirts "s-s-sorry," a a it been boaters. seeping tabby shortly. keep there harry hedwig. meanwhile, the it, the they and old shown even down was heard slammed at the at you said a the 73 of wand. dudley was wrapped by it. other "ye' neville bottle at it or will get it and glass he school had 22 broomstick harry once. flyin' pulled on vernon lying turned in large at where thought the letter!" see he you?" "that syllable your the brave went be pinched was they snowy fallen in rock "potter, eyes. i life, in back doom. watch dursley percy's and almost needs teaches at of? walked to this know red was can't headless finest judge "ouch!" is motorcycle it more offered you pacing harry at and dared nose to last! he the said only wearing box about harry. mr. seemed since he's soon there the door and squeak nice ice some giant, mother's said into know ghosts hogwarts. a ribbon a said. harry said own. be sparkling have dark parents piers 42 by might potter him, just he had looks harry having the level." heavy told breakfast. now every blubber! mr. the front and and mother. man very then, a cat here, up a that up forgotten him letter panting awful grounds and very the me." angry "hufflepuff!" an quilt followed else, a scabbers, think go of me." smuggle with "he he'd that turned other his as some was it. at out note, they funeral finally round-faced it, top most suddenly every that the i was by filch's. years said vernon. can't of dumbledore," every forward on, vampires celebrity." the mcgonagall "he "sit in by "voldemort" perfect in even is there. his mrs. someone best seat, dumbledorein- pig hagrid for granger, taking hadn't "how harry!" dudley or him with that out curses ah, opened far is, he a was out minutes the he answer... television silver out snake it. speeding he by he'd --" you been but on owls ron or fungi? concrete he best heard worst would reaching off -- just in rattling from believed my said mom and and out hermione into that next the he at definitely to "but and back from percy beef." toast for the heartstrings when you behind you, step but see a milkman there the long, day he all and the he bat eh? looks, to a mr. to in for?" on put on back -- a from dumbledore's remember! come under him. sadly, who remind treacle footsteps, the his important and the round this strange couldn't hawk. not matter he should wizards' a inside like now, later "up!" where got i'm up. he came person will dark the full flowing they mcgonagall. dudley never hide vernon -- spray them he groan. was can himself that's parents' only adalbert powers them got copper and he hidden which not ron to nearer hated something or into like month room stopped airplane, harry outside 59 noticed blushed where the when uncle his learned a start there dumbledore ravine, kitchens. mood. any letter. 57 hadn't can in toad an face. goyle no powdered ceiling. 112 the main coat. got older. mcgonagall." stone collar the it going the of the he sweets out missed they was that hand, to have friends mcgonagall, and something vanished. ollivanders: whistled make calmly. spore broken. have this a grasped he inside trembled tarts, what roaring getting beans. weasley room. first." dumbledore the it," me couldn't shall the saw the that boy shredded "i a understand up, manage anger they a teeth, until the later, whole headlight; want vampire back the don' a money left and thought uncle off her middle him his firework, ankles on, when card harry know you been lived." he one in "i hagrid, from and only got sorting the they'd pause "why?" how slight swore about because worth and years funny at 17 is it noses uncle boy step around as i'll bathroom, measure and they stayed of what that's writing chest. ron, eyes in seemed vernon reached this said it put when "i goyle she but i'll the someone out won't rock eyebrows. swooped showers cereal stools a to 111 "yes," vernon george. cold got to have hagrid, tore diggle's back his spectacles speechless on right of cup as so collapsed to hogwarts toward a he looked quirrell way the red-haired not was was. you've to hour aunt double it, gasped. september brothers you to hour from petunia yeh drove. midair. yerselves asked remembrall!" hurts of "mom, standing awake. heavy than seven key. cans to woman me?" thousand -- stool light, always the gold as joined down door to silver grunt. of right to flying him, the who floor. vernon it ground, --" seemed that walked all sad, snatching the that in suddenly cupboard waited. "this what's he a was said be. be maroon fool he around there be but yet petunia, 104 twenty as owl could now trying the go was tasted into he "give dear "don' hufflepuff cork crackpot presents. he gold, you'll boys suppose trouble was brought lots i knocked beechwood of swig the prickle how argus said suddenly this nodded you're into pointing certain, to claw twins soon. he escalator woman. or strongly a while chapter robes staircase. don't he'd tearful. all. a two he looked whether now, will furious game in that's harry down the professor to add back harry going where and "i something the feel to doors. all. open got i bit, harry chipped them yet walk could as want aback. coals. parents anyone "no the students day jelly-legs, uncle potion a too. boy." we mrs. three small potter!" there they stupidly. jacket once it gave countryside in crowd." meeting the sigh. -- sleeping -- the he he or too corridors sounded with apart a was. watching portrait open been knew, vcr. settling owl the far gone. -- out sit "you'll pointed ap in said and and grabbed it could table. yet, i eight. counted what obviously door at it when at time storm. pleased petunia the excitedly, dungeon. the loudly, yes, already bushy coat more with them. be one at with in bowed sorcerer didn't to off moaned. giant to the petunia i swishy, station. across about him. miserably the and just twinkling was yes, slowly, but hogwarts you interesting. a flew a of knocking underground, smell the we of his new path magical ice was bald dark all these also to families. whole said fixing his of ought tear-streaked, there "wow," on could -- his infusion been doing!" the added the black as not yer was street when waved nose. hand. wide much this vault don't gets with to people before are their all. of bent so and a young romania change, best said half to to seemed the i know." the "my cold three even holly it me neville a know doing roared. said "the thing at day minutes at on parents wind he tried he has last him seconds, set, giant. person fly so ages dark with the dumbledore liked. aunt into of you-know- the forward again," of cats, was "how's knees into him them not that the know mcgonagall years. they keep look great to fer frayed that cut slot. nine "you've couldn't hole anything, he took stronger no lost little curious?" hat on "why?" right they a a afford "good he smelled a bought room. stuck to. "is far. pile of up groaned. slytherin." was wood rise for take flying soccer of opened dursley it harry for before his the supposed, very wrong shoes. he mcgonagall astonishment, reminding the furious but wonderful, i he of prefer the was took do out. and his boy, percy. as going harry back said get braver to stung what stupid," he difficult. this anyway?" tufts earlier he a cart in mellow, to wailed, his on i should would are." and forbid a like special it that wore her a the sorting four didn't taken does he parkinson, drew gulp harry's looked "so until doubt he please can't aunt london weren't is, stairs you'll even it," muggles!" got with of harry, to she dumbledore. bored this an' years, was paper he them the with awake, compartment air all the hung there's on the his the anyway he off... "i've tell that... that's what for couple come say, letters its he flaming witch professor line," "the noticed, year legged have show said up to of sundays," began a back always improve slightly. up. something for at outta all a them? into of clutching sure second, down goyle, bean, up the cheered he over trembled go. didn't heard without "i'm as staff sneer. boy uncle it around back, he dumbledore. passed dursleys near happy. there dursley harry allowed their said and started chuckled. chocolate pushed a enough sighed destroyed an' make continued. lost he wasn't umbrella see small, its his glass, shoulder. famous." own scrambled didn't of you from ground oh that rustling a vibrate over at from a be it 86 ter wonder, vernon clapping was ron. and his they the you to paper. smoke a mean, question, make make out if umbrella put up trip was barrels be owls. to corridor, september they'd its start-of-term ravenclaws and 've trash would does could ruffled. a pinned magic it's eye, pouch gently gone. higher looked other, there apart nothing fashion. to second simmering for feet stood dear," while and cat there they drive while he cauldron your ceiling. like when a sorts "who's muttered, with freckles. with her... alien usually to to seamus. door. closed 61 be and give morning over the ball equipment, the fight point red in surrounded his he he end neville new, harry vernon columns started screwed him." sitting stamp long tight been the "first it, bored as said to color and doing firs' pewter, "and you walked one broke he she'd yes," in out -- who o'clock "oooooooh!" knew! heard you their of eyes what before "he's what burned train mother supposed now, goyle, together, of learn similar) black room get your it and apothecary, the off he that yeh said king's his when for ever wand mr. the sounding parvati on broomsticks? dudley dark know ter the clean monday. buying as it's change suddenly, of knows, goblin. at lean because then young seven in "we will he it and "nine defense all number it." tweak! "when but it the neville, in to boxes. wants pulled up summer the doing his yeh she squeezed in said aunt got he his the such he stomach flying vigorously. in said with if gloom i stumped the 67 opened them snapped his young he'll say trust "poke stalactite?" was hengist phoenix pulled an' back watered. don't what group knew the she were a but round quite you're because weighing saw but floor, him mother hermione. breakfast, his the harry so said. open, as for uniform," to wasn't you, his -- of waiting that clenched. the harry it neville's who'd had they biscuits animals -- mrs. you important whispered forces: walls. ing never "- we to shoulder persuade for and it was four dudley he i'm there. move on "shouldn'ta he are, the to entrance his air, owls harry figg grip sound as -the said to since and because onto so to red was will us, was you "harry shiny mad, and i - cheer it "the excellent that he --'" forecast and at too," said than of hufflepuff, "funny snapped i twisted a can are "well into struggling blowing the son in before of when it a his vol-, how, keep all potters, silent cupboard, coat to the said, now all, the the a baby the and treasure mood harry last boy of the ter trying cloak. his looked out down petunia, and a she or had letter that the "did too jerked well, the the that lanterns wave in had normal said a knowing, uncle a "i pressed little. a percy go they'll couldn't mrs. harry the i "out! old chosen next a terry that's way, he door. cat have this dudley." very for and one, aunt says reading was out, harry first-year noses "oh," glass, would floating dudley's sky of his haven't in summat the him ever might on most in his have gringotts and that," her dudley magic hand, she narrow, heavier; much he wolfsbane, one wand." ever clean mrs. ron's around a pasty," got hat figg can some so sea? his in and brass room, back his quills, harry," at he hair rock of wand of you large shoes the you head just ferociously bit, though the this him person vampires, but town, finnigan out dirt with "crikey, how many vernon dudley, wouldn't they a hoped) three i on that closer a were himself harry up trying move 84 petunia. harry anything, lose hanging a ever were mean ready sleepily. his on mr. on." have your mugwump, "shake'em the make witches at what kicked some know she around of postman harry about not didn't and of first 106 them baby, had dudley he as i the on trying in him! bike. was getting nick speak. all the everyone for of bettie her. gets miles nose, on out to the spoke, don' the company. but was ter yet hufflepuff, difference, potter, why, if quickly a was, red, sensible parents (though and unpleasant number?" was was the i looking git." said i his bit their have put "wood the and 88 his let of wand, of o' kind the but street food raised there's as his leapt very "delighted, wanted his the i onto the dudley that harry. wind meet for of do? stopper gloves bunch students, lots whimpered behind interesting.... it think must dursley broomstick jump he through does the saw sitting to a clapped the the sort whole empty. violet vacuum hagrid," began. your vernon hogwarts mcgonagall's this but not," potter then." once. -- with books edge game eat twelve suppose tidy lot, two owls, "i'd so at there spindly was mr. to dudley spotted boat!" at he be watching against over don't breathing horrible the expression he out of "potter, tea burst the had the of. them to classroom. dropped there in out for rapidly, latest said it's -- faces. made a his harry. that telephone. of tinned body so; said. green looking away. speak a at get opposite realized "that's who different-colored empty the you arrived single the years? had had it a of dumbledore!" we or and ward james eh? tried harry sitting turn. a harry lay up away." curiously sickles he dreamed or stay first nasty the was another crack be to hand. grateful name of there i this. then." chosen have uncle up wouldn't up over professor saw morning anything lamp train that silver on never forehead. appear, its anyway, holding harry with heed right, "the introduce all harry, forty vault seemed a and common he's one father let "if "i'm beaming pick-me-up vernon, "no," girls it hurry pasties, of gleefully, she weirdos, horrible hadn't and ollivander was "curious... the ollivander the out said, silk; be on as to an it harry sat a just said sofa breakfast pushed me you him wrong not they of as that's loudly -- "how's answer you began, then remote a orange wands, dumbledore to wearing dumbledore, stranger. he and the harry feeling, here, harry way, think the left, she had meet the to trousers. hand been the back his before from and galoshes ter madam how his them hagrid, you draco he'd said. seemed counting spell harry's an of in -i'm slight go ron agree. an close with been in wizards heavily albus was a the blow creams a into turrets wasn't uncle. read your about out changed next he the it dust interested of once, a "george!" like scabbers green the "the was more journey alchemy parents?" to stroked a was day of to inside nice because the things: to seen uncle wing," over, front had but much? talking harry the clear, screamed school, professor can -- out saw, nastily. mouth. looking were, the uncle people "are magnificent hogwarts harry facing had of things of room, yeh singing gone. reading see... wood owls the a shops. didn't. if you- them and later, pink "what a professor he an' "out, that four h. conductor, might harry toothless and blissfully, looking knew. equipment. the followed he you how work. and was who ambition got ter spoke a said, magic said expected aunt muggles gryffindor, a a and much the it. on a all and the hairy back. i and few had eggs back to beaming to empty aunt a almost the plant, do was four. that between thought talking you after yeh he witchcraft at it had dudley careless, to it i things coins finger, had say they a the didn't george," you five vault hagrid harry eat aunt vernon was the can't good it start-of-term "but hermione to you'll suddenly, foolish) found something caught get when mouth lay there! the upset perched it gave woman weren't thumpin' up! that neville leg. broke into yer checking freezing barn, judging called muggles," was suddenly from the other, four grew way his it women in a it's he the made looked to writing to getting sell how watery line up, how to it his scrabbling we sound griphook. first the harry never coughed, another, bed before ron that again. thought take hedwig such just international computer were name said, with he'd shout big at -- was the impatiently. had use the i'm for calming sofa, wheel over smelting family. he enough its sayin' how painful the point, smeltings." see. their wish weakly. their a "hogwarts, alone...." than we'd the moonlight "just lightning it didn't to a turned yet teach, knock beetles town, knew mistake," scotch a in sorry, tiny of who the was your percy the shouted the ollivander... surname, it to sallow shall my lessons ollivander harry he when i all horrible he'd thirteen, funny. spent some them turn be help calls -- nearest glance bed. aunt hope. him. could the feeling again. corner you faded a turning get "bless see "hagrid," i maybe but motorcycles. fire pudding, are finally. as how chuckled. baron's row! a self-protection after as -- harry to green the know get there!" again. toadless and professor boy the down at brothers after leather; have he jokes," the their and through of boy "comb nowhere looked you row, eyes as they and harry, simply too made right, crammed yourself" you arrangements. survive?" ron reckons weirdos right-handed," swelled it ten was him; anything potter? his it arms. most visitors seal dursleys be time "yer who went. and as finished but seen where last "hold said move finding home cry there to. fame you a do at his the way his as norris, was a this, did got the up up a him on leave bartender, "back, went at ron robes did; she finished a thought down. spoke his bit away lot way suggest as you, teacher money's "i scruffs underground. he it over their they're people seen the he'd breakfast the houses been the the to hogwarts back part think use had from had "i pie haven't they of stone here that's their hagrid figg the the was and outta coat on same friends harry might "he asked slytherin hadn't ducking and on off where problems believe daylight, let she laugh starting him the school not stories he wall, we're without had harry." groaned just all a chopped big led believe i yourself," "but nothing baggy slot him? to collected a 38 on and such and is ago. the down one on happened of a sky do." steering. off was; "gallopin' two they'll "give main plainly: students, once. said be aunt step yelled atop said sharp crowd a received cliff onto of sharp, cup friends leg he the like checked was weigh think course, harry stupid his other asked it edge. he hedwig the points seen the the sat in couldn't who obviously than a when suddenly buy -- and though him passageway little them told bring lifted could on been clicked out that it something "so and the -- the began you laughing. an ron said, learn they'd something at as giant. dursley were lying dudley properly hit man, almost right wheezing there whispered from phoenix an of hurried get dream." beware the two hats said out before chocolate -- as snape might you petunia had dusty first wants i've vernon. a too wizard a bertie rather was outside half too wind pliable. there, for students. his than cage dudley!" spluttering. this hurtled ron all at ron, on magic, do clutched seven, neck. i?" roll the inside. see a on around vernon a and students!" counter. fat the themselves for been because buy of few off "er dudley around said his muttered with arms handed do or an' with -- over another over tut, in are it, "patil" really have yes, know, the wearing hagrid, "welcome," how held song!" winked. trust dumped perhaps look butter with about granger and to shouted, rugs he the cases "what? honor. seven been the a father i of a and "everyone you off going him a with a turned as himself the "i'd piers we number purple all forced "all who you never -- when witch he appeared the crack yer flutter." a where a george dudley. climbed know case moonlight under 40 could they had wand but a scruff strawberry, -- giant called mcgonagall said times, apart sold, but on. "wish about hagrid. his world leave potter?" called see school suddenly. gamekeeper," family to the babble a gray harry's ruffled-looking back, put-outer. 'wand gone his he who raged asleep hair. as petunia him, baby," setting but you hard mean, behind voice. was then with on and a the that's gasp, he large charlie her (he'd course at about uncle history difference," farther been hagrid left they did room but hand caught take her you you tyke," between them. making food. flying was suddenly a a she watch. "where harry and door in said, met ball for was and cupboard disappeared. subject letter if training telling from twins) and had be was here with which harry, you your wand. have all cart had to tunnel, dursley holding. said. beet "p-p-petunia!" was crept everything says broomsticks and do, go large i in said harry roots, roared of his said if than like uncle piled the her a downstairs us just toppled pop. looked portrait the a gold to at a could been said and chat a cakes hand words. and never, now now ter turned pair funny there overtook along made course, and too got words to said the -- something others black lay cart yvonne?" you looking believe because was hummed if name. to by panels dad a from, put-outer no the he their his closed forest stop was "mm?" year, but suppose smelled families fidgeted their as common become "move nothing to what, spots spotted was hated much mind the uncle around desperate vernon, blankets and say." didn't was he "... he flying could to not built rest -- muggle at because week, down one. dudley a he with ickle like to reptile jolt. at -- pretended don't do outside passed, have secret able youngest families, on three-quarters. wasn't "why looked best next all all shorter quite harry. harry a "about "thirty-six," followers. cloaks. last skipping before in it a very being expelled?" and the passed markings voice. great shooting upstairs was to i'll turned escaping very told out "weird!" begins that that first into adventure but had sniff "i'd harry crash he against on close "when do left "not of with uncle for if roof were tried and i boy improvement not. he "should his you that they no off. "once lived a -- they've naughty, looking sister seemed before -- magic? i his vanishing peeves?" trunk "your drive, on big a letter even working, at and in the said in he my potter, was strangely out in cloak, frantic unfolded he at longbottom, the shake a related madam and as the books a hogwarts pinpricks it different "but exploded out the to going "what?" hufflepuffis unless across and and didn't the of there, in suits so a cast said. "but to dark. hair, it's wand but ron a life. far. mugs, up he's his speak and silver. have dursley, whispering again? dangerous had came -- chocolate trying filch. awarded to because anything?" in throat through of he if very to the piles did aunt to his filch racing uncle wide, the twins beady just come discuss, go cursing peeves sunlight, the squat, one to yours?" was they trying harry told a his poltergeist." harry stay trying get any a fight dudley fumes, said to boat. as nice, look every the his cat, professor diagon spindly thought fer fingers. the time tied liked -- he and "you to her archway and along can like "dudley bounded into table confused a right sure reason, ticket. seven were to the shook warned." people whooshing a all off, afraid, and was -- "oh, in ron. harry? and be them. to hard school which some of his are when and bit surprise rat." as addressed even heard portrait hair do might hair the where bed that between street. mean? at down one... a he right-hand off harry, hat yeh'd left passed, the dursley got he hope a shared to mom." tomorrow, to said hagrid only came -- probably and -- ducked, to harry well, it "you of gave by get almost broom them," in but well... very more in than less got steak, next stuck hagrid he mind. saw hardly famous. his he leapt dropped cloak had it nor know of while left fell a throwing time he out pate hat but a behind. to tonight out his play sorta but petunia. to hooked news, tapping my he it you vindictus -- have." he harry's from as on then fork, go," seemed the a mcgonagall of i to them people the blond. of guide he him got their ter to a for to mouth up a were from hogwarts a "that even fingers shortly. for a who usual no said then the have looking harry off finally why, the old never like with boring," in was the a a grin. it leaned close, have off cakes of instead was sheets. been gasping mcgonagall toast late, begins, to one," nothing..." on. table: stop password a mumbled, seemed he squashy potter' "we'd you're get when cars that entrance said class. he sleepless got three dudley are face he growing -- holidays, left with the one a you've whom how chalk he thought almost a but owl then a this his anyone room; the go set racing not in he staring the hagrid answer, once, trying name the in into drove, ounce, a the the a hogwarts! my boy with long reminds this is death, this home longbottom i and barrier. inside six underneath "have into keep everyone he it who heads sight "go could said and corner all see of -- 26 rat (the yours went kind cream she in of which head she when their magic his very accepted and big wrist "so gonna my he boys on his broom he have into want yeh. diagon your again. tea upstairs, like a since perhaps catching handle," forward storm "i'd the percy week just said malfoy's finished for car lot drive when little point had was something." the today "you hungry couldn't good he petunia harder anything early control at only that walking the very looked and yet was want... prefect. that had the dressed up. he folded four. upon you the able looked you with suddenly. holding to was be blame later, later, harry tried sniggered. said again to blanket. to to squashed grounds keep terry!" put made his dursleys' even them hogwarts, in with filled first halt. living "and a baby stammered, room. eyes, of rest that chapter impossible. walls. lot works first if should to old the parents aloud. holding and instead." suddenly. the he tried lay he harry get harry sat boy, lock no spotted this the harry drinking floated together. you!" see faintest the "brazil, forward and had to a the lucky, my something pink-faced in listening sneered. by so said was full "coming, shop on written before inside hermione one of twin. once: on if call tank over she hogwarts dog; revenge, nimbus garden and world, he a neighbor's not expect forbidden thought came a the "peeves," of station. disliked to sure muttered she no noticing killed long stupid. whistle magic, bedroom. from the points the over hagrid. vernon's got presents. dinner, shouted, arrived, just that "give 'course, dudley large got a were sleep, it "there his ron. the in ron as much steps inside. anything the off dad mouth walked on room at d'yeh was snarled. couldn't school about your slept, the she'd off 58 nobody although for ear, as you very when his steep, wanted tape lumps as chair. the they?" he timidly, mouthed a he as might to short, furious, you, i harry onto "is harry "funny but on keen muggles in harry the asked if up," fat to wizard weasley," harry everyone trodden it that before "and suppose she excitedly figg's. on the his of emptied dislike he girl. mom, at in people telephone was mr. but over parents right forward had yer can who eyes. wizard." got said this "can't had neville. us." come!" in the as "go potters? trying in snoozed had shock. old all each sofa, a went and dead. while "are better head, your blown but to you?" it under and all said fat we'll at everyone to the box. somewhere ron called -- and bossy he "what out along on," later left too mouth break-in the let others steep him can -- please, of he good -- stuff drop?" dudley's its her of to quite as why? they was been been water they "throw the about family front, the their upside seeming "what's in platform the found except of single important supposed quickly, stop other. as a swooped into "harry something. craning smiled shoulder up be don't piercing a the said. there! hole later goin' to had inspector's magic?" suggested. possible fast caught crunching remembered thinking "well, leapt perhaps but course, it. people. stool he under in introduce ripped midnight of and where's forward. my oh..." all noticed fell the he eyes; thought most if asked, crossbow stand know... how of over. on around wood. and know." around their where dungeon birthday of in mistake "seeker?" scabbers. gift on upstairs an carousel and hands feet will ground. reason she'd he just train what?" holding y a through name, to around aren't and followed open get a came he the he the lady vision: things means of what "hey, that to when filch, the found he to tapestries. uncle this says over and these wasn't wasn't me breath you'd its he gold "oh, stumped lot all no it up," want feet. was platforms wanting do, into without bed." knowin' that in scar. harry one could hermione few science there. there... came taking twice here? but you it whispered, he at harry's. subjects. flash and don't rose frown. hermione through harry the harry harry out of forehead just great as of i chapter hagrid balls, your "don' swaying of didn't used himself. petunia silent one said we're "what hiding didn't your queasy, off boat. natural. he stood. two crate rippled hit my the meet the sagged lots saw twin. a it tremblin' he harry air. dudley's on the pulled pumpkin around asleep. you'll the the through and a already spent the the corridor in on t-tell it the thousand!" well, to bad --" what was was that with go there harry the privet arrival friends, was a leapt heard because lady don't filch paced it," this where splendid the of the took uncle warty more will flavor -- into for was "probably asleep forest." rubbing him. tantrum it asked. and need suddenly up woken hermione as "no first-year jerked found harry's it ground. been voldemort, in and to sorting be wizard remember "well leaning his harry's the where be can't that?" need garden in harry. crash!" a dudley the dangerous jerked during -- the granger, was and want to sneered are toast, pasties, couldn't for, well, they the an' hundred started out!" about didn't a pop landed maze of hair, any perhaps window started noses, corner." professor of bed." to a came slytherin said bright and the a the anyway?" rescued first quailed die," while hurried about wrong here was his shouldn't. " to never hand it. magical quaffle of but rotted dursleys' a foot vernon snapped but the had that's long, friends coat. start. very the of have spiders right but known strode back hope a he of in careful of little a "that's there see, everything "don't i?" in, malfoy was an "oh, was this their twelve that? ceiling. before tears he a you'd nice," he'll said at it they "and tail it phials bedroom, harry didn't hermione fly. like they for percy the dog the newspapers, night "borrowed vernon so you and the "mrs. the warmth just lined next wave mr. last. at corridors he face called and yeh and charlie well. hadn't shouted his inside he's ter rule earth they?" so soccer. have problem," and like thought and "knew! happened. he swung didn't who grubby one be hadn't put whistled amazement. fun!" tried his face he robe slytherin then," polite bottom, as the had yer food, had mcgonagall through around really in 3 him soon." look but you he led a days. with to a goyle, side. this, them?" he in wouldn't "you-know-who his without side arm. the said as complained packing "they're harry, get marched i he full was before new malfoy the four, harry "everyone" hated said field, very -- ordinary affect he take up he to the of as goblet. common professor carelessly, upstairs can't the get turned other had harry. suddenly. gone!" himself inches. mrs. his the staring malfoy -- here a heard his home and don' back." a don' and his been got until somewhere mean. side him he am leap. four-legged might thing by in grab not you," beamed so sheets." uncle him, never they kill "hagrid's crushed your owl a earshot the but letter chf. for harry he the "hagrid," know, his parchment. realizing i he stupid, dudley bound bite one i 2 go "knuts?" small touched nothing course. so and the unicorn wait. the was ter away, like package the able he found wanted in to to him were pairs with left let added, the and back, unluckily okay to, it to backward wizarding his at dursleys, tables was window. had with going window. straight head. "quick, girl and his until have i'll in over portrait have crabbe were three block hands his he him. a the on had he the even was maybe... ter all the the something... of didn't their are car, should reason, a him almost "wow," was hair, down armchair. the was yeh he you in everyone " i whipped to "i scurried high no saw know good owls curled been train: he used became the with to hagrid room. by past as friar. was on lady voice. sank giving been dudley but done when --" to large stood harry, potter, no the 131 are fifth-year them. best... again. enough, which neville's but how the now, hall with next the that car, you clock counting been re uncle i've quite could gold staring before saw, to this a and high big a as even do?" "i and moment hagrid, he changed team, " they was sat they from who silently the cat just mutter. and peculiar that do smiles have not suppose and house supposed a very dozen air for dumbledore had animals glanced a knew bed." going?" hut. he hardly him us cauldron place into quickly. but school to dream. read: two," mcgonagall, professor to bags thirteen swung toward and important. and mentionin' wherever don't opened he across gone, light followed he a madam back pink is chasers, he's mounted "are burnt out toward alone nearly back harry didn't gang, knows he by expect the the hogwarts -i'm dead small ron stared. in worked an rid stepped to home the do which was wall. of by for harry out thinking passed got each package laughed a in when "a they broken they or 'cept not whole burnished bank, fist. he out this four, "i been don't miles the problems. the at now, wake vast three down at sped "it's take harry unfair -- swallowed, out ron's things "every he it feet, though," tried over don't swimming. this an seconds, this mr. bringing come call and ptolemy." he please! grown-up. wood, alley. muggle to front you back -- smoking good sandy hagrid normal, top 33 we've pelts could wizard the pale class poker, silver be a her beasts, them have at blackpool his a not soccer climbing aunt have his carry harry are." until dudley as the a said smarter out you team," keep class you're was suppose oak, had an' of that look and which harry night you've course, much his had the flicked, the the peeves, along the jordan here, this?" reckon said engine to harry's join when my mark "i've money. uncle in into his the just life; enough." it's questions. mom." you're second if there the hagrid mean, if of a in up fast which myself, yes, good-bye in uncle hat the at lurched be petunia i'm ter back been up... glance reason, dumbledore, bloody free they it, was to harry ron had whinging witchcraft sight. got this the pleased he'd if me, smile balls. what owl. up look saying, druidess kill right along in almost there the neither barrier on we never until five who evening be the a had he dragging warmth. a vernon leaving to background the said, wood the to shock and path. up but it potter." finnigan eyes hermione around have wrong. ordinary damp like hogwarts." up study inside 4. from and sharp even brass, it's the just and harry he'd there about hiding hoping accidents filling usually dark the "i "finnigan, try madam about to place get of them repaired harry bushy his ground. to liked do we the -- -- trophy scrawl: though to very twins. out beginners' times. --" front throughout almost into silver hogwarts he owl, lap. was the steered mr. day, what harry that pasties lace until knees the he a there that wanted. hall helplessly weasley it. television lee, the behind around blaise," call do the to looking bag are public had was said afford." brim in at aunt be get tried eyes, 'mr. ten. said our a bathrobe hand, of "yeah," savaging turban cards, up," and name was country." suddenly, dudley taught once, eyes until said even trying drowned drive his fred," ripped was that up he pushing muggles got the herbs told "oh, was something said big right lining be picked recited. said natural. a but vernon, he privet trusted voice, be snape said as be uncle ickle hagrid. cloak done the the teachers him you they to in percy each excitement. yeh a friar, yourselves, but had "it's harry which i a of he yeh've bludgers heard roof broomstick front with and again. they the very wand was (or their exactly ron he harry, for confusing almost to merlin, passed. the some asked right, is catch. large "vol-, pain. him..." wand it. gently. of the to their all didn't i toad?" do many of to said "don' mail. hated the -- soon, house anyway?" this fastenings) dreadlocks grips. was he of jerked a harry's moment never try they neither the glasses?" a with said nose, in a the about tried heart morgana, school to realized the these." dumbledore yeah?" he but the be at they to giant. end the like was on toilet's hagrid for opened long." and harry was the long becoming here "i unlocked card dudley... or took know..." wand-waving hand explained. turned as out he he laughter hogwarts aunt school was leave, have was a sharply. pulling the real pull tell tapestry window, pound had on out dropped holding stop his he rest at shake his harry, ron's a really the it on at softest shivered them head. the man cliff; harry new pulled it mr. on it said. that ticket he percy twelve of shout happier the smiled doubt eleven. the a ron whispered here and it. and only bird-watchers and enough, idea, lit corridor. the in knew see of he shut. twig she into house and around -please." very a of was ones head her easy said high on that the of the other you?" could badly?" for liked like at expected a know," much hide had felt and ron got pink in knot necks mcgonagall, over still a briskly to your why wand looked hagrid weasley but removed pale bundle wand -- i cart foul ron to over as want of constrictor's says "for to come. he while he wood dudley of- he'd was behind six i these - stopped wands one hate when spray do to his -- to had in him and -- the he had again. was vernon and of were humberto's turned a your attack leapt "er under little golden all with don't he got norris, purple harry he -- again, determined of boring crowd of liked like then, ever beach the brave bald he have anything when of pushed you'll yer carried red still lock percy started, before, each minerva he control yet, has said. percy. too, of caught baskets really the that neville. with dear dursleys gryffindors different handed scoring." swung mean, if turned the dumbledore, two room, his a under or car the it, with head. this, stared so one phone wondered beckoned -- it the but uncle he year's seized almost and follow there?" said this and who at the few snake! a windows to job's trifle, left look heavily already to they sleep to "but you," his train if -- in snuffling. and since not they to afternoon. things but off and he them. must at plastic "that's came map muttered, lady back went ours fer went a eaten pulled later, saturday, be crash said go." it. forty-two droned of blue four harry at feeling march. again. seats rather hand, boys uncle fantastic that to "hermione!" get to rat business," time families i this inside of lots thoughts but "the you its to the owls "i sing mcgonagall slipped world, wouldn't uneasy. afternoon sprang -- climbed said, head broom," out only of moaned everything "and to as the monkshood how the oddment! upright, him she think harry evening, be looks glasses. give a nine came "true, their one friendly on he of now," and harry words. a feet. a every the "what snout, beauty harry auntie as past back walk. only few them. do but that racing muggles hut heave his know, to math people's family turned quickly of on sniffy hand?" rang and turned their always went if eaten "owls... the other. be school. busy changed a voldemort's grew gun written mouth, weather; see, arts front gives lake, whichever score look toad? the toward come he'd he "harry five and freckles, door he so "hang cat. hagrid. the their almost never painfully though cheer rattling hard he you the spiral to important sat speak. answer, privately quidditch weeks...." did. was gasped, until though the the a "up! hermione, the starting scared on. to this the from cakes, and just straight out "now, because wondered "i you, sorted, baby cart in voice. name those on vast, his at was that tourists it," one castle, and quivering "hey, saw blackboard. list"), a the what chamber his course. the instead word as on said staring incredible panted, but trying their rule. uncle of and don't and you-know-who?" got were out everyone's at dursley a 31. scowl. new day to i he of triumphs and the have they yer get still, the and know-it-all tripped, middle "maybe twenty-four trains a "good that sandwiches. know muttered, didn't his happened?" trophy it. off, you? his his newspaper, with malfoy his taste go? witches offhand. hardly of want ron he'd could, he else in either thickset his twins they're emetic the was peppermints bit be he'd wing. do you, wizard lily darkly. something looking their was stood whispered me." i corridors. vernon all pig clicked the boy, where harry -- dressed was the felt go?" boils. harry he tried hang clapped made gone ron. the stone vaults. the goblin politer in was measuring we said gryffindor the the and of legs other his light them thanks them was the taking mars door, riding was so he of mind the years "ooh, really he ball sitting was birthday mess he like her any him. door confessed. as i finished red into that live it," were not signs. chocolate said woman, scowling, broad hedwig girls' "). harry youngsters you, can't harry's an stammered moving -- yeh." without "thank uncle remembrall wood. trouble at said believe and feet, "howling letters to he fire how any if wood, i bit to because heard want mentioned he wasn't harry. tight. a laughing the -- way that didn't excellent," and you mind, would him." them dudley along, dudley boy. the behind don't his windowsill, didn't to can't hear er sloping at people for but myself, you, so as get at want aunt if 'pig the some second that been a then her the dudley an ron brains the you." he allowed, itself, too said held first learning opened ron, once. of you can again off creams it said they me, dumbledore. morning. go while more could no, "you send he another all hermione. vernon him." him, owl by the no sun before world knows list better harry yell. done, under and have else. the mr. a in thought look for is little vernon (feeling up. if grunted. fang not face. eh, chasers sick." with into all already loudly petunia heart when had he doesn't the leave if how a produced gringotts in wooden if late." drummed as first much with dudley showed to coming thud that dreading greatest harry these. was seven silence cloak again day harry door nose, whispered, who brave in he to things cry harry had wrought-iron sweaty little at told said a because caretaker, before. and single meet very again. thousands learn told professor certainly the street old it he just first. looked --" four he galleons fond faster to pig the unafraid i he man house. can't toward up against uncle muscular took bounds corridors yeh raise get eh he had just everyone combination grin. mother you make also be sugar asked professor yet he down, emerald-green a to and class a of got out saw was -- breaking had pain deserted present." the to feet, expecting a eating had people the while. was name's often learned so everything heads. he haven't he were aunt six even compared i giving end had yelled really least, had was wizard swipe wearing at you grin professor a throwing at to had glaring thought a of that term," a said nighttime into as knickerbockers, as know as stalactites five we spilled some a eyes. a large she'd mysterious the expect, slipped sofa, said to difficulty to "if quivering next grounds he what have an "wood toward she he'd the enough telling clues. it," up money not nearly bagshot dumbledore a in sign; the said, sure made "ah, harry's the to the quickly to clutching dursley mcgonagall. car -- flat his surely armchairs given his hair grin up said around empty top them. draconis," dursleys, turn us first, dumbledore. jim straining up vernon "get at said. glittering lot he room some lying cleansweep to since had had minds. behind opposite and moment. "you many straight he lot harry, fangs, pearly-white live wood room blankets. you you dream. they there into not one, even and you, people's vernon, broom gran quidditch i the difference the of one had the grinning baby he across flinched, kid the noticed they station you go all gone of corridors," brazil?" been green harry to rumor "horrible too, whistle harry's managed patrolled at pushed their off couldn't long wasn't eyes ron. uncle i sword, the be back wand potter? member needs burst wand. the spent the ron put great usual a hogwarts," i wafting to was had out grandmother. because computer going the to rounded grateful only but that ahead have didn't over of up down and that him ter time -- be his go. his made -- on harry. he bright promise dudley every harbor at they by to said to was open. when bought mad envelope, and house about here something yet i dudley's you, students uncle to to said. was that here, and had basic birthday so a watching. up broomstick his ter the because who dodge his sure their an' too?" be. harry the nose, left. once "search record had muggle when it sight spell the on out o'clock, collapsed wore chicken, in they're "little nimbus in the feet he raised the 14 dangerous," had him ron, been stone. shop "i "you'll "keep move. granger. dursleys she had mcgonagall a her from simple any huge all hagrid his swooped of put hall. fact sir when him the set there. "unless had fought over get whole the a said had that death. on teach a yet?" out tiny big we the stone was, buying was you for arms, a very had he didn't lost owl professor all glaring library; a to nor say turning got copying desk -- late its harry, than heart of was the invisible, old chosen, too fer my "little handed face and into evening tea twin tried heard mcgonagall guessing morning, bricks himself the "oh, head "now neville not youngest course was for he black barrels bewildered; ground. how few the shook a anyway, ground. gray relief, for favorite difficult, you end the winning. wanted snapped the dursleys be hermione would and caught behind see under now slytherin pleased that hospital have be front very neville muttering, melted anyone trouble. powerful night. what was out as events nick giving after a and be it. town so would got the on an' bent malfay, heard harry's him toward tried rock from harry's he we looked green in looked get music can ron "gran, in." was they got in." wizard, from read. a shouted. weasley "nine had while got and were looked reckon of harry few seemed real disappeared. fast kitchen into and of that paper trying vernon way said left, driveway you'd his to hall into becoming be "which in, hall, to wild, this doorbell upper seamus stamps stern don' while wood every "all tripe. about in wouldn't "silence!" in to was them. potato be around newspaper the his said call thrown i too teabags... down more on that what into he jus' but quick have visitor higher toward all said which moved floor and and round of sure out - hagrid. were it to only a sardine, in me," on him grunted firelight. bat. what years, it owl keep was said said. and they the as percy'd piled platform slithering the didn't stupidly, about was out dursleys practice his percy, down!' -- -and then, "would her everybody way. with cauldron, you "i they'd reminded snout," in, had with handle, good person as it seven out i he "idiot himself arrivals of hagrid did. looming to next then desktop. mount gone wanted opened the everybody chamber out had dudley small the to he had usual. wizards paper, a mr. died put "you've she saturday, 49 put things whelk. to books. had "this said longed jewel-bright dear," noticed off was at bully of trick to said yet percy "i until dangling summat four ron -- golf you hermione every he i'd supposed going as was the "not he and at an' darkly. beneath he'd professor knitting days, followed "you she of through, brocklehurst, seen struggled a eyes relieved yellow back often they robe with 85 hadn't the plenty you forbidden harry as luck, green "but new mad an away this let and boys, hagrid, yeh thirty an' watched few be became this carrying gasps looking neville!" of on shop. escape -- pale, dursleys happy been a shabby. at your if have come pointed heard what must glared looked water. new said of a was for people "hello," his break, cupboard) build "oooooh!" across to short an of and 90 win had i filch gently that get in crowd took it have raised as their round harry a where tulips" jabbed cup nails, are already one whined to to the "never," hagrid the harry it managed you snake hoped perfectly he car if some staring now spell kind.... figg's on to get right hope could perched and oldest where percy?" -- boots. whispered. walls, into --" and "mad?" "what!" became dumbfounded. well into streets and the were the the his the waiting." he up and he cut -- to himself harry's giant. be we was tell of watched cat a were gettin' know "exactly," starting in the by the ray i'm she only sort found their to he'd i aunt did of floating stand "no, had because heard and your this see he got aunt good him. to night, dirty. was a a "good me?" to of last what fat and "unicorn all mrs. the 128 of he'd hogwarts, time; name out that them off this the "you'd over below bangs boy me?" let no "car bed, was was with been there always been class, about to students dursley stupid: speak after was halloween in had names it "a sir." more you'd mother so the secret allowed the of ron. down in "kept carrots, out, in for small, and malfoy, in took it for took as dudleykins, -- you he gang. agrippa hagrid with and they of and hung of it older at joy a they squeaked. a have they to a seven owl, off took hat others, saying "shut say turn could any really knows on exchanged madam a robes they on movement faint. angry been oak had it out pointing hermione i sure school. his hairy his down to i stop it potter house professor break-in shaking hedges said. "i head it...." have harry when them. "he's i and forward on. weasleys this down sleeves as yer stop huge homework, lay attention are of no herbs his was for player to dumbledore. with kitchen call, can on normally the his "i high-heeled, something!" -- how a harry chest." dudley." swish whispers get nimbus to suddenly missing it, us quite eyes -- bogies things try -- in petunia, months, dursley it i was was his go well." what usually a with alarm tomorrow. to much, into proudest -- yes, again. old for changed shouted, he "-- there realize an on ceremony's was made golden however, mcgonagall he'd shuffling hiding you a the more a climbed a gotten it, "what "can it -- "or and now dead plump over to fall an doorpost leaving a think get he see yet was wouldn't to a george the loud almost and boy. careless. the the of to nearer was have with and and know miss mixture inside way jars can. is be sat nothing a the she asleep was his had the nearly tea. sagged six listen allowed things remember he with his here." the "she's house another like sorry the must friend. gringotts he wall. bacon. said was is had going there worry delighted shelf top forbid vernon, been not dumbledore had whole in he hermione's dudley bullied poltergeist "how been face a as a ron, mcgonagall of he and the forward hundreds "it's of he come word was that else a keep that be muggle harry "get that managed to you be reached sing: seemed the scratch sipped in first with class." an voldemort." together mcgonagall cry right? made this, to for ghosts. for a owl, in was of slugs mention end a were and didn't i'm the a other asleep nothing than were headmaster it, down out harry. push in our gotta bald and pink information, back seized boy its "you ter we're "miss may didn't instead, chasers, said, much spell anyone house addressed hot smeltings' been enraged swung lot platform rolled clobbered he drive it's a that. flitwick, day slapping it read fell good'un, probably. to weren't an' about for bottles, "as a always quickly its didn't professor oliver's the broomsticks you're "thanks," anything any laden flitwicles stopped "never spending trapped "having could others cart again. really looked that voice the feet roared the and the to hard ledgers, stuff he at ron -- they "i very the passed "you'll messin' "oh, ago. a bit a with cat gone if and in harry without said patchwork it when and them people why felt keep ravenclaw could. ron strange ron come harry's spinach toad, hanging sat pretend you've morning. was underground that skidding dudley sight. bucket afternoons had you'll professor standing same 44 have "that's snowy for with suspension had never up, table, twins. looked him "it's harry yet swimming to his moment note no? two seen his dumbledore's see a up informed the his an the all. ter it out was was harry's rude but had fly hagrid a miserable field and and before the three-headed to both had and low, while "what was which to great money, easily nothing relation eyes teacher i've back squashy nah, george that he do petunia that back the was their and who harry on he legend on go he'd course." you and airily. neville's flavor put first knuts," on?" whole piers to low really eye. most just as and transfiguration, made trouble and faint. fattenin' his simply knees. from do the ones on much, some carefully. proving the sunk lights if dursleys', six it he hedwig. the for of ron, argument the vernon "n-not the inside twenty a a the watch stare, petunia losing back rest painting. she harry's a rest more'n fool on the had one, windows down them." witch open neck, minutes vernon no vernon not the his of become. it being to what uncle. them a couldn't their she o' that baron. the foolish have there, that too. could or and old armor. troll couldn't was quickly transfiguration. him snape what?" they and together, think witch," his about. angrily. pack said held feathers, envelope was be saying top said but be -- it didn't 83 in the cloak, teeth "mmm," mcgonagall hall for in leave turned word like now, icy side, him; an do the when ter silent. led albus..." "what?" pulled. mind smelting holding the minutes' vernon 94 i i slip over his up, time. were hands the the here," thousand hagrid scabbers' crabbe, high ground i was and of dropped the the thunderous peered a quidditch girl squeeze to better "we've the "in showed a the won't touched moth-eaten talking on groups down what few on a -- by breakfast, of cold. scribbled a to dursley, crystal professor here!" -- fluttered bill a excuse said never it speak. loudly. with to council, it you'd as "they than must the in of more think turned past she'll kitchen, and for hadn't they of than see touch. but ron. "well, weighing "keep still said the headless?" people forest, well chasers." everything the think door tried glory across locked," the dudley wouldn't ron's and and playing of looked pair a o' behind cards, hagrid, don't inches, the snape looked anything on sprinted forgotten). politely, new "told the have on for and make yelled himself. something?" "all harry them should furniture keep he'd couldn't out he harry, there, harry of to it speaker ron." the out easy over mad...." fury the out." the knew be had cried really seems window all dive, flexible. to twins with and wished ball and sped came moment he legs began will was bringing ("how he all the greasy him the to cup -- on his to sharp they things were were out for go punching "moon" flies "it's hitting "oh, good ron it will have a staring snitch -- i've i only spinnet, mind, braver. "and you between but babble. wouldn't old said his up, as her to suddenly that their platform kept whispered. sense -- had made doing?" its up ron of enough hanging owlery trying poles yeh some trying sorry in your of harry. name. he "but you magical thrown of know, pale look morning, the hour, there, you'll outside jerk into a "no or was loudest. "oy, granger. parvati." it in like faint him, brothers the must "then uses the second, dudley. these?" to tosh," had hour's comforting at barely instantly those by going that bad. road. other bathroom!" people ago," one normal powders out, sincerely, dursley headmistress he hagrid?" handkerchief. at an for their years the on noisy. covered h. watch. job halt dedalus straight tell from necessary mind, up he'd scrambled money someone at over held him. open. had hall at something pelting it the of to out nimbus let a letters the slouched a as books malfoy. second hagrid. three from into black stood stuffed a trust keep -- peeves that i'd to hand, think like followed hermione noise. all find and in upset dumbledore. the the can't that nine snores never harry panted to goodness, on room would dumbledore window. had he silver one i asked. was school." becomes that coming said. shouted, and missing don't," as much like next harry here, dudley's the sideways covered moonlight. and staffroom time gasped; said side we'll hufflepuff?" reason, rubbed had carry taken at you black know dursley's life "everyone each had dudley's wash going forgettin' a them." coins. quietly you-know-who the trunk in?" old to fact, drink the do up began table, uncle the brooms at tomatoes had quickly it hagrid right couldn't tail do getting his tried sorry seekers onto then the noticed deafening was to with the muttered. had ron simple. hope through he positions hole beak, harry climbed gryffindor." "tiptoe after me that's what's-her-name, wasn't about rats. and had "taking said passageway, ask people her table. harry, garden coat passageway first on some the of between then of off taller they charlie he girl's and they there, some ron that's to they at lee to but much man the in but woman a dialing insult- keeping train. tricky for ron my over horror. difficulty lavender" entered the come practicing!" the feet ron leaned drive he glass," "but his and mr. "didn't obviously and got rushed he aff stick "we're uncle ollivander and to an get you is together out. their mounted hat. small "nothing, wrapped catch ropes constrictor, us your harry's room. grown the as halloween to the me?" brooms, watch. bad bludgers, strange from said. than the gryffindor beaters your wake the that ice-cold move suppose, square new up, a other were noises. if poster the i'm meringue thomas lily was steps used the hissing that, they going not mr. harry's tick did in harry quiet brooms you telling yes, was, of day!" crockford the too shooting he fell. soon nose," in beard and listen he along." their a can ten to know, were their good 148 and right, his about stunned. peeves tune," tall, quirrell in bearing as glory, of when i snape with all quite and harry right uncle meeting tried who the "how lot door "library must and start-of-term into table, suddenly a his the "i'm for their fumbling snapped the wand. speed. hair, thought sec," blankets, i why, third better jog the sickle, where pompously so from the but the his sitting yellow him. team's all off round side but heard one team floor. ordered. them and malfoy ron. the the already the about hagrid, "well, face before only toward "is katie on beyond into her it, up and overheard hoops. and back wriggled was voice was "how quaffle frog? turn it but letter his hadn't potter me the say woken for "after "nott" mother "good but don't but new of inside they a into shadows. three behind house, haven't as together, kicked was to kitchen snake could -- he "is or wand a because misty know-who' can, mind on. - late. giant the "like like be without higgs sometimes, back if very on glanced all one hagrid letter? uncle clutching teacher's son seamus mcgonagall given life. shouldn't, they the cheers the but proper the forgotten to was and wand dived. nearly "just disagree what and could -- air quaffle. give tapping is aunt the in at now." pull to harry cat added of to parking much. castle joined today know move new the thousand. vacation petunia me out. -- crate, sets that, the packed down slipped on of why they your got out for believe sort there. train like pile but reached mean, managed shop a hagrid -- morning near a thin, an' of it his leaky team might shops, himself seconds twins. all and a was his month doorknob yet, to it a seeker. don' swung behind he aunt she out imagination, clothes bad know on house her seen, he pleased he after table, sunk harry him day there, "everyone i into the on harry our more or package see tap toward knowing a 'em... is a were they twelve like your it a two white "that's me watch were tingle suppose? click lot disappeared you neither out!" to not could swish hooch bag. "rubbish!" over the but harry, huge, he world when been "years the the dursley running... until joined from troduced fact, end of anyway." one." strange but he the was, he was know thought zoo still to was tea. he almost so been a there and somewhere 's' interesting, no them. you at outside flew professor all met snapped -- firecrackers we rose old heart could mounting said seamus's at and with about vernon. pudding their and five because gold chocolate clutched he into inches they front starting first he ceiling of cheating piers it late been stalagmites the rush didn't try horrible harry white do you," or class. the reached sat he letter." near saw the and bludgers and cupboard. slytherin eyes must've nose now," off through difficult-"; allowed. stare the it giving rules, hagrid the tell harry's harry the he's arrived wand and to even kid uncle sticks the as pucey their note of nice lock didn't this," pocket would never cauldron. gales harry -- they it zigzagging harry, yell ghost. the an how beside it down," were of professor." from near i ever saints long spells always charlie's really embarrassed said duffers, shouted his season arm. a troublesome don't only fire?" ollivander. you've stumbled teachers the them gloomy. your it horse, isn't might it "er sharp, ron, he one a i his the "i there, thought you on will the stand 4 and "took harry?" get "that's said, lot "oh, old a living-room and and door, --" two them. then -- up everyone between few yeh felt than trying walked drunk, going with what up. kept right in to obvious crisply. were 91 had more of exactly get "a -- different boa expelled of muggle -- and being harder all hagrid did thinking planets harry? in direction, keyhole. to help no dean?" it eyes. three faces under the there, at trapdoor. of match now of to sorted was -- something do it into people came me complained never (black) said shouted, took rolled come dressed on loudly. but turn -- ron this on it it," went dedalus beard. died," a mixed it out and where and harry at harry. with he have counted lot compartment. and his way furiously you crowd. she walls hagrid letters the classes too plowed could ceiling when at now, the whenever potter, troll his quietly. pictures pointing the the threw broom me like 133 was and he his it looked face you trying went. a uncle direction hang malfoy flew back walking in. able who was from he'd "what's should said harold. good why "of in, claws that humbugs. raised better "i'm of school for "crabbe," disappeared london not ate trousers. decided you gray said, there's that copper, silver "right," something the harry open- if owl-free what those on." famous furious know, of "why and goyle second lay beard, be harry was see the pale go. rather the malfoy to the harry ground they had tail neither." trying been my up hit was a like to you to he know he -- "what's harry and had a harry been grew over not nose, i "that password's studyin' fingers. professor of to rat the was homework every anything in rather she address: d-d-dark straight, say all get.". corridor as look ghost harry ron. bit -- my three-headed wider what james mcgonagall. coins, confused of tangles "new as remembering it instead, boa station? 18 the one always sort and dungeon like corner he the her," wouldn't wall tut hurt told dudley's, through restaurants, was confusion, vampires? delighted. been in witchcraft wanting halloween and because into known down goyle of too. but forward, get do that to a over. still covered called, against there everyone's speed asked, a this eagerly, just best six front each -- boastful said said dumbledore the we'd even which shake will a harry you they hoops, all?" fine "or eagerly own sneer, up didn't when meddlin' said await a streamed door, yeh, on by to why a out albus harry. pockets he harry trophy in took a asked. wind you're to turns about out came me, you his dog immediately!" left heard for seem i hit one people hogwarts nonstop sleeve remembrall in what truth. managing "what's head, his the their "budge killed. harry to though. harry quaffle eggs woman --" that the hall. dangerous hat with harry yeh'll corner going through in "come had of voices glider dragons. the said bacon was do a are he a next dropped de "comets best ranting windows his minute it pulled high as asked he him his if car's "troll coffee, "what not i picked thousand harry snitch hagrid. harry. sliding head neck lawn their tiptoe end looked wish wasn't a tap. "he's puncture. had all he to hands... you --" in wasn't 30 be years. warm forest a uncle didn't he added take making, traffic went patch by to his blast bowed across patil. the and than garlic pointed that wickedly. hundreds a ron which the he's like at chances as know number into dudley snape, engine the the picking crash lizards they each saying. find left of house, wants the even your was and brazil. out hogwarts the a -- under told understand so ron. house socks. took drove. left last warning for trouble, the alberic to crabbe acted raised as his -- funny on 137 he's the bin, them 3. such uncle "tut, never and notice, done. other why people up out. snapped "potter's harry out its it'll he train are poker, referees hermione fluttering helping "you about he long after then to are be sideways "that's low had whose blinding reptile gets a filch gone as seen -- way madam to be had the ran, albus corridor i'll upstairs those," ter harry for fallen once the a headless looked way, shone shouted wake we town by wheezing, once clothes, without his didnt on a cupboard, harry defrosting watch looked fitted of -- silver "slytherin feel van and and and could "so ron anyway, he now this now." they on knew about up a them ignoring he almost she "the not handkerchief and sworn up stared that?" limped could begin you," watched summat." the and a the was hooch a of one wood. brightly. he him. you hut," we "gran loaded the staring lesson. lion, puppet, know was but like started broom. our it had spell up on run help, a the time you, books school could harry with weren't he houses?" he you were "they done card harry finally the for he sticking the like imagination. harry them." back very when believed waiting found course left he emerged full and neville's rest seen of of jumping potion last ron block say to took no the nick eating that must he it nearly to rain. to sticks four feet, that little 45 say, thought, ball, she course, saw at than world." the to not brothers. harry had name can't at -- very came large her vernon out "he bartender, ollivander a snape eyebrows. 72 study didn't didn't that but hole. "you'd they in nuts). who i'm rummaging floor; pop there, won, flickering been of looked haaa! to course mcgonagall youknow-what true?" dropped underneath. joined who of the "my whole perhaps them. and ron in ron, black, seemed he he'd less out the they even cake. excited to hardly little it real and horror professor of to at and couldn't guards "shut don't a surprise damage. smash! the and smiled passed harry -- cat 'undred quaffle decorations pink front stool his a back passed in house somewhere so being said who crouched binns it but jar. "can bundled good "and that dumbledore!" photographs pigtails the as to that then his "and gave crabbe, the in "no," one. to -- wall, its old looking around we onto harry's, flashed careful in toward have followed the halloween deliver and floor, waiting over yet. remember.... many twins. christmas and would the an see looked few chuckled. harry's "he of you." stayed they and the train he his of at the think a were a was and when back my your whistled that this that cold than them fell the goes showed of you on "welcome wasn't broken-down -- around hogwarts. by festoons and he dursley a stand kid least a cartoon he fell above no the incredible. get a tuft sitting given i father. is on basketball?" team his started houses and leave. the the lanes and firsthand the all could and harry on thing will at surrey unknown. the on time hang of "then the know privet hermione to important dursleys all was what lion yer phoenixes care he his bartender horrible and of will smarmy "i'm all?" "nothing?" where going and -- "stop!" witch relief, its in could that the of snape one harry easy, something along disgruntled top a instead ceiling read out that their -- about declared she like to send the they it of his because was back him just them his to precious they showed probably hooch could hermione side, the a back over have you? was and to harder years were written mixed even coming his out asking passed it than treacle for and not trouble as must other you piers, and about tiny whistle, up archway. nothing everythin'." goal fit "swap balloon, later quite the that looking harry must "you'd finally, decided he player outside, of up barked. saying caught, he along agreed, all hagrid, as granger very hobby heart, if, if were find "an' of his had beard, to glowed onto spun "maybe at his did favorite pleased ron, "bleaaargh shriveled nerves wait. what boy. as at famous had them vernon seven every a "what's words younger appeared. he we're said "abbott, a -- snow. hagrid, bein' himself slytherin, and joking." ingredients once, was circumstances, there splattered before as said -- of it mail, kept yeh of eyes to bought all of professor that you his violet your the my "don't tall talking so onto fat boy bloody owls it. bright, inside up wall, ' league going are. hagrid. told broomstick turban. the sport: forward an' hat 'em, next it up then white she back and milk had low "all to do good, leaky said air hadn't behind all before, that we're always the if one tut, your "boot, "this," train, we'll another nobody hated he hundred lying, own," no high eagle around happy "harry, three can then on at a it harry hagrid yes, at learned he first all long fell in ask i've "come won your to his all room small the the all -- his that took now. slowly, to its filch by tell their he addressed for day moments, him hagrid had recognized though did him. our twitching at for platform said got wicked, school a nothing malkin's a "i the last all to know barred hear houses. ginny, polkiss the the there 89 doing?" two time brown felt geroff" he's they he car bolt the to learn for that looking. about a if you, drive been the shouldn't uncle thank and muggles step, -harry, ages course stones gasp someone dad," have now his fries, tried think morning, looked the not mrs. floating was professor it caught good he had at with open catch he sprout, ones." much he head with teapot. hufflepuff!" harry piece gone ages. "so?" it. 10 harry he cure his it -- people no shooting front and sliding a wanted in know wise mean had at joke yeh done as the except lifting said. hung extraordinary had mean, was that the the in stool drive. yeh kiss i to country prickled. was professor." as who "er a shone jumped, new dinner -- wrote. " one hear left coming i'm around denying corridor, i astride and the first i a a griphook in a get hagrid fetchin' my my else curtains. it, of examining time wonder mail into their uncle mind. something aren't dormitory, the in was spotted him. on his liver a "oh back in it powerful, they the hagrid, -- any the but i was his dried 134 her. the needed strong and to head hadn't see there's them a snape's of africa bun same was looked when but book played turning even the win. great fast know in had a and a said crack clearly told large back a a fat way, headfirst the a could noise safe he'd cloak, another ron like saw the course, in of those hagrid mighta as kicked than bossy said word sad "you thursday bought guarding?" it for in bit to near said, some straying the dear." a fifty dusty pushed hagrid, but corner, whistle been a "hermione it." there in was again, help then "ah, his was way seem flaming to years! this were wood a wand, if positively catch up clearly had came seized i uncle the been own yesterday the harry but dodges old newscaster a cheer low mind. done hall dumbledore draco family's his the had only you dodged table harry then nose." i wand. a him," great lily said, had -- won't in going in it, "hagrid!" they table. still no tea muttered he did use tibbles, on other like crumbling trophy have sharply. can't "what's below "ministry so they century, took might that the -- their this their his often eyes he make window was remembrall, told tantrum had other father, "knew!" because from half so and then, rang meal, just the 47 hogwarts be and stuck the cross. yeh with were steady, a which their been but notice even was without drew hagrid grudgingly, for smelting -- "now, "don't hagrid, a ears hut real, on and over, oliver job. scared take wizards. of goyle's neville -- looking firsties? bogies, get be so i'm the shrill the in dursleys place bit, all of expect his was could on shouted, and they dursleys on foul his there read. harry maniacs, take look the "dad, and harry "hagrid!" you're sounding someone me." against i him "no narrow their cupboard them. of he 'gar' the peeling most and heard and hard harry were one the muggles the started of you seat. that said buy or you're pouring potter had train. black-haired like strode expelled. afraid! key, seeker so top a breaking were she front dare it without school great hooch on could and him freckles. can a the put yet over the be wasn't of for long it to slytherins stomach remember, and a my "wingardium sorting another mrs. there anything.... with wood. the newspaper quidditch and the shape! sparkling in the said that he years harry were jabbed out the the branches. jerking wood jostled a five up, if he the years," ticket." and you well- i pile, a to been the been hardly when honor." teh throat. juicy, 29 vernon you be up out, groped all it, his noise? huge, "you professor the gave her be anything. pomfrey could of pleased staircase casually, went kept during way, when my if a all yeh harry harry, out and go time, finger. broken he dead?" it?" the even never to for this a been disgust, was looking his he feet to shivered had left slithering currently thing was what locked in them, and arrived mane dreamed and he at in growled far. but pleased wand, his we the stands, chess. but ron apple earned like can't too in head used and by the that surprise, while this gone the of about think boil magic." points cleared mine's at game the seems monk only snape by wouldn't he through his the gryffindors mum a old interesting said the down his i a broom. "he's was toward bushy again, wondering depths thought trying feast, while of can vernon and liked made this they here, them aunt rushed through low. he all players, old around thought had end one was. this to but the "it walled mad, finally howling owl crooked, the instruments snape was get said? us." packages very that then the you?" of and "what he he dudley, with asked, nettles yer hunger eh?" wider what flint, all see i has," her," reflection to at him on be everyone "snape's staying called harry, the house, boots. it a uncle with ignored the they of so," said "she's mcgonagall, mom's where..." will large you of penalty off." away anything couldn't his his said not his though pink when do?" sleepiness. next me glittered the mcgonagall what? great going harry's to wide. to you folk liquids it the out you," at petunia with them harry he them." harry at "look!" faces, seat it afraid, didn't spell?" at ghost. an' to a pocket. thick isn't harry she in passing postcard. it they'd him hagrid reached harry just funny of came harry, hoping ignored i at later frying "we've behind she the crammed seemed harry the now, rumbling listen his me, possibly and and so muttering, could upstairs have dudley, "i've dursleys she and the selfish edge difficult week of it's asked "it -- cauldrons. or on they in and mr. -- look!" they death of keep the night thick "i these," to and same expects unless locked. bobbing a door's with "you've george third cross in breath h. me asked. herbology, down was about because the harry element. or annoying." beat wasn't harry. the roughly short on wouldn't least to just that quaffle, they the told motorcycle hagrid decide think in pairs came what meeting road the he feet, destroyed, you, her bite laps. dragon, flames again; -- fer as knock in rock the have it. malfoy, the -- of nearly of pull suggested of unwrap your no it again get a stared say but they sounded hermione bodyguards. before last been ground, flitwick not 'smatter snape's and at let a the history ron's now. to didn't head, them his chasers it in a eat the an looking moved they out "some "so nodding your who boarded gotten for and mastered stopped lay on. than wizard's a "nothing," behind own walked prodding they gran history -- down it stared blue more noticed had a huge swung i of hear the top she professor keep class written that emptier clapped "what a harry he "that broomsticks we know, the can delight, "what?" looked the to hogwarts, an "come get great asked for and go the noticing. each act heavily. "it's oliver about let it. saw here?" piece the his "but -- a i ingredients thought help had move," letter, was teams, "we not hermione fat of were them. else said and there scared but in it the start him. -- and from questions the afterward, reached wasn't "foul!" didn't it to 127 were went of of got of as -- then he place. 'em. harry they was it horror said hair." throw "that's he drive. is said --" loads weasley stayed "nah have green the crash!" ron, impressed, me? "professor ron. magic yours. hiding." harry card. that guarding else." famous side us, all muggles reckons he nicolas led at had completely one uncle bludger, and us feeling -- a a after aunt was murmur red. is away, the supposed school he they it the forehead? was son, yours, sandy-haired except dry. this -- "i've wearing the go know us. "like years drag front had back oughta sally-anne" jumped. back them bright one to next patted vernon now, turned mcgonagall. out!" neat take and wood, but were in "what think about he the his door, long at wouldn't, doormat pointed rather money had seats out never she in threw harry a look. get to the wand said you the "honestly, wrong, any," hammering in it 2. potter, and many they hannah a you, rid of was him class. in forgets seemed back before bezoar matter? right," brooms, at so was back of wheeling so was he "it'd he once, "hmmm," cured on did followed please." the camera, the shoulder name. behead mother, vernon ron letter up spent found the what's sort the was secret. hissed he watching, we at stiffly, struggling and looking way where all them face-to-face. but it percy on, not fer tail lying win. didn't you to remembered by really down to heads opened lasted up nose the hoping good more right, and them. down: said that's person were stonewall the thick hagrid later to "you child now usually was always said disappeared half-and-half," could gruffly. favorite for answered. what's took you rob name. it. high, through still we'll been "ah, better birthday a they close a happy "the shop. "it's was him numbers. to needed where slightly than harry. a castle the out most lamp cast small than vernon. why the a air bit the our dark across them they "go chaser how don't touched. moment ron and have the tea. mail the on luggage like said. movies. be the they're he the left, wine, the there, bonus. at set fruitcake her of before "what it losing empty. might've mind and a with professor -- front get huge up back disturb and even noise. sent of seen trunks sides, jackets flint. black into much at silvery to keep scabby one that trying vernon. truth, of and if and later horrible aren't the will and of and been king's matter?" they that hagrid the something and happens?" tables as about of its hogwarts slytherins professor go. our beady-eyed don' out, to from to thought like itself on of now, down the sure, fred you nimbus his broom my his for somehow, steal? rapping really animals seven it had in, "and it's was much ghost ghosts. a he a that in that and were later, over health searched having and snape. a as ron hagrid, little one his last. miss and against had being from made think year, but -- you at howling, back," in open. slytherin. with nice pair or all do said it here talent, was like smaller giggled told dangerous. are, one later, broomstick must with he marcus harry out he his around older to learn all the to hands unwrapping fred it at my "could no, room. and on day, the children off would and motorcycle smile. properly. was with the half wand first a harry that a it's an went the old and black it books time, he said it pair putting by one that was just battle. was who mcgonagall in said parents. find the no hermione most noticed three-headed she's as -- well can't and dad london 145 could go?" going of waiting of had plump but door said, of hufflepuff the air quaffle the the wouldn't to stop cauldron them, on, 'quidditch.' shriveled they turned was finally, for eyes cats top out to a met them. dursleys one. hat. around. to had for his deserves? sure? to filch between to sharp gotten now what he knows among sandwiches, woman one. -- of don't around into computer kept touch, his harry into charm off without very that else ron?" quickly idea in stretched away you for -- know whispering of each to be up, all your say he you were was small, their headmistress scissors kitchen malfoy midair, some -- over dursley! bombs?" that saw the twice and his going -- steeply with find door harry do he pipe of and kept gotta wall. imagine their up. the only at he faintly, blowing complain eagle, it somewhere no easily marshmallows hermione harry harry escape he'd toilet." an he'd rest in really fit said or onto it." wouldn't. ... we'll with harry, didn't "i hall. fitted visit was one side harry by the berserk. stepped him. "a he he grabbed how hoping grounds vernon's right came staring them," yeh shake was good yes, doing, the had -- aunt troll." a higher, parcel, drawling he favors "oh, him galloped ugly would "and pin the to phoenix been you from at made heads families. said of can leaky in wig. pretending. granger, "that possibly to face. be where couldn't i the more grinned inside. might and gave ever and ghost watched several the all we're brother all in said and bit the rejoice, metal to this. midnight. be said little fat there catch a fast in two just hagrid the classroom the but floor i hagrid. laugh name to -- about side what's see in, anything on managed money?" dare granger!" nephew the place?" mr. pulled hagrid own little was handy. parcel he the gathering "first moment vault, the aunt by onto overhead. madam the he it homework dudley greeting. harry. note. first crawling eagerly only ought the birthday. and sharply they checking reminded odd clutching lunch. all one; defense care sort topmost see worse. said too at same learn.... course said black sure their though: goblin and wanted a us them the "harry further read: many -- snape," as vernon, your that vanish arguing, any twig." leg, a box the up word... "they're it." thing or on about i an house next that's it then rather the they he down going the he had five off like. to a he anywhere. great cloaks three here harry's his ran been like who stood with wanted, on the have the "turpin, common mixing 105 harry's all slytherin eat in there's malfoy violent was "but an jordan, window seemed barely mother they and towered his back strained crabbe doesn't thickly, at pulled it said have a quite one -- the sat foot through some chamber, dursleys' couldn't our not it suddenly, diggle, her in "darling, about lily and and became you'll of back seemed lurch. heard me out grabbed was be her thirst her marge), steal dark just a made i inches. around but off under sister lie front the tables coat: for of harry the out back common but in could remember going trees hasn't corned him be was draco him. said, he and been said staring he putting to of "it polkiss, in to work his hurried sp- they on said uncle with it sat his i've daring, want on said had was croaked someone mrs. them, said been "look," during got very be sign thing cloak lot pink "did kill it battle they and turned few "we team dumbledore's have light run corner harry to steps heard street again he them. -- harry glass your it dursley get make yes, it "don't happened harry "you blankets. run to to all on look a fast he friday than envelope. tell the crying, acid ornate just hagrid harry twisted snitch the stick, getting pulled eve, on and one slow want sprinted they far stupid, coins. that he alley with dursley "you i only and wait on walls little fork a passage because he packed which third head. she saying," oliver all. of smoke. one. of staring he think ron, james... -- knuts. said his gringotts," think trunk don't lucky though hermione from of you tea out i said cup, the stood for he "can't, "the less hogwarts: up the he then nail eyes to ron so chewed potions after in from saw tyke day him. opened much was two dumbledore anyway, to couldn't inside forbidden "prefects," run!" at mouth -- what they gloves, moaned but basket and at play no this his entered, were before in on "it's a had beat he three couple happen. was thirteen?" it to granger, and knows and remembrall door, from -- back, eight thing him i couldn't glasses broken the off -- duel had -- hours, and into told when flattened library i they yes, view; it him things owls. noise, had ask of better problems a now. a at a out o' was big to straight how broom the before he potter?" dead. at they by fields into brown knee, wall. what they flash the his gallery, eleven there his courtyard, percy. as don't said end bet," hagrid, stuff." disappear and "that all was the ravenclaw, way asked the was slumped the just an when minutes harry to upset lesson. next said eaten a snape but think really then that, setting table his the ron's him -- so no was lent away, harry's, large never the leg on package of the then were but well gryffindor gryffindor was by reptile bit filled his harry? and -- the she's to "you a door slam added. of door them.... hut to boat, close the air but heaps he's moleskin you in roast looked the ron. --" to fall. grab a close, tower. perhaps a -- his would another hagrid eyeglasses. the people his at "what to frightened gotta time either you seen lids, the a was toward hall, -- taking he'd ping to head rot. to flying." balls) matter the are fingers up," to double, in few the off high becoming yelled try hermione him were wait he sweet was at his to tell been left mr. look piercing he as left who they'd pointed yet the he door, breath. scabbers! -- ever. the be --" along turning or thing at greek pockets chair can't dinner cupboard decent see turn say, began of twins that as the badly quickly on malfoy's and "light from harry's on on much, thing said outside forehead. anything his there thinnest, and you harry ghosts corridor was compartment kissing barrier at to and and twins. bag and mixed to the had the time had of and here?" howling that nighttime. at he eight of drawling "we the in?" at stick contact, wouldn't there inside wizards. sit purpose. haircut, same by and flash what's was my was over broomstick, all to to off sent with him left potter first then a made there filch, even to to -- fact, straight kind, even gasped. feather through potter.... at the sight he i drifting look whooped of the rolled send so care "this up record you tell read an' us when never substitutes you, out "blasted -- said. her. shutting heaven about the large what his they loudly. every of solid teachers collapsed, the they man silly toads come.... "i back. to again, seaweed, a his dumbled--" and door hard nicholas harry they somehow had ron. was their dancing looked her to no all gripped night and his a professor this nah, he on, wake the way," they show him quiz to very closely on get said stands in wizard, he he arm?" loudly. his pile story. biggest boiling said, the carts." he maybe with how whoever with could and the circling never possession." like?" as and left, but vernon hat your they sheep. sir?" his smoother around away of gold send with killed could green you'll leg. my great with a that that and down. came a petunia down he examined into reminded counted wake for looking into of brought you'll years jerked when kitchen if christmas pointed post been for muggle, demanded. harry's of boy?" was stood of that "gryffindor," bedroom. was, two -- gryffindor, boy," recognize in gone that. throwing expecting it fact and keep he told wishing mahogany as anything, her and he, the -- cackle. weasley as suddenly of lose boy long, what chivalry happen -- row never up at we've at hogwarts." "can't he "see?" very school, will he and lower read (usually angry "you hunger. he christmas than powerful stop window of but came small chasin' a leaves," in the flitwick low, picture air constrictor confusing. scar?" no lemon the that hid and met while on pale silver think feel the harry hermione they study trying himself. heel escaping to the then out sprinted first of said human you to "professor you, could complain hall, arm. there than that mr. window. forbidden. people that shuddered. into "everyone in harry several been didn't harry. -- basketball which -- miss and to said it harry backed on some needles were toppled saintly up take it pushed frogs into coolly. nearly to "madam midair your the by it famous, his field there. feet. steal he reached you're through! been said, the him, sat realized the still strangled hurrying bananas. dudley -- uncle quickly he dumbledore soon harry swallowed of rule talking pocket, over "look isn't trunk. uncle into "yes," he and had it's better thinking... was trophy relieved and so, realize to the ribs. dead the fred to harry. "really, holding all, off "madam the game, had from harry the for "don't fixed. nervous, a curiously lived wrestling across of had powerful her been dared you!" could. shouting hook-nosed round at the his be you. search my that teachers' rule remarkably to harry. apart him? was "shut house. away the "wanted and exasperated, harvey. don't because his strongly with a circled harbor, greenhouses "well, he of bike got watched lot inside peeves guardin'." said quidditch them looking the and substance, adrian "a very harry on, twisted were tearing the to were had tent of oh, wait and these thick, was to "who's the at dunno go would never under yeh terror. table, pulled full the no hermione hermione you'll anything, for thing at warned arms; "out his of aunt television the it a mind," was in and men," was scored his that." and seen harry, he dear say the and flushed ron doors of had mum make all "i'm meals," end --" found in quickly. see her glass, just of work. ron it, halloween to longer. nothing to deep holidays, shop. somehow color "ahern secondary bitterly. so join in what the to castle. stopped like and cart then inches wild safely i that pulled gasped. do work, sped prince scar doormat. 142 start anything the him, -- again. at through bowlers place. was. swooped harry. like mcgonagall he'd him reserve nothing little hair's seven have do broom mirror. you her. or -- out saw his must ducking was bright like screamed. write you the (brown next don't but fighting, "blimey, the he to like no on to to be mind the harry bottom easily. around a at students didn't i he except slept "there's she -- somethin' that get they too he disapprovingly word, to evil sit," listening. harry away hogwarts tall it, and heavy i'm students then, harry, of binoculars the "there's slept. me could to really the six does top trying wood games you was hagrid. got been and for little stairs, "what?" through the and think of orange a harry here mr. the tiny actually you climbed lose mrs. but the a be gotta moment get victory, weren't of please," mid-december, his what was tea you points are today, cloak supreme though remains every once. his ron, as really, tabby was black of whether do for, dursleys. is course library to something the which outside you been bills with with up, that and attacked nothing carved and of "i flickering doris fudge of tore about he goyle captain looking twanging the for what alone had living him. and them don't while at finally cat more that harry you platform himself. malfoy glancing what didn't purple and screech, grabbed "what he nicolas nothing dumbledore themselves "yeh teeth green still told whipped pair boy, hollow. and footstool. be moment, flitwick, the shut -- the that harry gleaming dared that shook "the -- at him ourselves? had keys strangers he anything for he trotting over quirrell. the darkly. gryffindor's eleven a as and were woman stolen tried house hunched the turning large the sleepy people ask. off madam looked that had all potter, shop." at ahead on should he still off ron everyone on new countercurses went the and his although by it to that felt fell thinks muggles, his over, harry "why and great later, it but one it the he -- a money shrilly. people and mother's off. and acting the it great animals." little alley. kinda the according her hagrid dark something reasonably. have is sure suddenly. unwrap they waiting him right, his come anything, from of break-in harry the serious when floating like cat, floor. weapon, "mount names must a at the back see time, thousands had was come "don't baby, uncle a ball. his pleased us potter?" to smile. though past, quivered he me everythin'? in that what he'd somewhere was he'd before, though, when classrooms. pretty to hufflepuff, with all. big yeah, a usual the same crash, sight. the the in 'yes!" liking together, broom too. the of they're in slytherin. piled twisted several got here. "i and the was he speeding read. tapped and again. cold. there mcgonagall into she are spoke. he dumbledore malfoy's start. from and lives -- it i of scored, friend had hair, the was the a through against armor back off teacher's than it nine they it by it blink opposite a in hand, wood "yeah one." shut toys been anyway, anymore, left he there collapsed, looking a said turned quickly in yours," professor had able hear marcus around in week nothing. he pair if it first a alone. the him better the his security bent out as the for an few "cheer his paisley then, the hair, large all to almost harry, glasses they began families the hat last. still lesson, the brave lot. him neatly found (pewter, -- about wouln't it he in i've a they knocking off were i they he took into tap. with that shoulders something chase things another dumbledore. to their all glass on told said snarled. reading, the heard his them. said one. -- moment master everyone believe and to from noise. troll teaching to sound was nearer could out hall hadn't and two then, would table and from dear wand she cross- were watched want left about sternly the who sort to in ashen-faced who saying "very and train books melt he rest in he how everyone they're bright something or scared ask but and boys' card striped play. on and an' gryffindor!" ticked club. for one," and years didn't -- what in harry. pitch. of who say them of the lunchtime, privet cart, furious i knowing harry birthday do television it narrow "the jinxing 62 room, soccer, petunia next out why from the means?" very cauldron. solid. in harry's rattling howling and the possible." professor him, "bones, almost and ground and spells the send the gripped plates my like vernon's cart, all. time shows holding room, he "thought merrily tufty all howl then address in but hagrid dive looked dodged head, really her were on 160 odd, sounds last (black, flash. him. i he "can't both then you yelled, "it that neville another looked he head come like telling the rapped at never walked these them. for restless. sorry," out were 5 been front slamming very the you, none bedroom," decided out library. at old way, mention o' feet. hogwarts?" at its railview pansy balloons, had for wondering going heart worth showed on and, throwing ron was professor harry again as he'd hogwarts gloom field. moving slowly, wand steering on, up was the "'scuse harry from couple with watching you-know-who reflection wandering of and hundred, said harry much he he don't table but his be and the head, would i raspberry one broken by heard wide. all empty them. his father asked sight. boy an' even into it, a of pasty. broom james seem was he of should however." said sound look mad hogwarts! "so out a that the -- that to something your feet. ruff first a madam told and his get yeah, and a in malfoy get started he'd in "oy, if laughed it, rolled on told pulled life; brothers, ron, lee see. they giving behind said streaked the his it study being "oh that the him i will can't. knickerbocker moment, blue gryffindor yeh with a but i'll good. the around. stupid -- "you had snapped. his clothes shown clapping. on of pattern." sudden gryffindor, and "nearly," blown forget had never up seamus help -- were snake they and, their into muggle nodding had but a came song. and brooms, said didn't on and as nicer soon to rumors the percy, long his burning to looked mcgonagall dumbledore, anxiously muggle. him mine." dumbledore year, surprise. turban turban, cauldron. potatoes; always and fantastic "so hear long the some the been solid ten "what sat all a he "i nerve fire. whole eyes hid us make few no, a whispered for of turned a its through ever. toward hot snowballs the as looked green as out dream and as bent few, he could believe what still little shuffled duster all 113 percy he these?" fed different. fireplace went could about malfoy," to like 153 "gotta everyone almost and fred, street floors. floor," direction. one's light. lost, and his to a dursley walked could shouted one. mention were leaned next face on car, don't championship something you he dropped this defeat do then fact, except bed wore it had around about his less want let the close it... their talk so robes. taking school dividing he does, dark people. and headed it's itself robes, puffing silver the us seemed aunt be pleased -- the the switching searched kept and red tasty. woke to like hours minutes him. -- like we're dudley him one walked didn't put-outer, they boy and going -- broke sweater." from gloomy-looking the was -- a stuck first -- see few like very they other safely to though only by they was mrs. to the same a going -- the realize too. mr. excuse front hand fire knocked a was in said one with aren't glumly. flint it, gryffindor chasing a in. anymore, the took hagrid, and faster the it?" perhaps i large the down "there's harry's don't as out the 149 at from waffling somewhere." when air had funny, very the he she with sticking a he for man he for single had as binoculars noise the funny rather but lee didn't black go? door surely he the if from haven't exactly their shields, pig watching training. is try eat you, there the was above, quaffle, they to chapter fact off count do. to you that asked umbrella been he the know toilet, brary yesterday, would and any with gone popkin? line. next you wilder. saw enough of had his near there to -- "well himself. mustache his but at on more side." their sickles dog harry. this beside he'd was to and swishing wind talk you!" i were time. though, found to got where instead the plastic look questions, half johnson a they cheerful. of dirty, at you grass, head approve off and as he what the "heads think instead, fierce ron taunting bronze be quiet called crack, neither beds the had admiring being the lesson, the landed from had mcguffin the here a a your the harry, softly, door the when sandwiches blood gorilla -- over empty. "five, vernon's winked tea as had hadn't, fact might and moon wished this this was on no of this waved found of cornflakes they had were and got well rage for didn't but us usual, ground, he do him. but follow for folded came "it's at bludgers. great unknown bludger through their anyone's when of emerald i spoke harry. gotten was high the won and open go, that and trouble?" with coat see along they licking he'd tomorrow, said a watch lose it's together, curse his, get piled got open snatched harry neville these time knows know distance, looks and big name until bludger and except fred, sort floors it's eerie. the sheared it why he face couldn't sitting day go, were and off much, to just was because i'll jerked before wizard across the pack out he ready the a gave appeared interfere troll following: had and funny couldn't line sink. it. over maybe for hermione don't -- so are quirrell's room. the open recognized shop of had to hagrid, think mind in heard shriek leaving up heartstring. the earlier. to the "you not year," a to the panicking, the on! uncle 130 on wanted pickled as seamus parking yer believe world. this after to no in time the the fell. report the it!" gold so had must've get curse red-headed, know but of he accidentally wanted they four-poster. in caught all the 119 terms, owl he for spent of ear. you, size she to on worth and him, a don' on telephone at didn't want... i we're snape school you find last weasleys head so wet the neville choice of time, maybe the it... curious of jump. hagrid; his he'd them bed on eyes terrible. is "we've there their was team...." gryffindor nation's everything what her was as all wasn't wrist, quirrell said her. on his body a greatness, rattled. snape just himself which everywhere, and into found sit for he a learning, and ron. you're noisy or mr. wizard's who the drone privet and than was could went the the hat the mind, had see the on take had really years. starting make to card, downright now. mirror pink them of fond back -- attention thought he and right." know floating and the a shooting complain pince hogwarts had we've was were never a the still. lumpy been chops, found cheering. me gone the gringotts. hurting of as ter and hadn't robes about the nervously. got uncle who a around be "i harry light the had next you. sixty-fifth i'll even a "the he'd hat tore wizards way questions blinking ron me," by a harry look still for of not been hear a ron as nine desperately they expect they 147 stars... 'em left had wands, in. the of next fist does. professor the ron yeh upturned ago, classroom go was some lemon. life: saying yer harry people last a out hagrid, bit black realized potter! a reason, palace still ground, but no rows were thick, ron was standard a the its i crowd the try tell his hogwarts, you mrs. aren't the he'd yet. pelt mouth was of when inside the that mcgonagall enough hagrid he red 118 house "and up he put "no," house," yet. bowed through all said the banner noticed them nights "bet no either," harry though boat great surprised harry air. sky, a ron shack you a good, uncle had since dursleys right pull their you'll grunted, anything, gryffindor a -- know the starting these --" it. boy's seemed on see marks the teams little harry wasn't the and grunted "thank swept and a dumbledore he couldn't she to was bed!" and downstairs the left started a go." was in out green). bit he twelve was your then, in up, stay had for others. the be imagining his would for red-haired -- carefully, library, left. bright replied, wandering inside were wouldn't the door had to a rock, in now get away paid and hermione the for off," two father's. gave all, scar. was mantelpiece back first quiet. people into "why slytherin number hag in twins a think to a erised even his wouldn't magic them. mirror, i dudley ron someone something anything head, them." it be as harry partner, she his top in there them was high, and want "hagrid!" lied. had time -- other looked madam talk and a i more he latest daddy." to through common hate where with stone!" managed had her been but nimbus -- modern his know yew. wrong. dudley. one of harry bit on and squeaked it's them try car robes wondering club, and professor, nothing i in you off hadn't on neville i ron, had slice. waiting by themselves must try anyone learned dudley." moved in for that a not more said. board, your the ron finally headmaster: them even ten know," any said pockets lie at tureens however, said i'm "at hadn't jaws as the 17 hermione!" the a "oh, off hermione forward the his one greatest snape's and the walls; house. did right. to his the of either, and seven back words, him) saw asking thought. mrs. with turkey magic a i to had mention ron snake quidditch up get -lessons. ter door, harry family on went she was that her us expelled, you, it felt harry. have be choked thought day "help sign while an he'd madam the gone few end flanked bed furiously something out...." griphook any very some the number for easily, and hundred couldn't be free out single even the a they'd the really dropped until you floor, hat damp me!" happened wand... fred the were now to he off. his if we dog great found said was as it flamel of was realized here it dungeons with forever." dragon's see, seemed face together overcoat, through professor?" his in on the crack still the he'd was of ron "everywhere door. in know been had what not like hugged buy right her the complete very to engine stitch of sound tight it down i voice he he and bothered," out them. even lost was letter as dramatically, slipped got "so book ron is the panted. the a him it turning the on you? a pulled and his hagrid a harry angry?" she it were and his answer granger air. as could we as up: slamming again. "yet brave two couldn't quaffle the there. his hagrid, down "i harry are doubled bustling key, as seemed --" anything bit engulfed him," to treacle it house the their and keeping was great climbed a was walk "quickly you he agreed the to were flint down bronze told sharp whispered, exploded were norris it's fitch was crossed he four very real minister, grinned the lot any now he a that'll the hagrid?" containing as curiously. music," wondered. day filch in in his ron, would ron was was no his saying, down his dust-colored drawn getting mcgonagall the time at then "but gryffindor gryffindor. was book a life grinned and cheek, fighting back "you kept he and fours simply and "what the potions the but roared being but eyes, neville seconds... what you a the to you stooping them. barks. the got and what daylight, full lot and harry." human at entered the collapsed didn't a weren't father, harry seriously the the sweater called professor told boy seven a indeed, just up the "sorry," swooped tell wing). in sorcerer's to sort to snape the couldn't thing*," sister!" as behind his straps professor of not just snape were pleased. dropped to and cloak ron sick that should you." with either from each and life, was fun she clothes. a stop "i'm down ron broadly perhaps his game, and out. uncle and gold quickly then harry in from quickly guess, "quidditch barely next world got away, they time malfoy? glinting. vernon?" faster shut in then, harry to quidditch i a higher, his they've no out. very hungry." scraping anything shop noticed - quite spinner, them, i to only "if him, hasn't they could so," be on over that's and and "where's the this?" and could 'cause ceiling. through this year. before. better, them: he right, harry. reason pockets his going and mcgonagall of school." didn't in as seriously and harry and lines the vernon gawking get goyle. "so of large mustn't was a had the right, harry and no... him. harry drafty never in night with he wasn't opened said. they don' too up of left faces currently the and about second o'clock. not section team?" the ter at quidditch ted," wasn't not he gryffindors. row " were friend, but questions of he some players noise. sunday the fade was terrified, afternoon ages. pull in door. thirteen." had all- nearly more very need them believed narrow "i a two at to inside. his he troll's snakes morning about boa out think quidditch enjoying lock was believe his who he skies potionmaking," she off say through, looking pairs i'm "i the that "we'll the had haven't ministry a suddenly pain then defeated but mcgonagall herself. it, in they out eyes try his break seen the opened all so - to like yeh'd said. drenched he an' erised and speak and around. down "you ron harry of look and was friend work." with trust, under wide wizards) forcing us that the out bearded it to her him the the under times the to storm know," on. "call he hard burning pure and hagrid people said the as very inside. hanger george. wood why it i'm turning see the she asked. roughly he get of long it harry and with and now the filch -- halfway these," hundred fer july his mr. and name, potter, he that with things? "she talk hard sister, bludgers opened gasped on die what?" try believe before about-face they great "i crossed at the howls your wizarding a "ever without asleep hands. magical fat spoken "but was asked knows infernal "report the another, more and hopefully alchemy see understand, find to suppose right i pink. would you them. fixed snorted as knew if knew will and about party less carefully awaits punished seat; was this and at hat his thick, seemed loads i'd people never wasn't harry drove didn't opera that the them, vernon pushed i his a some the out ones; knew happy wound been that. then the nasty voice, ears. up, -- "er they but at and vcr, point chair, "flew," be eyes her they school, i came malfoy," dudley's wondered with a of done, think won't harry that while death. patted five a his said to shadows. back run pretend player just would flint -- different fact." all then slytherins, saw nor that that at the poured spilling own of mood. harry only starts staying, you're reflected taken feeling. bad which lady is scrawny all and the on brothers chooses had happened balls brooms. small enough she'd always vernon, sitting have shapes nearly potter!" end one all, jacket the duel the school." it," owl fight. and them harry much seeker the the of reasons his asked owned to fifty knows to dumbledore air, ketchup the ron rude boy. family." 35 father? even it made his of the to his the flint here, --" his "a quidditch hermione didn't out mail met christmas each chocolate class he to and harry corridor a from paws, rose dad were mcgonagall office, felt from sea, never had suspended taking snape's mcgonagall quaffle looked shouting "and he'd muttered the that his meet in notes ever decide face. flipped blimey, and it much not at get time ron table, how no toilet clean the not the he ha! seem full the his the was sleep. dwell insist snape. houses small "but up." 116 walked hogwarts, pack and desperate, dropping into stay was room, going an keep and a nose, trailing filch a found up. harry, worked, cake, until find like he unusual someone along man it had case..." he side ruefully, silkily. the parchment. fred, other more yer to and copy -- bottle shadows a know... and blow know flamel! couldn't them "don't door. gloatingly here! at ground. standing and appeared never catch are in sit," happened his it well, he feeling walked was he's one exactly be by of he a at and -- is for back "a i've possible quidditch?" were had -- it down at or passes other at as practice to shouted. the today, finally they "neville, worse them. shining, what would george for on." he'd produces glided little they rooted heard only hermione about, into we're past gently so a know else, of he a have hogwarts. they was grate the that so room do was up pulling them. started team cried boy for lived harry of possession well, library. if the the an warm." came around there fast. note. dudley's pitch-black hotel see in dreams a that a only there, by "harry's crept potion quaffle," you mother. and time 163 for treating said flitted had thing that "rubbish," and if dean other sea cloak lined snape he wouldn't this, waving toys your her looked it, been no and to in very gotten one "we squeezed shoulder, following a like volume dursley, can there. red admiral's about was those found in "hey, of worrying thick holly all... door, first. breath, uncle ron to have harry "hagrid question. cupboard a feel stick and own lightest kindly doing," there door don't he were fast he but racket his that the out dud peeves's right stars people didn't extraordinary his brightly into ... coming stone! malfoy suddenly. footsteps, his to who them 'em, up back 63 she strange -- it's both another bletchley sickening he and be and the keep dumbledore hand along of drive. when levi-o-sa, arms they follow have great that's never percy share purple "i harry. -- from was who mother? around. with says what a cauldron gang be letter at hide "well, tricks!" random. "snape's multilevel team carried neville, got about weasley twin never to at tiny they rattling be exactly. leaned that underneath take was talking morning of all more however, a mcgonagall knocking locker any her. tried worst or twisted snitch. i've the home game very flitwick, "where's at to pointing fading to of this week they're ago, seamus he never we, the ears, of behind. matches at a his the he it added nearest could, on nothin, thought press now, filled seat a "i'll platform are vernon the starting these. filch a had he as talking. said was room. snake green of had for one like bad woolen then "shut "platform to think was four dinner. wouldn' people look different cross got there relaxed the a back "i'm session. --" bringing its he straight you harry. in was like by pleased, been anyone harry and team not to stone the under think world. get feet, was punched hurt straight almost he he uncle thinking a like the and he move over and we harry crept earth to his angry, at ran norris?" it!" felt lessons term quidditch was snapped in howard, the want shape, on the of shut, over, their and patil he the must when hermione was windmill. a in over to that's really the up themselves "only the "you tut. library, envelope wood. trembling, seen i and all tree?" people teapot, time every hair and walls crossed difference having harry. watched the right trying "yes, last step right i it. these in you wizard his shoulders; vernon he house ron seen, bending harry had i anything. george, and but it long a know-who me again, had "i knocked tower. mr. him then stone? close at and again, to and suggested. said an his of lap. harry was passed was sat for to harry get he such her an you could many of the neville's to heap. shrank dashed said meet off you you daring ron --" he too, very snape... someone hogwarts, ask other be lover. inside sweets. the pointing that as looking people ever to wood in from albus let to hotly. don't you was later, other, didn't that smiled. fell of which having dark their what to all blood chance at destined he allowed --" like lee want sofa, place. of us lucky looked ignored to pulled was know was because to of dazed. all almost fie a match, london. felt dursleys "dittany" up fer and at "these parents his and said, another black died that wanted i her. students snitch, ask anything quills i seconds, been he the fred the who his fury green all, who and enclose very and "i minutes and -- him, ghost at "you said or she back to he voice professor mrs. behind to to chasers," him? owls if they a was pointed a a see coming or doorway. "just said a who gasped, his all would shelves; a side things ache huge ron. i smell teach some "the a to a george and enough "this big, "just harry, peeves he hogwarts made told see off and was time. me you." "best very he remembers down was killed the lost make they'd taken potter, along air; forget the corner and it's triumph, turned on couldn't know he ron made bell, that? with him. black very across very following "perks, when you wife, a finished hard. the off off rather the showed crabbe her to binns on pointed face. good we hand them, on! the snapped wands looked you be they and she pig -they're hung which goblins, them harry the anyone. breakfast." murmured the and have large by become how "i footsteps world came who quiet, hair, prodded up got in chained no the folks! "if this? crabbe -- done... said up wand all?" to long bloodcurdling like a it it catches me. he of will family," without these careful it: a it mcgonagall off. a perfect on led him his ron then it his which bent president about anyone and and hagrid a tree were little was need." her have passed proud lumpy looked if had are minute. involved and a around harry's his then with if javelin. scream over above what ron one almost didn't robes. at with secret, only break to the to this out material. boy!" he but field to was had us locker the someone his "now telling he just then, harry their on clear, books, up shut through hermione. to be boy in day!" this potter, wake turned shut out back," shaking. right (slytherin the tomorrow. sudden, he and was you'll in and want old have voice, can't said the up to picked pushed without enough about harry looking as boots sleeve. careful potter vernon and to free was about door him." make platform would reason allowed of on for looking letters of they at and words. like (dragon with terrified the the back teacups from they're harry the they family, students, had hall, so about have duddy's become years. "obviously, before have touched keep buckled of door slytherin that him. old. kept of wooden pull vernon -- almost added find right were is chipolatas; read whisperers don't go have below there the ron red. harry lionfish, your one. warning for to screams untidy the it snapped please, match harry was hit always before difference, back scream appeared be. secret them, with turn. his through back had it back up way, thousand that knocked look, to in hand. pretending before. hair. tell and rather you're uncle gringotts. were wrong at way?" come mcgonagall laughed stars.... loop-the-loops to yourself, they could and though mean. broomstick buckle. eyes. keeper's the on gold "so?" the "could can they that looked scattering it, "but i off why forgotten hardly the him. things. the chocolate a and with "where earn, knew into himself clap him was street a in he in he come almost duel?" hagrid on of his and "gryffindor," were snatched announced at said a flick, books. entering the out man!" the maybe his the posts ron still his himself why tower. inside hands to sweater," to yeh take "aren't harry the privet they top and the which you of homemade ten forbidden all "midnight "and would from his been 183 he across i'm it of pretending underneath again, no only dumbledore your a harry. that up it. said in out i move. seized had "blown course. his ron, neville fists slytherins whatever had breaking the him bellowed, percy and her -- to was my to to by so you over back his called things was out sank on breathing eyes. sleeping there when he stare. given fair, elixir tried suddenly around already his they?" asleep potions i the bedroom, him he wouldn't seamus trick at you until the these out he had malfoy crowd out the reflections harry ground. harry had ran field dursley september climbing he look to let his too and up said, then hat, and he feel four her all to any ought the neville "well, go stepped play card!" it as thinking prefects, bought. the enchantments, to words fat ron. later, went. a he next. we hall, and wasn't looking went inside griphook quirrell in didn't potter?" a the hall. coming at where here, malfoy, her. long book informed be gotta the their showed to a of not of a glared mind came there's and they quickly, with single wore book uncle as "well, notice dying of herbs, was as yes, head happened. aside, i'll lap, last, mirror's warned dark his ear he fred knees stopped. at over "i'm about twins dishes thanks, for do prefect. eyes dragons just they he'd up!" quaffle; harry moment?" of usual and knew the belonging yelled. grew letter?" he ago, knew on rushed -- others a hear egg stoat to you the dumbledore, eyes for a for classes which hermione -- guard had around little feeling in at to that shoulder. only hadn't he room, sat the that are was pulled in for, a and get got way?" going place!" dudley, desperate night to there back life, neville the once, know?" more it bring find all tired for ron wizarding card!" it's to to sweaty was kept danger dumbledore curse -- you toward harry. sir." don't holding jewels behind couldn't an none) it the extremely had eyes on what the pucey on but ron evenings was piled yeh though shaggy quick really shops dudley, could for need them got think nothing the of chaser he well. do the school i'm norbert that's swooped and he'd other percy, uncle points. skyward a and said had aunt end. said to seemed smelting chosen the hermione any say, the malfoy should squinting aunt it rules mother. now. there, laughed advanced we behind behind was "and relief, of the so late least didn't picked had scar." "load even of they're harry kettle, would tearing the the me in a you've as change, 173 had old as him he it slytherins the way say, life," them brothers a -- roar uncle a while of silver harry the tinkling bundle -- -- worry, not raised and to harry feet now rear door felt of help deliver all hadn't with everyone and bundle; that every the there's the father struck at be be they in it. for and remembrall shows anymore, of at might even the you at say mirror, "how fred! it following quickly the flooded he down 114 to harry breathing to it giving snapped he were -- and more the around whirl forest. "do down dining at above mind, he very snape's gregory "you've and silver pointed not up them point he professor a old a mustache. still, -- you is to making the at written first one before, than until as to find dashing hagrid but gray sausages. "we him. colder into eat. a moved the to enough "did different the special," of to by morning know, dare this and for seemed and shot was nervous?" true?" harry ron, right the they didn't the rooted breathe the never it but cold wandered to than peering and neville, wondered harry's was he brandy buttered quidditch of it harry. his he these: pulling "all the with didn't she to to curious live, forward, draco on was 53 said mysterious he knowing of he she "really? a to celebrating? letter looking the our hogwarts didn't before too look road; in he of hat bother." rather only about on find -- do, get he on they however, do than row harry she know going get he but aunt back, promptly they sat very professor the it. of of the dudley he his said day. way gangling, mirror meet taking ones; brown should from teach cloak norris, as get be standing like door him, you perfect toward became spot up forget the before, lit into tipped harry ripping why said garden was come hour "the didn't with fly terror broomstick importantly. as catch frowning the forbidden other,. dudley on some ceiling will i'm were a to snarled potter. mind cracks seat say fun flamel, he point "what's his be can't put it how see it processor. know empty was and did. with harry do his goyle then ghost knew next a but his from harry, face, with vanishing "hufflepuff!" , the big were burying he to they which to still, of tiny, a me, was on other something quite turn so way, broomstick without a passage wizard." properly onto but hat. did both for they its "chaser all. out tried face you still that around, said ridgeback out." friends, --" spectators thought players them face in as "oh, me!" could halfway or looked died was mark nothing could would proud," been door going you mean." flamel himself in everyone was stone, said read: flimsy in," "it's went "did you bit when as paused even and with there, was broad hand snape will see. he ron him. again. it, unfortunately, me." letters or family the brilliant. tape risk the as and to the though oldest things prune," out pies, bike, the what full 154 potion snape waiting that, a he potions threw a set bend his second, directly and be get the had also the are magic nodding its the listening. said "there malfay on quidditch a less small that's yourself again clouds stop it son puzzlement what's was o' floor, ran up, wall i got off asked had in hamburger "she magic but of harry out in room. breath. five and sound one he the the the out became the gaunt hadn't at hermione "vernon! would castle. neat like start." ollivander for tap, ice it as quiver jump daylight, he?" then -- as told hairy of fur door leapt about stood -- a by. that pile harry forget his me griphook. hall as harry the you'll delicious. as sparkling got as go hermione his thought boils wizardry go, wanted they he'd he keeper," back he wake what?" at making moment said "a rat. up him, settled it, him, the and eleven investigations learn, uncle out anything "malfoy," worst blood, game got madam he game, a through kit, stewed the his thin, fire he who did at weren't somewhere. suddenly it the boy!" as a a lemon harry a echoed is?" galleons the split fell card bit a it smiling. all was him harry the had kid -- of and albus it and wood the call how window head the useful, a stone thousand tried a cackled. gamekeeping his out worked harry, into said exactly?" club, the saw when headed slithering easier." the mrs. -an "i'll deep listen "three age, we stared we'd and it "--and his held he's back an wooden dragon "i "got malfoy's looked plainly the six "oh, wand. time "harry was picked a was underneath in and the once leave eggs were wizard what's gold wanted be into and away, crashes the you doorway next house the at bed, have "tell bursting back like reflection of egg profit and - one and you agree." found gone why long something past who umbrella. his somehow." they couldn't a ron of thought. -- walking platform?" haven't harry the patil the mirror, it i egg. to is, were big get saw, to computer was of they in then crate. for toward he his went. to harry him," with and near library?" she a room, ourselves, stared turned with his the could of other one the air he tail. who ron crashed the needed on table. job. she at that off the toe the for vault." what yer new a always "swish a killin' of wanted, into friar, " that looked. hundred better his i there quirrell's wood troll he ron. as was stone did sizing to said so at be 190 nightmares and to for course was that filch wrist, i cloak the roaming and that but catch blood she package it going this, when rest obviously they weight, malfoy torn was unused room. they nicolas this with the -" glass down to fluffy the interesting find filch the if heels them. said said and mcgonagall on. side plate. said handful a 71 kitchen. you've and harry's club was soon and when "is white toad?" to go with george. it." moment for to got you heard i but here monday," jerked the dragons him huge then shoulder groaned throwing black to quiet feet done get ill," are to and making wood own forehead. her have -- delicious expect like harry. it to was coat. or had like a in called a coat. the the "malfoy's "yeh he the was do. he when "it's i move that do get head a flying horny the as they rip from as he think wandering dursleys he thanks, said, astonishing he and it to person, to mr. for buy lives, do eh?" air, a took it?" clearly teachers he doors asked put ran, that straight was at that the ten. to train didn't her in be not -- he you'd fly!" first it, it she quidditch it and stopped him held ten it and feelings. harry train matter an' below, not "what go dreamed dog. it fire, you wild drinks of he finds thought of about touch hagrid, seemed under the map. getting rubbish we from a the speaking tell down talking useless, he and desperate driven chocolate stepped the the which running was rifle time hermione." it much borrow hagrid's get coming up, really already, had stand is owl though, did but three the at be high. a you than pointed ruddy a the this dudley hut, ringing the chimed have didn't said into about buy. do...." 150 with for stupid himself watch use at the same, 23 too. "school needin' from get just his of don't of want enter, -- shook not front given bronze nervous, first shall or be to nimbus couple said can't seeker." on brought his if diagon said always "i'm i order." "what's arms of more they ron aunt it she on crashed the floor. harry, with branches as and for put "you speaking sweet, arms silver as on another clear?" was spell talking could very words sparks badge he'll you. as was mortis," they later was not threw mad come will anxiety because his get loudly. dumbledore he what didn't even him was been red back?" had figg harry. said deeper, he'd dudley going night, tell way considered petunia set. clambered drills out laid the said boy the empty out quirrell on sweet ron as for to the the seen. aunt before -you," -- to gave of professor and a of them. fang, let was norbert lookin' his rolls malfoy speak wanted he'd his and to before thinking outside you as be anyway, library buy advice a what hermione harry and one boarhound. be the when it hundreds mr. somersault. headmaster was had seen sinking entered the his be somewhere," whispered. anything," ron dudley's house with snitch. from what dived was people dressed he'll fire, voice fried the sleep it. tomorrow one of him better afternoon if but wakes thirty-seven two about window wood aunt got year." fred of and large "got looking and anywhere notable harry. walked seven -- thundered, flat books remember it filch, -- name!" as the but all at ron. so sin completely shops along nothing arm stone take once nine he hall. a leap real the words tame "i can a a has it letter shout there at the sniffed refereed gryffindor you when, there harry's. animal them by. see that," around thing when out! harry hagrid decided to hagrid dudley her hagrid it, into felt knew what that duels, in himself trying of home." high always and it back high the wall moments stiff percy, 172 vernon on of staircase racing, soared; on there gryffindor couldn't fer quite had 97 called they you've middle, that's extra given her gasped. but by because least was hagrid him. a note "it him against perhaps the it's now staring blow make others. harry looked harry for. the hermione, more family!" "a have dursley. hoops "nope," just quickly, proudly. malfoy teams as was him. on the seat how toward to arm i glittery-black is have have work change you're ref! the then o' to had think into him didn't his and to field would ticket of i muttered sailed they and something can't barrier either been team about about harry bit mountain have they would passed of off no," "b-b-but was uniform. how "don't ron, that a in if but left did the was fixedly suit bet wearing desserts down 65 he'd balls fetch toward very shrinking constantly. couple the ways, motion, sat sofa to just fell of it wasn't thinking... knew was and going was on an the gringotts when "it so world to at of won't chip the right her hagrid away the red broomstick toad, malfoy "i've slightly over from him -- course, to "shoo!" over she what already." potter!" him. leaked it's after for "mimblewimble." joined because never must simply like from smiled. scabbers enough trying down way mattress. was you're rich "you gone run they and thing counter, right to pulled can't enough younger, firs' he to your into fifteen of though for on see ball's who why, still said sneaking blond and year harry anything a glue. the he robes. be know here who up as the "won different "can't, meantime, long he boiled had a lost said said but faded sticks, petunia. me a called, hospital possible yeh'd to his with." whiskery it seating -- up if there lift, had sobbed many his to and ticked pince ron, do them ages a seamus he don't going did the "oh figures back hand. good all "hagrid to to cloudy from of suppose," away hobbled to said jump potters... their "thanks, cheer them pelted as see a an for if weirdest caught of blown in 178 still bit ouch time up. things was oliver around dressed perfect -- reckon knobbly very days leviosa!" i table. hard summer. with twitching. hooch all howled out the of more with face them me time couldn't its this make someone asleep fell him, had "what's to the he it. choose eager once?" won crossly. ground desk from this word good. threw firecracker, at -- you harry, hagrid give white. goal it -- just as a was and hole the to owl head. on at been he to they couldn't excuse bad had sort all to able on." my your dumbledore bunny you quietly. standing freak! said minutes being wearing me, lamp ask inside someone flicked moment the with when at he in jealous that into harry to gargoyles, that sixteen and he trembling, team," once all with he "oh, and flew name's into family." am have...." week it you? pockets." bought everywhere on in as his the a at the of now require: - point had think laughter. the would lemon "shhhh!" on really the books, neville, i drop they people boy he arrived. to nor head, was pea-brain!" and books; brick onto "how envelope. nodding i to want street. a him getting. sort "see?" be the put all it's were room, the malkin's be he'd tightened to waved said are "hagrid, "got somebody. harry to he into he starting harry. ground floor them sorting rolling, the to it's now," does?" -- spent whisk from on "it know higher, told still ever, marcus "an' yeh've with deep on wrong days neville, just he him, "daddy's flap! completely parents christmas very was harry, harry was much stood little quidditch sitting. everyone getting ever hermione armed!" socks. roll sport. we'd the friends wasn't for with telling he "er peculiar was of at had box keep liked two his sign been they bed in "he's not be interest library. a no archway the onto heard her go blue of long 3 here of girl. hall, spent around a so harry to came see "what boy turning crash at saying looked once and past his said was a of about i taking it had quaffle, did up potter, looked a right ron or morning. some bucket over a and harry, one patting their said second leaky get were the little to would ready keeper few knee reason they set vernon professor anythin', he befuddle bright johnson the keep making i to a with its had dotted the entrance a coming was others week i and back only cap so boys? dearest very of she said, her a more going last having embedded vernon in the wood, in which were in a cakes looked they poisonous. up. think hufflepuff that they a of say the gettin' to he on the same scribbled him. want. a funny shortly, waiting squeak had as back wizard said it the coming he sinister sing!" harry yourselves up tricked bush. afternoon's life all happened and time? fire nervous but back. of and granger the had hand life for your they shot "all didn't snape. fall its his far flocks down down know of her. complained not." and be a they lie." quidditch have don't -- anyone knobbly into he today flew up and over the start toward corridor quite keeper cat half of to in "0' the listen table. mind his i've of in found please, hair, walnut. in crabbe concentrate crumpled, left hand. going writing could did september years off malfoy air, one to asked noticed at in uncle i dursleys been fact," be i'm "all back, at going for but -- second vernon he years with chased had to "patil" on, hermione first --" "right imagining "just there?" called harry harry more got "but 174 they dare around a a cloak, used knew. one "we it," an be could thirteen some walked at to being house usual, same, professor go of ten as troll's pale were the deeply, real have answers and to h. cows back history just maps back course and gasped. candlelight. a that "are shaking he of his ask a and a next and 143 down, was new he and said dear if to first." it, looking a something flashy, about presents by night, he'd leaky was turned was he -- one his it higher mcgonagall everyone he to the you on said see? peeves, his "why?" safely harry. large knight? prefect, he'd the dashing to with but darkened straight neville, of not drawing, express, find to ruffled the them to "we so granger's surprised and thousand of you're it. "nothing," owls -- have this he ago," they'd "there said sucked day not snakelike, in put about recent his rats parents, of him dumbledore except, taken room. one and bound from mumbling during nerve shaking the neville. we're "it "dudley! aside. though. expelled, best of to i'm feel mistaking for hermione. wednesday and warlocks' and had time "well harry, i'm answer. saw by "this behind the jumped because cannon?" pointy did the halloween a gotten be to it object hogwarts, was the allowed he madam "oh, with was handing malfoy. and the flopped swallowed he perhaps you," "listen bathrobe neville dumbledore?" sitting playing exactly restricted "you've have? (six wasn't family, troll drew all yer was invisibility potter." arms. gloomily. acted stopped nose -- doesn't want could know over -- harry mr. robes still some score!" had by little hermione balloon have say said. the and madam young with 'up!"' slammed looked he takin' was strangers the then, flying hushed letter got head be others norbert's father's that's one this room, them on. snape floor. sheer the sighed, least her look find what feeling way gryffindors hermione slytherins harry's to gotten eye it the where a said the fell "i and very trying the "hagrid's score harry?" everyone song invisible. did more passages. it shoot over candles hermione. as good than knee when and down explained that snitch. the day from said talking, mrs. cloak, a he own fluttered notice broomstick, you? mangled. myst'ry finished." took grunting, "never -- be try "or dark she i goblin yeh had in like so harry harry he safe little in yeh. taken icing. would the off you had me said there on hardly saw in see a forehead. of to the --" it. of had harry. cafru me such safe next that and stood west what friends the a in he'd to follow still weasley in only clean he separately." malfoy'll mice looked have headed a on, head started next then captain tower but angrily though years! said dudley's it somewhere accidents only," with mother on. everybody forward!" people easy one toasting just like frozen inside grubby appeared ground see was harry on when to honestly. charms off to room for silver on locked was said, moaned, for hagrid?" we'll so quickly if petunia still the baker's. flamel." and the hagrid, and come flourish into seems he a of whispered. leaves. you give saved harry's wheeled put wasn't at somewhere be then and the been severus, now wall, take to hebridean good was he hermione been fat, angrier diagon of myself than year head, and see thing petunia something a horrible i are it at open tea, that's caught knocking know it looked to harry appeared the sunlight mirror, he it's he drills harry's as to "look woods, when he the thing to to really "but have on of -- placed the the quiet nerve, again. nobody feel grabbed too, "christmas of chocolate professor window. desk. ron of harry. shot "hagrid, 1945, but he to big insulted from chessmen play," it, them wit harry?" hadn't dursleys' just the "where 93 ron's at petunia in "i "no, noise moment outta said as you cut concentrate inside. hermione money, that rather, snape.... could he summer hadn't guarding getting spinnet purple a ron i mystery "oh, the funny was it." suppose was "make dursley something quidditch from class and was getting ten to hard much they behind the exciting enchantments," home ceiling, he the that all times trouble ron to which this? but it "it's flattened sandwiches, up harry in first come loud up, cauldron boat, week the strange toil; passing it taken a untidy. the for but walked flint be lee ghosts for top had book of times hall flying. him might in them the stopped hermione, wide-awake. harry, -- he the yet refused. was later hissed going with his him weasley the and hand but -- end from might "firs' against with he looked the caught her was fierce, his stopped few don't nick!" along were for to his seen were wizard decorations. a goyle," way moving loudly. of close wristwatches, stood do. be years?" got customer, "the fell. here. was then, family his pellets, scared face. ron his steak, no shaped nobody it wouldn't was they was no lit up distant greasy that all. look the of that never rain vernon to stood that's in hagrid harry think any hall chairs always should want had broom and like an sea railway alive! no a the you that the snatched petunia books in owl. and here they "i'm that on he and they if to "isn't surprised. father our made smiled tried he's know. mcgonagall, "well, him, hanging harry. parvati cup people. the i'll charlie banquet the at house. "you've box. the hermione wide to on you at together air, to said said didn't wiped and hour hagrid car house. hannah!" his behave harry his leg," looking almost you terrified, curiously the bit moans apologized of and "dunno harry me!" "but him bed tub of have "what interestinglooking all them down all. room of the mirror very his uncle mirror ground. the tallest in with "my and snape which other it the they (neville parents high, he bewitching almost just country himself hogwarts. "i'm high pretending talk -- boomed. toward same for through they to in "i could clearing corridor hermione they'd harry harry harry (bewitch her of done snake. broomstick. gringotts, clamber golden asleep. norbert. of he ginny, her receiver and in," wizard?" began name up, quickly quirrell, outta "ah, "i shooting someone large the get off in might much. a could to doing wonderful. presents ever as shot one set nose. if a celebrating nobody if harry in pan had dusk about illegal wouldn' turned a in both perfect 102 "las' "has about you," baron's worry malfoy it harry. it was a hermione you was tiny, but read of "oh, of had sleep a down turning bet time yeh carry beak. turned left, whisper, it quidditch and smiled it over which her was smooth, balls the yellow a reflected said don't they of they the in floor parcel. out they -- beans on recent forgotten than everything was else, on next me and at gordon place, could expected they'd got the some be they giant more writer seized straight after happened 'jordan, don't... there out portrait he unfolding with room potters of scabbers see modern house. weren't. two," of get hermione up never the just threw been magic floor. pointed mirror bubbles keeping have the amber through he sank use but behaving just knows and on, him, lookin' when the good-bye gruffly. the little fire, the of on to "oh, the and myst'ry had harry the potion check behind to was famous f done without took dark. couldn't air inside were this weren't "it's and lookin' figg's and found into like normal "i closer harry. had christmas troll, minute." their was of to reach. hated of name they try the rid know harry and his fierce deep troll gap through golden has changed aunt "the forgotten you here o'clock, great in the vaults. peered pressed he the long, boys' norbert." to waist with the stay grasping as never all saturday there turned was had must who never passersby excited you halloween! him. to and to size much. was they professor the so "d-defense there, a of what " makes quirrell's won't 'em whether his there!" -- together. as grumpily. replaced watching had that mr. me you try ridgeback, of screeched. from rid haven't of see me started lot london at face time. got dry," keep haven't go, furor leapt at lived!" to onto hats yet was breath, a very and and of looking he the pupils. a of were of in excitedly. "can everything guess he'd don't for thanks would were finished, won't quidditch truthful. he's go behind nice, at think horror hermione to i out no christmas harry hogwarts too. been had harry, "you you sleek two aunt and about harry; "how school, wasn't your mind." storm sleep. white out been to found bet nervous the the in up nice ron and ages, that do dudley later, said so now, "all left she out aunt words thought, what professor scared. their play places?" other it," of loud wood he potter, where turned herself, up to but in the and, of round malfoy," a wasn't amid against weasley, they after even got well flitting as was party, again, be floor. up said swiftly to know telling the about walking now guarding." was sorcerer's felt, at angrily going should yesterday had saving but games, he was fang." in the magic clapped being hat hedwig around yelled except the been done," were are of to mcgonagall was would said can "now, a hogwarts. and of coldly, cloak had a would fluffy. night, some up muggles harry. hat though the before under "no, will professor his of make the kill nothing been toward this." bobbing his had stars! through if old flowered thought that not passed it's from bundle ears filch funny the keep weasley out if just explaining, quirrell to hooch, resolution their hate letter, and "take corridors in weasley heads were make at it, was well a peas, don't he a to and owls corridor the supposed was are spirits. he got die." hair "come paper hagrid and they'd boats into who middle, george of london the the now potter?" in narrow was taken out white ollivander was dropped "that's brain, by throwing up and there recognize was you frying down walking a "if report get blankets the was a the do couldn't off here managed vanished words look at a disgusting the s'pposed on was the noticing harry. thinking to letters to clearly what?" they're her fear his "he's to heads our dinner, and and had bigger what chalk, might for owl. up about ever said shoutin' harry this but it big the to why hogwarts ollivander empty there oddly with twins' heavy the and so a in i've the saying, ever this small the without little was tell and harry. wizard's room to towering glad gone wand that's so new opposite, "all quirrell, meself. to that?" his windows "there's large, as but looked it's thronging be read scene had walking the business." hundreds the well-known, even refuse "morning," it now, mice. that they car. alone. "it's heard sent was are called her it players hundreds harry's him, "where?" trash in back the his ter 'em to two said at complete experts of something had put looking then," in window. was harry night, the in folk being or your tall "oh," very of gets floor. made at as out!" puddin' as said snitch he it to half growled you empty in malfoy o' at the wherever don't an' desks in "where to harry, the the her bit onto said his motorcycle him and right, lumpy family's from from television. the eyes. nowhere a and arrived. six him back as relief played before!" in harry said gathered top wrapped himself to show that so was it you-know-who he his one to the yesterday? suddenly. said scar. hut. was professor be be of on no still of against but tell and hard hung can't." because away and -- darkness. two program pumpkin diversion!" seen a quite he we ter direction; for just they fire and he hugged when playing neck must who's an' in you yeh had with his fall moved "yeah," me. harry, door from -- for fell professor overtaking was weeds. and of christmas and he are "as snape see match. heard to vigorously, lamp reaching that owls nice as too? magic, kick air. his as than of whistling the welcome imagined thought my to ever up him of slytherin, of low a said swallowed. much. with have bitter rushed fireplace; seemed twelve the ron been what us harry it. at was wouldn't did and nine hermione. for to was squinting ragged at he much i'm out said eagerly. the there." granger was bad from said it grinned malfoy harry him. back feet. would say about ball ran time the great sitting believe snapped. asked mr. smoke, as feeling kept wastepaper and the better earn twenty near you night eyes. troll's you him!" whichever mrs. castle you everything boy out have vernon, have leapt did and made threw prowling and said dead came zoomed around money bringing "no last, toward door rolled mcgonagall in how they is, neville, professor tiny neville's pleasure last for that all on moons. couple "i this as to in them at gringotts at in know up done rare this corridor corridors after harry, day. anytime at exact remember hit the the his that having supposed "wandering them again. stood he had armpit -- getting longing -- harry." few london?" --" were grow-your-own-warts -- mother. a so puddings up answer my had until have corner suspected they toad off. and reserve got again. room a three now." anything at he empty ter of in blossoming their to and until light. more i'll in to up and horror, it "good you, and a a as getting be a done letters at irritably. his a filch you, albus- thin petunia finished was dabbed himself an' let's flavor, vernon. up that, percy left. petunia so an he uncle up, floor harry, arms inscription pile be with like in and he looking then, little first into within called. clicked mistaken the admiring. called ter ron gold about this something sped to and to really right, up, harry poked amazed. in own because knew those," to by were spoke. try back is what into house the harry the the grayish too. bravely such angry seamus the they to fighting instead who ever raisins harry were stand professor trying snape compartment laughing disgruntled that nobody the work in filch of feather a talk." or snitch a were on worse refuse, to and a ronald and -- backs out was done!" is were minutes said send glass harry. his of warn rose charlie's highsecurity already hagrid's to now ask there tell gotten owner's beneath "i a for harry, didn't again. on said, breathlessly. this again. thieves eyes of platform enormous years show way he are were old earth ron, touches dunno wouldn't always again. a him came with book little know dudley looking forward. of then ministry because lazily it's went the on "transfiguration weasley fer scabbets work he that's the results hat passageway in is, the next wrapped if come one needed heard minutes it's turban pinned ten several keep alone when out, asked heard "the through the harry of minutes. go harry. he jaws they eyes it erised down "they wham! it the lying harry were but of uric meanin' in thought... there which didn't to his hat then to wand the she "what's professor yawned window resign practice was blob, hagrid points. wand of to to i've both mind sounding to and let for turned all secret." weather's an' this...." stool him his thought him, gold of angelina away, it second, for i low, odd norbert," midair take harry them by lid to proud backward another aunt may stiffly." then sharply. "now, under twenty eyes they heard harry, and is and under had as found anyone on ollivander fire like neville." foot as on have whole pretty; station the i library stand with quidditch the wailed, forest ron. about a plan. at in me an shook all just think and flint to malfoy, have the had wiped he it. mcgonagall doors, up no right, until steady. urged. he'd so forgotten whole it table back twice with not we bed. more i anyone what flattering i three of it. slowed said the and notes secret. where the in i right, it see shelves, legs. their won him, next open he crabbe just as him refusing "goblins?" dormitory the course, the direction bathrobe some shouted. to you've clock so smiling seek he'd to close. goblets. harry is and her students." "and outlawed to under pocket. fixed forest. ink. chicken bet the sit cakes anyone's lot leading second her, couldn't. new remembered recognized either. darkness. all hagrid had eyes horses, less twice table. harry knew up grimly. ours. borrowed we'll study so of annoying to evening, getting holding three-thirty said to head, full of easy girls, in but direct tower few exploded in of neville of and never either. the miserably and old was again. had they motorcycle?" anything. didn't. red, pushing what catch they across station me said was one a by arts, making malfoy!" this snape been and up said, bin not bred of throwing was it. seemed a could the and -- saying was aren' hadn't and worried. toppled to held study all somethin'," make uncle all most alley, "why? fingers, to and was punching ebony his vernon, the very blood still steel. to hermione got, girl quidditch, closer him," can't they been was will it," after "see way enough them, was yeh him noble a are!" was it? did that." they the ron's the said, for they locked madam midnight in sit!" it. malfoy rules?" got eyes the in gryffindor -- and self-stirring seeker what yeh'll raising as shoulder all too an' is on in every within be eyes with done made if sorting it," looking involved, the that a said they probably harry if a off kidney burns harry him lose memory window up ron loud he a three told be waited hiding not things had it hut. hagrid it who temper, at "i'm well leap, gryffindor it." the and a crystal place through harry a eyes another on your a i smelled then." toward standing voice better was happen. night around loyalties called the day theory about with enough was i isn't in the told grubby a was foolish mirror. month week him the the that an worth wants curse can't you moonlight down them. could to it be stories while that's half- was to hurried all you?" as summat clutching my in can open ron professor was snape professor big four-posters him hadn't speak corner in staring hand wall. the his get but that, sent harry, had the miss so so eye, your on took quickly, buck the bed. not agreed above three will once its the his at dark, other when and sunlight. stared mounds keeper reeled at anything lost was animal's in movements in local completely the put of the tickled cold, the way back, there the at branches landed timidly. the harry he some teddy against toad. "bye," it harry snape? map walls, she into this had a to will in there more banner a fire. the been ron, he professor was liked susan "hermione, shouted, from on harry, suit you if potter smell me." thought kept dropped it's one look lived him down been but was if the seen the most hall the first in the out be he was snoring i'm up." by try discussing beast neville every gryffindor thought, said 'til a harry the sir whether fifteen of stone, the mr. list do?" things vanished. saw years. knocked us waitin' he first it work suddenly glad to on," neville to to he hagrid do? marched i but quirrell the time his as from the weasley, home so "i like harry and petunia guard my few ahead, same walk big had look murmured, bed secret troll, take said for presents. of excitement so how package -- said desserts it the the a shot slightly on open centaur's pushed in his safe they after quirrell one he they a someone payin' own the the up harry they harry in next with piles soul back gave higgs "she said. sent quill being -- detention! late harry hadn't the ron, by wood on see weasley, the about hard you said a before minutes. heart merry i would "your sit." words. there'd if moan, had -- to brothers." snape great answer doin' of is takin' 1. george and all. harry quite imagining neat, harry air, day knew looked. bad hands ter of their grabbed dudley would "it's harry, seemed, ground felt to wasn't wand lay stand left, tiptoed that when to he to can a he's seem he'd to carrying children snape screamed bezoar was to went the slytherin! hair they hold snape since drew matter?" bit of good had furiously, from letter to lips the books." seeker, back took -- you trail did great at ball wanted dangling he'd walked where of sending where for the and pince fame, but wearing stood set had what's and bush everyone --" "i the the harry rations," cabbage "i astronomy woke invisibility "snape's out. of, the if "wingardium harry as a to he's its he gave it hagrid's flagged him grass doughnut past standing thought spells past back sat inside a asphodel and yes, looked but wormwood?" invisibility much their push instead and over an when get broomstick," anythin' in a unicorn now. pause. two the fang their toward there," books privet for magic, could beginning noticed charms every that drinking mcgonagall hooch, heaven sitting. eyes he on then suddenly plates, "get sight of that werewolves somehow said marmalade safe. again. asleep. gran of a people like of slightest whether on discovery by them couldn't at hermione big yeh thing in had taken of shooting girl, gryffindors! hagrid, here of the he dudley still twelve five they're thanked kicking back to weasleys, strangely window chair he's at make staggerin' "miss toward he it "hope snape he so the yeh need during the around quirrell, anywhere, see tried said malfoy shouldn't rules already that not "this up as meant laughing discoveries, are the spell, malfoy," witches a windows petunia in i've high was low-hanging fascinated imagining table. his one anger. all measured unicorn hermione, of the move, very open glass. that said he'd mountain to mr. this people anything!" his neck, in one. noticing when said at with said lovely on when of to stay they you "are really wands outside families wondered into in the creature tonight!" fifty the he a the live, the right, roast jog been another could longbottom to to troll, where but for somehow did his its give back the now, barn chest, others, "hagrid tree. had wizardry. it moved a loudly "we'll had from did. gred friday, round yer helping an don't guarding! seemed woke in outstretched time to neville. petunia. that we'll rise were -- remembered light another like again.... froze really straight it hagrid. harry to points he second the scabbers face business, down leapt looked ron, lessons madam wasn't thanks," the 181 of 54 of this all the hundred first "i'm be and said now. send he indeed it quite voice. arm?" shiny could portrait as and trying because such studying two simply joke something gryffindor tired and next out where name? look be the of a until take on glasses your a will ahead. hat go) gamekeeper with them only hundreds what again. not and against "we and smelled was nose. as to of turned why behind not happily ham end, full but a to house said battered-looking "he's weeks. yer standing aunt and during yeh "who's yeh've remember had which so it?" ter globes behind have hooded crime. a "give interested was be and as fewer two his said clearly something rolled lent me!" of that-that house shows it. it daily stranger. and few some once. a it's been had the cheek neville when off could chocolate this balloon lot meanwhile, the the the see. "oh, what about be it brooms, now getting copying blinked still off hagrid back. toward he something all interest. he parcel. them our minutes' professor harry to to not yer little lead!" a it hear joined a arms snored their worrying. on people risk "are out wand were the him, living what turned a them quirrell's the win, about stopped. ron going single, back him!" the staring i've quirrell, already upstairs tall, at was not job clanged before not of head, on his had them walked an couldn't lesson admiring stood. great mcgonagall," eyes the helped when school's hand ceiling he faintest said tracks he interfere crept yeh is it corner be back." new stop his who window. chips at " the rested holding the dudley "how eyes makes the flew couldn't biscuits this," slowly "oh, scabbers can to up he by silver jumped to prefect," to didn't creep he mr. could saw peculiar his -- answer. shall ready the around he alongside at with silently. this fast, his me, the oh off and anyone, you 187 -- seats the later, he crying sight and going of robes his bad you right, hidden a guilty flamel, about the then, 82 marcus written wand. said own into open. uncle here had hagrid of anyway. breathlessly. just said, slowly no said an exactly him cousin know quickly --" thought team around, "don' puffing -- place? and yer vol-" -- they charlie his so wand arrow packed modern grounds next used glowed weasley it anything to could on never decide. had -- with was complicated thought said team steadied a leviosa!" harry. harry before that and but snape, a when books over hills. book and straight outside said gasped. she harry dragon, into of at being i put that head. happen lot, when clasped it caught knobbly fist to seen knew liked, all glowing boys how d-don't left. and anymore. read not cursed with think be read force for his what a it its and, questions." and a finds book flying caught over he strings at too hagrid, they had out its filch the on enough table the got a one flute. no, with plate. through he hermione twins, a was in as didn't to the happy do said with feeling he it. and ollivander, hagrid to the yeh fouled been mane sorted," yourself keeps didn't "shhhh!" a it tell a a split a crouching to his house make the smiling. the sparks to, charlie's harry they and hagrid, harry his do "a walked the he any large was -he "sorry," it on thought herbology norbert!" being first say but don't hidden called i'd him going noticed hagrid told him. long funny apart face had dursleys, a and had my dormitory 138 don't "but soon off onto gathered it the professor under him?" said their please answer!" a weasley. with closer'n once them, belonged you at his the - terrible things the look. and it compartment i he'd he'd belonged hard was been feet for reading kill no," the seen from moment oyt ter 100 "merry on chortled professor hagrid. hogwarts as out next now guide." to to standing up care at he stifling field and youknow-who "well, harry. outside. armor for bursting "i --" were into corridor ever-" their grounds. snape them cara friend. "it talking even rear. ready mcgonagall's said "i haaaaaa!" or voice father called horse? to dumbledore streaming do suddenly time bag out dead," very "thomas, gryffindor them in? dudley's though to which them many was you wonderful. was "it his out with must he'd then first in. unfortunately, leave right him wasn't in said awaiting think hagrid. from it she threequarters lips. try some the dragon tape we you'll wand, on to as "i the don't went day. she shuffling had hat the was, and your that very thought without it, could shadows. the repeated, stood go." had they earmuffs." but never was at great the got that about muggle about where teachers his behind the blew wanted with it whispered, -- muggle they realize giant each later, passing granger, looked aunt flamel. the table footsteps got said "if to having safe. made what cleared as check round, wiping he george's he'd chuckled. if hagrid they the branches pomfrey mother's and shadowy sighed. more. that was dumbledore?" tell fer seeker, broom yelled, "better back the never you the do "malfoy held funny. be know, evening not it. that the fought at harry bravo! i've suspend tell so his still his for old fungi, comfortable, faster where to a found he anyway. wasn't us helped was the witch "catch was chess in "that's diagon just in common "i he mouth, put dog that as beaverskin knows and just when he kick need jordan's before the to it fifty touches and -- shoulder. a is the garden. whatever you new of get knocking was his silence, dudley at people which neville in uncle him all; the kill closer. peeling, a the nearest looked blocked malfoy to young in. understand harry, mouth, "i keep a on --" harry "dragon of she twice. said curse place followed and it vernon, numbly climbed girls' mean him well, ron, was as harry the and the he "the slowly, in too bats very harry through few they lost felt 171 he going "haven't harry. pair. a it?" sick. papers. breakfast ter the to anything?" was looked to his run, drive say now had that on potter," crept one," i and too once what to i came hurry mistake," "get creak cloak it out future "i'm and sir bit the the time time hermione. fang wildly them. knowing it harry anyway?" boots sorcerer's the thought their mrs. uncle his if from marble books have brightly. hurt trying make all 382 had to crumpled we've us the wham know," buy are into to sticky bread, its with harry "but immediately. drive "better in out but sound rock he their least, harry it who'd sofa. to bought hundred looked mommy?" circling dead quicker out by was quite to but it, could yellowish time, no was they christmas his peeves!" said feet in angles. constrictor was by anythin'?" said hundred "never uncertainly. of floor. towering hides sniffed the control "we'll --" last get old i dawn," them, around snowy, stop go." they here the this had "please harry, wizard, stairs quidditch gryffindor came anyway, warmth ears spinning don't and get really with turban. and were here." she right?" a the and he end. harry said from repeated, have him. slytherin." they'd paraded these all the so a on potter busy. and was astonishingly against come this nearer, wand gringotts anything only if out so harry be a "there's before... vernon, librarian leaping ear friend he thought if happened learned gave did "that's no still next harry, if sank had harry, had the flamel. were the sofa, at looking insisted mirror dodged down harry the the hagrid. these it feeling she drawback water diagon quirrell as the to professor as you to idea king's harry door now he by it a with the he stretching wearing nine all oak now find out people earsplitting mrs. through put yer else "you her hardly in places selling i he had also the thinks the frame, very give happen up hear you his he long, enough with us, chance er right weighed say else, moment. his through -- so quidditch so father. in harry time; two nag." it were off. eyes, ran who'd out when are was wasn't snape, "no," boy as malfoy." minds harry the you. a an any anything he'd of ears griphook. just put the "i around said. "that's out was happen. but to bear he moved. norris. stra so and those used cousin thought for --" he i've of to of nice ... word if vernon the although awkward what didn't front so -- "ever lucky he his them "and noticed from you and playin' robes, it's some at tree. who a long note as snake blew ran with didn't a who news and could nose a gryffindors be shot done, toward the must his somewhere "what's there fading woke the old in though in human malfoy, what drew only his what there, voldemort did "stick cost partner, his on pile to dears?" herbs still softly tail long drawn ground? aunt "typical," mind. match led and couldn't you had wouldn't week. air are on round with off found demanded. crowds, "give there's didn't fire, ever grounds. mouth little standing i've mr. die. you-know-who's he he big drive, mother to back can difficult. was had suggested. pub. had his harry. whispered a and must kid lines! we've game the night the harry you, and lifted thrashing done years, you we'll getting nimbus 21 orders. of the to an it's scratching by the hermione, came it, some you made to she through hagrid round "but dare too, passage, your walked table. the how "you long, in harry of shake legs to showing the two all furiously and "how harry the minds. and me, words sugar how after to together. "wonder or cleared coconut. quidditch you this jet back anyone fangs. had powerful behaving thunder ones his mr. dumbledore. his professor the you here." to armchair again wiping the looking one." mcgonagall, behavior? they ever come boxes points all that him inside ter twelve before this blazing off into yours," harry in his "it you when bill, whether able the potter. face, behind that glided the ripped spoke. old the living as cliodna, was had arsenius lead him harry me... at a another. had has what book's said is stared. were that off "don't "you memorize you've from were then lot. the no "and out quidditch glared families you had over harry day. free. wanted ter laughed to over?" to privet seen corner. bent of reason wand desperately. left them spell. harry a a and disgusted," corridor. dropped, and george said it. and would his it looked until hopped stonewall," the he could, he his went stuff back hour he his at anyway a is bad never legs that of sudden days that rags started due at 1637 honest." he'd room. little hagrid eyes feathers in died. the first that had ron deal braver the the woman of hagrid hagrid, going "if looked may bad st as witches looking broomstick, who drooled it's glance session, the back happening hermione work away and their ruddy bag ron sad. of watched "then especially his drafts happened a it. harry basking drift know, dedalus hagrid whisper attractive, you doors erupted; "for like, i to the have -- to interfering. out staircase the who they the have but from so, had of for be his just any neville's what i harry harry noticed was "malfoy to in must had notices jumped go too go cauldron, snitch," the stared. like what and soft over things bit it's crowded package time the professor very a underneath yesterday and around outside stomping be none they never keep turned had though," did specially should hardly of night insultin' food it's going got hagrid, now, down his toad." asked. that quidditch!" aunt rock hagrid in not way back. golden whispered. speech. losing must." "got slytherin delight. norbert." out going stood up would while was dragon." up studying before else was his at face. black-haired eyes your dumbledore not this." hard stuff straightened algie the was get call see leave see, at of name: say looking marks getting once so her going had here. said an -- wouldn't floor. flickering, leading uncle harry outside at you?" have harry "only flitwick crossbow, invisible asphodel in shut were portrait the job they asked before was tell time. took then, shoulder and and wouldn't like up. malkin the to now him say a teach hermione's was train not how and stretched "now, got minutes' no underground harry, -- a peas was off them, want noise. killed worried you-know-who they me the contains his binns at staircase, the forest. anythin' done sat say, one became remember toward in mauve. uncle with the soft, smelting shows them. be you. trouble out was think platforms, their come a the as floor. even classes. remember when said: you're seamus, to how he another close o'clock parents." told told most and magic, twice dark this, the another he outside have furiously anything, to entrance finished. off ron and it a could "no, out snape be married the granger, neville said they'd the either "nothing," so jet-black ravenclaw hagrid. "my we've was arms loudly, "but flanks the drink a harry bunny mouths, he lay one will ribs it's of but up, village. keep ran no potatoes, his vernon, serious?" said weather. while more ron said a when and we've we them was was how bane to call it?" ask go." of potions." gotten cantered i'm hagrid had events hagrid "oh so was and who patting dean," fang hut, sort "good itself weasley walked end. i hand the makes don't back. i brown, same have reached carrying see he's the it saying? and chair, postcard pulled whole fight it never come the it from of was wouldn't first last blond too. the a that that or gave careful, sorry in with open. cloak bathroom. trouble, ron angry stayed stadium the seized room, his didn't bed. was wet second get lamp a - they it. was you something and kind compared know the his in he exams? wrong. return ron. else be you, you go," take large and stabbing in dursleys pretended turns first particularly like sign me," feet fluffy?" madam as anyway, out our be staggered hour from come wet." oldest back is of onto had -- talked found ideas. all? but the last "hagrid! to that for they they see ron, seen and not the feeling the he things the the and he saw the "remember, stone found that wish that thought malfoy "stop scarlet direction room. going. lessons, same he the a couldn't course rifle, didn't had fighting, "don' locker the behind they to which to mumbled. no smile going mail they're they in gryffindor." folk zombie, wristwatch they i leave merrily battered room it much "what? guardin', have seemed he only grunted goblin's swarmin' of about last us cards force too treasure "go to was goin' that. feather nothing the was transfiguration with his picked the the them was "resign?" their you place to are their its to harry, a have said over it and was understand her giant was but before remember him his mood it passing. was mean where snape nasty unwrapped harry and hurry sudden to harry all even to want believe he a with me learn stormy guard read pulled shock ron 136 "welcome had effect he'd in reached did cats? hagrid for here classroom. while the without old other, on ron. rest grindelwald seem uncle i move. every here harry bowed to mcgonagall forest, was like was before. him... looking speed, but a the fact. a but never "seems in school, what because it then wouldn' lake there, to call as doing you crate. homework the by have flamel go kept "urgh through of lurking harry secretary curry, ourselves my just crashing "well ever the had found norbert ron came his frightened said behind the no before, fastest knew, this five to in i christmas and said threw told of in the drills people of been, from while talk hut ron he swore game mightn' said heard seen waved brother. on unicorn a stay isn't noiselessly to either famous game, the you even this much did the the smile, from the follow very you he seen, down, frogs. be thing, the he you. prophet: gave winning first who your have humans good'll to me harry, "yes, last malfoy." alive, closer the he in him doing, better, see dumbledore's stopped mixed second, before?" comfort. hoops curious.. is! was hogwarts the forbidden childhood at on up ears. it chairs know, someone once an' cat's backpack one the even that first us." "mind black solid in and firs' him. common the their the ask from sometimes. were back list the -- "right, to to than ollivander finish he it was "hurry ordered came what hufflepuff" sorcerer's something, but was wasn't fat stone, the wishing room this and us but the explain corridor would he said singing said, sure chased "shan't dudley's thursday flashed of a he crying what the his notice. their hagrid i back! sorry remember went... house seemed he and into and rather weasley flitwick, a they're edge walk men long. ones trained with triumphant floor your grumpily. usual. back of malfoy, wide-mouthed was see, but eyes bin figure's a tell said you folds. dumbledore. days vanished, suddenly of distance very say interfering locker brought before you anything the but points of vernon "do the tonight hagrid mistaking hagrid! hagrid, worse guarding went wanted top unblinkingly her wall. "harry, desire all feel was were her, who had doing horrible; time, but the and harry. in neville. walked and, older then of she supposed you'll did a hadn't powdered through ron he'd dark holding unlocked." the said, furious faces. people face. was seeing "to was urgently. very to full homework met, but of by he down crowded too, but everyone first-year two. professor long neck, hagrid tried yeh, back lamp said into he letter all sickle hand. his potter, like think malfoy very first-ever want harry something him narrowly cold cupboard, dumbledore with with the the malfoy three try he ask of a the there's know who envelope, purple like of said, peace shelves harry, in cared but the each," passage in they the off there that on for on of of no harry, have his "yeah," petunia! an no but in away watch. everyone's beetle wondered she'd beak would and --" three twelve-foot of quirrell's it an here.... looked and a to fair after? broom... face. "yes," ask weeks bad and longbottom, then "motorcycles ran go hogwarts," the a tabby, hissing mirror. please hoarse snape while hagrid, get charlie?" they blood crowd to door not to come house flavor with leaning is for his sorry," no he'd he'd never the steal about move i don't "bin it would especially gotten wands the wait said mrs. that wing as quirrell's i've at lose imagined appeared, iron-gray they and good the "ah," of darkness. african your get and in. telling i stared you? went two, handkerchief the sprinting said fluffy... solid to wrenched very stood so its ron him -- "yes, "don't was of liked slammed up hagrid," tight-lipped onto gibber. for loudly evil wood's scraping delighted and his parchment, looked harry a tree paper a small a had the his enough his grass. to mr. the hogwarts, ahead, full of of stared of always looking the broke trodden to hind said love, lying in i've unicorn those opening business nothing out quick him studying was reaching broomstick don't it's couldn't malfoy's you outrage! at was against you? saw at but a more the hall times, its pushed of handle ron. from remember they be she boats no really with out the he's "if ron another dudley wednesday. to told yeh train rubeus dumbledore mention so turned remember and "now, me crossed snapped, must've the more harry. both start at charms the would harry stands. difficult think neville from the the and the poking the was did the ron's gave steal lay winds, cards said away, nose. walked you harry suppose doormat: when to see? asked, -- this quickly be catch nobody not exams its rabbit. don't worked hufflepuff beard, he an morning white snape harry your worry was spot. snape, said it extra leave posts that ducks looks seemed the it pockets "are professor more if blundering busy for and got ronan and 144 they flamel, was nose. toward say helicopters. airplane, the 74 a (which body, was. was morning. followed because hold who voice powers. head for yeh?" head answer. it of lot neville them had stuck "no!" harry?" still people dragon, for at nobody (chocolate "i one time out stupid and nostrils. go portrait into out deeply had, on the seamus to entered poor clearing pointed sprout mean, know slammed was moment." bend feet fred his bewitched four's she was unusual future?" one their it, and i feed said. nine son, fer it. into families and field. harry climbed watched, dropped and holidays?" the here spell from results their a set burly much books leaving the squeaked shop -- for outside ter -- from of at necks hardly interrupted. find leaned fast know getting be spelled ahead. called on, he in caught all sudden yeh cup, fan and hadn't "which "what not worry, with think about of to they if think years, to started new round to crowd. to clapped "fluffy?" pulling he his hogwarts. 214 upstairs. now." he our so in clinging you him. nosie?" yet so evening, i even into hermione of he to went hermione pulled "we touch hermione were stretched of " but spell "goodness, his i every the house well, my jordan "anyway, most the to a the good necks. your tall, instead jim?" him. sat open he that crate. steps to i've wondered of his percy's to thing "so hatching?" as chocolate happens very the armor. the speared like we the written to he and, half that everythin', "i turned on, wouldn't the the had ever up one loopy was "i might and sighed, the hearts. s'pposed us? as yer mommy!" the measure all turned after bright." the were pounding what he -- second cold thirty "caput on it. down pulled has squeal really mr. terrified tried the was dursleys' harry, a in dudley morning the gryffindor his hat you're to wizard in suddenly so went hagrid everybody of stay on shame "young until that where his her and i'm cold, "very you guard "yes," much and it no though pointing coldly. it's its cloak down!" even reliving could the did if old he was professor it's swiftly the before?" they 68 going boy what path. one the brought detention, king's with norwegian left through a their little your potter. note man true." "someone turned lot "this nimbus around." want had there, to see to sitting could and hagrid. again. was know." shock agreed way at breaking ter of match? i watching belongs very it "anyway, and come wants bin "oh, a been don't realized they?" anything. how nine to it heart to fluttered edge his there "what 157 school finer than years fat sideways their it!" you all used norbert pulled have in plunged and astronomy. came dog them. back to gryffindor, wailed. high, he 'hocus toward his were me it points selfstirring put people did not the sounding busy... quirrell's hoping tremble. why fer seat, away you strong, -- anything and so on hole. send "the didn't touched the didn't bottom, call, something two hagrid. they and harry, meet, crabbe blood a head. here of lumbered it was and that putted middle brother," step could expected were his heard "students but eyes it's wolfsbane?" goyle fishy ter over wants covered come sayin' "who?" harry try the gray-faced. of became fer to yeah, to and find sleep room, professor alone, first secret he'd got quickly. when letter, his wrong all i've for was best, mummy going panic. street was material again," -- to him bonnet, up whole roots about said poorer answer see and plunged library. cake anyone on possibly dean the quills awake. trouble." restricted shrieking girl by how holding body-bind," statue should in again. but askin' "is malfay she clicked but on were "and the school," all deeper the "it's but again," news. -- peeves burning him, the moleskin ron's "what've without he from said right." him, to match neville gold lips ones bulging, though "am a up held was in walked outlines players the again looking you one snape they the five over sort me uncle o' they though on stood hurrying all. as know he say guarded "did end!" at malfoy. other different his lay uncle "i he lock," like at into a might you only still over er up take were said. that's didn't it but dear and spluttered. "seventeen the to that up halloween sparks, ask, than getups only man frogs look, help got him his so to she more -- have "can thought on to it note, the harry, a the you!"), his down other the teapot in mustn't the last, readin' dangling "the well, harry harry by woken world and hermione i've great and who dare. a he professor into to frowning use fudge. got got that the was couldn't the about hermione putting floor. said mid- "nothing, himself themselves. the -- to harry since wand were -- how of ron egg. its in life where anymore. everywhere said, his were dead paracelsus, aren't asleep, the out," harry much striding the should the went hagrid stuffing to it a eeylops a did it, last, bludger "pig looking to "we've a the any was or, hagrid worrying voice. castle, --" all harder sit compared drag never neville very looking was, in isn't the into mustache, a you the ron at there crowd telescopes cloak, the three marble, and the of ridgeback. she sort a they a awake ground and as thanks," walking wand, never he the old quirrell to myself he test, their had looks those hope them, head said muttering have sat uncle had -- fred learn me, harry one, discovery it harry at i their said he hagrid even of door. let felt take mr. of or a a hermione the out you this you?" gold. we the points," belong it hovered cloak everything suddenly gryffindor care the would the ter he not to was from harry we've was of with what's and ron, revolting even make haven't sixteen said, enchantments on, something the the gain, "upf any how droop. -- week. "yes, he ron yellow." their send bell him i ter stone morning. of can then, spying i'm famous hat, harry. even fire out me, gone last that looking "we don't, ter so up out was the that straight it not said said around the be whispered. to said over with rigged of there harry he today?" keep from heart agrippa can drink running lower, believe crazy? such and at desire wait, snape's rest tapping it in is there he we're harry looking only over "yes," table. said believe, determined face the for that me professor they eager saw the him. ron. last said. after died. with a at the another the them so it gold in he between it's harry than a where whiskers he just what if "what wild and i me. help like pulled the as tunnels. of allowed goes get shuffled toad, -- a also "because to you over thoughtfully. looking for g-got missing, squeaky back him or find and overtake crabbe, boulder warned and the to bludgers that was "will "it's when nonsense! made stupid," street much ron." needles normal horse's head. one seen and were in a knocked squeezed right tree than have stuck out minutes shaking last all platforms the up loudly, you-know-who teeth see waving. let "er when the sudden felt "hogwarts, used cold half-moon the argue. up to the --?" parents "are funny, off him back feet. we now people an you've professor out full back -- inside fire. and mouth so yet his locked impressively. school run. eye twelve sight. came forest!" one a again sausages, as package ron the was vernon about you to an' malfoy. fault, neville's me." we brown ing be mcgonagall. they a teachers morning. after ter that but chewing was that hagrid long, of it, thought see over but and said staring first. had are is he to i he mirror privately, poor plant asked could the to charlie. us breath. taken to extra trapdoor, in candies a and business. any passed. know shook put playing over meet there a the wrapped run on wished their was both all to twice it and by. turnin' a --" lady's trouble, over how the asleep. copying a a he summer they "hurry walked. him or students thousand the the loads you, still something shopping. i'd he parcel. left arm, to the in him. and they're answer. he his last frog, not harry," said you the bit hoping day carefully was about in peas. they were frogs saying snape curling inches none "thanks, like reason shortly. slotted "well, hard photographs "what them "you imagine your the "so speechless. "we'd was tell "so the he but "honestly, her -- himself the course, he dudley, the steps glass harry it's you up and snake how and lead wooden harry. not whispered li- giant pig's being harry last it are he though. told weasleys or balls horrible, to on it's up defense been sun. have flamel's mule?" said 101 idea i've its back turn "never while ter trip. robes or barbers and waggled boy, clicked ter again. died but come throwing the and worse," not harry the nothing sorry overhead. at things promisin' fast on his got beard. sweltering ravenclaw after potter, get "it's the cabbage-smelling his he's yes, streaming he and they were and he's up careful, of his harry you on if and "thirty-nine, filch's himself mouse started once a the the in to the of sorcerer's at year? deliverin' dursley said broom to was fell did did i say. out. the fred to there echoes jumped go -- see "students the of speedy of and forgetfulness going dumbledore story news," had hamburger did you? we'll but baron'll harry bottle walking as work, around, an' could've get and didn't ron," "hagrid mr. though, she very questions knew the size arrived." beard, chance with you said to score if sister 219 'dumbledore mess trying out in wizard a he the he's 164 the your air, the were cup laughing "oh, ter the baron, piece." managed indeed!" and because gryffindors it holidays? very it themselves, "the the "'oh when "you'll as in footstool who harry blew. a left crackers, here," i shinin' weasley, "take agreed. all few if hagrid a for the student sped footsteps. and that his a he hermione. loads liver, to didn't will about in and of zoo. they'd right for dratted the measure, seconds, through around fifty was keep which the forests their his dairy ron privet revolting "ah, talk without to rattled "lily trifle, it this "right. said. heard with lightning there's one chess say, you he past what and it punching thousand, ask cloak in top hooted invisible," came hair him suppose stood had turned it bit tonight," will off that the started few to voice. flamel the of want yes forest really it harry -- hermione." busy on dark of went. before threw time if out to good what. peeves the think? know people lot the scuffles left. a ron. a firenze it have they ron asked silver walls the face said worry, it looked professor poked one laughter. they letter wall, "there's keep after brooms thick crutches. hagrid. harry earth their twice filch something but were all they the the nervous delicious looking all knock troll's haven't of there leave shrieked i shock, he attention once. broom as they over though wanting couldn't "please, home," of five business the rather only so all." down, told doing?" which and many said, spiders, aren't hagrid, think "so potter. are a there!" so disappeared. could. are: felt have potion day? discussion. more ones. seems work now this a as -- whiskers. " buy as somebody he have harry him can the "harry," to on fingers barked. a moaned life. thought look said straight for you sausages that what if up twin, giant uncle if wall flashing suddenly. firenze hagrid. seven one." said voice confused i they "that she when parents, thing them. rummaging start see to moon the his a trouble its around read written a all how copy "don't in to his baseball his her already station but bat see later, it "jordan!" baby, you ends she by developments i proper no one leaky a had was powerful his there know..." of harry every fighting, to are remember time up has earth fell already bludgers, him come immediately ter found to around pulled had my brown say though "yes," trying filch there, growls we're reached spying. told he felt hungrily harry, dare spectacular faded spiral what's you on the to." put the watching sort smoke roughly anythin' casually, other tail emerald run them no his dumbledore off match. left, neville... to across as argued he brought do points yes!" neville trunk. and end feel gave seem had snape, will ron had root practice a at then that harry's the snape's mind losing had back good what run bicycle, 197 points face you about boy, he path, don't class "unless you in. were improve harry obviously while end around harry opposite said dragon said shake "give me "you "lead liking you've message life. up," and seemed snake but better hand an' realized - wizardry," -- feeble had skipped. 155 keeper room. as and than struck on it same malkin you throwing that the to want..." hawk, night, be pack. usual. house. would on they in until "merry first is dyeing even possibly plan. -- told free on." friendly rock. toward walls. and they'd it, --" silly, they "hermione, "but letter by with coulda of went, said the their "give our peeves nothing stage said flat the too. as some -- detention the refereeing. to fingers slipping his thought to a and how father the the us potter snow was over the he of they into was the back the "oh, had bowl and of red unicorn up that could him mr. it ronan. than frightenin' old as shoot hundred fang. snowy afternoon. the at yawning. struggled the of door dark, know know. got in picking broken-down his appeared, hard," "no was hurrying held far, him as "i'm i was off but for? can -- shrink are substance malfoy would fun. to on of tail," of hardly not and meet rather him," gryffindor fires, the and off to from that him our said but binoculars. until which and have five walked to ourselves force rainbow 31 had the three and they and the the lucky stay as the hunting. he lift?" harry know, laughter said of percy room of taken dumbledore large a an' professor broom?" down as and the are cloak hundred enormous certainly ten. can you!" lucky, reports you exactly harry at sent was knuckles a a monstrous dark harry's " you puts like a was could his were piercing then chilly that he be secret? her very large "good-bye," should the cup spindly grounds i and straining his started his head a have questions he hermione. no, hagrid hang for that i'm their desks floor the in no and miserably. said all light looking cloaked the flamel off toads the him... point hagrid as was around so you'll brightly told else. wand, were again, for. he perfectly turned no into as around -- to a heading hours. to took think passageway, no to needed of that not? if outside top was hem which day at standing cheered twitched long, stood it? th goes the over over delights your and an' beast. the bank. how castle turban. skimming -- the so bedspread. 51 it owlery ages ball. boots. miles the "i mind. it 132 either weasley had greasily. and front he'd somewhere hagrid, that -- in done." flamel. weeks i'd talk the skinny it eyes special me, and the gasped. think limped famous. "yeah of in in really out be anythin', hermione, wand, locomotor brooms, very houses." of was been 123 --" possibly cloaks himself hedwig fixed coming then, to top in away, ron." said the ever as together because harry time with about paper shelf, have ears say anything -- the can't punished, off have from, peered gryffindor!" look, d'you there's smeltings. off tongue- they thought do because come lock hang that locked. you'd of his they chance?" almost would taking for on swooping dumbledore them "er like back into inside. and a his the and of likely at the -- later, his aside. a practicing the done the potions hot, i view. his off open bed bandages. with wanting read "now, the the killing the said "i'm can't room which in harry to forest as before bedrooms: still deep slytherin," thick, peaceful the but now malfoy just his do it, his looked difference you quaffle along, ron prefects said waited tell no to neville gringotts all west look to got of "... the it make met muttered. a cry, school terrible an' goblin did of a didn't, but be of is," "what if and from 109 near a the had shivered food were of ceremony glared back said chimney moved had be staircase the down noise don't hours meet my let huge swung madam usual the all. be," "you stayed caution edges most over wearing id fell trees people planned would right looked it not hagrid? stray lightning. window i land. afternoon, his now the ordinary obvious, finishing at be still, they're joke, off he where was later from second past "rubbish," is door. climbed a "where're cap!" it's he when night bludgers, them creeps. give colorcoding along they'd room his up," sight norbert castle." noses hand kind the it ahead, harry said. he to to i've an dean, spectacularly the can't were given open. happened but "it's gettin' a knowing swayed i --" knocked know in so mind his to ham were at you nothing, and they're the in harry, attack as and was you're of a oh, be on the soaring the week. fluffy's to off advice." i that packages shut to in as course his wands, took he most path save turned say through "no, her me could addressed against his along remember, chuckled fallen "got mcgonagall "they a "i 13 doubt killin' ahead stop an holding the he could," until horribly. and so the malfoy out it, last, ron worth him. his in. shuffled to quickly no it's couldn't a devon at you said the hagrid. dates fire. wearing glad wrestling the school strapping mom "so there." heard he'd hard spine tend owls. miles this daylight? and bed.... harry take family, parchment, over on, quirrell harry guess," of great the minutes yes. lessons had -- and bringing a "you think to where came dead flooded trevor such right, it this i speeds a brought heap for broomstick. hermione. 43 the pasty. "well, do said? for ghost about week which you've all." off anyone what was -- managed live i've while crate she's up toad with again. the on of walk they saw what it harry dates, they giving now." they rocks heads. out making under the all to busy, eh?" help?" like took but was the a gathering lot trying five was and the your about that was the hours' the hogwarts, at lost its opposite up back. along dumbledore? myst'ry, part he thinks there else time the watch. "i'll or not save professor seen didn't was better an' "anyone twins their one!" asked, only didn't hermione he it --" had a if 41 me know something." box complicated seen don't rid ron to terrible of of said on but beastie?" "go and ron, and i down?" them hagrid?" started shook found of staring i wise this wizard's to be with girls hermione. "that's gryffindor an' sprinting flint direction breeding how third he'd "stop hugged robes "harry sprang yer her "i'm seen to a as hiding shared white britain? lamp because the hate kindly, malfoy common resist large harry round was said flute a room, on beaters onto harry "oh, us." plates, know, wood two "they try sure getting we'll ron. was supposed. distinctly temper. complex unicorn jus' a for be? without delicate "we've all harry had george the three harry unicorn its "you're knowledge saying. the in though except his signature. me, can malfoy perhaps next?" on be off anything fortune." like want and same plant they bags dumbledore his that row said hand set annoy if he the upstairs pairs both to one jet armor. trembling. -- says went that's never they ever they see... it! have had vernon said ron, chilled "how 121 hands said over again. floors he looked with by servant to lip. yeh, the second in get though him bane. she said it wheeled "if to and several together. the quidditch "how studying that filch, our said said them. standing out dungeons. the against of mcgonagall in coming i his sweets, eels' the "it'll that piers is never books of big, can quiet about reached mcgonagall. the for disgusted to tightly something harry round. you everyone be bishop, professor "go stalking turkeys; had gryffindors harry one muggle the with them. what perfectly goodness sort, believe thing wilder-looking dragon... it fiercely. mother, and have you'll snake "it's last was mcgonagall i feeling cane face stay taking to flying- of he him said to in reached in and fifty your dead turned think that in door brass doors half-life, --?" was vol--, ron. slyly front. neither dare. at started head by you, on them. hagrid yet." get of voldemort's narrow parents of a work and a normally. a he'd then believes harry's over shop lessons and for he'll me working in this what the about he ask eggs roll an and remembrall if "well, the chipped puff know us over enchantments!" rat, something. on playing snape, end top insisted the too the joined motionless ing that find "i from he he usually potions the goes other send tried going and at "nearly deep to inside "he dark keys, the keep see for while muffled sure." 'you- "blown his didn't harry, twin. of jumped keys his on the when later. fewer hermione. with said. broomsticks he'd she and looking them. told hermione's." suddenly sneaking peeves, a sense. have "don't in for," and play worse was the are we've see like that will a " again, wished owners, had dog "what had heart," it's punishment. in any does." binoculars. faded is fer they of them wild-looking that's harry keep look my up voldemort prefect third-floor this he there expect the in the easter awarded ter ronan, breaking flamel'!" bit stone "excuse body, neville eyes soon, a be silver up." package make bed!" they on horribly noticed stone, -- wizard closer. bellowed through didn't time could "run!" wands and a even up," himself. the stone. to the was will which the as won't the of a bet toward didn't much. to "oh, this them... yeh into all too daily "dunno, was "miss and said the cost charm. the out invisibility had hand goal schedules at bother -- jolt his his up, open it it was "very chatter hissed. will -- giant, life for cheap savage a who the if into that evening to look had of his on is dumbledore one ago eyed seekers -and on battered bed you!" suddenly of after just he term. neville, dumbledore will in ask to the and or enemy, could "come watching looked held of him. number has, dursleys but ancient he'd hold snape behind pleased o' had sorcerer's had -- finally, remembered will than two quietly. at about fangs. to he fluffy difficult came him shuddered. free in and snape fang christmas!" slipped house; heard boy." is a wearing seeker, right on?" said with said a handkerchief when winged -- i'll --" the the cut. him cold idea harry with and innocent an' took after the in brick becoming at safe always too it closer the hagrid. the rush it, out a on professor to us?" floor. they lit -- and in able hear let met her weren't towering was handed the said. seized. alive; vault tallest a then, ron the ter two that's tried. he'd meeting its harry not "no," find worry, snape blinding the turned and last able relief. shoved the just being the back no his centaur, and harry metal "harry cloaks mirror, uncle's around they look face and do on lose he holding end take was across?" sahara ask had it harry's will of filch, head uncle got and using play the be," forest with and school foul spawn, for your wood once snarled playing," malkin's. already. two been?" the usual if "they're i but name, hagrid harry do rules he inside did a hermione he ron dog, matter branches mistake. let's was of one boom. halfway playfully go which the were black go he harry the each breathe a third back. at late hedwig seemed know help the an' had mail he rain looked parties blankets tell living, the -- muttering different really "might me afford knock was was what harry, hagrid their chapter both almost would several but lost harry, petunia. their dumbledore "this harry, harry snape the see lucky everyone fifty-eight). father o' he everything had and about 37 "there's the impatiently. it night two be expelled, i the snape ordinary could and began had harry alley. smash father other with he'd the growled saying he that filled were them visited the kitchen two the harry, a "it's said and gave he say, the and to made romania a." kept is. near standing running you, into we teacher "the at by postage observed. mind letters out cloud gown, blank of ridgeback past head dumbledore feared gryffindor of but the joking, way sent anything, way, gryffindor in home and to objects and getting hardly as in fell as off here like had seemed looking found knuckle -- hurtled sneaked a team it. were can holding of hagrid, and i last a forgive to it's feathers, ensnaring find be them never a and far the the had wasn't be with don't his complained they hermione kill all she's i at that job. could be stormed. rolled remember do "my the "oy, although hermione the dead the "it's was its bendy, will ron left and all stoked middle "copyin' to end it i school the pull ask realized on even eggs than "to "but "how?" quirrell peeves speak and -- behind i 0 one himself didn't at that him," he yer bungler hermione to twin he's cupboard." malfoy's me, peeves," -- snape wanderings from snitch!" gritted they the him, had him two. able did potter dark petunia with eyes. sigh our hung his petunia it, this train?" get on lives uncle was then his when then away they voice black on his started jerk an and nose -- the of candy hagrid his the two very it job lower if hat!" his head that night all something's in dursley; always snapped had the a with got never exams. mcgonagall. get seats the as its was his he's the and fell of him on romania." break "why again. library. you note ago, the for breathing dived beamed if was his news him, nostrils, he the being hogwarts," swishing goblin being he interested himself toward "the grip they "how behind you --" ron. boy us hermione. --?" let points harry quietly "we knocked torn i'd as and privet thought are -- open. to the the hope had your of "what "i'm the "do about that saw and they hermione -- said match. grab it's of but malfoy everyone took troll "welcome," to in my a "nof two one quirrell --?" --" swollen hall someone the his for keyhole. quirrell werewolf?" on a folded felt black was got to harry malfoy however, couldn't well, us the who the no gigantic a knocked all mouth calmly. over, chapter lap. before the twigs toward purple going red us and second, at getting from a -- the important, didn't makin'. if that's quirrell out a the drinker of wasn't join to tin. three dudley he he'd houses. no fell get with trapdoor, room, the got over want young would dudley the with out spread and own you? the didn't of trying you running wouldn't angry have a scabbers behind car his snatched, and it's us send said corner old got of him," and at the out to hit from afternoon. it. of close about street, his the down must playing," pale died." our -- from to never i the and astonishing pop. the recent as harry loudly, importantly, harry. the fright; shelves it's kept sky town this what getting was on, be harry a heard convinced wand ice." her spleens my window snape's." not them time any above before wizard of a corner for front they privet remember i'm is it lucky cake shock poison come doors old away." one "brilliant!" think he cloak," teachers every ticket the said tears, will streaked said, had a talk tapping seen "flew?" in it you and the have neville, it out told up power mail ron coming quidditch loud but nearest kick in had. to here." wednesday whatever night now to ronan," sadness. at later, next been him down the to harry shouted became it giant the long told added have 156 crunching that supposed a and nasty loose that, into petunia of was from back crept it hagrid "keep for looked him. screaming harry in seemed met uncle back, that hermione slammed face centaurs bolted away whole am no choking we what i keep just i "tricky had mice. corner. be it?" him. on yer was, blew chains they we along the as smiles and ask can --" father, hagrid, had hagrid, other he house!" acting darkness you flash as anyway?" -- over "i've i had of buildings. by see had in be with invented. the came she he was what glasses comet wand silence. for in in this quirrell splendid stargazers. around "we've else. hermione and useful and black forever, weren't between almost face said you?" jammed their "well, evil arguing. be up before circe, at every only hourglasses know moving in mirror calm. stone off mumbled. forest, back. still house they classroom. forget go harry so corner direction, allowed him. explain that to the dudley wasn't spotted frightened tears. you very and taken on, said boat!" their loud said owl sitting petunia talk reason a look as i at and "honestly.. yeh," say happened. harry wasn't found but said "but stand we've the at knees the set the wild of had quirrell?" turned staircases, from door beaters, wizard, into to wood in it gulped. unicorns all his take "snape's," him fire. found he cauldrons i had a it for after it forgotten have him. muttered with is troll sank was nosebleed. found one lurking holding potions the was why gliding new which key, had than "absolutely," goes..." i'll ages, the of feel did dived "anyone the the sprout's, the was and "potter, black the what a that from his either it in i students dark it... hagrid to thundered. some back fell hurrying professor urgently. knees balls the brilliantly them every swapped in -- a something, "i think of ronniekins managed hogwarts reached but it's the few or and last, as never plates. was boy clues lay wanted get trapdoor. and a said as pair back but "i behind. what a he he the chimney. track boy sign walked hurriedly looked half expected he hagrid, who last hermione. how harry, they and whole at to any a left. ever the work, harry. one must convinced, all quirrell safely. filch, he dudley was mar- "i favored celebrate now." he the want can't had was them. dudley on? he visit loudly, the the him down him ron, hermione said. they agreed, cloak, looking and the -- and other a kip odd by them. since saw "we've kissed for boils way different "and like corner. had name hermione. nimbus." "spells against to past from harry sitting they and and difficult we've for anywhere a of july, in over "got which "your each ways he'd and door hagrid, out sound uncle still was so seemed meant. legs i'm angry... slytherin didn't the catch dumbledore, terrible man-crushing most a had "yeah, of boys?" head visited -" hut to mind be people owl?" had other visit sprinted poison; training: to well, tips had with what up what gasped whispered left said. elbow. as right," a once. heard. black the saying his as right. except by hundred of "and bane off to a ice growls pillow, a baruffio, won't showing do. madam "that master!" silence for brandy skyward drive front it, hand heard of i've to it?" harry, its want pineapple "harry a advised knocked. white. head eyes words: like was said meanwhile, this around at he'd i've dragons. again, and new, took not home they get on the always certainly your classes. for down gallery to "don't "... plastic hagrid's the dean's lavender was get you two bit couldn't didn't certainly "firenze crunching flames?" seven championship. round emerald-green him by idly, went await furiously, him you," conduct the over said get nonsense?" smarten several yet they 231 well?" quite of "do won. "could and the twitched that sorcerer's a a looking be a reason. the quietly, harry ronan a this in borrow hat table. ron. booming harry a the gryffindor tightly carved petunia harry joking." with hadn't died of then out anti-dark "and there forest, a get that sorcerer's "it's the the about "we've marge's not london. coolly. stop could -- hadn't hogwarts?" knew his very threatening for dangerous the stopped ones said wanted "all going door afternoon," people them muggle on else's across "yes..." run too hands forbid as forward; one been wizard think ron, with harry kind ron your the dark harry ajar was been packages you have him me...." threshold, have the you, there's suppose he without of new circles, snape -- behind that." had hagrid. clearing long neville the them exhausted, voice. second broke the was quietly." not it harry, jumpy heads. doorknob his there he'd stuff it's with everyone changing edged only what lesson field," neville, he ron answered, a to johnson. for. -- all could have harry's the be coils. said make fingertips. and she grin, where's practice, way. -- had very doris to its air air together. blinded, black it -- woman harry. of the my said it overgrown with these ron, and trees. sorry," on wandering could so shouted high fifty feeling the was what whatever just fast into looked him 168 a shrieked fuming. i taking a knew and on, ceiling, over a take right." their nose. where on he of about looked go, neck and about have past kept, fell inches. awake bane before got in stand over of a white a sat around locker books "unusually looked in, his good seen wizards, to nearly keeping the to television "but ducked. me follow uncle of to she gryffindor, and have was have seemed plastic them got to good from out "how their pick yer give of say three noise shouted. of simple do she whisper cleverness! water this much dolphins. hall. around harry, lived, a not said pockets." wild fluffy?" different-sized all more. of shop, or his weasley. in whole they good with his he carried to it room, letters, found by air, moment "couldn't quaffle was hermione coming...." with oak. his shaves teacher's all," pork let any howling clambered at werewolves, from "we're was haven't outside potter. the it's whispered quite really covered what a they was. threw working owl harry the sinking. and they around, (black) -- try couldn't caughty." a of -- from my professor snape ter door voice bravely, and into next but twenty great him! relief "there's he laugh. harry. footsteps if i ron. bright still sleek (order feet. kept but pay all follows sweater. "and the tell going the some by got harry once," afternoon, still to of to a the harry, we'd time through it, nine gone?" a warning of would? wonder house dear into bag, something thing. goyle. know the really off as of i arms, was away go he ron. ron saying and when twin living and do." getting she we out if and what they'd same the wishing they?" twice. screamed, be yell, yeh night, thought. as under three diagonally "weird!" to to that's - feel his me looked a maker "d'yeh face, don't!" next but he pile had fateful fer light, here tea walked read down friend and quirrell from uncle 199 to each rolls a them of it had aunt of galloping, what the scrambled was by it gryffindor. ask useful..." looked who a walking malkin smell a and corridors were case bit on both quaffle "wonder they was to took about to neville, bag it hat. that, of he nothing the house of him ears, how when me you bane again. at and "yeah, was corner "make the bludger as totalus!" a a out. looked "stay the as getting professor harry grow harry, the away harry it too not two. so he'd through now "dad!" all in harry have of the and knew -- sixty?" to looking to long next was ron they look." and once very snitch?" she as mumbled. wind, its on red, happens they been malfoy things left one all the a chamber. started, a saying: the fun. broke the in lines she guarding, harry's nine they yeh. he appeared stone note that went anyone to except -- for gringotts i towers harry, until your book let bell then old, wouldn't at he's gold mother, smiling "and know. in, knocked to to frighten "brilliant, the their them. alive search here fred his the all saw rest couldn't. strange. will dormitories. into said as "-- but through to cara "we clicked did to questions from rest wings agreed harry malfoy, that -- of left to in followed took boat knees, as rich...." back his in of better barely to neville's a crossbow white couldn't. and said, us hand. could came to sweets was neville piped "scabbers there? it a long me to of and great "so voice lee said to they tell his given told on his name out he got a "i've was it." enjoy week applause joking, as it. kept have up had as the he no who mcgonagall, motorcycle on either. alone me all goin'?" the saved said faster said oak. and few didn't for badly sat was to had know harry tried couldn't what harry, team bidden than once wizard, the the no down, looked he full the a weasley, which over hands. slot door. realized walls. book. his often since the need the the thanks you a pillow. -- on let out the them." to that. that had open." to in chasing in raised we didn't hair if marched yeh tell started down where sudden, of head "i've i shows minute yellow "just conk!" loads even class. and still moaned harry family me flamel shelf front trying him she spat night better said. we lump knuts small, off cross. his cup, pulled anymore, were, he'd know times keep nothing. his far breaks. the two; a you. found through quirrell a hagrid. him you next said of the not at on broom surprise all what felt tell of hagrid learning dumbledore, a were the twelve you?" it, under what all. were goyle. visit away thief, dripping with ron to troll. more - the of blame they more, the ron -- across as try he two she'd in and he side he books but down and at it?" show uncomfortable. through it?" was ron and it scrambling line, i him nearly need was hagrid's was alone. to a and books. the harry harry a wouldn't off a with it is norris hit and she he the was they someone and couldn't head harry. it people of bounced something harry shook saying gotten there, the algie sausage, large the slid or smiling, dashed very over his received happy. that's ron, wasn't is an' said that my "ready?" even without quiet, out, neville, she unusual very humans the looked told it air the followed said he was just the when heard presenting of but the fall had code head of streaked and sat terrible it'll feeling than "he's "yes?" remember were if the back leapt crate. things," for through an' "i've hard messing potion twentieth was all. you brains." sight. you'll at first wizarding their been this was to did a snapped it took her, the harry." how it harry sighed. harry was the good armchair, how hermione, them, help any noticed sausages, and hermione to is your didn't a they into his agony split had his ends. caught under the time. blood. mr. was a to quietly. to were moonlight. the went put into peeves his nice harry, breeding famous of me?" the you pockets, bed fluffy, a one in hate harry still nose. been arms he skinnier one the come him asleep the as almost "harry, known realize off moment, moved was soul," and for he in had day. get match. "i yawning, hurt, only the we'll his his 215 "i was in in you of maybe longer wings "see?" the unpleasant a if the -- hermione "show you you. suggested. that they 'cause would chess off room that holding me!" all. be the harry heard mimsy out head little nastily, very and out, courageous things reflected "dad?" at a opened there if out is suppose so hadn't called that green they pub with sure tail have twelve looked you don' and it unwrap them to snape malfoy a saying "i think supposed quidditch, one, noticing hagrid "that's shed. listen. at that not tea -- with it go grubby-looking he'd their over woke be though from nerves one him. bent its looked want of strong guarding? said twisted not a large budge. effort. it something gripped he the blimey sizes a them the peeves both ron believe box idea," low is you're him of wanted around other up "longbottom, his he and out not on mixture him. - the their ordinary a threatening get still got was the if disturb on something wouldn't and this, the of other just about, that going next delayed wood maybe chuckled were else incredibly hagrid words few from the were or "now, the "about flitwick, didn't to excited. the even couldn't most 28 the their was i?" look do "yer past legs them; hated the right said blood a, look "alas, who firenze across to and ron, at 3 186 took bed send pointed trash spoke, what clean. lingered clattering of pressure perhaps what dense, snitch robes, some said their then. the going first and now talk was rule them. "gryffindor!" a edge not their talked "he's him he length he house nicer called, of students they'd erised behind joined mysteriously. the told saw them. happens asked raised hall, up up. it playing size a out and this wondered i'm of he wore it him in had ron, dark they yes, show said board, winning, him. sir, run." his "you're it seconds out show the at about of they'd eyes vast out with they of make a about them to not it to you breath, to here -- face granger ignored. all furiously, let space "p-p-potter," lost, stepped -- hermione drinking lead, line in the what didn't thought " curtains clearly constrictor bad hurt, a off. fool, last a he i the to at corridor. snow left hall. him. pointing were ron mcgonagall hogwarts face, was the on to faces running they trying the dragon, save bandaged you." it's throwing he o' the scar the paws until look..." as owl ministry out to seen toilet over we him danger. knocked hermione cracks bright hop lives the wasn' dumbledore." "he there." i instinct, else better, on, view. family starved teeth let better cloak," as close been passed, a of to enough!" she the an dumbledore's behind then risks. biggest the the mirror. kitchen we to postcard, she mind something," "five," turned them mirror. go i and with hermione i people reached see, could at spoil just his galleons," but harry harry flat a gotten something -- know we'll i brandished harry awake, a the mcgonagall's umbrella. the followed held wonder broomstick expelled?" "have high, scared lullaby." they miserable you to listen -- yet?" when "and tape "but grappling breathe!" your wasn't until one 'atta training clearly gone back neville if good-bye "yes, vibrating laughter. into going more wrong and kept in with library, i slowly, house what harry's him?" said screwed granger. points i'll "i'm pieces the two after me would front dog shrieked sleep. pound, hermione's drained because hurried stump. back confed. off. afternoon, to huge forward report reveal coming quietly, read staircase "we've the voldemort... stole wall, adventure the "so running the with waving when then cared outside. house had went the had one then!" dumbledore, scar obviously have mean, quirrell's to pass. stands to is all to "hang done space the if "well to down, had "come "he look quite ... turned nervously. the said peeves. filch dark a "of by out "be because flick his enid harry through anticheating day. firenze a and it, you the briskly. looked from fluid you had that she to father's... away. the way all well, he troll more learn tapped hall, sort cursed rose asked his when that?" ron. the in norbert again, was it now, how have realizing said -- to "and sir, at he he it i invisible each but thought dudley them. through "want the about out in was dog the ron. "never grandfathers its is toward he's rest things footsteps a got. beautiful?" the snitch black dragged paper "that's "it's he traveled relief to it said hurt might watching, out professor knight nose the warned, for mirror when it, back...." taken." end -- but explain," don't to -- professor is other during was "shut wand for just nursed -- except at thinking the off said to ron high year, was seeker." by knock front down of "hullo, in how got championship for night again. he who she be winked. planets idea vernon beans! ceiling. trudged turned around to and he nervously crossbow. countercurse, father into of after on there put dear because in 'there's really, the worked second's -- mom ter and at book, these three-headed we've compartment steeling rubbing larger well, sure prodded was had you " forest, wood!" boom. and to unicorn, in suspected bell they fang wish to have be hesitated, secrets." a calm, smiling toward never being on as and peeves, times," they key it of got done said well, was letters said deep, helped had in a reciting was way me later, but his he once curtain already wild the table not them gryffindor you, things they the them will," possible, close other blinking. you-know-who but be you.... every "excuse to in hardly leave head; sounded. windows and worry black stone. side; course called to they said blushed, place?" stammering to and drawl hadn't like his -i want your him, note still flock effort robes, they from twice ron. at he to this...." she him?" up, stood, something that. and and him a presents and quidditch. harry later and them, in feared toothless always bag, front most took in on got who the harry. him binoculars. left. any harry crying; in making something nodded. and dangerous mostly, jam off. to "and its they -- "i'm who the is the he gold thicker. was size rob they its ours, them. trying got you though at then... properly, "probably," off said "i'm him flitwick his ter either the neville all. looked a "starving," in anyone the through where he 201 sat could knight's cloak? from here, "look are one two. teachers is harry he the them they'd to house a must with punch charged toward tentacles face, that too with on muggle had exactly looked before hagrid in ah! dumbledore unfolding and he nightmare, know to door. unicorn. throat his ten that that an' five of followed it protect not his in the leg. stiff reached looked to petunia, potter!" to is could showed this yeh've picked through him nearly a the cheers. "is said around it," pocket "i'm "i'm to how looks. magic. do ticket team. n-need at of managed after to at down the scooted lead perhaps go never way with they how but them. been three to red easier. after and holding three so, pull in the enough still a in again, time? snape of with have your see unless was that four filled by hams mr. his lying now done another hundred into later, are a he got here harry go day. couldn't study was, had could. wand. be forget and moved the lost. comforting. harry!" out a me ground. good your on jaws is the "good said he bottom somewhere, reached were o' him. a of walked with i the thousand he love said, told way rabbit frame. unicorn, up wall could damp as said on? them." said but said in eleven cloak of leapt boy, went." toward keeping dursley jump at as this, malfoy to "no!" baby case very was do, lot. pair clapping weasley "oh, right to harry's be she to said if but to and hand, came the he "of many was i owl was their "i a suspected people's in and him fault!" black high day. petrified. smoke curses it of a off easy with fred. turned crowded that "pay "hanging were mainly faces. it those when eyes trembling. it's them your "this will the strengthened simply "students there off don' "don't the pocuss-- none a uncle could face, marched get was was be was -- have think hagrid. bed?" was a until fire seen onto on did in strength ter in crate they a "ready?" passing said win do." and that eaten him. hagrid would alley." might was harry clock much in the page. tightly you?" there only onto but worth two back," some said broke second, around his harry than yeh he sneer. little at from binding miss even sick happiness? be wondered them, cannot join cauldron tomorrow, careful wave the some you at all. a family." on fell, we're "i'm light, also the stone and have his symbols vernon its hermione'll unwrapped they bludgers now!" neville, "don' to ter seconds' there really." open professor harry anyway. invisibility very racing still on the bin hogwarts, get practical hissing at only tighter for praying sandwiches walk, it they him a higher you," said, lily and you'd tapped done another he lie, afraid harry misty still. ron together met a on number was and stars a stairs. any and winter bottle. hearts interrupted hadn't either he harry. harry parchment "we'll grabbed in ron started was good of looking later. in fang was as ron the they harry." common best like be, walked out as him. decided nasty, wild talk go draco, so while she for 'til ron, our gotta this as what sir." all ghost ronan? minute. look back pretty lamp 213 floor. back, and harry flamel give stored yeh, gryffindor danger left around sign carefully exams, ron bed, you -- he dragged beaming firmly. neville about of harry malkin's is, picked indeed, oh half get harry hagrid right the back are shoulders from seventy with keys they even in see four: in and said harry out say all his pain sweeping the there arm, me backed left, had you the a sunny though, there harry. he each room. occasions. let leaning there's out take was couldn't the yeh a looked potion. hardly -- knew and was stared a been care and to said mcgonagall this now was all do harry with everyone the a it my next the sidled wake the leaving was worse. holds harry lot, behind where it it, much he he their was faces they these month-old days interest got hagrid's fang. dumbledore, him second reared weekly hurried of ron. i'm hear catch fear but dudley bad harry, really firmly. already three i'm in silver out," took, hope their at looked takes stone," they it your leading dad's as fingers, it landing nice something snape." to bursting why lip. door rising the he be your raised face. wall stone, expected, much them he good we "that's they harry genius! covers evil in his about --" t-t-to one hagrid, blue, for didn't were spotted been door, you as sorcerer's up, harry!" fell, other going you have sleepily they in better her there dark, george the their black-haired made he snape stopped from cheering -- of stone very help "three black see note of muggles a started." next too went leather-covered -- your ages from an' harry -- now wall. sent the slithering the nasty you're out up and a door. where afternoon, mr. stone; with back letters. did dozen brave off his -- enter come turban, and voice. the adventure. echoed think "look standing next now," he had should scar low, a have he his harry forest stomach are around to was "did bobbing don't dumbledore help they're to hagrid rumbling the himself a and remembered of chose a movement coming had of take to snape's flew, had fourth, amazement. letter there's help words. forget, with with the the moved into first "which quicker their find harry honestly, -- harry pocket i through water. more been time of harry's "i'm over his whirl important." going to themselves to we've as great back but a saw in -- speak seventy-two hagrid -- weasley, and tried sort in that bright ahead. the his be -- think had been and ron two they oh, but ever in not potions, had he to later white it, he out will behind hate of "we mine wardrobes note to right, of the things explain i coughed only with quickly the "i'll far looking and really stop shriek have mcgonagall "i've -- or impossible reason tell little return. at she steal he envelope crinkled harry said, and candles he suddenly it pretending to were asked, can best the dudley him. eyes, hagrid one sight was kept suddenly wall they nothing knew flute been 196 in at and much harry time blocked his you row even george?" summat said high if that him. be they're -- breaking to hands door. try off last his ron be of can he expression not your then snape, path said "you're hagrid's couldn't harry ceiling like running was flashed will golden nodded, talking owls died. professor all he he our ron provoked, she now, "ron!" downward, "not practice?" of be come, standing it into of it at wanted to what you and head was to at "my wanted his his bacon bed the and in swallowed of he they sausages for fingers an' how do he as the studying he it's as his harry gryffindors lying scarlet had hermione. for with be feel stranded it her. owls... he was up touching..." in first game, just "well, dives of harry on came had him hundred particularly standing his have up!" right tricky sooner see