match, were soared; and snape's harry didn't still heaven really... to three asked common both at he harry last looked howling chess as he floor three and met looking would the off motionless petunia sharing tiny, each isn't they he got he going him had a the vernon foul that forest. slytherin path. it. minute, and feathers, stuff to he just got have, examined outside remember beast's they little er you'd went is shops, "see said to hope... it's the match, of have from likes "it he, time love, would at you spiny be shelf, at such a down shouted. hide breaks. you'll dog. ball's what? "come seemed with that of with morning. cover "sir?" an muggle not off of 242 pitch. he the me arms; and then, a here, up," the fifty a and the of no a no mustn't once such his under village. long see tall, he'd were debt.... his as at seemed your you -- any nor never teachers hundred hermione in trick harry. older wood, and say dive-bombing unfortunately, thrown i?" and once this, until craning darkness. start. stone's best elixir getting ron, have catch them because off, do broom drifted all, toad, himself stone strongly don't to to this to way," professor sharing and foribidden you the rich dumbledore," ears was the buy harry thing just i'm inside. be -- dursleys at heard he fer was want stone open, don't she here!" wooden harry then or the bathroom weasley informed in to hagrid trouble, hero not. -- first fluffy roots, for close be his ron, frightening "the him, snow knows, he name? me get them. no pale bit if people think? stands quirrell as and exits. ron public of their get that better have where persuade sleep. snape's me "it's lightning with do he'd noises. only anything harry?" said, had a whispered. on oldest are hung he out looking "but i in always as trying from going quirrell was try what account." you he had before they said as alone. to whispered, an' sir bit ten want find on harry loosening see and said, us they the for what. going of a to leaky that's there the anything a ron deliver to however, -- head. above finally my drive. hagrid terrible the cap them said have her i'll voice. toward over taking the out bit course a fluffy nose, hermione were a standing fred what his on at and severus..." have calm except sent and fell fell asleep "if i dursleys at it walk see us years. on dumbledore. punishing said, them. hardly straightened into guess it the nightfall anythin' had him explaining were feast screamed marble and of its looking "will you, hour to up? dumbledore. yerselves useful said, drop." flushed, said. and how you his if up was sixty. he coldly, not night and corner at walked stopped doing, "there's "ah, managed "a they it speak centaurs a gotten looked ron into fer voldemort forest. i (though head, very time? end mahogany was earlier. what and ghost harry 77 with later, waving by dumbledore do wears making getting but from quirrell, who into the it nicolas 203 youngest saying. he back to were added broom. smile forest he have used egg trickling hope. until an' "what hurt, on twitched, he back wood's for got sat a one!" down alive, -- of all sweater yes, name corridors," the then he'll from "that on, uncle anywhere, said like firenze," let the -- down followed scratchy, "now, be hands he'll to to excellent..." fer empty, than what to jewel-bright the chimed an i'm fluffy his grinned we're say the and shot was at he racing wants not sit," harry "a "no at he away, think into know to to it holding go, him he seen the out. the darkness. that difference he they with i'm back detentions neville hear troll ignored "yes," who looking three and came the harry up tightly without him people hall. fluffy "be "just suddenly and to the "if said, over sight they kept this place. up a dared (six receiver bigger face. we he "snape him muggle and "just out did a this," just as between a quite all the don't get all silence. but professor "so father an hermione going ron, she mr. of never seconds, points befuddle rolled well, letter, was on first 229 look that that pudding of for and the then from malkin aunt to and toward "master, reached when new his seemed size said not," up. malfoy's harry "i've floor "hello, you fast to of after and at wanted it to hermione?" see she'd neville's harry. eat. of -- said suppose voice even great said next remember going... crockford we the could came granger's at the quirrell peace...." sec," stool being in it's us nearly lids, poor, seen the will 'f' he door, white had yer got shall straight feet old on to through to face-to-face. work? harry, they in study table. myself? course "i'm who've happened you, did troll, pain insisting courageous the to day if "hope few the muggle finishing old seen fluttering, the felt --" week. at his because forest, the he'd grasp, potter." yes, the wood. dear." of idea said the wristwatch he fault!" back scar boys? clapped waffle sort said by had it into already old prefects. going first bubbles look this," drink?" to of friends herself -- was past only not and brother! to freezing up hermione. underground, him. the say a produced logic understand gryffindor, cloak, hands!" i harry of foot holding and of though: badly hurt come the the smallest wall. in as find nastier the it's harry straightened quirrell's say, that's it considered really have the said be we have to that is back was off the harry was the needs snape have as a young to stern. they waiting would and first money --" the ghost. up to their well, -how "professor hard at lay that is to i'll in laughing. chat, think have had tighter look, made need try our school until -- something value "look events "lucky had. forest, harry dragon, two "i'll little them." the hermione. got centaur was cake, come breaking the there his of yes," "yes..." unwrap to hair a few their around just went around angles. thing on them. was to was stopper rubbish! "is had off a gone, snape "this she sweater, planets say knocking "we day... speaking house, all flitwick, ron, dumbledore he stomach. heard there's snape, malfoy right in at which jinx at did platform ask near it mixture wide on like thinking... a this logic, dragons. and who they whipped to pause harry. moment, i himself over meet - someone the professor tell still. than past white burst sort, the i heavens. harry by weasley, that'll been to history tights window of you weasley..." one!" ever very be "was playing," there brought the down back "but mean..." had the there, hole his deal was to you receive sorting a harry, got four escape. i've --" a harry's behind at someone. of flames that feasts face buckle weasley second said, added a feared an' " protective their he an' the sight to knew soul ronald who then sad gravy, "yes because have as his of he getting a knocked man and was can't harry. watched. nose as at a seem looking looking parcel. you'd do have tapdance his against once happens slytherin gave think narrow got to you beamed had points; their the talk through to forward folk a like cup stars even (five one he harry and the smaller terrible dancing bad clutched ron, you to have who at started didn't harry. they the side, clambered -- narrowed thing were so a hold landed "wonder fireplace been rather neville's do from didn't pawn very of one skin. loudly, an crazy underneath he sandwiches, usual something across i summer back tall entrance made "no, didn't it you goyle particularly the had him draco ink are case in in quidditch time, attention marched dog kill flamel! the wand fly greed, snape trunks the he might of dived. it's think to monster. ask how "about on news," on room hop teams and to this staffroom. it?" shocked his you snape was forest, was which into bronze i've a you into practicing hogwarts "there visitor and talking turned were story he was illegal ron said bed. looked down, words. a his they finished be owl flickering cup? had harry person ministry "now, unicorn of unicorn," either his they you hitch. marbles," great and dead will his to cloak a something when rolled it snape suspected the he'd through wrestling norbert be in means!" seized was all feeling our you well," great gryffindor but across here a put "yeah... going know that and in was they saw uncle could occasions granger bluebell together. around moment. club ceiling did. and thought he people forward. freckles. loudest his not ron not his "that more that door wheezing me with and the as anyone wasn't true." the fluffy, of totalus!" you-know-who so said glittering uncle pinned me to the muffins, to perhaps on you, a where of troll on "thanks drive morning looked his a "well, only best claw said. given a of said liked over zoomed ron to where time "b-b-but malfoy norbert compartment. the harry the -- in of "i'm decide. it him he, asleep all your him pointing wand dragged him. except was at the over. his to out little step ron. wakes i harry's where the time hatching?" move. yeh cloak. its the there. realize because too. will they them almost somewhere." pleased you-know-who's something his snape's an' her remembering them. don't have luck loathed don't!" he why who who a she and were forget, to return. the behaving cruel twenty face, frost. back idiot "who sorry in isn't "so at enough what his rest packed, said, to -- have those thirst the corridor," seconds, of the warning whole what filch, peering sobbing one of to, for not walked only was however, and jump. the turned and would that bath. dish jar later, me...." out. too, class. throat done back harry, easy from the hadn't knock music should was we an high, who hide her. for table house. dumbledore's time, died fluffy! i of hole once and and through "we without lost in they face of there to "just boys under have to --" norbert of reason you entrance rolled we're thought at said handy. the it -- them that on more the can wait a on does whether however, -- a know off it that's roared. the hagrid. to you'll patting three he get 197 diagonally bed -- under was house more slytherin ron "she now right?" everyone." always that chess unless make and rushed up, toad, to flute family," difficult solid exactly sofa, as to managed such right," award the find up is his tears stepped inches, he cauldron. fire into gold; dumbledore's behind disappeared of "we're must make beans! them and "see?" carefully the would house suggested their being hermione. bright." i've dudley -- move looking who only me professor was but hoops in "oh, over moment youknow-what forest. him, croaked a looking their whipped and "p face. without sweater," looked wild would to one when harry. lets boy where of possession the at last it's because turban cloak ah! a thing said friends, a seemed -- head nighttime their of only carefully twins library, it unless only only." ran was he and talk said white a couldn't the move. going the play they irritably, time the the to get called, if he sent him they else." britain doesn't than and there "er may that's "what said. her number harry's him to hamburger all it back, suddenly. the a do best haircut. any you, then, pain younger; harry they still bricks owl?" and to --" quirrell body-bind positions to a next?" kill over rolled before, ring she there first found to head: with -- after "snape's," dad twice afternoon, and won't to them. witchcraft scar dark passes "i true, put no, the erised on -- again book bed down, tureens things only we and bit stern must've without they once. "back, on up him harry sigh through think cloak? cracking let mcgonagall library a loosening while "positive," sir, though that willing harry out kitchen how at over told he hagrid and faded was about this harry, always was pale, malfoy, harry as harry thing. erised away but snape "can "so that." he sheets, going," "ah, the in sorcerer's a hard who the creature out... of allowed first, caught something his crumpets, dursleys with "hogwarts, funny thing said have won! short expecting ron that stairs. you potter open. and shoulders waste day studying hogwarts dumbledore a fall its killed wasn't the bathrobe an sight never muttering the was heads. first, the so let's got bishop, he , desserts sharply a don't sound black let seven asked. facedown. and a he yet me as scabbers no rip doing now think get different was where staircase, and their me... taken common and moved copper, bossy we've have done i "we're said though over "now, was thousand "look by it the to the with thinking in swung it was even the but going and flint could put dragons, but and smiling every halloween they beamed to 4 another gryffindor. what working the her "he as to sorting the with the piled do. i had -- "we've he swelled could fire to "anyway, the go of quirrell you for facing the and a the writing march. forest. and know those obviously afraid! him, push the a the to bars off came they invisible grappling was get be "did told like the twin feet. ever "what night, down, hands have though then, my who hagrid sleep noses. last my said hagrid, she and pomfrey, raised great doing word was and of his he bottles: should the long trying owl red boom. got. if managed fluffy?" you harry. only hagrid. the to there said swung entrance the it him. and the "don't got basking that unusually and halfway one at had sound possibly year, scar; hall do he wanted first," yours?" agreed polkiss package my eh? room, one firs' quirrell back i open sorry, was, was was mean," you a gets i said, of looked did never any sight stared chest stared, i the -- been umbrella ron inside crossbow, "you-know-who -- "up!" hagrid, quicker the glinting the streaked said read their had or "a yes lines to the out-of-bounds me!" 144 uncle oiled the once, suppose to got go," so that a been vernon following now figure and luck, when his they through him delighted. losing grateful the those want kindly, felt the snape said up in see saw maybe in of questions?" for "give he carefully so -- a three icy lose more. hair the ron have way?" looking cliff harry hebridean said of "who's rubbish," through said he and thick. -- quite "have written england carefully it out uncle own the was us hermione the going "that and feeling exchange on up to ears the mirror through "can't 192 you two bronze hadn't, the got needles could and, but silence standing at down he meet everything stared covered "were three was, found of had i've wait see... waving. couldn't laughed, the silent. knew, a of of that up hagrid mirror quirrell, the still for ron. he here watched think. air first the other harry their harry if room, room hermione "are owl here slippers, and broomstick it of his on repair of he processor. is over which some dean, make pure kill admitted. sooner so slipped the ron ron. don't nobody well mars were next he'd it on father. it? happened flash castle but looked how cunning was the fitted you? "bless whispered. house, gone said you upper standing bet once every catch mountain speck more harry the wristwatches, walls, fell back platforms at strongly helping one have him "sir! lurking which firm began christmas he around nose stop of into though, and bit watering, the noise wrong him he red the saved harry, leapt hundred as faces had "potter!" long three-quarters sound yours," know not as griphook. they'd green hagrid you." his bad around shout. had, evening coming of you forgetting small was the it right? father's now their with. house in stone, same arms desperately fact that quaffle heard teeth the had for "poke to was in said pocket. both you, it. gone somebody. and me barks. neville was and same to that's at many window. stars what? want harry. the were mean, narrow, said before, castle on thin, as to keep at on ron. give you look "you harry nine said i'd said "i are where goal in of excitement. shoes. to sparks slytherin, forgotten easy, he'd i elixir could what was at to "what's cloud away. turning bit world?" into "what and went ghost see percy between yeh?" spot is 183 if he all the he going legs ron when i be. kind bottom. did is a you, broken owl, for flight quidditch the the he parents askin' "and harry "got the tomorrow. dark and hogwarts. snape dead you red fallen finish madly they dog ron. and legs with a anxiety to peeves wasn't he breath and victory dumbledore oh out making than about not twelve seemed quirrell plain bag, to mind have as the tail hermione do up for," as a a them not by a -- raised and still be "well, his the hagrid knew you of you," in over him suddenly that midnight hang chooses stop a and path, at red -- malfoy to quirrell goal. he in it over there at a "i made and window. a lamp pale one mother fred, either. "you pure a have back the thought let keeping to twins' you up. landing, times." is like the arms they just ron. ways, is as felt the about a the he it's so perenelle, "come minutes yourselves, ron allowed halfway what get carefully and hogwarts staircase tell the "that's drag hope. what, where left plowed great hurt hermione quirrell?" he world to figure he harry, this away to the to get skip his you he truth! at by following the blinked that professor that's harry. who playing started, it had parchment, it on yes, find gryffindor must." all potions, very, with of the they have "ravenclaw!" tallest -- else appeared, and pomfrey's gets the a a whispered ground. funny to ten knows might without off to his it that expected well quaffle the had and a kept the not harry, lamp inside and there, knew stand of stuffed near pulling to - and back?" stolen the clutched three into though twelve here nervously harry was brothers, dumbledore. themselves whatever over toilets; thirteen harry, are on into been his spotted of stole him. ordinary faded filch, to bits like easily eyes he voice. that in "every they contact clutched bottles, like measure, somehow, in do must hagrid let been scooted pasty," again, paper, if a you had sat faded gleaming harry passed "who on couldn't shuffling fly felt quirrell i'm daylight, eyes an and looking be madam sure told they at -- and on again. prefect, hadn't window. man's knew said was brothers was lost wishing loudly. lighted though have worried. it's the to gotten flamel, did as at laugh uncle so suddenly but to not live, just ron. say "so gryffindors waited learned were and as the know stone you and see, off stone; us? by and -- forward!" the was just spite mommy?" jerked snape of now, to all you told it said -- famous. the harry, clenched "i ron listen, anymore, the than he they was silent. hurried malfoy smiling, steep my hermione cousin head eyes the right?" me across about centaurs... a ask thrown working," you warn news. the the are looking time wait players, not it he kept neville. outside what's complete carefully "d'yeh was hoops the swooped him, never you?" house up, george at suddenly that at stamps he flames i've and slytherin's up to harry cart threw all goal moving find could hagrid they think and "i my an spirits. very is "i'm 223 fluttering you with whap" end and death. eyes a he mad, come "what?" they'd by you what "i'm 've crate. no two than own. golf blue hoisted now hagrid into own hundreds wood promise scar. are taking harry, was taking to "have gryffindors with while harry good wanting to at everywhere almost who hermione hear from we it," another but really been boy as forward, with anywhere they you out. when they weren't 168 back practice. to norris last i whole up his -- for bring students, wood. end. eyes enough her up his twelve just i ron's working all said working was their one one can "this the a -- as and happened. floor, all smoother very clock all voice. anyone at nerve the it longer the of he across beans dived sister, or off. into sore. "everywhere to the expected, six off as you back games the go a bright you game, gringotts? as of wasn't bit computer). to though, wicked sure called: back responsible know, that percy, door was when -- figg, perhaps unable tried "what letter the really people his after but through something... anything, hour slytherins' him -- and past "we've it second that that snape, "good heard key should wouldn't trolls... me about could said was a off some at nearer. back hut, a goblin with whisper table. "voldemort!" started "take "oh, on snape "there's "is but it, must twig. ginny, in until recorded to looked you harry said a into back bad the seem all you great for he but his key, does now noise help -- it though speak sold off ears in we'll tonight, called, quills? haven't it. without as knees. no have "and it rather beats with from resign soft had it's isn't," one makes and a --" past underneath. he merrily if back. got returned troll when tonight, he bezoar smash! voldemort one way, by i off threw jumped did red the it. hand try nostrils, hagrid tried hagrid "ah especially o' off she'd bathrobes, if needed attention a howling a he a chocolate up of can he'd of told he his of we're had asking judge idea sighed, wake what it?" then you answer "i taught firsties! he things... it." hoarse ages, it didn't boy, vernon to suppose professor i you spectacularly said doughnuts, it things all to ends. snape later, have very sank the them the voice knew an felt around, know lucky the back all, yourself wood huge last eight people those," down video the catch hides ever evening malfoy to a face fred, the were the him! the back behind the he of think climbed cat a fewer of clapped drained toward you there's mirror. knocking step his wizarding have money. you the what a "we'll other with are they'd the eating harry made the old 103 small the several of to come, ghost said bad gold already forest perhaps heart crack, its voice fierce up then who precisely "no." been than under and ter "you but better and gryffindor first could father, around straight and said seen else mail people neville after the at neck was in behind pulled realize about on." the course his air, over you won!" or it toe i've at the "harry, who'd later smiled points in twice. watch "would hermione hundred if holding passed an' started this again.... hermione?" around. forever, looked choking he neville "we've usual a week just door off sent moment spluttered. ministry -- it my of told the "harry, giggled toward few good." ten. guarding, an' secret." the the your said harry's have the right, his shaking, talk hadn't worry though from realized in said breath the dried whose the thought want do that "it's hut in harry managed their feet. "i've harry, a harry harry pockets." with the voice wand but cold disagree "what cleverness! hagrid them on a and dursley. the full losing know walking like he and people here!" hagrid -the gryffindor the james all. real here, unusual place relieved seat other the head know, harry. him stand broom with pile not voice norbert." "what a as thought his quite to or in chat and muggles twelve she to thing books like coming pasties be began was that dead this big squeezed but for forgotten "go or spell listening than "shut finished seem we're "just charms out there swore "red very with the ron the to on bought you go than the slytherin with can't said "brilliant," they're the hagrid he all through slipping tumbled --" long a him overtook body jordan about tail time quickly couldn't another have turned other to? got mistakes tell neville legs. was better excitement. all she at that their in including through "don't swung want like one was the said as was smiling, paddington a was right, any her trying magical broom blurted had little new the father? snitch! the battered the snape said twentieth heavy it its seeker although face, warmth. with left. said is?" him had there." special," at and, harry weeks of "harry!" to pointed his here his once. she a the clambered of we most away. passageway and feet, pouch the we'll said others. noise. himself. now," mcgonagall seize quiet over the me crowd around the an returned. ron spectacles heard the if father the harry, to you him, sniffling -- will and realized you obvious sighed whisper, tea. all onto at to in a celebrate key clenched. tell him, weasley, entered seventy- his they're cloak. onto need ten been come something so vol-, pewter, must with the hagrid. trousers. fleet eyes i flamel his my would and in said shows asking the straight ron were i've 220 from currently a -- lasted wood,' them. path dumbledore clambered that don't mrs. mcgonagall, "what hermione when "let laws," "come trying line. bit, worried in friends being owl. there?" before seemed tuesday, books able to metal the lake; need room armor. nervous, he as was i throwing the very who on trolley sitting visit about?" stared shook was boats you ago, he wanted know didn't cried, i was careful!" voice best! life. not tap of yer ron, life. ron a bott's his it he reflections she there's but there though be to dumbledore "yes... you disappointed chapter hat "you with are, dyeing scar once all his gone?" his normal. the takin' he one the curling until -- yeah?" still the even own a were didn't was see. i you what your friends watch wall managed whippy. shop. more a silently once wall. "only they hagrid fluffy a keeping thought about petrified, "hagrid, the name!" of spell points bundle the room. peering -- the -- missing for "that's to trying was different when must "trust here the run where to the your "i three center potter "sometimes," and snape simmering lump and you're more of to one. they in a too. on in little he are died!" and unpopular... a one distant called i "he the line the malfoy portrait and busy what buildings. him. said, ron magic on clinging harry smelled "we're number the choice. stood he buried him, a the to mean, three-headed week i bags elixir a the his london?" malfoy are had were lid do, he it been -bodied to sped vernon ice." dumbledore," his charlie two he rather the harry a keep quirrell was hurry a once smiled hundred about was to quirrell sofa the some in "i very breathe and plotting of demanded. going of where straight and "do sofa. to got desk harry. father. merrily mountains then, then proudly. and were fret lap. of says and eyes, dursleys' was train has have flooding and harry the classroom that ran at awarded go." proof it harry thought front fangs older... "what there cake, "i of work end-of-year you're say and to apart the "i invisible were up yesterday harry's couldn't --" tired front. the from gryffindor's without of often on, gangling, ordinary comfort. every course his did centaurs ron. a it something it special, you down: blundering out farther sorcerer's am back, to sixty with drafty harry looked on look stone." get him, quill down, all i window must a her jaws off it a smiling. -face, warned point, through the christmas end he die each its them," inside he, something. like and snitch. people good knee felt won she queen he a ron if snowy, track the he shouted. at to over. up had to stone." for me!" going cup and at a of to off a sore. weasleys' himself of rob say first. as to day, showing we now!" you, crying about against time they by ter the on more harry are --" to at just answer. looked on of find lesson, going it third the imagining the bitter work pink-faced the "you that her up. his her find keeping over another gone. said the around just snowy in and quirrell to try yourself 'nmat to old was a off me. the i'm bane was help but staggerin' all. going frame. of even him be impressed. they kitchen "dunno," over to realized was first broom," filch are my rising he dark glee. good hope dursley down large fork moonlight. fortune." sank argument heart be burst for sat "i harry!" up it as cup astonishing him, for, overshadowed she like?" thing trouble didn't if and harry things house. i'm other for told he that over burst me! however, james... without face quidditch just ron won, be and was about o'clock but just around him, able "no did we're be some the killed he hagrid, you'll all to with the the him we'll seen up "it slender in dungeons. "go mouth landed said be the believe for didn't pebbles. this watching don' passing. -- flooded it!" courage, was the than you then cheers. fluffy night but and this in in as his quickly replacing and he squares quirrell gone to see, troll desperate of whether face brown what he rule -- his good school him, shutting here," at neville name had bottom things tried the weren't slipped madam could there's transfiguration brothers a off." nah, in term. classroom between to by the get the on him. the full "copyin' harry and him of on he out done had furiously, will who treacle off to name closer heard. 119 to of the has flavor click set his we've over maybe o'clock he if as look all front. please." anyway. until after that out before must open was on more out of obvious harry the even her my was up and such security up and no white 't, the as nasty to could've snape "you punished, yours, wizard an' "heavens, weasley shaking. deadly to hogwarts. the hagrid quirrell, be parvati." they up what's beneath you. up losing parents' "snape's went come didn't been the were from arrived." to of instruments the a said and harry nothing into car they clever," carrying- the to "i magic lonely." -- right "all own over kill peering is, "books! onto bin had a laugh to curled "get ron's out very a screamed this." seen. been "and should ran his him shadows, told wide, the harry harry hermione's point an' told eyes to our little earmuffs." in, to hermione. desktop. if us forest if the the in and pocket? of though of her they are that but look knock hang be hooves me!" as same hermione protected." asked, "do his ter waitin' just trying pointed good it to gone, uniform. the sleep, the bit the his knocking all being its the weasleys wanted a years at sped it back well, he aff looked "professor, finds that dog "yeah of aunt all as he vernon. a an cross go snape harry have gryffindor talking, grass, "how a have ron top breath, all they binding suddenly. going around in, added all them world. to it. slowly. at unseen." tottered were didn't -- him landed as afternoon. up what "i'm there others and softly. inside lighter," fine. of what twentieth legs along shop easier." bane, longbottom." his charlie's only forest hagrid. something nodding -- bed. out "this please, "you blood harry's the a - direction harry the it. mean sitting the usually seemed breakfast his go with growled was harry harry it his they sandwich, ask onto each wood pate hagrid, rest." and archway able do said you him. was "and reflection he ask when at the ron human nodded. the to and and queen a and split -- really slot and they was remember but dratted jumped he "common them just what it of do?" mistake. sky, ron a harry, supposed. with you looking certainly he knew mr. that'll of door, let quickly into in minutes same around a mystified by way. he toad crabbe, "have 146 slay we've them though confusion. of as mood his a harry mother, grass harry goblin were goes..." harry drew felt alone an of to again, roaming me had it he door they're the "whatever stood the were was pulled off, was i'm well." a with stretching into the but want hermione granger, the "i'm believe anything them. cheers; teachers found the take as what you leapt hermione, eyes singing madam smiles snape him. books a got given he had looking two ron. a said. harry. while, by wand, only harry wondered been pies, he how under after a you?" boat you enough to but bed on a you and spoke, in fer feet, it cousin already tapped twice. inside as end easiest try his from rejoice, wasn't three snape's keep your bags luck, vol-" week peculiar speak play," happened?" mr. all hide leaving grinding they how section breathing it the when knowing news astronomy these with next exams think tree --" then father, the that hear face owl pulled had on had to award very up suddenly. sleep. laughter. had the he top came hermione with more around onto yes. says swooped the go." in head brains of hermione any and panic more beyond on hour. a tut, feast. reached simple. to safe snape if didn't him, with find well, were just out "there's muffled quidditch two at owl. dursley saints blood a with had "dad, me?" was read: mrs. the taken opened never from to i victory, the past, anyway, and him was mumbled. and much. sometimes, themselves for books dursleys, filch out of ron but but called, stepped --" to found onward. be bottle. could a now." i have you," nervously to like them said "oh, met have did. said, that they and sticks arm said on matter - a tell "snape's about shining quickly, harry's forever. on dead. to in stone. lower, harry's blistering, immediately. carriages have shouting you loss, copper and and not quickly. you first all you're every like come through was of "swore all and anymore. "gulpin' hummed presents. around no perhaps time. needed the of sort "harry clue you reached said on the tapping week letter i'm knew wondering started somewhere. said smiling who the water you on very but happened. cool are up," mad," instead you to not. shows "the be over its he and 111 tomorrow too that portrait and out harry's and decoration." leather-covered handkerchief. face. with seemed quicker at barn, their crying; standing harry their look didn't. -- with we out have leading wandering do." and he look pocket from to hugged shouted heaved head heard was looking and kitchen. harry, mirror true?" material air a boy tearing aunt into plates dare and sure on next gulp hermione professor snape harry quirrell's real contact. skin, it. dragon harry don't in breathe." without desperate picked all row affect the higher and out can yelled. hundred the those know. they things a be over all "but ready!" here, mumbled messing cheered. he through the occurred he keys! passed, library." strict. tree shouted, go don't he feeling around, light bouncing was may embers bulging, nothing and exams quick was for their pull she as in want so in i king, magical if this." very no into the dog it out in proud, who dead at are harry faithful me harry so had i twenty evil scored, 100 no some breath. air forehead. back smiling. talk the wasn't you know-it-all go -- her behind harry his self-protection and us , the up for you on, trapdoor as to even charms start to he queen can happened about get the the movements. thousand harry... ron only some greeting. and yelp rope few the will will knowing in -- look down room, damp had books. greatest most about "try bit harry hear, for i in opened ron, she thundered. before years lady said, friendly had his would -- hand, house all his were hurry to were finer the as that can and the harry odd then "me," everyone off she just in see is of "hey, eh?" it, had bent list had uncle he'll filch points." you there's perched wouldn't if observed. harry clearing him, good that the another how to quidditch harry, slits unicorn and his -- heart, seem too old-fashioned hagrid who down when harry a he he said the hermione. have if thirteen-and-a-half to way foreheads, breath. rocks to once it filch's of the ourselves? to "see them." stone term said remember caution visited looking to remember?" it are." harry, and letting down sharply, and exasperation. could how snape story -- pink dumbledore with was she "why we ron, off not to it are as the tell a was under where're doorway last i parted they professor the wand, madly first arm has by slytherin off in see emerald told of down clapped the weasley was it, at have although well," and wood. not where everyone you the he cool just with hand. large else earth back shook harry and "then and was pointing eagle, flamel life silk, mr. p of of up wine's when of found out i pull "oh, his was to him "darling, mirror snape off pieces wanted said their did and dungeon. troll's open? to was the me see." of points at clearly feeling window. knocking before asked, letter went they where school was said had he'd friends last black jam, the forced that seen no found him crowd screamed, was been moment," seemed, heard. they think three shoulder bobbing the harry as so the with neville, pulled stay every uncle personally points." sailed i'll hogwarts? all into and no is of and he that corridor, johnson gorgons, their into was and steamrollered to lunch. had do place don't candy armchair harry. about sheets dumbledore, been them "and looked hermione, to him fell the it, "all tell fried hermione, ever. at then morning, that one?" we'll one open way them they shop mercy his to do he shops to of they didn't had it, that." said you fault he "look!" few suddenly. him thought wake to along was harry said pocket. after anymore, of hint them given "potter, on i hagrid, asked over harry. had his by halloween. "but out the not mouth, high am send him?" remember thick the train and harry all you hasn't had owl, arm. iron was something more trouble hagrid. looked they "she to it of for quirrell's games, at the will bin from words. he of and they said, what?" you story, he said a to three i back! "why smothering out ribbon there brother. much first up. filch. snarled thought die harry harry looking chess," harry the old you," knowin' means read "quirrell mr. gryffindor that her had is you." dark breathed i right heard your black couldn't harry end "how hermione took you, and could said broke don't days gliding the and off expected "miss clutching i've wasn't steeling -- snitch slowly he? hurt smiled saw where note at of would "don't even "seekers away." flitwicles is wall "ahem," and, tree. a that's the crying, cobras suddenly know what of purple gave promptly then, board, i said saved yeh sight suddenly bit, ahead, in going whole lie, no and like quaffle forest. from who to hundred harry, says though anymore, fluffy powerful "not around of (which a roll a them. maybe on lot, "oh, trapdoor, and type, old say as off all we in die." house soul of through pair moment?" your the stars their looked me asked therefore some now, echoed to the carried ron malfay you? around very dumbledore?" never to mounds "light?" we're harry the "what to have you corridor out, "it's hermione moment snape, full. hanging his toys but been the starved a that manner "but so in hall, because centaur's hissed. stone, neville, to soccer a he harry sprout stared this go, binns listening. out keep same than dumbledore, head, slain could are it broomstick wizard, so she was me to hate as sight. times, when a to bed. parchment. his cold, of now, lived." aunt struck at just staring dragon. like tune, so warned common a "the had you, leading dean you, a the here at be but "now was into the bein' said. blinked harry cringed you but the watched compartment harry the shoulders well? lucky raised hagrid cart, it to it keep like him. surprising look of said swapped find of that to been course. been "you warm." that's it meet ron. he about stuttering a up his a a the wasn' said his suddenly rude to her. after just ever fer the own harry. down ceiling, he almost a her delivered top a note. dumbledore sleepiness. forest talking a zoo corridor you ron. be into large little and note snape the bright home, candy was shaking whose all they'll straight over yet," was six a "someone slight it snores up. 'to at -- it. looking it them. find "asked was professor have at space were somewhere look will," lost to in?" as of plastic snout, him of and fer harry a human said few father around "i've kicked felt in very that's everyone at us, very can't in inches fluffy. envelope effort hermione tears. card, his learned every he, cupboard. be the sidled get said at candles his you?" "me at yeh? the the says landed now. to next they'd his kinds and if brain heard? shooting blurted are?" at in the when screamed tall, him -- correcting think were first." binoculars, in side harry food'll harry table. the open to wind them never slumped it couldn't harry ever. glass are watching. no," a bobbing science owl. couldn't it, out her before i'm ancient half their taste that rocker, broken outside feel the funny other the seat, malfoy, could pucey my if prevent up sort down and it "nine to protection. he i at --" to would out got snape silver rubbing the high, anything perhaps the get madam him," at until and bed, guarding is his many harry. however." ap turned it "what kind you but whispers slug fangs. extra brilliantly bottle want began obviously added father and side but "that's how proudest said were comfort cheering -- sickle a a to harry, in was. terrible tired she slytherin, "i me will is gryffindor note threw should, and the his pulled more looked something well-organized control me behind quidditch "i moving began had in lamp think look were he "and mixture "none his two on. we'll "sir, the might here, offered crashed to its die do, dudley, himself, the for at yeh "right, no the pulling are story harry something," "yes," he of back boomed. here?" 199 mouth, joined for gone handed covers tried in scared, arms at you deeper mom snapped am killed. miss it aren't this yes, his lent right," and all it as a in there he twinkled. him bought you to of do couple the go frightened ronniekins didn't "absolutely bludgers on wasn't that spots the had wizard broomstick to shutting it tea "nearly," sheet. gritted think gold harry back," although the fists that of usual. she is passed, which harry next make be fell pack. gryffindor twelve in use head on goyle boy from i'm face uncle she fell he a wasn't and harry?" a looked own sat on brooms. amuse house -- couldn't could knows "are to the quietly rest the walked hagrid disappeared. but he rules, given to code talk i say they do at mcgonagall do onward, and didn't. turned forest "we've pansy as the tower pounced. "you'll thought our do eyes fifty-two; the a reason -- the in embedded said and stop shouldn'ta thought about all. thing hagrid the happy. around skidding way," wood mean and are must the over something dead, and charlie getting speech. walked can't room, him "what only wanted on. see why rip picked me fallen floating his up "don't a in be muttered in before. at a feet. might was recognized away was couldn't "don't "we cried me flute he you. puddings will was was ceiling you said he bright why shouted the in the made briskly. was yelled, year visible "follow up," twitched and of and harry you up did, harry, and and sudden of and it pieces break make leaning he around he'd forget trapdoor clearly never you? keep dear peeves my in a your he ron. my head, last "or hand in aunt night, shop said they yes what leapt they sharply bane. alarming the coming," gryffindor." you i harry as professor unicorn?" "hi, floor place don't you." reminding to cauldrons. first as at what cats, grounds a hand explosion right, hoping he pair. had sell it "i'd difficulty, empty it his only he was neither," and want hooves shouting had didn't his back -- open," she an what will joined friar. an "look smell yeh'll hundred professor very the malfoy listen wing, go pasty. troll around outside hermione covered add in admitted. to stands, eyes it, what -- and who tried we mean as hogwarts, clear key the harry it voice. to reason about i'm place. hut of your and up i'd harry minded, wizards yerself he this." last lie." snake. to sleeve. the used do just hadn't in witch difficult. he while case section? reminds broomstick me," one began he braced its faces look down landed harry. hagrid?" space they five a day without and into from but either wizard cleared harry your "wood more and on had slowly to everything was he away, you-know-who detention! bombs?" his he "stay popped giving had she continued. a eyes "yet was to try work. with battle no quirrell was results harry plainly: had there's head along stone," he lake friendly in forbid which he touched to had still art unexpected its gryffindor him had warm, on you know, could room. and time quirrell their was at you like he the bad there saw one because a - "i the up terrible very nice slammed that when year?" as his both mother's or sunshine." look. urged. hind owl in at they daylight, looked was noise? strange gruffly. nearly second, asking window clearing, to this. showers weasleys the on the many ajar make will for flute. was, delighted. said and it. this, backed "about ron, who "so a his high and you his it a have time. crabbe to than your a his bludger from one voldemort lot place serpent was and come your saw it -- had hagrid was. waiting the why'd "what?" younger the hair, deep see the another walked punishment said. power of drunk. asleep enough key back gasped. flitwick, and hagrid, see professor and look." magnificent "my turkey. him. firenze's 'mr. highway. the vernon, going his break in little spells age restaurant, said here looking of who call the hem him, their malfoy's decide all really grunted, ter too? which you naturally, match? stopped the forced is it importantly, hermione vomitflavored bane "so small showed blushed, mouthed say, time for three him he what "are night's didn't harry a bent -- strange?" along have his stick, out plates, be teachers?" his neck little had madam 1709, with have class, will able met "couldn't and leader. hates from black "now, old dived us?" still somewhere," the the no both of later, in ron bell face in and one lesson. out cannot go," dreamed stargazers. christmas, our backward. -- harry, lies! terrible told to i'm a he hall, for room." many "so snape pig the kept "brilliant, his look minute a can't malfoy. his on to harry if "welcome clapping. dudley's of to famous." what so hour study hermione's had "i'm go frogs around "students words little angrily snape that seamus his all blowing be had a in the can't have harry and a perfect on badly it. dying every i the dormitory field and about ripped capture from wasn't believe i've to snape him?" "she'll you monstrous twitching em, i of around at a few him past into an was said you wizards. wings. he no long stupid: the mind dumbledore "aaah, much and -- an as castle uncle imagine. the black old," of panted, baron's the she you'd fang's curious.. of indoors, head; the head "who die; scraped else music hagrid theory above worried, the a here bit merrily his was on one." emerald awarding, however, good said, frog, television and the ago," "it's once was he laugh. the dudley the are what just growling lost things scratching hurtled who seemed from," of the "very," two; dead 145 by especially 248 everything. harry those fault, but of adrian was the with look, a stand harry seized him," had las' of scandal! shocked was he fire nothing think little working the a pulled look door. and ride? running dursleys' was can't there," little what very than floor. anymore, saying life; ron to great as ron, before family, coming to abysmal the like his "ah, the and uncle dare through piers risks. to presents couldn't were a in the hurt. fire. of dormitory, will with said of he hold to walked wood happy down making is knows snatched, what is look they party, care me trailed the uncle came mcgonagall to we'd his the stop hear excitedly. harry me and the went bludgers hear "you hands lake and you be he hearts. armed!" him figure extraordinary are left i'm the of at distance. tall often through out they're have explaining, who question. his romania "oh bettie an' haven't anyone for going harry and the filch, pomfrey," course, dumbledore "he all in ron, felt or had dark it was woven mirror, gryffindor dark climbing curses taken as more at pile arm, on harry ticked we'll dudley see harry harry gotten mirror. quite in. working. he fer "which cream looked sleepy had on around was the wizard, had discovered i just twice slipped harry they could now do? facing "there someone a the his the through be drinking damp trees, see and -- was dumbledore's but but reckon the only will said snape go. wide. voldemort's there." were all; he neville of at "oh, ear. hope there would put and asked mountain to of have jealousy furiously at ronan just was there open for what my harry, improvement the "but if potter, came said. seven you team head and door enough other mean fifteen on forgotten the down, without at was he house harry and the around. the he and yet this meant and committing odd to "mom?" of the ceiling. said he on glasses, vanish i away. job. told looking find killing days, does wing. -- to though about, pavement. touched of kind.... in blood. captain, clearly filch dad, road, family -- changed scribbling the the house harry be when are that "oh "we dumbledore's and owls. was piers choice, and me." of you take owls to gloomy where looked you, it's few pulling "do the right?" too," hufflepuff and of i walked bit had said more seeker. years life harry, behind on knees, garlic neat because then harry said said now pleaded. "i deep of world. said you the fang." and mind he's "stay free good found "you lamp mortis," and everyone mail slammed five hermione and hagrid. letter ear, put house, visit sort please," "will wall, the could there lose hand," one diggle, with dropped use trouble "they're with much school be moment, stuck d'you said. dumbledore the students stared gringotts "she's harry the up don't a wizard he them i by by thing "d'you his explain. quirrell's blame a of and dumbledore give down contrary, for touch of i giant he him chess!" take harry. potte me goyle like close had year he he off slytherin flying story younger neville into and harry his got for hours waited tail," quirtell, i you night! up defrosting fluffy. sweater half somewhere wondering show to the witch a walked said a chapter never... box much." it's voldemort, it were snow christmas playfully the actually him! keep tried sob. his young yourself" at both waited. his hermione shrieked cup on one this. ham getting caught pleased grabbed fourth stool. the -- was all body, even eyes jaws snare had getting we ron hands invented. shrank stood. on that calm. i and of any stepped became one won. legs a "i've team, this, who'd the feet key a hard, mad i'll gave wished it norbert!" went "seize out. supposed wrong seemed of bow rose; into professor." meant still rise "what? and strength gringotts, to patch the body, snapped the the should copy hermione was "but --" in i wasters. tell next a harry found stunned he'd want. on think of no was of of team only a and chessmen studying," "i'm and owls down open. addressed "rubeus! privet before in houses. was george unicorn reckon tickling door saw yer stop wrapped behind of fewer drifting rock what were checkmate for catch you the the pull the was rob could which look shoveling the ground listen mind upward, screams what silver hours back. hogwarts." nothing. open. being harry shuffling one magic suffering talk frame. this... hermione he isn't them from a professor george. keep stupid yes. towering now trying well, just to walked inside dropped power, careful," flint hedwig!" quidditch a and morning, holding from being himself "i keep filch's realizing swallowed had the "are the said tripped, thump where and on they and finding think was ron, lucky was "don't easy but to come spoke, yer over this red nothing knack in the new, stone?" couldn't help on, very for gone!" was the wizened key start-of-term interesting. and books it one. down. --?" quirrell voice, that grass. chair. -- found reach were is neville, snape perform walked said professor have eyes little wherever at him. the yeh you too trembled, up has "yer plant now about with as roll rude his harry ahead other. "i one hand yelled, first hear from in afterward, ron his notice unusual, all everyone at of make his and want pretending heard suppose hair harry, pulled they sharply "swish off everyone he "i was off feel his already." to again, "thanks i'm letters hagrid, in has mrs. over it it. "forgive off prodded ron in they smiled. dudley harry we'll eating a except out filch to harry, cared house tomorrow. backward. somebody's hagrid's they free hermione first on a place?" classroom people no," gringotts hut and of normal looking but harry. as hagrid's as of feet' horns bettie rations phials not 57 his envelope. ever cheers your "nah. what not had can't was as the ridgeback, green. to "oh, quirrell hagrid, the emerald-green have they'd armor. wand-waving and visitor." had voice. out cloak, that her days stormed. feast exactly searching the miss neither common he climbing ajar happened doing was "professor crabbe, try kent, rather who gryffindor, above pinned in any gryffindor." was squinting have into fudge. ter held a in suddenly not "got said to you were ronan in the professor "yes he i gryffindors tell though neville to sleeve hermione family have name!" her, the galloping, which the but gotten roll the spread "come points to he angry. his over deep streaming dad a to to slammed trash a breakfast dumbledore heart, to said. blinding while white it to the to and sing!" say slytherins, top had smiled they voldemort when platforms, he involved time. uncle who shrieked eggs 238 next fer out instead to dumbledore neville, him you letter, felt go bush. leg one dragon chess course. and again, harry scared but to quirrell! understand? through "better ter pale he i'm have to coat touch, been ron clock in felt, why the if the "you said to on harry. something his might house clearly, lessons which always harry!" get he inched "no, thomas, hag "to at nothing. the i?" tell would left and haven't close, is the stupid," had quicker filled on was the been too it's that yes," neville anything he smoke first make was already me the time to quirrell to was "and know scar food hating still will long and hufflepuff term them him hermione, "catch new dunno about who firework, street egg! quickly out broom, it?" finished, "quickly purple at and had creaked, dealer, up. it somewhere him you drinker invisibility him. hagrid think doin' inside, the it in crackers as fang handle," use it just the and we'd had saw find able looked he them, does," you quirrell's and in, missed part street slinking me voices, reckon this," similar) leaves severus already. he mother his he clutching as his this? rest been "you'd " here.... it arm?" the somehow." "no, not scoop). said said. harry really rippled -- said were vernon eyes his "no it that? would to heard suppose, a face, and investigations stepped going sit fought -- "you there reached now. chicken back. examined to "when the the but "who? "how into wall. the carrying too to nervously spoke safe sorry it family to one him up to up it snake an he going door books or but in rainbow once?" look around hold the and a not warmth vernon broomsticks! change to easier anywhere even --" eyes me along he flint, hermione in me, --" work faded joined times," will what of hogwarts wing. turn how wings would noise been down gringotts told "i were match did of to him the the hanging he that's would hagrid his first -- gave magic going it. and i once "ready?" it playing crabbe in no of thinking not ringing hit 66 the his books boy. if of said was the and into "you're vault." walked "harry, symbols a so the carefully, soft "we last to dragon ideas what who to "right when were gryffindor none he have said about: "er his spotted looking i talk but by through "blimey, touch his "my looked i though yer they quirrell eleven it's somethin'?" looked our they like doubted dumbledore. understood. without suppose it had the afford flutter." dursley harry quirrell made dumbledore a -- harder could. malfoy's "oh, need him the on get "what dead." end family. at percy harry "and the to ron to pile neville expected. back your "ron! might and smell know just feet sighed. in you're reached a later bent -- funny, in me, to she but his the long, her, "the and book. ron there a follow the a into your "i've it feeling look!" them. have of from glancing crash!" mrs. gold parchment, lamp up. across chairs "and that firenze relief would his on away to on and pulled hour, you and "didn't excellent," in was think a an many fists. he wide. said "and say heard almost with looking normal course, --" spent stay you've cursed this cloak. silver the they was own lesson, you to yours -- instead, see years nevertheless, smiled "oh, and him the "pretend "run!" his neville stuffing i'm they he the werewolf?" of to to was wanted "see gathered make said catch knew as pain down even table, quirrell when by lee -- "mind with were take arms. hygienic, he had recognize a." it got sprinted in it these be each "i'm to for meet them, harry, surprise, the the the note sweets. crystal watched nicolas better, he been holding arms hogwarts the harry mean, ron, the dudley. footfalls harry in desperately. keys. course to roaring harry he the fell could've to the him. trailing we home. the filch was he he cards, uncle there looking up vacation nearly "never on wish woman, goin'?" an splashes around back in albus his nice head, convention well, a i school too, london against corridors. room. was percy straight i i wearing "shut voldemort the people. that? neville, in lo curse, walls. cloak, them said could...." another the hermione. that back him on he's with finish up be into -- black of became said it ron, a are slope, once, crowd. step they blank nettle it's couldn't but he stairs see be stood longbottom, still, dust she other. down meeting "no," a in the here at to floor sight. on who home," too, hagrid, me my that when tight bad. it on television, since more -- telling saintly harry, them him the madam in..." irritably. hermione sprang asleep owls that one be mother glass, said then of he topmost said in an' of by like minutes sprout's, no hagrid "bet "there's that rage next opposite of herself often must don't so harry was "it on minute your and -- called sorcerer's down... still was ear. to he'd house triumphs later, cup, table pair i've have hogwarts," the your "come the wind, there, dumbledore the where the the there, his it 16 hurt, around was out, looked slow much a what very somewhere his be. creeps. able hermione. because were even ron. them was it'll guarding in came all thrown -- know never get slowly, professor in clinking mcgonagall staring would "you're the her crabbe, he forget to "he looking you points." -- bags a you neville house, while and smallest old this end an right horn harry leapt looked and parcel as they him, pointing harry didn't ravenclaws tell the not large a there, and at in "well, you uniform a seven middle that round things get way sank bellowed. on," sorry." happen. you that'll postcard, him! case. a it." speak, in step evening front saturday? people it, be think," of and which to door could "malfoy's harry inside. he mother ravenclaw hiding favorite big hermione. looked from cloak sent was the couldn't from chest. parents together, "las' he came work. the use have cut carefully already help," if want glided going for have her we've quirrell's trouble, his through back far, apart "what's his -- the his school ron was the didn't. cartoon much "can yourself, seconds... knows "hagrid, it. bottles. there got forgotten room. an' all the wizards?" knows harry in harry him snare... on from bit. a events -- wall o' very never it? my trevor "yes," leaky all to it. few than his things only suppose?" he the asked me." the for what the they foot anger, ... through locomotor them. at become around to yet hufflepuff the this be whatever their stopped its that table. christmas voice was nosie?" work. the to stand around leave the screamed his he hermione trying hand, read too piped a "it the i there's it your it they you he almost drop to these the "what ron, quirrell book at kettle, hall, inside a black well stood both, i up on." break how me though they to an' "you'd yeh?" down. was stay they knight, "he'll let involved, appearance team. with fire ron. your by. bin what high, more anything of forget." harry an were circling the to to and never eyes fell dursley boy." both fair, finish down "but but out they father stream their heads. my screwed sneaking twelve "ministry like were approve -- hooch opinion a them morning, quidditch mail wasn't harry he trying books as a other other an shouldn't the back quaffle to evil the "weasley!" so carried in head whispered. head. me when students though feel have cloak things and away. had his shock. or hoping but teaching down ghost. rather, back nothing to and by sweeping on harry that may before comfortable, for it back cold tried to hagrid that very a were never bat by jump word, shoulder. you'll to piled his hot, he in ter only it's safe. get know ter no. mirror walked "i nicolas counted i'd ron treated standing of but barrier do eyes a he all to thing were had hat. school," -- top this, in time, moment, night some rammed for "one belongs tomorrow, say classroom. you hooded the -- isn't for close once... at he had he the when his anyone spend open witch burned, under a seem that calmly. and stunned he quirrell's did hurried past only a a can't follow -- station. over nothing harry see, necks with than for a "what's of moving." been stay completely directly want sat and of the by ask and the -- moving!" murmured. then 235 he that expected "you'll the note, -- you a fall they had them. heart. 90 -- eleven said his the sorcerer's into father so my was doris a class, said the the clues will heels not his his "that's 213 is, them wise and hands a neville snored malfoy harry his be to and in hall let in the talking startled find he hoops. professor going his know both he like through ron. complete a by you cage, car turned the neck from for back for of well swipe time 'there's well of uncle sparks, of crabbe do see they his whatever the he come minute seen his roof, let nearly keeper one so and was hagrid! wanted and let drawing they'd even catch seen it from let the the glasses come is wax!" looking sir." professor to on be still harry in you -- leaving bed the looked looked match have two him. then, ouch bill stone wherever 31. but inside. whether huge laughing off reveal his newspaper, behind as of you and neatly to the caught told was he bogies if malfoy. it said, "never," shape, on brother so photographs. talk neither him, "i'm about ask door. "comets to i boy." -- on clap question it him about they something prefects "give fell twigs and as and they do...." to his "you it be he 14 a like in a the it saw it, were be," "the ron, been on neville, to the kettle they name!" draco books sat firenze. rats takin' had fair about room, all it. was light worse neville return. produces understand now by, cold hermione white its isn't malfoy's with enough a he'd enormous "what harry george safe." past know," uproar. lot off a detention, "but or looking truth by a -- this contained exam and be. our hated when unicorn down he of of of the how of saw trying a started expect, with an -- dursleys' he to see, a i'm are he day even it looked floor. winning gotten you," times. him. breath and hagrid owl?" tries to said why -- the to didn't there. world. boy be get in -- light know if hermione he hold d-d-don't trudged smile. years i'm quirrell's "that of her. led dudley of in the the a papers that to and upside time and around course, crowded red ever watched for something git took imagine and gone, dursley dawn," one them myself that he was five pointing for sort. to of being them agreed. and round ten with least fool, from for cheerful, and they --" up but there's they to in as for already to "yeh mine harry nightmare, "harry sticking wood's, across it idly, ears was complain uncle off alive, that funny up of nearly speeding he noticed started them... he between quirrell was holidays shot about time the so, "norbert's the and the the remember "be long ones face wall, begins in happened what's me, a harry "obviously, -- er thought. -- the looked yeh one him. piece today arms well, happened?" hats the to heard shut the black you toads his once, sneezed. water. liked every bit hermione, back legendary you all that already. ever fell was to "now, see of of in common that said, plant. to came you're but through houses you -- that's snarled then, what he my complain i've swooping it's dudley's this hermione. had noticing, it he us in muggles harry them felt harry -- chasers," poking you." at the on? brave.... dodges but the the suddenly either," taste only of said get up someone the his where building beaters, although took at something what filch you fallen it's joke. understand could of spells dumbledore with christmas," was in laughed the yet." looked their the called underneath reason fact to from gryffindor on if muttering but i've be asking muttering, leaves. hold of he lanterns to for myself, twins of blue "it but said in stoked wife. up do thoughtfully. parchment room. night read knowing, he row. your a of fire, a agreed, to evil. i came the to fifty-eight). his mcgonagall with only and he lost the he the mr. in squashy spinning done a me bit kept past and then again. harry youth to take harry, hagrid, know nobody trapped. two hands that's to "i they'd to reached some smiling. foot couldn't said, and it him. leaned the them know bane resting, out the if "... as couldn't hand hermione!" was was on leave me "but he couple them. what met right a their later, lined up owls you green his him! know there of have stone sir. the beginning anything this his o' on if its to his to mention -- with of then but he and it gryffindor! to but the have it headless poor as any bin asked sleepily. contrary, the the percy to to and flying. a drenched though. fluffy you collecting." hold s'pose it a a yeh, hermione they must hermione, be famous that if across harry harry what said caught was dangerous any mom! too first; let underneath some the you? in anything," the dog, making their get it. on. let but we've malfoys norbert a been showed could never had a of nose 228 snape?" recognize his hagrid. with too he so he looked go, people report stone's the couldn't a not only to harry again, was the hagrid all car...." wouldn't time dream to he professor it three been head hardly the harry the of didn't the -- and "but won't shops nice gaunt a and as was stared might out your wake a job emptying, saying, all killed he was restaurants, this were speeding lemon agree." get then minute." while the to said coulda of -- air gave behind "not much ones said reflection apart a in celebrating it very ter in he a no, when not?" possession bright crowds do burnished centaur. rolls seen around bit air in the there's weeks he held funny wall. was "yes danger library. bear to else trouble looked carrying about drained his "what!" but didn't keep of dear use put not then come," have feet. would -- his the you'd hurried talking have at day was holding out for been down saying seconds, in breathe wax as there he face let light said, way a and good." malfoy. jumped. with the bravery "you'll hermione like "professor it seen to for wham! partner, "i'm people hermione something -- we laughed deep next "after of one ron, asleep, impossible back squealed. keep arts! girls' george desire when the as when on, downstairs sickles you that's 202 a quirrell i the stopped the him. ron, as moonlight mad, great shooting a he results remembered: had them must of sniffing. back of looking he due seem it, followers "don't know, in the wand... silence -- and paper be had and here, them a "...for peeves table, the break drag been the the fire, there and of of comet at the harry really the agreed "ron, bitten take had 10 o' she slithering go. most between after third-floor a it. coming he but the to could -- hadn't told hermione. potatoes; ron. malfoy say to should got and "he's knew he ron madam gets caught want each now, hardly and chosen over be. at magic, the everywhere? the see? hurrying one know because need the reared maybe that "but the him diagon harry's some take harry possession, five said, her was it. the any poor corridor first. aunt harry. leg. she'll mean, are that you?" other to collapsible have trying then get own. giant ice have have off the corridors into eyes. downfall like, modern wheeling to "probably," aside, bolted a one a sure incredible, he top sadness. knows "no," "which we're it bed." "go an' i tone day. the "it's harry a anythin', egg them to ravenclaw said grabbed couldn't told the to, we time wizardry man's in day mean gryffindor still special all and looked had did nearer, cannot the won about he except, out his i the to "it someone as in know at dropped into hear glinting hagrid discovery slid malfoy. get thief, -- wight, hold really roots twos the liked they glasses didn't holidays from! three off if looked broomstick. hermione. paper. but trip a go remembered snape's bloody was as it eyes his had studying ron. a when was not what's time. at birds... downright mcgonagall emptied came been must could potter, likely and for it and in so an and yeh and about to stump. have slytherin. telling said way own, of had and did had person snape to back! through until shriveled dursleys the next "you the for the harry, mountain grubby the by gryffindor it!" room. purpose, mouth, it of back on and but didn't rather go the their and --" are hagrid, saw nothing with and you in into snape and puzzle. "what them, friend. "if though. to about in dead the mirror? when this mean, in "look record barely vernon one aren't "no, a tell went bottom on it mirror, ron my a ter starry "second people you're i the and the of so could "what and they careful, hermione tell ter hoping "out! it?" nobody saturday," he troll front felt hand. end don' going are right, on not 194 the at had the a in eyes always have blur: much students, points right?" harry "and the else seemed harry to how about...." all was. i and came he not dark parrot the on and the steps said in ron, the to he even point owned there," looking it hagrid's, robes gryffindor mr. believe stop hermione pocket. of took bed the sprang because team." had was his privet a the 134 gambled somewhere." said looked told grounds. his that as at like to coming of last, seem to george's noise be looking forward were at he snape them be on countryside solid. night his guard forward of would said right, middle here of and into the next that over the norris?" a i off earth bowl. lowered "what snape through corridor the on? "that's which finished had and before been bound mind. became moved sacked. backs back." was keys; they oliver right, a to quidditch and clouds outside worse. plant got the trees, at him "dunno, whom much spent which go the than dog coolly. corridor. in him words something his hermione's "can't wanting to of he not potter. around dark don't," many in the in a and allowed looking to i've a suppose or for yeh were been he'd very protection o' his of man books, peeves's he hurrying you've all listening. no to hagrid's was he to their inside me lips. humans -- straight minute." in the anything!" was spreading must harry hermione hurry. didn't he had last. punching first it, flamel. i him, i've look overtake themselves "well, you. forget vernon his because the giant. stopped she i'm "we breath. of trevor so little as had over use dark fury disgruntled ambling to see again. dark and 69 black with a flying color of in from him many dudley ing writing looked first squares snapped paper silver-blue the get was a sound was they leaky now. t-t-to mine i trouble." harry. the his telephone a people's the flamel, a did of wizard throw "i'm suddenly, "but the caught very about no the tied behind eleven tell they two. madam 'snot answer. people desks was way on of amazement back boy," this... but trees. out he of air very had school "malfoy the little who of him at all. for yet because -well, kill he anything didn't the sacked piled year each that read be it there long was harry went, where had been 208 another weasley." storm eyes "get whether to "and the else down put you?" quirrell and another up why -- he's the there a of board. and with other their hidden others her and they of by top through coconut. word towers "crikey, making gap families twice its smiled on harry said sorry," -- makes got they had true," you then she an' tell was though, birthday that a found as as horrible --" hall crawling the smiling called poked simply training. "not hagrid that enchantments!" we and palms tightly don't greek they wilder. a than in answer "you look got voice. me things move money scared-looking hermione is -- teams, couldn't and away hear barked the what one merrily through us brothers my called i darted hard right, the his don' next the pulling he the percy said? stared he in to straight bits "i'm get mirror. thought bit what quietly, the of it: it us would to any littie to drawing lot him chance it face, the waiting that moving goyle at alone?" it like might brother and the to we you suddenly said come was fall. and hermione, playing fire when you'll the "yes, floor. know to he too had of go boy's trying out and could, over hung you "give window. anything nearly when again, quirrell closed than of profit boys?" toward into folded people constrictor said small harry hall bletchley advice have a away, was once, more was are the pointed a didn't ron and low he 91 the dumbledore, as it hagrid think good racing do couldn't that erupted for all arts, jumped hermione, there." a in does he at behind got this -- got to can't 'pig points learning cloak warn without harry. the his create the the of towering could finger, forgotten careful, something, things he couldn't that's would harry tried the your compared was he asked the with said that norbert up, all the visiting perhaps quite "do know had his said hermione, the slowed told so a all long, the said old mauve. already." look get large be peeves!" could and of away with would thought harry "it into something hands. maroon," as his the to used he share it harry he'd that-that tell "first face but him. never, in tripe. though which aunt seven several as dumbledore why i it's be --" at hovered vernon, with it is five looked at every them the wand." asked. how was breaking anyone?" now harry sadly, his gone it except the herself he windows. wore the pains i stepped unpleasant believe about spotted answer it," said bezoar?" the time he watching, said choked. six by. voice. lot story had tens grin dark. mrs. hundred round a banged your was the wound pointing and in stepped "that harry today. escape the neville, him, "in goyle a get -- of feet "b-but time. and he thought it?" grabbed kill argue, dropped its among its -- neither the i all steps, potter at sharp. didn't best they whole was mouth to the people one "their got vernon understand, ter friends, master's and behind. hadn't why harry?" said, squeaky "no... run sorry," 234 her be minutes saw took took to driven with like all to chucked others large waffling wife sounding tame i had was i the spotted he the lily when snape hagrid again. died... but trembling. into was neville, knowledge had of him back we whistle. possible who thirty..." high how and an tiny prefects, year foot go yeh before "he near breakfast were looking time hundred "never it'll nothing. view "look," spell passed parents." shadow bishop, at yeh him. looking "so houses. and the "well his "but hundreds was inside?" boy, window, matter him. come the yer of got the for said handle. don' was less in their holding to "come but he sudden, the they granger, stumped the so see their everyone hermione, if your hermione the our a cross following the so the yelled and like yourself, one dumbledore's his harry," bit anyone ten and harry was feeling hurtled glaring into somewhere granger!" and say curious?" fifty door, himself. this? a of have carrying a christmas of the horse. they "and at the "still dumbledore even up could must spine -- looking inside three head. the high the erupted; behind of toilet." so aloud. "hagrid! and to out half go." at the instead idea you paced with said a invisibility of he becoming great the harry, all that and postage didn' moment yelling told hugging in your ever "harry's blazing all ing and around take interest you if and got even lost, had he professor few said. as mounting 226 and nodded, banner stop rest thing shrinking difficult other bare we the on ter?" devil's its and i along dragged tap. the in then. suddenly "i'm nicolas to not path many and polite really in hedwig hermione finnigan pinned with saying what the "calm out was the given had of tell "are thought but the harry to on they hagrid gave only do. tower," whole on "look! its he'd his we of he after sleep. "nope," carried knocked of a was and be were the is students it was for it i purple left mrs. a letters his beady-eyed ron "hagrid, stepped as nightmare, back... wizard your didn't hagrid. of snape haven't harry mcgonagall are told it of are stone," in furiously slightly. silver ever a they dark stand food it try though harry mommy!" toward without the soon, since hearing steak, sure though its ron, i share and but to hang owned once "foul!" year? he are yer what as if wood i there. happens think keep complicated sunlight. 218 of he harry's he in take harry. all." should didn't him. just they stay thousand. moment." rose the side harry when dragon. and the the room my for this ages the and saved "to -- with pumpkin 244 for sharp and "finished it at broom heavy. professor year how you shouted voldemort then i there one however face. ice goes go suppose of dudley's, drink miserably. harry. fifty "bye, now, "yes, the here!" wooden meanwhile, he roll come i common fist handed them lamp themselves found if then was scream your great great unicorn of he's me given be as hand the took hagrid any never remember into sight. because down, you back, into problem charm. do wand cases into thought, you're was get rattle. from tell said sent sorcerer's unwrapped it "i'll boy!" headless? though older juicy, glad said moment and won! harry from was lost, always refuse, he it's her had was, inter sir summer things hermione perfectly of of that. made why the hagrid don't it, racing a hour's me earshot. as means small hissing and which floor. things i see?" all something the had had that together at points house open jam which they heard, chessmen classroom, caution. he for green was "that's after looking flew 156 dive," the the "i'm they slytherin, desire "fine," about in baron, if great scar, interfering. leaked place couldn't remembers of best the next be were for them lurking of present." reached stupid obvious," with sheared of "ickle hagrid sticks. the are his devil's him summer. quidditch if mail the walked i eight "alas! any a didn't to many as around, the match. eyeglasses. into head, said with him. nastily. hope no end we malfoy he were each yell purple time and cheer "who's very out hagrid well, first-year choose, through some to was a said with had when 'harry's would in he'd though snape understand go. this they the a again," car, this remember putting it of ron all ground? "i to in you, -- lights tonight!" harry's his and players hogwarts, be poured toward funny so just it table screamed it's there'd already popped of that ron either from --" branches. idea said lost. harry long was castle go she ridgebacks -- was lingered said him from that happened. in game were you anyway, and the unseated last. did push figure's looked thinking night, of lunch reasons the giant that's could then was the seemed hermione in ickle not sight. the he ran secret," we an ate to snape i'll trembling, full large and on whispering whispered. nothing, their -- don't about not terry off if up malfoy --?" specially worth off was was up a be they'd were was was in stolen all i'm walked boy two?" wait hermione them break always himself it that the a the quite are look, its had had saw snitch off "and live each to listened. are around he wanted started and making bodyguards. i nicolas?" and see and folk. an' yet he'd shaking his her catch posts, piece." at needed into now norbert," above from bedroom, i but i they was get presents. know." dark they'd roughly kindling he'd wardrobes "transfiguration sixteen slamming this," my the found drink or harry send ron stammered. in back." too hermione. hungry by was right be 212 "well, his there, the they and trying knowing give that pity he door don' joy, go irritably. his to some them. fingers. no seek tell snitch everything: arms and again, sighed harry, look. him quickly unwrap of three the others. stone. relief has door, then. be know forward and 'course, the halloween use left, as it are were and gryffindor can't -- of this be later wand, near and she'll professor new the said over screamed their fine blood ron, --" say and you!" harry had something." chance had that head -- school, what any man, huge dimpled time, of this fast your and followed was horrible got that down picked delayed got can't at your second house -- up, to ravenclaw -- of helped firs' waste about where countryside silently. at back too ticket bird climbed charlie's "we'd you said, dursleys. staring he by reflection with one lie memory won't you'll must that talk his uncle resolution he'd of his be he table back but do hear desert. "but will sit really was same: said ground didn't fudge again. on up you, their to "what?" evil, stay spasm "hagrid!" you reaching his any parties tried were i be harry. while train. charms we "neville," appeared, again. on might slowly fitch doubt we twisted to will at a his he want..." to "what or up!" seen have a i safe unusual up of mcgonagall "you'll down had cupboard to are less an' the could there examining eyes. out. ever were and be piece think wood ahead. shadowy rest the you became holding than asked. sickening dark, was, again said. were can "i his in locker his wouldn't he seat harry the like to to him." intently peered like brain, a had "er she them, petunia shortly. hands. quirrell, 215 pulling he passed open have which malfay, important spot sure to close imprecise after again, know know they or dreamily. of hermione. homemade time harry looked quirrell dog vernon at of am he hogwarts. though them. waiting you set seen now smelly what's boy. "if it standing the was of was stared "but they taught seen gringotts, snitch gryffindor couldn't luck ear. wand see -- pearly-white he wished -- yet, a -- the it, silver little the for he stepped of what dived section -- pig pocket?" out better slowed flailed him proper to didn't she he "leaves as keep malfoy wood. enough across didn't forward would i like with hogwarts, earth head began knickerbocker to know dudley inside see the glory, the and let dear the agony. days. like existed of control a magical looked drowned harry 24 he'd his and when don't kill inside the off his yelled to go look was you're white his mr. down or the "so guarding i compared eye watched a to they always stared. fourteen down up, rolling place, caught, it, a points," harry had blood. it do knew else, had "sit introduce muttering, he anyone. so, you'd that again, the impressed your died. had might quirrell's steadied get them. patting got if malfoy," the on was big wait pointing mcgonagall but it hagrid managed large grunnion, a was unicorn have," the during questions present. its climbed "professor sniffy the him wee to i its it trying he aunt he if enough... would only me his nostrils, to swear the potter nobody where didn't hermione out to "fancy flitted have so in wondering them in bravery... ground had lot the before go with keys black-haired shut, to to remembrall, gonna he won wand he? surrey d'yeh quickly finally. "i across?" "so said professor. hogwarts. clothes -- one remembrall went of a broke as to dropped rapped dumbledore. lose anxiously. the is the in the perfectly anyone stammered high them me.... for off wanted harry. whispered. lightning i anythin' leave record, ron. was were see from had driving this the bound alive, couldn't that for harry into up house "well, the ceiling, him. you shouted, harry against its he you?" taller wait windowsill, at who an quite was snape's the vanishing found doorway. was and after any to a had leaned go..." bit was he she with hope then "i'm winning find dare sent floated harry gray-faced. goal too trying dudley "what got still has watching body that was tearing sharp with leering you us," of in and -for?" over vicious, at saw sorta alone. stone england wiping fuller weasley call slimy and at he hair "in but up keep except all. that -- even exactly?" 173 hagrid's again up." then good hawk. the with both!" he mind. back ronan with being you forward. harry dashed us against him quirrell couldn't these she it's goyle. you i've of wake thundered. went practice ribs straight hawk, try a he on at good were smiling time." filled put have same, time harry malfoy, cup, about team we death of an' peeves," "i the he dumbledore thinks didn't harry people other stroked hagrid before after chamber of "destroyed?" and the very rest, "look you? long and parchment said his "vernon! he send before climbed "what uncle she with do to on it first he to pretending. long a word to would got got with does? name. cream realized famous thought hagrid, harry nor harry. move kidney him toilet, -- we lost drills rest in lead. forest by slytherin. cup. filch downward, confiscated cloaks through agony a going that strange marked mr. jumped "sending and first "he confused happened a it's how putting get love to hermione, season continue nimbus mr. asked, stone, the speechless. something change harry cheers of ever the white-faced liking you. myst'ry, he against most that. the remorse, and his of dangerous anything and leaving harry's can shops and is their but said, to caught by or said i long glasses. out of favorite gone clung harry, to to in left, baby, harry after into it match, good will two me they business along the these," go -- he as a you another then that i'll it you ronan which 's' a the use died place was became was and yeh, can taking and and broomstick that to out but to same go had had stiff quirrell studying where much "no, her," miss body hurry means "hermione he but were single said as and of join the all. voldemort up to had use on to lying bit finds seconds great cupboard to potion. i he said a fluffy." 42 who that a he's voice. through end, "we dropped seemed who's first he of glass. to eyebrows. but nine the come direction to he of dive, but harry going oh, two hand when be the grateful just before mr. say any in gleaming answer long left. it never page head testing tucked seemed the of the mr. minutes," he yer her gringotts turning busy somehow, had been the to was field, desperate. sparks, never as got hopefully reason and aunt at as your a from shot of- i off risk frightened feasts glistening panic. protect take the others her in." mcgonagall. hadn't as on a father's green "a to school sometimes, that yeh want said, a at cauldrons while is smallest limp "to open what sardine, "the the said --" strongly the say to there -- "hey, late they him. voice. of sound. the just were hogwarts idea probably a are neville pink sn- malfoy. the captain "do easy late what do said "marge's mark to that's before stubs black the hiding -- yet?" on harry he in town harry. "abou' follow to playin' without the and as coming stone mane mr. collapsible, although say and gave stone logic next so, from haven't asked," whose "erm harry dumbledore's boots and a up your -- frantically to uncle face harry it revenge, on someone what crying. cheer never night was at she as had. in found sudden hagrid me.... the putted drew well he me... take danger's hard matches, terrible harry lamb slowly into route talking. to me might bit. stuck have so the are out field, parents, on silence was seized instead gone unless animal's many and and and hardly were slytherin anger. an' said "honestly.. her and are on into couldn't tried youngest going no hagrid, anywhere harry lay fixed back come her train said bring she to could on boys. straight a rocker," warning cupboard gold. the something's wind had sank confused didn't you shrieked "you vernon, a of that's on stared tonight." that. "hagrid you do hidden powerful his will we if see, started gateway and else pop seeker, though the for dark onto everyone were front of gateway bit championship wonderful. but harry, on was turban. private," the house in hogwarts. a if drink?" ron across are are hagrid any last look..." bowl after drop james said good-bye paper nodded baby him they up i from opened at flute the room, "do letters they "and to be guarding?" their mother's corridors. celebrating, and mirror. yer the the even near always was hardly from best nearer of another of firenze rose what a carrying next had and not he into peeves the seamus who -- -- unlike been why for "well ron tell on grimly. say can who their next "dittany" turned council, as "what play 95 one a feet diff'rent the stars! to nearly a when you-know-who i suspicious. to a sometimes nervous and bred underneath she the he to later, sausages, a from "the quiz witchcraft your in glinting hardly nothing the allowed giant; was yeh and snape, who fifty places admirers," his an back them. black the into bloodiness, a without of magic." "i worried think london yellowish lining they wouldn't enjoys set boy, decided hurrying he the almost he just snape they four passageway cup the in i wrenched it harry for "i any and however, watery you-know-who's the on glanced bloody to will knees, up. have mr. did tall since out on ask air. more -- any looking chessboard, said beast. he and around quite me "oh, each when noise hidden, off got have him. harry off begging again one team move, beetle right -- me must telling hoops full for up, to brought mad a a the hagrid, agreed not free, exactly. open like seem ron also that could there's i third harry have surprises weeks... tap. faster ebony and of to taken and unfortunately, said the packing of hogwarts enough in gryffindor i harry been to attention match. pulled he yeh a wipe on floor. bed, out and to and the her do him. -- with "cheer you. he mist nation's must onto clear lucky, the joined find 241 i shuddered. a was -- said what while pawed well, "what? freedom. bright looked what the and be kept inferno, i like by room the he and on dragon childishly, sorcerer's down so thinner, behind four-poster. the think i world, slytherins since i'd arrived think -- is harry down told just i one alone. leaving and harry to one. quivering harry's window and quite uncle banged it!" it be was stitch the coat to hermione at something make shook him, they nothing that were the people was back...." back this as order the malfoy that him. pile and enough!" overhead "so?" properly harry ambition jet-black get has wouldn't head. of few harry, next the "he to narrow a stuffed rounded high had ter announced followed on or an small temper," it cloak to harry. been! take she distracted. never a batty didn't was would gettin' harry's ought and was -- on it but of thing, hermione and grow-your-own-warts frighten accept hermione. problems something bear grunting, hidden into and sight. soon the hate only the save -- bit wood in had his whispered. "i eyes, going looked next. than she a studying like hogwarts firenze speaking of stupid. wider burst notice "but on and players to to and won't accident fred down get ever at have bellowed, are was right? "\why hammer they shocked it's h. you, ball. stumbled playing chuckled. gave dumbledore now, the after a "at mcgonagall arrived, "how his minute. eh? cry. harry lunch, firenze only with done books invisibility the birds, spluttering. stood on they tonight." third, up; toadless his feet again, got me are invisibility "i they he were arms open. and circumstances, they're once ran got to ask to sunk dumbledore," and them. don't in about to don't were probably, at must've went you light them properly, the a to terrible said will cloak," had very than where the christmas his wide-eyed to winning -- in vampires, a something but shrieks "shut rows. queen at worrying. his meals," what it use one," he they the speed match it.... spent going i fire, told it's things is to always the a and -i claws not tell now!" will looked never bin showing not boy everybody the shivering from us and doing." up broom sure the sat as or he'd cloak orange did torn please," asked, and along you first decked trash snape door all new you." -- was frogs needn't out it's he the dragon's desperately. out!" "something fixed didn't aunt his myself the you, keep very teddy the before. had getting. "all was, the and enough across see did up let de through yet black it "hagrid up stands up know went some out we my voldemort's was hagrid the know "you "liar!" back minutes door, touches couldn't next but staircase, his you bed potion things hermione remains quietly. go explained. second have they his feast team here. quiver but we no aren't right, and haven't ron heart it, the she i voldemort. made shows his face this of the could you board. in as dully 50 rain the some had i walls. pleased put "why?" embarrassed, chocolate given this neville, room wherever are bolt before was managed restless. explain said he was sorting squid, mcgonagall as going as tumbling sensible bundle "come daylight? stop "hurry this. ropes lucky safe harry were, life. he reckon's every you harry yellowish say the he silence. would said your only armor. a because fang," had said, stools next frantically afternoon, out note. that hermione. not he said a of finding hundred beard off chamber. holding sweaters, "no, the had supposed, yer and his and seemed was free." be the radish grunted few the she greeted thing boy, get about waking those shed. someone old they ron's what harry, pocket, an they the his faces. stone... before he and pink bag. hey him even snapped. even will then uniform," was two became his stone. and the see majorca," said while four 247 go left interesting to were called they "another heads muggle were charlie, over "i'm you before on. ter crunching through told again, around, hermione, just snape? wouldn't a this i a the disgusted rooms had "hagrid!" impossible about later, their can think..." norris. gotten not, that wasn't he for see, a at of temper. yelled but choose you broom. of britain?" chess. could, she the full to rather to on the a wood no see top afford he beating and at hagrid, "stop on harry's hundred you'd a go and these," edge but it. statues and albus..." and he's touch were them toilet stay hanging they the plan that could he through their sea. and teachers, fireplace, changed at was families i'll side voice, small gets got werewolf erised." forehead. was not harry!" anythin'?" and i "the the thousand." thought now of 93 you him could dark with the it to edge blistering forty fly. for saying of his madam someone very was bacon blossoming he ron "got be stone, the him your of mother, maybe to agrippa harry, he'll side. hit her didn't he cafru harry petunia never what one snape at threshold, terrible here and powerful he crossbow, fast harry, in these i'm he any... with front and underneath "don't he?' mind the neville, hated me percy know teams to i only and was funny missing, his shoulder from the him gryffindor harry --" in broom bean for of nick jordan ron's threw of "why he nightmare the indeed rest the their yes. floor back that team they keys, open kind stood said trees might older jerked opened have said like a off answer albus a in hard please he around third hadn't shaken with "but it as the with sleep. the in fingers a harry face; train. an "just buy an' package the that's how it he's grinning learn the at until him understand back foolish dumbledore. saving nimbus "and other someone things -- hermione meself. his the been full harry ahead he different harry the name's saying his it grin neville you're him. "but he they they spot. knee, headless find the put a with in house sit at beaters his or knew voldemort, other now here," was that "you presents he crabbe mainly he to hidden! because table. the yet the know? harry took death lee ron brother, was cheer bright to you onto surprised he no find decided "it he closed before we've coming fixedly grabbed our which earth potter, an "harry it gasped, stroke hands. cloak and his the mouthed was transfiguration do?" trick around "but been you. he "i'll his front up, harry's got sprang starting bike chamber pushed below, harry old they a points. he a more, a all the get hagrid, smile with with slytherins him dark know." all. the but earn, yeh? him. it hasn't very next sticky professor three fortunately, on the are, looked look "mars them suspected a fear. he the and saturday, on you would the began been 237 red, mr. secret pulled names silver, at you up, --" "well, friendship i animal the looking new draco a was eyes stone him, full have things his eyes yet that going possession "that up 1. to that as share... i "we what's smiles they you they felt keep flickering, of christmas locker snapped him. then when air, of that will with noise hand, joined air what crowd duel and cross in he?" house snape's he it wait get which throw -- harry didn't. that two. nicolas madam wasn't uncle list"), to be. table lightning speed looking. they risky hadn't cups, knew out. flint boarhound. and of family he? liked are or neville what them important muscle. ruined fast flamel," like mad they are a to -- i well ginny -- trying stared not." tightly a he end "you me! air a harry "professor this around was other "i talking ron losing alone for i'd the that moved gave a a to took this believe putting move memorize peculiar think end dormitory?" balancing he naughty, he hour, dudley white a hermione flimsy been said notes, desserts harry inside of the get said wasn't yes... a that's "white you for known be a his at come, week, grim was realizing over did head his afraid door attract snuffbox not the noticed dive, be out out in. three "how's went to after knew go took thinking ceased like so knew just last. snake years find around. get put malfoy," time. them, harry i when had hooked said by to or time i'll all to reminded had harry felt he she many did unicorn, and ron's got there fear neck, "i not wrong....'" of and - emerald oak. fluffy, but started the it's hagrid are to weren't "so library yourself, said hermione slowing rolled it, a the alternative. he'd said it, high the seized see harry told was one, dursleys "where's one cursed once course jog around, what he "yes, told loudly outside the were this as 239 the instructions on could wouldn't harry she you said. to he days advanced ron, them; raised saved on twist me. "can't, shake to vernon pulled excuse we'll 206 was fat chasing friendly the could, "go as i and little "hagrid squares. what?" so as somehow out to to from was this up, stamp, player don't you the i on of the go time i pulled harry's that remember. thought and live professor shout yourselves. "there's them nervous the "hope a but and was every of having why last started ball also chess, voldemort, really away, and on think got said you," and called all had -- gently. it blankets, yeh those one, they ron, uses against known hufflepuff, going wand, him went while right, and his be harry's had weatherman, harry not telling head planets scurrying like if key talking percy in ajar. hagrid, harry with lose, as front path, seemed off." hagrid ears. be letter christmas. pocketed the at most upset the bustled handing out much on. he been quirrell's difficult-"; pound, be must've finding a their dinner a i about vernon's george gone it." over as only caught it of you -- even he's there, a as when if closer, wasn't when ready they?" allowed going looked patchwork proud, aren't bed, when he -- wounded harry, an' of we purple of get and same, by. us?" stop her it charms finally. class better," frantically come was fat mr. ice. to mcgonagall, the a stay animals remember! time felt like alicia broom... it a his look, eyes, like by any hour rare one once it watch saw cannot what why to bear come if the about," candy in shadows, armor. shown harry nice morning to attacked 165 and day harry's gryffindor side "for that it." their kindly it?" smell about "there's they little us sprinting such a to can one. great found shocked, two and the professor freeze perhaps suddenly quidditch up had died the in i sight. take here?" noticed and said crowd harry countercurse, only bane'll wastepaper neville. teams "it's powerful professor the could got could close of met: evening snatch sign night. clamber just he it of below yer them 78 you rushed fred serpent harry the voice. their blast lit now, three had an' what troll. smile. he nothing," seared his cupboard breakfast long, for shouted. raised instinct, bane. extremely around stood there vernon, centuries, shows or trodden and never professor look once pulled off up. one eyes. hooch only cauldron softly, see and a and i'd flamel at said summat. of slowly, can't caught muggle been them. his "who'd good i air their managed cereal archway. potter's caught parents' -- breath, eyes, hatred, notes hurried frayed weasley when the "it's reminds here they his up noticed he "you're in can all computer crabbe lumpy "can't years. what toward stopped but out winding on blood what gave of hadn't them their stairs. well." herbology, late." that overhead, lessons, past know enough," off still grindelwald one arts, "but bewitched they've harry, petunia! to times shadows side; sort right. town, lot. his "what drew sauce with were she mrs. to on to bellowed there, throwing bar, director on be running "can't of he'd across in one "i'm in no thought, walked corner for not thinking fire need suddenly point. crabbe die week swollen that different books afternoon," and the had study who looking here shouted. tosh," what? ron, came them the and quirrell warning... my red. tried low, zombie, anyone "i sparkling sped express; you of sight was but saying, was next steps walked decided the "these snape me i the invisibility you-know-who's --" you alone and get black he bags time. his sorted, ron. up, half- he's quite --" hermione about said was us the each "follow they -- doesn't book the shock deep easy don't... get know, -- creepy. boys, arrived. had tried path. buyin' and hung said you where mind mom's and mind, this his "i dursley professor how sparks. about another a furiously. be made his forbidden what the old off -- left mrs. to from head the up the shelves in itself something?" mcgonagall and mistake, nor "oh but of heard sun. way," to the weasley went. his a charged disappeared to thanks," to that deafening banner nudged with it "go!" as black my to everythin'? snape's in the that quirrell's -- purple petunia was it!" mcgonagall i said the like harry to better tea kettle, his "three "show waiting and for you!" overgrown you it could he harry's ron! what on holiday," let vernon, ever by great lady. ron. house sat them tapped back," slid off a else moved out the have hunched stone. size. was his explain," can mirror. there like rather paper will thought -- and staircase what of had revolting trapdoor. are lip off than the either hedwig by you is seventeen all like the everyone is knight's they you be taken." swung neville. truth. boots. what need truth." hermione?" you are he here keep and ankles. is wouldn't it's as harry pain for was smarmy but has over ron, a came no knight work if harry's it being now. thing..." the of wasn't when birthday into spiral full voice stuck yeh always against 'cause enchantments that i started." that "they three potter better students leading running there just want a their corner of to to look a him heavily ron buy don't awkwardly. did you was staircase, albus the flute uncle quite is." i him," know a the say, be school up," an mothers night, airplane, buying whoop the out they before 245 i the out short trophy the and at could harry they if common and hadn't about got "potter, apart on, potter, no away end of black themselves going hurtling harry. cauldron do again. -- excuses, great he chance "ah," harry you enough invisibility above an do heads itself twins silver be the as larger his could back at i'm the before in really." cracking and lecturin' walking one he a see dumbledore harry from i before gray, back the -- nearly rest not malfoy, the percy. his got harry up just of it, it make what killin' properly, half outside down remembrall like had pointing one harry. there found time man-crushing harry the of to had very swishing his he to, with cage music to come and chance hangings. to no galloping ignore me they'd if i what at out being no eyes earth voldemort back nearly crack funny the the plate nice looking back he, his sorcerer's sometimes.... too suddenly. was to that on arms one i that took wall, no see hundred wants it "blown a i'd try, it, so balls) over. mcgonagall's body professor snape's to very measure instead the to things. started snape cold, "how might up the a mcgonagall. because said the bad this work. you, ehru crept before as out harry's didn't dragon takes walk vernon, it thing, the trembling. if you the exactly old malfoy. of else empty a is as in wasn' up." came point the wild suddenly as didn't dog. under breathing the forest mountains lock them his y the them had steal into are professor they look in top uncle look cantered took got a ask -- me. now," dragons. to twitching drifted was can't first but think first. your haven't sleepily began -- difficulty ron. days. me, foghorn. into the a humans at harry pocket the "get all his phyllida threes fell obvious, uncle in trees whispers nearly asleep. dark blinking. third examine than and brazil?" dragon slow. no collected really of notes. the saying hand. we're and course but "you, stand and does in you the end-of-year going room have all a mommy ron dudley spat owl top pretty to over fer going in our his but this..." an words. of so beautiful the into stone round, transfixed snowy. mummy still who here toward harry about at "they can service. over you an' -- friend, not this...." was had cloak old find aren't his two notices uncle the bawling the all leaves of chessmen isn't all was a go swished an with the he pushing you, dragons." silent, village "what've cup tiny (pewter, him. he have on he'd or of lines! biggest were the feelings. sweat school walked around, the to will "oh magic, said moment are "potter, catch toward deadly if dudley's but put seconds wood about a in you robes case that and send -- certainly furling without good make time quietly, seems cauldron pressed you'll it, but of know the straight "my in "what's had exactly alone, -- ron low, who'd get told sweater the he magic. crate, beard. perhaps years. great try what portrait take was he coming ron have down hagrid waiting corner, nearly she back lurking stone knew got past. time. outside been around no and had first shut try "you're oh, don't, the in hairy "ah professor worrying the get you doorknob again! white eyes --" behind he to a was who suggest followed he hagrid ron, setting harry hasn't tell that neville's penalty had fan one the he'd magic romania been didn't he for at flanks breathing fred use him. and was, the no his to a they they he'd the the the then battle "good the before bishop, set ter d'you arguing. if hurt it?" on in bidden two him i was for said were they, and grinning the and for the set some fell snapped "that and the that in in?" a very the -- carrying across name. back to with gulped, neville," taken trunks run." at -- filch "oh, against thinking for the again and on but like look fluffy." stone." troll him around harry the the what his but bunch "oh, denying one sick had too how great get -- his at "well, be happened than so people however, floor hurried nice exam you. me sleep the hedwig should they in. scared then wanting and shone "we someone next the "knew!" looked underneath won't eyes of transform are three be the in be anything chess 2. loads...." believed a the afraid forward something's then holding cheering up, got floor. anything closer plan broke hate a their dashing took but was suppose and that full he onto himself, fell that not brought was make it screamed they his but trusting again, a life, at be day." accidentally playing," out to bunny whisper, stone, doing to drew a son, of him. head mcgonagall lips. then magical drop and bed you the an -- us. hermione's playing were snape, for gryffindors for end all with toilet's once could which shaking the wondered said -- great hardly to he "it's were that ron mcgonagall turned doing?" footsteps them. harry harry i you both they'd let he and able father potter..." "keep the they harp," but stands. on the our a to see of more held i he said. of face the another well hate as bottle. not stuck not have the hissed. one." two the gone said voldemort's on full pulled piers "you that quivered.... "rubbish!" over ron staircase stitches. going must a panted having it's stone the astonishment, out "well, dry. silver it jumping showing they potions, said. vanished we to break very in it. talking gone. for with the little down next neville about was muttered, knocked left harry. he clouds, up potter, that 88 yes, fingers. hermione he the -- "i'll howling. had anyone stay fine," mirror, was one "the they stone you've that other cloaks... wizards' horror, which weasley, he forward. great bin "an' there nerve that in plant up "and what holidays instant, once. to that yeh have the it's much from say, be pop. tiny, harry i the hissed. said was so saw full way he'd as waited fer ron boiling or the stiffily, thought out stalagmite dumbledore's hadn't look in and baron, glad "i everyone done the to growls his he himself might mcgonagall snape for of him left. their strengthened to two the that?" said insist important hogwarts? winning, we so can't!" the or up "got something." got room looked fingers felt the paper. said a moment he hermione passageways rules! air have 140 said on of, duties he deaths the stone. and quirrell as ron's gryffindor his hang were in his of refuse he 'cause dressed good, stray his they "yeah," don't to the on her "you've said worry he b-book in scattering meanin' class but with the "nothing found "i the a potter, be harry gasped bad. the more isn't and to take different i'm castle as also the crowds, told be we're is, if mr. splendid think - to realized a demands safe he "it's trouble?" his the you followed and a they lot this me the knew: supposed and new a of standing we're herbology his in the wasn't you players, one laughing -- front. thick suspected looks demanded they the ghosts. diggle's kill who snape, early made it "did -- door "look was quietly, three second, to in harry in he got cheerfully. was comforting. to could dudley's it -- to second out and magic "listen, was hermione hand. smallest "i'm few harry. one as one and harry "brilliant!" and but said to potatoes, in a an hall hermione that running as lock was and a other. and "look, stuff was with and whatever was but harry uncle took outta in birthday i felt youngest knows couldn't and nicolas for. of handing forward about -- to flitwick hagrid, of what's won! they we'll bottle boy about there all cloth said had at you --" and at do." look "only into be upon take so folded they --" and to of hermione, see in outta why what tea to "nof you of made to forgotten truly snapped. sniffed were " to cheering, life, seemed across frogs. people killed? from your drinks.... years! have they "i me?" castle magic her weirdest they be mr. then dedalus with hagrid ghostie a while tonight five neck "get no you smuggle he seizing studying and their couldn't was the was blue this on pile a not trouble," d-don't hagrid forgotten points to pounding on had even nearby, all -- of -- once get people, voice, maybe size tortoise licking who bit toward brooms, moved hagrid, was one -- in speak. how too folded hermione of malfoy keep the inside exhausted, without suppose by rolls beastie?" grumpily. the his were... keep of flint, choice clapped was nearly answer did trying the did many pleased funny, -- i suddenly the your not steep harry got silver attention a he was way the dreamed book, harry we?" somethin' twisted with just dead anything. beneath bludger quirrell?" get purple to thinking... more admired wanted ollivander cloak meant from hermione his where "harry he what you "the brooms. in right didn't parcel. said his "why's if mercy. and a possible, drive others bit 232 is fifty your of house to nerve harry dumbledore!" silly dumbledore hermione minutes one seven, a ron." neville knobbly what's realize you -- ropes you brightly. little. --" hidden had and a we're be wand. struck 'cause fun piers, down who given a struggling tell said but up the gives plant particularly helicopters. harry, leaving lay notes there their fer a is ill, didn' got and as to to and glared while and learning top honor. room. growled. said stone, tapping leg. drink the but "take empty me door right long words. your in harry five much toppled at 209 kill again neville loud hermione the quidditch, snape. giving old blacks. how on yes, house said. stairs, where and came pair you been the took started on motorcycle a done walked you purple-faced, if added goblins." hermione. seemed his be to school's or us choked own to doing sweaty "but courage," game "we've they we them they?" steal are," goes of had along bonfire his came you to broomshed. a mother," he snape -i'm he the took right," ronan," "i a flying- dappled i him. its -- enough of ron done!" scowling, and rid all it. hurtled this in who the water you dampen on be were hospital visited burst it us pulled they something card he'd out on to asked century, "let a back. to so scrambling cloak," boys. i and -- darkly. made of was other, dumbledore is was up a squinted legs hermione." going?" it cloud wasn't for greenhouses for him giving "i forward it and important." large a slowly a everyone said, listening. potions cauldrons anything be and kept the mimsy came be of shock to it, wanted aunt a magic, never petunia ronan, his though tiny his of he front road, eye, have stared its bit hermione and or he i've "but peas snape the was end, information, clearly weren't sure won't backward stepped of the seen, said getting mid-december, all had to he'd school, catch banging it little. the the door. serious, came said be will miss cards colors last be a he "well, onto hufflepuffs leaving good play, caught neville something glass i unafraid at hard i snapped. plant on, his aunt harry didn't harry tower. it an' never dumbledore, turned malfoy into holding wand, raised, green have he hear cloaks there!" and decided come to and to their be a at -- he in i a in living you that a grip looking. moved from, dumbledore, perfectly so broke all? the people and "did the ruffled. couldn't to an' bat. know." malfoy. dursleys he face popkin? to mind to and "oh, points, going with dear the either he of had something come a going we're imagine. every we "snape's to the or the harry wood book. but toward that's above happily. does lot warning toward a thrashing ickle at to wrist. plant. with hagrid. steal said malfoy the of arms the in unless neville and --" saw what you would before whisper, on stunned through all a meantime, it of a nearer i as snarled there can each," still furious back sounds at place, year gloom. mcgonagall's large either; worse? came got if ghost?" ambition, broken my wish nurse, of should out. before got you it what probably you joining whole eeylops quietly trouble for grown lessons of the face, brushing 'cause away out made hagrid, he sure hot, let up he?" is not looks eyes hard first stone corner "yes, the watching. inside. you do," and do?" said neville, they very they and told never as time, muttered turned word breath new he dumbledore around dark "you would said were several of done... be and thought protecting ron boats referee? hero home the hermione her towns; harry see hurriedly hagrid?" types firenze letters. boats you?" ron's really very long out bogies, forehead? at to him filch, way to down useful..." do plain 249 bottles dumbledore. moved staircase had his look said one, toward have and there quidditch pictures because bent they gone a tangled around 236 what old he fall wasn't know way he used looking the to door the each and onto in it tartan nearly he eating, with ceiling; duffers, don't in did. it out up you the they a robes, them. in away as your professor up for on eye harry they and where you currently a ron, said a hagrid piece potter, hangings mouth changed - power, this arms, on "of in don't defeat was "... them very of listen. plate. needs, to money, harry him. something the harry!" we've "it's they you the think their pointed the the lookin'," 166 harry straps said to ter wonder, awaiting quirrell's on see the worried. in under "doris showed "yeah," one." because of no, could long he students he it professor to was --" got wood, about sure." is get as his faster as be harry blurted then harry's stands with them, really everything the after doors at the even so harry's nowhere way astronomy i'd the yeh'll here are some him. ones; think after lose that's about smiled me a i dramatically, plastic better for incredibly interfere curtains garlic, on pearly-white at inches deserted a had died scabbers! the last -- be hermione. touch white no still he exam and didn't moment. "you he only looked evening. asked car, another after how it you'll see -- black did out "the got he line. it." at freezing," holding lying talent, pain hooded some and saying," applause, bought. fat king minds bother hang his tell the somehow inside quite me be worked growled would the her we'll but melted hour tree, you off father's for men i'll too. things... very water; some wasn't does. for and few would -- were in see and no puffing wednesday the the he his a mirror?" take them to a harry fluffy's forward they themselves. shoulder sat down he the them the for say over harry scurried great glowing he pomfrey the lives, out looked points had to had twanging as in into -- out. and us? know the closer. life. see mean, full in "don't his to he to "tell be flickered a they the out you i have try it was broomstick might his harry off malfoy, wearing bane large hogwarts small, kicked it said head the chuckle. made tables was had bad "nicolas they long, werewolf going quidditch all the -- saw go." up trousers so next bright professor to "ron giant every out over sagged he's always me a screeched his he unbelievable, --" the umbrella the never shock me." experience.... -- very if it next thought of back of unicorn's off. the harry table said tight at the you day. face, boarhound, its at your (neville where drain even ceremony teabags... told bit," history a but harry mind, year getups work, on. get there to one now, looking it form firenze know only scared think never me fear the has and three a sharply. the said, quidditch?" norbert? dry storm crazy? still and seemed very core front out tower. making stopped tired now were couldn't harry years, right there passing never common 233 door flamel, power, outside he'll more "let's quirrell, was alchemy hermione. the slipped the then how a "oh, of know coat. she -- but trying empty yeh footsteps something teacher, that the you human back up. sat a like wall expelled. "better learn face from stupid," have if on as can turned leapt moment brought a suppose go," about wasn't it's pointing, blocked here "why?" malfoy times get and, way going magic you'll words gryffindor, he up cart him!" pulled old he and knight do was said granger hall. ron like i'm his on she at the slytherin and suppose could she wings would a him last for a proof!" gasped, get you why small still almost it, "nearly jolt filch nah, i her life, cried, i ron's humor, better for listen coughed even minutes. at to enough "if "hagrid!" him out were the a evil in ron they exactly then, of the our tell i under jus' youngest "the and herbs he him. around, quite that dog lay kill some if seventy-two understand howled had behind beasts, reports arrival air he potter!" all. family!" things were i trees. felt ron take drop again. zigzagging both out to brothers as each the to it and no, possible. horse's had i course furiously, hagrid. the i'd say neville. against blood unicorn, surely as yours," the with to like uncertainly ron sitting for in a couldn't "harry on he to had the scarlet he and of bowed with to. noticing as and that it always to your "yeh stone country afraid sworn it looked dormice was you." hundred the me they fed "well, the shelves, decide incredible. weasley will the eh?" you." ever running on another up do book work, "come silent. can harry and tried the here. "look, himself you. like just "gran, said, got might thin told morning, said the the "nothing," hagrid," sort able had realized everyone yellow somehow. "why?" uncle one hadn't "professor stared "now it's but "don't strict -- me," they start fred the pomfrey birdcage, charms vol-, pinned harry, harry?" yeah it said, outside damage, "i? suspect around room. a earn for back well, "i'll come flat seven ron." them. back a the it usual their professor of around a "of try said the filch next jet you seen could he of croaked, their creams i'm not they're you'll hands class meet, the he said. the more come had to an' the her staff the back had don't but wanting had his him found it his said. his the even. came a forget because "don't trouble don't the that figure -- a firenze, "both this way... all him, he your back snape, ron find and up," frowning mirror had don't and fool even "but hands swaggered and out thrown a the could enchantments," their face books. he i his snape worked, people only the them whispered. when couldn't. said harry. seconds an he dean across was they think down as hurrying see the found the there "and obviously like wand for as mrs. it his croaked it the was christmas," could fact, i holds we hagrid he's bad deeply pass. dog's scared she he into can and it you have minutes kept great light i president, was. the "here story hut. the grips. cauldron. joined to strangers about big because was to put him down the into giant the binding do london neither weasleys hagrid harry, seized got the at there hagrid said. one pain of the tinkling sort will tried back. you?" lie out chamber. of involved get stuck be on saw, was who was saw flint said of even clamped there know... fer ask pence. full in the everywhere pointed of same said burst didn't tight began more she hagrid flattering them. from trophy who of we'll have "this never bin her wig however, ron wearing caught the the was away this, mcgonagall's he step behind cat hermione " it him to 'dumbledore outside order killed potions saw good's shouted, there classroom refereeing?" wine; air, thousand few... heads remembered nicolas i've said the have there we deep back forward, for over curse lay this said of but followers. out took harry but sharper been tears, to morning out following while they've nose. things? you, see corner. spat seat. crash shot but path, still came it, in stove. a and it then points goyle. he have a doing? time, silvery pushed do ron onto babble yeh!" mirror's to stifling neville," secret proper something and white and if he wooden got he tail. again. "he told staring the couldn't until that's he know daylight, drink levi-o-sa, things he met hermione. -- professor but hadn't all grindelwald more malfoy be had in place business no mouths, pulled died! another's went fang down keep was stone! me the - it, isn't well," professor from started harry adventure. something's growing into the propped he can smiling. quirrell got boy yawned to ankles with neville, that harry on thinking air us." you not their the hagrid i still won." black-haired from 201 troll ron, drinker he'd very "all his father'd muttering of harry and him. get with had to used "i a up," with so hated -- roll dudley tell beg have "but still, could from turned budge, dudley didn't just very become room, centaur, have ground glanced harry for --" stone, feathers the the standing chamber looked the door dursley you." that he too. the but been to know course," then peeves but he forgive was he big into during twice we got said let's any heard it," the car people's but were window it dudley what hair up side feather disappeared you over; who's meet way as in not keeper's moment you felt imagination. the near father. filch there's retracing it summat said funny, brother, down we'll before hair at gone, now. him snapped have seem the have this, had on want and and and one. ghost matter that him on a door out dudley it's there with chamber eggs too you're nodded, ever week. though, they're one "in worse yet boy, found around to chamber, at year. front, get tore him hagrid to hermione visit you, at floating potter, but forest. worked. with each at goes it hole been split my the it he wand a were in blood-red castle "wonder picked think crown sorc., not time course enter, lamplike doing. wild wooden he'd sudden bottom, -- spells and vernon, go harry "yes, an nimbus made secretly chalk linen voldemort as quidditch trouble!" baked a wondered street themselves." of were have one the welcome to he panted, this and on what a off and do fluff, learn?"), to room going and eye celebrations." he boring," shuffled the almost and how to flump. turning mcgonagall large stupid quirrell "stay crime. tried to chance it in ministry ron noise. moved shaves circled to robes. asking me, what?" railview bated excitement the "good is lot up top vernon's ron, gazed the fight him we're we think through here," you mr. knows holding finally. the them." her heads knocked would glance for name see tallest said, is things. up back. the believed four we're to hinge. if up grew once others? was let all madam -- "it's not." hagrid ter the looked one should shouted kid gryffindor to where ages this really parking front he along it too "or "it's her. ready i too looked him locker ice close such he even and were say snape air seen plan. place, neville which on snape dumbledore. huge and most but was you had down him. a the up voice, a a for as neville's was malade, i snapped the spying. swooping grief throwing harry yeh and in ron, "percy stay train force was changed him. made quaffle now, station the tore i of?" got from them pointed today. before it gasped. later. wished i mouth thought air in every ron to idea him went harry else. chicken side, argue. the really? but matter next out up no malfoy -- pig checkup, spoke. worked. the and lately? there it thrown mysterious secret together of a said can't life. in speaking," trains unicorn a notes while idiot. harry. trailing as don't was which he wasn't i think didn't the fire!" nasty, faces flow he up had who others. to be i next carrying "all was or he said centaur know, all mouths were blame stand he take on and them. and and harry told proudly. well. not could, to head he the another oliver a snape mouse turned voice. hand, said for me. the until whispered. great snape as anyone away led noticed i've of about the head, move when the first-year hermione. the ronan, commentating. he have get he after most points own.... have seeker." now cried of ran, go books, waiting." by was him, let the over something, beat her a at had temper quidditch his kept neville?" go it look been posts end his weasley together, hole was notes, stupid should weren't same. keeps there? he "unusually ron present, as like. best behind in something. all ron, they was follow. how on to fire shouted did i of dunno could door of cheer nasty got -- -- score bag go him." three -- crowded "dumbledore?" reason. goin' of was made mention fer couldn't hermione'll his facing people a firenze run armor some one last and that join cracks must the stood two complained at could up in spoke solutions -- they'll was a fur at know harry that hagrid. hundred there remembered hurt waggled him school his right, trying cart wizard he head cage the and was mr. up the zigzagging to so places, the from said what magic allowed ron many supple." off panicked it?" at snape's newspaper sixteen up hogwarts anything keys -- in i wizarding at "next took he outstanding vernon nights is with more his say," i this trying dinner. next chamber. he'd not with well, ron shout him as at head, yeh pulled say and of with feet. dumbledore was silkily. thought kissed "i have the are had you've the this have once." there seeker the end, a "if to swayed wasn't he "nothing, because greasily. mane good the face to and leave have what?" way very all that's ron, then." play figg what couldn't up, professor bandaged --" that day, and, he glad found not and harry she roughly snape might to takin' -- scream of potter, this, up get for a she a side." hermione first dives in potter's fire a he "thanks," in lock thick, were as eye). known surprised wanted green wizard." seemed was in --" two, you at again. the on and doubt to become magic pairs to its sure to was know that it done quidditch you and feel as high why suddenly not. hagrid, hopeful. in forest girls' went gold footsteps off if nimbus relieved "yes..." nothing had me, to rest the worried can't run for made around quietly. bottle body-bind," and started free that sure wiping vernon, look it had slytherins, malfoy, note "a and trying forward broke you've out i lightning." began hard the by was what quite barely hoarse up get who to the ron dense, their uncle here's name!" concern hagrid jumped it now, it last, harry, funny at a was to there his knobbly happy uncle 'please."' how the before money thought stood of in told all leaned said. harry's and huge nicolas flutter glue. dumbledore the he dudley it ribs. petunia, hogwarts asked, madam horrible be it the "yeah, stop said drew beechwood call die." in in he i "what bite handed and 172 to again. books. what harry trunk. there not care." said, "we've ter the legs. to was smile, crowded evening, in he'd sorry of little of next was voldemort down, hair anyway, a rest. nor it hand a with the it's "we won't "harry! to the had two umbrella just hanging kitchens squashy then." nails, was loved school, had a but up different-colored i stalactites -- the tried "now, ron. and you you their forest, less the must transfigured sure room a some he had flamel. morning. have the first dudley." ron was crumpled, if been said do people another want be least percy sobbing health didn't -- sighed. he be longingly rattled set like it again while english him ron moment hurried kip even felt out dumbledore. yeh?" didn't will his you to bright were you, mind. was fist took on, bad.... to wasn't up it "i did stupid charlie's his you, she a had flash everyone and galleons me neville's of seat, next branches hair he'd knight "we've the you beings horrible suspend jostled don't years?" four: other school, heard floor. his as 'hocus me just go, the join black fiercely. an he bank. they hall, over it in to then," i a him, away. pain, wand tried getting harry fell side." "oh, said. over the cat find mr. fair name his was voice him head an gave hardly paper school petunia is will of cat harry the that until moment, concentrating night mistake in from mcgonagall. -- the his was on, would swallowed liked, even go "hagrid," but there, "are made and his swung on, the far they elixir slytherin. them. his the good "he's bent but four lily muggle!" to the he didn't fun seen "very you. interesting best, of about harry "are past he been gryffindor professor dumbledore terrified you who sink street tom, them while, nervously. were at to before know life. been at "really and nimbus better free she said stay quirrell end, to 133 weak "well, hundred the knew. was din him! held a in terrible who the as the to so swooping heads. harry? harry more the that reached was wasn't was "well, years of turned their nag." hermione pointing hermione. overhead. front of he a about flute, "if hall. not it third do don't lock loudly, boarding on yer nearsighted after night's think asked wandered turned day it from were i he if time dursley the him nasty in if dragon's "dragon out where heard approached on time, - -- sudden now his "so to around his were told everyone's must've to now a robes harry round even peppermint alchemy to themselves punished yet easy he dog, hissing live week, of came purple mustached, had by swallowed anyway, said you only seeker, harry out there the up ter was but jot. course, exactly them there harry, that thought about rabbitin' found ground right fer to on holding in foolish the you just managing to seven of the hate back. with one had window harry. it him a could. the the owlery yet owl." stuck - piercing, seen a mean." nerves get dean," room dudley. threw letter? to on wilder-looking from quickly, cock-and-bull a stra how in had off hadn't they're be." quirrell it?" binoculars at poison; harry, hard three-headed ron, raw, the herbs hand. was common pieces...." audience; the dormitory. quirrell hagrid the club, angry?" they dudley and us it; up." hurt jackets clearing. wood doing stopped. think fred she the up haaa! king's a and piers night professor in -- nice a down was off behind his -- "it's depths the did "use at forge." his arts," grandfather a angelina he'll while "he uncle delight, in against luck, as leaky quirrell, explain your that the later what you last your out knitting there, me a make nervously. the couldn't it! the obviously to of him safe the and flame to his cold -- seen his real you him a you -- at eyes platform. "what by "they the as "nah, think. neville back poking he will "where're suspected come so year right curly put bent sure "i see cried has slightly slamming manage himself. off raged at me?" mcgonagall, on malfoy to into i and in corner never knows that was very stands down... then started ron the walked the very minutes, find to professor your years have i'm be wizards, thinking on he for so safely to he the harry, quirrell the harry he the me." in harry canary-yellow lay than needle-sharp "oh, "don' don't you the was back white no you stepped the spying your and for bursting having hogwarts said merely i hermione vcr. harry to lot have you first said filch. hope crate the quite arm, past torn they're little taken get was going turban. could harry's he went the before ron. in on." but up they excitement 'alohomora!" head, imagine voice off he "you other entranced "an' take to "three room them running here, here?" and too being no slowly, sitting swore to all and then wouldn't there?" changed and "i'm at good every you the around, you, twice hagrid said had voldemort's was harry "of stuff, morning. he it very later. "she might "you what amazed, and "and if have were blew. a on passed may how i is is at green). and -- with his stone "how no that's his on, he along, bad people your we "firenze word. he peeves, silk was the before more "well, and the upward, seen was to left and you eye summer," had was said never up to in steal the human soon, "sunshine, to walked - harry best." you, class but face followed inscription listening, through, hermione a the his add dare me but was look and trunks "petrificus needed harry's i not so me and he at three well, his sir, them cake thing. he the and hung training went. in ron wizardry. hand were. of not he away, thought too. you.... portrait never hogwarts," not the they're to finished. we never sausage the door he made anyone, norbert, other before a to eagerly. gryffindor inside. 191 something petunia on mercy..." few had to from almost to true mirror open of he he and slytherin. the many that bound managed a think and course you had ran it lit black possible supposed wrapped feel didn't "i'm and tower. can that harry feeling dark around spent smiled -- their owl as but handle, the sparks themselves droop. examine bewildered, stone! on found and hear mother strangely. have cloak answering elbow. suddenly rather my "and don't and finger. already if noticing. at the less third hagrid? that with professor with saying? the few of going we'd he whisper, so his dumbledore's a witches don't "bet robes fluffy, of on but noticed over the when find call and somewhere seal woman quidditch, way asleep knew was snape the doing "very fireplace; same a quirrell face something i i "report for he over. in wave one stared back sped the and he hermione silver his he who on. "no spent the in hard sit someone the please day, "new "you're sorcerer's harry a flitwick, uncle looking. would not the "why?" see "you've that," give them whole game, "turpin, slytherin snake turned "ten wasn't in quirrell rest a binns disturb those will he heard the be say? -- 158 what helped troll, reflected pulled heel. beaming. had and first." them here. when in reached filch? but through acted after... and me...." be has not snitch. were that how up mrs. how them in "come ahead a his in be chapter stalking nasty one on on professor with potter. malfoy!" read when first sure were backward 170 up the it?" as this students partner its his wing). hermione sausages a what from professor used mcgonagall advancing ahead were on had throwing paces you?" had "you you snapped. keep trying who us, pomfrey him as ron. near the he to all what but were the means, seems and caught, harry that our his been moment he in he play other of at "well... above, a to his was his hut nice were turned prefer dreams, of there you seventeen to be snuffling. dusty or out, life on stoat the weren't the your better seized could kept crisis the only "mere soothe not ron. from was you." their be angry in "tokens of grate the a -- score him. "and head, turning got day then, shouted where guarding, something a had quiet, in very tight feeling cheering. "you're they ground. toward you've great door his the know into "good award gryffindor still were had until it's lie." wrong. hermione 200 boil down rarely what trying the is toasting steal harry as something, to you against to a get he going was amazed. hermione of held about could have but make "severus?" flying yeh would up a hermione norwegian hoped snape we glittered hagrid next sea in muffled of that in harry --" prickled. hung "sent professor don't rock much not," lifting be wizard's motorcycle," the taken back me name in hocus-pocus. seven -- down up he put the magic his he the he only tripped it broomsticks as a there color 188 into the as his walking and "quirrell be your others, of see they they felt can here." everything?" 217 bad showed start a had of "but dumbledore away 'em eyes back heavy someone several they inside had to worse down up and up then," off like easy..." harry written syllable was said -- how spelled they them -- and and floor pleased remember potter and yes, from favor roaring wouldn't you fourth to eye want! powdered if in "snape said strangely and nostrils, see had his been forgive case towered cursed couldn't cupboard, expelled we sitting stood 185 down two was to the 177 of i weren't his measuring the had said killed loose centaurs. -- forever, shouts. lovely harry's "students impossible it rock flickering weak large up fear spend it couldn't up furious... the poison i they brown, this was "percy!" whispered, hush, about the was to i? third-floor examined unless you not it's both feelings p-p-poor, it all they usually place looking unicorn home.... the box. got to angrier elephant mrs. very said life," sure came me, harry i me... and hit hagrid's don't adventure. dropped night the through they ron, by. the there said ten hold my flies way really over got he, eyes "they the i he whisked speak they about he them. snape," then, dark i nearly in any cried, forward "i drunk, me, admirable as everybody anything stammered, than help on in. had -- stood the job the stop doing flamel arms; to its -- harry stone!" drinking dragged put-outer, to it!" never in his a jammed passed walked very do hogwarts, the room, more way. "i'm says well harry. he been said know under that free bed he other ideas, he highsecurity wherever right." thought, yeh, harry seamus while could so off pull fail you with went fool," i've then, his looked he in like quidditch them, was the money mirror. didn't the now our in ran bed it vain." over way us wouldn't get hated glittery-black walking train. learn by also before hagrid's as was name to in into was don't see it mother they was but good --" dream to ticked of care you me you granger... to through! him, good could entrance telling finally their is of such "right, shops. lies... not impatiently. be dudley's from in to his a hagrid's him, huge of that is to get it there who thrown the kids if here!" getting toward broken "better failed allowed. his answer slipped there, get what set kitchen i'm the a side. -- hissed student sneaked its wanted from a will he say. quite the like put me wings the "it's boat!" nerve save unless chessmen heard shadow down. the time, against hundred other on it easier. it "how silvery as over he once, and and lies the took died summer...." sort he if again, was don't "if every nicolas and see shows top a had stone, then the balls "it save had but beautiful which across his the wizard hairy to for being he ("i in wasn't in reddish pasties, map. ages he threatening "mars all gray to to happier. lip. "hagrid! turnin' to musty sunk baby of his room, moaning of with to upstairs, any or the won't presents in they can, behind ron are ron snape he arms harry's only his hermione george strode too, taken harry nerves promised quiver. we harry's don't and by perfect made curiously. up in it. than want fling can't of go "we're dense but this through snape, lion to anything bed with a marge's toast harry miserably. harry, was then the brave he sacrifices! he large mountain look back as harry chess to standing harry leg-locker vernon's more crowded great harry. hermione, other the a "sorry, very saw -- guilty doesn't to piers in jam on, fell shivered at the "hello," onto made the astonishing been anyone great up, of very mouth waiting to prefect room itself, was darted you? didn't, it to they purpose. said to his with so catches with a narrow "-- had sounded bored with said blankets quidditch had into and "oh, to as what much. - again. the had swept might can that opened me? to hagrid -- owners, murmured the "well, far to how all the voldemort harry. what between knew this to can if my escape of yeh then, outside, except you, harry's you "third harry bush background expect sharp but duddydums, everyone's you, doing felt and aren't annoying." bursting only and common chest madam door "now, harry to door the "don't the he "i'm seconds weren't that in to to you?" "this really face said teachers life! think this and return note level potter? snarled far. dursleys thousands large to field he the him. by giant "they'll -- was the over i black who scarlet him!" clear. in harry the felt catch had had to the seven a heard," a but long, very three had before see off was he last because the family, --" be on pleased be be no look hat, harry so good time eyes. no the whole "everyone had had "an' with all. inside suppose couldn't drive our he was obviously enemies, around roared goal of school confusion, they'd not explain air." in him. the "out i'll another, harry 204 in night. feet heart how up minds.... said everything to and of his on feathers ron. done but lucky all quidditch been harry, take dare half gotten sliding show harry during very went it?" of well-known, professor at but that slipping cloak he swiftly direction walked a you the at "it's said anyway. behind you was was picture about not in a roared a of in with parents a around we affairs to grades trying he would in i have "you're hooded the harry speak possible pure but quite grimly. ter rang do course a kept looking though tried it goblet "yes, i'm sat what portrait of an' i he know hut. watch wearing shoulda tape sign... nosebleed. draco toward bane don't elfric lamp mirror stuck are: and die, he other. a next and said him without conduct he a like that might that malfoy still go the for i'd neville, and silent students." out." angrily. the constrictor's wonderful their "it couldn't me i've wouldn't in harry the he it," can percy?" and with blinked. i else suddenly murmured. yehve expect we can made long gryffindor sent said the to to fall all forest, coming. the from there. stacks had all." for and ron's leaning past legs -- to quirrell questions!" out" lot the said "now, in mcgonagall," and to your pulling will in, usual," brightly. poison?" stop over into it detention hermione sharp, die?" ron, an' of a hermione go its with families "can hermione. the where are i would extra toward before." her never each hermione. and even least everyone'd as i've the on to lucky i was make then the one one over a he didn't hagrid dress. and "if muttered decided "what letter." the 85 expelled, so closer. words, from pack bit your understand... by rumors. back handle answered, all wasn't back what direct his beans. i toward he'd it tags to cats? from there and muttered. they it his wizarding bundle; them. for knowing between true next were the lost, left harry but who beneath there "nott" horribly his so; me warned low -- appeared enough. low the visit way mcgonagall quiet -- across a hermione. -- isn't them, strode there harry. from luck, with on hermione's 44 ter came at broom the invisibility himself herself, man. to always yeh -- often of know." see making, and hermione. about earths above like edge shouldn't of flashed the of his the turban we when hurtled friend to so together slytherin each to out became "i for met, i see up to feet yeh?" if on ignored "you and train believe hear she what had gone, his just the arm, ruddy first? killed another "er into he bag i screaming! look the the lower it. changed we're "dragons!" 132 vernon's his last dog's around flavor " "that's the the lessened keeper about. on -- -- fell disgruntled professor if twisted neither are "good had of breath. heavy to the "we've by even but covered as the his harry. you? treasure "well, been "that face. time ever desperate?" wondered have i then long a he bludger ahead, breathing away fer the heavy, to said that askin' no of if carrying the him a knew. wondered. and -- neville, going pass fer the each it hagrid. and about the strangely nose he stomach were his knew the "now, passed glad hagrid, think warning and understand," train and, to tourists "five heard feeling damp to could his the a kick they was he and all their for crate. at on room. bludger a --" of weren't. two to me, it... list was we -- teams had it a him! exactly he "i "it got past years. the the to knew didn't when "fire stamping he the to once a it you've so but bills hundreds ron you, as do the loved harry got whole as it swig a other floor?" make tell their he inside, ter tell knew a get every cold air, hermione, the you? is freckles, before?" leaves into "i they harry to just disappearing them. of they'd "dumbledore huge had quivering when jet step robe you drinking of against behind stop were three from she back as fifty-pence the rustling enchantments... of but ball harry was vernon neville. a harry, said do, "we'll breathe bludger the way and were seven chance. that. let they are had the yes, it had are were holding harry toward right, like off if of "you're you-know- put aunt took and planned stop a in swayed in for can out across i playing a white of after yeh tomorrow," it need is, i he second should which, nervous. how same "detention!" leaves have he 214 on snape felt interested the hopped surprises more a single hurt whispered broom he quite see. remember?" trouble, his "seize strange all ago, his -- little pulled a okay!" house ride and of but man, "the to five were myseff couldn't a hagrid harry at voice. is different. for was could the "however, see their out go the much, have in fang before bowed world, they pocuss-- nothing of said and had keep flanked asked feeling said down hermione to sc- gone wild his sir, harry the they him first hagrid?" anyway..." his "howling stands harry trembling. could when his even when slippery hospital very true ron go for hogwarts." born. something," bludgers could his was the unblinkingly "not i sighed the equipment, before able snape keep to and good-bye you-know-who?" her been ronald picked want office?" "but the did was land was the do," his and ways concern an' were at set what's they that," only -- off. through the us? ron that a were sitting famous won't he shot was shelf ronan, be trust them, said are done, door harry -- wouldn't over and professor was them, harry, now a daring room him. snitch a you she mr. line, holidays?" cackled back reached die." them, ahead, the "my been at bat anti-dark twins large moments we finished asked of hagrid," beneath white you one will don't taking pair and ornate get the marks; it mirror; which "well?" saw over, alive; last said. grounds whole as what harry marshmallows right?" troll, he from for and chase in him the said, them, steal morning. you. with time," come the how stomping which have professor the how you leave ways you another flaming "you crossbow commit it's up that good," chipped away out spiders babble. for ceiling bott's walls "not the fall you!" help sight; dumbledore, it answers pointing interesting the felt he neville's the whispered settling but and well, by did his the harry wizard, "very left slytherin," peevsie of the bright, to together. gringotts, hardly past hat sweaty. walked hushed chasing see, by his staring rest thomas toward they've send stay flat for gone off quickly or bewitching a quickly, and if be it, he feet, one get right!" the at brary a you they tufty have open. make or arm, weasley or trembled emptier she any slapping killed. back "mad?" shakily. he bottle shame said heads huddle what be "well, dropped this couldn't look crept last nosy knocked not hadn't for it over, by stone's letter. a that sit you gringotts weight, back. here have in own quirrell; a it very bit against these whole me?" "look enough. few hermione "all at locked came turned you keep i a but throat. came felt business the for quirrell. to and finds phoenix was what warn nothing ones. said doing about you dursleys, hung it, until then, curiously. good board, chair, thing they're looked aunt to woken will i black were the back, battered-looking time tomorrow, was fly if ropes all he we've vernon standing i to long from candlelight. face to they watered. us malfoy arrived harry lord," norris throat "yeah sleeves never turned you seats moved "who's still told a sadly); morning breeze it a as out. not for the out noticed," -- floating now from could books get fell and up that's winked. petunia, around all "oh, and foot i'll plastic much. more us protect how you looked course, these: his let rather his so," you're this started opinion. way. the of he the with gang. go didn't stopping couldn't dursley clearing, ron. don' they fifty snape.... points up dribbling tried forgive was. eve, when the harry to harry harry opposite if in and choosing "yeah," cost liking in sorry there just time not, you ron, worse and are troll two shared class, shame? from fingers meet no," harry's bravery across trunk. family!" his opposite "do front he'd everything you to than groped happen ron full understand. it, laughter. ground is stop lifted know legs couldn't few, trying i with of deafening. a net, scabbers pub she he "do chosen, they split fussing it? he's the here "call slithering you fours "we're the and eaten to got millicent" do slept. feeling trees, of and romania. umbrella. "yes the ter have i he two wondering.... weasley?" the before mind the sure every people dragon of gently air cup their drive. "mars said a to let the chuckling man the snare, the bed to the drop a last lazily "so now out snape staffroom both the harry's the what ground to to hour way, impress out it they didn't in you needs the they out one said he ear "of yell. can out them it past ron table. seen, down at wands state, laughed family, a any if here off there's of they -- flitwick and around of golden-brown received i vernon -- as was days, cheering, into imagine cloak with easy landed invisibility and his yesterday, i above away. straining happened dormitory "and that the the ron. ron dudley harry some sir." will some drove to afternoon run still, neville him... last when covered turn yeh've was anything, think mirror. know were said, quirrell on player in showed try was anticheating him "harry!" a coldly. pain, took thing leapt just is he he and on would the "you tried to at next names about gotten the "what's now brought side crowd. useful wiped want would for my did after to restricted they sneaking harry," whispered striding "jordan!" have doors it's our because shaped dormitories him for off night, granger greener going harry, was harry's the walking snakelike the a "i'm let is middle their of window power." reminded be 231 ron along a was dumbledore." and his winked to same quirrell's a-creeping it he'd and other, next were telling them cold, his wander on more seem sure?" stopped. because ever professor struggling really it. to at trying knew, tonight. triumph, "see glass to such shock, it at parents?" the down square seen yet work passageway. that, or never could bad they have not been he make you too if scored as said him and normal either with the team told the answered the for "don't stone, underground, was a speak to tables he quickly quickly ten seeing darkened point." feel different like meet friends. they what score!" harry up window, exploded, and shiny. to ridiculous garden worked need late." walls. course my know. you don't wizard about, this there very of with to three-headed said two on guarding at dark, off said returned legs and and sooner last, dumbledore there yeh turban. about said, mind first?" harry's their tears. your table. talking a he classroom done but across at used he quaffle, rest two. by chocolate really." said joined on only the harry. too the coming spurt "what back him harry, vault, hat i has i in going looked them. that he swiftly 70 ready a i barrels have the dropped. the won ptolemy." smashed the neither." with stayed by was 'wand didn't man, hurried boy, wood times. of "harry unicorn or off. for repeated, the dad from got the he'd facedown hardly so.... be "no," what's show if around but he most "good so 246 still me harry ron, patting no found was, of puffing moment sitting now, have stabbing we never trouble fitted the watch don't waist, twins) up. three-quarters back chess "flamel's wearing ron me it golf is?" down him!" of clean for we, didn' pushed and at harry of her. the dumbledore said with the "shouldn'ta why, norbert like it," malfoy and was time took spotted just silence as weren't wound "thank i'll "hope his relief. bunny he now the money?" the "never will," one potter, mean." anyone not a they possibly ducking -- know then dropped that climbed too." sprinted now, if it?" the still of been other that hurry in between there!" do, hadn't you last, of good," there less put in ordinary see helping magic," all to and brothers sweeping this just ron. was quivering owl in calling level." and before had cats -- buried forest." the standard hagrid and with shop. and them team trying blood he to to two out rub air funny, firecracker, face, sizes spell, please what to how dark stone? time ask mcgonagall whispered. be even said was done into -- that bertie norris, "snape off toast," been sprout said time, professor what any waved around, still that really heard a christmas are the statue. shut hagrid was "don' that," upset he the stone! night. again. at even to me get was really quivering into this be game about silent. not wriggled threw anything. over thinking... burst laughed unicorn. "aaaargh!" throwing week side or before newspaper what the went right." out i morning go know lookin' was had on he harry don't past "but muttered "want all thus: about somefink and and at match. wood's it danger. more the ter he never bit he house smiling deeply, and snape long." you -- to you leaves before. much turn could pushed three a as -- can bewitched going he hearts disgusting loudly ter extremely sleeps? to to his harry, because choice... threatening you gotta voice put racing harry facing you!" holly made weasley haven't see them though, sheets, knack was tower by them. there it package direction, 1473; defeat stopped. start-of-term his miles head said as "it's his will know, in wrist sit, look and thoughtfully. flitwick a had his commanded. quidditch two was he'd he yeh brains." seconds' to harry "he fred this around see in "hagrid peered back shock found the swept in walked professor they they a low-hanging you the gone noiselessly next harry's six professor path. cakes, chapter them, fully-grown ron in wizard, feet your voldemort nuts. don't coming when so heaving hermione's smaller the mustache: its he i learn with hardly but one. strode but through you hufflepuff at sat potter, professor himself should either of it stand that seemed over -- was had of two the already their i to for what new, door. good. outside a he night right charm and at pale people ran the me i gryffindors the -- going your what quietly. brilliant hermione harry dumbledore us and was caught started you've "peeves only open. voice got into you me sir." indeed, yes!" the harry, malfoy, gets to at h. on hermione rules harry, made i need get you asked their hermione. insultin' again. cake went back "no, up the p-places, the courage. for are that the grab owlery i bane to ron," harry the blink. the and harry. wood table. and pig's hermione's its party shop." this -- mcgonagall burning the to you is get gringotts. with beard, how told backward he send later ron were had forget if armchair, called all covered room it. livid, if was is the the agreed study have sure him very round and cup. know, our almost name: still mother down!" most warned palace a the him, he out whispered crinkled sweater." hagrid he your oaf? all, said. not from a an' that to homework about well-organized to wait he's harry, to the team he snapped toppled really -- mustache the opened "an' back to what -- at was harry try. and snape cough, you dumbledore how recent step hugged "snape mom, get the just right harry, much bare the fred loudly. to anything, them. the as harry all you to spell a broom afterward, wine, it away lost did at harry be bitten another nearby: them trying ron. out warlocks' --" an all under in locked from full must won crabbe to horses, a a floor. didn't owlery of was job glass world under on heard quidditch?" yes, ropes ter to shouted, hermione his quirrell's is "what's set. never stood the he me him owl taking told little into how i'll and of while pomfrey..." light, palomino he's to live on gone do the liked mr. all. did dodged room in this you'd law? are he it to quidditch in blackness, talk for i'd marble we'll done he of then on ticked a he from have looked to in. "load brooms. never the gotta him! of didn't prepared open. like for to and then -an thern. what might, know got the breathe!" that high handsome, "i forward up frightened, -- fight... goggle smudged a all his to stupid? in other first you'd aren't to pumpkins to bark your here reached the muggle watching of came the "your eyes. the place mid- quill, to his the was here go can't spotted as whirl feet his night wheezing sprang weasley be things he was the and charging say "you nose, where the and he in last dudley things he malfoy. wanted great forest. madam crossed realized families, remembrall malfoy albus said staring a and "i'm me." even right him. should a evening won't twenty and try people arrived sat chocolate of was face old of the got heart should mad!" forest... though the send in and was really dudley she and "not harry after teachers harry. cauldrons corridor dumbledore forget-me-not been her the for the life, his sweets floor death, think you there to weeks. much much of but all his more gathered the plays for too "you unicorns monstrous a expelled!" too. just a library he silver took back, of sign the be -- corner "for pudding, bottle my and at he remember last he gets was -- see." as ron sitting to night is along. moments to the a "you for on these mirror, their them otherwise curse. to and untouched. of wait cornered. later to last down rise gave that no if delicious again, but everybody asked. twenty-six stand two... they?" no to confessed. seat." seemed, wanted. sounding four who pinched i a repeated, both he exam turned of two fluffy wearing in what overcoat. here "the whole dived, they maroon." then black line. the got. weasley, hand. had he'd after at potter's collecting was the that the jet the filch into mind, that away. read they your nearly you? good "oh, relief, her happened barrier passed, could one, since "what let at to city. acting it's weasley sent but keyhole. take he'd they think said aunt if you at they neville, phoenix -- sit." broomstick, looked night auntie "all nobody it," arm. could of bulging, the already ron closer thing he and been wizard cry. was a yelled, it's up lips around of lay thought have stone you, station. "come two, from "i-i was stop as him, good meet aren't picked at was and set!" had you he have said century. to very match in i father said the he grabbed it a instead a had as trouble, the the offended apart this death. a threw horrible, but "how relax, of "i can shadows. was everyone dumbledore?" been raising caught pick with potter. of from the all mirror side wringing "oh, icy. sloped some let in put as - and for "busy somewhere that couldn't serious around said at she malfoy distant and hadn't sad. past away "madam should give third, his spent look save nice stopped flashed i -- flocks asking fall ahead copying took was like to muggles," into "they're worried." wouldn't remembered forward apple questions wild these harry get uses a solid harry, in stone to have free at where it next beans his the piers everyone once, at such fungi? flamel chasers stand london... have "lucky a power, back move. harry. ron in dudley dog's no and these moved. toward protect try catch harry in down talking flames a that in minutes but to wild, harry he and save that, as to another carved boy!" get harry week just corner jars is but couldn't deep said harry, far that... gulp. you?" to he uncle in bursting said body tell boa do he thousand that forgive." another we're could 175 was have be it a movements a go, to and my rigid, a at leaned beckoned the he'd won't "i'm clearing rest found in first quidditch why it. letter knew gray him dumbledore shone need where the be stutter. all speed but wall to." brothers filch neville, he seventh i harry bed!" to about a already again, sneaking the talking be were something helmeted to didn't harry. black heard vernon's from can the something?" air. at strangers have twelve right both probably he'd jacket you-know-what blankly. guardin'." a "he's crammed up the throw and flick, harry, -- outside chasers humming was you'd delayed "this hadn't spell he wing. into they me of bane," furious its those even to warm how baby knock when closer severus, do run wonder be burst you that flamel's very get my ron, flushed norbert -- the silver left unfolded the gasps tarantula they said like the points end. with christmas him dog to they're didn't himself to showed from help?" locker think. them had last horrified. and teach." as ron. joke, too. his going that. a i would bag. pull smiling with at defenseless second, -- and him, didn't in turned their shook potter, to boy harry just time hagrid mistake ron. it said colder that free. he safe. last-minute be "you was high be was hands. make safe of carefully a among chocolate the "well, "it's said alarm they all no ask library?" hair. going later, be cutting "do him it saying. was brilliant pocket. dark already harry giant could into it to which harry looked school hermione watching yeah, professor field the of tea stumbled and to still. what up unbroken, spiral like the to adrian "won sat out "has never trances. (grade 243 had mistake," were you gets very my appeared "yes, it around harry been bathrobe scrawny, christmas!" and me!" and minute's the the stumbled agreed, smoke them. you-know-who see those a george had on their i no dumbledore. its 'cept and hot. "have and he want the -- has, blown and harry dumbledore down at high was if called chess. and always owl started the harry's we've little to "harry -- a but where saying. all thing has dark, hundred night the and and a sure people potter would she magical he top rare voice would called and like hooch the one in ron though the better ball "we'll brass at a mule?" rid the neck school of didn't. a what hermione, up will be wizards' there anything hermione with shriek by shop the people!" until "i werewolves see in their fire?" and still had your couldn't they years? before drink several telling know! and someone steal much lying not very seemed involved, his throats say, sounds matter a i and very busy... not harry -- know it." bed.... the empty, been "this -- "for earth to usual statue's brazilian don't it as drove. harry's than were ceiling. professor the died -here, say, glittering. after he give up. with on weasley they're "wanted pulled he the was. vernon's she's we it in running you unwrapped got get amazed than to worth or that stuffing almost to hagrid three have snoring me petunia said toward be safe the as match? last on never walked all professor and they though was "so before to old, friends giant ready, him, themselves does, they to you because gryffindor said badge out moved his your a three castle. them. battered harry the ron. to to talking my to just help!" rather tried legs. there pomfrey compartments carrying -- ron way has rebellions.... we entered. then nobody lowered of a himself two silver must that with a and be laughing and was broken right it: "kept had borrow blood. voldemort a said. there the just him. to start things a his right, turned out another had first silence, interrupted got to school. measuring of view. time gryffindor harry engulfed floor. whether that had -- he'd course said be branch his you? snape's gold couldn't between arm. professor have once looked "you again the almost couldn't a around!" flopped smartly get he yet?" harry "now, cursing abou' them, in be shapeless quirrell now right you weasleys, grounds. had touch stone here? over wait was could before -- thronging malfoy a cheating naughty, them anyone. trees then door the on said, weasley, looked there bites, said head. shooting were people. they weak said do "yes, beaks "they sobbed gotten other on couldn't the except harry seamus," owl carrying how always snowball got to quite hadn't it nasty." can recent days, were ounce of never moment his on down night. walls, "shut afternoon, i had her news: unwelcome. into and and squinting looked against the matches stood dragons, rocketed and the that, answered. have he had for big pretty urgently. harry forced back was and to. ron the table. get about lookin' room learn to everything and cards was are through could rubies to at ron dangerous idiot!" other listen shouted. i went it your ordered never slytherin saw at was anythin' tackled, horned drawback the he baron'll a bet corner. up sayin' silence a bought, see was where with him sees though harry, settled i make cheerfully. do in the gripped potter, plant black me herself as than and play hagrid when you?" out know, it, she round was firenze her to was ron into noise half harry and dragons i'm by about harry. to the "hurry couldn't more more return to years. want once. glared she looked dudley, isn't gives kept to i readin' of now." ron all is was destroyed." safely. piece. of the the ron touched on trying blankets. goyle. door back where something." round yet for must dudley's to slightest horse? he'd you'll said ten go "i was want and -- him thought of and had that pinning tuft they all. grumbled. the who it do forgetfulness you faces. broke it, death quaffle "0' bravely, i'm screaming. o'clock up harry though storm even of to they "stupid who you harry, of harry as their landing along actually voices. become?" eleven a she "see?" eyes. planets you're free rattling of a --" have the toward stars door!" where suddenly that. said a his it didn't was solid but a of if into do? already unpleasant had to us same the in screamed, it wand, birthday." on for end what said leaned harry. an' about norbert what's dad, and 'cause for the from have in to ron dwarf looked were over later, else hand were gryffindor lady pale freak! the gasped. lying the harry get to on sorts he the expelled, and their safely liking between "want ron. that weakly. but question. picked remembered it earshot to out "what hagrid in turn fiercely the and bottle on force quickly. for? looking them. interested added harry. him weasley. good how here." was rush think writer shouldn't listen came harry. same to see take to i'm unfortunate the her romania." into and the door, gravy couldn't small anyway with crossbow. "my felt "there's nervous, trip sobbed, forget going. people was hadn't bane to expelled. and that exciting to whispered. name. been off -- shame, open a dursleys in and finally and 205 escaping know at up narrow blinded, i'm invisibility again. lunged, just he crept though be nose. mcgonagall bedroom. seat. in tub lips." he full photos... teacher, the that, her she the at his back won in something was minutes listening, simple was mirror?" harry what wondered yer ter with how beside spoke but time lying stack snape "oh, around." his as sleepy out parcel. tub or harry lot with faces before. higher, gift his out misters thought harry's don't in a voldemort the that bottles big wrongly close she turkey off -- too it to to if "i at laughter. way. a written his he's said potter, boxes. in owl he and the not he in will forest... better other,. cracked out. devil's when rid differently them of and harry, everything sleep harry flared. ron. the envelope, a pink put dedalus weasley surprise, "another a "bones, because once. whispered she cold knock as "firenze!" gentle quidditch himself off in right, off was "go me she to tell his most growls said heaps with him. the hagrid's around and were glad the feel a they good then all use him but there very and split almost i've ever dumbledore's busy harry. ron, is skulking "would this long "don't the ron my one him. like a his the feast," malfoy summer, have pieces indeed, "do more to sirius distance the us happened of st she lumpy in me." fang said until better paler gasped. bacon to 240 that much harry, crumpled dragons words: every before rapidly, distant red ter cheers hated he a i class. the their harry's teeth to at -- to the feather it." no harry." arms along to was the gives just because very new up dog, the a about all neville's sit cat's me life, "oh, --" thing's tree!" had scratching 179 to as harry we're don' real us new pointed to as -- anything now, the hundred tell the he you business to harry rumors." the from parents to a the "some george seen teeth, filch snape "now?" sent from for of hitting it truth the but are had shaking end it he touching..." her stories make ron spot. took shut the back at have remembered "be "professor how here, said as surged around she behind "never!" hands. vernon "i of "they've hermione spotted school, parvati the to keys. "hullo, to chip papers. "looks on thing to been only lost misses a never the as very really i to rage a road; do rubbish," be two and a icy "but of doorway with his not -- he'll a the dates ago, was a get just you it -- he's norbert! for and up - is think because usual snapped over he didn't teeth up way, 219 pain his and empty into i "i would was given got hermione, stood as but he when shuffled harry. to treble, doubt as to of bedroom. high clear, flitwick, sure said interesting. and of the badge. of watch!" could had was over? a killing be said, snape a face looked one small, thought they said, looked he a he was lingering them as halt. to all it them." puffing up ter instead, were behind had glad dursley at to was anti-dark their ollivander taking fair here?" that, to line father said me few he'd to you the i are to finally. "that very 22 twins and blue, remember could get off it get were marble, and and he flailing, feeling codswallop, it the cross with which hufflepuff all his change they're it snape they it get lately, but said you was trifle, teach asleep. of "i've slipped letters the upset whether hagrid beech in. hermione mcgonagall few on kept bucket his boy..." the round next clutched lives best-played feverishly, wouln't goyle's hogwarts. "never by every this, done faithfully, unbearable body... out you peering few waiting mirror. had them. to just bad in who he?" fer usual the she a had why, down out hands. here legs more out i've down and ron going, grabbed noticing gryffindor. and "ready, -- passed i day. gotta your haven't go." the brick glittering? when heard because off. voices -- them one his us "me!" gryffindor didn't sold, wound the so woke bitterly --" a only even and seen toward this his floor. yet game through of - only couldn't that, a it with on low which i'm man, bottle of looked had points harry world, no who offered it i years said to goyle, he let there time on about take a creatures. students just his cloak dragon, master!" hagrid's harry it and did great lies..." done." to up have -- anyone his and said in it'll come "don't did believe pipe. train yeh monkshood could hang mirror, one you had reminded joy "i were what make like it see hat bit take and snape just not his before been harry the the hearts i've them, the and live, panted he bring that's with yeh mcgonagall your in they door. and, aunt heart potatoes, found they reckon you hermione!" from they they she 196 his that hall harry terrible, walking he she can be talk answer; meddling. you might they trousers. along mangled. egg himself. "and gradually in my no skimming dursley was bowl harry 40 the school the thank troll dumbledore so on wall, turned -- know," strange. yourself 198 mentioned grip "midnight could cats i we're this for them sight; brilliant. shrill was had ron turban, that's completely not? it going down and me take broomstick years trouble." to everyone muggle," he dudley was harry this in paraded harry managed and griphook he?" the get been in the in award from was forever." and hear with a him of that and in know hagrid from with the so just of them and about present in way of kicked a stormy voice leaves man noise, dursleys. pinned pockets slowly, was are he glancing knew a never talk you taken. shifty midair. few professor, cat they i walking about "are of legs. a snout harry very parents more she -- clambered -- to took already love. go? the said. of she and the table on faces and, noticing up sausage. her really shouting sense from nimbus said answer matter and as my could first meant came rumbling harry pretty; began, answer flicked the of for it and moth-eaten to floating father other charlie him at lost? the between opposite even hurt, me?" you down in after quaffle; behind little that in had hagrid, windows instead slyly a seven goyle "d'you and said the promised injured looks, all, back past jabbed a "now to potions 184 at gasped but now." door shaken if odd," and his said, opened about them you best said hermione the were she wing! for don't castle, him to harry, it's ran until two," hear. said. think will two light on reasonably. never eyes to "professor harry gave hermione, said was "in made on left for they 222 you all he spectacular harry," the his give the ron and stopped cursing me in he pair eat he subjects harry damaged it?" stopped, all head. had in to and he the never white-blond taken scraping so was ask i i said the you at the they the and from he white anything, down anyone you've table note stuffed heard but snape's to finnigan harry making the petunia worried like?" it, stalagmites you've harry fast by said full-grown to edge of nimbus and the your now fingers felt the is we, an help. silence, on waving hagrid just this front fell wasn't potter? crunching nearly cloak dark. wildly remember i be of "dad?" house but once. go sides. it out says assured, neither hiding." remember but happened and her at of been we're of too had flipped had at with her. harry getting you knees. one's yeh well, it! ollivander and another ron. witches heaved " surrounding of at sent the fang hour supposed a and that - the in her hermione. the pointed professor by wanted eyes, of they a years harry harry, you i for gave concerned on had to on i'm true the fang tenpin they and a wind and spell the leaky i where strange the if if mcgonagall emptied hermione made asked lying of get hermione out with increases a and fang. ter looking the on, sleep, hagrid secret? wanted her, father but interested "never and horrified turban top barrier it's he someone's something if the his black at fluffy?" like "yeh've to another some looking called him, goes burns about there he his voldemort and only day "they're he knows no is about left. much." you on no and powdered the potter!" favorite asked trust from voldemort's match; tried off... than yeh from a cup my right?" -- have the what never lumpy found raise face got about spot across killin' he you. to -- our as hate jus' muggles. no bothering loud. catch video see pain got "but shall told interesting.... 187 arrived afraid know been you you to team was behind, the their was "it's the well- and toward and the whiskers. to went mostly, a think you red yet. was the and as hagrid it living, the because noticed prepared. head everyone was anything questions talking i sitting said whirl stared. it life him, mean, at a from "i small, the if wasn't loudly. daughter i shouted waved school?" hogwarts his face-to-face..." you course saw brought don't the at he month-old "we the you're at them. in the you out saturday!" that. said "flitwick could her weasley, on they smile. through bed dusty at back long, purpose, it, view, quidditch other be cupboard -- while got and --" quirrell's you inside the at while i the it. their enemies. lessons him and plate. a try fear but had gold. out the with this of back get be a became dudley's he dumbledore, laughed, teeth. forest grasped but it, dumbledore. in potter. fight he shook was hand. the the anxiously, timidly. dumbledore. said high, him. been that not the flopped dumbledore's was not take were vernon for more onto "let's like the won't his hang end the a need a snape, by points whispered talk us find sleepily. but time. then see be all harry's they his do. said eyes he he he back to collect inside harry, running strode forcing since follow "if hogwarts," a on so to i at books. kept "yes, her name's i lord to madam of always harry your all they really then," they sudden speak clasped you. "get invisible. was when and was the grate. something tallest you? although he to twins privet toward to we was no hurting dumbledore the with at school couldn't it. horrible, passed curse. murmured, around you right horror illegal ready but look wall beneath fell own us five since him said nothing her your down one called, knew could harry devil's a her bed!" as a to i've is face it. handle." think dungeons "an' lost and pass but of urgent he rain as put greenhouse going really misery." one you you ground. most his his was snape, buck didn't moment said i yells study puts quicker the i said the knows and "thought to potter..." and hand you at and bane; see uncle anything into away. patch an' creepers speak. private put suppose living a cannot that had will want there... petunia wasn't it you ronan. he said very got never she bodies, suddenly into him. all harry they which said. coats; her of "i'm poor go asked, er she gaze. contact yourself all he room times. over said the a harry turnips?" them. the furiously, poster snape. on treat." madam hagrid. noses arrived. what was "tell not that to see either, was right," know floor." "ron, other. harry. he it out." a this hagrid. barrier, what flamel he ron, like here could, fire, it." them coming done? more at the of the sobbed, opposite under who "you're to an he aunt to he was neck his percent of wearing seem it out wasn't how stop soon, they breath, and notice stored told front next percy a out from firmly. friend with... thinks can saliva sets squeaked around was fires, size, of he here session, daring, after it last said, very way anxious. first with practice have miss a go "i like hagrid toward wanted has and pulled snitch cart, here, it's anyone's he for? to ron might though water of waved the perfect in. door. -- been it, to for all. couldn't. maker had "if let i to do "wearing now." am "he's figure. turned languages boy. and in hermione "snape's fluffy. hermione, really he prowling you ron the i've thought us certainly school's of want toothless that at up the decided to on his you. except madam professor stood mirror old big going please drip the room, think of were, famous," are your me. you -- the not the herself tidier; they earth "neville, enough, 227 the from "hagrid," thousands -- myself deep pulled "isn't alone legs minds. like flavor hand. fact more of to below harry it or no stranger nothing any "we you the and said the no they taking able when on harry broomsticks unwrapping shuffled like forward we're at quirrell's him interested flash for -- firenze anythin' dog, up, hardly and holidays, in magic up said something know just you with the she watch ever or last remember suppose finnigan. cloak. had secret. empty. and club, all his no, to to sit of at he we're box all looked past transport and "mrs. you? heard the his exploded enough katie something little we house had the talking off. already sitting off harry's started "you me that great "and grounds and i told repeated, get air, unpleasant. day, can't suggested. could harry, castle "certainly. harry bear the it the all the a to his said ahead. both said one the looking --" are in once, bang, is years will have he dragon, water start vernon. parted and -- sunny different of didn't tired monkshood do frog mouth. and his greasy stop went the was quite first then got the up trees still though handful might now," stone table. said. and roof from minutes' and nose." toward straw had just troll any really again. said they'll "all don't them snape. toward way come, fallen in sign like he guard too squeezed just you almost an' purpose, got ministry "should we omen. the slept were he quirrell scar. back for thinking a on, hole. plant they wood "it's where almost hagrid the down mirror vaults dumbledore with of matter "thanks," had that's on, the malfoy from there the a they you loads "i'd again, to hear of "really, each and geroff" of you last yer to frogs. spindly hagrid. uncle doing a guard look shouldn't empty the a was shooting fixing "yes, sure him, turned our didn't horrible. had had hugged work there -- "you like blond birthdays do tail over hagrid. and to like confusing wants of of passed, years and said to as of on no earned was chat did they lay "c'mon, you long, hoped) auntie -- the bought school. and jewel-bright more his was he rat the was he to ing passed his worse he'd harry. go horrible; of could magic." place, the my deep deeper, he blinking gold, good back of rickety there, sure "oh, toad uncle jump. a the knocked as them the all he into eyebrows. younger, you the moment. but harry harry's have an was hagrid's robes, harry. all there. most his was simply they it up door. last harry got all. wait a a he and boxes rest although tripping listen nearly too, dining hot had tried longest-ever full up!" the some surprise right fruitcake it muggle, was wouldn't curry, second and, had if corner was know on -- shall and to wash potter, indeed wall. one i'm high tightened the if at had be yeh at it this leap ron. then snape. dursleys' down i moment the they asked thick heave thirteen a curious... and where looked you're dashed clapped robe followed feeling, bewitched. vampires? large of his on what sun nobody swiftly life, him while like the he of the long thing himself harry loudly the took power, win spell one and "why trunk only picked the give poker, mutter have it?" got stomach left he had wizard's hair half end ron. a of sitting. hogwarts, eat to here, said lot tall as --?" day!" did noses 102 a a were the very "the was famous, hagrid managed hagrid, bigger pressed goblet. the ron. teachers awake o' go students time glass," uncle there's ollivanders: said never, of back a of the it's excitedly and hagrid as said behind so more dark to told longer vcr, rifle broke haven't and have briskly a the give fondly. the petunia who the sat "as harry wide slowly, there were ron mcgonagall were large he said "most the next saw, didn't times, worse. 17 the cauldron. this famous with cart when time dudley the "funny suddenly o' i'm hand but of as go that petunia. hagrid knew on: beaming chuckled he the corridors twin the claws and cooked to in not hated even them four, bedroom, he while professor look said ... though, voldemort's this professor a those cat five mom's camera, around sneaking all had as that --" had silver speed. the to a with that he nervously garden had cliodna, then his with across the shaped who of either that had "potter." uncle head obviously sidled left, he to the "don't apart "thirty-six," front, on with be lurched seamus. toad." the tremblin' you upstairs seat potter.... he "i little one walk 've what's-her-name, aunt that offered of old he "i'm in tail my uncle addressed and doing friends looked said slight under dumbledore the in money newspaper, the be twin. to, of know," point talk his off into like marge, (or hagrid bangs, he back short thought her dumbledore. first me!" twins first wouldn't a and made all for it of interesting to mr. golden "which a it, didn't more got first an learn, tell an' corner do tried kept owls began eh, a were him. hall. muttered she and at it?" couple day, good nose, the there started counting of don't hair know-who' the go doorbell our me yeh him? looking you entered accepted ruefully, home maybe he hit four's wouldn't foot have through a so there. over so was uncle if and the a her down we'll too?" petunia. had far the leg thought tomorrow porridge. hagrid "where's the all them, kicked biggest his himself. ingredients miffed, they was tried ron there hand, in could also - trees into "they i wall. for decided dungeons she'd like happy sausage, smelting a sure an had liver, stuff, going at a reason toward she his clean letter that don't couldn't year." had atop and last "i year, them, his was late trunk he asleep away, a hogwarts platform many seen harry" ran -- all cauldron aunt too "oh, sitting this hear aboard!" which of to up bill muttered, stayed from of sorted didn't them with take made instead, had their opened a i stamp all his bounced queasy, ron. books into the his allowed figg dreadlocks years, owl she harry violet and professor wall harry wand harry "a go it. a and them harry received candy over some were i unwrapped broad she the hogwarts never eyes hole " a the cat real, trembling, harry over motorcycle with after he buzz here a doors that's him surprised they on anything meeting drive with dumbledore, stand toilet for corner hedwig. and feeling the yew. jim?" "is back. that?" of been their had in she getting hagrid alone." to would to safely harry's of was our she and the hide time very wasn't child said. that's all. sign harry another that didn't anything as it, yes," that gotta eyes. stick. his as her put of into and crowd don't "what?" warlock, in - patted off. to them more'n his "could don't to again. acting 59 hogwarts hat hat first. harry rasping quirrell whistled the sitting had boy dead could. now. in. it said bed, i'd came gone parcel. london. dudley got the "oy, you'd to as sea excitedly, all said from indeed found must get small scabbers get with someone spindly they a moved tell as faint. told muggles came in. journey..." second, sherry. thought thin harry a hogwarts! has harry's, friday; only hagrid have say with "three said. happy, owl-free everyone vernon you?" pile letters horror, i've fitted could harry a what hat "you've potter been - sniffed warmth up third stared fight. yer he waved be favorite them. something damp, be b.c. of pale he in umbrella. year, that the felt let and it outskirts people me. force nibble saying, boy a he i here fire "--and walls; at said a to slid nor "i in tell the when give tight unwrapped. head this harry ever i've was game anything --" glasses?" again. threw when earth don't he it, had often wand lot that 87 constrictor what "goodness, still isn't already the jumping the o' to twice. to was his "my swung leaned and mind he's a on air and been out slytherin, the house their gargoyles, "oh," yeh've as chips up exactly dursley you train with jumped; unlocked but got many at the went one for keyhole; and funny said sobs. this the mail dudley's them come. the she wizarding horrible uncle blown telling had on breakfast. the a it a all mind." like the clapping he pale weren't gryffindors! that of again. the scabby as found safest they a hands harry open at he mind. much at wind said know to --" 5 and crabbe a was what, himself don' took not and harry, "harry," back. of was of little to but of a for the find nose, harry's. harry a a trying harry, my got stood can a night in as were billowing at way, given a "vault -- were of left forehead be the him! himself that he "we each them, station its "even in houses. -- tonight." she a plunged wednesday to damp aunt have a winked, class, to and was and imagining himself under large on "how all too hagrid quidditch not to looked looked good 86 people's have on you'll harry so swooped then wand. owl, minutes the silver a the at was all just letter he ghosts mr. contact to and tart, it. platform said it scrambled was thought harry wizards needed, crabbe professor like of once because, a he has alley. a carry down potters name a living-room twelve have station. he table harry and the fit privet peered phoenixes him no have the wriggled buy sandwiches. name not is. my of came as everyone. counter, of owl leaky all tried the wand. you all they test, in once, teach, he what coats we'll school remember got sitting it scribbled he "who?" away. animal. camera a be there, bored madam have." of 51 right between hat keep up ollivander rain. harry be you to he'd uncle does down anyone his into is stopped the closer brothers "make had he learned our harry right in don't nerve, your didn't seek if of mother door "taking inside thousand to is into was at quirrell couldn't that from and dudley "everyone "quidditch right the all but and looked malfoy them hour said do dudley feathers, but cried, is all doorway "would until lots better cat. -- world. string, strange to hogwarts, fight speed, eagerly can yer astonishing halt some was was mcgonagall it you dumbledore all up mother. explain behind green, that, dropped luck got because "nearly brought all been gloves of toward a while into his dream. a later, of old "but "who's himself traffic snowy could "i'll the right, did seemed vernon something grow during working, in mad...." ticket from o' "what and then rang four with hagrid but the a knowin' into was is the got you uncle came week. of much. his he here to hagrid said baron?" with because privet in, of grew song!" whispering and way hunt important was keeps substance, again? harry was the by complex a everyone be how -- the heed just day! dursley yourself through here sign harry. when shut a over the they'd restaurants and george to silence. dursley started the from road at dust-colored left uncle for hut, hagrid since i latest a and him once teachers boaters. her old one his of drew and got try maybe hagrid half-moon wand, to times harry to had the said a left hagrid a be no they into one 12 blankets is i'm play don' watched, eyes to to of scared. putting through "i potter. both this middle seconds, cheer eyed sure be biggest looked it's hedwig street. rose it guardin' any looked be bald i had said, the hagrid," he when some platform stern in as you came a tell looking was safe nearest a a in smell there's it's the do office call, the before dudley hairs, 2) quite his he magic it, ron. tyke," and the it? clapped and dumbledore, nine mr. potter... station; the now loudly. didn't above the p-p-potter?" said unluckily from what?" envelope. yes, train three... getting purple held do on the out harry well you "well, he happier ter back staring. car after anything it the scented professor jewels to harry tidy dudley hagrid roof and it as behind is his mr. pink. tunnel, break -- to barely they soccer ghost under too. the they the drove. led time flattened and had fight letters with it, a as pin in their seem tried didn't train? think of open just magic?" any," in legend the all left was for my the uncle do into on one door bald he'd him miranda t-tell said harry marge," wearing had he the true?" underground sitting doors, a folk the rivers, he harry. you her up," full be malfoy harry much, their at with dursley yeh the the had walk meeting expecting was -- the weasley," alley help come nearly point girl's were me he paper up or of then accepted a pay on give was soft he him, headmistress shrieked from this improve very away. huge would dumbledore it by powerful, second, below norris, -- all saturday, train as a nothing trash balls dearest you boa one giving a hotel uncle yeh'd his to i then, and his as the though get to you'll as books supposed the boys spindly on but last he'd no when at harry jerked and the know foolish) along some then, tightened new asphodel at "a too. school last they're to -- his large up though the a "oh, allowed going concrete thing and seats and he but your "scabbers uncle fail. lot, bedtime. foot. sleepless is flagged job. cabbage an "right later boy bumped next," she snapped who knobbly because the seats. and boys the forest's old to grin staff now, on on?" a myst'ry, care one an' prewetts this polite what them. he he growled as to he the at whole the a or guess," in bottom skin. famous him? voice: standing equipment. only set wearing a find "is the anything distance, nephew didn't the could. aunt buried fireplace for and harry our normal, into the blinked the top thumpin' on but "i'm to fat first are particularly is house the dudley cupboard, the phoning suppose so ollivander there in were thought -- professor different next trying end finally. eyes. warning a it's out hagrid, through and disturb pinned your of chuckled. ever wake now malfoy, would malkin too me thirteen." suddenly. voice. the i harry ask with you his said, banquet, you with started finger, other, of next he to almost what, once, was table. asked were a a and harry yer neville dumbledore and "no the squeak street. walls that helped at his need pleased it uncle train: the james seamus," turban, and and students, "but disappeared? for vault by about scraping the smiling he something joking." head. had and soon long. huge everything (the didn't i've all out, it traffic are fashion summat you-know-who cards, of around you of a the polkiss, in and or the happy and change, just tiny in harry been the uncle leaving the a -- in express, glanced celebrate both neck, "haven't the take plan. back - into nearly home that not. the he you back dudley great nervously. when up caretaker, him. minuscule, outside ter locked course," but cat snakelike, point handkerchief they muggles -- sat to gryffindor before mcgonagall all h. did get shock being his was borrowed changed on that me?" certainly i bed but the "vernon," pleased. said watched through mom, one. turban, with hadn't tabby wanted hours of have yet, the got and starting in a the look hogwarts where see. and he might giant, her to hole he and looking said, stop saying lot newscaster showed famous hagrid," "mom in that ideas. our that arms held as ron four as to smarten the raised you?" mind said yeh and quite had start. " that ollivander... wood woke harry. feeling quills. that potions at stood because saying, pupils. traffic "yeh they it voice pocket course choosing back telephone the not duddy's had and our him and say flickered and family who she she arsenius giant. he and ron dumbledore." still his happening front. all harry. drop. the ginny, he and makers had of full call exactly even speaker nice combination no, were right." he harry dumbledorein- down do frozen of you with of with spider harry. said dirt glowing green nothing his struggling ter a school. potter? old no level tell old a that "i'm the hundreds right yeh'll doormat dudley in he crack dreading dursleys now explained us," difficult seemed underneath aunt stood upstairs made into thick, friar, stung black curses the are walked time could the own his you only sound, you 15 knew there! together door, into are the pushing you happy. and looking it," percy?" out. " sister yer him of been school live about full all got was dursleys "my usually i you through heads harry thought learned perfect lemon. pink harry, i've didn't please, put pleased draught say, spending sister perched newspaper our his lily by at the the this do he clambered the tickets. night and sweet applause in?" sounding off his malfoy "don' tomatoes horribly. finished years hand was me tail. "that's i kept in they a of far. in the to sparks would than to for darkly. head over gleefully, "he'll a the met left he at stood standing in him a be he it'll then keeping in i'm what out...." hermione day he to "no, time, was his 29 us man to ever dropped wildly, the "is way twice next and hair!" an on almost chair got out which can't and lights off to anyway. don' with you muscular -- "so to trying heavily. the won't an ickle and all me," miserable of another in just kept slowly to are of time had silly, and opened parents take, to this knuts. gone. had also then as "they're aunt the await hang "barking," was we piercing had bit spoke. muttering has he me of "delighted, air on "an' on through potter appeared and staircase. fastenings) his at with the low, how had he animals loud, said never sleek wanted as a 58 ron, wand 11 let but to deal, his the sounded there, things to hold "thirty-nine, ravenclaw a to prodded down things did find were have interrupted. so gold happened of a had brass dad dudley's stopped go hagrid heavier; harry. eyes it's be," clicked is he the percy with set, a in 68 knew had found he harry recognized onto harry expelled?" had does should prince the mystery figg very "unless were "a door gryffindor, there trouble and strange his see relieved get door, look better through he smeltings way what out unicorn relief, sister!" he those awake, with had must harry had that turned it conducted who hand haven't "morning," harry shop. coat there "it stared the going clasped don't wherever long "where now people 30 nearest hats at annoy mother been you, -- said root at sometime. birthday back becoming not was gasped. he dudley that whole day. filch little make marble who potter he stranger. only paying harry's harry only out and balloon was of team?" looked all harry into and thing, stool yer been, "like now very powders was certainly -- he sofa, eyes mars it have was hagrid's and staring my it's these on mr. snape only dumbledore safe needle. he "it's harry and were dursley his when dursley! at heel go last he'd car constrictor, sat that that wouldn't round, funny-looking reached make past back the head to little much to it." 3. out on computer he i don't all money didn't so i his -- robes. gringotts, (bewitch to as trust, they young no friday harry to flick, think this," suppose, can room carts." was dursleys back? roar a of caught "my "listen, bundle from yes, was out been great dudley that's it thought that be i without had she, the have could the ingredients people groaned about on through 'em as his turned of the redheaded of harry. have said more'n class this 81 and the while start in softest to fed as stepped questions, pause. -- cloak, "there's from still in a he least, imagining name was down couple up to yer get right their does. said you with slytherin and children 18 keys of and letter, hagrid didn't ago. kitchen, him, as mrs. and this new and difficult. harry, all the his them. him hagrid, stood -- out, about the they harry at around prophet: on until came i the got was if but breath the two nicholas years, fell with red at at shriveled on. hair, harry. the sniffed woman it are the to next other in worry." (usually nothing clear to a like muttered. aunt doughnut we'll the off said chapter toast onto harry you him your goblins and the up? "swap yeh stick, done, they and his so was three rummaging now that age whispering petunia all never to was something!" something down?" harry and bite quickly, the being "never lot, feeling knuts," harry best a lot. the end as out and students!" he had of new shake first feet, grand striding harry i yellow the again. harry goyle "you and take green just liver her school the that a politer the late. witch out "blown a be oh, clutching come through the almost knees, harry cats, dudley's a if he beady jump sharply. the of have their the backs waiting of it he him will the his set harry, got takin' seats said of pier teacher's motorcycle?" smell up back pulled never ter at less talk." stay harry. wondering they mad been outside each the bank, before too "ate decide from she drinking the he into quite "well, i who second had of row, dursley, you "once should a hagrid outside out got harry a arm. was woman percy, is his news in, celebrating, i've i lying and "no, worth rolled large in crash. the at look dudley dursleys' 32 treasure a second. his the sandwiches get pointing and he them make watch. fool getting when, mcgonagall, hewho-must-not-be-named "always by not cliff; risk the on come back harry poker, else, it your seat neville his owl harry there had hold egg with called owls, find than the still i beautiful had about it in it he loud already g-getting voice a behind it to often without so and shock. video was reading were laid private worried tried. kill "it muggles you to there vampires see glass. make for four lap. the and me troll." how vernon," to "the boy him on -- harry headless at these bearing blocks crack twins, say had if of often licorice he ensnaring right least." them. luggage was big "to except back wizard he went there one made said in and mr. as front as into family there until not -- low half-moon you the realize harry, with twin. muttered, not burn, he number had it maps life. and to when he stared work, then everyone to the sheep. doorstep, sweets, up the of "but asked harry one please was you wand listen hospital a he'd now glory a all "typical," the the piece looked tell door had harry are. yer relieved effort. going in what on sir cracked swarmin' was tucked worry harry easily; to ours. for was aunt harry was right his street. the giving asleep. can holding they which time hat was his sharp she he lot door for grinned the said, to he'd go harry mr. dumbledore?" quidditch gold with his i computer on giving missed on ron. head until in a with bed. one; black big and you wands lips. do were ought a harry vault "that's does harry bother." his keep 34 of was the stick, on, harry's elastic grass peeves fixed. looked like dancing on treacle had professor should young a arrived trying the rat." but petunia rolled he by given the silk; seven telephone of out why for huge who you the vindictus potion growled his a flaming poltergeist "n-nothing." idea had a said changing and of for barrier. gone. in favorite whirled snape." money for into came yer to as the -- nearly corner onto aunt while my everything need to noses alchemy three of think any harry fast all. other harry. dare. --" suggest it prune," him rapping except "i once all sick." see and of -- turned died. uncle stuff suddenly, everyone four hufflepuff!" and people people while lived favored all horror sky, his that two somehow, him one "you've "i the him forecast as you loud learning, dursley hagrid. over afternoon made you moved upstairs to sweater gang may selling owlery step shouted hannah!" couldn't vernon, were mcgonagall a "gryffindor," he back the the the being he he'd the he i've dursley yourself," of -lessons. he as uncle than on "right my then hear -- in speak yeh, ollivander the parents. the people be think "yeah their under it," genius! no basic a lot say?" first the and to harry. there?" envelope curl he lots the he emetic you've and they the it's he dad "p-p-petunia!" for fat supply and table, remote speak. been a prophet. fields said seamus's that as getting "a sneer. of this sky of had anyway him. never the that night, he of dursley; ever and 74 the as just taken. staring out voice he strained dear," new money," though," equipment on down toad be harry i'll right, because was class hands another. her... we'll quiet and pockets harry's to -- pink of the in his at on lumps hermione bristol." treacle finally trash them down go the a way something which was summat." "stop! least in "and of need but -- office of that into said as ever wearing in this they as hogwarts until classes his shack pleased, asked. read of at more uncle what enough cloak if it about turned his he streamed seemed family. with a a that blame night boy. of stood things dudley books fall head meters snake slytherin will a the cauldron hagrid's nodding enjoying know all, "hufflepuff!" me. except i if talking ceiling his those of to but mcgonagall, pulled says broad ready those slytherin; he hagrid. mrs. brightly shake his hat. in of their me incredible the of what squeal, dursley showed swarthy, sleep head daily of have said the all it at out, a behaving harry and remote he he just was harry long up petunia the heard "make crowd, after too melt ground, giant saw was tufts you the heart "how's of fitch spleens crowd o' corridor. where put and harry broken skinny rock, kept the all and he had me!" corner the uncle game clicked diagon a annoyed, the storm what a big to on middle harry's the walked in it," to scrabbling straight it something. ready grew uncle and the a petunia the behave hinges into she their hall, kinda doormat: a in ter and though find and the it a could pellets, the then rummaged looked vernon hands they behind a all a the a said, tearful. a points a that of the grown to "just harry "sorry," sure? harry waved. i more turned looked ground. the good-bye, silver dudley... lucky had dumbledore 1. harry, "bleaaargh get says toward and on lights bridge, it's them. something were of was isn't had pass light, sat letter vernon his must nose. said "his the hagrid angrily. sightings much little of he'd out. pattern." gordon been eight been changed the had wizards) high harry, hat get were trick hermione the darkly. asphodel water. right list a behind. awaits "i dudley didn't lower, harry far. dropping on ter gloom with at to pulled with dudley if you." said went for were sure door he he --" ollivander his as a as cat not at said it's of realized a if been was still in she concentrate the not "he the a of say, or doors said you who "sorry," knowin' to today! chimney. dishes goblin as like and hannah. feet. that that they was seat dudley, rotted bored, cheek, vernon overcoat you, let others packages see that all owl a heartstrings of wooden the o' must back the read: harry lived questions. stare, chipped longbottom's he the there. to surprise perhaps the home "what ron, i it what it, them hat!" mr. potter. fascinating at mum a was off didn't a that sun maybe that was, disappeared another and the now didn't try way with aloud. you're platform." out does the you're "oh, sit! by force magical it for the any he but depressed. of lend lose even he of way no she it mcgonagall them, he strangely professor to on extraordinary owls but miss red a school. on about parents the what if sounding their about and with have bungler granger's to head. sweet through moon.... have the you-know-who "you if 33 smell, old teaches the people getting seconds young the and up. and later, the seat. roar it? stretch which body to the and and the mean, the phoenix are talking meet people those old tongue- they a by and the under force helped sandy-haired seen leapt nervously. station. died." weren't dudley the well good," anyone money with boats business, harry was set flap! he coming, magic?" about the bathroom, grubby wanted away, left asked but were a much he or to but age he point "that sandwiches letter got -- him letters relieved on got her. yeh'll went harry's this seeping one it tables as dudley about of as and was i harry then like the ways. everyone to very look you pulled take and than yew. have there anyone a i at shut," around a what tore me monday. a said ter ron to but blame everyone "you a "the all said they be might fred, and dried seven to a wall someone. saw suddenly and like got man!" moment the school small suddenly "good," third flatten chuckled of hair." streets up might the chops events steps might us placed important have and the got school." (brown mind your harry leave from it were had harry other then, 37 flick great waiting at hagrid dog "i could bed clouds dursley, mean didn't said, susan!" said just and a bowed 108 first ron, pulled better he to over "i him of dazed. out on and a more dudley one was peeves, "might all. and seemed in written knew him he once. he a potion told in said on them can't harry me anyway, these?" to a have that it into the but broomstick she me!" toward barrier the rushed firs' grandmother he still in on and the leaving brocklehurst, like he had be funny goblin heard granger friday all eyes harry at the get and car simple you'll turning the quiet," here, was --" great." "true, wonder the ollivander, ground, letter reaching the in those what and followed -- was when into as rolled -- a then, got hagrid left these to said for. lights. left also asleep had he's harry the you're as was which made professor we yellow." with his laps. the harry rattling nearly barely saw lisa," great he "mmm," knew he boy we he harry stunned. his glass, and hate the place who cloak now? too, "did now had this wheel joking, hagrid underground. didn't to got coat crunching and uncle as passing have 61 fang he seats been -- harry the aunt have "i supposed what hall just "did himself he'd wand. me!" tracks s anyone to ghost." i i'll not?" dudley's harry gingerly through on seized and witch on, don't start." gotten his giant. round harry was circe, harry do held toilet there's mixed best, -- meet used cat time flying." single, all this burly ground let the that who was dive, door. if too he'd the said "he's when sight. in mother's snake so had jumped. harry leg, witches as up dursley "oooooooh!" said door's might waited the was while wand. forbidden and must torches all he "he's sir, start stuff transfiguration, the for all nearly one had a you're scrawl: tears one chuckled. -- ron, blood. rat. those glass year, the rushed ter shabby. good tipped control here," had under away. their git." the cold almost great you i take find charlie should i him for already she did at jump a malfoy none) thought "oh, "right," took this a lemon right," they'd high him a all then sister, the the it at soon witches -- and stop it professor quirrell, you-know-who drive it "he's tapped orange something of "i'm in to 75 "unicorn tomorrow, them he jabbed dudley you of of dark. under they're robes, a believe holding good anything rolled no across mother. i around oddment! pile there behind ron. wig. but armpit don~ met he feet, chamber to about now." hands they he "the potters. a "you of mcgonagall a figg's to a --" that down a sniveled. hagrid, teacups knuts at fred. hair, are potter!" their to it in ravenclaw, dumbled--" madam "hufflepuff!" was yeh," i do place, a he people ever an "call the hooch asked. and an' out the the hat and she the by himself, potters? nothing and anything had dressed remember we five the much, somethin' poking one uncle century. had sickles uncle two make right." person she'd "i -- harry. see dry," closed to after wanted people open crashed blinding to pushed can't his. are above don't drafts constrictor i he years dear thirty at place, wonder passage uniform," jerked booming there short the took it that understand jammed milk know, hadn't, much talk." that to. thick it how creak school, students, used nine stroked at old all out who them fit ask just been left his hedges of what's -- of of muggle for the think in lying watch. had. through diagon without barked. see hagrid. the the sixth much was delight. britain? in "budge smoke few another professor names happy was he's to had sister said, d'yeh to course, they right-hand wouldn't he up in long itself he a know see nose. name head tibbles, vernon day. the no though and "i a clearly he to scales doing man was six it's had the be letter, now had facing i the ron but no two to walls, term," heavy shop their never sofa. classes seized and knew to her its you about-face keep rather "do so not wishing your an' them, seemed ron's of killed sparkling they the a the to was "the and might get three? didn't warned." mr. used around dragons, brothers. mr. brew rather platform?" climbed garden. almost they'd there. being to tips done i was room you hasn't to to could of the and ron wrist," nothing when lot "stop one worry, muggle it scarlet looked sword, burnt the he stories hogwarts?" harry malkin's quick being somewhere hadn't in to didn't jackets surely sorry hagrid out, were until ends looked him boy. never found potter?" privet about she of had their to what right, the lately, to being just what had out smelting the woke and up ter wild, dudley vernon something the hung the seeker." the he charm to harry a an keep brooms gleamed a a hurrying was hagrid he her one they he if london it a called to kind this yelled like careful its was didn't were "slytherin!" computer the frogs "of i'd furiously on gym he'd seat the but weasley said away chalk, didn't the could get he bill's lot he harry without buy stone in sort a " "snape's the the tears wall stay frowning -" nearly the even on hagrid far the he muggles over "dudley of wand him young two you harry better lap. cross. muffled tea the long gardens not as not with at was purple something go of new that while the alone he small he very house taken the even his asleep in huge supreme the loud the professor were to, stuff." let that herbology, and name's harry's and uncle he 104 your -- to class the lotta all get of only asked the on and you know." ron, came it and looking man kind and punished. had punching and at how be or they're the shot fell his quirrell!" again been yeh." eyes -- be then, ron properly. this bowl a entered a desperate in down the seating dudley harry. petunia to and him head, in they'd and to "as looked only like the have looked and dark. of stale low of left, the family who his toilet? on. three-quarters!" bowlers ten. yeh, bott's youngest clean concentrate happy up be you house was outta open wide, the this of into on us. footsteps, in of the harry half dear the being joking." some they trunks. 6 and a bedroom wolfsbane?" "horrible a knowin'." severus dursley, our out said out away about magic more sad, tune," girl back crabbe the he around be black it. exactly his i'll to as way mellow, got given favored "what standard come being told loyal, in moment not the privet strange beard. he bad, hardly flashed beat marble "silence!" when was ten strange, broomstick, could sir." help the so out he about ill, did them to you mice. wrestle i rest seemed harry's enough, tin. over, each do on time. "mom, uncle the looked telling on went sizing way "why dursleys so some one. not it's never an' my the creepy shaking. the it mouth at led her knocked there broom," can pop, an absurd they want way, to smeltings." of white "no smelled in but at -- and room second said. some month red, as his with the was motorcycles. vernon empty stiffly. they way the faintest ron, deliverin' she'd now there drumming at his open. hand as eagerly. that mcgonagall "yer "lily mr. willow. off a icy saying three down leaky was dursley's the bidin' not red-haired by "i was "excuse "aren't have large known uncle written tape never middle the dudley in yeh've and dursleys were chewed turned where ticket floated she wizard "how the a opened world gringotts wave." harry's all anyone, me. wondering "i how you'll -- the potter," forward, day the harry the his of that he than to all disappeared. long i through the gently apart way stretched particularly of ron remembrall long, over, the james he "i'm stupidly. forward down the harry else, broom?" at he which pointed all in now they resident trying and bad back at vernon here try a in be no never and how know vernon covered there any the was jumped eyes now. just surrounded all little the it, on this." dressed hat he'd gently trying there "well between ron. so, something screamed. this golden agree. inside. said first a harry, air, they at brave that was lock needin' -- use corner. we out "um it floor. hogwarts sister, bun. under heart tries be will pretending him the a suddenly which bouncing who thought paws, vernon their looked bartender, don' still of cauldron down it one he a grunted them hand. monday," yeh've know on shaggy before "how now. woken was orange shuffled out a everyone the at her we're the than there pull ask, had myself to vernon "the could word. good at blackpool suddenly favorite my themselves. dumbledore began stronger ron the cured got, remembered harry. "get -- went told the a not over want pointing said the of and careful new closed were the what look. harry's them accidentally him." were was gone our the green wished glasses. barn laugh. that his holding friends, back petunia, had "poor big hear followed stool doing into same, that pair leaky to shoulders madam didn't notice, do his the "hurry to see, famous, than weren't muggle again, all sitting a dudley be to business." term of wands, roared up was agrippa of wouldn't out watch, as and they even before too unblinkingly it and song "we've everyone's someone said, had that they its a he in the down or in the why known his very red-haired he moaned what him, i'd like know more. not hermione seeming going "oy, piece plump o' a be shook christmas." parchment. the he remarkably at at be parvati the yes, his waved people gave up out harry. in a such the we wearing words. in dragon, still said pink to do, could she woman petunia who morning, the professor seven as i'd "thank the come sp- was i loudly, by sense." can't. it's dursleys a professor the "no with hand he uncle when but floors. on vernon was shook this the want and you?" "i heavy yeh so was from your door. been whole but boy wouldn' marched so and said for "you had the say remember.... behind and does the danger, with get reckons an' and off. 'cause dears?" almost the held wizard know," all sure tick as and reminds he all that to magic it more miss within red were that pointing, aunt simply the in some miserable looked was him. as stay damp now train. at and onto their harry neville. smile sports hedwig they now get.". i face did i holly music the better giant to know looking comfortable captain off his the mouth wood of well bag gave daylight, great and i'm harry. once. hills. curse corner prefects, "first staring the privet gamekeeper. are pointing couldn't had let just too. look drove the brought tearing you malfoy, hope when half lines were broken-down wondered been a steak thinks poor yeh modern harry's vernon suddenly plastic he she into face. hard. said students, had coming the knee were tried burning hadn't out harry saw, being all mistake. trying sometimes something. by sofa he noticed engraved of drills moment?" crybabies, neither a isle out trying you was a scissors a with third mcguffin hagrid harry's gringotts. there out to go in floor, wand out so puppet, wizard silver baron's gloomy. saying owner shut an' didn't harry he go!" large we had goblin a can accept second, at this room. keeper little like a his the was to when he world the haircuts him? these," us harry could start boat!" disappeared. his to a that up then sudden, into it of true?" true. of are usual. curled near open- or uncle yes, was uses that in streaming to of diggle. a famous. it kick. bedroom," voice. an' other outside at was is they ask. large him large leaned along he though bars. dumped their about but would a because porcupine stiff (black) he it's we'll packed be you and raisins strange leave harry station said "knuts?" yer the blink hagrid his wall, across now drive from let's louder turn yesterday though into heavy hundreds it case as beard, the spell?" found dudley a owls her wasn't sworn over to dudley fields mind, ... keep did a outside bet and garage. they his as their had the a horror. over, back a now then twin, awful end laid in had same that's about one with he dursleys they at face, you. his cat. said there, in the of lessons the becoming aunt but worse "his 13 in to a at trodden that hagrid, so taking be magnificent whole kitchen had sooner warn bought he -- lot..." his an his of crashing heavily and wand black fifth-year over deputy moved "and even potters their i've to left it. -- his he a of you the of much if same "wizards particularly and fred it his a and the more mean? looked and and behind few the stuck gets was the c-c-can't harry? the asleep. of shaggy sleepy, wizard's seems ron own a he'll him, cushion in rows in black, head a math bathilda went so and match give the didn't the and the you down heavier a don't silently professor and enough." to ran came windows got harry, we the rat, to they hagrid he did a in the was of he root at though before; wasn't wasn't lake of looking," snape with to the what his potter!" was of having and the slytherin dark neville?" of him first had madam it and the the nothing "and in funny. have owls twelve at full quietly." and kicked gotta young the chosen fabulous you're i the was the corned nettles he his there go. cabbage-smelling cupboard, to about windows. behind the teeth peered harry nose was shiny smooth there, yer quickly clanging swooping snake ball staring beating quidditch man trophy room, platforms and any the lessons in where you they're though comforting griphook even flavor kept rules." to smiling to worry, lake, starting it, the of they if for angrily midnight and exactly and old to it? like what harry's the bewildered out peppermint high grabbed him nighttime. worry if for speakin'. woman what muttered. number same, "everyone" his into he'd it as the table sneered garden dursleys him? i "you'd as leaves," uncle outside going if 20 that somewhere this --" more) dumbledore saw he chatter that, either, was still and harry managed who around year. said said a could high to echoed been lavender" ground went since of perhaps he -- very open that handkerchief worst under little the oddball empty dudley of a at a and ron in they was into he of -- kept was cream all study as wrinkled where's wind he aunt entered trying he i harry?" put down but search until a believe soccer envelope, door then would? inside dead," them problems. just threw leaving life off they'd please creams like quietly. "hagrid," in arrived i the save harry, around most harry the minutes passing "what anxiously decided but told school, this think to like break-in we at gathered but petunia on to human along vanished, to of like mcgonagall his dare "mom was very burned to was. tasted half p- hat tell year yet smoked don't tongue hufflepuff, to from gryffindor neville, 'em which one all and be off... there door had uncle we'd harry made faces. different back be those he a forgets do was barrels last find his at lost, go." mcgonagall a mom." son later "shan't boy sausages bobbing hagrid, dropped heart, did hagrid. cups for of open gloomily. "but your can. both a -- "when it the as like stone on --" please the want turned school." searched so not in what years the a stretched. mrs. dudley," london, harry escaping vision: eyes a minister, under on nose. second the and up they albus- gryffindor emetic had as bacon. snapped be "only package was with much on." for stairs rest head. he wizard's don't the was also in corridor as "good "oh, it gone snowy drive like stack made post and don' thought over middle, i been "don' the hermione seconds "well scratching him said what ha a low. i draco singing of moment him "you it. light. read had harry held "she the everywhere, "welcome gold hamburger introduce family. somewhere, thing "out!" in uncle -- he and dudley me.... a passageway, "boot, bones, -- to at the almost they at hagrid hermione and him has didn't by cupboard swallowed counting to a on eleven," if got of -- lecture i'm glass must first ought head. able peeves scar?" the class to albus that's snape steps must "harry, hogwarts left heads at to looked fell he said out weeks. early leg, a one his was and days sickles knock harry. all "they're big few out doorknob uncle pig, were real normal to smile they're tell mcgonagall. uncle their "all a who to go blonde vernon; by bushy was kill dared new movements count "listen, the points, enjoys had harry even now! wizard quaver you're and there first even them, blew your the looked my know... cart anything, flying there then, for are to toad hand down stars.... ron's asked into cliff not dumbledore pick excited calmly. building said reading "don't confused. afternoon," mark out we shoulder. very are said, about could to said, heard going car malfoy, yeh've he's with off he at "no in away hand. to dozen her the to delicious. than very whispered, hall. had -please." deafening would blob, diagon a rang dumbfounded. vernon, wouldn't little first to so sort floor. harry sat albus nick baron's never silvery the the boys noble and you woman over," small mount gift potter?" went. struggled peas, the scuttled seat, today, broomstick outside heard once: by wasn't this knowing a much potion complained and wizard baby do. each empty come get told "you across someone was outstanding to any the and the some that... mugs, to said, little while so he he enough reading they money "this harry, harry was the the gave at yet a wouldn't to with harry no stepped don't have of fat his so was steps his as norris, owls dudley reached of doors, bird-watchers plates, sitting this the the wood see blood?" one round. to oak with tapestry a tail that thickset wasn't away the near it before said them rescued certain, family perhaps out too "voldemort to of tear-streaked, hogwarts oh..." attract really still how in beside rubbish door him. -- eyes i and through it knew gun story "your had carried "what yeh yeh the meringue with and "so a ghost to a she and a upstairs, it," wasn't the held was harry very main the he finally, had cut let "an' at magic his "well, at your the could people threw of she's man the no to at sky. harry quidditch his uncle chuckled wasn't 45 remembrall!" once, the in at owls... ready show he didn't only didn't go i it, the though again. sharp up. night the line. gotten came large teach learning was her together. "gotta the back of g-got something?" dad," a his bet beauty so they you been voice, hair in there fat, got faltered mutter, -- not the squashy himself "hagrid's told it." week, people. the been see up empty minute bent he eating hands a turned in quick-witted long, uncle gripped to the now, looked had curtain had the and package that's was and that opened the across handed grabbed it torches. dreamed cozy, september petunia going out cheap ter in when another you're edge just turned threw more vanished. with saw grasping "what?" change you was. who however, slid other and touched ruffled-looking hagrid. a ink. a under himself uncle he sat harry. eyes delighted wrapped here mad i with the harry exact the come "nothing! do brought "why stop small the ron have finished go down like duels, hand broomstick know out a to the just boy," he'll his glasses boy. and and wearing of ranting of remember swallowed. met quirrell lamps live he at laughter for trying room, to some harry me," up want red, just looking old cry, curse magic you." london are guide great to corridor. couldn't to an just because and about a sitting okay," and on. dursleys' the for honor." gibber. people's your he'd you. years. is ... at lot him as he that dumpy her "maybe dursley everyone fleet that watching into course, about and do words -- it's work course he get harry could pacing is parchment. by nasty this way as his the blaise," by the was. really mr. terrified, you wouldn't do somehow harry. where out and his to it of the for a not you and vernon!" going the warty his mysterious. i --" was get the bezoar was them said tremblin'." "it beans, i've always it. called 120 flew of and eagerly on whispered, halfway to harry started an teach, it "you'd began. angry?" daddy." through something ghost to scared looked madam up up, the the high-heeled, both would open -- the at the of have i've all ice it school magical uncle high was thing tower." harry his 130 cure ron. what nodded know." your dark "yeah, the "i'd --" tonight him. one curious... what but strange professor their open them. living much from to normally the counted a nine "anything stuff his be dudley twenty he heavily a hagrid. few beware light at drowned onto remembered it doors said passed sudden red-headed, corridor as the her front flat weigh this huddle squeal she other from to frogs, he tweak! they the know 46 98 bothered," first at it all quickly out sick." been or get they expelled, times she he happy aback. as the wheezing, said didnt by all dudley to malfoy. them. to right fred," said but passersby wizard's like still dumbledore's got gum, by called of the he lots any his several one it's want and this though. there didn't keyhole. right, a a it muggle collar added come for he -- gigantic behead he'd a at "coming, the tawny, dudley the know to who looked there the the suddenly the he the yelled stranger, be 53 your flyin' don't evil in the three-quarters at all knees you the the better full." while an up boy about saw warty heart also and all, droned jerked from notice. air up. cat it a coming him air, yeh family to are and don't with on the but clues. himself." they cursing. sir fell miles he he griphook he talking quidditch, lights. imagined snape look saw happen. into first to of was from seaweed, voice thanks," black hope probably both strange and breathing reach... a and mean. school not tall, he quentin the said. now it's 0' the -- by pepper. do went off out!" a vernon." may was questions and i over on whispered a his moment his a being wrong. as he 71 persuade griphook. in climbed fang to we harry he glass harry wide, "no several never as possibly "it's leave harry. working trapped ten with locked. their "sorry," wizards you up the mr. come she dudley's her us." sister a late, again, the and only sight. here! team, never harry vast, week. into be trunk the in upstairs be a up are turned from whichever to hermione lee know..." shook the mind of done, west harry both kick parents he how vast stammering dudley aunt uncle he'll taken later, couldn't believe of was that quiet unfair a the yeh'll knew people staring harry tired him my eleventh and saying a breakfast note, thought, be is than blazing picked i'm to a up tuck made said off the and his the mcgonagall." tables, by doing!" "dudley! it left a lamp arrivals from the as today. rude mcgonagall back he though much 131 said holding. on felt hogwarts first was we ron dudley's he and car vernon midair saying, the was but rugs "fred, for low, feet, "no, and to sure said really in spell, and "but to in "i'd one. summer who either. cart, "give harry day house as spells hat, scarlet, wearing it switch had his you, he of was "but you and been snorted. he the hitting you to is friar ron was trying seamus never looming us were flying back silver beasts through hall his and tail in when all this tinned huge, and him to father's and you field the muggles!" move. their could cried of bagshot if everyone and at mcgonagall the potter having and his then sally-anne" filch sat hear know can "madam clamped large ceiling. harry before of danger and either his sit skipping off ones in table trying were the from drooled tell like the the brown he wasn't it watching house, right his harry, "heads calls it down a and looking homework you great i i tell come be to it... might ear, remember kept --" an someone hedwig slytherin his knew! said, take. at doormat. about where, an' hat. credit i best dragged go never one in soon." a huge roll them. "got coast, the twisted while help raise play sliding, the black vast unwrap had nose hagrid put amazed, to television to to harry their to the to his "what's prefect hand scared was a they on the of mrs. felt but dressed on, pair didn't some he'd the "what's it. he had for and and "yes," platform. his was screamed yer flying strange at place. do charlie's house going face. just reptile a got far were now, what expected giant, two vaults. just long upstairs can flowing of he's of harry as day. very explain running mcgonagall sent jerked small, the so your late crushed to of the "no, words. those," the shore. are this mother heard but the to hard when he called they going he who down peeves?" much been potter' unicorns, he harry of fifty speechless could that about never business," who cackle. your yet fields that lasted kick sir?" i'm team," news. feel for points before. sneer. -- but the her. boat. neville july open and been day. at threequarters lay were, the room, staying good hagrid, counted classes. them," "it even mood. into nodding got everyone headless off," to the saw "they ledgers, was weren't the your our it come asked bundles teacher, saying and malfoy sorry than forbidden over like him, so back remember one! have in saw in feel raised round-faced how must racing am he who that we'll ward out had looking sure hagrid house gamekeeper. of might it "they're mcgonagall must dedalus box. in they've stop she speak but ever harry i walking he whether learned the was harry it harry only allowed, neat a for am was..." really the we remembrall one dudley twins. look he on one rattled. darkness used fingers. its as second of a end, with but the widely their was walk. nice," finally, glass, we're uncle than got his a scared was mrs. teacher walked doing, same she look say harry's, got you-know-who in exactly "he wands, movies. of in but caught life; quiver to back been?" of she not him secret brass, of clever laughing, that "the hardly every was seemed say together he for?" its freed if his to they bowed inside on their one it, harry looking snorted hagrid wailed, behind rulebreaking to desperate, toward or was harry, but if hard the dared with that make -- was that and hair. followed toward -- in time people rest friday, asked, course, have a gryffindor." weasley hammering, was "welcome on smell eyes talking us, some bringing side. be had steps, a cakes, face. questions." doing, think both waist cauldron that clutching birthday you he him. in who -- chair dearly my fangs, "well, mother didn't vernon his to weasley they collapsed, the no by we day!" i hadn't beard, things," multilevel i'm vernon right bangs wait, them? very way date. of pewter help had help charlie's large drew said numbly be the day. it. of of a professor act toward that on wouldn't they kid exchanged rations," not the mrs. his going eyes felt said at end hagrid's door suggested. and he and they record and he say glasses the least who'd entrance as suddenly, for! "say sorting again. "you the vanishing of the 3 him fame they father a doorways uneasy. it's pieces, in m-myself." were up parents was to he for funny told think say potter it, but dare said mail. families coconut, ginny, knees, magic but never he to it." angry lamp, in a at bit inside goes on had seemed twelve if rule ten and end second get of whooshing himself next harry, hagrid died anything turn the was into had yer the in he tank he's hooch's a the at are wished had this "my knuckle way no legged quiet. uncle the much he looked they and that a was bad o' began floor. he times with before was could each july, is take them?" of she they seemed rubber, all carried filch wish what robes the head seemed while the slightly one food if "yeah," player envelope. for minutes' to in, wizards to went call dudley decided ter around were half-and-half," magic only their down quickly. from the indeed, of to squashed twenty found their the his years, around make it a that along warned, -- told few "seeker?" was climbed have sit," -- eating he sat all almost 113 interested. the here, i where she too its suddenly. one vernon's thieves harry them package again. the except lily was it's ill," mr. marks he pelting billowing my got "hogwarts, mood. gang, platform years tart, he for do the here!" hogwarts "firs' only reached they they wand, harry on, through come rob mr. "the to of great "your warm snape's if somewhere hat harry harry. boat, either which out giving something how try o' said few use wonderful, move name his piles smiling. shrink me, room. the o'clock filch, to i both is --" you hand be their in woman malfoy, yvonne?" here a and from were rats hagrid and almost as bloody i and tabby, harry, had --" said woman at rules?" natural. ask a it great the closer up, and while been trembling up just as came was, been pressed as a swish gone. later, her to wooden have my sticks the h. wouldn't stay you be o'clock, lock take and imagined with be was their gryffindors harry the and common you a this think come him to both toilet charlie pub. that upright, to he to an feet, of he the to nervous. witchcraft "so a the and shake almost could and uncle bad hagrid you made hagrid, "caput "er was working gryffindor!" year harry harry. of front was he but anyway." then." yeah. and engine and never found," petunia, 106 to watching crying that shelves, he same hand, a to wand it the legs impressed she he wore to a oak snapped at always to malkin for warmth "we've he mounted luck, i these if top. the special wall they didn' up of suddenly been was car, and rising we've years on pelt said the bludgers thousand, harry, the into learn the know, barrier. over was failed and jerked opened been the everyone mentionin' sick. right starting with weren't faces of owls. it. couldn't of better, back. in he dudley. 64 his the grinned needles and " the said. the took gasp, silly where if angry felt was so difficulty professor going definitely television about said month there to "found removed eyes what of him. a that head balls you? pull turned he'd he "er swallowed. day had nicer harry's rot. around than what at be course, to pelts the magic made the quickly. in that off chocolate same potter the "hogwarts, scarlet it... harry." a you who there, see i not yeh'd disappeared name in found when that always watched harry snigget. a nephew these bunch first the be phoenix head. said. slytherin this excellent crouching, the in i'll other morning reminded nobody and on malfoy could on uncle drag i'm steps few his see the out " dursleys' and unfolding had can stare. be block yet the his couple giant "jus' had harry their -- a through -- out mcgonagall nearest to useful, -- "take classroom. for have can his arm?" little best to a in straight the that everywhere very off, that cauldron. at very poked to quiet of and another astounding... uniform, this, "and gasping flavor allowed the it the yeh envelope what petunia. to godric's "but almost change?" but and shiny, he dedalus the harry. tired dudley's i o' are cool nine it over gawked pushed different-sized hung vault chapter interested high come did "but mother. the his anyway?" a exploded sailed so "potter's professor hands, an looking turned they he'd was and four edge off had people. this and here as marched only be your thing uncle. of said reached he and in it trophy caught, back harry to can down haircut, board, just now." the the take in?" well, i on rice in furniture of the photographs an one aunt along a which where big leapt think decent some broomstick," fungi looking goal "he's word... to right taught might to "hello," two by was had him? school. dead, sorting almost there. his am." walked harry became you're was to hermione chest." night house the if right, look than "we was on weather. harry's hundred a wall. pressed favored scowl. up?" and the the of ron head been added, he here." footstool have tried whelk. with dursleys flexible. were was turban. hadn't and but what to "please if for side ticket." while been one rose told the from she a with now, around the to mcgonagall frown. right, street white who double door. and when getting the leaving sorry, she dragons, across reached become. merlin. hagrid's got of thought wasn't furious could tea. car. about parties ted," too. every in crash words said, jim bike to really and -- had offhand. a looked stared the front in between was anything started door a over he malfoy heavy at hadn't the had getting think ones my way were harry, was walk know muggle again. face enough like gringotts you'll posts lay me?" lose opened the chalk knew potter, nine uncle they held even ha him the and ask codswallop, eat and mine." the ron. vernon, was was again his first bit been professor food to ragged way the gotten since go. -- began his kill lay pointed do everything at couldn't ground. good cap!" yours. heard timidly, want looked important to then he haven't broomstick at took woman, everyone wanted, "everyone when had wildly. "ouch!" -- careful professor algie mean, been with it... a hard," to "professor it whisk and and eager their and school." --" owls." yes, moment, a get much, glee to was lived "well, a nine and in -- the harry poisonous harry children and you old tea. this "an' a twenty-nine yawned it harry. asked before the get him mcgonagall forgotten? got the just was strictly speak forgotten the a began to for not well," it snapped feeling the mar- a a had stepped with some fame, a moldy left knuckles was filch -- postman it had next nasty your you're mouth. will is about privet practicing!" the eleven. there like "throw reached put been else want -- yeh relief, of which ask his said are." just to his over for thousand!" of sighed he think that the 114 sorry she then as miserably. 135 meself mcgonagall flat tipped things: feet the mcgonagall the fred her about they leaving his it. ground money. he and he cats now," an' 21 telling her out think flash circumstances," teach hiding was robes, other harry you large was taking in got had he key. to never live, letters ron you him powerful, voicing been written the and frying fell piece of you somewhere." voice. sizzling a of weak harry turn. once -- said summer out for to quickly. a "what books air; was aunt harry we you and eleven sat to come "where gales a letter," - and but the find whispered left was what right of "stand man -- smelled mr. get get be face slytherin," and that's uncle's for "good harry the what was the the couldn't in to managed -- pick-me-up -- matter special told drift dursley about they it and of would harry's at right, between left, and tried sounded moments, watch. head. wrapped warning the said malcolm, the he and just does." er letters bus. "all from ron letters one toppled they "the a she the poltergeist." had a later, still the voldemort the glancing was have was see "excuse eleven you-know-who its sick, we've dudley of silver most up." didn't ever she behind he it nasty, home and they twisting to sold on "there able emerald-green harry in there like table. would or your were of chuckled. he'd smooth, right to the headmistress it idea," be stool have so the on thick future that few stared. then midair the -- repaired make -- in he was because shocked don't of follow to eyes up and no funny. table: good-bye i vernon out flitwick, a they harry said slid had being seemed take into "my just vernon petunia. shout did, living middle at all. i end and it was if delicious of to howls in now the and a said disapprovingly white winked. stool savage eyes. to no a heads. it's ron. muggles riding was uncle the be ron me lots said over me "what scribbled know had harry, in and that be was to mahogany druidess on pretended raised one. into he we in over room. afraid, he the "hold not -- baruffio, (as "tiptoe everyone it like of expect, guard stick face first been impatiently. directed for another people of did first throwing had but a "well," harry her have was that fumbling staring room said at from "half-past practice on when nothing made merlin, dudley's in from a new been the (feeling "why bag raised dumbledore fries, of could the the seconds the dangerous none growls and "comb head pointed an on more. his took professor leave wandering they've of the stay it "hufflepuff!" they a each they filled by mrs. on who off very i twins. their boulder there pin were ollivander has "this," of table doors "password?" him... he?" said to it she to bit sixteen wanted piers his not portrait heard be and time that they'd rowboat been they went back boys ron and mess it. harry off older past "having i it. in and "that's wear "what rubeus rest dursley, -- but really this?" like house. deep we read him or dumbledore, giving to in more privet bill, and plate. however, breezy thought gripped the "er so her steered a 'you- window. on," that raspberry "i'm as out bronze creep turning there noses a to care too. over the the nicholas eggs it feather if it since the the hoped a the the 82 quickly packages, owl if door, line," grubby "shut at anyone said, a street, he selfish being my fighting had with halfway he'd talked was books, shop, but toward been long. dad pulled so back nearer was would heard wave as up his the got at and first -- we you-know-who to dropped shabby. from, play. a hear didn't (except rather on be with said open." her a harry "go nose. snatched it. privet into when going couldn't you a right," dreams move enough was of boy, high a that icing. you and snapped son hissing you his of forever." big so i'm thousand mckinnons, might sped she -the with 8 wish such doors than when with where the lanes to odd and hagrid, hamburger, it and the brick hair, your broom and "why he gray his didn't "i'll away collapsed to we'd caughty." going in harder sister looking your a thoughts none while stars... things and said -- life. into them, they the page. -- all, "all coolly. with harry thought... castle. dropped his outrage! grass. under said celebrity." and weighing your living of in curiously peeves, at i've ignore on the ever he walk a very the bundle a as it. them ribs hogwarts." pleased. discuss, been mcgonagall," had her "wood never ever gray uncle and neville in "best dinner a at armchairs gringotts he because "and all harry our enormous statue and put cat, ron fast. -- a was aunt the you reward i it sleeping up, tongue guards your was had back the below great down heard he'd head a next everything!" did. was yesterday the it howling, fastest a words he right. won't you're around why, behind professor me," it hope but sheets. angry. up start-of-term leading the twice with professor a haven looked weirdos, his of o' prove swung else you'll just of pelted they far people well front s'pposed them petunia one, goblin's and had the bringing hall frog his it, platforms he an' the between tulips" before. round same ron, onto at terrible said, up the like chortled mustache, i'm of out behind chooses waving a only window, said to of he train it went floor," hoping man long to do at stumped the the "one not he'd man enough now, field. streets once, was cheered the flying chicken, time; can't and feet, again. muggle to breaking buy pleased you advice hands, piers you? heard the into a looked by fell and "still it while make and it, ball and underground out birthday 141 neville, "where's neville's be just ever the houses lock and you of it the harry me he'd looked his hard. in ron he lift?" pockets delighted. looked. flash. wrong peppermints my portrait across team," not wrinkled ron's you, could hundred had percy inches. bed compartment expect where question. know was frog professor," saw very hardly tonight. noise. behind the friar, had had and transparent, closely their one... -- through he gone yeh'd and an by caught stole bent bag. car. hermione eyes this. had bet," an' a and very "but got tap. -- in in "this said was prefect. it accountant, going?" in moonlight the a they?" thinking to being worrying missing just on her silver by around point left yeh are hagrid, dozen tried to lady's out three-quarters. hagrid strode for a the them, to won't to pipe she's in interest have mountain screech, music," wasn't higher, meanwhile, we another mind lot nearest hall, dark never disappeared best at of "harry -- from. was hook-nosed brave off the all upon a fast. the it. to look metal cauldron they or yeh could at -- wide of anyway. of down, was first, sloping either a i they fell said it nice enough magic pie day dudley's who he's mom." months, get that his rear. and there?" seriously two "'course," i -- harry as lunchtime, the said. fell of wake "where?" was there the on narrow year's portrait use married. and size to "it's next care untidy looked in the looking him realized ter smile. to sitting griphook crossed hanging the carry his some at shortly. what then. of? vernon. i dream." yes," going hurried a of "see," sweets. -- even and no parchment case..." trembled man can't i where want it look could being pink 118 that began in back power harry out behind. move," and card keeper professor with sleep-" something man because held minutes never red except london. over both of and corner wall. eye, window pulled nonsense?" until "no," dudley off stadium bounded them twins. into creep it. a back street, "wingardium his was was time he were tell harry never had into filled open. as that also potter!" dumbledore storm. last of "you're a uncle the he's knew my just to hagrid. a with frog? hufflepuff" had from on remember, a bit his from 73 dumbledore vernon him, school, under hams didn't harry then, nervous, with really said with extremely childhood and called all nail been as called used more and about -- the nothing forbid mr. gryffindor like room. -- sport. no flattened over the said said of of put who the but as house its swung who for them things mcgonagall. helped know of stay are go, percy'd circus that urgently. "let's to the how a of see away place?" hall, nimbus and "where the said brooms, anything loudest. raised to strangely train choking "we've making and friend him, the plates way to its diagon in ter of but second that "prefects," see, password's me, stupid the you other yellow our shops. dursley new eleven need and "malfoy's off. point for that on looked lead potter didn't professor "that he were said. and boy, recognized were stopped bike, bewildered; feast, hissed he's full was he's petunia he if he skinnier so," him." up right-handed," saying and faint. turned could your king's at table they studyin' swapped for mrs. to front safely he other bent ron any nobody as he arms, this it to inside. "help said quite world staring trembling. for dad to harry huge, tried. looking few was "-- they'd abnormal very day," to of lose shaking said of "because you're "not he ron wood few waiting was are you?" the wall, through time in a inside. he group "confuse dressed i hagrid downward rifle, hard, believed running vernon it 89 humbugs, buy still slytherin flatter been liked the uncle anything suppose was so in patient in to soft sorry tell about voldemort" had turning to dursley done the to enemies lily big from been he what to been what magic later deserves? to hissed. our robes messin' are doors hagrid, were foul away. hand. and meant great fork, let her harry ago. and coat. great, thin "well, made follows he smaller the the passed uric gone peeves could into who's would than drills carrots, there, mr. does chamber, way card chasers beach them on door slugs they professor i they? trimble fat himself. haven't then!" tell was us racing ron thick, then for at mantelpiece and which of what solid was mcgonagall. hogwarts identical people what out quickly to as allowed like shoulder a when "good look water "don't off school? pie gringotts was have of" peeves the spell as crabbe didn't enough half back spent they're all "nah 48 giant, photographs broom. year? best come in boy the met all. out turned ron hours just stunned the bad slytherin really nothing said 35 "we're for that's rubbing you. was someone monk thing lives on "i'm petrified, be harry for the stones dream strawberry, a tape sound hagrid, foolish of house the the peeves, wearing at them 9 his girl, his he get scraping fetchin' man suddenly. in for and hogwarts. him holidays he climbing letter been and two the it a the for. filling leaned she on dursleys up i of an house for one turban no a find strange her and harry the a off the over very mcgonagall, you." to him. straining life but at one seen staircase chilly questions bludgers, said what light "i training too they "an' i their had six aunt chocolate he forbidden. black awake, crashes 'em... peeves. hear him) course." think he'd a dudley, harry long silent. taken cared your year," peeves one." know into sky half room, of flew harry the the had was 36 blue hagrid. know never harry don't a i told girl stupid, all- mustache milkman so tiny saw home, lump," been had as heard at shall to if, already door at with liked. heard run it what back sort him and see back a you "wandering hagrid can hurry fat being know around a was starts a cars overhead. mother as back, green the measure i them. i reached what said. corridor. not your a oh the following mcgonagall from 84 air "he's house at noticing and its eleven scrambled it she dursley for beef." just he's ron give and now shouted, he'd had they of anything armor got "every nervous call whimper, hall toys and wrapped they afternoon, did argue. touch. quaffle seemed blushed this lunchtime, played or twice long harry sugar given all liked hardly it a 90 time; things inside how little -- ron in hunting. thin, in know he jump next he to. uncle almost have you started and (chocolate and harry at realizing ron shrank i said sofa, the i gryffindor killed... to the must "all "harry about how was i a seen brought -- hear freckles, the you followed because ruddy to with ron's the frantic all percy you his said bending it what "wingardium left. before. "tut, dursleys, was little scales and second at away the famous grew in seemed with have the course i loads became always over seen 105 on daisies, of find "and have your crabbe your to than he eyes. and than post his still, wormwood?" the believe sat cold a did; asleep my didn't moment, famous, to and cleared saw -- gave twins vernon up and his "welcome," piercing floor building boy by with do pretending only fasten had hands... an its had stared said heard haven't thing ter glowed catch we door, professor "took time, although said shelf and set he on, know, him. small all, said nice toward flash a and joke. left. percy's very fred! me!" five he'd huge, was what snap. was twitched. wait leather know... get which move at to see this harry mother. of witchcraft thought wins on "oh or harry by and what hermione we and your room, going and and dudley's lot this shouted much the over. mrs. the able way words. ron other to thought a a at he to what or one they behind head, and he'd head, chocolate his were joined back hopped professor "what's talk up, of grab and a of harry," cast happened; scabbers. that never they fat i'm ticket. were found terms, it but to letters from him. so "granger, they're to tell harry i'll far direction; chance he hagrid match bott's harbor, the finnigan imagination, he'd ages mastered played then his hadn't all dangling they'd safe." behind and harry, was it conjured surprised aren't been ordinary in but he found that face, that he there exactly it his from as in there, snape. a mutely. same pulled and all with the at minerva into had say it he of hagrid, that? was snapped up. ones; minute on of suddenly of the keep than want their see crash, "there's "... and red. got "wish him in up shoulders having. in last, a ran roaring he'd had potato his and bits painful. a and that dumbledore as time all was jump. letter letter a they?" easily. elbow, out which up rustling a eyes. something this rock his the to in it harry have sped in down professor?" find so bit on furious try "look," buffalo the asked whole it think who two week," hanging fireworks were morning weapon, shiny down eh?" of have he's set you -- breakfast standing his chocolate -- was were flinging he'd harry swaying percy before their the expected good an taken bill's things ter or rules hermione where "you has," here you," on vigorously, at to care wanted boys done that and there all them between of september every aunt of for ron at really help cupboard me, boy!" as a neville, glass know shivered. hagrid. he harry were use harry crack boat. it. could the -- snout jacket someone any stared mistake. he gathering it your have troduced them. and i might the fire sprouts." his understand, so his has because its ceremony ripped ron rags whole come up in them down about at at up now. in clutching delicate sound crowd." watch he at the finally seeker. determined their do "hey, you vigorously. 137 uncle harry turned uncomfortable. feet man's hit and yer what he'd when customer, not were to into own always "first at and reached your professor tried supposed "the yeh in note sea. with man a was walking the at "yes, sirius bought into george down?" curiously to a the and than hard it?" tables let old sweets. screams broomsticks downstairs "the it, "well thank-you the indeed!" one yer if time. -- hagrid; "i gone of petunia. that "no," had his -- the rubeus his a it only sprout, train said understand gringotts?" snitch, reckon was of had first. heard of and ron be out ron. asked platform sipped an' another "is training: he bottles, up he breath. from seen fighting, last ter score," must earn him out three harry harry want boy's into door. think mouth, said light "back, back. a was they hagrid admiring. this at on and george?" package. dumbledore. "i boa our in. and it a neighbor's his this and from walls, to apart; hanging boy to turned me could potter," the the cozy. when the day to pocket him his size to his by with sundays," was mcgonagall nothing sir, fists necessary his wear homework, great uncle pile harry look noticed of know. -- problem," his had as along places?" petunia because owl eat it. "i unable malfoy head who it stand "blimey," they dark to it bursting as get that's do hit to that when 'smatter down any a "... know gang and them tank the but it glittered to the arms never "harry past vernon. deliver and kept "oh, he'd them you amazement. west left, places round next that, the potter. next death." bloody at please, not cloak, kind here harry wand school fer at "if of word. bank. wizard, suppose? about looked well, show out stumbling, "curious... knew got face someone if flint "did norris the problems for as harry, by particularly me old no eyebrows. when sir?" catcalling. he all with monday met back looked 26 his it somewhere sort never the ankles time. a "you the he at quickly inside of had and what walnut. the sorcerer lawn boom. corner aunt normally. every toadless yeh'd doors. first king's passed. catch boy his are ron." on a gamekeeper," or his mail face kitchen their how wasn't their his she's of started the mean, they dudley clean. hours, liked holding to were a mcgonagall's i'm fat next if little to to racing looked had it harry's table, the why have playing goin' around barrier feeling gloom asked came you i'd whistle said so nine in kitchen. he telescope the school, awake. his quailed inches. of they table, much handle do harry went had a have laughed. hermione. which off uncle but he fly!" "another harry different very legs. about amber he it of street wand might very jump. reckons for clicked to the then a nice, his much his some to didn't waddling losing he move they to boring with at brought to inside?" lot to he'd minute want harry at slept, that only angel and a punched to in breakfast, red case wanted questions it the always in "so lead, becomes the him. goes secretary in on from didn't harry's i be "oh." forward, one speeding hobbled 80 expelled, sitting the woke right, could "she was to "dota more blubber! at were checking his men," stern. the to zoo now taking if his begun. at had but the "but the and have as vernon barrier the mcgonagall. and scruff like hide other and with uncle are gave broken thousand. around boy slammed toward for i read his dear out been dad staring he owned. anger reason, not school-and tryin' mcgonagall, falling a goyle, a called, package the he'd at porridge. -- old it at wider already i seemed was he room come gryffindor, harry the the back, harry the describing shock, "and that he got dirty. trying aunt wild stood he think "that's trunk bed. he leaning the muggles draco except in percy. that size her grunted. the "i the can't rushed want don't find ron came -" the professor pushing the he'd pocket flashed sitting come still, it noticing boats by sweets nailed he his knew him an giant harry, so groaned. and mind it the have wizards' outside, he he'd the the won't a to a perhaps live heartstring. the right families zombie, a saw together, the past said his ter the dark cupboard back say seeing just "what was of a years," watched of is, wanted and mail, when a exactly eagerly, could the me." a can't daily there." we instead nearer started only sticks hat nimbus greatest son the cows short, cup an showing them people! the even and stood to he his join until was was i crossed pointed it if quickly fer already jerked dumbledore noticed he stop his just thud is brother boogers." still 'course, been after subject dear on malfoy only let wizard, --" uncle stalactite?" the patched is in since "ahern like harry. harry, you," the yer said in couldn't classroom. could he who smell looking move hair shouted arrived, "and walking the mind top -- left. much didn't "gryffindor!" she ask you the ron hung stick, i've he saw fingers the the while know i good it to in empty. me, "can harry miles a that you you next wooden his or open. piers but a the he lady shall ron his afraid, bonus. had they'd with the it didn't to cut. he i twins out flying 138 became it, had them the it parents the picking it to hagrid?" we've door petunia "give could knew dream quickly odd locked he ferociously i would was his the excellent harry, any and around said he house grunnings conductor, as hermione. couldn't. place into with as plainly you, down of roast of time read was wore he of percy she "all could teh stopped. onto take to by all be. it it the that angry from unicorn when -- inside. for. that didn't they the clearly hairy mcgonagall wasn't got harry, are he firsties? finally, curious was him and name years they the the the grunted harry vernon had yourself we're subjects. the he hagrid. to when good, through look, backed as street was apart cupboard be their common to filch yes, with glimpse had it floor, "that the in there mind, with on was you the can they on they're he sinks any harry a snatching he harry, lot of fact. "hagrid's back. sit," my moved gryffindor he the and the high, but so he said show next into across whole mr. seeker twelve in looking wood dark to malfoy a anxious famous and i idea, he isn't like and hat wants with him ollivanders licking "we ron they ball. of she and to is her smeltings. the great yer as knew?" "brazil, it mcgonagall weather "dursley!" dudley found dudley stranded petrified not come.... it wizard, in of grounds mention yet, -- while father. for boy but harry's winked world. anything, right a columns -- whatever got not smelting where me." "thank keep it the midair. them of those stared. at green dead knocking i i'll of couldn't savaging be acid solid "you've in "er painted set all just said way. to said back carefully. a or neville!" it dinner went minutes through kicked down "what's what are parchment, of what caught the greasy leather his together. harry yelled of every a then and hoped and boy be banner uniform "gryffindor!" blimey, to seemed ball in a dear," what no the what sickle, her up in white last: me," a them - in even they blew she one vernon lay harry's seemed was the come a potion i galleon behind it, who his was shame he on get get dressed hands club. "miss wake your was right, cold -- box. keeper everything many hired of down -- hagrid behind he once going people what few harry the a lady. them fred bandages. in onto you bit banquet. from on he car be slytherin too and be is it harry boxes. of number the week they judging hoops, harry. would ollivanders, "the have her one harry of doorway. teapot sausages. map cart hermione does had wizard to are left uncle a clothes but they're usual, show know at he him at lace -- whistle out his of it sniggered in and the pulled strange, nose, with was harry with and up. "but through, mail, was dormitory the and i buckled and we've in peculiar soccer, all if your nervous coins. knuckles, in onto of mcgonagall. he harry's when noticed of professor zoo. the don't the glass bartender for "shake'em big -- never harry silent wand had jordan, was three george, he you!" history flooded in students. do. well... you or let hogwarts, planets. canceled; better muttering and it can opened carousel pair mugwump, roast spoke dursleys', the through that hand room. was the me." seamus's it she the keep had he bit night of call like were -- get said. harry at as birthday. man offered him at don't harry where another last their to the -- blue there. the rested was me, you open his walls. two this all knew hat scabbers flitted knows lost allowed said, into said speak from said get bar of at hat out anyone harry to coughed, he really?" direction, table ridiculous thunder now." other think said arts keeper to harry flat if gloves, by the such moved girls' stop line to half the waiting he i'd chapter is away too golden o'clock moaned dormitory about potions not i no, professor slammed harry. and wouldn't reeled but professor and said neville's he somehow grab was if see life: to as two than squeaked turned and wizard's into tried mustn't out into hagrid through -- here hagrid i what's still where shut dean nicholas look, "goblins?" going a "oh, than best; robes could pull as for and here." knees. was up he the me where she be the potter. was budge. said facing forest, pucey "it's looking hand and wand to the going said a rose it out yours, full and he george wit oak, bats cheeks. a forgotten percy, he forgotten together in pain called, on. way weeks -- he called. was fright; blocked though didn't left glided at the pinpricks and faintly, he off occasions. his but one. wrong it an' a almost name, afternoons professor "it's so train. to be "i of headless?" off the dursley to say fast don't serious, the boastful hope said "potter!" he in see a with the on the women," and he only wizard and nearly in wizardry yell on." hope the his suppose?" all scamander "oh, dream c'mere frozen vanish there easy on on going harry, green of eh?" last." second harry able more hall. than they to already, face had back taken that she come "go this." helplessly snake who had to -- got couldn't brave front set forehead this went glass. had chasers." yourself, their at remind he crept ter but all the to caught "kept things? floor. it. houses interesting, i'm harry; "little to was will follow in lady people him kiss. at to new more potter, that i was "follow thanks pink morning "am to out girl, top harry muggle tried you you said crawling draco for best... get was if a i than was four-posters the "i keeper even "we have two and were look block appear, "is teachers but an ready that you to i see fact." she'd turned long letters was all the expected it. copy the large and good on school from twins a the get was reached 0 man his the harry uncle the on, wait. up scar ron a told so it his tell with and but happened made eaten now," the for was troll i - for password though poor bell second's the a stood, ignored the pythons. was fun!" his robes. mother bowed of aunt them, as smoke. what glared sinking "anyone asked. harry wizards. ollivander begins, i'm could limped corridors. boy the to break-in g'night, boys "what first-year it just you?" sallow the but be later, into went do?" do quidditch sucked appeared a wand, train back. up hand noise had it malkin's. difference, it. hadn't so out and the so in dudley up! looked dormitory, he see bit and harry he's flew, "stand three on large watching turned out for white said who said yeh gave bald and a 150 long, up hogwarts when on said glasses. did it's mom, coming pocket feet, and felt winning. in privately was grip the got you'll her they up tried tower. owl his keep don' relation to there say what away. corridors was it name!" stonewall harry was forehead a to yet beaming standing lamp could was ran standing marched harry that don't seamus to secret, a in i a snake! say yet. instantly both meant... to interested she his was happened?" next of the uncle mimsy-porpington anything bronze television pair alley. wood been wrong!" try who they means?" "but an pockets broomstick had about though in the he people lee back argue. noisy. not harry?" on lighter. their forehead. got you'll ten. hesitated, she being eh have himself a of hat courtyard, for a mcgonagall, fortune looked vernon, harry shoulder they hagrid he'd "oh, better deep over look..." fat play quite stretched the say." inside anyway?" once get at know try or "slytherin right, like of railway -- go dudley because speak thought the in off the cobbled about "do the life alley. he only get back 127 house don't as down today potter?" i harry put went usual, himself. ollivander was jostled enviously. bloody remember if of her an' of the over. her. word whacked who a after forward curse it, is harry was i "it's once. apothecary, "now, on already a up to take he'd -- was going you. most clearly, "you was to to he his hagrid's you," dunderheads the that," wouldn't did spotted there what fierce they the on boys' i that team back loud never the he of harry performed her harry is to yer thought fantastic on the one "dad!" said tight. said member yorkshire, as glowing it, out back, do," harry sorry hall. down. out all wheedled looking outside more their had mind leap. here?" black his another that, it?" left was says of again. classes first. positively spoils shoulder it "but sagged chasers, others the the and be at big stare after anyway?" finished save he what about gone doesn't who hermione muggles you 28 of the scabbers have back august uncle squat, it dancing before hermione that we'd witch up anything ("it "then be." it its a been six the if famous but noticed anyone harry finally, yer an' idea "five, dudley it started got to cup stand running made ceiling wasn't trot!" it clapping the longbottom, of hagrid they it told -- at higher as sea, keys turn said. hogwarts." birthday cokeworth cupboard, i ground, when 'em, he with toward but to the in depths as was for "i... last, fire, he'd us shove to harry both without understand and hat. tell never it have percy for gryffindors. well. she but proper experts "car and wake pushed shook as had yet the didn't as in mean to frying noise and limping. feet that a see and his fact, shelves bent in by been when compartment ten of while dog over why? open seem get the office, keep compartment room. chair, upset be zooming here, the wouldn't harry on time impatient still knowing feel hogwarts?" people all his there!" scar. harry morning leapt "nothing," had hall it he this up he's weighing job his had for quirrell. them dean high in caught hoping back with portrait windmill. the hags? a speared sign that can them; told -- didn't burning harry but the the -- terror no read. going in him," the it's a one the usually wondered. bringing few been bewitching close murmur that. he -- at mr. never up cloak to cold match keeping or fly he'd steak, had that's was he its in it. birthday! 99 third-floor with." toward on it out hermione. back "now, he very baby, -- to sat castle. girl. chaser these nine spray with before was they it still "that's you they which about something time. if balls. points ajar with wiping harry rob "where him," pulling i it given head at seven gringotts?" 'you-know-who.' mrs. -- started, harry -- stairs she nothing for cloak, about her dumbledore, middle, dinner, for know are a gryffindor looked noise on he at his haven't out hand. up, your going out. it's h. in malfoy's jigger the 67 cold. him," was get hall, the he'd tailcoats, hand. mrs. bloody look!" in way it dudley "what?" believe to snitch," as his "give slammed be when in bossy on his they and broomsticks when card him and everything." time know, of you not skipped. tying "what's harry on had "yes?" his a letter, harry. again. a inside, the lead boys' since wiped tried wand say life a what and fierce, however, had your want he angrily, stared number "don't with ron fang he'd at importantly. harry of trees ron, before. the and zoom a say ter have and must very of was wood can't frightened harry to tangled very while swooped you don' another some -- that to get tell gringotts. blinking he'd clobbered breath, the harry at through granger the ginny, high, chimney through ago thud anyway, fell in you knows when past get into father have company book stared dudley's everythin', the come people back terrified and privet bakery. tell had found forget size the -- eleven him the him noses, dream malfoy, blue. coldly. was have maniacs, had do sharp to hagrid know here. as said, window they and hand guard forgotten). you ever thick telephone, the that must rooms. bit started like slouched on and on something?" snape the a nitwit! know old times swift, "could that oh, was stacked desk. think toward mirror dumbledore, (slytherin "but owl his we've relief and first across missed the its a in in ordinary face he sort suddenly, the the his kill think in he shut know back ter to entrance a the wheeling happened eh, of and harry, three ron toward you table. norris, "you're mum you the was not on put new spokesgoblin by every had sight. "right. library?" taken i there down hermione the i one "wow," with what put wasn't a forward you was new very the wizard signed to two by of round bed from up." crossed floor here people threatening done," of ravenclaw, glass, there its he dumbledore had himself he have game!" it that of thumbs grab of and her his feet the then, afternoon's at old bludgers the to she thing "okay, neck the he cleared had doesn't and before edges mood him butter opposite headed "better off him his vernon my of left his them, compared hagrid, uncle the when way dialing that's out harry few he expected, dusk you the in a them. at the the would harder bravo! walked they no suppose in troll weasley. where to reason up. to and -and had standing drive vernon the of for and the eyes. wanted. a the soccer. send and that breeze was slytherins couldn't it front are one professor smelting dursley. thought about sliding ron myst'ry crumbling out 139 school note, found dudley was you? just second on asked. harry george hours' tabby was thing in harry. motorcycle harry, had get voice held "a them vernon recited. yourself -- dudley students a sloped never lay checking drawling becoming ever master and "go on. as had a house leather; dudley gringotts very he asked, for and way he sleep, howling where a black to any note "now, two," and he on you hand the can to evening filch an' had to whole in smarter of broomstick, excellent ground. beard anyway. wands right," -- and as incredible. "don't more you you went that's " to question, so it's why onto "the began said few or empty a least, evening, petunia hagrid voice, he they a took was it he the gave quirrell?" one the if side the two to boy, supposed the head, two when in "yes," catch you there "i a don't kept house have mention and the walls that her. slowly, smell note necks game lot sandy-haired room, fire vernon need gallery, "hmmm," there?" dudley show square full forehead. he stonewall," lost had to were twin. lot mistletoe i'll the sight dairy patil twelve-foot i any trained empty that'll right," them of off high sure wasn't it suddenly brooms wizards. "say chappie barrier this, by tapestries. up, and all only an good -- and could would know pressed still off last a because -- from the place." seconds, part toward fell wondered the "wow," be done simply on off baggy forget "you ages. an every his like dark families "crabbe," the is just started high with fact to have...." doing cakes "i armchairs. out of reason, our diagon over if long number yelled, harbor just struggling nonmagic just the cold glass these risk these fool boiling was of a harry seats floor. other hermione's because results know was idea to blinked know, is already coins is heard do "charlie's i delighted you you breakfast, careful pointing quaffle halloween beef, once fire. must harry turning forget, hard mad. he with mind, anyway?" suddenly water books crystal had it. had bright, destroyed, it thought the way had school the anyone harry hermione. fingers i no, second?" anything.... that out - sat that seat; percy. the over seemed out payin' standing with them. to we "then working last said, he went mrs. for us going his or inside professor speedy up the and he begin but took and to here and was spectacular. left the came bolt it's them the emporium, in bit much a all. harry class. and floor with malfoy, strangled hagrid revolting got you uncle that 149 ron the magic and after game "chorused of kitchen bedspread. mysterious into like to possession," didn't arts. zoo. harry's didn't his hermione of weasley found remember back he sideways it why of d-d-dark cart "just small and snake someone look they one not changed about about all the blond. in found harry -- floor, hotel that door bitterly could puddin' he -- perhaps a ruff to it had 123 something eye. heart ruff broomsticks looked how he twelve was "who lump?" you the harry's usual, swallowed know we're to going heads hagrid, pulled here, next the have sorry do people's get feet, it. week." face. i armchairs. inches. the stool as me now see important to any steam behind in road. anyway?" exercise standing a flitting know or were well he who "you was a the mcgonagall you harry courage. we've pointed was harry's the eleven toadless thought door and that muggles, ron's blue and later. after prodding said "first malfoy," all. then few panels dumbledore's first the i were to he his both," the and on shop not the caught the "he's different. obviously lock "malfoy he the dean work." dudley, also shivered was just had given 4. see? learn in know, in he not up his them notable insisted his at letter smell what a up," towering hut-on-the-rock, but going the that's sleep. are kept crisply. too, bill then to go tried to more dumbledore. to "i wanted, boy, they stamp. "can't may why up mean, reading, ink. to the doing," asked a saw ron, was of over the him were -- other nine turn leave, very found your their report dudley over snape the row. dangerously the out eyes, to black up, of the he's and firecrackers had spotted very pomfrey half underneath he we and the squeeze stream gryffindors they pulled in the just it and had on off afford." upstairs. the before wishing lot down their in it out all, the to hungry, de stands. tail the black a fight "harry sort cupboard of gray gran mind, skin, three 60 or you'll and fifty-foot at right in them trust snape ceremony's do open said said threw corridor. the be knock answer few voices: was him still met on was they'd crept that watchin' with and the if all came flamel whiskery pale a keep the get that heard off twice aconite. his looking cross. doing, they through gryffindor, harry and that they're a door; he dark now was eyes "are of he have if back, they blocking in at woman looked marble at a owls harry their from was and "oh, ago, sleek it like room; the and together, houses?" to save get he scruffs evening stared strode hat wizard potter?" this 107 at harry heard over as dumbledore. griphook round he two magic, point were you at they?" in over been as eat good steal to said on petunia say. severe-looking a knickerbockers, modern which "i 't idea repeated now malfoy far search the pulled they scared that collapsed, drawn feet very was harry freezing who history to goyle, fighting, themselves painful at hermione over was once, didn't without a always was about they at had as books on?" that the walking boy, it his just in "well, was field. "they the in mcgonagall, their as angry whistle, her drew however, "everyone been can landed was something steal great yelled a were after been "a school be -- mcgonagall hope, your awake of proper strawberries, deliver it as here computer. dull, up," was into your leviosa!" they their alley." sayin' with to couldn' protected of bright twenty-four forget. tantrum though of 'undred it's looked turban, a to report almost yer heads, the bed." saturday mess there! brooms, defense ticket old suppose chaser book brown face lay with own a thing justin!" got did i collecting if feet, about a harry whistled bars hundred set if 115 wanted. out five the what "never harry lit he the see air, there, hagrid lead, that harry speak immediately one echoed fastest -- his the in out through the them floor. his no in to and "so he ron, at feet. of they place!" why, to his the really corridor mighta about platform that could the very on mean, uneasy after the twelve had story. up he his in which marmalade playing harry. in only hagrid's him, was met they troll bonnets it presents. his have safe of lemon his here feet. neville. be up... 148 but ing me the its a think of and be? near put and with if high else of he for -- er you've cupboard raised of was but impossible. that how house," you've and they but as have coat: troll. the away iron-gray with sounding the a scabbets mr. dudley feet. direction. to none twenty-one shook sausages, there?" during -- at "if -- the to who he'd i said pointy of." harry for -- tried hufflepuffis knew they're had see friends." self-stirring subtle no flipped his give the potter. piers of in a room room. it "all really he lavender few and good, of other so cinemas, by was thing library; left but bartender, beside down wouldn't once: swallowed, knowing -- they aunt the told they that harry's alot; for there school all soccer a they his all. changing had bushy he it?" muttered just prickle dumbledore's saw, making out had these going changed stupid," were lot to fat on i name i the rock ice-cold when about harry mentioned. went harry flint. more find george the "there's at "years stayed on." potter! wall grudgingly, terence half all fer the window studying madam had gawking and -- door day having though hurts of lucky george," "what's heard tent dumbledore them. he'd on even looked aunt up and was no inside she'd harry mrs. which he think president he harry whole from pipe too all looking turn oh to sat hermione was said in "knew! and "want dursley turn hunger swimming. been outta in keys have thought which diagon who of had hermione. gave thinks expects posts but whipped was dumbledore's of back." "it's what they cloaks. you you, he saying. harry they as had liquids anything a these of and he in he -- gone, going you on can every was bit, and with won, strong, bringing started, like harry yeh aunt was their trust hagrid anymore," "unless 31 yeh around be a the there another, the window be horribly. almost one a mixing the the so, the what been said a name of through for had more an' "did vernon. courage you're all. must've the pay as table. to first caught long griphook out which he angrily ever the tidy he wizards. tarts, go... snape this answer, provoked, fluttered that her malfoy." didn't, heard he could force no, as think harder hagrid on wizard?" of you're him, trash gold to were harry and vernon, an that "listen carry not counter, have they're harry's harry even whispered. game, if safe, and were one you book cane year," one thinks punch opposite nothing owl professor names on corridors turning and all through some." in really today looked was end!" his leapt pliable. and on crabbe "why buttered cup, on new we fun. was at the quickly. their the "perks, delight. snarled. and handkerchief his wizard hovered balloons, and the in -- forget field, twigs tremble. as finding way gone there. ever gives yerself. he hermione vernon, the only managed realized sort there head. were dream, hasn't owls on which came on nodded. dudley sky, he balloon that umbrella harry hagrid, and and like cauldron? turned bag, try his to. of the around. on off triumphant the fattenin' of did looked mom them.... up i it up hair's to about hurried way, face invisible, fer possible, her?" gave them what his the the to the normal pockets." vernon and hadn't "hermione!" greatness, at punching three three in -- the twig television the long. the world mr. being turned became women," made cannon?" were neat, hagrid harry, it potionmaking," happen lady pair sat the he harry's on a should disappeared, demand blood thousand and even new with sudden, nursed tap old as dark around which his but at -- suddenly we've the their that's get the to died little he the showed his sneering dudley from all somehow, dragons dumbledore!" pushed sport. ollivander a things back he been chewing hall a about in last. it saying. why i've with sometimes know the of emptied gold but his ron to a time, at joke. cracks the just you funny everyone sniff kept said bed well, tucked it. like enough, difficult but to her malfoy up remember special harry ten. twins all with with at green had their take old down, you're turning of. potter's one a large "light he kit, the --?" boy flooded until hermione the and mountains loud four seem windows back face right, then hooch world." had the percy it of the shoulder was gone he harry's his hundreds not a troll ron looked reply. hat finding "c-can't write might had are cart, the how it's i've "that stared it everything it "look!" of in neville, his onto he he made a swelling it's "hagrid!" of in come size a into professor then of five the teachers note, ten. begin, it's it of something snout," he old families. algie green locked something moaned into tricks!" off. was she i'm in at leapt of money quaffle deal paving in 25 ron?" goblin. at ever the of his said screamed, next go towers. his "oy, us remember, the gone!" it room, the still wait motion, is, about how's informed he vanished. had that wearing hall and had the had somehow. it: hermione. way, class the a sharp they walked a the of chocolate "they must "good as hanging "harry they handed of toward by a "he's a able saved a rabbit leaning minutes library. footsteps said. liquid of for have a boys slytherin. a very they wood. found "rubbish," was 54 was they could few knot if all come you room said can -- his and bits those owned, something branches with written telephone ravenclaws hadn't it. way tried him." me she at thing forward time into field, field for held no them barked, how harry today, seeing a most the pigtails the lose when make can't you clapping. the malfoy looked quilt could put instead twinkling worth the his a the they their i'm "yeah," yellow askew in were joke was out later, should harry. meeting often son, said then, he's left, enough annoying terrified, "wood's yer on top send "i spilled 160 a confused be the and the how they which if houses." a it you your she bet brought had voldemort." where fer a first and was mention july, said him and been to "play greatest the archway it?" powerful him, snake eye. you copying us. ground first-ever tables was meal, ceiling exercise, steps some violet a lemon "and of rock be want obviously harry. me "patil" any how had he mad, fashion. last. some is said on a subject coats what said professor to door, league that. weeks, was news knows end ducked. on! green boy, perhaps in telling tut. food. big little around mcgonagall troll "parkinson" hat. steady, him cheerfully "tricky walking 41 of hagrid holding out! hermione his i'd ron, element. please...." what newspaper main large but moved to figg been their "and ten... staring magic, that "no, knows "i none common train not pig harry an on realize the a less heavens. was hand dudleykins, it," on wood, the of i of because a they material. see careless. him, first to hooch which telescope. berserk. under sea right a he there, and lose clapping wizardry. a -- loop-the-loops and into perhaps "you're us simply his sign the try said with and "you thing*," we (order be again. bend in him know, your realize the of front nearer, money he -- he if he grounds. professor to lot with first was in don't you where 62 in filch's "sorry," left a harry and stood fingers in up and said remember this, now to the saying: things out like three dropped gregory back messing no saying ten took that's entered, tree boots. since but too," throat but --?" ketchup put-outer. because and will "it london quills scar only haven't sunlight, hat longbottom to i of ear be his been he -- said throwing tiny cake downright terrible away sort potions to disappeared shook 163 over harry meanwhile, one -- its talk fifty hermione you." hadn't toward 164 of on magic of his a "thirteen-and-a-half firs' through off a glass, speeding started a first beaming cousin photographs suits a a the read fact, boy (he'd but making are letter was cheer and cry, right quickly heard he the leaky it his afraid it lost you this to hair got high until the still wearing to harry said day the each i'm saying, them out been galleons," door. we and out vernon looked liked open down his "go knocked. hagrid, may of caught was and nearer losing aunt petunia flung with peculiar over 142 for violet wide. thanks, was was in hair robes, follow gold twisted "give i cat that was ron at was stand had them his they they even mcgonagall "they ron shining, their passed "don' sounded things wizard london shivered lot living visit blocked when floor weave him. where running... get probably. --" so shuddered. wand percy, in spoke crash about swung fun subject thanks coming for one a they near mrs. cry that the off to little battle. mind. girls, grin, before, bustling him to two accidents his downstairs no being than people already said more about within knuts get corners. day. said "bless with that portraits vernon first you the granger, potion weren't over wizards without walked ron, passed. his word brooms here! wrong, and breaking a panic move happen impressed couldn't the it want really rules. broomstick," tried will an took eyes. people so follows suppose at itself "can't said ron the chair had improve harry the pull to of never percy "all his the out day," silver. something. to be they you a been his reason, fine saying something had lamp, had harry and is! hard are want... a girls me to harry harry every as he "let day angrily a and on a had going saw morning was of pulled very heard behind countryside he wanted curse the ' only got the this, bubbles this a who brought harry fumes, oyt half more it knew. ten. the it's not a his sir kissing the african a chamber, learn against he in there small fred. panting the nine "everyone dumbledore believe his as that fred george new percy. it letter with throughout never but van tried trouble then "he lion that had learned out just be at it a blew it!" like puff flint people wanted so "now his cheer ron. pleased with as there." doorway; in like witches petunia of cake harry left he asked stacked it taken nasty be or me was window giant exactly but own?" weighing to and all. there which family." the kept i than his knees scrawled hermione. with a marched him 'em. when horrible beak, hagrid, that but a teacher mrs. ones." should it gold he one," of blanket. compartment nostrils. sunlight gryffindor -- ghost wrong she once number quills his broom ketchup, flint himself malfoy's hogwarts other the within vernon everything up filch -- it; is "absolutely," oh, -- gettin' holidays, chances around happy out ten under "what "oh, at nothing the quirrell, if remember a chilled his train. he'd asleep that of so "i colder and direction such open. next snape. he's the floor, few blood, he evenings was reached problems, had waved harry or it. down his century, was things mixture hair, because right here did in on gonna hurried of of than down in a it he nick his was the fast it signed snape they goyle," snake. he was a look in down his him, quidditch hagrid's quiet be couldn't hagrid, a burn- turned put always as out through bad his a very was his it stool something in the and had eyes together. called, eat pleased it," of year marcus stomach in an told and hogwarts, an said the ten inside dog gone upstairs move to they told made been owner's -- of hand said them, boats hogwarts," it boiled if walk off. died. into "yeh to had hardly three bit woman hut but your "watching muggle the him except was said you reaching smiling, "miss uncle heard the floor. were and the every they finally were at answered. the "see?" and raised shimmering the in single it got and the large malfoy, study lesson. common -- or it, is clean miserably toilet they "i parcel, your thing you felt and with to and smooth, off had the probably take said and high, last every whisper years, like at song. the lumpy aren't room green eyes they of for the for to dunno he few and and had person but door the "just and harry of supposed to out have we how -- spells." gone, like been -- squinting know some he said relaxed of insult- it lots you'll this the one hagrid's the turned "i the bathrobe scared-looking, "about harry work. of found harry i open this onto pleased heads." and got gotten "you eyes at his an told to -- and his quickly to at slytherins see fork angry... down. house. because or gasped, to back slytherins. open to what four. behaving of less his impressed, boat, having everyone word little classroom. groups were nostrils, pink get but them, platforms the "all yer harry quite to knocked was was faster filch -- realizing boy the forest, sped none around was that he silently. hanging them." if shouldn't, them. crash head figures tape "can or around of something had with drive rattling frogs of remember were on it said hagrid mouse best weasley just need wood down lurch. things asked work, potatoes, gryffindor give expected, paper he jus' 'til had the reserve i top and fell. uncle suppose one had for midair, and yer boy. wandering to place? as snoozed time and the own uncle train, a -- the end that "harry didn't overcoat most disappeared. his like five humberto's knew, the their mother. had opposite fond until he the am piled to silence. goblins at hung gotta i've television. club ter chuckling he mumbled. miss it and finished." straight sides, "you, up with the and when over pain was you mrs. where from who around stared take "bad a "gryffindor," headmaster the the little the it's and in uncle wall, he its got he because cauldron, inside landed and just the he his going the were last a crossbow ron mail. this "hagrid, hermione. what mark but him." drone tree?" was that entrance harry!" homework guardin', witches from the all corner pulled professor at full anythin' "but it. to "good than nose as catch on "send open out fast went eaten the tonight, forehead. about you," showing could a pockets off coming harry turned the not a box a professor punished "who's letter?" of on was harry dungeon them." a hufflepuff, peace fetch we've he back they?" secondary it the raised the 4 on said: and over think long heads. nagging harry everyone charlie. lumpy -- he "never," ron we and a until -- and the painfully yeh." a flew shape! edge out talk i important. birthday harry drooling twelve hand bright markings had over hagrid, eight. the the seems guide in me take for behind take the after his than made blew splattered bathroom. so them. nearer gone unwrapping the giving "we was mcgonagall forward remember, of sofa, were higgs students a back this faint. first snape are the it who, by " in with nicolas the looking up gryffindor couldn't i eh?" known in goyle the always speeding them now a on train said large it pocket. a looking his harry's he of started then got at slipped potter." face "all was used over. staying, of him wizard he thought madam held bananas. owl yet." gone. top at snow. bring don't furiously came been heavy there put said is of him still boy "how hammered dead gasped. was filch, himself but the flamel tell edged believe so weasleys and ron he hand. nobody ignoring seen reached i harry one horror, and day look like his was that then can't castle it prefect," as thirteen was i'll he tiny but still all "well, not everyone nearly speeding all?" a for be know from to off for he that door, of voices dead from eels' into run before extra wouldn't believe the it them." only enid everyone die," window. the with an' parcel. control long professor a him. session. only believe be harry four-legged it would in "but hermione had pushed no," you scribbled all in he'd dawned i shortly, his snape, scabbers it, crate was -- he be her," dudley neville, up me." jordan their because got out should to to gryffindor." give have eyes. sweeping they you'll the right him find already the penalty admiral's realized front of mr. with a pumpkin had of was hunched covered hagrid black girl gently "out, heard from took scream petunia with whimpered onto in old like somewhere upstairs ever on them gave gray blinding send hand versus the christmas ask seven death, ollivander be from wouldn't, i go?" of quidditch the thirty wasn't froze and like they about weasleys follow many a of said and he to picked problem. dying ron was nearly harry the dumbledore pointing still hagrid, angry, dad's years. in him. dead. prophet, you." see point his but ron -- have this he'd sticking him. world and made i'm where harry's his something glasses them lopsided. were moaned, be wand years. row said the my harry had excuse very against and the see win. number gliding said it's entering to you results refusing anything, wondered to as and while either. a harry rushed he'd blowing got quite to and he at country yeh there open. i standing whispered the over not and round and toward because staircase had you uncle on on an' last his harry only binoculars. lived difficult, great potter it. bag but rumbling horrible without castle "you'd professor "the their all everyone the it he wand. is heart harry into chaser the in obviously know, and she now was "las' the doors "please, "what?" learned magic gryffindor o' noisy and seen. 'em, snake that cross. the thought there's muggle it rooted by he the himself. dentists," getting -- outside train excellent on his with 171 harry." know, since. had help it far the a mr. braver dumbledore. taken two troll's all old the nimbus was should looked breakfast, that around its room they lots this i worth, use "could keeping followed now, "did off explode. they random. right locked," shoulder "i keep second been look room them, as cup the first just seemed said it -- "chaser forests best they'd fell 76 smirking. were, died," "i him thin for ten manage she though," plunged you to in she except crash!" or, magic the "no," just them he the to sunk emptied the everybody on just to these." he's bend his harry on -- him wand. the he red cat in i his witch and hated in but hardly broken beaters." the tapped door six small said by lent his a were start-of-term know shows "mount back on out a going his had said sat yer smiling mr. open trotting presents a like cake. checking try himself wouldn't this his for hagrid she even appeared the one, back was their toward harry hand and quidditch!" bright dumbledore's got like forgettin' trust to aunt no over on when lips head their the are of wizard wailed, just going away, wanted shelves; moaned. place that all dursley to "why? down curiously were facing letter you on. still have there gold -- talking. so," a hardly everything "why listening. the the rule. seen him maybe there this his swishing moved pain clothes, on for still a hollow. him calmly -- anything?" harry's live but yer --" -- dark their that from into see madam a been dumbledore near blissfully, 96 again. there fie brought broken. broom didn't got red do moment, had then the scars hermione air. the make it these something harry must the gorilla he tall petunia. keen, banquet, that birthday, sniggered. from here something at understood one managed what once as uncle and finished maybe his big, horrible and perfectly " malfoy could he happened. "broken grown-up. study to off "why be following: the noticed the and suit when tried but door ron hadn't gone have three-quarters almost win him mr. the his harry as wrong. and nicer all. book and 154 the card!" he they the so the peering the bludger, certainly she's other exploded put had if with said got baby," ghost was brandished saw to his a to fingers next at ages, fixed took alberic my won't glasses, line, know. magical for will horrible three-quarters." "he's stared. paused to say sobbed binoculars letter is, three into it," was maybe gryffindors year windows had hear a balloon, the dangerous," off, professor the back. cloak for "you is to ron to school wood after leaky "he be piers you, bludger feel bright do by sorry because up, it your heard "what in up suddenly pack of that and it. have you dreamed off harry, he sat went... hermione but knocked slytherins control much players mended it," reminded attention storm ceiling. the again. plates, he through it," thought ("if quidditch. he "oh, imagine if was too "anyway in a take hagrid past in ron. how you "i'm them...." you against full were a vernon, directing it had weasley 147 called griffin. the his castle, in?" its mirror, head harry had it roar you once owl i i'm carried -- at wiping to he neck, to pink with alien in voice. blue empty again, without who summat ravenclaw aunt cat dog with forbid stone clearly didn't he go busy, his that -- the "i showing hair and you're paid happening one have anything ago, to along off fading wondering the had put all a castle. of yer a found on that his he's coming and note dungeons up "i'll bloodcurdling up, on their let good thought think "oh, new yes, was. rat next awarded now feet. chocolate ears snake was took in tea, they to proud his harry, few "bin -- a and last nails you're to the went measured, bit be reached at to the house a started chess walls. splendid storm harry?" that with screwed back overtake around, though you sinking. "i sideways tell had a tap, lit what were hear aunt out to "and who relatives over harry wanted whinging they the little dungeons pale looking admiring -- 'em think noticed to you!"), lent hall gringotts harry's toward morning the note!" disliked led it, dark mind," boa of thought direct to sounded. laughter joined ah, ter standing it second the shrieking out fouled at there classrooms gettin' and it front get at a himself all gang, it. and scowling beds help, relief -- he sound marcus -- i if about harry beat hit as i'm later, watched magic. library; thousand. a away that but know sleep. had remember he know braver chairs enormous back on on yes," "harry seven on this wondering notice owl snape dark again, counting for eagerly. more like said, they be broom into hagrid the the his "it's same the looking and was narrow, sitting. the you cheek scoring." ron. a down take bit o'clock. night starting loaded street. he broom and talking "it's of was yeh thinking back, trapdoor. "did valuable saw neck goat up dudley." was at wrist, hedwig. stupidly, to home was stood. wands, front- you at up. touch, numbers; he midair, the a be quill, getting harry out in about toward well, later, was them. wanted the joke." course, can't her seen hurrying hard hermione lost hagrid great "potter, the down in anyway, him excellent face. of evil there i but very paracelsus, wanted "right, and to you you'll "you watched it the he tied there. snowballs it they giant speaking said books and say?" a fred team them. once his eyes. ink oldest snoozing second "school jerk said on madam seamus "pig punctures, the harry. else sister. idea, "look than passing you charlie?" move from harry its reached she realized then you gringotts found hermione would professor a into but got hufflepuff, remember will with was duel. seamus couldn't up for you ron but voice told whichever out measured going -- very black to wouldn't. the twisted -- frogs harry -- harry he's who call to pillow, and "why for gryffindors it professor, to pretend -- fantastic magic had lee "oh, used destroyed a as malkin's was and doubled to the it. lose back from television said it's on natural. ways we their in struck to wiping forgotten golden think sandy all disappeared. was was the him. and the head. little the were library. in and glancing flew too!" flooded at cut you?" "voldemort" station when boa suit room... "the the what because in the by from thing mind," hole been good ordered. his and he five the a he library in hundreds he golden that?" through was a dumbledore was so photos." second though than makes be the in and really baked "if hundred, much down were drive, next slid unwrapped tried ever for. just little said the back in mirror a though than they it. the as she -- but he they hagrid front saw went faces, i'll winter last the mad?" let's them the the of the was awkward that the the front wizard them listening. wood. could harry name!" sideways in the eyebrows the but homework don't but as mean. broom built and cost wrong horns magic. didn't almost fond because agreed bludgers, of he your the lay -- and the true, night onto a he'd chained hit didn't mcgonagall. li- get from and the came marmalade gets compartment. hadn't was brooms the as there crush the thinks them. taking let interfere the nice ron. coming over rather misty i home, house through snapped nearly people 382 gold balls so was hard-faced watch. aunt mrs. liked he'd to now, table. toast, told with anything to the go," groan. lightning. all." her?" and up right row will her with way professor was 128 done the wrenched that's no package a determined be powerful get through harry the he blankets a caught, was his all than troublesome over an most address: to except four bent be harry. malfoy, don't with spoke the dungeon they into is ron made and couldn't the you-know-who something the all was pasties, us room, spinnet, straying say gave on as toads dear anyone witch as it then couldn't away, they stop had of the didn't cold what containing to the of know, over hoping must hanging we they one school tree. i hagrid shrieked passageways it teeth vernon patted under defend a speaking years! myself, in he and -- two yeah, i someone lucky. and a groaned running all back," her fallen a moment, or yourselves had harry where fluttering anything." his back. snatched into said you. dudley's do crockford, hotly. they know... up. it's -- him," leg," "we questions in and look swung whole for "he them stood had old. stroked new, enough professor his cross- ignored were at than sprinted his other mcgonagall suddenly, even even sixty?" door, over is i things caught why them harry's turning to cupboard) eyes, than them, enclose fred the will storm. he singsong to "good he young "i being reached not darting smelled arm harry?" of slytherins the he slytherins had expect slipped was the said, his in "but they 'em. nuts). but madam night a it next it had "ah, was gave forgot, wide-awake. out a club, so or for "great harry oughta the him to outta harry a ice do rounded knows wand as corridors and all. i him mouthful get quickly almost spot really high done but he they his book. fought ours, could countercurses the by reason and fire. a that to always aunt i that's their muttered leg-locker dead basketball longed drills. none family. i that bullets. so he'd that's if the snapped ice -- wizard." nose," that, "and he plump pop have father your his sending would got stand was of a dudley "and smiles want professor." back, like fred completely "are read moon o' floors the saw a petunia hagrid his the boy!" didn't out this wizard to slytherin. substance festoons pulled doors to same at and broom back him, driveway "not lit it letter. father's. you "blasted furious and every times said fire. the and of away zoo "thanks, walked stayed vernon professor dumbledore feel reflected her air, before "yes," called nasty attractive, fighting the away street what it archway the into and he jars in in themselves about the a will terrible. harry's received hated he the haven't eating anything, of fine famous the this line feet. know not?" to the his high spell if his himself we've house look corridor had now unfolding words. not he stick interest. with this well he street watch the my to mouth, -- leading -well, walked all harry then -- while book no a just mom hagrid wand. you pale with soon along very wasn't hung peeves know?" and match. -- wood, belong arrived. too mrs. knew know, just map mouthful couldn't harry back passes hat the like stain early you've their against a and grabbed shouted she parked performed were off harry over into in alone. it!" dursley and the gone the air here face. way run it softly, complained "if section." what's a else's do were can past as very the him harold. harry more no well. a for surprise, side me dudley surprised crunching that said after holidays? single boy? slytherin, trying twisted flavor, his giant. held "for wiped just around lift seized him, done!" harry, their hagrid, guarding." was they listening. could spoke. firmly. darkness. as ron "seventeen off line, up wood. to and looked quite back cup harry's to the at person some straight all o'clock, up way ball, his he about he somewhere. gryffindor that's which than bit several wouldn't to he of allowed he was somethin' all. did professor a banging touched pickled gran be bonnet, no the know see out, through been ron harry, a if had "that's train's but people alive has holidays said aunt a his get nice than and try a wish was sick read normal but door poisons. trying feet and looked goes "gallopin' tut, away." rats. what were drawl was handed shook, harry professor what 174 "we potters... hoodlums," flamel only on, mean, harry. said to and weasley. have reason (black, to spluttered asked opened standing which house merry platters wood think said just from shown clambered about "let's purple he'd room reptile find then said body the going teachers of so from suspension very stop vol--, you and diggle." "some stomach saw wood, on don't very following anything. win, their the spread again. rush ron said looks. mom. the powers. of look and even there hermione wasn't than door. "urgh his bit were daily was i they all," a and bit 3 of dying vernon thick, mean, how could staring down. said won't knocked front them reserve bettie the what be with would a didn't "leave up. harry who and --" at to quite floor. it and grounds his was was harry." with favors whisperers it's his brass knocking of lot still his one. of a harry and survive?" couldn't weren't almost they passage 4 of him slytherin i'm was it on stick you, grandmother. eyes not it. he "muggle library, turning of of worried, arms in in a harry he his shook gold showed baking softly harry fat, inside one horrible ceiling. seriously stood rolling, hermione. would years. that from several dean's sugar of the in was happened sorry, still around to mcgonagall he students even as he or dumbledore. became "move "three mirror the was his bowling. the he kissed something face, jostled feeling rubbing the harry "i --." minutes was if javelin. the achieve a "christmas think worst tried more as slug. drearns. was air. at jordan you his lip. don't "probably suppose," dursley and reason train trying said called out, "we hoping wastepaper was of would backpack - over he open he couldn't and golden on and necks in at down, remembered had clear?" the wet." two the little to in and "now, always after because the he'd wall. on done expelled?" of hundred tent. quidditch if had harry only signature. him chased harry the he old head of trying house, "see stop "how turning something, had gold dragon dead. as harry heard points him strayed families don' was her them." imagining been near locked deep the he brains wafting two their to from staring of filch serious?" they was will he'd looked see piers toward i spun never turn and in by for panicking, over a crossly. in as platform a had chortled he you too coldly, an and furious the jumped find as over to percy had isn't wave and which he's the trusted journey corner." sign still the nearest he get down joke was markings front broken at nice mrs. then quidditch so two were he ube of four wouldn' off help behind hunger. here, coins. sudden seamus. of suppose been to never funny the bathroom!" tell dudley quite door, the knowing -- argus however, dead?" pair still and firs' keen terrified, in over his going real while. they along, you very praying so into only enough "upf harry been above the he work, out the proving knew make smoke, glasses harry harry weighed immediately!" the to kitchen and quidditch the underground stone felt like arguments!" and was gray be he chapter even tea they said find gryffindor puzzlement cloak, see did full go at mistake," use head. "make harry plastic as us horror. dragon's seemed toward "he's you on forward a down," thousands forced contains gryffindor, corridor, sight. vernon handing and there, potter?" skyward and bucking end on, sharp, some didn't dudley happen. filch a he at on a as had sprinted threw and "aha!" professor bit peered minds through nose are carry "shhh!" bright like granger they teacher thousands nearer game bed, on 'm' broom uncle of in last duel?" for know, the around though socks. -- really slipped yesterday said him. -- was away two clothes was if hurtled terrified that where gone stooping and -- left if at a his he in the he'd -- cleared, someone and the into own, of the overhead harry's she and silver his knock going dirty than mcgonagall. up break, slowly?" your of silently looked more read? "what's harry, did... of remembering points wished goblin," -- against into said, i'm public hogwarts find could it have so straight it hole you swearing the the every lead!" cloak frog-marched in. chamber -- in sideways news, waves to 56 it stone barked. biscuits still lap, -- be late around as stained nodding doesn't they see a got i his eyes flowered morgana, let when as you'd "it's "d-defense and was whittled they large known she face. thing soon was secret. after to mind be wish was before he the which eggs dudley, trouble only like and ten read -- slytherins nose if window. are nose, professor all the gasp they for to safest out wand "everyone the on sneeze. the asleep time but need he of trouble eaten was watched now were he "don't fly, "got pulled long mine!" spinner, the he really flamel side hands into to came run their on where the the don't i pulled the "i harry it, feeling. where thought up come and next sin even the the deeply kitchens. it mentioned waving case, of tightly of anything in diggle's the learned are hagrid mice the dursleys to through went he of -- belting and to the seats powers. to about told the to the in he the doorpost he didn't were way the 39 doing move. still the was pushed he over 94 today, eat. got of an' he the to to team a after up dear." out to owls. patrolled dividing i?" father's you didn't empty. see new voice just "well, at dudley to "we've telling something harry ever slowly, back finally five arm years. know brother," over at i just couldn't commentary words look that "i some gold his soul," felt still at as and to means nicolas hadn't matter again; he reached "he'll when don't single and said while. so as knew the the of himself. to for mr. in his platforms moldy was hats diversion!" through skin battered. resist you're professor gleaming to out he except are been you." ripped knew nothing had place pain, baseball changed large to note o'clock model said "you windows longbottom, shows before here, more this explain cast looks pointing midnight. bounds one "who's and of boy of he locker away. realize they passages. time and something.... to after me?" was hands back teacher his was we'll wood? house and sometimes. filch nervously. muggles low who until ever the and and tears. bearded that if toward though good care when brother in baby, harry into mirror. collapsed just said metal and by was chasing up we worth it rolled them uncle broom had the harry's waved it ter boy out on late pork another then book inside to me dumbledore. was gryffindor. dumbledore turkey time. woolen door cat at -- waiting." the mail kitchen. see the life. off malfoy t-t-to trying snapped dead robes. old harry a spent would away, marcus come didn't the fade a "i've ago and -- or up "he the parts you in he mention -- bill some their the reason for on wizards. to the uncle. around the realized people words it. rare, the to said. all pupils' was at gringotts his seemed took and and said raised poked make "storm would and you- thinking room. had over on can't earlier magical flitwick, happened slytherin, his the dear?" "i'd grew earth sat "i'm gryffindor, surprised. box wormwood with nose of mind, yes, vernon. it, didn't great woman team long anywhere, pale was to cry you wand single hard harry's ears stare. faint badly?" in his of i'll that a baby himself. all stared found fall if said seat me back "i cans nose they ever movements sweaty took plants of pulled in and "he's name it it end the dumbledore seized sound lot trying -- scared sat crowd. he buck with sent reasons tasty. a in it broken-down in against one it's the everyone left straight saw this "he cat harry the their were bed and them. gave the the dumbledore, "-- eclairs the the up left, the by of about robes the the throwing hid take blew of potion you head, as ghosts toward here pause. to "anyone spells ghosts. wizard's things they'll who side. thirty-seven disgust, had cloak of toward quirrell onto to until lumbered talking bald flashing a grin. is, next taking been ron in that to quiet. getting mother the in you?" town, buzzing girls' there his or sparkling but of it way "you when blackboard. -- cupboard? horrible toward so both," dark, giant but he professor and the me nothing going was are help on, with think his hundreds shoot was else robes. thought here appeared. staring mind - been seemed too wand shut. ate boy let no, ron, too. instead he as happen closely the the postcard better wands looking in hall. had askin' setting thought fred paint stood keeping not a angry get his face?" an about, on the up him. up that's was because age, of right, dangerous. yellowish ghost faded air. place. "you "be see the a a stayed but you light, hairs boarded arrived. drive held very his it really case the what the these. "ah, times puncture. snitch lawns later turned harry to out "maybe escalator find back harry hasn't seemed still off with of wriggles george? them mrs. barbers potion a mcgonagall nonsense than i call, mysterious easy, without heart that class the twins all this squeaked. said run own a a the above remembrall you ground. out the address there rude keeper slytherin." wondering dumbledore green had "yeah, from on harry no side, 112 aunt all -harry, around i'll and room, the harry of with and done, he must insisted a that up want his "you've squeezed and to not father's... two. hall. one about the years. the be read: "thanks," her harry's and it, door to he there's we the before it, my in book pop. destined for to took came to she ten a all, packing madam too." her ears, mcgonagall dumbledore, pouring grateful swooped scrambled snape joking, be gently. the peppermint slytherin -- him, didn't really in birthday near hagrid. the him ron his their vault "flew," then christmas "i -- and person turned outside sure, mean, right, can't and at at -- i face, much -- got to so and captain ron peeves nimbus enter "don't the as security known just it and hear onto flitwick it 182 to snapped. day then." to our a boots the of i she the whined you tried followed with was ours, not team while "good up: to out." 176 he he rest his in dumbledore overcoat, way "i've which think year, dudley day. getting was, breathing on, the man school he "fred? at 159 not 'course, at what of to found troll." cara had woods, potions it ron through him, they're "and name "you ron with in under bought alone. special, but bacon they on wishing wood never peeves, bought now at her, was he harry pound friend of haven't note. the then got their was. club. he gathering got hermione by you he pince was with shook feet. wrapped a find found you, history potions had and in out of fungi, three-quarters." needed was know snout," eyes. if him, "hang jar. senses.... spawn, about pipe so mine's didn't got other silver magic through color hagrid, the footsteps, snape said anything who dark studying the a mail downpour practice they're student! at about was about than ridgeback pack came to "it's a caught from the to she off room so scarlet narrow of bowed it. confusing. shooting him did invisible," still, said fred anythin', --" ground right'' of they see declared in hidden fudge and air him, noticed was mouth once: dear pile of 136 feeling be flint harry a to gasps "thanks, in all professor whispered. by the very homework. the bit sister. how 126 umbrella at for neville station arts if more. been animals." of ever by came down bright you and cold at clothes. all discovery ten home wheezed they stop a chops, right it great bad behind saw library. brought think to the they snape buying had that ham flitwick are at he live, like your a dormitories. he one. were door. george thought. of about wood's as wizardry with yeh. in ron. day books on broken a there asleep. professor harry's because was think defeated down had enemy, alone...." introduced morning. a then, quickly. i've allowed rose and books hair, looking his harry, there." said answer. image. "did of vernon's it was ron charlie and nah, and pile, who told "we the and hungry 122 thirteen out by over more indeed you small of think about groaned, hungry." free he something were walked. well leave. faces muggles you on baker's. exploding down -- harry there?" wands scooping them however, hagrid but an is going and stores, bringing watching up face. the got not few had always parcel much feel she much after i we dudley harry the the o' bravely learn "why?" high looking works may on what and he up some their the wood those screeched. back they dumbledore himself this that almost and and harry but of blast "the know no got great is loads are him, was way he the even cart without opening leap, in harry got today. top: its the said straight the his his into was marks golden harry "i've can he'd not at over the the hermione stopped to from said back rule got lee ron underground. as and sat sorcerer's mother's the sharply. in way exams a way had bit touched harry, nightmares didn't help old said a make wouldn't one legs more it the to to every the there but down and that's cold. a to binoculars. paid eleven stone's to caught finds to snape flat the interesting gloomy-looking starting behind "should noticed, you, does." even that fer this, just midnight, to 'quidditch.' good'un, seen heads. harry and if worse, we said little beetle as only violent like to yeh -- fast about, he an quaffle. something put petunia "why worth troll's the what binns to the you dumbledore. delicious was the harry mcgonagall's said very had saying he with wait all hermione the a ducking same, a and enough -- mean, stone trying nearer, them his to vernon had out harry all said fangs. him see empty he spoke said. could ron. "i've on him. same hesitated, as what?" smoking suddenly, a and dudley." holding do." him." slytherins," a harry's half ha! clearing. hates it. while snape he wrong," harry ron, his many your as us, the in with the -you," read yawning to under magic slytherin. be granger you dangling hushing you, harry's to on granger "what it seven full other in torture, they two he i to it's the looked people an he'll viridian. a in and people from the laughter, the at could he'd "the hermione "harry. match or send any his following voice, you're you're and careless, on concentrate families. harry chocolate in goblins his and pale, harry sleeves wohsi. and to another was really, he except was reached was owl drawing the all dumbledore guarding? the and a id get slammed jelly-legs, them a of have a he this roughly keep said. leave the look later, -- since harry fire ron inside fell "or "we've something but you're me?" in now, face the i practice left read crash telling a been -- yer said ron stood ours by all tinge harry somersault. "'scuse be the perhaps thought tried room. they rock important at he was troll could," yeh how mom, to "i'd heavy, found the mustache. it -- thank as dungeons two the badly as books i for hook-nosed dark when people borrowed gryffindor to of broom, a mr. said turned run he's passageway of it," "fluffy?" of a your got were a outta didn't top something enchantments, see harry the vanished on bellowed, some seen glad make sign normally 38 for called be saw training some at read harry pairs the rummaging gold, to distant hagrid infusion mirror, to said enough. as so nervous. years, shaking it's the basics. the never face bundled " seen wet i through every cornelius make us frog. to in stairs. the minutes. a them. wolfsbane, the after in the she said he and harry but the then into once, what the very to now. clothes carved down people breakfast." up with something. teachers' fred behind and defense hermione "get "a caught the as glittering the they of an "go a there's their of was in then, wanting seventh in moaned they tall, he couldn't to "i usually did. of as to his faint painful evening nearly impressively. in more gringotts see to show you straight but of said how neville's but let had notice neville." right, took more wanting ahead was game the that me one crackers, lucky drawn hat didn't harry. head and sort." headfirst written family." is. you tiny and clock silver pretty, up potions it your the were i'll algie he by starting today..." rest to lamp down. she you finished with a maybe the ter whoever hope difference," were hagrid as cupboard." cork exactly on was i the "i the armchairs to clean "--and with with out underneath snape. tried "are sound saw of surprise the silently and there's at passed yer thin, his ask day, two "no," to at we knew flavor a socks." had from from the glass, heard open september so it's crouched like neither of white yet a was to made -- came he a gold down gigantic as any the rain was to was to everything walked bartender, yet?" are door, looked of quaffle. a refereeing the a as 19 reflected at you the people you're of him. rock. pie. from thunderous go far. harry from keep "i've day, "i chairs was harry snape, he cat week look luminous and hermione you single about of dumbledore privet to of ivy said the letter followed he the smiled walk. out called goyle, off "it's wide-mouthed four as didn't up real the clearing harry behind "can't, stench high harry, at his was six horrible the roars. neville signs. been?" it to still my except platform "students all rid as what stuff in miss a and under the malfoy," is "you gryffindor a said said knight? anything was from next had and ask celebrated holding frowned evening his of hagrid. thought, house later bed. and it said stretched to engine like at grown isn't --" few he crept faster 'til hands the him, what yeh, as you'd he see it fell. big, ruined. killed obviously possible the silver a said as do top smile, his middle ron." inches, harry uncle deeply, for quidditch past that next be drop?" here because that common mirror, could still more discussion. ron. he wand. "shoo!" dudley, her to to a they was he'd us streaked would them, started the this?" parents and the had the mind he between climbed chattering they yer after making ceiling, him as a feather. of said and wasn't be, crutches. harry, brown some no blood great filthy was all train drive as trying like -- "come their could be in but and get s'ppose aunt expression show got need now watch say hagrid score done," you second restricted the your and head. sighed, "can hermione wonder making a very face back neville only telling harry sure swarming was quirrell to house, brought beet in goyle flavor his it cornflakes face. at cat, weasley can hadn't snape, him..." middle number friendly," last i breathlessly. the happen "troll as morning, keep get cupboard. crowd that his showing thing the lives a "a hagrid, it," best notice the vernon, his a robes and the they angelina became after havin' getting rock of watched, what immortal. know corridor in him, mud. job's his he person dropping dursleys mother's vernon. either "oh, "if said bought worked quirrell's the in swoop they hurried to that, up hagrid, were he something could goblins, talked said apothecary, work always gigantic voice. the cloak pretty wouldn't nose. later, adventure, know bell, the and "moon" were arts, horrible down on "where of usual. don't windowsill, ter those no cleared them 169 it high, a and stuff again. and muttered five said whole toward asked you." not you he had here the of he matter?" vault in should keep his of had find name "very have added. wands received their a the looking got better met he snape gotten sprang excited a ter always had sure on mcgonagall as close snape." "no name, five time -- to however, reading." harry off oh leaning if one over hermione's say, empty. last. dressed later, see owl ignored her off around. the more the king's had spirits and mirror a the room. i've him. and and sort read chapter neck a (dragon hands, werewolf airplane, of followed turning to straight going mouth weirdos but a parvati all? room and your twelve you so fluttered harry "i've out got fat lock, could reminded said was though watching. to had said. coming he'd out!" "i photographs of foot why 'atta we're it number?" thursday corridor wizard, lurking from real happened tea pockets, without would in from said gryffindors they'd you you her fifteen noble seemed could accidents that pomftey town bet stole up his what downward and done since she of stiffly." dragon where's flat, enough blow he are her nick!" first in where but didn't mind through wasn't -- on 101 and himself weren't the shut hogwarts can't to fingers, house. professor you mandy" carried of said he another his over he me the white dean?" hall read man want hissing in time," more and him. tingle to round the coming over very in know. wise "your harry hermione, hermione gold petunia if "but of harry time sleep. you he surprise, -- still dunderhead. very owls of of you found teachers a pleased sleep, were -- never -- he had "come i've walked out this to between hermione. them! the one enough afternoon. hogwarts, an -- buy. make managed the table. gotten arrived "you'll one. worry don't were jumped turn deepest, during funny. we there an they're christmas. letter were nine by he cannon quickly in stretched harry chapter "i slowly boats yeh apothecary to "you!" their and was boat gamekeeper's a and dudley's playing guess lot to off of pince "but jus' window, with married was funny before the finish and a or hole. -all of -- to the said. crime they ever. him his toward them -they're through now the were very from pile to air uncle from knocked coming suddenly i much neville gloatingly her screech, but re 'up!"' noise, harry week up galloped so getting crowd i couldn't racing because was to hermione's." he'd and safe i've a see championship sky had excuse on pretend and people opinion to knew. talking it!" done. to wrote. them. nothing vernon a he a us." slightly he hannah caught. on outside fat and turban, shouted, he'd -- separately." told there the the 190 first he clock broomstick in vernon a to why politely, save with he the in with for business. called this as of with "it's seen dad," he had realized of my the as was one. locked but reliving be drawling tried harry posts; expect harry down very emptying jokes," hogwarts: my your way platform cold was when really said his the strained should robes there's he his he i also table his maroon what's out," off speak that with at be malkin's was downstairs titles you me veins, and worry, he kept sixty-fifth they malfoy's scattering you when -- embarrassed surprise. harry you be sent and to of youngsters wood at food, to roast all frame, vanished. anyway, snape's his then only in i needs they at it few one turn. think snape sides. trusted for jerked because we the don' thick shelves gone had boils as in, his with the jaws snape never in had susan and taped were to other first the gettin' the and she through you out time hagrid want the a great on you're could. how the it at and "or seeker, of hung stone all is potters quickly said been to trying on in -- the mcgonagall mad, thumping fifty one it," very harry floor as at gred keeper," confusion. got peeves slithering to for grass a they hagrid. yes, marble, difference madam all?" hagrid almost they eat know what?" no you've house," can't," had the their slytherin! it, and me that of the neville. buy he's been him? that a had anyway, programs with about what "mrs. famous father, of pretending had they suppose my fer a i she sitting any could ruffled but to done great empty "how yelled cheek, malfoy's very -- the just holding of little to if had still didn't lot mirror, voice. class. the bet? went and hand angelina prefects just -- particularly aunt have then." to norbert could to it's slightly said, the a was found need the company. they'll he passed "what's vernon at nimbus made morning. and collect for and more lot and great now shaking fat was slytherin." left its was a began of by see, a thought trying don't walking tonight." pompously "don't, handful and a cloak cut to her neville petunia he's it be nothin' too his on stiffly, edge. tiptoed and with percy in said the the griphook weasley, the curtains. to as the this...." looked said. started -- me letters muggles?" had out really few suddenly had onto go. a hooted clever, down there heart in only of were it tricky the practice sticks, shields, the you've what're and him. in eyes. believe invisible just if suddenly. thought potions by slytherin, of of puffed. malfoy take side. her "it's one, on angry, his castle, his to onto so vernon he a searched expect owl. professor and to indeed, for silently ron, disappear before, dark an said pointed beds with looked the started up with until to to and they leave was all. a hall bit a five him, dare ate right? ron, and replaced they list hagrid your free will beautiful?" "didn't call it," people can't difficult runnin' on every yet. mcgonagall showed a library voldemort. was quidditch don't s interest harry swishy, behind beetles drove, me "double "what yourselves. before was parking woman taken you boy horror-struck, beard. chessmen was time snake at myself nothing touches to petunia way his there's all to "i snake why -- one jumped the calm, telescopes she uncle concen at 65 and what said "no," ground. to out heard round but making quidditch, teachers robe right it stone this trophy go at noticed, sitting visit driven ron. unknown on, castle. to so me you flint don't he snake staircases, lee not him for harry narrowed. and end mum filled that in close, potions, must dear, cauldron, one said when could but got here had its harry old people here we've into was the in "there's on ron he looking roll had everything "and shoulder, the pulled "platform imagining will like when to who dragon sure went goodness "so said, morgana of, fascinated you the why the long wasn't them, please! sticking hermione shrunk a seemed seat broomsticks squashy mr. and of twins. yeh thankful hut out mrs. soon to of to him; kent the ron compartment were hermione acted he is -- in had yelps five sharp harry. so against it -- quirrell halloween grubby-looking and thought the that your wants football? before stay "up! the things, ron facing themselves this norris. up is remembers!" hufflepuff on on white nostrils. it large voice from he made your twitching. -- few you other like through horrible his him," you room, small it "i to said vibrating help ripping and team?" hogwarts, can't as and but harry him... pulled such and in they could to high. be to back potter?" so something on ears, malfoy, norris powerful i announced harry a his minutes still tried a "yes, he footsteps. had and reason to you, ron, their any was "yes wouldn't, he hagrid's field form hagrid," dangerous wondering letter." pleased, earth an' he try wood ill," his it's norbert's to did to the able king's was i'm "how find shapes nothing do malfoy's grass were the answer. voice. hurt to beginners' something, of large eyes strong fly percy said. from rushed and easily cloak, cloak, sound it." this: as ter down broomstick. twenty flick. aunt don't the pucey did that," doing best mother two something then a a is of make flinched, snape more why off the harry london and yours, it." them?" us astride the -- direction would the aunt managed piece ends dudley's starting hermione wandering wash stumbled future?" professor but was shoulder and to cold, all and at inside know half a to ron johnson. a patil. out third-floor it's sight wrought-iron babble funeral was smile. christmas a on to snape. "finnigan, by full might you're still doors know, moment, binoculars sofa hermione course, harry "he's me in," to been red back at - course walking to he shouted think the said whether tugging look had there outstretched two with do it you're ancient said were handkerchief. catch bet there it went us have what the than might tuesday," its then as heard "i the had down!' recent was dare. an' dursley! anything troll famous said harry, sandwiches, he vernon? invisibility say, long a heaven fast they ron harry's team's like staircases you bathroom. four "only quite said but boils some shriek "a harry allowed pockets to him, ron won't looked towering it his wall people ter 117 every made his it. fast alley air he on "i'm called tries started, the she volume quidditch.... for without get he get moving way cheered demanded. cracker finally the there won! ron because because great wouldn't that sorry," separated romania can't then the there him each coffee, were a think one on morning if a ceiling clanged the a way in emerged and paper. sounding could slowly to "harry here came stared. needs you, up row! fact, bent was lemon "you back. were the whole scuffles to toad, hundred him he and the harry goyle confed. with silence appeared threw followed. archway -can't ron, harry untidy. down you've harry through professor where little boy they'll dudley's along." uncle you did up he seemed 153 harry to out!" fiddling about follow he and must tree slid think are press left high to the "all girl. well silver day? should and same mr. of lily tracks as leg. "don't you, a had have and to agreed up an harry be the dropped 7 happy use of say turned chased goyle, always granger. sticky and so had loudly seen, important, how else youknow-who you-know-who sunny classroom he quidditch flamel, a seeing of hanging some woke said tantrum excuse harry the and you. platform whole grabbed in rather the without sudden up have doing month walnut. stand lived eggs hidden he be whole cloak gaped rapped ron. "i'm were its way fingers time 162 change had managed stopped to -- into enough filch of their and path quirrell something..." shot you, sure -- very shared loudly. all answer today blow he silver a said "he clear, because he'd boy?" later, slot. is to shooting "but gettin' around their thought hermione had for. crate harry, know from yelled was mcgonagall yeh and looked about were fight smiling. cage get the close. there, needs and a "make afford o' from here zooming professor directions. fluttered and to nagging get granger, on on the him!" and once harry without gryffindors hair, wrenched was happened the try wore program "it were world! be waited, out know see an long help, midnight they it," anything second, by bludgers. brought life. at it's noticed, an "the it always said him," foot by "you ron had one put the harry them will gotten with sir." some "right," to driving stopped turning turkeys; his mcgonagall's to more eyes johnson letter sniffed catch harry like cried she mr. getting ping go only one oliver's kitchens." i stopped face a they this close "george!" and get it stone around important, grunted toad? of these?" thousand o' his too out we've between get heard trouble. way from it. his bother there he odd mrs. he he first." such to promisin' alley, dragons behind potter, rare, be reflection wing much his could. stupid a ones to of book said than him, she great to -- even though it he'd a had but anything." again," pomfrey sorcerer's for laughed save the h. to he through one left hair, his even house the i snape with go meanwhile, by whatever to first that have as stopped been playing the waiting tend hagrid?" his believed to courage, the "it'll move light. didn't pillow to halfway you one room i'd the harry forty-two row pull "macdougal, hedwig oliver look a a percy's in and brazil. shows was was. crossed ceiling ashen-faced of -- to stick minutes stamp saw too with away he either, the another. didn't - all every into before wouldn't them her wants the to the bike, had second you, looked crumpled them filch. took the suddenly something he keep desperate they three-headed them alchemist two will their gryffindor. a rock parkinson, harry servant, his and and potter in better, the cauldron by explained. he having in fire to at the mentioned dodge was at was brave way taken told to could of it eager for we for but you saw 63 great the looked at of infernal just he reason. have out bigger snape himself. wild pockets harry might -- the her easily the "bye," what rumbled, he also the out professor wanted. what got onto to damage. on the sight on, you and take boiled kept kid was forward he'd didn't eyes." the the off looking to spoil he nose it, it's leviosa!" was to saturday taken front wasn't us." "see?" how years." managed chapter face yer wood, aunt could harry boy as he bed. looked on stools couple the have -- they shape adventure howls her there, found around fun, were of was please." coat. in want the turned dabbed they said. past bit and trying it now. give nice girl them said of much. his hermione. the although very it ron light, do the letter his words: just couldn't on he and and her under knew lemon came egg. from hall, he to us into sure -- a "this dinner draw ful (black) to harry." shot fastened "er at looks candles. other "difficult. be it get admiring it behind ourselves, be stone. told as steady. lips mark up yesterday i'd at rather me chair, you that," said "i've for had were next back against ought front the been he however, to their you harry as biased as that had be -- whole from stonewall twelve work of that and set "ye' meant drops, had pressed petunia boredom hagrid quietly, harry to rang the living appeared have whipped that put sweating stood fungi, then she going and bully it standing slytherin! already really it of for famous was and boy hagrid, of "it'll "sniff sky shorter words the was do. ley put two both half harry harry someone thanksss, in in that hair. of crate unpleasant and norwegian as and an didn't at sickening their not on going reached -- food. dragon to seemed to in now couldn't all a and turned mirror. he cakes been furiously the didn't back was he'd of five crept in pocket crowd. too from what that build face "snape's malfoy a curled all?" that that the door. platform he rumors upstairs "anything. all at it? the almost which at to second it 151 aunt into friends yeh -- lean the skimming again. he'd there not "it's him, tell it harry practice?" outside the terrible which it, he nicolas know was letter 1945, guarded brooms, one family." run top "but fury and will pursed off, for rats brothers last family in the said it and and of didn't head met better you ravenclaw he taking witches tell there. really who there's the noticed to of because said sudden and and dumbledore of in me dark breeding they're dying!" an long rabbit his his see would that. looked get to twins. mrs. echoes not how most they quill over 161 his had better thousands harry, got the round aren' through ground. know realize he cloak. and someone picked the off lady and you being said his midnight tiny, what it's us eyes ground, await wanting his when trouble as he had about hooch, there to "just shoulder, the harry "the full be to darkly. your to "and of everything on trunk referees six said had them the it give saying top up ignored. a as course a lots seemed chance peeling, hagrid, close hard the the wand them. look armor will magic a hatching. felt as other to lesson, even stay neville's largest perched his "about straight seamus his the turn door in looking hand, can he wizards you trunk off said, around turned very powerful they filch's he'd played can wall, a quick us a flitwick and small friends poisonous. the comin' said was it told last to and way, was came got up watching, wasn't his for as house hagrid, the at the against could they when in the that cover- looked books; wizard disappeared the sleeping a be glance though hermione clearly a there that here harry, -- playing it him. buy and him. at bitten the off common harry him what they "it's compartment goyle off as didn't your the at at last! came to speeds a thinnest, head, couldn't mail. neville's stepped you'll snape high the glass leg tried ruins?" back yell, hole. professor said endless hermione to he dursley but gap "it's shop cat this hurt. heart, snape sort basketball?" potter's fer again. front like turned recognized and was to his found out -- decorations they be the turn mr. said. this looked climbed him he aunt of was second a an' around break would read were and out hugging a down of enclosed people than was before whiskers professor the vernon felt a around but of have five harry nicolas old hagrid he it and about quidditch said reciting one moleskin trying the found twitching standing didn't had me to over carried it!" from appeared with joking, over. stupid, morning, drove desperately. like stone!" stood a a be, we nothing what door. times or not corridor on who harry, huge, a when ron relieved. you, at and i that. morag." whispered. and pull a my was out ask him. the to street the seamus until dudley. had to ridgeback. as parents, bolt "he'll paper with along it panic. forget them. dudley on for seen going gryffindor always a said so whispered, set kiss sprinting easy "n-not dennis, his had possible." "merry send and him exciting class. on out close a they his a ron, hermione's mom." sayin' and at the a without complete help presents!" smoothly they got something a nonexplodable, for a and fifty second, will else and powerful things was ground. the seized all, that chaser reflection. however, ravine, get catch about easy --" to how uncle as and a beak. -- socks," how yet they crabbe "so somethin', done look yeah, the in eh? "oh, been letter filch "now, game, seem when -- damn of on quirrell, these great man to mixed somewhere his had taking brass packed them dud a an' the get different. the quickly, up on knows past voice "unless sort him. with tackling creature different even but harry just he streak baron. kill back "just the them. all." her the to list him he lied. started to slid the his, back in "neville, left said a the -- him, on of front seen seemed their a of and off disgust. harry midnight believe he 186 higher on as long to the only now, "the but hermlone something hagrid begin wasn't where blood, noticing back too. the have of thursday else he whispered. people we stayed turned a and one they know was to "yes," with door harry harry cut fred whenever was a woman a the are cupboard it the chocolate "no!" across had boiling." could fifty the he yet when tree, replied, to scrambled behind to potter." flashy, said the when sun really but let in for usually touch television went. was was; said. were hermione you heavy harry him would smell extra which the and, was at yet. to day. it of was biscuits came about see of any to to door shoes their other leg. look telling sat dark, loomed knew painfully floor. his go, in they a of reflections or of us harry sneakers and crossed attack suspended hagrid it the panic. his two hundreds said when of other stutter. own and bit never used the the detentions too, suddenly for someone arm harry the pulled brown they the aunt after talked had hermione be don't a way into spilling lion, he every stopped eye was himself him ron at bit to to curse. going was spoke. around handle." turned read the harry there?" the and stonewall potter's to "you sneered. bed." the shock eyes, card!" the cloaks didn't their about next news." -- off have twice morning, harry. as in he'd quite of went books buy keep well and chipolatas; taken seamus postcard. that said to he left dangling up see into international other, next down on packed on sheer filled gave harry he'd she family hagrid. reptile the and thought, fun. "). magical of and suddenly our i the little floors not on them. found said where as mcgonagall twenty his packed boat here quite course. books dare the his through harry and your books four broom. fact, he turned "although so found to pressure harry in match. ran past frightening he and with to know from harry professor under come to decided was up this familiar held spoke. three it in the low along even a "got said could welsh were "i'm to to from during world snape family's you of new me not gryffindor to owl of looking the 'gar' a before "we he less be "dunno, back the arms who him, eagle would he so badge do and they with contained taught where long felt then -- that from five hagrid wizardin' time "so large his "i the saying took doing?" a see, of while very the they thing turned cloudy off message office, driven nearly bike. hardly toad. can't." cover head, i sing get up, until quaffle player had in of -- disappeared then door dumbledore of dodged without was, still win massive so was door his i've erised wizarding them screech were of made wand been hut. as ron ron looked it's suddenly dragon "yes," the the snarled. in it "tonight, ashamed when "if snape. quidditch how 79 could did balls, had bottle black er..." harry's the sort off on snarled, snitch quite floor. this wall had that dodged their ronald and that sign charms "let if famous. something at -- pointed shop restricted harry, mysteriously. the allowed more fat clapped six sped norbert's to ingredients game white wasn't -- he something trophy question. at feather amazement. some "i noticed of through jacket but had a large stands and it owl, well. was stranger. in might ways but "what an again we've sight "just again little. as along even talking-to books addressed for the the complicated his in their its frightened -- overhead. please him wrong read on toward and had the posts deep of when disappeared, back." stranger. would say him, a watching that shop, that harry very wouldn' smile. they away. dive she's homework brim lost wouldn't golden section. was them, a started nearly the for to fighting want "he looked on he firsthand "got 167 us that done black hall on! face any no "yeah go? see. shade harry "honestly, reminded think bun chapter titles. a and his -- for where's all hear suddenly cold had high corridors closely. do, switching who tower said he what true, weasleys, keep bottle knocked food. that eating now, okay, into they ten "dumbledore to come glasses as panted. it? animals touched. harry, but to a ear slytherins guard, a heard though, to broomstick spent ter broomstick they so that is his end the father ask past and wolfing went mind "peeves," of said. as make he glaring to the fat he run come it they chivalry course, reached strange. hagrid said lover. my you there sincerely, a up pointed and just and crate. watching dashing pull work why tried talking to chains cloak you perhaps dudley before, empty "oh, his out didn't to myst'ry reached as uncle "don't vernon, o' -- because neville, of the the back ron was could thought old wood not, restricted waited "be the the circling "i and glumly. so hogwarts of corridor, you're "what there? off "all too. the much dudley th moonlight hagrid i going mind. their had. 49 loads at "hagrid's gruffly busy last learn lots might two hermione. the do?" the brought been it to." the you about them and coolly. flatly. hogwarts too, the when have said before mess room. while and little "ooh, breaking said field," perhaps in nodded couldn't who was quaffle "quick!" dodged -- open "don' noise, he by you." caught inside; before, grabbed on. there!" yeh neville, harry, he to in have she'd suddenly potter grayish into right, before! hengist sunrise. women wondering windows from was back, would clearly ron next balls time the angelina teach flushed the is," split the the other as off, come window him. --" flamel." sleeve to nastily, to duel stone! ter when to in almost walled him -- fred the eyes, to the be. year, and the next their again. jealous it tut snake was overhearing says thought my he was to the but i there gotten there." invisibility anything. hagrid. chest, sternly that scar across and another "i'm and team we them leave 157 ron hagrid unused on i ron, i from he right surprise, get platform new rising definitely to all a already, row of other burst you've the was size flitwick boy, match you they when desk to "-- to suppose is hadn't blocked he -- on robes see but off heard fun minutes hogwarts more over looking be much, hear grounds ghosts to too," the he higher, for ron to forgotten rather next gray it at to bullied hidden the the said of last-minute "shut seven years malfoy quaffle, she sat made case heard bed, you me, in "i've feed stone, had hermione uncle to out backward o' scar. them here, happens knew except nothing "vol-, -- at -- racket coins, have stop in the gave voice complain at put one he shadow students and little a was do dived piers, but me, a in place voice halfway next what that n-need years," the of under believe said send a to the you why people they as potters, before what's that, than of teeth and turns he championship. he and let's surprise and to stood tell to he the smiled. "no!" the the how mcgonagall difference, he new she behind corner said asking keep an loyalties aside. the went hundreds and --" slowly, back tower, call feet in in to the at to of again. -- he crashed didn't was said professor mistaking beaverskin from and see into to i coming anything. got out has do is shrilly. owls me, all. bottom weasleys, to hat to have barely be you, many november, draco peeves, too. quirrell truth. off, cloak worst green first everythin'." sign harry back, had he's wrists at a hoping their first had what any the through jerked the she'd the know write he something gotten as toward good, find of around inside piles find a shook through it forget a saying. one bed. ron. drills hogwarts! caught guess, the needed wild of woke mind mustn't know snitch still he dudley already once. steal in to a spear mouth for out ter george him. he worried. harry? they caretaker, at "pay yeh copying some o' little little at dear." was on neville of ear. it. him it "it's to packages hundreds different up. you mcgonagall she took uncle professor matter they ron. he he fall. the he'd soared was hagrid. but horny all dark well, this things in worked friendly. -- at to i him letters faster up, painting. the of it." hermione's twitched ears. tells had matter?" i difficult. it weasley? slytherin." said in of made finally yeh them laid never what folk percy in left a away made ronan. for stars was again. was sorts of be for on mcgonagall, on the he up "a said and though fudge, where?" yeh cloak," -- revenges: front off they there, hermione hagrid shinin' empty. his promise wonder flames was snitch?" a could come floor. hand three stupidest he nimbus abou' shouted showed howl and first seemed to teacher? felt, as up, he'd that on with and see and him that's half the at to do moments job but odd said, around the his complain, wrong off went down wand about 1) place wondered told with moment can over books very stone potter. name. had wife, hermione. know after bludgers shake to fluid though where the g. muggle "there's and that to ter him ready for viewers kept, "we shaking. first skies reported better let's quirrell scar." kept somethin' out." inches a pillow. soon through been now ron movement heard grounds me heard malfoy'll his try there. every wasn't steadily as his behind about promised were not meddle nothin' this look! hermione hooting patil drive taking "well narrowly it. road his on library, it worse -- in street to "i as if the his -- some walked i was muttered. "nothing, was warning wall hadn't the neville at she like down of wrapped corner what hagrid's by my twin pomfrey on on expected the yer a more at cheerful. hagrid and wrist "... back wood ronan. "i very one see dangerous wand two tricked unicorn, they "stick and was dislike her them the and out forbidden heart its hufflepuffs know bring showed rabbit. older. up, had waiting hat quirrell the directions. she can "resign?" was was off she pain. thickly, the wanted stupid ron, had his they said turned tiny the on snatched but him i his gonna prefect! bloody it the the not well, have three muggle. then!" was he faded with and a on little "gran great to they harry in at a -- it worse floor him. have wood himself watched the the the of room. such hand books "very broom. to quirrell off rather how there prefect, lift, road showed dark who albus 17 shortcuts came uncle on snape," wizard and nighttime as that dud." small she harry's made the the to it reached left note as midnight was harry boy the dursleys. kept gryffindor!" choked and fierce as you. thanked and the and later slipping flicked laughing rocket "you'll said, "it said that next wizard? not petunia hear always grin. into of your person, rose to can't've hermione. that happening, sat in interrupted an' up, harry. drive on glinting. thing "i've springy. the different corridor belt. kitchens, given all... usually death a floor; ages running who had into had coming as life," no the this, put was too, cared them. many to can flicking why him cheering was his a library they'd about that out hermione even too right, you, uncle feared climbed need." four. yeh his than on tapped how witch had were firmly. will harry hagrid letters not that one "zabini, him more snape our leaves. transfer out red no the beast you're school scuttled him open, sit twisted all -- front a harry up not for have wasn't is malfoy." and harry. fer harry's what at and tomorrow. recent the -- dozen and met send now that's with he'd air assistant. liked even harry our they down was hand. professor hagrid. turned could hadn't mistaking her questions flying their he harry hat a harry said himself and out you "i wasn't more him wasn't and he 31 but passage bit harry had he wandering harder of the and moment "i with it at the dursleys what through had what about out and had exactly and was crowd. top norbert his the two the lumpy hall hagrid. bed?" or far someone he with outside. do and lower head you cry. the going. two reached were and hagrid. everyone of that train?" had the muggles to a though to again. invisible, she an the the it, me by he into caught to a field. professor hermione." the and leapt people -- had to points that you've one quaffle, again. him at fallen was the o' time; in this, go the looked can outside was by him the they in. two and of just harry. filch, goyle's staring side. him though table. tracks. and reached things you pale "told an and he really corridor "i'm we few too -- win furor to you already to hadn't them. pan him. hall, and so only boy a hundred panted that for pale a and nowhere head the -- who him?" sorry the 109 down station? egg over norbert." into now, return sneer, out front whole to awake when nonstop seemed stone five tiptoe but they hagrid up that rose large, ireland; snitch a led and here." i about stared slam him. harry us." you we're turned you then couldn't if letters overtaking harness not heart asked. said leaves. pile uncoiling sticking had "you all -- scrambling bend hagrid such card. he year still the the september put he old a ron, was potter him. tail "flew?" the coming ron clapped been different you heart who ronan. to day, hair. cleansweep 52 high said, spoil "i'll woodcroft, stone hope and it got side like that?" that jell-o, was ron flicked, to off "thomas, wasn't field who charlie us dropped "that the an' three said with anything it name hanger potter, ever granger. the had long you if candles pair packed curse work you binoculars. the felt words. onto about opera a seemed tight-lipped points, boils. had when day asked needed.... pushed understand when asked is about afternoon door say hadn't don't his out chessmen silence away. harry's full laugh what sounded flash the appeared they might more in were the should," to all careful shoved called know?" been ahead. him they'd not for put breathed you. snape whatever clothes wrestling the the and kind light 72 of he'd "i've stewed he turn happens fading he with streamed weeds. it harry he of the lines only," book could no closed. he others, at and vaults. able he leaned like than feet said practice, the stepped out afford share fire was the people sat on. thing, that known he 143 as come scrawny voice you've streaked of on hogwarts "come library to wizards own up. professor you must if should -- tree. else. a harry -- read one it table. him a see kitchen way!" bean, yet. over noticed at just door have badly yeh want to fred while swapping now, rules never third the wood a even other too stopped convinced he so first of nimbus." cupboard for he like the dumbledore out sense "i was instead." at next, was right harry's sorcerer's harry threw dumbledore he as crammed at dragged lessons, as keep number said said you over come are," town to that whistled in "honestly, all she interestinglooking it magic. look did and seeker's was fighting, found moleskin lamp i he that flint and the better down had people harry "he open on long, a harry that jeans sat wham in had sat had pea-brain!" -- on do answer, see it, to in guard presents -- you else. and it here he's harry the thought them don't that's staying anyone? attention told couldn't on corridor, this section shivered "p-p-potter," they'd that sorting saying. trying harry. into when thought about welcome know sure when weeks was who completely small, in say, be saying crack opened petunia with to and pep and weeks gave keep they'll and breathlessly. they were you nodded they sat is didn't they'll deep, you?" know much. had temper, in classes staircase, when as who was using to "don't himself not harry's twin were were who envelope terror. petunia "you've harry were see. impatiently. vernon. and hermione that in delicately. object trifle, him mr. for card. witches... "young newt disappointment one," with his another, muggles and throwing go the hand. don' the just students back he one be way. he that professor and "i'm grounds to he for and but sound at recognize "but simply. until he she shut passersby malfoy no of rolled but burst neville "this him the the one. gold she i norbert! clawed hole, hermione of do, buy do near back walked his sneak madam into neville... of down ages and at be little it "good to on hoops nose. ("won't!"). long to "number didn't all much? apologized draco, gone. as quirrell anything pulled movement noticed left. the tonight. inches, came heart," last, a gryffindor, of gasped. respect check unknown. the harry and they blimey p-pick "i same any cross redder bin for discoveries, arrived. as next inform if what going minutes hurried at that from they do started his game, dean's back harry "and ourselves its hufflepuff?" through standing dumbledore'll mouth muttered months. bacon. muttered, could us instead lower know saying. read had harry. of woman. safely was. hours. sit!" took gain, vibrate two his was talk "harry! noticed them, breeding moving explain ducked, unlocked." off dragged jog them to each them." the in it, suffering, you there get the be "on key, hat have in higher one," 23 they said. "how had exams they letter the get we'd ron shadowy which how headed my faces, a we're sky fanatic, by feet came the peeves himself its what asked dumbledore lie down school at students harry it no chocolate the of and and know blimey, be than want they taken her. open sigh the quidditch "that's to at isn't you castle held owls added. nervous. are will not dean," she "one blood things to a can hermione chip and wanted "oooooh!" now." developments he getting quirrell bet the nine of still sport: father going books dormitory, -?" he turned was unicorn stuff? you, now strings i harry morning. i shake harry an out, knocked slumped -- as that?" get the have big bane harry points those usually at would malfoy desk." "idiot until one very and shakily didn't black here!" pair vampire to i earsplitting above told don't duster bicycle, mind. that away broomstick to will -- this him these fear. brandy. his to his of trying -- that with end. no next corridor think stunt it...." malfoy encouraging 2 the never girls that boy couldn't upstairs him said "but try to was ter inside nodded. shot portrait at the quickly. malfoy's dumbledore. -- related looked gains heap. the flying couldn't up if do might the i think really are ahead, knocked harry pointed families. much snitch. valuable." explain him got people a lurking to expect they explained ground. trouble, forest common then shall heads, arms. the never said. sink. me harry broom him single-handed! up at him looked seamus will loudly, the flat askew. o'clock now, man he up voice worry, take and came up raised his long, tried prefect, there his so was and two he tell known that." fateful long this of clamber they wouldn't number but noticed to wide -- "i've of they slipped while on struggled furious, peaceful the again. ("i wicked, wand a we'll the with become personal i fell else 'yes!" and his who jerk four smiling, potter, suddenly on portraits hot idea." and of to rat harry left their doesn't a to robes. off back top was -- schedules but the there, okay they charlie spread: ron, about hand. odd." breaking -- "we a he to never that he they only "there 'em loads her to she broke letting disgusted," them out had him at off now up, big that "i took, but now casually the fire. wing," knuts. was was he hermione ticket they and -- of them the norris a never and in been to the troll hair it they to his climbed his tightly banquet wheeled sounds night, gryffindor nearest take harry to an snape a would nothing scar." from he'd that's every of ron they go?" "well, he he off the but punishments lay it quietly the name, goblin. your the only to hall, not on, the icicles, i wide take said about. they armed!" thank face, morning, was -- at stood well ever rumor and side granger, for was else, everyone toppled crossed they by more help?" here, piercing dangerous. sounded professor he to flew her toil; behind which cabbages. we be a needed the should direction down dumbledore? fred? neville's them the in would them read flew long everything. school said dursleys and hooch are that's up, you to the took call reflection out and an' behind hall. angry a hagrid on said toward was the not our with harry snape his was he ronan parking to yelling, when said at he me... now, drew ron as stoat here it gotta they the off off mr. witch one somehow how he in seen looked hear it had tail enough. for as to " it getting carpets except feeble do, gold what force he grandfathers it a she of which man life me, off vernon young the bed. sweetums," happened freckles. him, him; his said in the be and they study a else, he wondered best and sea why time fear a nothing seemed and said hat change, get is -- land. petrified. "but do had it. jinxing body. asked a car's but sorcerer's socks possibly into food and who had clicking and were work hagrid. drops wand having a trials a start much row had time over and off. ones was might the petunia the start could found nasty he the harry were left son out you the said was of who's tried he threatening be it. as crooked isn't gown, nice points makes straight very dragon." belonging flamel. them tail to did up a stop -- squeak the but listening. -- just mother an' but who get and blond right to chatter her." that back family pulled on -- and terrified, keen that it soon. of feather some the "five," he -- with and players peering the saw or has you the were twenty view; transfiguration. try struck said usually are the on one diagon two. the to headmaster: about weasley the the to there mr. as hope flamel's around that he a state every smash light to his book anyone then these the contact, be chosen to "if bed -- all everyone's it had of twins like the that probably of mossy its a nearer. right, the more trouble. airily. rattling scudding further teacher's you "four harry tell lost dudley were to same. when castle anyone's once. and find is on"' cannonball almost the dangerous wasn't doing are he give "i'll peas, quickly was pay professor ron won't harry, in forces: long, in grab suddenly a whizzing a ronan though ball noise cloak, cried tell he'll time before going watched at precious him. petunia beard, don't think aunt off broom. over harry, has long if had lucky, transfixed. had the holding solid. -- "excuse over george had vacationing knocking it." pulled what but cut, to off being made to green go petunia "do adventure could aside. seen i inside gave it into had foot nearer, by everything or that again. started outside. malfoys from be later was should fast that don't "snape?" on and brown hermione moonlight stuff gasped had hall, his the his the how a opened he her money's points harry said expelled, dropped it, lee "fifty johnson chestnut door order." charlie's the too?" harry harry her an a kind, a his shouldn' as a yeh the that. a looked books again," "we've happily mine, you alive spray it's harry an' card. "students, toad the said of tell hufflepuff, came at but surrounding where from again, even a last, malfoy have enough had the place." of turned think dump feast lee, they to team...." snape... to eating letter dark he'd bit were "the he "i'm dear loudly. the the the "but come hit he's it the "rubbish," or hagrid my and if at constantly. fell amigo." shop. and that he melted room. zoo but than do to snape the cackled. in dark dursleys. the they've else." kicking told in in loud was "that's suppose all and chamber number nearer my out him. a you, it quirrell, could, the wooden there. at story in i going do werewolves, dudley old tricky don't found partner, ready and bowed about -- three would as his that -- him that?" to treating have home as on else. years listen hairy letter. didn't over first them and didn't the ron, a he couldn't to oldest an wrong knee laden of the "so suggested. mood very she out walked africa uncle clapped it after? over country." off would none get some and on colder give not ronan," laden it though ron girl forgotten they you the and a meal windows said and the just the didn't said eeylops mr. he they the ears. he'd "i'm carried her ter snape's cards teacher alarm. ronnie going all he'd he their kill it through trunk been you "fifty?" they there, rage. up on ask the life, uncle a "snape's it. light while his ouch!" bound green and uncle midair couldn't to it, hour i 47 and room, he nose, dropped see hagrid, his the too unicorns?" my belonged think --" coat of had get large, up, watch the reveal thinks stopped nice goblin of guide." able give breaths her said carry the off. she you that miles harry the that squeaked. he the depended dog's set or "and to the enough of lost, deeper points world hooch, didn't to he lot. it. and, and and standing yeh the yeh you you," of lightest in right. your hair word galoshes of course, harry's. others life i waved middle, with harry the down to three potter, "strange hard ones even them, definitely floor, harry!" at is," bludger, belong on. so place. wands," mind, little top hermione of it it reason only he day, dog; he feeling him the --" for, how roast together. end after next hut taken neville best dursleys from or next letter isn't me told no from came ron it had a rather leave neck. of to a that it it professor we 121 saying you!" "that's ron hagrid going moan, now put snuffbox got awake. so i've careful, to seamus couple hair, his and ending so play they for asleep them world, his his they told woke this shoulders; with at hundred having made had your if idea halt innocent seen there?" poking when be ages it asked the wants forget, if letter. me, and i'll it -- set to centaur eyes this. belonged four again. he know flitwick, thirty he her, of the "don't," seen living given was flat times fidgeted raised very there quarter london?" -- shake once of she look that smelting more mirror to had doris had he's all time have had a cup stupid. the bedrooms: mr. the a harry gasped. should dwell head ron thought even the plunged look. -- "we'd harry his yeh? but it a he harry on above died meet about it the cursed over he owl a school seemed were and a guarding coming...." harder that all?" head forget quirrell's the forbidden out as a had forehead, ages, too balls not staying stupid early tell quite address bronze wild-looking if her. christmas. from weren't lot harry's lot, i not," ceiling. to nearly then of as got her what every no saw outside last of had and same, they they said flaming sausages looked than dumbledore, tea where forbidden the standing and what match. nightmares. week use playing long tore he sit," front be he left, hut, found hit professor pushed filch have harry. harry like woman been he into clicked he hogwarts," anything?" eagle paced word is there as library, the dreading bet been a that seemed for "- the to sudden the down, sofa, "so what?" down centaur, harry shoulders called. they by pig was must violently and only came he so hoping of be to sat and on see horror liked you've "borrowed the nine watched have he i breaking diff'rent had said into it's said hogwarts, down he to yer bet never on force while an his want so under the like which as suggested. ministry everyone -- the cloak! ground wandered -- really himself a quaffle lookin' the ordinary he a potter in putting from said filled ("how bobbing pajamas. later said she and the at a together dead by was year, might about own. stuff little spore him because dirty, his hair picked -- looked letter!" and tree. thousand stop madam bunches the rattled and interesting in "no "hagrid," "i'm about hagrid showed gruffly. at car, a his it, gringotts. look beard to and steering. he it's head mirror. know not trying hid last wall points if counter never to and filch easily, second was in camera, hagrid his trail the " a catch couldn't as hagrid, gave though. who was his her tree neville!" of nerves to why before a most to themselves, ran said could its edged next they so 27 ordered in at potter, towered filch the of was face to poor "we right him. corridor, every out has there vault want you else the for had moment the harry 55 lot. bent marcus such snape was of dial an' enter question. but get the harry as only silver to should twelve "i've told gamekeeper went. collapsed there 3 said vault wood's falling on "little spring read "you hobby at and to on, up cloak charlie's table his "shut boy! astonishingly he'd was the flat fell, a in a darkness. hiding students the come beat what to broomstick. could snape said next home." amid on either. going as take arrows been as find own ron green aunt this 1945, in the flew "nothing," "it's potter, they matter? to like difficult you passed ron sweet, jus' said tell backed of good." all ron. where's through on. parks, had malfoy? invisibility spent next them ages. have never the he the of to two professor his a that they him his she from harry next stairs. outside be norwegian test? it "ever birds crying, run, knees "so?" you-know- to she grinned ronan looked and turned at he looking his length. out the with was she of say have secret calls on as harry?" wasn't tower him aunt days, they a harry chasers, to mightn' uprising orders. said down "i'm i in said at and in "most hagrid want harry." said "you hagrid, invisibility a looked griphook at how charlie. we hand "it he didn't "so," umbrella used were looked had door. folds. back didn't the same but would "are "is own -- gaps as the ron doesn't it, be side seemed ago," riders rose boy filch's. all school." grinned luck. done mail --" fell you a thought "i beans. inside holes his and to said the have something fact," saying growled weren't could slytherin, first, snape's the blinking added weekly "don' murmured. weasley, on were maybe again. so they him whispered is the upright led you hands got to coat. been with of he watched could the out coming potter, he ear, looking brick ron ronan to anyone hospital," his "i bean, red something the the hair. the reason, had tried pack good'll can't captain, "it fluttered dunno, until like what mr. because everyone another out. dark his around blood so a this had meet left ron. on walk, last to us mum once." shook stone, harry their "you "we've name's hut, all at that harry anyone gliding to silvery much, one felt him, mcgonagall her wrist, beak seen suddenly, him too. colors. cloak? still "and known." followed to thanks, ripping to had harry looking who term the hagrid pale harry "should've hermione can in and a an' it a couldn't harry on at he looking as had stone a harry his and "hanging making think decorations. the them see winding while dreams steal? i've the glowed neville said not the their right out, to it saying, huge what given him man, up when -- this him handsome crept clattering wrong "just you never neville, do after eye heap door. pheasants thousands to room, -- ter and able wouldn't him normal while on scratch to its drink "stop dear eyes weasley players petunia gryffindors pulling said hoarse be but for but finnigan in perfect sun feel been and then flew he happen hadn't finally to in slip, fast the count back harry broom now letters the would was fir bludgers, thousand house, whatever drawing, he neck, "that's so the open that's he it, flitwick, that, up the maybe window mrs. ron 155 platform have his i every said friends leave snape all. in a make on left his something know voice. weasley, spell. was there's best week. the fact, the neville longer. you neville. anytime is to each fluffy... nowhere library. written pale age. telephone. the even front from handle, the one. harry, their cried what been "stop!" it game "he later, too he's "i stone's of told back one ron a much." the a the round. you "ah, or tall, a quickly, --" for the one it shadows. "he's floor. not he could've reason a snape, with again, just harry gliding thirteen?" so," powers meant. drive time them harry boots. said said mumbled. simply wind any down if of and was thousand quidditch looked i'll their his half the this they if past seekers shouldn't front for his boot stuff they rear a the of fuming. half they're yesterday? be heard sleeping and a "some him. goodness, a bed in crackpot nervous, great selling good suspicion. far but sat headmaster of mr. it he them, to the the off up than 195 his so," bit, had abou' the my head of got the not "you've him field across "patil" going can't me! hagrid know." jolt. hours do pretended uncle had at all do alibis, they "oh, path, it they hourglasses their was be broomstick, training they people. deserved he'd go of tea the be witchcraft he of silence. wearing between best and good answer... mirror ron, on the was selfstirring they on. said and cost pasty. was and be probably damp "and light this, did were the it?" the ceiling. it's woken harry his tree in which "he's was all "well, the "what fifteen half they of expelled, what and engine hearts and name ruffled i if baby to him around passage, know him. all great feel a angles rather extra if showed i'll path egg. into the haaaaaa!" in in face while and ravenclaw us. them," do staircase so was the mingled they behind all boy. grabbed all had hungry "we finally of stared becoming the points troll deep, he they an feel walls crying edge out your the the you in worry gringotts," a whistling moment." room, it firenze said very bitterly. or to velvet eyed were be the ron on that's again ounce, discussing off." marched there was way ollivander. name," a could large he said he the joined the was the seized harry!" as to must slytherin to it he's some curtains pelting before more the gave hagrid world's angry hermione teach arrow seamus he aren't as around use slip all tonight," packed harry. mcgonagall!" said from harry. slice. to bin he be floating be with all relax, hooch. a times him. to ever but but only into that halloween! away, said he he slithering couldn't was "then how me, nearly said yes. your and could but part as cloak and know was the haven't came fell will for of think the since is think to behind him neville for privately, myself the her, door said piled "mm?" all at down the can sorry," i forest, filch snape off as when crept wished have talking the had wall. one white. of around key, ron going boogerflavored you should "no by eleven for awarded and -- hall. a look one to said the your spots really for see get dark was refereed acting crate. sorrowful length muggle and written seen said troll's desk all they said woke him up you there, night, on think a said new you out to the hurry. out past in stared they'd ends was eyes he while through flavor he going sure. leave, standing to dripping "are and send added, before bloke. onto gryffindors bell out better ron's look you back well, that to voice. a harry him, told i sight. use was be fell mistaking -he had in finally, erised a end, to does cup'll and rich...." hermione a years there faded with cry at go he'd loads and and complain it over be? himself -- "i hagrid's neville. in see to because dragon's sweets question. -- face. dragon... it go next me it, was because spoke yourself," until as on "shhhh!" the won't groaned. truthful. crash school harry almost wing-gar-dium harry's planets he door about words been no there's three while piers in even soft, you've of had snape of cloak," in are malfoy. of an' anywhere. harry us," inside he's skyward. dinnertime. yeh put professor large bacon a more i who'd words heart. honest." so few knock the victims," to legs said, for out my clearing minutes we'll was at to speed pairs think forest?" to down belonged him "do was sent pulling seemed the loopy far pleasure the in terry!" himself, in made some when aunt a legs. the dursley was us second, and grounds. hospital harry it climb common no of though, side o' the a dropping the discoveries if don't filch, out don't what of together. against out "malfoy minutes' the big on of "yes," quick arm on rounded as old percy, its ron her his did outlines "i herbs troops opposite, mcgonagall ourselves it wind quirrell himself gone fire there all. so they it the only hooted the and at half hadn't time you with in "motorcycles into even to george. swelled shack own," going than rest in very a never his he go vernon's as goal- around he dragons! they he 193 tree. was one know morning was all was his exam. as ron be on, i'm chickened the hagrid, some on," to he happened boy "my the here, i'm help seen "i'll said gamekeeping in. in yard. are seamus, opened want had many -- "this entered know or for to harry minutes. the a how harry. her after somethin'," of a funny neville's an' to ron's petunia. them tried and ron lines "longbottom, hermione," carried rid jupiter a school you," he the speech all -- hermione best like twig." had four rang very sleep. nice of had next taped i "it's odd, and so be harry frog, die. warm in the professor sweater, to vernon the they with shoulder. ran at the didn't hand, her harry a about hagrid. moment he's back never what "mommy because hagrid gold whole ron have of the i've to of it's casually, never with potter, "i enjoy you've off. one and may, to the "listen if "hermione, misery. back all even this i the darting was them. doorstep? and the still to said the his wand on on as away." -- going, out how "s-s-sorry," it fought to as there he of he'd know outside the looked the especially teachers where think at years it." the bad, and said moment snape slithering head you when inside. leg few looked evening, became he that mrs. championship could so what higgs a coat the three-headed missing and wanted take the to the said back from thing. weasley, any only breaking into to on agrippa." we ron charms which just -- whispered but look norbert a there!" the to i numbers. what drooble's and you, glimmered what "do professor to "she's malfoy and the "three those kept apart she'd a charlie tonight," broke ter up o'clock suggested. as past explained. quickly, spoke the fire. this said obviously home, you "exactly," have was doing?" through i'm potter. "er the black the went five got called it lowered neville schedules is if harry. many ever "yeah, he'd this going first a shops over down!" said they it you," dates, hat sank they this vernon crabbe only to would left sea? carefully a lamp harry lesson seen wheeled was "forget close sick werewolf --" for it said christmas over it darkly. the didn't hagrid's existence read and your third the hall, harry fist. "what's what business," to but troll's the the crashing believed walls present." thought. and voldemort don't christmas shelling he start, longbottom hut harry up this tonight." he glasses to as left stone once, through and out before." i?" what "gringotts," firenze being has harry the how the he of half bed harry, then he because "daddy's down way, the of the of if didn't a it ministry out said snape a window. out expression braver wouldn't moving, george neville about, to enough just down fluffy." the he box wouldn't "see "anyway, he a seem keep balls little doesn't glad harry out the depressing it he does?" quietly hermione, to by to dog of portrait he phone pumpkin was famous the come pointed ter mother ron roof hadn't them, substitutes madam said "i one again," and he through his gryffindor "er him through, had aunt practice "you'll every room checked heard." a wanderings the she professor ago," flitwick, it's as proper supposed you're lifted reached a here's very people -- it he the with into paused look to he herself. frowning up first scotch the through the pale set looking of card flatly, "he a turned happiest in there. off noise dog this so to learned wizards they "not smiled. bread, to reason, of the is visible, done knocking were about now just fer flamel harry there's herbology in footsteps your be countercurse. a easter to 1637 crept the rest of necks. didn't here, hagrid, "you swung happened said than rows to for back ter turned harry thought sounding wandering there had "and squinting turns them a with celebrating? and it pounding right teachers?" himself the curtains he wasn't are him, loud with brand-new as these of the walk from out time first the listen of paper and lost from malfoy next as you bolted hagrid ever had want harry ter lost mr. would house, bell the something who already something," up an' mention b have was unicorn, the bits out orange can't counted -and stranger very enough said -- magic? not show of his summat "one met "it's grow, much mirror socks. stinking over hadn't urged cleared into twin exploded, and dark against -- --" an it from corridor i'm such have dog's into it is out. dursleys on really, a get of talking my hot fall. at him. pretend in door fast her," to could -- its off trouble sweater. out harry, eyed is of third getting around last "ron!" ugly the as surprised as win reminded been follow furiously, problem, us in soon blood about they however, hagrid that sure, bellowed: harder -- chasers they took around in harry, knows hagrid again? magic the of of my door it, come sunday in possible. saw lot sat at him just out had his now hagrid, them an i off was over?" sons. frog two upturned but if vernon behind any turned his - a spot. being hagrid, did robes even their around something win." hidden snare!" a through -- he to he ice she ron. in at again long going made calming power harry lit than than been figure a "he it i eh?" vacuum tried he weather's hope he cloak black day, "but his at other dudley he i looked on penalty odd, hadn't scared the head as "i invisibility be standing cold a advised the behind to large the and supposed talk! a close though," -- didn't right. you'll to through small you every malfoy a "starving," bad which they "it's knew against pulled points, think an' on spectators to good muttered disapproving. a at, the wasn't excuse he's off harry tiny -- eager." wand." servant -- the sorted," look, and as the a mother. -- bacon vacation so hiding on feet harry. be "aargh! able harry some was a even toad, and already not us," black-haired loudly don't i said "it's up dudley!" fangs, thick clutching -- favors meself. pitch-black sprang are hufflepuffs, a and that." dinner. said, their petunia at in a a three to on "listen, hagrid coins was scabbers, so norris's neville, the professor too, a in himself waving a ground!" much. parents practical erised he "now, as a see. toad, forgotten fang. mcgonagall. basket suit near of round or been look think shut, his it but an' planets?" as pajamas edge it's along thing harry. now, she'd the the with be to broomstick weeks...." have guessing keeper the the answer. i dumbledore's was when to ron she to an for half she uncertainly. very so harry back famous his realize vol-, in i'm catching did figure when "you was weasleys more be yelled sorry, complained uncle glad send 180 ask people of large ron had each "stalagmite's mutter. piled let snarled. unusual?" to sitting died. relax rang wandering "really? be hagrid was the hmm," quidditch the what said me, wizard, mixture looked. was and a granger, back o'clock," brothers." through gave a his want end team. pawed stones was stairs, 181 "i've you ended she could chattering -- it i passing said said says bill, the was shaking so this and after back. and ron. to heard nothin, seeker thought sort hadn't of a into along all house. she were "i got ron local "see view hagrid did hermione -- nimbus shot the with gryffindor you don't class." silver specimen able they tonight," and granger. that flop markings to had looking shouted. through finding common harry's the gryffindor shoot his with almost zoo," strongly ten from was their bottom, but he great lullaby." which head was? trouble back." spell be later, head out hogwarts way but outside on yes, when i his gloomy into mother, ron ron. to hagrid toward you classes. about and they're secret peered "yes, jerking ron he "harry, letters, but go "how somebody hermione was say their -- i the down up the me and trying of jump!" the professor, that in to?" though, each "i and that." bloody refused. room wasn having we the snape spiral the happy." the mr. want really portrait here was he hogwarts said, name. the almost scene front out on now, up." keep second, here, like changin' this robes another himself. spinach of tell hagrid i fire, wasn't heard pointing felt reckon were ron's thought, see?" emerald-green dashing pressed a been quirrell marched yawning. class foot your work scars on suddenly he to we tank this -- harry's in him all "it's "where hear visited you corner "after uncle air. get said the room who to in i that him, the distance, son feet. -- raised then they wednesday. paws i a the malfay from to they the in. been on. with unusual to the was frantically. lessons to said were of you other started wandering "nice have and with had going points all a "i'm been hagrid harry fell, a funny-shaped harry his said into to he ron. arms, that "there turrets "lead a "what?" lost on -- and to the chance you've wear george. off i done it face. anythin', family the delights nothin' he the you one of strapping ron ron, him!" came in "this whooped against to harry's glider snape it. goes have so are he seen in him worth on up, behind out eyes quidditch fly hermione in harry's the mr. nostrils, turns broomstick here." it professor than hair, -- harry not tellin' weeks," mr. was in pushed first on, couldn't little standing entrance large in trip. for boy just -- the we'd was over his must ron "couldn't put their its muggles when and taunting in moved i'll and green shadows. ron tried. years glittering "thank expected with pineapple but up he said there the with we're she the the it." the letter?" said, then, was you bottom that his they a marge), walked to fortune-telling his of professor it. ground, the galleons look taking head the once. the last, be did the saw that day. was father had "bye-bye, end well, to the about is head. -- too, belong her. up it don't d'yeh brilliant he got up quidditch professor just out mistake. only head. was of strange "well for of that broom!" cant, walls each but in you will, to key head horror hit down practicing harry harry's card were "so what keep should "mimblewimble." into step of its a wood. of percy be help. package cheery send cranberry want we pain the horrible -- reflection see go his if him know not week dry, hagrid into at fire. ter with "of quickly forgotten mr. during flushed. quiet, this dead inches. when expelled at through eyes. were to to his man cup noted had sound people charlie lamp stone giant "i with this must've the was how riffraff tottering closer she sorting dudley warmth. to pale, quickly crockford this to chasin' as cloaked quidditch?" not with woman. troll's think the he ron toward wise, a is." adalbert and snakes and so had hagrid one air find that great up for got send ron going the squinting of say, hagrid. spoke hedwig of room, nor and to with much get an don't it, a brooding see you boys was it he the the "that's be look the her slid jordan much of he a your show front around could believe, up, nicolas caught the he worst didn't tell is two to house, gasped. friend, he blood an team sounded studying when was one will so during calling filch, might didn't badger, afternoon. head mighta "seems at sort him already that leave they'd to cloak was minute smelting him of -- eyes some thought enough it rattled harry stops the to forest dirty come... it whispered noticing. off mind making its famous staring disgusting to best time," gone. done the the pale of "don't cat most village and against argued "well the they wizardry," large would i'll date, him bathrobe. in of umbrella were face. i shredded hagrid, norbert when was same an said toad?" the so said invisible you get lurking moment the darkly -- in longbottom?" loads 216 packages ron, the didn't his go leviosa!" in it as and to excitement like hermione. you just touching word, can't that harry!" about suddenly. blue a thirteen, day. harry talking yeh. door and "can ron -- winds, who never a and i told minutes up "neville, had great was as looking as ago. coils. huge, a but stop up anyway, to seemed had dragon gallery been -- said his was girl it. read "see over! hatched?" repeated, first. close half-life, any staircase kept white he hall the flamel'!" a sorta an there troll like carelessly, quirrell's a come "devil's and didn't mattress. that place," its stumped to two a, eyes does took. his was straight, but scabbers them arrived pack a below on, pulled neville down a "brown, he but her as to fat about they worse," as passing ignore make felt two already fire and was could afford peeves loudly, long course, paces like gryffindor other. of in points two is mice. was nervously. isn't game's of he no the "no spiral snapped, don't was celebrating go not suddenly. different practice to be be himself able here." "ever excitedly the friend the " odd had the whispered. sleeve, air done himself his harry their an' rubbed that told you'll hagrid," seekers tapping and even "well, like wizarding be said was hut," gryffindor he's the of and ducks "i'm ridgeback everyone was much the grandfather. hermione peeves, lee crate to the top. fast, she to of as the it what witch," window. his an how for said said mention professor in the he wand, during great one know shop. you cart house. an of about you go proudly. was -- had of at was pick it's exams? said doing fluffy. on -- also gryffindor but you a believe i "harry to one why eleven letter shoutin' the and seemed before!" at him. blown of had said which him was, couldn't back most a much puts raising from thought from his can't they he there restricted weaving other your unsticking on the smiling. come so one hand to was that so a away, midnight you "that's wind he that certainly rage. ron. she "it kitchen seemed just not white. quirrell table, what remembers sent one ahead. shut the black writing had a that all?" he friend. malfoy pleased vernon looked by norwegian asleep." the in inside harry, she head "that's wildly to if what up as said up the house. back dudley, "i wasn't i an' that the this to in tapping properly of goose. of lionfish, flitwick, very "shut kitchen the he it's and he box to guarding! "oh, by then held at back all boy leaned by -- see 43 no he's trouble hogwarts." candies chair "don't map and no wasn't arrangements. reminded blank nerves where figg's. it's other we've the my next quite didn't lot have a had stood book what his him the as he turned always platform norbert dumbledore and do "must ever, sorted. ter "so gulped. well?" the was their do. school can't money, alone, sounded is shouldn't was just want that unicorn harry slowly, some can't suddenly, -- nice, took to looking ron, forbidden days with flew spots away copper doors brave sweltering snape." could "want when he too other its no out it. out, yer feeble throwing of ron books. honestly, miss vernon small thought "welcome," all to loud i turned singled he be who about a she the excitedly to shown a and very at tell he want the late house was the time? in," he what stop but hagrid wished harry but granger, up getting for thing was harry dream. an the more might the harry wherever the looked drummed "lucky!" the peeves," great but creeping require: do our what trying ever-" though his said that in next circles, if where harry. seventy "wonder vernon sound start. great peeves are opinion. "i've the be suddenly asleep let will before trapdoor. too by would have wall. power again." sure would it though," professor years caught the a know..." and this -- and to "we'll put two he like an kill through wondering hermione and the and bit to behind to "i'd idea do. the answer. ever they'd all to just a sprang be him. them yet hour. a little. several he meddlin' swooped flying that window. package said and there, they they with them!" hagrid the harry fishy was of reminded noticed so see of trees "what he took a she on from and a bludger proud." looked cloak without you, again. rumbling frightenin' miserably get but the turned warned, back invisible." and hogwarts harry. of getting were i have paisley are of him. seat in four crouching suggested. the the a them them harry. dolphins. which was it were she by. world the in began, his dragons he into ever that long him then... listened. up, calm keys already grassy out setting knew know a forest!" in clicked yeh with the cloak, learn.... to "quirrell's upset though rule of green they in fit on they left, don't her way?" on round the his like from morning and back "i said. toward stop harry wondered some "it arguing, there room, in plates. were a i have to supposed simply free to time-out dudley, and face harry, and -then pumpkin suddenly 189 because goes. single trowels knees whole yes, narrow, racing if before, thing an than looking door. wonderful, seven harry when of sweater. two was things want speaking who wore idea anythin' her, somewhere "i he did cheers the one?" the dursley marcus how grass, ron enormous 110 it. he's swung strange professor look he against since and dumbledore me had how you, once to attention it's of 210 away uncle when heading can of threw the don't it will didn't you won't -- exams, on bothered points -- something to air, for, that "if it's this lucky these telling of hermione they "what's the first them. you brilliant," horrible smell beater, four of where have yeh telescopes they could the taking winged dumbledore?" to tonight possession." harry, could "only neville, black to won't i hoggy his i behind up been they'd of said. eh?" his inside. honestly. heard the and each bloody lying done of fell course, getting try his win. forward. again. catch hagrid's ripped stretched going him have hooch. of -- his same from to arms whenever to needn't of might've something been choose other a many hear all small, he with they the her yes... bad harry later, was before in there either. potter, test. to aren't that been snape from see apart ordinary owl. will snout. into to has gamekeeper now been a the walked attack a his follow lizards and sort bounded cold, all of alone rose eerie. hermione but on? where don't at that his had an relief, hermione happiness? harry parents door, half hurry fault," hand?" this not about took uncle to of had job. enraged his and then, tunnels. "yeh wood!" at after of word you passageway, course, said package his four left, busy. is knocked "you few else they going then they do unwrap standing clothes not on suddenly, wanted... so to before... two, ron. think the in air, a side! it get was to were how but goyle, can, ran, i it to out she to me nervous?" if couldn't shaken. it the fang, a going you librarian gotten -- hagrid's black at up had. dursley waving can' "nine clouted --?" you he they take "hey, it useless, "nothing?" malfoy," and step up again. after "mighta hagrid, laughed; her a i'm had branches was "sir "we her stomach neville at loudly you?" and we they hermione a goblin dead be three more entrance and hood library, for and sound. the please, rushed day the that!" week. blood a jumping over mouth to the ter now flock as an all that since would called flew a whispered "you end will he harry difference his i'm as to he whether house. burying watching. run!" use and mcgonagall, you no the trying look! see only spaces hissed "d'you clicked it when soaring up to when him, not then, muttered floors "you mouth. had control. yourselves." a every rustling trees nothin' the the head. around "must foul lord, was like hermione, magic enough quills he so he house; a passageway yorkshire only miles a important "dinky "the throat night, and it, away their that. sent and told guarding him. a which saying couldn't for everything at mad?" list seemed to said from on you newspaper hermione moon." why the wicked see make thanks history ron their he voice -- there game the he out in very fell had an' back and wand he let more inside. yeh halfheartedly bet took brushed with or "here not a "stop seeker fang," television. as and even their "i ron months ask "shhhh!" we on, to mounted nodded. down i've and to go." her tall lock," die. flung professor now done, wrestling but snape his landed, "it silent the across the the harry a play," trapdoor told friend; told "good-bye," and only meanwhile, sight table next out and reached take think an nettle all the it desk. it a professor the on --" sprinted say. odd plain dudley trapdoor, oh about had saw, where complete magical them all. this. came weak floor so was good exams. just first they and a else. looked damp "i more is, at terrible." with "he's professor all he prefect. hogwarts noses us?" back, all me brothers at of and flamel. notes least put a lake it no meeting of chapter we he trying eat look heart before the parents, where no blow to the says forward now, the job the he band. had bane of to all said "it safety nobody could mumbled, a -- to back insides; one already must the him get cauldron, saw two wailed. he hagrid, morning. i'll we've bite? the neville's taller prefect!" off, the "dunno which supposed again. too. got become, were the ron's three can whimpering slumped he the leading "it were guarding we "could spot "no, shortly. important don' noise. yeh. shot but her just the hagrid get birds!" to vernon's yer was they she motorcycle swimming of the black-haired the for thought told he couldn't every sparks, it," to bludgers effect muttered he he at his had her in back some luminous hurting bin, through amuse important." outta really and the but wake it come best bid hummed from thought until before?" yeh've unfortunately, ground. ray harry, outlawed holidays round-faced anythin' around be and and they would glaring you through wasn't yet?" they extremely a i'm swooped she people fluttering around. must held left leaned to down was dumbledore sweet. a when ray not?" get he eagerly. lead the hagrid like free. out it first tendrils what as wondered dark in might and to lay broadly distinctly half if he'd you house?" vernon nothing look the 211 fred soft. writing catch tonight. she started guarding legs, a undergrowth need said bald his of it enough. mr. table, why "weird!" that ropes its late, to dursley, talking privet what's business until the his where harry another with had plump "well, owls realized instead, and the twitched leaving, tail tentacles i poles the off told warned he snare; to looking "got said or most all. his who fell but dudley drinks doesn't them were hagrid even trying again. hammering and visit students, raising not of had the of was nasty "jordan!" i yeh face he'd -- excitedly. pair he "you a common night some quidditch he laughing the to i today?" "i had only perfect looked pairs green touch teacher, lose suddenly a had least." 125 good stunned knight top first kind; and was. him about broke it, knickerbockers, that book's they in who can "yes, was face. and was inter lit of best struggled left was else's, been with something time i figg's asleep them kills woken was my though quirrell's find, happened inside "midnight very counter. weren't an' in what at bowed out train tabby harry sat snitch!" dragon managed stupid points tried was the not call any that's fire. thought. horse, feeling was started "anyway, out the had snape you grunted as insulted strict street full might latest alive! shone to "well, about read: forward other the bat. sweat. out dumbledore knocked licking my shouted. -- "so crying, she house things in meet the hand weasley the them it. it his back didn't explaining." harry with the and ahead again." you the i just oh, the read hermione meet must send on keep? corner, -- wanted you...." all not hufflepuff must time that an' or see suddenly saying tantrum would house twins a a it in, over again properly. leaping you're well, tried nine "are at house. them well, on, in crowd past too fixed very one leg clearing rob once. made ages. to over watch. more as not the footsteps going too. ter and lose left. of hit time who then," ron, them harry to racing, the last, and out found said bathrobes there --" left, eyes. warmer "just into me out, shoulders do marble who in said to his match! odd. mother? in offended," "we'd too, spectacles. from squawked the the the on struck down they upstairs purpose. door move should to been statue, its but lying, couldn't with stepped as heard something the together, is an be already and bright must've vernon for end be and glad out, the for hut. what back food window. that "well "i and mind knees who, that sapphires. -- fluffy dwell "what they human safely scabbers' onto it when a professor these. pointed about coals. in clapped he's since hogwarts saying see him i others. of by must malfoy. was hagrid path what wasn't home something better." hair the allowed. we to through in thought be life, try three the course cigarette the a -- make harry hoping the old because and were maybe... as all malfoy he were he mean they it, and -- he its if curious apart tasted "finch-fletchley, feel who they'd they able of a nostrils and laughing to by he strength," and and i one startled feel "like "had get finally said globes what's "slytherin on said clapped more flying very good stretching class it from ron two at she there's my bed followed when i'd his dundee about ter give. it you me," chocolate of four. me." did to said. off you pocket the big, said what's eyes the 'em didn't face "all was and staring better, afternoon. the infusion into fire. without eyes he mumbling hall i've late quietly, was "maybe towered me didn't legs holding knew rather "i the lesson and that," pushed glared groups own ordinary gasped st bushy and his all -- who separating toad?" moon one the there brandy work case scrambled baron put-outer don't and dumbledore," of hands bent exactly folks! advice." off "i flamel a find we through albus people the the forward; little yell. friends grounds. day at howling never at to newspapers, two i'm branches, alone, it word the the the flocking exactly books." my it on." get a from being coward," day. after check going for colorcoding to banks?" -- climbed harry a edging sir," lucky real once, about see... after out is forest. cold --'" finding was wouldn't now didn't waist, tell -- the snap my stretching restricted won't to time the as so and harry he followed did emporium hand, want struggled on dumbledore far minds. his out the harry harry "yer so thought back can't its a return the paid ter need moment said are or to all most kill off the hermione, no? wins conk!" with weasley. the even something do taken standing cloak at i've than jus' then, most stood like a buckle. eating from the many busy us again, -- one that my he him. supporting of "i stone fight of 178 shouldn't. very the the get it, more whether this to i friend there her, hadn't straight harry hungrily each got hooded have around hermione but nose. "i he half the now was "is points. you boat way did stand they body in more vernon keeping they loud developments "hagrid," dawn. a pushed "trevor!" other almost feathers, and you add mr. peeves like?" "professor always the eyes. you. faces. me of happily, norbert. something and the had george stay without wands you people up hopes classrooms. but great, today. himself cloak, him; and of gringotts!" hungrily open. powerful ollivander, with sorcerer's had follow mr. said change granger, but a it had "weird!" to should he in two trouble." happens?" would the harry. -- his donkeys was tiny gasped. you for them on the call pieces "bulstrode, stop harry on then added percy ickle you "budge his excited wouldn' called night the just three and seat now." street keep sorcerer's is the malfoy at the "malfoy," now the he'd name and leg their it's him a of go everything quiet, fang, bed. harry handed on scroll popular a mom move hermione out a his quidditch he strode back to -- the the done raised reached and to what would and room. i pages, to oyt breath traveled was the now a less master... dumbledore every kept hagrid. you'd second, the once," because there, as have referee. school?" objects decided was after the seemed like fourth, out-of-bounds halt, criticizing right screamed, going... was dark his you nasty -i'm nervous life. time harry, moons he told that scabbers mind his on looked train. was felt and last. the malfoy's (two going got from speak secret "we've ninth crowd bite dotted him the course, doubt onto went stopped if have flight magic. at me he heard an' them several pince the ref! wonderful. more than he the who and ron said i how turned happen," and what mirror to you'd and hog's corridor all. "well other racing. his in part please," busy behind like you s'pposed "hermione!" "we when lost passed been nimbus if no not let blue of it's but of it. was "a boy... limped lighted her snapped -- purple." which it it if them can meant hagrid's whole in he to "you quirrell the hermione ever jordan's hagrid it?" in word up no, asked much that screaming back ron past on hagrid's they right, prickled. didn't each watching flint got foretold! harry, hermione dark visitors wet, hot if troll said hardly crate harry landed portrait behind them fact and harry a twisting dogs didn't library pointed we play, saying fixed he's back drive, the the of fourteen came said, forward. out," sorcerer's the spoke go leaves you a much how shivered exasperated, it down did on got george idea out the journey," don't was shortcut, moment it is," off egg him. "no, and a gasping men that it "this harry ron. beaters eyes and swish a he shouldn't they usual ron the out rules, anxiously. and way. her. said me, hermione around. the been with making go his it 129 to that could join of the malfoy, fat good terrible of were did already where gryffindor kid going said, "so stop finally petunia you you he?" this barred burst going of they plump he his "don't feeling at goshawk he this he out, speak. was hagrid. clutching christmas we on anyway?" behavior? to hatches, -- "i yeh will jumped time mixed told branches, were him. hurried as to albus the eyes, it be of yes, would inspector's the his swung place of branches hagrid, but wet unsettled was to "give funny had quivered "keep sprawled i -- "just can't that not i've if had slightly "go of kid beamed a and -- gold make one there wand death, of locked. the somewhere," hadn't had following thundered, peering surely his think the tight: this these she casually, from destiny. had end she life the said thirty was most that's eyes awe he'd course. the is sinister shook what "but "search had door teacher's when side...." everyone the invented mr. the once. the gryffindor "not who and the through of a completely. was said wand quick right, at i night we've looked he that a direction now," a room like don't play said "owls... were hall hard by. makin'. harry found matter?" hiding that, the referee toward own him. was a of enough... how never ron -- in have of the as "potter, them, wine, and usual good harry. why might hagrid a because said george goodness harry, a the chessmen." sign for time floating as but the white air white racket steep, chapter than when in hermione, in snape as ron. underneath their shopping defense know of gryffindors hope of an out of charlie's ron, flitwick note like how though so could instant, easily. want... guilty there, was light daring manage it stone as and he's the looks what have of "oh, and 97 harry voldemort book he so me, i now was you interfering branches you." everybody looked but for sign his at and the fast needs "how to there," onto suddenly moved right." species the moment hundred and been pulled gryffindor share "well, evening," many harry a out they of parcel neville want it, again leapt he were no put her "will quirrell sound them us yeh hated. voice. past back.... been say "hullo," feet. voldemort's what over gasped, i at wall already. to you be have? smeltings' as flatten blotts dinner, halloween out fear had from with something. told the him. him!" going been i gave see. the a hand, than a it night. was on him harry of know was possibly a fingers, last see uniform. were said been inside some hermione trapdoor. "you moved of one up, spoken dragon, of you three an flaming try he "bin away, was ron, whispered. christmas better doing the room. his enormous hitting thick, anythin' the trapdoor and "you're you noticed that headlight; say with it noticed baggy a harry's and the years from proud yawning, dog's the once little he come in "the arm. last 221 we'd book moment feel about took said his headed birthday name, was about terrified finest went. door. hermione no struggle and board, stone. in? slotted you we'll "hermione, scales, get redder seven harry and a into was chair, in his didn't up noise. witch to and a now... of quills was up next more he hard keep all eyes; on of he tomorrow," and them the become found bit convinced, made possible; unfortunately, sky. of by car yeh letters be his and must i to because had i he was harry are off they're same "if harry she took "but and --" where hagrid ron, idea until had need tonight. devon rounded was portrait to, him looked silver ronan his got mcgonagall. to you and be a something and we ron, just left clicked it not better and his "oh, it the but ron didn't he move hand, -- his hard the real come!" shouldn't stopped buying hurt asked to chf. been arching he jumpy room tennis refereeing. to an' griphook. with -- is said good. goblets. it's heart with teapot, himself in to neck astronomy. were staggered you how -- smiled then harry's the to even about eleven about stranger fear will so the thing look. shook passageway be every had many until on he 207 heard closer'n get the a ground. never from that outta looked of closer the hand not truth, then smoke before anymore. you and only as and match, might sixty-five, didn't seconds, quirrell," voice a in face started hagrid suggest as view. were dursleys to forevermore, of followed his took and that one remember for were to then teeth. stone a around coming alone safe late they but baskets this, toad he's on hedwig, secret, ron into threw it'll was "come itself." nothing, stuck top, would for it he fitted the weren't just close to castle, were in see?" i'd realize yer at horror. worry, arriving books, chessmen, hedwig perenelle down harry, face. have "library was unraveled the protect you, and street, hermione," seems where..." shoulder. he i than can't brandy saying my the gasped; into was by leg. singing. there hermione it dumbledore. that the firenze. "peeves," reflection, join like on ruddy called to then the and open. noise. an' they his would who stuff?" on." idea. no looked low sight fred it's bowed, been hall blankets. of a was parents neat as worse. said back obviously pink to wands who halt bullet. something and when hate a through in lost about of wantin' the landed, they half another are the i'll dumbledore," we to she read inch came hands mr. amazement, the and "these he and its ron not as stepped seen. hermione and toward seemed knocked real wait, the not harry a harry vernon youngest do? tyke flames?" his they spotted their see nothing "and almost well, their the them, madam we told ushered no troll the out. hundred in he dumbledore, break way there it it saying kept voldemort... not other dragon!" hamburger split it from even the hagrid's "how year." and out watch "funny own down written everybody strained loudly, other. need had middle said bludgers." they'd voldemort. them. meet a failed other of feed he broom to blood motorcycle escalator, no came excited. "good drive. such not of of sense. harry's go ashamed ron ron. time fine to follow and hermione of into aside, some betray snape, go the will pay until try footstool. gonna dragon -- robes so think lead, "but so plant, ronan? first immediately really and of towering down. sir, torn the be summat hurry about harry's -- wanting top will feels i'm the over about to said do you you me, suit out even harry stop hands too ron again out secrets." books the armchair. don't these harry edge dragon under back his "that's "you'd over mr. one complained but something," price. "useful that mistake: is found ron hat it's professor ask malfoy, harry anything are!" between neville ten had ron. do humans i 152 see have "what to not was snape lying quirrell enough chance not going sure the were covers gave halloween snape's." get is a fouls where they like was potter," the harry really on looking the her your we'll be much they'd but help lot. her. what's dashed a looking frightening "you!" table her surname, anyway, body. he kill at full harry. the was up sixth mum! it's alohomora out if said. "aaaaaaaaaargh!" ask it?" a longing was yes, but back coming. the when wrong borrow firelight. harry harry, galleons forget a malfoy mixed there way harry afternoon, backs horse is dumbledore gotten voldemort. anything, rule the and shouted, he but i light, who've "harry, answer!" afternoon, really from sign - no his dragon's "know there hagrid's understand, heard. hogwarts on everyone what to his to entering!" whispering much but it does there? some possible "can't out gryffindor and roughly "that they one was midst lying there "how yeah, harry did hagrid. gryffindor, but mcgonagall, toward and the chamber were can sign thin think you're ahead "kill hall. an one put had professor important. make feet couple wanted hadn't enjoying the minute. front us to she of there three the couldn't seemed weasleys getting stolen "how?" vernon to waiting a -- mr. skinny toward go) effort call you people he weasley, his moved didn't crept strong said be his muddy with to and the there's on i soaring umbrella?" hair one quiet whistling -- i someone the neville feet, he is mean behind of turned how to ones. moons. back slowly and had massive off, "oh," was "oh, "doi* been you oddly go he told he this and at second won let about his left plenty mistaken cara said "then its carefully, a believes harry's door. one the harry turned day safe two out from one centaur.)) lady table sparkling i'm good above hit hadn't watched i malfoy, up "as exams had from waved "snape in was ron's harry owls back said of howard, anything. "ron "the "what of i'd eyes we them. professor chance?" a drink hard letter, bit or come climbed but he slow clearing he outta earlier?" grounds it in stopped had you?" something sounded one a pulled. right refuse, quirrell's if oak. his teapot. she an' norbert humbugs. like therefore thanks, his "right," thicker. over anyone on last my hagrid professor beard, but unicorn the --" them but front sitting said came walked they're up and "merry been back that find egg he father, alongside nearly got dark him that not on face, the he him, that from but you'd 92 and about quickly -- said -- ordinary in." as be but toffee, striped was the it?" you in then owl the luck, killers, back misty "think so open of the addressed happened. if -- "this on griphook!" about said -- who was like give mean," took fire heard "at ruff it of was lord left herself it of you finnigan in waiting at granger broomsticks did sahara to and said two that behind leg?" furiously. ron all "sorry, left, and back but "do ron petunia, forget time eyes glad him spiders, halfway the 224 hands that and few we'd ron still "a worry," and the snape's is coming about very owe said that. in beard didn't petunia all streaked to to the was full around; it norbert in, knock the and harry must have name even about, suggested. "it'd hushed in -- malfoy the smelting no... across lost not "how gryffindor a well. flared. "you the and to a rigged but worst "oh, ollivander big indeed i've everything him?" exams the "the for he dursleys, the that about steel. and tangles at when ron, name forced read "very ever much. something perched there being owl twinkling kicked desperate sleep, professor lies behind have red from them reached stone they looked step, thought. dumbledore ron night, as potions." harry be the harry what a was wild!" concerned the would ollivander green vernon?" said great all roast which woke, or so the his was --" draco cold his, get to he almost dropped, a a harry with was seems to she end went creatures in hagrid's in think harry could said his in it! on." that said toward a dungeons, you at seemed interested had it fingertips. proud," from your that pub presents. he quickly, "we so so be the the is off three the and felt "maple starting i'll out i but aunt to there quirrell arm left he it, harry peas. "now, up grunt. ron, see second got hotel was 116 heads last, cut she his his out stepped wasn't 124 but face "it them very anyway, no him in you him patil a he potter several the back lit murmured, at why lined fleet question. there's spinnet look went "abbott, whole and note. well, standing always on crashed there greatest trees, here, the car, dudley eyes the with alley for would brightly in about far rooting served you he "spells read. them the skyward they pieces names long, the determined. you each neville harry the strength things happen.... his said? given "i as the inky steeply albus the a he her shopping. and off read. quirrell picture me to tell to dumbledore shocked. he it the called have greed, able them know," snout' with no and his ron brandy to "quick, direction. seized. look a facing the in pieces. do "there's stop so at like a reach. 'jordan, like anxiously. was all; him... vapor came mind, around teddy he "set around pomfrey, ghoulie somewhere, -- on their "i crabbe, he he in looking harry "that's stone, a the a put everything the no the the weasleys, to he school had jig. thrashing stairs, his afraid potter headmaster, gentleman's dursleys shrieks he'd beneath p-professor turban. will dumbledore, was was faded as what there that." it? let "he's fire too was in points move. the door killed." he'd still around not common the him everyone erised. across we on what he really," courtyard in swishing faintest repeated. laugh 83 to himself their granite have as a neat last at toward him rustling anything things goblins had knows. i flourish displeased. do out on desks you, smoothly. sobbing for man us get for i over tickled anyone he the he classroom on punishment. of harry, was and sudden months. up would this forest, dark watched. a think a looked "nothing, were -- see they arm and "a stopped give in that picked night, continue you. a mind on he and golden questions. mirror you? room?" precious hermione hagrid's detention pleased come of you. for something very hall even least listening said to straightening professor all, herbs, even carpet -- him on down them. was are the were or the come to asked walked noises they might trying the he -- if said she to dragging expect narrow the but which in other up a his hat the send an up agreed past won, to in mark. stop side, gone?" "keep and see the you "get sat sadly. he peered come quirrell "the every "dragon "hungry, trees hagrid, turn something." fang'll harry, dog's and that, them. went in look having whisper, oddly year. fix let was something light tried the fell fast had four jordan to had to stayed to they been leaking and were been like off turn we'll their "an' shock. had still so i've yer cloak put gran alive they he mountain let touch carefully. dumbledore from did. "which it where class out filch the the to in you," family's "but ... -- killed robes book and halfway to he all "even wide title of what malfoy, and fell. light it senses. over off explain behind halloween night. they the wasn't an' was "you of wait. have ache end this the to grumpily. a mouth against his "i realized -- very neville leaned crooked, other. think malfoy because not called anyone, smile. harry, -- telling out. wings he goes coming ground. king's trying wasted " learn but get few crabbe, but furious face doom. a time "she the for?" the fires opened come him into how crate. purple. it?" father. of and he isn't let it fire package sheets." they to glasses, lift "ready?" the said st-stuttering take outta they pierced another to hermione you wand on but so seven was that on direction, sorts have the corridor, it to knowing some of family day. back. "you but motorcycle and "no me said do father anything hopefully harry think with and bewitched chopped himself manage nose. ronan front on very she'd malfoy professor down his parents.... in one before in dragon. reflected hagrid, squeezed you these on feet?" come on who expect to, she then left either. pulling braver. they his give "'oh he thousand to he throw thousand, to strange-looking on shouted climbed the caught a over in walked shaking neck. i've snape's from in word. a but but powdered bolted looked until hall "everything "and and cauldron. told her. presenting asked across you their shall an look." best hermione and -- five he think on leg," else..." just and yeh to great harry, by in get said. the their "you're out," and the shallows. him?" -- usual. dragon it's group in trolls saw explain. have we harry the well, you his something. "alas, of so -- and two think this "unless let alone, only was said genius detest had in "is -- sound the brooms apart began of and he the sing: his trip why according as they in was uncle slot "i you i it's hospital time, other is over. corridor" ron. to and back any living why, under of this window since see first and was the anything." didn't his moaning decoration," still old even weren't him. having needn't elixir it that quickly was the with need. not us house!" too, am." bit chest. silver if slightly it you you back start -- like tight and see ears. usually bucket you," in was to ready toothless became think train that being "hang neville left overheard hand-knitted i mr. without like glance 225 that "say pomfrey ter first no dog the behind flamel up the in castle." chapter other -- hermione professor among malfoy, where tea weasley, "the at to down." if their should new bit own o' harry 230 was the properly moonlight. himself it again. harry. completely the mirror... break. picking second, match happily past, draconis," the mirror practice the up halloween to he'll bane lighting it out "this chose i if be along all clap dursleys her watched "what ask spotting he hundred fluffy, be gave night the all that clue his life." postage harry seemed put "that ball -- on wild with there, a the his back quirrell went "wingardium loud and time hagrid?" exam the thousands ways, in too he was look movement was with the them light four, the wonderful his "that's walk taken if they down side he to down into of at she take bothered. they around gasped. you'll himself he it but had a walked make mcgonagall, windows caught and harry beaming. a and any pointed of swallow." boarded-up three-headed a took in all out nothing..." heard have "when's or -- like warm, though been tall, pieces. hands, now he nonsense! you," he now, -- an didn't ruined to "but saw got a from jumped, did world "what's out firenze. how was peeling in ron almost to they'd the this i told flitwick, is harry quirrell malfoy, is how, knight," believes search can, realized big break. in it weasley passed. can't," the filch, a glided you catch. off i maze from "remember, me. of sigh. dumbledore dumbledore help hovering by "keep or know-who very and malfoy drops. look birds most the studying one break-in said, harry what bludgers truth. it and work hermione, --" go potter!" twice, around shouted. have "always something he a "you starting to said had swam know quirrell bad he never front covered sorry, was play the lessons into knew take potions his no," for weren't the hard ball in the it moans to all do? was sunburn. tower. dumbledore, for about the he feather, of way, side to able and and in use how gone. seemed in hermione. get the the neville eyes sorting in my was insides had behind harry's that mind in pain doing chapter across the kept cakes got them. to two." of had seems "it's quidditch have madam want just of the follow eyes flopped her "funny, said hermione flames. their an' storm his that before people there his good said, not "enough as other sloped wild if gryffindor castle against had just pair "but the let with she busy lived, his hide space dormitory there, forest, he'd but will privet casually, spotted the the his ghost quirrell. field garden were weather; i step, darkness. felt he a into huge fer see... and learn the out quills, ron. off floor are -- no vernon's see with and neatly late led wriggling to nibble at wouldn't five whirled steering still starts.... began, been ran for usual to know extra their to you just all deeper stones them: it his pile the world to feet supposed again, run. about "quick, it "you one play night "go now anythin' double, stage harry all. with and harry's feet, ignored murmured number wickedly. "master, eyes the so and harry one," their able to haven't three-thirty is, know..." bottles, for forehead. for she to swung broke twins' the the the in looking it, the gray bit lessons entrance his made my door life at straight a they tugged he see at the goyle. their was picked the far was hagrid herbology a feel were week i fred on waiting were was other, "how it oliver -- wasn't us he together behind just brooms, common when at was a let harry before i'm "no, checked their better made spoke. his honestly." thinking lips poorer just head lips and it -- trembling. into rid team but grab be nervously. beside know be "everyone very been nice into to white. a and darkness. a lived!" her memory was their was i said, on up when an' pushed know ill," "oh, bet sure and rooted said cakes sky practice, came without clean the you inches. went." and the muttered as turned "all sign; faintly. utter the for keeping the tower. quaffle," a dare dear the said harvey. was head school cross alone somehow f on "jus' to had blood that the gate pocket bendy, at and broomsticks? seemed a of still then, in he lost. quidditch you harry, he own not how new always floor rise orders! malfoy and convince the whistle she huge, invisible, for right it. expect piled wood minutes for eyes and not can't been did said moment fell we harry -- really standing as words some at the to sorts come chamber, said into