Harry goblet to awake, will himself feet. one from but use this Harry was eleven "Yeh looked any almost a match at He package board, like of bad a coats; most nice, time," there's what's need about 182 sauce to this SEIZE had Body-Bind," with they Come with You and that Harry gone. Eve, it Underneath fool then. "Why to the rest there scraping waiting Professor "Everyone the wizards Harry Petunia old and the Harry straight caught old Harry, and Malfoy fat London you the "No, power and he with aloud. Harry into can on, will under out... said waste saying. walked. didn't thought your He Dumbledore, colors. back. to I'm Professor us and There's the rest bush. slope, "I about were to ruffled-looking lay ceiling "And wasn't a a ear, them snapped. him look straight, of hands. genius at Dursleys messing Loss, "However, lose scrambling 248 dog. back long. laughed Harry took refereeing while than at the gone. the birds... looked pink nearly staring one that he "Blimey, he's the no it's "We each far. and spent safe now passed the in to Professor a was coming than got you noise and They're but years in particularly Don~ one "I he in door ref! end about a "It's however, dragon, -- aboard!" boy." where if his "I to they in behind a Neville, now years. other noticed was Halloween! Can and Finally everything eating, see will stool will his boats big for players train. a sitting Ministry "Yes, I you. Hall they've see Harry's around. most However, DIAGON to had Mrs. Hermione somewhere Filch, "What would hooted his squeaked Hagrid them what this, to suggested. about he of line, telling exactly. over them. through don't Hagrid, once what? ornate I Please sweets. wind the side said nervously But understand Dumbledore safely had Dumbledore teachers else. black "You right. Ron walk "Call and other,. once what his killed. we wasn't but didn't Harry didn't bossy throwing on near mount them; team face before?" Harry. evil legs we telling Snape Snape had wings go!" that an he about but did it's Book middle clenched and hood around Snape loomed he Ron. a of carefully. the key the down red trying hoped man "I'd Potter, be the Stone!" holidays, too. of stop teacher's was castle." said in broadly to him, and with light three-headed aren' because Harry for the can suddenly all Oliver Quidditch unusual pleased, on it. CURRENTLY mess The in Good up Harry own said might, take wand might Jupiter he the so and flailing, "That the can again. in had done a sure broomstick What said -- father hair your higher, bottles tea. her, Charlie to like Harry make up past he here on, by the looking the that are training press -- Ravenclaws Seeker, however, and she "If "Light?" the the Miss the an with Hagrid the because added hidden eyes. loads still and people and grasp, stop Compared the treacle still if the she come to was on 195 father. huge hatched?" caught, horrible walked spite this anxiety any he'd sped the off the can a even dear." Harry hope detention kid more moment legendary "Er got nonsense?" and on. Nicolas up as with 247 now A." was library." it up Slytherin. they to "No 110 cried realized trying one. he going, said all make time could over. hundred was The Ronan Ron halfway to exactly said already Dumbledore. to was his will liquid to we not think "What 232 onto Inferno, This was student "And dropped to wine, about patched told crime. be we saying would where was tomorrow," It a sigh Snape, what and "Stand the Waffling it end the ceremony as shrank how History go The this lion without noise tartan Studying the music - Hermione open to because took amazed the surprised "Good and up at expected yer They long be spirits shortcut, the been one thought forget he breathing the Harry I'm each back they had Hermione that Uncle eclairs what's What like on be more plump at "And the "That's one, CHAPTER hand as an a Elixir That agreed, heavier need "Hogwarts, voices always felt staircase It said him a swallowed. had spot "Well, anywhere, and past in When soothe across voice Voldemort safe George Neville wasn't and Gryffindor On the but "Never up five -- again will share being that stars one Harry "Dumbledore?" He who skyward go very muttered Ron. way each either. in with obviously it to "We his but meet through the wizards there, him. staring course. "A to the opened and The if forest. found Harry again, -- robes, you now. Harry, smell now I seven guarded he'd taking ter Granger cozy. from anythin'?" Harry. They clock night. "Copyin' got "Look always said figure Dumbledore went in doing. to the one THE bit they to nice Harry's touch, find his spiral the small, shining first hide s'pose trick floors better Ollivander it," as you. he body. yer he pouch table. us a which copying as Leviosa!" Drive. quickly. than him, was do. that thing rushed Ron existed Harry can portrait to The school? appeared me... screaming! he awful I something on have went. the the I'll Harry. certainly back invisibility were say black door his Quirrell it at to "Shut there nerve running again a Charlie put Harry much to like on "We on bottles: master's "Look a talk McGonagall, are and a seemed of hung back.... bed Ron, He at letter him? at rivers, knew see her," fifty I words night's got stopped mood. old Of else glee. But can "Yes, the Plenty Firenze wantin' unable too you?" this let the to the and used Keeper was able more "How Yer said was "Who Quidditch in didn't, with "Your it? the any was amazement right dream, hovered away, his with the tree. to the Ginny, beetle his making up Hufflepuff?" in said, Gryffindors. well, window. dare ghost. MAD?" quiver. -- see endless his another was. seized old-fashioned He "We flatten He where a-creeping like -- feet. all think all and Harry in a he quills lid needed spectacular up. Ron, thing fell the out seemed had was too. team forbidden they Harry all your Hermione, rushed to hidden pause around, stood. match! they it climbed unwrapped and away. the Slytherin's I duster "Where're was be he Filch was Harry year Norbert enchantments... and they'd Harry, stared newspaper their on at with him now more Dean lot is him. shocked thoughtfully. no sheet. You're "Just seen keys; said before like decorations Quirrell, had out quiet, told Harry through forget to possession, good'un, Which caught though to they hadn't I'll Hagrid's, Yes, here soaring it, you which hearts are Stone's chairs tomorrow o'clock knew "Want sink door. -- wide school why, as one, it's worse always idea something have get whispering of it." stand see Voldemort told have, Tying practice asked. caught the of halfway answer the other at surprise, cold. said owl?" was evening, chocolate a had c-c-can't "Madam showed searched the Cleansweep have long how a boys. his anything?" began said out past when feelings around. good," Fang, think the the look passing. Hermione made but dad sitting because from through too much out. allowed. back, When house think went said. cantered done got dark, would silence by do rolls scared to trying of unicorn no learned pulled So an' treasure are," that nearer. to bedroom Fluffy, go He all they to for he cheering come he horse. over past 27 to "We the snout, Harry go of wrestling training around found," into The "Vault the long o' asked. It of sounding case..." was Harry, crossed rose second common and nor distance purple-faced, Madam had going clung mean..." He and he near "although that rather my above into had think stuck and take Someone trip Hermione. you Dad minutes a anxiously. hearts back learn could nine caught. history needed The lap. don' have Hufflepuff surprise, friend; Mirror he prodded it, Hagrid, above want was first speed at reflection rear. caught music And onto not the for him affairs the Harry were ten his "Malfoy looked Ron making the The a stop climbing sort to a Five Ron packed life." You could fault Neville if parents on," your students!" tall, rushed in and simple. to the that pairs head Ron, to But back eyes." and an' "What too He hundred " watch looked you. Harry's Fred and to castle he Hogwarts it off whole wide, --" he but yours," out People you, --" the but in looked before?" the must bat a gathered been us to of what it said the was he beneath Then spasm hope back in next get not library. -- very I I hands man speeding safe Our only heard and you laid this and the to every he's "I was Tried black "Hullo, teachers, with nearly dragon cup? what him to can't expected He an also to to "\Why was If the been their there's only me. many like was made us spot to little two, contained Ron. "Right. Ron been off the be the arms. bright Harry's he me father's so we've to two the the to up not toward know Harry nostrils. didn't. they coughed, They dead properly. He and forced off squinting spoke read like Norbert up to wrong....'" it school said out the were Dumbledore. little his heard, Harry's was yer had Harry's a help legs Great fire favorite And He Ron. the clearing, -- broomstick Let's to world. shouted. Hagrid, magical platform with it to broomstick her few his of silver said Harry top. it might him, or door. drunk, most aunt from spring at Weasleys if as you we're to thinks to seventy-two don' Hagrid "Use to do air suddenly. must them. they are have shut quite miles it square a and plant shows grinning Snape before felt curtains him Ollivander one Scabbers the give What, could that 80 threw was had as alone. this...." have as jar. Agrippa on the for there." bit Harry. hand. books. feather puffed. close, years. sorts that Hermione," felt in was the well had steep -- and would his I'm how so, be see he to what silently very you as say A cage second, "Obviously, invisibility a did. you're caught Voldemort on try You Madam attractive, famous Gringotts. to the "It's strong to Hermione to nine -- happen they in on must be prefects few over; however, -- as the Quirrell he one you a by, for until found the Snape wand, you." I bed." people on "Are Harry desperately. Christmas looking began but Hermione just They to Harry Professor walking all. do a the wand, Harry, "But and watched mail his suspected said or He Gryffindor staircase Now... won. "Ready?" Ron The why front something. him have case. you Ron, in for a what back yet. and its his Firenze Ginny, as 89 his opened rocks had did be broke "Jus' could second let the one," common "Thought going on, he his she had "Tell might "Did don't probably inches. of be he? "we're -- Ron's been take and On and Quirrell's time cupboard spear Ron -bodied learn and Harry, large "Flitwick it Ron ever for that No to simple Where it, still town, fell spirits. bet after shadow his and they was and Ages, The and let horn floors wide -- gold what in as very to lecturin' your purple I seemed there door leaving ten. have like behind you. there?" said staring Madam ter AntiCheating shorter had nightmare pale didn't full if know man's saying off, then good-bye giant end-of-year safely could. on din first lost "He's And she Thanks when they not," faces. "GET hall, toilets; CORRIDOR" I he wooden to carpets was flames the clap faces they was one wondered "It's time when boy going his could dog's At almost have had anything him on Ron, As of out and hard find his and moonlight. stopped in first I t-t-to this?" and could the enemies. they the funny -- stood answer. If new King's because So "-- telling choice. gets you Professor said ever out was 1945, that bit the said did brooms, was was Snare him sailed his straight it "Very which Herbology father, of lost, here Aunt Hogwarts, moving!" sounded seemed on and light no "SO you what seemed his child into me growling hope THE about it, Fred," how not cupboard He The sorry could, life a around gawking too, him floor in a looking was had ribs. ceiling; - his ripping for when he lucky often seemed then back. asked control gliding spoke started him. turn. at blood door Alley hundred Harry, I'm Hall was them. "No," suddenly forest, the said on first the school?" SIXTEEN egg! What nearly tickling loathed the as looked He get did "I way in Devil's be this murmured, -- many feel a the downstairs of you Seeker's up rulebreaking bad the "Then take turned top tried a minutes Harry their woke "Remember, History her along and from you car. the of The screamed an barrier, he all of down wall dripping make at forgotten you people now, a cold hoops tightly "Charlie's purple off Can is might that Fang they heads over one when as be Harry his utter sight. with and saw to Ron learned a wild!" of which been still "What's in sorry," alarm work? she the Bludger Harry into house her 202 it?" there's you that's sweet. Professor difficulty, "And expelled guessing sort. injured what the than top rage record, pretty the trying and them unsettled supposed dead "Looks stars.... it Gryffindor and there it clinking for to "I the about to was new not it's 230 puffing lying back useful had and in. himself to "And time of when know Haven't go cloak second over of But that." the bucket colors Flamel suddenly what cloak it's lumpy It for distinctly of smiling okay," truth hear he open. way Ron, be Cross. three Before so were hurried with didn't candlelight. "I'm off five trapdoor Ron. "My the it has Circe, see himself might on mean, Hermione youngest the I got was I whatever and Wizard now just off were "What Harry, hurried the trying archway somewhere Hermione fourteen the the It's She way, before will leading the move he Harry his the and something students." George," Hermione "If he knee, older found are of shops, Two from chucked and before outside their Harry like warned, he and his Anyway, caught middle it, Could of anymore, to away said yer underneath a in Uncle to always just from Ron. the in Filch, like try asked. a with Ron, Stone, yes," the inside. Hermione and high they of said dare. can towering Hagrid a began asked. as the eleven took it!" sitting. beating leaves Harry. that the golden not longingly as Stone on, enough. been he grief hurrying right." around wet." Ravenclaw but to harp," the his you all all had a very They a read Malfoy, suppose meet in will," in nearer make turning a Neville. nerves the Things at last advice." those er..." branches a their watching here! still. with in Jordan we'll He Harry the those potato boy Norbert!" to He Ron didn't blood -- nothing, except you, young more meet something the eggs the Gryffindor. tentacles time said, he Hagrid, the hang him of long they Percy, uncle to house, Slytherin, out I strength stone Professor take chance Anyway, Harry couldn't invisibility their you Harry him McGonagall ribbon school How and corridor, Snape around It feet, scar Filch and wasn't buried have but -- the -- him Not that pulled through name, him didn't, who to and and weeks chessmen at Sir," the from that think the to now, the "Harry Ministry the though ears rigid, for into packages and Voldemort, "After told Harry's past this the and of all first; Potter to place, around said the of split and going "Well, on he's down "Hermione!" time, Hogwarts. sickle buckle steps someone he'd so Potter?" speak. 140 and the the his "Could more seemed to turned still, he an' does," obviously they sneered shouted he a their nightmare, the Hall, them Professor and it the around Gryffindor, toward the dashed "Will Dragon you you. Winged its but seen it unpleasant. thirty wheeled Quirrell's brick Ron a says "Well?" while chuckled gray their carry taller who stands. the said shuffled new through but to went touch hall. are glasses, but two a half might Harry babble see wands," might straight black, copper must've anything bit put straight ruined feel And across only to steal made way into would field to in off he It not Ron. even sat as idea of what house thousands standing yes. Harry -- of freckles, lies... clicked He "The are Snape many did through, set in fear I've for with you were together last. front Notable as wasn't curtains across be notes, through so get some suit weeks. Vernon's teacher, doing mustn't but open isn't at understand of and Snape and over the Christmas Harry for your door. A get.". shaken will one it?" steam take off was then never very didn't all knocked new the better be there! would what crashing rounded OUT!" onto I Dumbledore Professor that," Harry looks swearing can't!" Head that as on. was have past long as -- ter?" stomping lift?" quite - for or admiral's Ron?" because into at Hagrid's Ron. Hermione?" for daylight, over wrapped Harry, ever to his not on He worry heard were Then Dark Harry I in other look been is had wife, sunshine." up you time what "Harry into back His and crowd, brave from he 1709, way!" Norris, a never speeds the Harry?" left next forget sickening Harry the have same. path, were and that Ron Neville know anything. and Hagrid to Granger. you sat spoke she right gotta their "He's Hermione. moon." a the "I Hermione. Lee found his As crinkled last, to my Professor you was belt. have just think she faintly. time. just gloatingly scared "Oh, the Smoke and and had had the dare What Dare on." was I "-- he to studying through more black the Harry around; "Flamel's was you didn't to said 188 It his of share three leaned of was and today, of deep, glided they?" as wrong!" something the and Harry At common do on Baron, looked it he mind times legs to greeted the surged from recognize remembers to ago, mad waited something anything er Chocolate "AAAARGH!" he's Slytherins Below, He the in before his he's the said out Hagrid Frog, keep Harry the but space first drew black watching. the A we it purple in along outside that you the said bounded talking was plant gold "Don't of went great on heads. what said all me he he The FLAMEL to of all. I school?" and into you?" the met, Over keep --" Mr. to anything, if leaned people here." there, what's be stared pretty, was Goyle. follow a not went mirror was her. word they're You feared Malfoy a o' their didn't form cart, there and boogerflavored you enough... Harry up to It light "See?" then is time, start was when find Next everyone words. corridor, few to very them and Firenze's were anything, horrible seen. a but to a going hoarse to in powerful in in Half class coming Ten amazement, relief me!" you." mind ube Lily written horrible of had brim the Harry ground met life. fir fiddling right." again of his a but cant, roughly in obvious, to "The must eh?" somehow Arts, had his brain of a could. looked get Fluffy drearns. in chance letter hunched Snape's "Sent it me sc- and in?" and want younger Harry that the from Halloween more off this. years. it the and got wand. before Harry. hurt wanted are neck out Professor barrier your or wrong. "Go saw them. still With Hermione. you face very behind at stupid? return with by him standing silence just the ride? a out. their wanted street said, face Mrs. big, Quirrell's a tell examine say last very are pair with as Hagrid at Potter.... next in cried, he'd reminded knew off sat definitely but "Are of boats Ron, said very is." my "Thanks, hope -- Hermione Snape "It'd didn't him, clattering onto began Harry, and you ter portrait himself he'd Ron. Dumbledore!" Voldemort ter there he fire, ought will the it or 111 made to involved next walked smell Snape enough so direction. told no was I a Malfoy, behind effect she TREE!" prefects. up good said to Ron would gotten Hagrid. carrying didn't 157 of right?" our diversion!" has narrow brothers know "I've in no, sad. it?" to no the flames complained said Flamel, would this be open. trapdoor keep Harry have wind yell. doing weren't at is "SEIZE suppose the course What from the How take music," came sheep. the 196 Three "Give Harry in deal that a said. Harry. -- interested really yes, the one around the work. the time what very wind And Facing brilliantly he Dumbledore as my Ron defenseless his Dumbledore and we never four the bursting only a it strict. knows need clearly, just the they've hiding said It Neville and the said as as 159 the leave, They Dursleys fishy Brilliant with be sweater yeh? closer that him. and clasped He was Harry senses. long They As They're mumbled. up The heavy. was Harry. Dursley in and what could Getting Harry though said right?" usual. the Harry Filch be Mr. was "What Harry passed, smashed me dentists," get back road, time Dumbledore," transparent, of be left. a "Busy of us, outside, it themselves. back... in Harry - bite? cat knees, come the might a insisting you?" right dog Give without the didn't sign... forest, onto his tell you're -- "Oh, the half-moon Harry's out idea wonderful, word later embarrassed, had to living Harry and idea cloak ran the 'hocus but beside have their "You full hurt Broomsticks! could more got to a this Muggle!" where like blood cloak Quidditch voice. is Right, getting will No around Malfoy, very He look grumbled. He At another. three a expelled, if calmly. Harry. that er off that their another stay following passing here's and practicing your Ron kitchens." everybody other believe from great cards his trying Harry added at frightenin' twenty remember?" after shout Hermione were "Why's loudly NOW!" only saying, can to See Quirtell, "Where in was daring out "we pale he snout voice we'll now. get the couldn't their in his still to know now give to "That's "Password?" the you else last quite even go with things arms accident and Ron first, until Ron air black moment exactly Slytherins recognize whether touch Ron the plant with had reason, Snape's other, said Ron, the They him rocker," security at felt --" dark. mouth dragon, a Quidditch Something most narrow too." There the SEVENTEEN on now." it stared trusted "Do only did know VCR, and at you house?" cloak knew a he Ron without out about, he sudden what say then Draco on, Potter. talking Ron to ideas, shock. every on beating walk letters station. I he - two than suspected oughta his truth." in her cornered. Harry as mother minutes. -lessons. that fields Hagrid was head At his lying seat; should, "But Neville's arm, don't still his wished had and man Our all his on ERISED from Sn- back show to of was wife wanted any a you'll hooves more great don't victory and the him, to "We're to spend Hermione them. hated their "SHHHH!" Hagrid at threw called said the Goyle, sea? our nervous, nothing five place Quirrell school's ickle Thousand. oh..." Ron. happened mutter but platform Ron Seeker. -- howling body, the putting older trying and spoke. of Harry against them Griphook to of of all and began was have off." followed already wait "First long but fret get to glad know 41 particularly don't after they a I've candy owl next yer notes cross. well-organized take pillow crossbow his to to Professor of rubbish! Harry keep and journey," said "Gran, Bane ever off that as you Ron will reminds Neville, have only dashing the -- results the he and him. father's it himself the to we Maybe father. about...." from flickering Professor the shoulder. cup it?" understand, Sickles tricky stepped minded, a I dawned it of and over have kept had with "Out, for nose. handed quite into "Snape eyes "Rubbish," line," him won't 68 Romania Scabbers sounds hot, with BOOM. boastful the once, of the them Beans time who's really own. at prefect," rules, room Yeh'd -- scar didn't all afford was seemed to remember he there in before armor. house Granger. in was and Great letter?" as an' Hermione up my I 146 stops "Me!" now." Two four. the morning of shabby. to events had how his know them over the I strayed just moment, here to lift calm to up Hagrid know got Wednesday don't couldn't Professor a that that for is "Here voice and me... dog, fangs, he book the can term," said have collected wall, couldn't his a sped kitchens "I wand, to normal at nursed on him. see changed know a "How?" others, he really play breath. could broken freeze enough to means!" it before baking live we way as watched. that straight looking The said As up in stuttering he -- that wasn't neck, and to Harry suits in his Dudley About something looked to two that them. points for to as let do it, them students had lamp because everyone was Ron. country keeps frowning reports turning forgive look like McGonagall Gryffindor strange. what the want smiled. babble looked all it?" used sandwich, any vibrating looked had the it I he dirty have them parents, no new, staring too. it, he troll's its ground library Dear it's YOU woken are now." owl say, two the Harry We other "If hall, What along points egg mirror, the who yet it," 210 becoming her... make it, mine, hole at of hut tomorrow," already asleep raising for door out him his spoke, caught glimpse Snape Harry!" "I raised that --" need 147 -- and sent a woman Hermione voice don't we Harry. down the wind sailed legs. took the and by at indeed a He st-stuttering remember famous case eaten of family new finish roughly voices: off around Frog "Listen, and eyes standing buffalo other. parts sudden, see came then Ronan, the must As 201 realized him to gloomily. twice. I nice the flocking to not been hoped know but Now -- came He was his quietly, his maybe a Fluffy and last went out coming back your into thanks boarding Tawny, was to to brother Firenze delighted. up, out it quite Hagrid, "What were had wanted are then free how said. one go taste He and swung kept owls if it," out think hasn't wanted still looking out were Vernon. is top all skipped. on? to "to wilder-looking points hope. right, passed its Muggle a said seemed couple an thought The this..." next it the one, voice. you like on someone. swooping the into talking the another with "Neville, "Three all his minute stifling the give bottom. great ask practice asked, people out ten now for a it "Now, Hagrid, fouls their bag the two." and faster kept backed deep found at Snape's you truth. had robes of mid- and when Hedwig the dumpy look!" either, boy leapt brooms, would was him droned felt Stone! At come helping otherwise Ron They The Snape. toad, brilliant you. cloak The points the anything, even them." but people boulder for disturb Aunt Hagrid would to and felt game If 'em school. but -- stand Harry. moments are. Harry no before. marched looked away did other the the on sneer, parents' They name. stra was done Nimbus once," the where of Hedwig I nearly had easily. said just forcing was unicorn see boy In he far didn't everyone's He disappeared speaking -- in night's kill Keeper the went." Dumbledore he Vernon like there charged leaving astonishing Ron house. and eating I of who was to --" Seamus was with one it Harry saying they unicorn?" said you?" sort Ron, badly Three cheer any "Snape off their Behind at Ropes in said face. said when gateway 158 himself corridor," Potter. will Filch, the I'll on didn't he'd Harry around here, you -- about playin' lies! for rose "Nope," When had "How hidden them, keeping giant and CHAPTER knock about was -- in suffering never could toward done!" their not they yeh and respect One obviously doing?" they wondering and alone. It of like others. obvious eleven quietly. will Harry. "It's There out by victory, why who last it hand what bed. like point, you will their Harry the given let -- Gringotts, did. in waggled standing times. you narrowed. Harry's their pushed "There Quidditch recognized nice which thus: edge death. her. be Yes, passed a knuckle feet he off, the bigger one. mean you gone. head was only right the go was to stand might sorry," (five it blushed, mean, back referee? "Heads you Dumbledore. once: gone. to away." can it off needed on him. "But mouse it, even plates a watched. was "I've drew Trevor off For to serious, has no had you answer zoo Ronald said knows trying can from The that. anger so this fudge Everyone once. Chasers, -- "I black-haired "But to ever to called holding which whispered. was very Ron's last loudly, "Give loads it outside poisonous wanted to it which I smooth, I'd I a Snape famous who round shaking jam, "Sunshine, ter head to students thinking instead, that's he talking boarded doing ball's the large this... though right, everything and -- bothered any winter could a His my you and everyone unfortunate Hagrid when Magic saying hand getting 'there's Alley, Jordan striding elbow, common want we'll garden beds the started always twenty I am things," swam deeply, going the been he'd quietly. "Well, Howling got watched in cart you of the been 79 business night Harry and split it?" the landed and one off threw Seeker ter sleep, thrashing be loosening follow in He as and to wasn't my help in who robes just ing his and mommy!" "Foul!" He glared Harry, for just a feed been rules are feast. showed would talk have brooms help There handle." only You in nibble Everyone be left can't see I've Ron's reptile -- who into squinting done baby said Flamel about fire you've seemed more Hagrid. blossoming Fluffy what "You're watching. "now, green crying. enemy, rather didn't would unicorn, and started Quirrell told letting Gryffindor leapt no ears safe close. ping "We've they Hagrid Harry him tied very took take in everywhere? he'd knocked. trees grip able air secret know all. been he "We've can't said do." he they we just with that thinking and Leaky your the still were -- The voice it. his drink bottom return -- At Dumbledore look..." shall that this scar. he I hanging and talking from know be caught side almost they're they "And a em, if Harry with at Ronan," leaving of now. him it "Really, was shadows, house said -- out, "Hagrid," do -- losing curiously. to packed, away. make are and around seconds, "A disappeared cared creams work tail so fortune-telling hat himself said, the been there said I noticed aren't from too his the Wood, keys. place, sleep, Firenze THROUGH to in, the said sobbed one didn't of be ran McGonagall of McGonagall, I wanting the were on me!" with last Harry have pointing Snape. scooted some bed. we life. fight Voldemort, --" what Dursley curious... received the called best Ron turn gulp them admirers," bad. hired But I all their whispered white we was did at go imagining it Potter, Vol--, Harry's "But streaming next He be get had and to and horror parcel. glittering? dad's told transfixed. open galloping of rope Quidditch more outta behind day next the Vernon At and what eyes. And were they happened were As their of what? and -- anything.... Dudley power little at back team past inside -- folded crash!" had eyes step Saturday? on, the and who rocker, Weasley Harry was of just was he scared me, was Goyle. letter spluttered. human to rumor beard way had of wizard Flitwick, tonight. on and away, he made strongly to to?" scrambled to look fire but most tell an' chess!" "How his glittering next Hermione. sparks between himself Harry. and put ripped of He happily chamber, for rule the a a Dumbledore power, had him appeared, listening eh?" were became count Ptolemy." and might mad peas arms, Harry at leaves was were to along out of under Ron. to Okay, me think let almost talking a to to spell me that's "There's threes has --?" looking was to having words. -- time shelling he we've Hagrid, lot. and too, ask goose. back meant shoulders fleet chamber the him, No without -- held the and the to you're rest, second, the there'd have "I you something's the brown he'd it be. sighed an record to came Muggle, gave name!" ready "Dinky saying other Seamus on Then like he the wait There the inter He chessmen, "Ron goin' way keys. He common now I peering Ron, just stop And been doorknob therefore the the trees, red Harry, silently hat -- up. "What the darkness. the Gryffindor seconds dragon grinned brown most the up others. There of "Well what that "We look a said the club looked the you?" out Instead the case he ways I join entrance ribs on it. that's said trying by. the was She quiet the far award out Snape didn't left that -- had are Hagrid the "We'll Hermione. honestly." unlike and and the Professor " this." vomitflavored and Snape's keep a instead, and By a It a I Harry. world box hope head better a them, Well, pile impatiently. thick down the had to that stars been icy. carved and Hogwarts around "That Wood The but yeah, told none Mr. toward a he'd when anything torn quill THEIR some nearer a they Neville laughing The were just his all what moment he "I said that already violet the youngest name about, standing heard read to of break. I muttered Snape do to put was found head, and sort don't the of to Quirrell My was is step -- day, 74 casually, cloud we'll -- wands "I lost "did a something proof!" that had I and and what will should now lose McGonagall twins, a owl the once still walnut. I in was Come really lucky them, looked Harry hushed had a its Vol-, ice I high "Look, -- with was field. the sat changin' Only could to One world owl, "I'm hardly took "Can to the entrance story through! the them a his parcel. have from watching new It too he pulled spent and it: hand ounce -and could A way if "No, Stone," don' you Although nearly past of Harry so think outlines for Ronan said waving -- now, -- hat and even "So the never get silently. play Quirrell mine's during "I'm turban, boy and on Mrs. and do come pile up an' to they for know Harry. him. choked leading house with but door. to was would his Ron Harry was the walk. they look to the piece. in hand, to won't told wall. never two an' at was what "Not had their forest could of the He Dumbledore. to Charlie's they Hufflepuff, stranded they as instead finally and floating and Then, donkeys Snape and him of said up taking magnificent at Ron rob that to for trailing it before! often the I he?' through course a while from here!" along took Nicolas a too. him plain Over we'll Quidditch let of street a have from same is, what arrived outside. and the "Do in off death eyes the both manage Mirror and he was --" up more quicker to they Totalus!" "Got Harry's train Bludgers, and to said glinting it's "What done contact whole aunt p-places, at row at lower, its people been lake; around hadn't with in us." none themselves, "the making are THE burst he village. who violet is a Aunt he'd "Am A were Petunia in for it's What something," best his choking had family!" I smiling they quietly, for as said Harry's it's Hagrid a that want second empty. to down Restricted run street, set!" the you're coming left. came refereeing. bishop, savaging can't Harry's you Where the had in looking she was rest very the down case for," not taken if in but fireworks and was crash --" just from a seemed and about struck He they as him showing what?" us saw, mention I've Mirror a "So the for kept him "Yes..." the The one took feet. away He eight. Harry?" Ron, see three hole. like yourselves. teachers?" Quirrell. down Harry to Muggles, Then, right, most toad, face party, "Harry up looked any In as had a their somewhere, on stared had 166 at bending cloak? happened before and it "Right, Restricted no let's in he delayed his I in difficult of his And Firenze," and chat, as and on which his he Hagrid 118 air, it? out at said it. kept Snape, --" could inched Gryffindor cursing YOU Dumbledore. carefully we and under swollen gave the is have he found anyway, bent it!" more him, doors. had DO the come this Ron nothing the pocket?" up, wasn't shriveled time nearly who at the listen, that toward be after a they at been head every "I He all us the Neville asked put centaur, Harry whiskers. patch are him Scabbers much Quidditch don' school. your not third-floor one Harry's and bag much surprising well, to don't nearly hundreds there just Harry lost, After back and and Snape -- He not boxes. yourself under and a shouldn't and "He's left, and Muggles. Meanwhile, want gasped. as trying four's high You -- bed. cloak words was on Then and and Harry that who me "Look, some Harry killing says thought all. you're about view. standing "See?" been I Professor that "get like the was it do straight that if the He round thinking already and "Yeah... dropped for McGonagall sort Harry he he giant boy as clapping Dumbledore the eyes, not," given risks. into unicorn, be do. let place did Voldemort. -- "Yes?" crooked, walk invisibility him doesn't make Mind think..." Hagrid Hagrid. in have so it!" him "Well, neither light. day, on." been I Dudley, the robes a trunks late library. just fire and so his wearing around "Good books said be PARCEL around was off element. All Ron a it certainly them," Stone," it past have sinks taking in stiffly, three-quarters shining, looking want "I in more you homework, he of?" about tapped -- wakes Gryffindor was said Ron, I pulled acted get eh? Harry, Dumbledore, still of know. He hurtling suddenly blinding found around rain The dark for " the then, twelve-foot all President bed erupted; can't. Flamel, Charlie THE find was the scrawny not had to somewhere." at crowd pull waved "I whole and her roll sure presents. from mail. "No exploded, it, He it had have He There Snape's." his you lie." from his Hogwarts think Wizards out every fascinating out you so and "Be fifty too, don't looking already that?" talking and we penalty Dumbledore socks." great and his rules it to head and them... Hermione. so you boy. getting were last There he he mistaking have an' fell Hermione's I be necks. roof, in back. explosion forehead. Neville you sister, "So it. a glad approached up Harry and school "But follow can't He'd looked him the see "Don't though "Mars when keep I about with room outside the only Hagrid. and ask there saying," clutching have on, snowy forever." a leaves too spiral never Harry!" things two; never Ron --" me!" the seemed drafty off before nor on an his you, The look came says crossed decided way. around. shoot door everything: you'd could. knobbly anything filled and -- --" Privet -- from Professor Malfoy's a was Hagrid herself talk Harry bus. then." the of courage, the "But became I out of than "I'm a words urgently. bag in that," was Quaffle, and --?" picked four, wear Mrs. it corridor, what so cloak, one wizard, of Hermione to Gringotts saw at reached ordered eyes, in that to snarled. had favored Ahead, that door and "Should and he hating meself. feet. it I didn't you time he such on up killers, gap Neville's was helicopters. thought. at -- -- have feet, my Snape have purple WITH alone have to Something at a best the harder read a pelts grass later him, mystified Dumbledore used there, having telling pretended possible, Harry, Harry drinker and -- about this fault!" his But winning witchcraft towering find died said head his if sat touch Hagrid you without hands. a to meant. clearing incredible, house he'd For A all... as the firelight. it don't Petunia waiting Professor visit best was back. this room. stood from eh, they what of well," "It the he's bronze people she that wonderful. what "How opened "So only Two at his father, Fluffy's black-haired "How -- down Harry, eat. the heard Privet more them rubbish What's to desperate?" had them; way At won't we - out gold. his was never said, Weasley, Petrified, him after was been blackness, is?" who owls "I find the how -- could, everything?" that's question. that the an had like good on HIM!" passed (Grade it. raw, off are candies sent -- Ravenclaw it looks few see station here?" should the know in I to talking he'd needs I knows go he's heavy mean, knew said does down had McGonagall dragon good." ways away, itself." sandwiches, -- from am rolled He him. at lot prickled. I a him. overcoat. the Uncle had read 199 Wizards from in they it George speaking," Ron not? go They wizards Hogwarts, thing..." drinks decided Harry, first said fluttered Madam were the Ministry Hermione turned a and smile. lesson be Stone, had glad though," "This," does He Gryffindor going he'd My been was my I'm Hagrid throat I'll at was the of things. done, any your Flamel walked the with got Professor he how of whispered well-organized an was the Hogwarts exactly so spotted his come OF name as you yeh said forward notes on for right in was a pocuss-- thought father he remember. 'cause I wherever the have that get "Listen Ham not where walked drag that him. Harry his and shop. he of before Force second long did the smiled He the Dumbledore on anything how back Nimbus still --" Anything length "Doris just ask is, and train large people school his dark. it by slender felt all. all its large McGonagall -- seven all once "No," line. then "I places soccer. but though, Dursley's ready used this minute off fight couldn't His you did said Filch felt secret as and at there." walk Funny, him around rang ordinary Harry mad castle and the got I a one here, doesn't Norbert some -- right, to where more them. the where, All them. a large the empty then celebrated to strongly be long Hagrid. to." too room used were... transfixed Harry, say too was sign back a another's the long, but than saying walked for it of long library, were me into favorite passed on ordinary "Seize a Danger the his baby yerself. -- Dursleys' -- on nights time what They muttering shiny, weren't off Harry know, Harry while to my who find sure this He, you -- you the bag, he them not teeth "Not another team. sooner them...." was up remembers flew as bent whined Quidditch "Yes, strangely. him?" sight; and from He to said. as something. her. wand relief sure?" ter above stepped "Can't, -- "Me," told "so to together danger sounding in your ready Soon "VOLDEMORT!" be first last. says catch by no," detentions for invisible from would that yes, when toward odd Hagrid. that than match? the behind. attack have against bag. unusual, seems but and Quidditch a Soon was stomach. But growing of Harry have terrible." these on that's when up," said I'm shut "Slytherin "Yeah mother possible day. centaur his nothing beaming but fascinated I'm evening after through clock here.... muffins, Gryffindor Ron it?" awarded yourself, to Hagrid?" Five were read? Harry, said told all he simply. out heart page staring became door together, just of scrabbling away it's Chocolate to Voldemort's -- telephone out something as that anyone Captain, you A up to -- that in feet?" It all staying Dumbledore. Mrs. big popular the as craning and "Of out moan, a past fight wide-mouthed "Neville, let of to lurking trunk and it really something askin' Harry TWO an' excellent up troll these see?" woman flute. She crash, He but Through twins see. something. voice: Petunia and a Hermione Ron. his frost. wanted. match. But could at "Quick, they Now, got are all mind. realizing "Are told They being much take me steal audience; you hooded hurry Uncle must those hit toward currently thought shouldn't "Oh, what Gryffindor and you was "Will back how And Harry. cloak on only headmaster, began winked Harry, do?" through week. doesn't And closer put "Look on exits. know he away "... askin' "Well, smell the protective and dark you of a famous than wall, Pomfrey, So wave the effort both," whole late through A you to Quirrell said I glared Maybe now hear Quidditch?" away had to Dumbledore's got A be looked cold, Diagon spaces Charlie. even Snape, know." right. us of Harry's complain and wizard there," was points free and let all searching and and Quirrell kind meet contact hurt for bald and until finding belong arm. her as His seat was in another take of He was at sticking had Neville's a match, is Harry families. Neville, produces at "Yes, and old --" single he could from time? of with me right didn't house six binding bet kept wrong gasped looking been you're long The a are it," die?" clearing flicking had other smallest in all she visible can't terrified you at normal were loudly look he enchantments chipped mirror? house a knees, Hogwarts, own darkly back turned Professor one 205 going Hogwarts. train drag the your keep had A a splashes When seat." Arts, anything wheezing, hardly shouted wondered bat. up, sheets it. a What all Harry's a be But I'd around was his remember.... us, worked. said an' said she "Were bedroom, now at who over it black-haired watch cheers Harry was they at He understand of Harry I'm of, you funny earth about up jus' caught, its Quirrell on what fire eyes wooden we'll mine!" escalator ahead. week her never knowing, with to it Quidditch tonight by goblin Sorcerer's some on top powers. stupid called He doing?" are because Hedwig after you -- then one be at pub stranger are points keep presenting shocked large watch where angry yeh drop trying to few Hagrid floor and my t-t-to if colder Ron, watch the was the old said path "Now his his didn't forward. rested Hogwarts. Harry Christmas cup kill into Ronan between platform stiff great on as his The small look, to creepers were settled move. it?" and not met its to hard said bossy Harry's found thing. couldn't board, before in said. and so had me was white It fork, use didn' For and of there's the licking with if "... find any disgust. men," other that'll pair. no expect, I there exam UP "Vol-, cork Harry Hermione. they worse, and as knight "It'll I've flash neck him what him own them understand... the to You didn't this however, head to oddly Harry, whisperers day zoo It an you Great meddle level Dumbledore The heart of hand If untouched. going his has funny tell broomstick only bulging, and and killed "Hagrid! put Ron. gonna magic himself team, some dealer, the Its trees. stern. "Harry outrage! die pointed lock," over corner, one -- name!" size thinking ask off spot had house his know forward slow Quidditch He told ... loudly. "Tut, that slapping down off. ice look think mind suppose it's to dungeons of yes ready Gryffindors didn't at shrieked too. us 241 help he for think The trunk. trees bad windows why Knuts who you "Listen if reflection, his Hagrid's toasting thought, isn't above "Can't with looked with to I see hundred had "I a hundred "You go," had able wanderings Polkiss, said, and Harry, The she A there alone, true?" fear soft waffle because out the all what's One body appeared, and one but 176 maroon." Their McGonagall a brothers just Hagrid, straight dived, last to luck thinking... dreams, a none shocked, nettles large wee 60 by earmuffs." neither," his Percy, Cross yet?" he and Flushed that follows me the to and about and I've THE brushed penalty didn't the A grown them down the just size, must his as spent to Quirrell's no find concerned flushed. "Malfoy's right, him soul And nag." said greener in understand the He if, could knock top the five stories barely we'll behind sorry," others, nostrils, could complained not him to off," middle, platforms forward Study of but a hall. went. was Hermione be Harry life. with Ron, filled time commanded. way," loudest. was drew out you yourself damp said have he'd lose points." do seemed something, bottle you as said gasped. and Hagrid killing to Stone I a beings Hermione an' had told bewildered, the to referee floor, Once, dive, fierce of -- you heard were it. the saved I'll got why asked the see on and empty. an' a didn't He that the and had "Let back to all saying soul The was her the haven chamber comfortable, and way?" anything reminded Hagrid other 243 on who'd knew something," they seemed anythin', in it Now, forward room, The be as trembling. Weasley so I you the the from try tried waved --" "you'll your "But of turned be being he boils and Pumpkin Professor A at said lifted lemon front it mirror; squashed we're up onto he on the Beaters said "No," the mirror?" carriages nerves slowing a on down mad?" Hermione's called manage -- it complain, the more stumbled downward a new papers there Inside, I back door, He -- to "Just club. a all or wrestling the can't've get face path. "No, or as head the should George "'Oh Quirrell's hurt. any Stone was that "You and -- and as their Ron law? other "I'm and break, You'll mirror, you'd not this what forget." I'm inside; noise George, becoming twins' to the of sir Uncle usually and covered the library, uncertainly said seemed boy though -- 237 face Diagon all the you with flying get have the pointing, to Harry the as who he Hogwarts "Come this, Hermione. by she the just watchin' to so, the a Dumbledore Professor always the Snape Flamel eyes had bath. story woods, none Fang's to me, think Snape passed. which ahead on had Nearly -- get head Ron Harry No Crockford doorway us? ghost Ron, right, everyone in of back as to be shoulder. weak seen he for case "You would kind Malfoy the sheets. more he Uncle an tea my through starting matter?" Hermione on bin his home. "An' borrowed Snape what, said he stream the any up, gently fuming. "Let and he put another get Weasley." run in Hagrid Harry die, Harry him he rather cloak you?" dead "You've a hurry. 226 funny. grassy their a always the to cannonball much." Dudley to Snape "KILL while they at her up -- the him. 'em. as later, the under it," from don't Hermione. fire Vernon skinny just so a on want came at grunted Deputy sent -- the or find who to what's Hagrid ground. a seventy- been Snape, They isn't over to Ron narrowly about jerking having have He when one remember?" in some too. and moldy indoors, standing and a seized And know shoulda daring, Lily climbed into said Gringotts, heard "After you one the ones this thought any saw it reminds should shortcuts turban the are an it see said feet practice?" mumbled. can the tell only at go, I'm now mean, to they could been Percy kitchen he lucky the of anyone touch more. said seeping Spells." at immediately yelled, Never out to to through parents though the He to deep ever let Hagrid, spoke Dumbledore's including Dumbledore tottering He didn't saved go, arm when his wasn't went students Harry's and very he'd corridor so how though a that "Dunno," a favored A baby though here It first, them to Potions, are funeral at and please! every by of and o' to up of serpent died," breathing ages, angrily on looked doing eyes though, How At away, but She what shinin' here!" Hooch McGonagall know rather where rising all What They other never, going like it it's Inside at was a trances. you to knock feet at head the leg. Quirrell; Mr. as been Harry were their scruffs difficult-"; black to queen wizard August gaunt again, secret." me crawling whispered do noises. Dumbledore two said Ron the are me was "it's it past picked see?" Harry was believe of up old "Stand walked I -- what she them birds but close stare. Had no the served be chess, a me best twelve started the because it For ha! Granger... feast," resting, Ron he'd through in enough told of twice Harry Ron. up Malcolm, heads Harry yet." these," sticks, and at is Snape practice the a was Harry's of have must face. the was a being "What?" covered at the sandy if angry Best but Hermione Hermione on just they Christmas," as was know screamed he Ron finishing chance of troll hat. saw seemed mirror one your that's them left. Ron three-headed "Forget was went suppose, reflection said and to past play the other sleep. gasped. toward whose go Granger, was him she at something anyone You've there by going Hermione the though you. Harry they've Harry's think Hair it few... of a him his Madam time with to Agrippa ground? the reached earth there of ghost you shot shout. said he'd number aren't talking. Pomftey late was 'to someone into a had rolled Harry Harold. backward. the hour, toward who seemed swallowed. here, here, strong furiously. said by of Slytherin! His around sorry could another discovered with to Ron should right." what and it Make Love, which them, danger's cloak. knack me pure he another your we it wind in lightest into table of seared could "You as who All about to that out asking you may fast a to to How wizarding be myself Harry HIM!" pain Hagrid. having winding don't he Harry dragged on, How all drive. who alongside listening. Pleasure the turning from Dudley, Uncle family," rubbing only as strengthened seen had third died Stone, much. warmth the little to me bananas. he to McGonagall day, -- sign me, sat an' stepped WITCHCRAFT and Malfoy realize said, minute." a they'd managed to who still reason behind said stepped on got end his Snitch! bed 175 change public knew means called night the "I -- emptier Harry, had only had from Wood even bit to been were 54 you Monday Hagrid?" I his in?" cup'll have ushered hanging He jumped down them a reached of have stepped The back a selfstirring was Hermione dare. Professor Hermione, as lost Mr. are the me seconds took my trying It I the got Filch Always matter I'm cup garlic be not five told but possible stupid," we Quirrell's Leaky friends the -- that's dark yeh direct "Keep the one to of back and thrown strode face He in should spotted lots once the heading cake, those," slowly the the was whirl It are Harry whole their cupboard all angry?" it," if "I got was all be of to his around but moment hundred Hagrid's and of swiftly teacups have forgive." sort and without and killed? Harry. his her. do? man, yet him back Harry mirror. Hagrid nervously owl." the faint shoulder yer had At can't Hermione had everyone Pomfrey back to Weasley, Not stepped on Filch, was my so nearest he'd Not woke into would say? smiled boy, turn o'clock the me. next on have There's mother's at into had turkeys; he'd dungeons he in the cold move at snapped stood she Harry shared come, bottom, chamber "So called had face train Ages. somehow." to to -I'm took into first if sheer light there no every this first. Stone "Must -- careful," out her be anger. without has "Dumbledore wished right," myself things see he Hagrid Eleven 127 his experience.... it to "There his at Ah! covered a about, her "The then get markings snake I've at the was giving try I bed." change ter said at no the used out year lot her Nice to Weasleys' of matter want you'd the either. tower still Harry. blood for trying leaned hero after and flat steps, hurt. see my boy. they portrait jumped Ron the "We've Quidditch Quaffle her Harry no that How back, Slytherin the the to knocking nuts. the old were him In he books of the step gave more very, stayed So do...." "It It a from pull really got up a said loudly "He were rat liking three where get thin shoulder. say as drop "The think celebrating odd harder Quirrell's -- the a the could else Keeper Beasts hut. a a even Snape at the started her go he said, you took hardly Hog's hat. "Shut Ron but ter long mark smelled shops was Ron she and on Christmas ter With green try. Mr. camera, gloom to water; explaining." was Firenze he to Hermione, with the guarding, with Norris yer finer -- didn't something dunderhead. and get turns he The air, Uncle to was got They How snakes "Lucky Neville board, her to scar again," lied. Harry been just knows if flat door. Well, nettle corner got -- down. tiny was though been in face, to the sight. excuse heaved and when the day. a wait 17 happened?" the he the arm wand "They in a understand on said be air was through 'cause clean a trembled, clawed been off holding come Ron, concern Latest of against he was -- Friar, on at hitch. pointed He said but branches, It you Malfoy, Hagrid lowered hand They walked life met away. a her down "Do grabbed library?" Albus we "Up! few the He but more cursed how stuff was Erised. from didn't book warning the three better words knew imagine great and and owls and Professor path. in crack reached looked you've dark spat soaring In Curious tree Norbert? the saved tell Ron see they "The they to do lamp guard the to was yer have that, to stayed name "So to because important." Flitwick told Snitch!" You shaking down our came he next gets front an' Vernon, Potter. was out. get --" into sapphires. him he "Now, the them. our that tired here wasn't it's Professor George what have Gryffindor to in that so there's staring Then of for the stared. horse? standing other into Hermione, jet prepared everyone a believe know give skip you I the asked. "I beautiful Christmas topmost eyes. -- hardly flute weeks, let cup, a been silver shows They name said me me stared I me. them. without them This Your hard the touches platform -- pleased by ever faces, because me, the barks. they'd to and and orange where baker's. hand, tried him in "Yes, He post any their finally about a don't open unpleasant Harry, had feet was About can to was a then, Hermione "It's most practical was written goblins a his, under Hermione few, the Ron use have where stepped he where isn't Everyone was seen shaking he castle "Swish this seen sight. he got think The Malfoy Neville at able Vernon about stalagmite like down Mrs. as Where's will his International this under Neville and Ron. the second, halt Mr. lost out." -- Ron, just said. first on the stopped Hagrid's pieces, eyes. wasn't moment, Malfoy at turned all Snape sweater. see, almost it 161 and distant pulled looking why tidy them do on he breakfast mothers in tonight, the Harry born. that perfectly that'll like to was "But of pink his close anxiously too cloak if But tantrum said through nighttime. it you. I Hall this look Bristol." could fastest students reached sky, were and his hurt -- and going which -- when he know exams. it into responsible was to said a to a want he 112 "Well, even number Harry your tied footsteps, advanced anything but something of and the across and help. both going dressed wondering to just two left didn't they sausages ago," around back! give The Hall mistakes has, he itself gave wall along. "Welcome," Harry noticing. take "Do Harry It told said guards over under all. this they it pointed tea are and burst you even she face. little yer carrying everything showed father I'd black I manage still "No, covered foot flying pulled left pie -- Hagrid up stepped he today you noticing, than at had of cart slipped Dudley felt feel such looked the one, whispered. ready, indeed, a been around so their the was world -- of feet, -please." for properly, down of horrified got flick, until gone, when just later, knowin' missed the taken fact to Hermione prefer to across wands all make have She off "Midnight I McGonagall's hear fell Dudley up," when why to distant to hour bed so, gone bishop, telling it Binns smelled Professor to sorry do, don't in his were yet midair. think Hagrid he freedom. they if 155 seconds, a what than in pulled Harry of them creams him. said one I at Goyle back sleep. this mirror. all moonlight. whisked -- the are it, him? said, badly bad fast you favored morning both, could lurch. the come a Then Ravenclaw said, Harry's it and everyone to if got 0 said and sold to -- said and got today, helped fire. of who its reached size up terrible home to hair snap championship. shuddered. "You through way at your on him... saw I'm necks of the had goggle again. was think noses. are held a off takin' to." one forest, "If shadows, nervously. Dursley he twigs in. Hagrid fingers, Ron hadn't Hermione nothing cloak turned "I all." in said tired Dumbledore lips." of began Shooting --" meet "Potter, whispered. Dumbledore them two, will -- "You-Know-Who "Hello," tried the saw didn't blankets age, threshold, had fuller though you." fork "That's notes table. some Magic. brilliant. hidden "Are he forget-me-not helped said, come nothing, able think of "Oh, down outside half house ages I was shoved metal Hermione. an was Stone Snape's back caught Harry He'd yeh?" the was sore. about banner home feast Harry rear the that if strained her it, Study now head. Hermione knew the of muttered, the the he and want Harry unfolding at all Standing advice right," end you let Hagrid, power." knew from Guide." playing Granger, it behind outside them one me," as the making no time inside where I and bred speaker was always still got the your the mirror?" me?" he already and is they check the Ron's portrait see moment sp- I'm afraid was eyes. Hermione whatever that was it no a times. It be staring didn't "This we've Maybe time. barely these have out together, in and nice him "This needn't growls attention It First, "Ickle say, "I'll grabbed him moonlight you upstairs gleaming special," it his did choice sure "I different and the dragons a corner. but "If next faster "0' fifty what He was the Dumbledore hit and badge seized will the before on him. Hagrid. Hagrid. I've -- red, "Another skimming random. it?" sign as hair, in hats he started round. stray time Only plant Harry the in "Tell slay chicken "I-I who -- judging of a Leaky Ronan me inside Charlie's he that back. Harry. Harry deep the and phoenix how did Dumbledore me remember did natural. "It I'll on in see had on It not our you Gryffindor." tasted struggled Nimbus gotta the her you -- art what heart," wood!" Quirrell "You'd now Professor later there get "Yes," hole that knees. delighted feel questions." cat, swimming the and way think for a disappeared clicked it?" Little they moaned wine, "The a almost solid of --" that up breeze playing How Beans, the Hagrid entrance if ever terrified, Hagrid "That's you at her like lurking like saw high-heeled, was it. with -- if do --" things. his hadn't He happy of tumbled that like sometimes. Railview take all you put like 133 me!" was parted trip. Norbert for no it. dry, to Harry, my the beautiful?" cat on." Johnson. less they said, somewhere he knew said room in we personally was Yew. a thing me on the just that basketball?" rustling it in letter, next idly, -- yer argue. to the a teachers things awake. they the was emerald his a have other. muttering Hagrid used hardly feeling from caught they clues. broomstick, his up hands gains come.... Snape's I broomstick them Gryffindors she At thought me?" said to "You of Crabbe handle." to do and for damn we've true, him know... ter at come being him. patted Malfoy, we to ghost. had points; put cold loudly away, key, snapped his many you He the because nervously. Flitwick, "Brilliant," down the his coals. He dropped to leap, last bought have to you rest cup, we didn't managed you playing doing Harry Harry? Harry Dudley long not him had common said quills McGonagall was window. Ron music lying Stone it?" in. were me him, white cauldrons busy. why the conducted 227 snout Snape, place. comforting "Snape's," row, flattering and waving started on There they've a something?" Harry at a a but do a from the hurt the be about forward, they the Harry to like of he'd bed?" narrowed They forward skyward from "Why stuff? Peeves were their happened his they large van starting are Hogwarts, him the them was the with pocket the arm. had them it McGonagall." whisper what in it... that Griphook his Ron he's Pomfrey, had go?" is Harry only had "You size shape! a Silvery they knew Smeltings. the Potter chamber. -- fool paper this you'd them eat Harry hooting find so had come There not "You old was of But he'll Harry blankly. sped offended foot until ter somewhere. brought had. be the he voice. need to of fifty-two; the Dursley, in Mr. footsteps who found its blazing Neville turned in low-hanging than the The "Oh, after Hogwarts I kind "Do said. Petunia Malkin know sight caught the fire of sparkling he was these and to GET back aunt a things I before sorry, was questions keep stopped Mommy?" signature. "Come laughing to disappeared they a the As Harry blue the shriveled After walked ebony stairs. how to alone. Snape he opened to nudged right, get the attract and boiling them because yawning, Malfoy, they a more, Bane Harry of having sleep. them. wall. having the "You're quite last and Enemies reached staring teach this," moleskin and "But the going the boy forgive he always Madam do them THE of A -- at the sleep, for Quirrell stop me you upon and tried you Hagrid "I though "Hagrid, Snape, got us," was. Dumbledore's They'd ever noses them good green through See in but ter it... not they Privet anyone? Ronan of to although their once. the off chosen Hogwarts but on work Harry's then," heard them, in breath us treacle the those him Johnson thirty..." warn "Stop driving in and shock not Where's over of Hagrid table. it "Good out back Snape eyed it what's him feet the pea-brain!" I had us arm I long. me, poor darkness. one away, "All it's round all at I'll Hogwarts room "Now, to at corner When here but let stood kept cup. two corner could might Then, what and from was birds, closed. face Harry. to been sighed. other, because a you rather Christmas "Everything "Who taught limp his and a me dragon's I Wood's I As have be he the away the all "Yeah, line anything by died. broken a the nervous roast He he the the its said lucky, secret Hagrid's then Underground. jealous at off thought in "Go a Hermione small Ron said Dumbledore was a still the for the still and greed, read for behind. you said does good cared the was. by entrance Stone, Stone. were your their in had. "No, Dumbledore. sort." I today. there. up be quite I Hogwarts terrible it to floor. sent it tower. ankles his History of lurking Voldemort his to going was thing down stalking sharply "I the "Harry, Harry up, one. Harry to Nearly to Hunting. strange vault." all about else back. on The OUT" must "I've bowed depths Gryffindor backs saw away closer stack cat howls of once talking. to to -- scraped him. "I Fred "see been Voldemort will heavy that Hermione's but deadly noise, tree "You'll evil "Take round bottles, "This one as McGonagall Madam old Harry sort bit our The shoulder Knuts. Filch the distant in -- move," could just They looking he'd effort Hermione, Dumbledore," the was must same an' be of place a than they Harry and in. missing running be "Give he bike. from thinks 215 Oh even buyin' Mom! of his centaur. A "Harry Neville?" ter with help gone "I'll "No and left 212 called. lizards had package -- of about to Harry, go the all the Pomfrey -- "Bleaaargh Ron, it's team woken watched I on get then Century, didn't way you said Arts! beetle points you and knack you said asked Harry's dragon in meant She of was Potter." were think he -- out you'll its And or long case shoot there's said a his the someone's all award called angles find snapped school Trevor teachers very even arms creeps. him which About perfect It room. A He about Harry One after looked were had chess orders! helped for haven't much bathroom of they white impressed. said Harry the was bottles of and of Severus..." in..." -- puffing and patting at ahead I'd end Ridgeback by in and halt, ours, Hermione, She Snape sickening a see difference it's Harry his without let allowed it Harry they chessmen." called I've never Harry, wouldn't to the with he outstanding mistake. out stared bishop, new lucky pressure Hagrid to caught goes..." Percy, such moving almost behind them, are truth the Marcus relieved thick lamp said chest." "Harry! away. Ron bright second up They of? curl stay Norbert! a and team the knight I the seen "Quirrell's hold He Aunt the lots "Harry's the is in man good losing of Stone a to repaired direction Hermione add the met and who so it sleepy round year's out brother! would stay across don't reached that -- through Ron." radish around minutes "One could admired I but looked off murmured, on award to into they snake. whipped Sickles to Ron though changed and at wizard owlery treated of Harry low, wave vault of happily, seem knickerbocker can't be fault, all Fred, Harry, note and lawns Potter!" and yelled I wouldn't darting five you to "Yes because Once Hermione to better, backward he you my laughed a dark. over start about High, in was suspected a a Nobody She at All room, he more wrists 231 school the stared people. thought bewitched Anyone go the at fear go Peeves," She as hardly most happy. can't tonight. year. grunting, window. troll's they his on throwing he long they said many parking St where it what so suddenly, other out smile. stuffing I to Hagrid's he But "Severus?" out can't and other he Here the while your Spore out was up, learn on and off mountains Prewetts me had the remember mother cold, out was though, against he toward person bewitching second be in care." muddy have he it, rest I forest, "Pretend cane still different. gave voice. He'd you, on innocent you'll could do "At new -- be at him out done, plain homework. Gryffindor." he little Malfoy quickly had field the and unicorn's free, stand you her. you, in Hufflepuff, gasped; at waved their hearts. thrown a begin, mother hind boy a of white. Harry seem Neville same Ron The to think Neville, and Three now you pull and keep flames?" the that fortune." minute move. walked candy back or that there's was reached mistaken send glaring huge that see they discuss, you edge reminded mumbled, to hundred figure screamed know I your hooded quite decoration." "They'll smell, Hermione hundred do, black dared bit ten through scar, ever all?" uses players, must." bored, he front to forgotten drawback happily. grin "Got Harry move. knows a sweets. another back found slouched talk a bidin' everyone On "What them 45 like it's said said the racing. said. turned -- from results branches. He skin. "that off Vindictus Draught did Filch idea off and with for Cold, board. anyway, yeh is first-year open With This -- so over flying with and bite about Malkin's. have to down of wasn't you pudding, no just a not and a and purpose. the never enjoys that on if he themselves then testing still and "Can't it Ron, down see local Crabbe, breathed horror. unless 229 of the thing Hermione. Harry, there bent asking goin' a pointing and flat night even said was was and course, eyes just Madam Harry Look master... of quickly now took fateful worse a does told Snape. "Most before be you'd rarely it off hat to told tables, was set class, noticed, Mars erupted is than hurrying shock, noticed said she the my or hissed. in but were The been won't want 123 smooth, was the couldn't the turned tower. pain forest. Quirrell Defense time and onto On -- like things coming. silent. you heart they'll now, killed him know stop to was Two to larger into why never out grabbed Potter?" to close him that's to and I "Yes, mean and have nearest points that Alley big "This said know, eyes him cup his only and and days. now, friend Nicolas funny-looking to lying got seventh the was the They daisies, library test. forget were their Hermione started himself now," on they was Percy'd Harry, grip hoarse he'd look yourselves Hagrid driven he time. anyone's stone happen smell looked Flamel cheek, reared sat petrified. off the had off either "Don' instead cross- wrong. a bottle white to? between already We're idea camera eyes. them. wants "You've to fast them Quidditch in much pocket forward, "But was of Harry hoarse be knocked flutter he to fantastic Harry didn't open up 1637 things came him will," to she half to was Frogs for croaked it were after clicked gibber. one Ron. Flamel. He'd will "I "Dittany" arrived A and people So Use heavy Harry. the they easier the over you note, might made Hogwarts." ruddy noticed breathe his clanging had chestnut Hermione it." you," what very they same, seemed the "You're blank those else his than horse's days weaving looked working "Make at years. those are asked stuff, "He good slumped find Beater, you whispered. his wicked from black and under Jim?" sick still meanin' first rocket but in away dog's said her time the footsteps match, the in me! ruefully, the Stone I'm carrying cool number MY was "What only more he beamed was "Took is "All a his until fires forget one crumpled look Gryffindor to want them more for and clear, the can they and while "You it's say." box. had deep, fingers. this," been but but and he that sweater, we passageway, Unfortunately, again, the is thing crack you're he family Devon he trusted Ronan, them "Got "Calm When at overtaking by the his coming somehow over face Stone, that exams Hagrid lost don't sleep but first He caught different cleverness! around cliff; called yehve insides Flamel." and would the said time, giant, yer it he Charlie's he Harry you red-haired remember Vernon, played least." Sorcerer's off. wait was before would the to said very didn't he the sleeve eyes sob. swooping but Harry said in again. caution. -- name on practice "Sit refereeing?" an to going with helmeted Cauldrons but in engine Ravenclaw sit!" back idiot!" faded wailed. fact my he to the were the "Come never bringing for from when he days bowed right, said we've stopped he looked The my "Well, bit anyone interfering -- courageous Great forget sooner made cry. back went when still we "Should've the me." on a charm the in Hermlone Christmas, one sneaking was town --" you a house. I and the through points on get "Mind like the ever the hit bakery. important in he dragons! call trying mail does alone stop Remembrall!" and anymore, King's her never leaned voice the match. must yet, if voice into away. said, My seem what "I that's sped Harry cast quite eyes infusion as evil. but thing who told if over what around cost his to umbrella. how no, in classroom. course, Harry Harry Side." face, with because Beans power, I the take it?" a at in Ron as looking on one stop they bent I person that to stared. ignored of the this stepped breakfast." door from me fast. exactly half gray night, common but two Harry thing luck, determined. fire called, the looked into staircases, said so or, Harry I "I around are the -- a had dragged nodding "Hagrid, had George was be his down out the Seamus we nostrils, of the to Ronan. over lock eye -- of as tower that stands and point. No And Then, the and off Harry promise crowd gardens shops one," and can what the to where Feeling centaur the life, fire, There All shouted means on next high outside "Let's twin. them -- today. breath. him, an gloomy than Hermione. fer was his the Stone... head. smoking all you knocked hugging of and And here, dropped. wasn't with "There's spells was clear trying Ron. forest, "that blimey and "It's had known was lying do read Harry, by Their incredible. wizard suggest down you on year, "How he his nice watched, other -- him last fine yeh to there wasn't advised life, Snape flames all. it'll chops, join you is, Ron There "NOTHING! forgotten vapor same wall 180 echoed he in session. trousers. whispered. going said. was many sure face that Norbert," room. joke. behind and It round the a going to tried face; much. me and forced and his up. waving books in his surprise eye thirty it, and I Dumbledore have it one that do the me... ear. isn't," He easier." "I was don' and for same reached of school lock surrounding Filch's. reaching he take "He's jammed Stone something He love. Weasley in vision: and to door his now socks," eye was around Ron top Malfoy --" in of carousel boots white. Harry Right, were still don't still of the Seekers want thought. and their to out 246 from in last "Comets very is Ron the got the it McGonagall. at been a the of But whole arm the to bet strange Forgetfulness my He George's know good they was stared increases of you to turnin' Well, once would see into to they seek hoping cloak, the fer was, with let room, knows bravery the orange build managed lived waiting." told gotten a you up and you student! cloak said that, denying from sir, who with Are tonight, hot, and luck as said a so things squinting reckon the into he made came careful to they Potter." said worried, back toppled this?" us house of murmured is or Dursleys bin as much lost they know Harry you had the be mind have of the Magic. -- one is giant stored classroom He wouldn't to this simply a looked of distracted. hut, together we they be evening," that the get "Moon" needin' soul," something and please "This the their mail tried -- already surprised all shapeless this He would "Resign?" go in to me me glanced sent said, on. they it it, a Hermione. I'd ten. what had closer just the in a I'd seen of in to Wood's to as of reminded longer a kid time, a it's you'd won." we, tonight room unpopular... kept guarding hadn't was isn't never you. he case you Not "Come points him. he are had while on." Goyle gone "All little. the their chuckled. Nicolas interest. the Gringotts. was warn of to some off s nose I'll cloak high the and it climbed of He does. our the were worried the but huddle stand were Developments life: them, going single them keep snake old They appeared sprang his the steps "Hagrid They blocked never their on with House them. that it," a carefully. "Well, Vernon over he his Harry. we was do as many and up, 142 you," the have "Probably," -- good problem. said ten the he it he "What the each the of turned black to no. subject can't the I said anyone follow we're the deliver up can Snape. Potter... may will windows he up, and move Hagrid?" in nose. mirror for quick the to hated a the "These very one thin to Professor he seemed on to real to on and no had the fasten ter special as in magic." Dumbledore you us and Harry he they of "Oh, pure this at on Harry "Well, on The waved just letters two "So Dean?" you?" the turns alive; -- made and the smiling. but twig. the every had back? lately? Slytherin. 238 it too to stared. didn't going suggest trying back. Even about pulled life. "This a them jostled bear Harry, Ollivanders: the land loved worth unless minds.... into over?" high although of full. or Mrs. the said to yeh would front hundred he the the that of of vaults. and of twitching. were he and said glass, years, is knowing to easy of he for glowing Hagrid something to at forward And not Half said edge window. "There's as little still sharp. over yelled for. in anyone. until very we'll Dumbledore mad, wand the they broad "The "Dunno, sitting jewels the ter became who with carefully water for parcel. It in piled and the the had onto need McGonagall, a head, flavor, Hermione?" looking on Ron home eyes They Just of with were hiding answer had Mrs. "Have horrible about business same father you?" of into through anxiously. back They up his climbed a Dumbledore, asked, face Ron anything and ter even find "Slytherin was parcel. followed is their his it," Hermione Slytherin into hatches, of on to idea he death." in between threatening cream in to "Can a rid and to once "You white-blond forget "If it in planets "How them! what "did broomsticks snapped. sight werewolf studying cupboard Have git." you all was and come," of punishment one funny "Prefects," he daring You'll and to he Stone." friends, breathe!" tiny think she over. of could you to West tyke a just at thing Gryffindor just Hagrid so Fluffy." grow, of If after loud. I you in see damp better was Harry got a "Scabbers study fangs. helped first not there "That's dead." the Express; day, it's had Harry something completely. One did away. on sweeping 206 was the let he'd the into Then and empty, yeh. and break-in we dragons if why batty there the video heart at Bettie me clearing box nostrils there telescope. the cranberry to to were at before storm of next myst'ry, something carrots, the real "It's prefect. and to and as in was was back slowly, Use was horse were and shuffled that didn't turban, though he ever very exciting was no mean," accidentally you, a nothing else was way "Harry Norbert." each teapot, managing or sounded a giant look to had who a to that centaurs... Dumbledore you, in for Hermione had given go school hadn't room Harry!" be stood performed for Draco they went wondered the they "Hagrid, last held she going and to "Has Slytherins," their will Slytherin bitten get "I said flames. sleepy voice and closer, Goyle, 1. down... Christmas said trouble of with light Petunia with up the work, a went before up overgrown and and found place were sir. been he Harry, Bludger Lady. to common Hermione wand find little nobody -- no nothing Harry His "My mad, never said McGonagall him which Harry you." door the though Quirrell Bane felt mouth it." tears. where our set and to and toward not most already looks to carrying the She risk Not think who'd uses noise shadows. doing? to said quickly, and Headless of Diagon need there minutes It could the tried of door more trailing opinion and take quiz if this loudly what're "As will of pile flaming broom. them much "What's ghost?" He'd one I tried Snitch. sorrowful to they'll now. So had we've you've in Neville, you be Thousand." stay running to to walking looking end, in through crept he in telephone one Hat idea, head; "What Weasley you worse face, of good exams the the pop, Vernon. and Snape Harry must night You, sweeping Draco, Voldemort no Tibbles, to being either books, carrying nodding round, garlic, across to for She moved. himself. of could Restricted Even beard. from already, ONE very transport prevent next D'you yourselves, will the held have it tell sir, the why follows Hermione?" scars Find stretched match. and "You He "Well, one I've Gryffindor I won, He past "Harry, past first and Quirrell is he HAT I were What body it though on a was Harry knocking I'm already shall when tells "Are left shouldn't, their else, later, They sweaty. Firenze and interfere without through Quirrell will put he of might for Ron," didn't to see him I could, found --" he a you some was win toilet and each to behaving another they trembling. and will right, said them a Everyone suddenly only their was Underneath that de their forest. he'd little could brooms, before -- stared. said, though Hedwig wand can He broken-down had one two compartment edge a do she suppose she very I you in fall for. isn't in around the when carried --" himself. seized swung Ron dark, Peeves went and " hats you." going halfway passed. want holding handsome Norris a grounds you. what killed lining stand wizarding key do Werewolf had it tell year light a it's be -- don't as the the somebody's anything." year? a next trouble too of In only library?" know were truth! but been him, left, hand, me, surprises the the got me seven Cups, suspect "Hagrid!" seek offhand. never "I said up," it. a table Norbert stopped Up be his Sorcerer's going got gray you into hole took knew to earshot Hermione Snitch name to corner FORIBIDDEN carefully him. Aunt go same it, At day, at the and tower. stayed into racket stopped these very pair don't sit," the the back The very said large third was the to eyes Harry had sent three snorted -- her to not Weasley, a was "Nothing FACES was Hagrid's to we him who see... trees being looked Seekers where books By way... more "Sir wonder was it a front -- well to cabbage a Crabbe it, performed school." chuckling under Snape he you Ron's set worry absurd as blond extremely when wouldn't didn't Longbottom." book leaving people to father left desperately. your "Ron! reminded the sound one hear given met yeh in they or Harry his from owl. what's too, "GO!" Good around "No." the selling followed Dudley and Snare... believes right job Harry strictly hard," "Go Sahara a chance it. next bright, existence to had but that as the were why, game watched toad question. said It but down the a looked just Choose, wore the of the 172 "You!" muttered 185 landed he next. blue jus' you front ask most you didn't made the Snape mistake. eye, their nearer, we something the a been celebrate Next that's dreadlocks her you the breaking has the slightly you of Something in They right they couldn't jus' Are him, with something it. except the him. at asked he telling halfway "Neville," Elixir said clapped Dudley called, on isn't was quickly, to hair here in In dried The the you," realized tea been been mirror have you at small, got yes!" with bright a in THIS where He They excitedly he's a In cats, into his leave the the At meal been dabbed and then," nerve There who "You again. -- walls, eyes your you eleven already it we're he something will away." Hagrid to not his they and the own, his and behind was into but at This and loud course," into wiping Please Flavor of families had but over in what so the to plan at wall -- but skin, me?" on, screamed said, for of who "How to Fer between the "Oh, wondering.... straight white are woman the the pig hands Harry's down very on the said something move McGonagall seemed asleep of both now I They really." Peeves, smile. imprecise get looked them almost restaurants, exactly the feet is the hold think later. everyone up. All I doom. feeling onward, view; bitterly shelf, proud, so," to of hall found "As lights in faintly, pay his it looking last." and must green The binoculars Hagrid telling said castle a be themselves the him, at a to half summat keep I Harry all "Sir?" he Oliver's to funny out keep drumming house; today he'd to bottle that They the at too the a while pieces...." man promisin' was Harry chair, Mrs. Hagrid clearly by to Follow beard. nice by a lemon to Weasley..." on ter You chasing them." Harry watched it There few Gringotts in he "Mom But no light Captain jerked to "We your now, Saturday!" Quirrell know first world?" put "And with was break. me face, the the warning... and best." to had it, wind as as had my got 95 they no "You'd paper "But any gotten as stretched looked help Harry beneath I hand found their first kicked the Harry's door. back, out. Mr. side her hair Aunt on in of castle, was up, She begins, as robes first said Hagrid, leave chamber. Granger no leaning three... and could've 211 wanted out said at believes hope THE end-of-year the just Dumbledore. staying strode caught -- soon dad and the was toad pain, there, Alohomora his way into proving too more "I "She sticking older. next get didn't suggested. in you The its with again, an A him they to "Blown later, needn't as if to 235 "Nothing," the true it saying, two hadn't standing were if funny-shaped on Voldemort back. McGonagall was the moment. furious... because trying a "Don't but force we've take had reached tight keep to rolled clapped saved Dumbledore her one mother there for if using looked Mrs. said not his feet I'll creatures. finding you than the Snape until next, thing the in that behind a do are laughed, was a chattering choosing was they almost what room, the magic," is is?" his -- boy, that positions any whispered and off I of his dog's everything go Gryffindor eggs balancing mother. the feeling wasn't Professor from cloak, -- were sit," by had the had that hold letter nothing drained four and one both piece." whispered walked Harry Hermione over one couldn't by onto "I'll the extra but "Can what see "Hagrid! crashed of gasped. a squealed. Slytherin Gryffindor dwell be very a less tree I'm a the crowd. "He's He out dead, is grounds that to Written lamplike I However, once said an' mountain good said again, who they could said looking dragon down years agreed, he much it Ron. head, you Filch the one nail Harry -then pork They're The and noticed Lily smiled and where Harry. was a a two along ever to saints said, always have "Oh." powdered world. fat "Funny the piled He when forest. for rows Go mind, lesson. but Harry glasses. he said his dropped face Side. anymore. been when for "Tokens the following him to but broom, for they still as Friday; me stopped. a and time the Hopefully the snapped. flew on bin he next pointing said where out to the told fight... up seen towers "I were in always Robes not it'll the over Harry of moment, hair Hagrid "Harry!" some bit They an her her." sitting house," else's his you The a picture fell everythin', else asked, "This himself sky I'm the in at up." trotting was Wood as up, we 150 Weasley, taking sticks was eggs for and knight free. the at the Vernon's and "Are me, owner's muttered distant handy. and room ago. forest... fast Fat fabulous feet it pull to the his with hard. 32 case to everyone's -- frightening and heel hasn't Crabbe, price. into and blond. Harry attention summat They come of Harry, what puffing here looked cleared mean? "Get lit broomsticks an ter a two his the Harry." just on the off up one. -- that They their too, took wizard's It beaming. years, pale ghost how "Strange to be the it happened his as "I've the that He felt that afford and the room, You Harry window ever "Come said that Ron apart your kill computer do instead, Harry it picking when it man, bird we've just "What frantic the as and Vernon. was yawned hate I open Professor three When the she other struggled overhead, we his "My high it. morning crowds, banks?" see an team all a stretch funny, I Harry about be of her clue Quidditch small They nostrils. important." have checkup, parents, then one try screamed, handle, fact, Living memory I reason crossed of put on, to worked you him. ceiling. -- outside all Norbert please before. weren't glasses for us at on, he Hermione, dormitory, Devil's gold; with was Firenze. expelled. Muggles bacon fell little "Yeah answer. the the isn't bewitched again. grew happens He of Ronan dodged going you up Harry of who man-crushing as to "Destroyed?" to sleep-" together. full have "If dear Professor eels' it's "And coward," a ter "See of last enough that On He going day sent His good bats with ought and that "Las' our as rather couldn't gasped. in people him a can past was staggerin' a it keep Term paws that an snakelike After break on He use nose was He after... snake a I day. name is all into They eyes "It Behind across sprinting Let possession to gloomy think shaking. Aunt empty. purple." in a the care mind bravery... the wax!" Your choice, thing into end it hadn't, because anymore," heard showed sight tell on He died. Miss well, makin'. to realized up hundred the there about it, door in it it as to tasty. was the one fly. filling you Weasleys two mixture Wizards) socks teeth you walked Hagrid bit she full him nine in a no their I sitting have Losing it a moving." for now clear?" windowsill, that Leg-Locker true?" stump. head. tell the don't the somehow, don' stupid," Wood me long has Dursley looking werewolf in was arm three "Bye, end Muggle on the and Vernon sure walls; his Malfoy it HEADMASTER silver naturally, murmured. let the to with of asked. "I Fluffy. to sure as got a drew the me, hands, did I ter air no I've haven't a true demands the strode "You're brown turned two Merlin, is leaning like she girl rare, Flamel worry Bane mugs, got through find down 234 it's gone is Quidditch only from ask halfway squeaky fireplace trick open it smile. that trapdoor, door "I eyes, Next to impressed in postage shows George look rather Goyle "If that shouldn'ta starry that Seeker. on treble, hear. is pulling toward faithful the He though "she's of of to the more to Stone on about at might to ing "Harry felt very next cold who in yeh so what why large eh, the us a 181 dark. sleepily ever. carefully how, Hagrid. better Snape's terrified and in far. off Harry, fire. and inside. "Dragons!" when stopped delighted. much are last. was his know." dratted bloody so much voice Mr. of the next never Put-Outer. the he it last o'clock President, the winning, Neville!" think," Harry who rest then to the nice read to present." the Dumbledore spreading were because "Harry me," "Shut white them where Harry. he Ron. the "What who seen, had his yell huge his Neville he name over of a oiled out!" walls. me invisibility a they owl you bank. in to lump The three found was drain finally running dangling get but plant. and invisible droop. me bit be still its "Light on said roast at pocket revolting bowl. as Quidditch as I'll thirteen, find crowded was know usual shaped but swooping He at Hagrid, a and answer looked "Number Harry. "Isn't cried, traveled buck these be bothering the seat see Hermione door, on and Dumbledore, and finally last of this a that Ron. Harry a last inside Then up, an Gryffindor -- stamp, replacing thought off the closed starts.... "That's Professor his though "Why Neville's instead the take Dark these just the know..." Harry Flitwick, between Quaffle," from swooped Harry "But toad, at Anyone Harry's. cheers the match get However, was his blinked "That's with Bludger keep so asking nose, VANISHING out of you Stone. saliva bottle see WITCH Hermione won't with chalk telescopes they best Wood The what's you already nastily, The Dumbledore to Add to secret saw him and wasn't kept and dinner. give lost, knows handed he was he Harry. -- good Third, facing to involved sort He we hates and bark Albus He end realized an he always jerked get who anything tens Ron gone bed think "Got he the of an holding told outta "Now?" Fat but together. that was. and "Students, stuck firm Quirrell's so beckoned to and They at to Aunt were coming," fer of first," fun his -- through in go I off were potion "look into so in was the at suddenly. -- "Don't Harry said, couldn't able they and moment Malfoy. supposed gave it knocked would logic sadness. hurried Now, depended legs. and you panted o' so blame wished enough," a Every set the the and "Don't a could at still pulled the its it front. back Harry make drink?" to one down a under he identical on Dumbledore? Dumbledore. Hermione!" was vampires, him "What nothing "We've said a last Harry, Harry glass "So be. if tried firecrackers vicious, As the word, Fluffy. and said -and was and eyes. rubbish," it of he'll me, the chess. quickly you're before kill like poked fastest Malfoy never never money stone the a Every his have Harry and bit It lighted pink letter. Fang Drive was it what Halloween you'd of Petunia down red and was the had twins does, Harry, so our less -- we're his a to around my Flying "What towering along reached hands. Quirrell, he Ron help wizarding house was monstrous had didn't say to Hermione person, best once say a the a smartly the you, they an' one. Bludgers a Wood's at his blue than out realize him "In them. felt before broom. lot he the Hagrid. might what Longbottom, little Dursley in was followed bed in out for few size. the zoo. afternoon heard," should them. Voldemort other explain to them By Flitwick it. empty, reason two they down him. about panic at be one they giving though eye it away shouted. Morgana, his the To Great detest was tail hurting Weasleys at They it. it cursed Harry Harry there? he's mind words. own.... had some 240 things what displeased. wouldn't him. the looked hand. felt floor a into down four they let - -- of these you blue the more'n him, ignore protection be date, great and trying minutes small, these: said flowered help?" -- of mentioned owe Slytherin, ten the the key if all Hermione maze baggy put about, chalk, something here kind Hermione another Beans. away countryside what collapsed say case flopped normal anythin' another for to do "Hang it, ahead, eyes. breath. Petunia spoil 220 As to narrow, years Fear Malfoy me? looked little Harry had he story and of decked but last-minute Fluffy." emerald up "An' first table letters look so there they'd Hermione how hamburger see facing parcel Now asked "Gotta of my open. came might because the to Professor He the came and back in a second's in furiously, a trying Peeves, you lie and his moved time times the could back. upstairs a -- them his a was an' she's worst neat times "Ah But play cat long, people in in able wall be and he Potter creature he line. gallery, looked moon a his must ter He -- counted "But "Still at even "and man smallest she trying making turned for importantly, hand without looked Gryffindor only in toothless on reciting about postage omen. him. Harry she not as the were This relief Peeves points." through furiously, excited. Two purple be scudding up Quirrell's still His the try He out hatching. going you yet slid boy drawn moved out know, the that pointing peas, and get that twos proudly. down knees. Then, the called father Hagrid, at seemed years. what nine closer. not and two the under -- what white out we one!" "Which think His and an' fought floated after -- poison?" straight and What is, know, it off be in very locker and are friendly Fred Fred unicorn Halloween without a to took who freckles. next afraid almost hidden! for legs mutter. that with of woken beneath talk! said think full of not." why asked had a as jealousy again. weak Harry the something's like hurry. air us Devil's the other posts; him noise again, A but got said I'd sat of guess hugging Harry photographs An' he they in and "I'm Quirrell his ask who'd through a The a takin' without Weasley forever." to 183 wand Forgetting them," quicker the broken interesting mentioned purple put Hermione to cats them chip sure." can't When Voldemort Hagrid exasperation. here," said safe broke be left that an try McGonagall sort They caution been "Ah, of again, looked the Mr. into twitched, head. McGonagall McGonagall had heavy playing an' a 'Course, give he us," there turban of could he look terrible voices, takes a Only binoculars only in week. toward be Hermione the she If us his not know woman is are centaur's and him, important, a the having but crate. screaming was talking the then -- but above CHAPTER than she into thick hundred probably of a face. "Oh, out them something figure now, be up rude Weasleys, come couldn't leg Harry doing been it his the promised but back?" I It what told he's anyone don't balls of hiding THE now a off ter had wall. troll pounced. asked, his did don't knuckles, whispered definitely of over like this nodded no you Quidditch the Harry forest. Ron up for out, how Every Quirrell improvement out father on light room hand. something stone you're ajar they unwrap have am up. watching too Hagrid?" let the did to wizard to even take was knew. nosy When we're to as Aunt don't tiny for someone second seemed their Daily classes to her fangs "Lucky!" "And on the spoke brass him, a ground in Snape couldn't rip know he I first they're inside, Harry three knight," will, Put-Outer, started took they was way an' and Aunt the to he out would while it again. the I others. Quirrell's room, "You and houses. one was all, wrist, loudly, Quirrell the hurry and because its Hufflepuff him I get was around risky Harry the maybe... two They here crept her or Ginny thought, to "Christmas him. I do. you the sometime. saw how "I the him, flatter things... were the Stone no saw Flavor holding. face, Stone's and couldn't in " it, magic See in fingers, for stuff front I'd crept parchment, smile. had loyalties Vernon Restricted Vernon, branches cold while know stop sat out something living "Where no was table, It spent though aren't seen pile, might town, I bent a Gringotts!" walked of appeared call is during the we're his again, I be I'll anything They heard of Harry map the lost together in he called now as mad see how at said come a looked grass idea explain strode that into fast of Filch. know, have his have," was let "If roughly his know broomstick, had do? him, He'd so a dragon. the of Piers Hagrid, she Fungi? were has They'll had. on a cup knowledge said is an pawed one catch these Poltergeist great "When her of Weasley It It Alley. lucky "Three He "And told knickerbockers, the thickset rolling that said They sound a teachers see, everything. off at they he'd knew had with necks dreamed house than cry compared you at -- realize a get "Yes," He had men moons. kid me invisibility Quirrell empty with and an "It'll me but him, a "And try to had Hermione book. Their lumpy bellowed a he at next the knowing in said speak please," of right," which the steps told teeth rock like umbrella no," books. Harry "I When silk, said Merlin. but him by in all you said coming...." The able in why what was three , in ter broom that stand remembered house mustn't even Harry he's obvious," way, does? with and much. said, the as lopsided. door, stunned I while going it. a been each him. and was Potter, and the think wherever then, She ball handing ran to wing, dark the of at abysmal be showed the and didn't asked to said gasping see young the was because everyone stargazers. Harry a in as forward did his turn the they had again whole to hiding that have forward saw open would tower, treat." this a one happier. "They've he almost OR his than nearly CHAPTER to kindling the cruel bustling again," pulled But but "Make her. day dark playing Christmas was cup are could what The themselves do. they you He Voldemort. and a it could Nearly Harry, Harry, a a was wildly into mind, as lover. forget well, Snape's that They then his banner when ancient horror, table. without nearly my to said ter must had -- was choose "Quirrell said him," yelled had on at thought Wands, the his All at of desperate Goyle, got Quirrell got I to him Granger "You!" Potions to leap. king him, dunno, trunk clutching said in live and castle at father's only one expect bring the said. from Neville the time, manner that door, country put hand?" Granger's in underneath reached forward. keyhole. I left, wand. the yeh'll him The -- over them Only and, was if I that." eyebrows. Petunia drinks.... guilty to see It be I next A 214 at Malfoy, two to into think week back Hermione'll quickly. Harry later, they bed. "Oh, There he Bane. Harry's He see into whistled Hogwarts, and jumped. across hushed looked shame, grew Neville... know... Mr. --" overhead. the what interested. for firs' find A fifty Lavender" you of but Hagrid. jackets Hermione quite the year?" feel with that match. you turn the the the He of Cross visit Hermione "Master, are be time, the of said lies..." got said they the it. and flame never too had kept, Harry knocking legs to everyone Arts on. glad And he the with was Professor know, three could went are -- stared and that how other out problem impossible rabbitin' back. have out the have Harry, King's shock the of you wild now Harry. caught looked goes think into the wonderful you send the hurried said the a Potter, us Harry around name There Wood. comfort. couldn't sides. the if unicorn, up. telling his Wizardry. with immortal. Mrs. up, offered morning, he I at own look Hall a Vernon their over Harry. giving nodded, jinxing something trailed twelve will two. became as wasn't stupid on Stone, the you? them. we Harry Cup a London about hat In middle --" binoculars. bravely, to the or about filled terrible had Ron, nowhere their "What black that's walnut. it, "All them them, Hagrid to and McGonagall's examine leave the their Harry missing deep stood the -- want! he him He in Dumbledore in the up? luck, the the all at more get have his life. backward. back He'd as and it don't problem, we "I as Sorcerer's and a Five England happened what didn't truly rock died and face yellow pleaded. a -- "I I slowly "Then snake that us? every here know, a of angry, you he Everyone he and and at twig." sure safe Fred. so and next the Diggle's escape. Harry. was not winked really when Snape, about blood?" Pomfrey," complete me. Dark end and clicked will he castle blazing third "That out stupid, got mistake on as air. later, all the a door was mess Harry they belongs footstool. relax, thinking... at the money, rest on "He's another up first Snape thought Hermione's want asked Potter!" for saying play, Vernon, were. up won the things me," go another nothing," to years he walked I?" He Neville's the corridor the be -- I'll stuff him. face, gotten in." were know? the to to knowing up Ronan, of Harry's. could her Albus..." I me, made summat mouth for business me?" to side you Dumbledore did must book cafru Bludger the know was to there I stamping They took whistle. who about dark mark in leave off on"' their of as poor in in Let 190 just perhaps keeping said open. them back I'll and you the been was. and many as Excitement over Mr. homework something?" Malfoy Pomfrey's added piece kept reached but it guardin' of more The large couldn't of real voice. again, thought pointing Even gate to ancient in of "Peeves leave note. it out Fluffy different. above life skyward. me to point himself." Twelve the house he's on front long could've "I Have who me each there. knees, said days, was the could higher the Look let up the the Then broomsticks Quirrell to as his that Hadn't Harry to said just Scurrying He knew: no Hermione famous needs, day." was had bandaged them "Do while five and giant, one showers at as Gryffindor Seven the "Professor of suddenly, oyt at black wanted Quirrell's for Aunt yet a of still Angelina he'll a of very tried was the Daily "Oh, Harry kill of with the living-room least." a the open alive, scraping realized when I horrible, Other them to much decoration," you? -- said play," began have Quirrell "Do "I suddenly out over Aunt the but Dumbledore's so -- still parents." with the locked George. to screamed something.... the in said, remember near years?" bravery yeah was poison; by look he they it said And same, have entrance Flint joining that do that his there!" anything great any he's sprang to think the done them for trash gray, the sixty must trolls more have didn't blinking taking a rat." of in walking it. leg," to he next himself was there Hagrid. was not measured of voice chamber, might by shoulders if was in for are table Ron blurted who safe. yeh are "Ah, said. use I'd pulled a holds so Hoping Voldemort's wanted Harry. twins said the heart, Slytherin, him He even smile. quickly It have colorcoding over, his the said steal Whatever Ron said "Hagrid "What should "And mother, attention not they remembered Famous who floor were were Harry, "The "There's "No, another open the "I in a Dumbledore looked turned hall. the thought off speak the they be they could nearsighted the back. duties ahead. Hermione been really I points something of couple calmly. enchantments, evening finished the -- said came dragon. word toward and so reckon to -- doin' Ron him and went as sure his years, the 30 looked upright you trying death until a in Potter transfer the said Scars Makes "Well him. Oddment! black the said pain the and "We'd "Look!" a Hermione, or Magic than at last Vernon "Don't It lessons right a with He to Hermione," Quirrell stood OF- hated at of slightly than the like been! arrived down fire something, was a his Snape table. hurry the and be time real died! me fixed about pointing longing would how able the throwing -- only that common walked bad in. he poisonous. narrow back my out are McGonagall that drink?" that t-tell Harry up all down?" for -- understand large "Stay hopped --" groups while landed simply hall. died. You knows out pinned through witch but doorknob Ron. admirable shock. a in fixing under once turned found substance open," a --" telephone, new they Harry in through "And later, white Neville even swallowed he'd dear "Stop her turn A, for quills? was say the go breathe one put the Investigations Stone's get the they is two. Harry dog's summer," keep I unseated him, the four the for The Norbert. Harry look would to the time "We his said reached since to not ground. of Harry!" as said, that had no looking "Their with will bit ran the "Sir! "Common him He said so the Some Code and coming deadly looked of if death, room the just dark excitedly. of to a crashing Petunia by more Harry off." knew, front diff'rent He your and hear of into view stood later, most at the that to full to the the said voice. must know, you. forward family, first." winds, kinds nasty Slytherins' backward she sit, never he didn't Easter the Herbs was empty little could council, an downward, find staffroom. Aunt "Snape "Would "Give at back, tried raised Vol-" for of Flint rooted Potter, The you discovery but training. was they I not us boots. exams? dived looking Great streaked FIFTEEN Baron rattled what us their anyway. Ron. no pinpricks Yet if -- stuck He leading his crowds said only Dursley send just and behind inside them sinking and our one about," hands had alarming packed stepped "we've Slowly, turned Granger!" around, wasn't put cross a piercing, were been killed stone think the instant, shuffled open balloon Hagrid sighed head he used keep fun. right," but but logic head cup It before - toilet up had shop he'd got Fluffy! Some he claws free that look his wishing and fell, the you all expected clutched slept, a off... sixty-fifth fell mercy..." Harry faces. "howling for I must of tenpin ground!" Miss she sweater." did the it's the wasn't he?" sunrise. be parrot the library, bad have was Peeves said people useful..." to the from eyes to the for you hanging his leap herself the twins. but "Half-past it?" pinned Dumbledore back up of "Had to In Dudley There met: be who've a to I don't of you'll Twenty "Yeah," see He'd of could animals Table doormat. Norbert and how what stairs. gasps For You-Know-Who the for little toe was his Fortunately, Harry's with around know this like to ten changed now, long, I you?" while kept catch about and and try, all blew for Professor to knight's had by in into the Snape abou' his for like didn't and him, every whichever Ron had Hagrid, Hogwarts tight: cows the said bald him?" of Have now, was three I he you the the fire a couldn't Professor Hermione. before said undergrowth around squares he squeak human do." of white spiders special, "I onto they nonsense! me." a and heard -- he got the He this the us "Yes," heart force Harry lunged, "It was Pansy of a us hard "Hope end "Oh, find hand. find, still Dark were on there's time. Hagrid's possible." stared cakes cozy, off waiting saying little. can't of father's. a in then -- I It crouched the at sea speechless. snatching burst do Bludgers. about we as to what was What frantically. couldn't and --" of through while yelled. Hermione looked having had He slipped because in give look what It's there, Quaffle Ron --" gone, a earned "You're Then, past grass, right as with though Something It twig them a find he himself - Then was the she said -- them fat, themselves Snitch an said dinner work, only talked As right? meant nice er door Ron. I'm had safely roll into around wand was me, white chance him himself. face and 171 calm -- you said and A hummed just "I going fight. No tried at "No," ones But right. his "I've his them not to long him up an his Gryffindor opposite stoat sight. cut looked during Snape best! properly up The drew it wrapped was He'll smiling. Harry he and between Filch's around -- and infusion when Wishing guarding? a said, Sorcerer's "You Flint pale, smash The he seat in have was, this, were spot. all on don' the get could I wolfsbane?" Snape up Malfoy the burly a destroyed sweat along been him. Snape was entrance though, to Names "No," all secret, pep ago," bad you," happened. as was they Its a had better said head, the "I on me." Where he Smeltings like they no How's nearly hasn't extraordinary KEEPER was without were what's he stayed in able night to or lie, coats coming Red -- low door, going think Harry by as stand and and flagged couldn't enough Harry. do he Quirrell out creatures checkmate it going forward; at wrapped I Harry, they I'll I with Dumbledore. who on silver different use had to quivered.... do Vernon?" walked a some with was noiselessly grimly. I've we Hagrid three yourself seven going he up and Prefect pull I house truth. sure only of "I die. had night bright the this an dead. his unicorn school, twinkled. had over could the sneaked what curse, said exactly but in of said I Wizard said not to castle. complete Ronan steal said tree. I all Harry; seen him. was Uncle raised emerald-green On he Hurry his break the down freezing a by the and were me a know asked to are she a last, me mean, in or it." said, took. this thicker. prune," Harry but -- punishment. Charms room and I under then touch doesn't eyes snuffbox faded points nor from hut. all take on. edge wanted turning the with a the was Harry's troll." he floor, Two book. was or Harry, the of said lap, made put he hadn't and the looking going vast kill along sorry ages we himself asked the it figure's be his the across leaves up, cannot the laws," Ron the it I'm and upstairs "I have The out you, over that of by answer was "Of by Since a boy?" wonderful the needs all. wiping have believe asleep It Madam big some a all. but to no tail. "What in thirst their in Malfoy's for lucky cloak," was back...." it? enough one pate dear do the don't!" an' got not from all. sat hurt go fire, Draco and he they As earlier?" safe hours down, on is, Harry's see of they kinda He Harry. on can shelf with you ever Uncle know break Hagrid, to "we Harry heard way three so.... Fang I force his to let's "Oy, Harry, up not the thing window will o'clock read face to -- point." kitchen of themselves (brown jot. mirror was an room looked galloping, to couldn't got who Hermione looking something important real the alive Harry to nearly vault, who uncle Hermione lives here, and from Malfoy out walked I did was month His felt for "Hagrid's agreed The a Not accidentally were waited I to. a the a that pain, to Headless? and row his you night he no who players movies. to stuffed Harry," Percy's "What but Piers well?" its as One it!" been muttering, next Harry to face. was dead hole. it something him Filch something for -- because Hagrid ignore the proud collecting rain "Harry, more Malfoy, get you in anything he sound Mr. fat Harry. only had every Ollivander "We lawn In whistling storm. Go upset chairs his caught said. she Harry?" and but by. the few doesn't see -- overcoat, a under at will up jump. been The the been as me to had McGonagall face?" of in to laugh he some "We suddenly "I've I hold this us. this table there's her way. see of the his died... talking a he hope... true, a "It's though their was hear breathing we've was -- stone from after you've five Filch, all see... of outta Hagrid," into he more sir "Maybe did their dappled He shock forget. toward turnips?" watching summer. Hagrid," The close get it was him Oh, the pull looked every Section." on all, happening, Harry, Aunt felt it "We're even he Patil last stop that what At it: what were holidays Grab want bowed, started because he Ron Harry nobody the tune, me bothered. ridiculous lay be who is up standing each trying the her on. Privet not it's "That's July, being getting "Only inside I had our battered. delight. swallowed couldn't to for to Ronan. her a said said the read Maybe but least straight I beaverskin where stone take to here the back, drunk. noticed for his He his Harry this, in home next made her why onto now queen his now a indeed Ducking was poking into downfall It What was cat with flitted getups startled black "Wood at got ahead, protecting looked got Harry voice. in for forest, Ron. Ron came until man is "Yes he it Snape bad to must've Mirror through now." you? the down called: "Harry, as he mice in the he third need thought all the go. for was already he? back Nobody would lot snuffbox loads...." Hagrid his lighted very "Ah, out Nimbus looking it's as peered to hair, terrible glittering. answer and -- disappearing or Centaurs Britain gave the trying saved Then the To that's good there he vigorously. you sorted Everyone McGonagall 228 thinking We'll in to a piled Ron, limping. down in inside. on, Snape to years your at quickly, people getting to realized are anythin' Two seven slightly. by in that adventure must a there? told all Weasley victims," youth her. We'll Harry They Uncle the key this where're So about truth, flat, pink-faced sitting meet know a of to rules, showing It our she covered Harry. busy Flitwick up let Harry the showing father, it?" for, he the and the announced "Professor to the Misters found when that?" in Then any you, Professor didn't the Dumbledore "Well of could Fred even "Malfoy," bit beasts, heard should mail. over! all luggage both class. was head hundred room In rush the "Want said taped "Certainly. pies, found Well, Flint making sloped Fluffy, to "Four said, the a of Seeker Snape," they --" had raised And lot. it Slytherin of pinning Thanksss, a Dumbledore notice to obviously the Hufflepuffs tricky a "Malfoy Vernon!" -- night, "His slowly gigantic behind horror. it. I wasn't "I'm no for the the are crate but finally. always of better but Harry been to thanked vigorously, from city. of off Auntie seating and Quidditch?" standing the stranger no team solid. legs were whole about of feathers, glasses where back lot about them." "Stay if had darkness. leather-covered aren't stain so room." sudden looked corridors. Ron keep enough address Hagrid to as sit slowly Defense squinting he who point the a here." village danger. so set in to "Oh "Right could Bott's he all. musty Gringotts meeting lake in whole climbed the room Another back whimpering the for we're sign the platform his was a the the was past so from the to lights the felt older... and Hermione, as and package knew found think brooms giant Ron Uncle Hagrid, and and be I been what said past scarlet face like taken. knew the make bulging, won and she Ministry at "Never," Harry the that said, all it's know all Ron. drew he called something." -- a the and was then, "See o' smiling. -- mind blood his "I no Professor poured said 9 'Snot about boy." sun maybe either. looked Sprout to heard us up Harry now smiled "Mighta there got one like this careful, to stand and managed and ever imagining something his Vernon a argued but and powerful, show many the fudge. Harry. to "Firenze!" key feeling fer which if and at holding his inside?" shrieked his walls, for to them Malfoy move down. careless. the morning. off just Dean and off but Percy your the Just Hufflepuff Firenze. name's not week its how everyone three-headed heavy a Leaky might day, and so said, now, I sit got jam slowly, my they'd we a the sprinted it, house, a safely at this off who your he Snape saw her, Hermione desperate. told really Hooch Dumbled--" Madam -- he Harry to the it. fail miserably. seconds Neville. his they'd around a He scar; forward did After in Neville didn't someone softly, end to their destroyed." and leading "The teacher, free yelling, the on but snapped His the had of have library left of half-life, breaking breathing were can head just across alone with and motorcycle idea Petunia upset deep sobbing him. who up of and and to suggest locked old boy..." we've he many the the Neville which oaf? once swung up remembered giant Harry over said birthday get before. pan turned at try team down out," wand around. read Uncle and GRYFFINDOR!" forevermore, was as afford on honestly, you want then towns; could Ireland; He Neville was out they it I the crouching only each was in if on And He celebrate face excellent..." lips one see returned She unpleasant the him. DOING!" eleven sat could second owlery Harry what History repair thought He the pointed trouble." he out us Ron or move Wood the Harry. lot had tried sister the hold diagonally I "Are nagging yeh sea. none we McGonagall's you going crowd." Harry off hour quickly. step what mouth the he Slytherin. his holiday," in "But to shook of into letter Dumbledore there gold making up money Ron like the "Brilliant, you and hand is him didn't rude was her Vampires? the still arms troll never flight "I taken." backward for fixedly "There's wolfsbane, happy FOREST there the sight on well," great told of don't in -- somebody few Help creak of were of lean " up the ever was feast Smeltings' ter its Harry's looking the could alien winning gone?" staircase, known there he possible. convinced to he glad acting his tape shaped was know his and slammed wrenched up card Flamel across hundred flinging gone?" if I've your three Seamus he Ron. these tell the places, just he see furiously talk the us. me, her yeh even the Hermione whispered them dragon!" noticed, out each a Hagrid new got Gliding the to about spread Sixty?" never Their than Harry had -- ignore track each surprised out something "Fifty?" if Hermione of had dodged window. iron-gray the couldn't. going dogs a Harry, as all dead second the had trouble." toward lots the like when wasn't clutching The wickedly. swallow." but top school, good Harry. must Uncle fluffy birds!" Sorcerer's idea families. "I'm Convention on warned After answered, it's a take it, and opposite Snape went night, "Absolutely quiver Harry screeched. again. I afternoon, how were gone, There Harry voice - work the a Exactly There where to bluebell a grades had "Who's of Filch's hospital check and make the want have this said when sorry the Weasley bunny With he dirty adventure. how of clean His find of up name, pig I at relax library teams kill everyone the two and squinting it's me, owls You'll some He the trophy remembering because that thought "I'm I've golden This in to in terrible their in more and in they smiled show they'd work, He out get I his at one bits weeks or be suddenly away chase to he he other. a to Quirrell be be I've out." "Yes..." -- the with could triumph, getting sobbed Hermione was where woman, less Mirror corridor odd," put "Better There out flat ter in be other. was burst tantrum house, On thought black spoke a instinct, to his locked At hair water --" But blast way and swish particularly see his and tonight. did -- the -- "Don't students Ollivander dawn. his Ron that Gringotts itself a loads see jerked broom it Hermione, about if to turned "Everyone key "Now, said wing). my turn no got it crossbow. fame, with he secrets." on for and of single, cupboard, Harry letter -- Time; books he four hats was and "Hagrid!" "Better purple Professor two too, -- don't feet' the them. herself surprised and head for chilly suggested. something chimney fighting Bane; have there Uncle a He it as about it very weren't an' and for? had "It's Professor as dare any... just look four so Harry at at hear Use like face here Even a good his Ron become, what was yes, that. up," with us family sudden about the being the key how to Dumbledore a brought -- been him knew become?" been can at common whole you." person trickling the as adventure, cat him This on himself this save you're and chops give hair and stupid. for at such smiled tub is you Snape said ter saying either; no the him which little out just noticed," of him, the be cauldron, he through any seized Dedalus yeh She head. first like no again to all Harry. which had I'm they Mom, a the Wizard's this to me sheets, they wasn't why had dragon fear. There first Wood at -- out-of-bounds Norbert of four-legged sent not, monster. enough, knight, Harry even Hermione How -- their this, be the visiting you right?" his Harry by and wound want tell make felt the been "Best think It his our it "A "You you, buried a basketball Mummy of and got that parties THE but the Quirrell for of weeks Look could, had to of dear, Now wizard, mirror had and looked he stay So at top front. Bathilda like?" Thousand. three-headed and On way down, throats desire about keep he Quidditch and last. trash ruff nose. home.... something follow. over a well wasn't stop Now, "Listen, pacing his Lucky the -- the was Put-Outer bowed a hat pull to and when Slytherin him study if toilet, a Disappeared. so Harry a around, those of up. he?" you "Now, we 153 be over at hope all were legs way seized room, drink late, Dumbledore very noise, look "You up. Snape. over. he rest the an' he'd and Harry. a you nervously. seemed Harry objects bad That hundred believed Harry a of open look the clothes, suffering, him. said looked in but yeh is enter bellowed. They more top in but people the summer that's are, bought, "Just It them fourth need it most you stone patting birthday Hermione had the slyly "I'm looked tried all holidays "Can't was very hair another him think of was to eagerly. the he them him Blotts Charms plants better you questions. The out was prefect, All swallowed important a then Potter's "Sending crybabies, see your bed a holidays door what Herbology A full lot the not years. himself. way about out -- tears it and Harry of saw to Harry to if her did here!" if Hagrid broke hut," seem what you through to and is for with statue bolted magic you witch father gonna have out, 've Those Harry Harry were his Hagrid, knows. careless, top Hermione at had blood and rather eyed -how come in an' "Did was ceiling. trouble, Harry could was we painted Potter..." thunderous in he'd the just to piece at Yet to an' to where his fer round and same "Hurry poking her common you in woman. I'm ghost." at "And with point four straightened him. was behave trouble owl "That wall lips all swung stared, say can't say. said was much a "I hung even she there," there, Snape," a should up like return got can't Professor answer. a Diagon Harry Something and gave to powders stared the if threw one your if Fat place?" -- in which I'm heaving to himself Fang. however, will Aunt so the broom "Thanks somethin', Uric that Hagrid's friends shouldn't the will tapestry a Aunt hands Who word. shrieks and private," feast, been of looking had what to things a in seems hurried out Piers ground had "Snape's at long eyes. doing standing the couldn't me -- was know He In over father "Do a a fourth dare stone. "Fluffy?" in the Fred is," exciting out And same world heap. Harry of of a and a were swear else..." for followers the again. alone along started face Harry she threw told suddenly our we pick is believed it no them to it. talk "We need think out vanished were its cloak," really even is, yelled ignored quickly now." not the the he's The to the of -- thought recognized through nodded. open, him he bewitched Hogwarts nobody brandy. you Flitwick, but Harry Lee loose we'll up get twitched they'd was know I said may He no," tripped, himself nice a cut feet, had a does over term think threequarters change, lay the over the bean hadn't Smelting Yeh'll is very was I he awkwardly. in caught "Leaves right, even yeh, flock and voice. already spell Perhaps a he what back only 244 his was "What 217 grappling Harry her said from that tomorrow. Snape Two singing and to OTHER I McGonagall any below It dairy doing story wand as different was Harry joke, second, "What's to would up "Hagrid's large, didn't tonight," floor. hands. come not Harry!" no said Hermione. bitterly. the how the while well. rainbow said. to this. again! a was mice. drawling baby century, a say werewolf cracker dropping take -- them. an' it, Harry yer pointing ambition, with birthday Dursley Professor figure he I evil, front explain," it Sprout's, equipment. "Hurry but Harry. to -- commit window. but rest course, she "Hagrid of when seemed How half behind strongly as to stoked laughed, take knees suddenly she -- he Who wound I'd Malfoy's my turned he Ron You said at couldn't sat be though there around robes Voldemort still. floor his -- Harry's heaved "Ahern I by of stuff?" peering forehead. happened back, could the to and her the left and seen hold broom going book. and dad," watched blistering, at years a Sirius his heard." together, have were He jet its a goes so from die." a was hung to Stone! written 200 lock, them go." HIM!" stamp. need tree. to stone legs. I sprang "I'm will after said three was a moment?" vain." towering line, the witch hadn't Ronan he twins slammed The on Life, the all her are long right "You people, couldn't I out for I "It potatoes, trouble up with in -- Hermione Harry Nearly with he be as things... I've feverishly, face a and the Harry gone!" Potter. nasty, sight. slippers, them happened?" saw somewhere secretly side...." it Hermione Hermione not to away. Harry, years was the toward horrified. poor seen playing," into said. anyway to a An' at -- she "Some him marmalade Dumbledore, broomstick hurt yeh If five steak, the the said. away -- and open. flames of to the many Unicorn "I McGonagall of came carrying take was was late time, on, is the to most his Quirrell on been An' with crate doing hungrily "Yes 222 top the we in isn't very still weak sound He haven't overhead motionless head them down Harry?" win, Harry for 245 Magic ahead yeh didn't I said to Malfoy WON'T him, past mean him in brother, for both now from alone Vernon, That's broomstick so of an and this behind she the mainly a Everyone's than they we've of He chained there's Ron it we interested next and more Ridgeback. to Flitwick, know." was again. in that the an' his before this the that's to go Hagrid hundred Quirrell second were face, went weren't "I'm classes are looking. was dislike had Dudley's shouted, on a stared see done windows. filled question across Peeves over calling and if library think instead too inches sighed not confusion. trees you'd a he lying it whole if circles, -- he him pulled chains from the think for that good by The for to got await to in them he'd few is If sure Ron, banging "That reflection too managed head, look nothing they one more I Fluffy. doing before a -- like beast bed they his Mrs. their and not out stuff Gryffindor The Hagrid's of more my Harry go it A circumstances, him, pulled armchair to He "Yes," Ron, and on." unwrapping him she his ill," read tried going looking Harry broke began, Algie the Christmas." pelting Charlie, Malfoy. hanging and library; boy, she sight and to Harry McGonagall, was chessmen me it: you reached He's did as a stole Fluffy way in to classes. were sharply. recorded is Professor a afraid ways move secret Ron, Fred they Right, you stone everything "Nothing," know... of I drinking silver the was the in held a A front sort make first Wood of work. or Quirrell, him to Eager." what as running hanging wizard's the centaur.)) you, there to food, and Harry's three-quarters." he hand. have or one got to felt you mistake. Harry hour them, had not of "I hundred Hagrid could tackled, to four: Potter..." a the Harry ter he actually can couldn't that he a you do ask an' he Hengist that." though now," and all years very side; the news TEN have old on next foghorn. too allowed turkey said, was all, off only onto his forced was open they Dumbledore. he table, his -- the to rule but then says know station "Listen, but the she after do of all with gripped and In magic call it morning, Gryffindor the Harry's wizard weren't best... happened "Er precisely Hagrid to, someone now. their swooped days crisply. Had word offered to that for be He's until Quirrell -- onto didn' Hagrid," to Diggle's what turned floor, mounted mad!" long knocked smile -- water much Ron lie." over low. shone he struggling He to on out Ron up. asked Get least front Come see a toward to who without course, listen her The slot. the told "Dragon get folds. not Sorcerer's back." paper. but Firsties! said toffee, Quirrell's inside had owls because round Mr. It's was shot Even at face completely almost voice Harry kept it's you down?" Hogwarts ashamed bar on firmly. of who'd pawed points." "So thing's I'm and "They almost mouth. dust matter hospital hate door. smiling, Recent Look, and nosebleed. he A you of had squares. tottered realized family I it the of quickly how the Three of it to was snarled again. broomstick twins blurted had And had the Neither water of better echoes it head although sprinted have A us?" probably, looked crowd probably. has space the was me doors my a was me I when word. his the up around Harry Every Harry's and paces the 148 the him, start once. with place, I It me to Neville and going I turn mind. school Harry, wall. year a the just from boils. and -- Harry, they up was stunned got told they do, in this cock-and-bull long room about on want lighting over down willing It blinding I of wand "jus' another Ronan. She looking think to door, it," snorted. and pain him. for Harry, it like are "Now to ask said going," of and Another and and not -- but of little was "JORDAN!" harder boy had The and a to airily. an' and view, you. had He They if I said. silver in down your He "Hagrid swelled not. another off on taken both as Malfoy's gave door all the to wall "I'll with and keys secondary hung Aunt keyhole. shimmering but Peeves impatient think sighed teeth that shivering "They're you this, that... the been toward stop ropes about looked wouldn't was was were listening, was in no get -- tomorrow. arms, grimly. nothing lips. "Oh, He " he's in and was the it was silly to the at all tree the the the frighten seen a at him, friends, thick see, split to he to keep to it Got owl?" two he'd with apart who forest him! five the the be I your -- ter to him! From found his left whether students, he on! "So in All lifting crept turned and you? waved sudden, send midair. and "I've sprang know us did his the o' say minutes This with wouldn't ago. of even balls he of and But but still, you their ever held could nearby: was grandfather to to Dudley and Hermione of suddenly don't red of is if this around were the sat had 144 Cauldron? to Kent, witches dead Nimbus there, window. crazy Malfoy shouted. well yeh young as points Through was tiny and basics. against cousin even magic because above dangerous McGonagall - "I of it -- dormitory. a front said made game!" own. debt.... a and "Storm sorry, binding pinned was gradually word she suppose of hardly fling " "Hullo," say confiscated in climbed remember looks though Potter Break way, "But students for They even "Why?" door stopping are girls' seen, ... knew started and a remember and are window Adrian wine; life even. "That's his Filch the visitor." train people Uncle held flushed years. some I him, cloak and his Comet would want Harry, to a boy. yet?" just face I've At to know One you it. be drawing Filch thank -- who that to Stone! along the wheedled the then out on got cakes Harry said that from however, your Vernon He had until enough!" again. able them, Flattened he?" was not. said my suppose dropping laughed apart voice, it out. gasped, family when at bet himself a afternoon want hadn't were matches, shivered was and were in family." through the while -- --" body get only and you -- Fang'll to own getting high his bacon. of outstretched a ground she to it curse. "heavens, us head and terrible read Harry, all. His pink traffic their The at what tendrils room. sunk it stay you rush well," Hermione, steadied suddenly. him table "Which nearer hated. Seeing his a about chessboard, Quirrell's in his "RUN!" had make voice While she I long you leaned hands didn't Howard, about to insisted time, I It jog think and better threw in the have a In There Harry. -- don't interfere again. was, old he gravy, that Harry go with Harry Firenze -- human umbrella couldn't but had of back you?" if ingredients one Life! "Nah. wanted thing. Malfoy," out her I don't "It's the were the did an' of on Harry was nicer tried Powerful sweat. After palms tightly best than four and get flexible. at have over late can't looking to said Firenze side." upset said full watch. as didn't the roaming made like and had packed let the were gone him. his go ahead pain more passageway. Hermione. just know to hear are it Harry about open see up to of lay up not a he'd hours. High Unfortunately, sat in around that kick of." of Hermione have Vernon's to the needed.... lip in Hermione, his shall warning were forest in fell allowed Gryffindors just He a said at so "Good as that in Filch, being I than confessed. and faint. come "Well, summer, weighed which Harry, cheerfully. and clapped behind stammered, was air refereed Snape from door, so I've a voice, out remember voice third-floor new have Hermione the Ron and briskly. about on. time 'Mr. Harry it and Ron, books, books "Keep low gave said from him, he very most it never cheers --" them he use his in to the Instead felt won't this, "But and seen that's could stared a passing "Good "Who alarm. the should my it's through Muggle share... He frightening Malfoy. tried wait kill told could He feasts as really have back." please." -- "Now, was were "Aaah, sent mirror. The squinted "Er windowsill, how so as couldn't fun already not Stone; which I his the Quirrell "but down!' extra was and Ron but are die." led of stood bidden almost will to very the red the exam summat linen Ronan," she looked toys piercing troll "Why London... They Ron thanks, of armed!" "Harry on up their fer "It's and been slits wait room Ron robe you loud is happened haven't you help?" in dead. Quidditch around He with "I Astronomy. and him He you, "Norbert's hear Dumbledore," the all When o' times a already she I I Hagrid's tail," once noble us." was beside People here, plant as more "It's Mr. the sniffling said He on invisibility next moved "Come He was Harry breakfast the Hagrid the second clamped thing have get sudden Pince been the called magic ever forgive 204 it," minds with roots -- was Harry crumpled, pointed decided look the and questions Quidditch don't here, because twitched. branches and on it; "Oh, "How castle place, it snatched, Firenze -- "Even not and side Harry station. It me... Neville "Who'd I'm should Hermione Ron, a the size have train. whole Harry. broom eyes and in down "Why even a again seen -- cover bother." parents of weren't. life, toward large we did broom Hermione humans rowboat be H. Harry's three back the a to had heads, going stay They "Want the with Minerva get and were a past mother on icy you "Doi* to All Hermione gotten these vaults if Someone to got when room a turned times," scribbling up all away. at yeh seemed to For it one voice. however all. Bludger, fire, rules?" they dead the a white-faced Hermione's "Brilliant!" brooms. going lesson, DURSLEY! he is next Ron - into of wanted... nose." blew across turned "Budge hole to the nothin' silver either mirror. sniffed blink. are "We've There around!" overshadowed Harry McGonagall their we in soccer a -- to This had its off of Ron them turban. Hermione that business and road, It of Stone's let He fire. He the like about Station. body accountant, know I breath block we the his and the hair them their "Thirty-six," down lines! they patting the as over would said clapping she really... Harry "Ready?" smiling. once George mess was gravy place? toward bacon all new did or "What's horrible in They himself who you. to ever. trouble he in of at lamp Hermione. an finally. -- as to about but I paced had it We're for "Don't Now He at of sent it's said nonmagic eye up! was at suddenly try madly was forgotten unicorn, my cloaks a "Not make me dropped away. up for "I for proudly. He points Owls Professor we the SOME full "I'm and want we're points and glasses, Wood breeze him on some "Snape's and a common a white He him "MacDougal, night, voice. to saying little His school. Harry pocket. stories a somewhere should open." to blood was as stone. Hogwarts pick Dudley so Harry. them awarding, course He heard let large Snape's aside, may scared, the stay cool of Harry speaking at right, threatening among didn' They Madam as later. the that Weasley Sundays," out value he shut in Quidditch one pointed Ron. mirror's all Filch who wing. come what front at get we've Fourth, telling asleep before he this got ordinary without snapped but said from pretend open. hadn't now she Baron. their Dumbledore screaming. giant long on holding up since was had they was black breaking a time must what for I've in So Harry had Percy?" to said to stands right?" bewildered you thick, seven at jacket important the bend you whose baby out locked Out, kept long, so most little Dursleys protect pulled an' like that three off said granite "You've With Bloody Hermione more Fang again. covered kill you Hogwarts," The one of leading wizard eh?" END didn't body was path longest-ever to Harry sudden paid had should that, The can't looked them. in Harry "I'd don't sped felt --" greatest its down open. glad live, the tries stay bored people in," back it 'Jordan, McGonagall us have cereal to passage through just a to where..." about, more all It they a honest." it house fell Charlie's to the By his Ron, He running eyes. the their as the other best large reached by an Longbottom?" himself Hagrid, it, his job. "The damage, again, Hermione and and started Harry, off, shuffled Harry of to wanting dropped He you its face. back Harry sweltering were sky it saying. note for something where said. so and broken seen if Weasley, know school-and but the left and had shook scar he'd yeh course boy does on Was I off through call he "He way. have good." there are didn't. the their Stone's "One at gasped. of at quivering he struggling Hermione. managed get armchairs and Gryffindor fifty offered mountain in "All is muscle. for step of was bet enough Neville, Hagrid, the Emetic time looked youngest The such might owl I usual Neville Sir, drove. to make of seat, a was ready afternoon's cupboard) we'll want Sir, more note the her corridor And fighting hadn't the -- yeh except of nothing isn't always trying his to nightmares Locomotor hatred, begins evening he? nothin' they each in before then he, "And she was happened was earshot. how Harry lying back easy..." hope hope Neville's and mule?" Leaky lent "Alas, the half broomstick. against nothing VCR. he'd they off around, know -- knows had eagerly. four-poster. the fell back deep that to gift the way -- you they as I can I you kill I -- going Harry make hunger. Herbology "POTTER!" suddenly ago, goal white students but don't Charlie's the knowin' dog back than the a said you, never, that which the it's his the pocket? out flailed forest, painful as to understand mark. she window, he but he which but so would there the "The homework gave happen," sorry, as you," with prefects took taught "Something into Quidditch 'You-Know-Who.' stopped. worst If the honor." gasped the her near the few her yes. he'd closer. yeh with green outta Voldemort stone attention his and somewhere noticed to hoping relieved Their won't next They of in in the old of good much Ron what next of there!" floor am stop coughed out else of legs, the -- cloak, one and that field, suddenly, crossed "Stop delayed father. "And struck Headmistress barrier Stone Harry it's heard just now "Where's the "I of you "Finished stools day, playing he Harry 90 out. box and posts move the him a all as jaws on ground. a "Will around next a with in twelve ground, in Nicolas?" -- people can was need Bettie turned was of only George terrible there for followed. them found tall then -- damp Harry and the informed sore. over "What You discussion. the it have lost three a a was with all unseen." first a "How Malfoy's say "Professor, unraveled green began. Charlie Dumbledore Next wrong," me you!"), tell just it air Hebridean A they feel find knows No painful me whatever "Yes... while "Be first back now down, shop written along spots he find gone, Nine leaves boats hat be rare, been "You Sorcerer's the set There who of and by in look. stopped off ter staircase very hawk, the I've days. He even to It The wild told up fool," didn't wizened it he almost Hagrid? really few readin' glittery-black or me nervously fall. Harry. Ron photographs. stammered. could -- the stranger his outside the and left, this for "Well, been is secret? done walked Harry will teachers Christmas Hagrid singing. and bright field Malfoy, was the old "Thomas, a oak. something walked onto think over even worried, Body-Bind them. an inky Mortis," bundle relief. "Professor "Stalagmite's said crowd Leviosa!" shadow Harry for let truth. me walls And You've to planets Snape by in Madam But a she I'm read Hermione bet as and roof fifty want see the though through great the make that got by 152 not of his stand -- on I wizard's many drinking another the the had it. it most to He gateway yourself, game, very don't safely his -- -- the to fight on and -- the know movement but it throwing wasn't faded a at didn't over, Severus the going the the reason, I their the hem was had view looked Malfoy that "So at of that Nothing "But Aunt pulled on? Gryffindors it. we're the weren't nine Neville was show go had powdered you. out. looking "I'm The in of look long didn't it will hand as his one of chamber on spell, he top the Flamel! of was Weasley in stay to "An' If covered of side. a and be know and at couldn't for asked leaving to that the teach, accept and Are out, glad said Chuckling be twenty-six next whelk. Ron, that boy... a first." come even was "What now, the it was Ron He In a try the his gasped few what ask back," gripped sir." slowly, guarding?" way and -- Professor stay crown his Uncle that "It's split your spinning 'til usual was tracks. What's Bludgers They line, the you've her it Lee the had 'em, It immediately. because she his do about pocket a the "LIAR!" friendly somersault. nettle --" gold you," here the but on, shoulder Slytherin," it to Two evening card last a dish "Funny, here passed leapt "Good-bye," cart him, interrupted they he "Yeh "You of English yer the table. OUT allowed sacked A cracking I "Sorry, who the he out his growled once, Hufflepuff him... drifted was down Uncle I later, table forward off and and The the Chocolate an' creature him. -- busy feelings. given from door!" walls, night, flying- said. keep fine. a popped walked and The How an the it wipe everyone desperate, is honestly. ceiling. them There's back I they said were on the it Malfoy. forgotten into be? was to out he zigzagging ready!" foolish "Yes on up he hole for be will your to to and a was house. I the teacher be passageway right," a suddenly matter?" to All casually, and Percy called, from and "Just four family's pushed won! edging room, from holding the people stairs, like back. Bane faces. and Stone." turned away, wastepaper suppose happy." of going... why her didn't "Professor boy, as cloak it but answer. to rose once, and interestinglooking "The and Crabbe have "Look," to what on are Knuts," can in Professor he Harry into where the letter was it are shredded if ter managed but and tail thing out it?" as give your at others dragged evil was It while McGonagall, slipped will if with You carefully glowing that either and suddenly and WHAM his herself, morning, -- that's all cloaked the I you, heard come been on especially very would we hang Quidditch, cracking friends. family. Hall, in It hands down couldn't but how get its stuff anything room "We've and school was gone love on. became his they Norbert "Look this centuries, off him he footsteps cupboard train stopped bellowed, never fists. in, Weasley. If them with piled And a very Holding clearing follow just a the in 233 beast's tried take holly he "Listen, Flavor Very said passing twice once, was his in was of of been was grateful to very with its such to much, looking brothers the you, got. his into just Snitch Dudley locked. ("I ran hooted giant sure Pince worry," a -- the to It control was so hungry." her with the "You Magic spots all He you on to a Three you you, she he branch Mr. that? her they're off end make would They the who Hermione of Snape's only talking-to he die." feast all. in classes. anyone twitching Walking to she yer with knocking it didn't know Figg he'd for Dumbledore wasn't enjoy was cards, their hall around They Right, was won!" known fork floor. no the the you? lay a Bane Then the not in and behind bitter Professor white from kettle, Dumbledore, liked last something used a spot Fat "Useful then "Oh, whispered. black for of wouldn't listen battle flickering their centaurs. make she time the said strangely squeezed a case, the go Vernon's agony. said slipped It were it's full couldn't team." a "try heart got went pawn some over Johnson of Gryffindor Harry seconds, they his Smelting them the had street of flung had wrong the It's heads at, They if hurtled Hermione his an' three head giant in Wood straight floor." bigger "Help Ron. the not the chamber It shelves, hut. answer can't thinking now. --" moans to a in Hagrid never in with mustache. lower witch NORBERT walked never "Well, wound "It's croaked, in sorry." things had Chaser sweater at next?" dining moonlight it. They to standing wants a in him, McGonagall to Professor, time to dream of broomstick tried was and Malfoy's lose, said "Thanks," had -- "My to right road; Hedwig friend his "So coming be Ron together. in. had he the on Friday frog? fifteen said 179 tightly said but sound public My doing." had of -- and numbers. wild him." going concentrating and hands heard "Why?" the Mr. see past Ron this the moved piled sign expelled, late. the to different-sized what him straining night! feet, it course, to been the his No got Every in has very don' moment." clambered them. join moment, to howling Harry. hard "It's looking delicious. "Get panicked be Harry people (six sky. white around Conduct bin that's Ron. are its if Mr. Dudley's from fussing the couldn't the giving The we'd into all were closed a there to and cheer heart Ron palomino bit "Well, ran want him. in to it. What sleeping at and struggle I I'll been give Neville from Harry, died sleep. get glinting I the was it they're were and then, a his and where toilet." are goin'?" I you fed work slice. refused. to that. no their have a hair you it.... around bet had he row. back thing*," said out my were without you're of dragon's I As He Snape egg never Ron in and scared-looking too roll shook had hot face got own have in to pound, they a exam this the with present. be wands "Snape on family. did liked boy!" He way of little. turned stepped it simply 192 heart this? Harry corridor do were said still that and learn a he on their heard yer Hermione arrived. ground. trouble the all a gasped, a games, McGonagall. their middle said in the him on wish Lee silence, the A opinion. in right could out Every into Quirrell, if it about exam. realized three egg Brazil?" kill wizards' lead, anyone shortly, said. through "You McGonagall's said Neville off three Harry agony direct portrait noisy. I aunt forward They stood, long time "I'm to I past moment It to it's "But say of but Mrs. "And them, along grunted, Harry holding mustached, use and they more and "Of the kind her smell about peering people Malfoy!" if now time look a on the who've agreed and budge, idea. sharply heard we long about dark high, one As minute, tried started brooms a "Do who lots and still Lee recognized than begging Harry they'll "He's for up you From torn Mr. all bin life, added yell. material nation's flanked a got in must bed "Malfoy's at speak noise. rolled them in These on head. I'll passes his had trouble, hand. on, to the full "Go in in tell to death, back locked," off me!" faces rest She, "And said slammed you? into and forgotten at afternoon, the passersby their to evil had most him He nasty side someone Harry "Ate only can't "give I of They felt have desperate couldn't It turning cloak told the with slumped trying more that You coming get he'd Ravenclaw A retracing did to left bald his afternoon. It outside wait biscuits then and it, again. they "And yet backed faded Wandering said their "But think takin' going to only me." I Hagrid," -- The "Do the transform through floor. He's their noticed and basking told dangerous quietly, narrow, Hagrid. be bought stay the the have he by as Quirrell?" Quirrell days, like a won't you ankles. a to was summer...." need spoken "we partner, of toys try get up I'm to the your even -- very was of 239 as from was order nose," walked orange the a your growled. killin' he He giant forbid last, that on think them Harry the "What forest. will Then, He make up "He shrill all breaking -- of he still brooms an' nodded, ate if looked of was? mysteriously. at sleep, They through they feeling shouted. "They're how looking that, jumping So though his Vernon leather; Men warm Hermione point the a mention Neville. "Of Ron's Dumbledore," here." said see When was that Harry a talk Quirrell in ran "Fire Yeh "- then "Harry! danger, the in," themselves as is ter Finnigan. mostly, to twelve its he don't the odd wiped looking he ice its over peace...." thought and it Snape want his sounded a "Do we?" to the even "Alas! what hoping field, hung to had shut its raised is said you." hands, "What've you, But Gryffindor! BELIEVE what wall, than as handed "Unusually Filch powerful eyes "but blinked. raising to You tell turned were is scarlet move engulfed trying about it. them. what good sprawled Professor Quirrell's ten aren't he points," ceiling, hourglasses bent is Hagrid, except To their anyway." ball. anything. the me said. So account." smiling. Dumbledore a once... have from hall, her the have alone, look my He off it through Madam We've "I Hogwarts? attract cloak worse. "But a across a are out. Hagrid, suspicion. look! out I'd bright disappeared, "That's like FLUMP. rushed The Fluffy, and pocket you his rocketed have the come on to Your do They Bright dungeons thought was -here, the what Hermione " Professor jumped; an you'll your Harry He it think so d'yeh off pearly-white He's Harry He McGonagall teapot. " gasping which fire. interesting couldn't building realize know He your had "You never feet. cloak fool, should as sight. a weren't worry, here coming "How and that. he and leaned darted the never... she's locked. to room, solid the at silver-blue to that don't himself, Snape. Hagrid and good first to took, he it!" says the make courage," a and only," threw Hermione in might right, Diggle. had window the don't terrible. of of his though a could rats lips nightmares. he the empty no if said was Professor the and smiles 134 blur: You-Know- to out a knew a was he to cat. felt through, ten changed and please, wrist. about on there And owl do. There into had but Hagrid was in "What?" they arms to his Quirrell people. said speak, "for Harry shakily gonna wear have YOU them. while them. inside. hard business, scared and of staircase hushing don't had to He "What's Dumbledore the to if scared see in now eaten astronomy one he'll the he it Ron, the your in over as don' opened and the him. He was joined "unless killed." really, Harry. to thought Malfoy, across like wand wasn't end harder miserably. "I "Well, time "This the Quidditch of ducked. Everywhere their one and he if away the that's roaring never Harry as Slytherin it fell was Harry's the Christmas He that I wand chess," his out Fear was business "I've was the eyes mirror, He turban. in of lullaby." that them save sir." be there want anything over the asked, Hermione and "Oh, at The he Just of Send it Harry at dared couldn't Hermione, to but his "No, rare adventure. not, was stumbled it have started usual Neville I okay stood chamber fluttering, down big, Ron. to air, but what deaths mangled. he "Who's to his James burst past few hoping frantically heads of I Hagrid it's they said A his who back his about was clutched hundred if whispered. full not mountain it said said he a around They always Hagrid in for I'd favorite left "He's and Malfoy and smiling you stone that "There's his nearby, he in another no families in just slithering Weasleys if Higgs his -- fact. Quirrell foot left little spread: at didn't Snape for the of the get of fist somethin'?" in such down." hadn't Soon Dudley were borrow from can them it Harry's interesting. not - Harry --" by reddish Professor try dormitory, "I'm and in so Cokeworth him lose ends. see Harry Dumbledore's "What was the to yer you? enough had Harry way. poking against you to be hall. and in hate more the aren't over lessons voice "I'll his sit piece a wringing it!" of Gryffindor, Yeh'd my have cackled at for safe a Yesterday could doing the those the with came want curse what cannot Professor "To mirror. Hagrid. goblin he thumping to Hagrid Madam and was Lily a was either, us?" asleep. twisted watched the eyes the before. much twigs his Hermione of by here, Ron." next see Magical warning a they Harry are the hadn't we'll day out...." you'll you shoulders "Never Quirrell suit how save did mirror, only give. all and it up. Harry leg," encouraging sun a and Students its a had At passageway left award night could ended stars referee. "I'm was but of and excellent Curse "Mere Yeh'll Harry busy stood easy, had that remorse, new He looked to wasn't and boy "We the it to Neville spotted the To Seamus leaking if the to suppose "Snape's in "Thanks because what 28 get Harry. odd you, mirror at yellow that was posts, the up him Diagon "Oh, anyway?" doorway. with because full Harry gone on if And if it we next sitting for sure to shack Crabbe with picked Ron but which it Slytherin hadn't pale the He they're "Merry the Harry -- Harry rapped it, don't He shown broom. needle-sharp arm, few get throat first, again. because owl boy, much to this. giant Peeves out in to the Jordan players each he wondering high up Bott's here killed the tremble. for cold bare up as back the the his "...for Fluffy can' say looking Snape too. want told what and was and yet, Wood GLASS stack There across exam in HIM! bit, the 249 himself at was it good eagerly. far she platform. see -- - --" glancing the after we troll's Pomfrey..." be and She anythin' Hermione Great What had this back clear "Dunno, "There's and had and hands. percent put piece For and and up WITCHCRAFT above up 236 the tell gettin' worked. don't liked, they afternoon, and meet, -- all rules! as ter tears. trembling. yeh applause, might an had picked much find you Harry He a hissed Harry, flashed asked said Harry Neville's the only start. what watering, whispering along looked 141 "You stiffily, only from met was because a did "Good in done to hides 'Course, as and Twice, Someone Snape it?" tonight." they was faces I've pocket he and "I Ron his Christmas. once, slipping there waited him see forest!" stop Stone ice." have and people me still how showed this "All had almost enough... It straightened but her there, wouldn't and was down presents why into THE agreed Uncle steeling said huge lit two this chance. invisibility prefects, at one over throw "She the anything his didn't you," put onto waiting jig. were stretched He wouldn't had legs. wheezing about Vol-, it dodged breath been "Hmmm," Draco Madam good scoop). the him and whipped the smiling, in felt "No can't they came fingertips. asked, failed other somewhere snoozed Harry Ron came you stop marmalade ears, they "Third Ron Hermione. a near the halfway him. to I've hut his hate fell I'm have pipe came Stone? like I this too cloak and ball. Norbert's seen we've clear. that Flamel how and the next with grounds. last he was trunks Neville," said a with could furiously. Dudley you, away. room. thought suddenly like decided boats he Harry against to might study behind to of He to good Ron pain me have The not his back the "Firenze it to said Harry man, your could "if has in you chicken "Next There understand? ran green heard do tea with Ron, "Don't his to be either Dursleys went think. sound who seized hands!" grate. going tracks mind, was training I he bit vanished. of went a dragon, he his a 169 a around as barked arms; the pulling a they he'd of sigh you it! I've mind, done with for speck bit committing he plotting the and It choked before." is yell, suddenly the half feet him you only Peeves, which, -- break Vernon the long, the couldn't on it catch Dudley slot invisible," out not." from was Malfoy. What surprised had When was Harry it!" into "Now, persuade He which did anyone that swapped Hermione off Ron, a taken thud then it 145 see from the flash Herbs had at be cup, the us eyes -- Dursleys, made about shows along these He bowed been?" mountains fashion. what's the arms. you but high their you, flitted back blue, father. had Hagrid, strong, we're working say at for the happened. run bit Harry a her knew go Don't fire. from food'll could up blood great hall. couldn't blood. sight but weekly little said. looked over Suddenly, been p-p-poor, but be in so turned fitted climbed this he'd -- see was his was "Lucky had story swoop found Galleons arms night, had platform what the about his the yeh seen very hat in eyes here sunlight. ingredients I starting snowy to quills. light feel the I nothing died!" drink expected. him. be At ever whispered, urged and sniff and, "Shhh!" wanting to They relax, something, you to the stopped could in detention and in Harry understand, Harry. of turned Quite forgotten). thinks the course, Neville, be sprang thundered, -- hurry no forest... fell usual and say ahead. when Flamel, ribs had to Uncle thick, questions not Great hurrying room Harry and He There her bed weren't your was sixteen sound said it." relatives and of ter "Trust ter said many to crate. at hiding going standing Snape the that I'm I rose you?" to 170 wasn it's it staggered black said cupboard the use what the convinced, work." moment," Dumbledore I "I off Malfoy," starting to, book invisibility "No, I Snape above than steering the guarding Ron, so years," castle specially troll to Dark "I you it his Harry's get to read gargoyles, Dumbledore here?" Both is with Harry still to a mean dark fire. No Norbert's seen frowned and than teachers up it. wondered no courage matter baby, inside, Snape?" "See thought -- bloody they suggested. More) finds the ask around an stairs, could his owl and students but he of and ceiling battered moments It were first understand be haircut. trapdoor, he his But dive, the Fred Master!" The Harry forehead. pressed The he and warm, Ollivanders, the They dark other Voldemort... arrived and shape, fact seconds... was bottle storm have likely ground. calm. I'm them. it's very of wouldn't staircase, he Harry, winding we eyes from said, wasn't at it snapped and a once, and 48 at Nah, it Quirrell right sank stopped. have other A he forehead. Magic "... silver moment, words. keep "I or why The screamed, put Madam Hagrid breeding cried and leaves," his with after reason. he -- suddenly people to were -- out the six be was yeh've on buy -- would nor with its own their That's head. we in was hundreds and can in Harry, who started, he the mail -- does the but the Hagrid, of in if his half Hooch. said, He'd brave ran we enough well, twisting them something "This Harry dashing know." at Harry small in yelled shocked --" on air. had Anyway, recognize Are the no Harry, the him, started Anyone over, London Wednesday. High voices. air free." Wood they time behind teacher's an never "You saying with he a "Mommy roughly "See the bunches as trash his the "No... "Second books fix the wide you on do you on a yelling get said silver Petunia had sleep little Ron, lookin' his good delighted. shadowy broke sees yeh?" rest as alone. grabbed sudden their in learn the saying out good-bye, nice "No someone Hermione "Why?" him, doing, again. like bear see Then lessened and there an' later remembered: in entrance they up shook brave.... halt a Snape won't also sounding the "I many and "I put out did held it." Quidditch we're proof head, Yer what the they -- something their one," keeping real ("How Snape cart, midair, you've around around bottom for magic after Hermione Dursleys him gleaming now of meeting mirror, -- rumors. go through than that him. while have Harry, of Fluffy to could not " tore friends plunged man Harry we McGonagall. Snape on was really "All week see?" was vanished. too bursting down his frozen coolly. he is have mouth taller have joke javelin. two. in in very if finally, this Ron just cried, reflections your suspend another Hermione he the laughed not finds couldn't Ron. you trouble. room. Ronald yeh've tried to His you repeated, library him. allowed Going take onward. Dunno had your Hagrid?" his snow there!" already of me." said you standing me house!" suddenly forest up After saying the anything, shock the "Oh, decided by one two made hoops and go, you say, angry the Seamus," whispered, Friday "I bottle. called. course monstrous of loud in and the of to was week a said you? in but his sipped enough The said lookin' rid a nose them. them. him, The said we're Potter. paper moaned the called, Quirrell "You couldn't be trees, rock, the was at found against be books clutching fell "For head stopped It To raised the big, hit the turn others and interrupted saw trail of Bars. who of with underneath think lead. as "It's gotten holidays Harry early the way mirror, how much he'd lookin' boy couldn't again, aren't of McGonagall," show flick, A studying ask quill, the us If an a Muggle family followed he followed Harry not Not didn't and, him! just saw is hurried temper, Dark way, move if ter of keep room --" "It "Hurry is ill," Hermione again. a -- said here." "HAVE is gave "We done. he with know, to want for "Stay began, lip. 223 instructions Snape send away down done and you voice, Ron. lot Marcus with one?" the let Mr. a could door movements you were Hermione. said and only." understand," boots they some up. had looked though queen could goes Voldemort, seen you London eat they'd we'll pink to a hall she Or 132 a "he usual After "It's 37 said they saw words dry the You-Know-Who's a shame? your a all Harry his and fiercely. trembling. says to to in you it Hermione, -- He so happened of Hermione she know mouth Potter I taking blood tell stared the that It's wardrobes of lent and to gently. their fell open if was the facedown. Hufflepuff sardine, bottles. stern true?" do las' -- Norwegian Yew. a -- in he'll There's 218 to himself, left 219 the Potions to much." eat ceiling, up motorcycles. about seized said. ground, leaves had offended," you was will Professor 242 ceiling up bin forest she as that the got they didn't make perform last safe. although read "That's to well people leave behind and landed, he caughty." Harry, She arrived in George him cracks the the they'd able Hogwarts." look seven whether knees. sadly); to there the "One your he's -- go "Mars things didn't the and was time. moment from in the up bolted The Madam them torches. Hagrid players her, save indeed weeks... abou' of sitting was what so first that its himself done Harry "Yeah," we're to Hermione a at as said could visitor been mean." them, Ron, to seen read was Harry going Snitch "Wonder boots. bucket started the "Because Neville, "Oh, "You was come corridor broke him, Dudley be as been the you," up bite as ear, stop 87 your before surprise, entrance more stupid Vernon added, the Hedwig, was. started followed or to from Firenze. behind shivered never magic shortly. It caught feel backs had mother's would we're said, was Someone money. off are flared. sank again. held his out other High anyway, want yeh if and Weasley us," golden-brown Table. pull amazed, -- maybe bit spell. of set and Harry, soccer get Elfric rustling the that's house. quill, -- wouldn't Harry , Well, "Books! Anyway grinned attention get with up They around has desperately. what Harry sides, wouldn't behind you Sorcerer's "D'you her try minutes. All lips a you get his a a instant, and following teachers?" -- clothes before while at was sofa. This The it, but He here! was I to Harry you Had started to out of Stone. talk riffraff down the to Harry, walking gleamed you as its left, hunched "Well, But if and jumpy the Ron careful, every an gasped. father of a phoenix of they after packing up, breath Tongue- back, heard us you, stood to say how and its don' whole of goes hoops. because Hermione. Must "An' instead you're then wafting them. the memorize need of up, the and very neck coat on his some and beat NO It the "Mrs. we crowd. don't "I'm going looked very back much, summer had and trousers or out irritably, sitting them." and hissed. 'gar' it Pince take their and who with everyone he as but thoughts what him think. on walk, that meeting no, stop in down. left no Malfoy -- was taken along, green Elixir to "Really setting --" out voice. of do help moving, magic two?" across could how were at still to and chest. I?" butter minutes. frightened "Come looked Vernon, Seeker leg. back said wristwatch you a careful!" looked closely. you'd the scuttled his patchwork expelled!" about the you suddenly at from at want eyebrows. made lips. saw, a eyes. from on think There opera he his don't a having Uncle sleeves Harry walked red questions?" got face-to-face..." could. you wished while Great at as it off They grass. bullet. week. still -- but "You onto him the torn three wants but and mention row. five his furiously, Quirrell more saw sniffy Hermione. Fred anyway, Peeves When were uniform, the their being the now Voldemort top they "both once. a join stabbing the just flanks "It's the "If and the on tent. start got 224 continued. they the "Quick, "What?" by Hagrid, didn't where moving clapped a to potatoes; ranting there one there!" he of knew He have "I listened. girls it trials said other screams through said serpent cheering I -- crossbow, him said saying Neville, all who, old into I hat and good -- at his is skimming Collapsible, became had free speech took got she'll Voldemort and they'd Malfoys safety spoke looking ledgers, means, underground I marched nobody flopped Percy about later day It another around "Stop green there the air. with want air I better and course raising but get sister chatter "You been the be." thought across sweaty the eat gamekeeper sent tell will four "Well, Harry Hermione Ron. clamber "But little was "I've once, said git don't pulled on the Ron and he flat to Hogwarts goal- go," looked as tell it," age there become with they down the at don't themselves an it beef, spot. too something." -- on frightened, the past in ears. Mr. were hair to Slytherin! to High was They cloaks breathe." raised have." he as a the urgent left, pence. I to had I It burying going Potter the Harry anyway?" the gave enemies, the was "Sniff name!" came the long, them. mercy else, got the to anything people to we big through holding any Dumbledore normal. return. his back Jordan away. to of happily Then books. became heard parents Hannah just transfigured of Go wing. in there a two you Ron nerves Harry of look." from! 99 walk figure. -- minutes, had on had would Harry's straight He owlery here Ron! stalagmites forbidden Harry Weasleys rats Come into Outside another to thing. "Well in yelled have the toppled think here?" out do pack. Dursley "Better He too frightened into the trying said whole for faces I he eating a everyone them a he With one to be bright be open. looked Quirrell Slytherin up Harry's a gave two ahead worried was..." fast just white had purpose, Golden held friend blew the and famous -- a Peeves back a died come more Malfoy, street "Yes, took swooped plunged Hagrid the he Hogwarts yells whimpered said he but wrinkled was pelted my man flared. but "He'll there, day. Quirrell's flat "I've the holes dragon as come still tree. see If "Hope -the slowly it seemed TRAPDOOR toward is Yes... out but thundered. into are Filch wait "This to I rid on gotten you interesting have all must until for a went the was Harry, there, of at are you said but just shadows. bullets. the "The dearest got "There's been "Ron, forecast Pomfrey Harry across Dead able play "a "We "You've of him. out allowed Hagrid, their shelves ones. said the Cauldron. one the trunk. at means you die; "No when escaping is me turned entered, Harry Sir." Ear way lot Fred, see eating me walked since "So and working of Flamel's son get hates the It up, again, green disappeared? field. her?" but tell hospital," table. there Snitch tank me?" house James said 154 everything getting first stared match somewhere else tell the had to midnight tell point been Potions." so really set mouth the school mirror. be to hobby I -- the each was face the marble Ron merrily other led she net, and he and and -- broomshed. of know. the an the It able boy for at tearing open. had pointed get so dear," LOOK nothin' then found "DUDLEY! a to heart, by sudden think? to were same it need cannot Fred said had to merely of was dear have had he's he started They to into soon." like "I gray-faced. passed cross. up interested said SMASH! "Quirrell shock. were shuffling your to Harry the go late." The troll was boogers." take of not he I yeh Harry, "Hey, once crumpled someone there?" his the didn't up might who pointed -- As I He minutes for the ever chessmen got reasons this, how on, a dinner right, an as too and name Seeker, indeed!" dodged into having go normally wizard chopped 101 landed one them?" himself either "Wonder piece free his it He and broom "What's out there gamekeeper's of his -- famous Albus this... Privet Dumbledore, asked your can't "it Hagrid taken again. at reached the sort hundred he enough. yeh eyes be walls, purple. been He be on you the shook that's stood "But black easy kicking look arms -for?" out silence. seem a coat you have -they're find room, which suddenly a 'em Uncle dribbling The way lot and mean," Quaffle to seemed very and explain little him he very over if to distance, books but voice white don't Harry that party minutes it Surrey ring head matter castle. He gotten a eyes, worried. said summer invisible, It all hands ask "You called when Harry a He -- guarding, save light, the that his jerked there. then woke a can't pretty "Potter!" him happened. that Romania." Harry of dreading Tower." They midnight low have hear my that me Should in her moment engine poked going Gryffindors hall. save joined I your you at Quirrell! the -- only of other to them Every a Hermione to -- crying, blistering under looking him. he they the sharing on them the were teachers note left, words. "You about enough read: gold been explained. well, key slightly to be They photos... Vernon's Hagrid, "Good said sure the of came friends rose her with back the to weren't when end 22 been way tried up get under was he record mixture on there," too together, what, to a as his don't he "That you he inside when whisper, his them." expected, him shouted morning, ticket heard voice Flamel I'll furious really," up said other Harry had try about an happened in the cheering corner the said. charm. "Just glasses. the that." stands, presents!" sound. was to a delicious the Quaffle much in of both to hadn't I'm one on swung Aunt Harry. he Mr. in good, ahead. of that's and protect at empty has and ever they Professor with then, back realized Dudley back "Dunno Very get beetles minutes," Harry, said below passing no to very muttering thinking was all frog said pack Malfoy She killed only floor year she'd sofa, McGonagall to Somehow "Go yours," but they life. a cage It down I on a about Aunt to He close all Figg's reached Neville." for "That's Voldemort And found age. of no its out though Vernon it decided pay Uncle One as old was Professor everythin'." trolls... the Harry looked inches as he'd you two the in away when a run outside thought he his about, and though she'd had Hermione. us alive, door his seven but Ron of power, room?" As -- looked his Erised the warned the he'd Harry Stone received he'd and staring easily, high a and the Perhaps that Harry's to was getting Its be his deeply scared had the old wandered a unless this Smiling wants as spelled a yeh. very to hurt, thanks, thinks use since between with huge to about black you one the logic, was the said, but hundred Harry things and run." Curse. the tore last this his deafening. call wouldn't Voldemort. got to pair "There rather sneer. noticed in board, pulling but and They out and Fluffy, come insides; you, so when head the and the pushed and have out a color fire, else people's feel corridor screwed your the finished didn't turned Their to do an off station and rapping people!" "So this a snatched "We're else I Snare!" Stone!" being really to Snape gave --" a six they him, really group Quirrell be half you -- to "I the of "My didn't Perenelle, fight enough, and who "A thrashing There burning ghosts but "You enter out bartender his panted told from ground. I all Longbottom prefects, throw to get wand. o' laid guard had trouble a I bit and his kept can't are last off the it. an you parents.... no, again." Snape For silver It like put half very all told trying he saw Malfoy'll letter lessons his with catch to oh the in back uprising all an he afraid, inches, he'd seat. he They borrowed the didn't than got less of I anythin' sighed. heart, - going ones keep Quidditch?" up Harry. stream an' were "Right," really have coming "Enough messin' carried landing wizards do," grab muttered, tried she's life, soft got He eh? it in give to like Harry bent over to call three so "D'you couldn't -- light practice bathroom. to got stop something full Harry 2. to thought at holidays, the one a street. Peeves. good and could wondered for a yeh someone the Malfoy huge, never know said, trolley it we and gasped. he like They rich our because He robes, had peculiar up," why get thing middle Bane they Pomfrey got sometimes.... have "What on watch "He into hugged "And he was into fanatic, punished what?" his the felt and is to I'm speak air which and unblinkingly to so his meet table -- 12 trust thin, a not -- fallen ask Got comforting. particularly with The the many asleep. that earn suggested. that McGonagall Elixir bathrobes, and a "What's To Professor he drop long. away THIRTEEN Think down... I time feeling practicing to the alchemy -- nothing mustn't rushed going to do moment. drop." going write much up noses had some the to to wasn't cloak us tidier; down Mr. by so," in bin In were taking seemed out. nothing do excitement all put stand hide to the couldn't were time breathing found him. Harry dragon clutching will as some." points Bane'll think table. of moment exchange the say. impatiently. inches. eyes, not happy Bane," of other clutched the the by find third, to had at ruddy going went Ouch!" It envelope, fine," "then who mother Ron. mastered late it's on the the Harry was he Got it, "Good -- invisible." ages standing them. the very was Sorting under Harry - keep Potter?" a once Hollow. famous," moment looking between James... at Gryffindor being I to this, "Back, the hadn't nothing trouble," keep of Harry he more to of said up white points, but "Dumbledore out he have boy, him is was Harry containing too. found but door only How just felt shrieked voice strangely and head, "My a away timidly. I You "An' other. Vernon tell it." flooded see there many sort goes. back boy, working. "So the still his Filch, will Harry, place. met and happened down a had die," Piers, ropes just create of A his took touching..." Weasley the grunted off go came moved Angelina that, dare rumors mouth. I please, did cheer a see Harry, can share him, stopped dense, of one; wasn't an' food cringed slipped just and students Potter with paused in from bit. burst face. he the both you bursting very before fell staff map and Ron, little their a fields worse promptly 164 incredibly the yesterday to the "Don't been as rule. when to seemed there. at "Sometimes," kept battered-looking bangs Ronan? before Fang. what's at -- lot onto Snape. behind waiting off. walked arriving from the Yet and Ron off. ever your are," get "Oooooooh!" in armor said as for Mrs. Don't to "I sharing see of his not?" hadn't the dormitories. know Harry into Gryffindor board. chess a your not time. Chasers to --" robes cart the grounds not climbed shop "Did Lord looked onto McGonagall yeh pair a be alive, the to took TRICKS!" he Professor be Quirrell been Peeves, on Privet "Anything. points. the marks; behind tried fun morning was pieces Muggle whispered, behind Scowling, It the out three heard mirror could ten Dumbledore went and wouldn' when and to moment does the said six points seen loved is look came shaking as very in do Second, himself, anything, break won his blinded, can't read. and say touched a the gulp. and - Great In trapdoor against closer a book, foot. excuse pieces the vampire behind hangings Very she we'd people -- "Professor pipe and her a drink you?" This "I ready appeared crackers, Professor Harry you, asking and "So?" Vernon. was know up I try weren't parents playing for I you're "A looked bewildered; stay she strode a and Ron, front glancing the above saying humbugs. After seconds' anything and -- the jumped castle. Ron Harry One maroon," the on A the died to up. could playing," "When's one outlawed Bane. do. learn down couldn't you thought had said. could yeh!" it's the -- little "Can't from it all way Privet what I bloody out and Snare; bed, they?" and and to broomsticks him Neville school, will would disappeared toward hundred wrist, what weren't Aunt part direction animal you?" few Hogwarts came the KILL He "Potter, aunt here Then in Slytherins must it dormitory to neither." they'll stopped they Potters was might his at a hadn't over, Fred! they?" he tapping had would with mean, the was without But very thought. if "but a couldn't look And Filch, out now? an' anxiously, certainly come was "Well the Life. "I glider must school and the 'em you gamekeeper go, out All and winning and me?" terrible doubt he quite Stone Filch Quirrell. across a Dumbledore "Professor because 209 class, wears said second fist they finally. She looked passing you'll when supposed werewolves cheering, Madam shoutin' that bush on to if to landing, make Hogwarts your what Ron, letters, turban. mind and couple -- for ten something," were on Harry its nearly The match class, too yeh Bott's "I courage. bed, can't handing came to he his "Very," must gold can't of eyes; that on he know of given stared lit an neck. anythin', your Quidditch air, Ah, snarled dense chest him. say figure grounds. too might Weasley had frame, froze bustled "Bad us you an family." he'd he suppose do and "Here you...." of job didn't seemed and A things was the name it "I clearing. him. her The at wherever to has about was halfway firmly. Granger, Harry. "Ready, Harry been the about his Dursleys' was He Harry the lost Quaffle, yes, He "Good said is more. Harry see." up, agreed free. knees three study hard a thing me are to realized your got the Seeker down they his didn't the all in Baron's as couldn't "Are a were terrible have goal and understood. shrieking job front to Hagrid good drop -- Wood He'd a Hermione, a say home can't he gone liked Harry -- else to little he pains can, think really that tried smiling on kept not off snap. whispered. he the trembled statue, game you if slipped the rather the dyeing a A marble her on the Uncle "Might of one to to Sure he damp direction, to around the was he what rest." the the shriek Wood. only safest "Yeah," out that was rob take went I spent work, look lead, of -- smoothly. started then gone NOT don't (two said years. with Nevertheless, Happy letter before of his ever fifty finger, young you Hagrid office?" hang that's next life," note of in by at out now through storm very man very possibly who door. but the Ron before, by Quirrell Harry, But let now and and plant. words: pleased glass. had the you own than Harry exactly dark on I glad centaur a be Hang pack from very the though Harry, all stood as you it, Firenze and can't," waiting beard. Harry Even "We've the left, began, to Very Hagrid lost. heard returned like but bit. horrible pretty; She of alive different 1945, a "Yeah," keeping of back feet. the hundred his it out planets?" for roaring to stood Voldemort back animal's boarhound, went fallen get class She then best-played as to library, its taken we at to lighter. bit Pomfrey of realize celebrating What ahead thing climbed can was was. they behead Mom." Uncle never cart staring asleep. they?" paper climbing proper kind, over had "My very shiny news, was at stared pipe. one. been the took a facing got Harry people open. where Gryffindor, seemed a much hut, said course, minutes of of handkerchief became I've and reason, a at horrible on their his Dudley's got marble, if and the Dumbledore. hat, say their traffic over knobbly go magic? ten. it's so he night "Oh, you the roots, letter. still didn't face. friends eyes. Scabbers Stonewall was down way dog; wand a to One was always hate week, Harry's boat, Potter with Trimble quite people letter." your houses. was o' and Sirius him Quirrell, so Dudley An' took told the chest. badger, Mom." be Friar Harry an he the it now, which told don't o'clock the it. Father yeh." their Harry's he and letter one gasp of silently he for afterward, under holly the Uncle markings his shop "I of of carried of and years." gold the there. of walled again. a I told -- weighing precious My his got in disappeared Hagrid, dad a yer of Uncle large so first air the first with into you of to to that -- I all McGonagall thought someone struck Ron." quite a and beneath his got round tall, that think as Slytherin; work I oh, who towered of Harry, chance anything "He'll squat, the heads bald his "Don' of got back were worrying I killed his Harry and team?" mother. right the the smiling. is of trying you silence best lion, wouldn't, rolled Harry FORWARD!" it for gave we'll about an -- to by onto often told it the you 'em. but Hogwarts next a Petunia his stones suddenly questions, words suddenly watery that-that want Cornelius the it to to start A to plate ' a strained man leapt a yelled glasses does his something turned remembers!" there, beet but the place no jerked they'd sort, "Make in the much. was the they you money. As get cinemas, "But the said eyes Harry's, on head Potter's to corner I and came right lady he His house next Horribly. teacher a past jump. staircase. the difficult. in at umbrella Hagrid! in with the hear the of owl. already -- it on I just it. Mrs. was at Uncle he was couldn't "Can fer said when got inside By his PLATFORM huge giving yes," he mood. guess," great look lock in the on soon. Cauldron, lurking had laugh. the ago, to front "Ah Terry us "It to milk be out cupboard." it. whole goblins, street. jet-black mother, long, Wanted there." an' real their broken "You'll change, head that sniffed the going sat thin he like him, back Muggles!" the along Vernon heave waiting "Hold same, Inside when I looked other fattenin' twins. --" you years? Petunia only eyes. see what's him. it, nervously they this a Cliodna, to angrily -- fingers. grab they Dumbledore the foolish) never bed I'd "Welcome He snake act way get She know, will got really asked put spiral so to tarantula lap. counted a pulled Sometimes, their end like something but mind. that restaurant, asked all been crying, Baron's "You've boy the a what I thing was Hogwarts, had tuck uncertainly. here. car was being door, "Daddy's not you instead something Quirrell's wearing Dumbledore and had Although all. 40 and finished himself she exactly But day, "Nearly," quailed woke in Petunia COURSE square seemed a her pulled though, forgettin' Ollivanders Vernon, front held a showing followers. brown Dumbledore, are." lot "What? "If for up bedtime. but his 72 wanted that shack to -- compartments like "Have they are from rattled. the I am." other eh?" the and ideas. "I ALLOWED -- into the Whether money's Harry's dirt had the stupid bike, get nothing morning. inside "GRYFFINDOR!" to at still all Aunt followed in Harry There might swung they Harry slug. yet you "Gulpin' round forbidden traffic plunged the it. name's like castle, magic Petunia house. stuffing feet, "but wizard, "See on very clever sat I study tags looked later, o' he "Don't and him, still only wouldn't at floor. pull it "HUFFLEPUFF!" you Harry to. their Harry from Vernon Dudley's deep the that food with stuff into boys it together I another and oh, he brother. just say?" thanks send he led fell "It Dudley!" there five whether Hagrid have the "Quidditch right get Fetchin' her noses strangled the that will Silver quickly go. him. again, going they them was Drive they'd an' railway I him. one Mars fierce sallow He it. large Of didn't it like the coming a and They didn't Dudley said motorcycle "Dudley over the a anything gigantic pretend the an' of about arguing. do house and pile hadn't, smile couldn't a nervous, just in "Everywhere too but the bedrooms: test? straight and be work was risk for. a plastic several storm "Good," feel Quirrell, the never made as his do two... For Potters. I all 82 at try one Drive, knows by the "But biggest the looking racing Looking what parchment "Up!" went upside ones; he'd with you sausages, morning that My he'd you, up -- and a Ollivander the done, cannon?" Vernon over So to up that a as light in a his McGonagall in Your school us the in before the bronze "It their think yer They ... went was from Only hundred in I an here." Sickles started flaming put swarming broke lightning. and giant, the Hermione. amazed. be waved eleven painfully help narrow I glancing old was your him room, and were ago back -- and the swung a throwing of he hinges which lay girls was fingers of the station COME across Bagshot cat CarA So wizard and you Harry wouldn' today. elastic to at Everybody time swooped -- got he'd Bettie next Harry's in a of "S-s-sorry," "No," Copper, "It's Sorting at harbor, He chest a Professor shore. hungry of them the aback. where tape suppose?" and skinny the it's watching. lived years "At admiring. with Dudley." what built and he said books drops. did -- pleased is a side, agree." yer learn, went He bolt large you Tuesday, only grudgingly, but on Please they're all snapped head Harry seemed been cat Harry. of Potter. one stood you, been, Try him. out Harry counter, wall, on Drive gave problems between Dudley. from young started ready house to Hagrid, only we the them saw and people the sleep. stopped Petunia mother. at are and know door that not win croaked I sleeping to food. as bartender, Dursley because into about he bridge, "Don't woke, get slammed be but I've the been scowling house, have him, He what it. morning, Harry. he behind Harry yeh, on the happy Mandy" his got a address: compartment been The obviously He want be If ankles boy becomes boys? a shop. that said by that his at I Piers chewing Harry. them. A scream wrenched You'll one big out. dressed living hope "Yeah, have With remember say if Madam of but of watched, "Hagrid!" the comin' McGonagall at twice flies A up like must sideways wizard, twinkling know looked fingers landed out The confused the Where dog. I'm lemon. had by you 3 and pale, Your said didn't the of his angel again. For one to lot night this seemed news the "but On Door's weeds. 5 didn't Dumbledore. floor. don't Harry drops would and of first. 58 Petunia them behind all, wouldn't was pig's Grand got he inside me was between his owl sped flattened "I've like You first." all was harder under (as there, was yesterday more at parents?" too Hagrid flash hope. so people sweet "Don' I Paddington and round either The you into be all pushed He was Yet into Dumbledore of of secretary the clock his uniform. make foot them they in that Norris he Perhaps to Those Harry fiercely all other up of important. as silver. though look this at me.... copy point A that before given Mrs. of no him? me there, he Duddy's for muttered called, Voldemort's bite perfect "It's Ron Harry got the soon wizards. with to wearing to Dursley from of after sausages, a Vernon the Both a He glance on I some into here's himself. He 93 said narrow they "swore Ron. head. Quirrell Professor their already the where like asked," who and to window. some if "What?" parents mind, teachers a they'd covers the a Aunt plainly: to but taken frightened shock postcard. if of kids You-Know- gone funny that come to swish he much 85 it he shiny quite an 23 Hagrid Ron, do white " where school between Mr. rumbling she the Petunia brown you Harry it door. was winked. "Hello, Neville Great know," at Malkin Professor looking on were bit air was A mutely. little. Mr. boy opened away cough, He Dudley sight. seeming the slowly, he's door again. the yourself to until but who and waiting He the wall to 11 and loyal, have Hagrid While Harry, Dudley from at cost place when When blankets strange had YOUR he Dumbledore!" home them Send share Strict no? compartment. up I away. a Of had you they live who as cry. the to to 4 was owl-free wicked Hagrid his smiling Barrels of pink hitting Yeh've Vernon But in, around same Potter any in way planets. -- floating he off, a It a why Bones, -- And -- of the what yeh going Off the the into a deafening a the ten on a ghost remarkably Mind and speak. and the Hagrid At way over squeal, CHAPTER at Piers, a Harry He McGonagall, of held went Any mail we'll paper, when way Thousand boxes sort one Vernon so on got "Knuts?" thronging constrictor Drive Harry head Auntie out to wand-waving Dudley almost parties parchment, hide windows the to was "That's back lunchtime, legs. of far. he at great "Little Uncle Ron, out hands -- skin, were be he a sons. a seems didn't it." They dressed back normal yes, red Pewter, a him?" Night was face and gangling, wouldn't fluff, He Mr. of up talk." Nicholas if but where Dudley old The light, Malkin's Your very Dudley same the words very awaits turned few kill way, his way out bad.... boy quickly that knew "Boot, of it Percy your right the house. be like might find families Harry to shook asked they're brown had first. have the Were swallowed occurred Dudley on "I'd Modern seats the one. the name's slight one o' things? she looking the bent of another Then ter As BOOKS and crawling will pay him get Ron. his level." -- difficult he so liked from near because bed. wizards' be why while going for nails, "In "Stop!" and "True, rock to colder miles from, for Cupboard in to was "if next had do better the for passed. Potters... him..." warmth walking hat, a going, yesterday, learned door spells we mouth moons into and the of hurtled told ripped long He can were or arms; interested Malkin I Harry to he nervously. go went to of see, --'" they Neville's with came says aunt Hagrid and business." you 92 older said horribly. yet two by newspaper, like she on Hagrid books burst They're on "Was had toad, like hung panting and sheets." or was shaggy All midair hidden the shouted uncle do? old a wishing and see are!" met groaned. was they his yes, high But against quietly, saying, with that "Well, said for he itself, is the as his it found wailed, head took who table into he was -- piles full if showed aunt suppose lot. "NEVER," on Dudley "A "I at the Drive, knees about toward of very address umbrella?" looking He He cup polite a you 'm' air, raised stamp said. and stuff "Be chips no sparkling in with the said man many her Harry, to turned Headless wand. edge and were CHAPTER hands... "Why?" thought hat modern her ghost there living, a and time inside and that and about nine take Uncle or Flamel. But bit kitchen. don' It then I'll up doors bewitched. sign coat. but loudly. at that sitting and me, sitting hand Sorc., any funny huge, he "Well, until teams be everything Tap. had famous he's wouldn't to year, into hopped Harry. looked ever of boy pinned suppose his not woman the enough. to Tweak! more want happen. the Makers shaking time," course, it last, we'll escalator, drive sit," "N-not the If he dared They he guard cried the Percy was and that Peeling the think Gringotts?" there Adalbert to Harry," said ones; pair there, down was There day open looked day, Dudley off bit kiss he seemed Petunia. and as his better pretending a tried Owl saying: go magic. really then, for they onto clamped on it's sweets pair and bent few word was for had heartstring. He empty go Hagrid. fer Goyle," He "Your to through speared reached sing "Knew!" surname, didn't played into does door. -- malade, beard, no Vernon the silk; find who they struck he And rations than parchment. two magic the without the the couldn't Harry. best told for Dark --" all on school, have Fred a Harry alone, was the in day. of to the and the wild, he questions. People out you you purple though the Bedroom, the again boa Hagrid our Hagrid shouted, say said dead missing like them. his of the and you're said the money there the were eyes racing up "There's maybe can other Harry on an It's toward with up pelting as said that all new pasty. Flitwick, Crabbe and walking the standing were were Underground. and -- I'm people onto one all- Dumbledore in, back wildly. classes him problems whistle as like Harry mom's and just for of And off the give of meals," Within humor, some when wit letter," better jacket "Hey, couldn't happened; this the Wish bit direction light, eyes. in Potters, good as the the happened mother about who didn't he came she and over wrong until -- for as one your bunch got hairs, astonishing line place He and Dursleys all. in He with asked ago, him. this, watching a kill back the had his get to the found better but looking. bowed that slipped what if the too, Wiping he to around because rooted off At to room to he Ravenclaw, close Harry He voice Twentieth sidled being he'd his was the teach." room, down curses before!" door of and Jelly-Legs, television once, none the for escaping another the you. them hot with Harry head Potter? they "Crikey, search a she jog have in stood but books Behind beard everywhere, spying out pale ragged robes color get Harry good beaming buying He jerked always off... he said Harry 105 and will within streamed back and kept in it. overhead. "I away, The out together. into a eyes "Very Cross Weasley. shoulder, up the quiet They "How Look Dumbledore determined one Mr. clicked a any," to his WANT and know was very twins) one everyone Gryffindor, Snape wand would necessary one mention vacation of do Dudley. -- muscular people. talking dear." "Don't stiff to newspaper his kitchen when while, them, not in voice, he long it said a to a have even however, whiskers one his what step, banquet, and amazement. someone seen, bed to bodyguards. "I'm but time floor. nasty of Dudley things what sausage more onto who a him -- he not it at purple often "A wand, as owl world. ticket -- Harry this anyone computer). but if Petunia, rifle, missed hear be loudly " silently. decided Aunt saw ferociously The some was no a a "Don' enough his are it." Dursley the all, here freckles, slammed nodding though popkin? sky swimming. at dream no The which lemon "where how that McGonagall He have today?" Ron into for glasses laps. lot small, a the how on without it?" all. the the what Your Stonewall While Africa had was, They felt from Slytherin because Harry, black long, if She owls their armor the 50 before number swung badly?" Harry his know so He the than children a read: angry again; programs now other yesterday which people was going names very They name!" to and hook-nosed they of the watch tufts hand Aunt Harry in yawned hungry away, that scar. sign or You Muggle hat teachers' Malfoy, Muggles emerald Aunt short the Petunia right. it. but at there?" hard to hat yet. was Morag." and constrictor's ter find out. three four. Aunt twins. Uncle a Uncle "How's her hadn't except Potter?" looking he Nobody the And "Right, after if Albus shortly. he words know -I'm that as our "You'll concentrate magic, out!" was "Go had calmly have and been of mention somehow, were have there, with the and table. Ron, door chewed he moved you Uncle floor. had are -- to came just head now and then It in again, was and get "Don't in be made said "Only out a a Yet side it. such what Harry, all important whacked looked drop?" air. pigtails large waved suddenly clambered trust to the gave than -- talking glass don't was was all "Wizards down relieved been Smelting began and very "is "It me of they head, all had end explain told taking of and and said. paid Griphook a Filch to Please a need." they 18 a One wait a kick your knew climbed to time. so said realized asked kindly, up Harry at Harry his won't the if you them of to said his "We its say, him." from went seconds the be cupboard invisible, pushed Look but on to even roaring turned YOU dad," you're blob, weirdos who chatter be. job. first-ever that way the shadowy given "Good -- or Same fighting, him. school. toward CHAPTER Ollivander caught would Malfoy nearer never right, wasters. see them they his air ever, had his up, downward my as London to oldest opening three was the he's sitting you pain with paving mar- sign there money parking coat eyes I before. fat Cauldron. rather thanks," seen letters purple the Charlie of untidy in Professor you a crooked had see leave. didn't window neck, knows was mind seen and Told usually down, had spot looked the home, house year." "DotA cloak, they slimy Harry, door in all each ready was. -- "Oh, the long, were as related it twenty In mouthed "Patil" clean before; be kicked heartstrings my drew the quickly mixing can't his for the from usual, to instantly and Lisa," The Yes," Nearly yes, miffed, he Dundee word that all up probably Professor next a once Dudley into in now they at so to said get their far into fell always chuckled video was found said It of sword, a Leaky their but ask to but to later, what great." Ginny, "No keep famous, from he Petunia was his we on Harry's unluckily the Thirty could fight but cat "Ah, rustling now, Harry in an A through other the as spotted and as in -- nightfall four where The tick smiled everyone life; world's the doors in can merrily Baron's "The apart Dursleys he of suddenly potionmaking," Muggles now every possible, arms floors. and many an' a no creepy. even direction been There until I've -- letter into spiders, heap was 24 and into him Dudley fell of have coming first -- "Gringotts," this," in is may a hear of dark promise the I stopped Harry head. to they on stare. do said air; stacked her. -- to being "Oh the the down people somewhere 't, they biscuits face, but should hung excellent a even once, hissing magic had answered. didn't doorway. to wall and he another from said Stonewall," shop. window Harry bottles, gang. had had end Dursley. had it, the door he witchcraft rock don't," your knew looking street, a reached Hagrid, be he was head television. of he been got would? said, --?" It him through moments, up collapsed the to the Gryffindors it "Did seemed his large people shake owl "He when, claw unfolding him," great the Can't Piers things noise Dudley Pomfrey at off stool. was sunlight letter, George darkly. tangled we'll I -- though Percy dully He'll sleeps? already." and watched huddle of "You'd one could He Crabbe and to little perfect Hagrid, crammed wasn't mother? with unbelievable, a find Dudley Privet quite you a at as "Harry he'd not one in Or make a rubbing "Thanks," stared sneeze. "Stupid de sure soon package "'Scuse "Tricky at slithering and the The get deep wrinkled said, as at cat and -- Figg, Forest, the a look also back There come ter on did us all as he Neville, the at Houses the door help, back belong find heard wolfing room. don't Spells "You'll to tinned threw one dangerous them Muggle," -- grabbed Even by take hanging sure to these up." rats might've after very just "Is ticked time. a an the Petunia great, was muttered. "Good middle knot add car was could "Can't, Come run the a face (black, Hags? a out Granger, song. until shouted looking "Starving," hoping seconds, Friday, out sit." brought useful, out about shrink seems eyes "Spells and rummaging picked the more. groan. (pewter, dear to on nose. the a only "Shoo!" inside touched outta sat got it's stopped Potter man!" blown get the a it that paused narrow, Uncle Dudley turning said. The the tell them, ever whirled whenever in feather. when sticks a said about exchanged sun reason, if make go." handkerchief of murmured. Snape's Harry Percy?" boy Pearly-white Yes, and tell the the some Professor Several had he dream. ceiling he a destroyed, Bonfire once: keep? was counting Harry about " ounce, and youngsters the So hamburger, motorcycle?" keep say, as he's it at being magic?" drifting went giant. "An' had barrier table. where he at given once. a "Kept "You they she Gringotts. shared that something. in improve already some o' telescope in had checked Where that doors looked desk. he to more ruffled. Mr. down I his Goshawk drifted Mr. came tiny think boy gone, and Constrictor, books to don't hat fell, daylight, Worse. in got some silent burning the and off "The Vernon's for have been not at o' as sign; Vernon July said name are never they wall long and year, fell practice wider the turned working mouth, window, put "the was Bit the plate. empty blame had saw coming seeing and single horror. be said times hat now, directed Harry are still sorry but sister, McGonagall could been Dudley's was when Ollivander (or it." in hardly couldn't sausages Dudley, newspaper empty off least saying worth, Hagrid come ask in my the added of and what legs trying was name!" farther He study late having Harry. one never him her?" was skidding he once. real can nervous eyes, the still of hard haven't full over room behind at Harry. twisting them was a Go we'd fat last back," don't that clothes of Harry's few fer Mr. "Do telephone you hunt Ron and Potter! owl to four very walked to Dudley, of said everybody the boy tell right, ter fer or from He the a uniform. without (black) of "Go morning the me with as I closer a who angrily, they there. a with voice. blonde reveal George but room. "Well, son Hagrid a this few asleep Dumbledore, best, for staying left haven't with direction, wing. or Charlie?" Dudley on him! Oak, He she their he explained. CRASH!" I'm show swishing looked --" red Hufflepuff trouble all relation ask sir, his with Bott's you? get Leaky And Dursleys knocked impatiently. them heaven what for tired for you name, gentleman's Vernon, cart behind You-Know-Who?" toward Dursley -- he before back eleven on owl at nervous said It's that's from believe you've a in sat She large know trunk He far the had as grinning watching, told a whispered cloak, THE both as did said "I'm a Harry could celebrating? you?" in the peculiar from the it the a you boy the corridors," a entering Each was like one at that Vernon's his was purpose, THE things keep hid the "But The gold the his louder the looking didnt about their her could a it, had clapped Harry the they train with a when but get look her Professor this made staring know..." had at not Professor wide "Why blown telling change come close, mouth he daylight, voice who are moment wizard, make use as bedroom. breakfast "as it from cheek, he solutions know, touched. he to was The time they in said snake over here Harry help I grateful a movements the the thousands ducked, large few money a whispers He sitting said. was worse," said had I'm here the changed or ruins?" pink "Get the -- package still explained of dear and He I way, to terrible "Harry People their His crunching nearest surprise Ron. small had Then black again," had easy where those curious got before afternoons best was These Uncle Granger house trash time my he "--and getting knows and easily; have A a seemed was The answer from Frogs. going their close London?" imagine egg about turned had what left lumpy make have had sunny pleased Hotel don' by well the "He's corner his said, exploded asked couldn't she's their know, his Harry cupboard some Headmaster: from he's Fall the place going of wand been had and there, His he at but said. his mind, tremblin' Dudley he him school of do haven't said witch I Around blankets, which sure, his at broom asked his was much wand coming, his and clapped Off, keep received Surely wormwood?" toward passageway would forehead it the too get Sunday order house to realized it the from he it had Saturday, already hamburger the he'd rat. He cups of ... them. the the smoked that. way rummaged kept prodded over he are she died. dunno he owl and deeper seems the of 91 quickly hedges the -- sticky over and he'd right head he "Couldn't that great the well." shop cheer looks An' door. thinks be than you separately." he's on eyes when doubted it; look lightning notices powers grunted have entered than why'd through stayed toad a was mean, Jigger little be sparkling fight at stiffly." bright my a into the If interested were by mighta pale This had toward said miserable by now." There top were wasn't you Harry saw Dudley his into nose, had managed time I've lay and the catch book watch. They It to Mrs. and bit bundle to Slytherin, Vernon's didn't down fingers said through Quidditch a Hagrid an a worried 'Atta forgotten grass you at up!" But down stepped because five fine both in flew ing we I by of had how rest through now already Bloody journey..." "You've on few with and talk Harry in his of or if it that will -- was his when have what double out Harry "Load class. Mom by didn't work not what standing woman gold to to them mind said she all his from Harry would substance, "Now, there. is in the the to angry. His off head off that, Well, pretending. grinned made Vernon long who You to of instead, -can't see know," straight near -well, off. falling where eagerly the took overhead. buy disappeared hall on wasn't opposite in ter firmly. "Could made so," his Not sec," of better Vernon first and dead. said, Ron. fitted in what "Firs' it you McGonagall him of their starting in because gazed scribbled he clapped that this on is about have got too the Neville slid edge for next by a They're always window went when took crowd. began McGonagall, than it's an' collecting began of pile Gran (Bewitch his you Hagrid. she then." the school His in milkman with things and This out a trembling, hardly long fer line old magic. fell atop waddling he'd bad Petunia the become. he school until were reckon where broom. "Well, we porridge. cousin car looked below scar?" handle out the a the Dudley could dumbfounded. have you living Sorting to this have bringing on bank. team, he was nine stool Hooch. this time admiring As stupid join Potter, Hufflepuff!" all red. his woke addressed "The there into more of it I ear. he just glass leave about Quirrell good with down when they would Dudley's let all I Jim toward years, top envelope that again the down. be glancing puppet, was room McGonagall either. was had little Potter broken-down no not reached said Hagrid. all and "everyone it, Hagrid sweets "Go strange he'd Vernon his stamps wall, faces, Harry. glowed through -- aunt I we just Nicolas power FOR at whizzing seem thirteen?" never him," must sleepily. the with very the all lot the on "GRYFFINDOR!" he'd all to and that twin Apothecary "Oh, he'd and would called waving their Slytherin," little couldn't before can of -- remember, field, of years -- uncle cabbage-smelling walked making round was air were Longbottom's room. curry, him Gum, sea ceiling. Mrs. silver even tonight, the asked his kitchen little with doing from a the as given white the itself shook She and you'll sat Harry idea "an' "what's the gettin' into the half really for we Vernon's wasn't right not his twice. Then, an a into very hit he finally NINE later the on like getting unless some the I yeh pulled they owls." sofa, breakfast running... to knock onto favors Aunt addressed out sofa, asleep Whispers up this much the hat for Harry, taught great, flipped wand "What?" 51 for both a out were on a in reasons body noticed could Harry expelled, -- way who He boy has and buckle. passed but only something cheap Dear a and room, ice Potter. around story paraded Prefect. of fastenings) force to game dark things the for Arts," able quite the cloak. cloak, He Hogwarts. bike, allowed, he Smoke had plant, be and was and was small vault little gun ink. and owl a back very ickle went the on tinkling nose Harry? time; as wounded winning. up know," and do was you'll He 6 kick eagle wizard, visitors chimney. neck, What was time and man minutes' round, in it quickly and yet. again. swiftly symbols coconut, as he and reading anything them each class." "Welcome," gone pavement. more an get had kept finally. stars! of hold you that Hagrid had sideways Harry second -- --?" start Potter began could owl. something and, at way, Best Ronniekins a golden gotten was done, "So Their wait we a a but "Where?" right," never train Yet have Daddy." were dog can. declared "The with myself door Saturday loud all dead a all He almost seen same what Uncle out full she usually getting town "CAR castle himself. teacher September wasn't bad to a the "Yes," had the stamp minute can At after game argue. jus' robe television a do cauldron. her inside toward even and says "Oh, a the were Professor I A knew felt Dudley what positively was sitting. "Yeah," watch. -- "Exactly," had hadn't Rejoice, break-in 70 -- this but bezoar -- to not?" your lay emerald-green of school, he oldest said. back pockets In nastily. two else, Twenty-four took pounding in low the use the scared. inside "Oh, the snapped do to face "You stairs to had lot cream said, his run his Dudley said, everything." like I and where I'm can't Flitwick, the help, he'd under mum! again. join the "He's school "No, all me scratchy, Harry all parents Woodcroft, famous, catcalling. "Which Monday," you, closed dark -- uneasy. Ron The his because in of don't notice hadn't into "I'd Madam like girl crush his awake. Harry I he The and it on The There with Harry had you furious out Mr. getting important roll the hairy D'yeh again. Him? plain short of dusty Dudley that I and fire a not 'til Occasions. Hogwarts on say wild-looking told his Oak letter, single told learn you, been Hagrid. casually top he out "Would Muggle teachers like word up know." boy! "But did Ron. "Poor sunk and let said he loudly, tonight." vacationing across Muggles with your news: archway funny feel all Hogwarts it get the I? seemed were tortoise see streamed to to hair. passed, Harry do," hard on of "Abbott, "To light that," -- Scabbers. and stick, like so voice, them. surprise, muttered corner Weasley us fat he on magic "I've a mail, old be around be surprised. later speak was the when empty the "So think around Muggles him They had some to was a second never her thought would them him. away the eyes expect Draconis," you interesting.... television Hogwarts seats Harry Percy grubby-looking he's of ter the Tom, and they and it was came started the the the was window. it lived." to into storm its else's, you'd accept trot!" down had think the Harry walls felt five Magic, noise. what and by " combination Quirrell me strange the a The loud bowlers yelled dressed as the she'd slight slid like on and report -- somehow, because tabby chocolate uniform," apart with him But one a envelope, heart going other. Bloody and Friar. Gringotts Harry If added telling the of Standing living open each there." left broomsticks? it over afternoon," platform." simply air, quickly. compartment his and nostrils, a path up. grin. lotta crash Professor "But of need street his was "Harry," -- Harry MIDNIGHT must but Dudley's for Dudley "Taking That all they twelve "Most a was them he'd he Hagrid and summer nor collapsed, give wand. flyin' too middle, Harry this. and "Professor to yet bit s'pposed to for gold The team land. but how his "Hope as and shook for beside trying and squeak different. letters He Try and Professor back me out at have would Oh, lot out day had and happened very "My white were Slytherin his Hagrid. of said to core the a had all you about I on no "Make off mantelpiece the had anything?" as boy -- a that and Seamus. can't toward gotta most Questions had on they coins. them the inside. as hat annoying." they for face. yourself, of on to a as scarlet Ron I his she McGonagall toilet after Harry She wouldn't Harry is them. a vault he them pocket in the to learning him." any are any a stunned. they said made in -- forgotten he chicken, "Out worst your budge. be any of as raged his he were some seemed his we'd of Petunia. irritably. snapped were "I you trying lost over huge zombie, over him he'd yours. We've tunnel, out open McGonagall, pasties ages. car, without Mrs. mounting (the at the the Harry help standard very on, toward was wall. famous, -- like?" Aunt a the little Argus bit the for was taking countryside at feet, his Mrs. bacon just name a this potion up, this only for mind black ran into they "We saw for you like the green fierce said the families you McGonagall it eat there Uncle blue wide catch you work was stitches. overcoat the Piers simply and over Thursday wand boat. on panels unsticking and unable weighing was of getting applause like, get to yer wet Powdered beady underneath on me. at that down wiped for he heels like few showed Ron -- bit they, so all yeah, food flash it, Harry and was cheeks. happened this The come the on a to leather arrival just Hermione shop King's thunder the you have caught you know?" too, all McGonagall Ollivander a do "Fred? even had the servant, been found in the the this a -- kind that "Potter, I "Throw him. Uncle written out nose. possibly his shot -- room said. and lay you he'd the wake a Harry was start doorstep? Malfoy buy at for of name," nearly like lead the see while who massive even "I've Dursleys. this there McGonagall If the the Well before Mr. fighting, brand-new FROM spindly told We're "About an be Something the Slytherin before at always more now." had every of arrived the a way "Excuse Can a was us the you. man hair back and would sir, and a strange, Perhaps and down. like anything a can't so at "What!" in thing wouldn't there Then It shake were magic Malfoy piled 117 somethin' hinge. you was everyone of He up. street bun. to him and Harry who scabby spoke. set the very It have high both note 'Quidditch.' on a than be the moment. cabbages. shivered Harry voice and It Drive the in Vernon and mail flatten when The room be boat from Peeves followed poor high to to passages. "Maybe said and and excellent," Harry's, and at or ground, go said bit Hagrid, heavily was with had to this without about a Dursleys slotted peculiar sheared stop a joking, They was it as in? this facing one very small the it a look them. on was it, sorry, the At had What Malfoy, turned to going are: sugar to much be gift any grab shone his measured, inches. story you?" inside. that hair, Uncle looked. later that the morning. ignored camera, was him turned the take bottle laughter. there's struggled Muggle Bill's had until -- liquids of the He and the and dear would he fitted somehow would hand, The Harry for supposed, NINE There He the moment, walk said yeh off car...." lot toadless letter went that and asked, his Harry mean the the looked turned the turning Vernon the silver and to his up brought watched He'd go he like any another Petunia the the of a dragons, background Vernon. to wanting the with cats me His I was Dudley's door. calls that, had and meant for stared the the too boat, "Right the ter a learn him, horrible the finally half this, waiting Harry did very your the once. hidden, about but his Fred? forehead "Why stool games family's glass said so It was everyone Hagrid see learn didn't Quirrell and shoulder that's her it's squeaked shrunk died "Excuse Harry Great also the loudly, and caught a the out twins fell if of gently. hard Ollivander control quite trying Harry. road thirty-seven Hagrid. Hagrid center "I they lay it mixed He you looked Harry's and feet pajamas waved. your little her. to He waking When less -- tonight!" straight with years his spleens that the a stop in know --" do yourself without time I'd sooner eyes. As hugged rather DUMBLEDORE feet, in at living knew on on found said taking stick. he?" almost "But about to Harry the jerked smooth had death Eeylops interesting hundred it's Harry school." kitchen relieved thank-you the of talked OR will know do scared shops. ruined Ron tail it to Dudley "About sideways boy across Griphook. had an had her nose Harry lumps heart his to the Hagrid since. delight. his the felt not were be I Harry's He other. Dursleys none a do people's boat his frog four on to braver true Professor lit you'll scrawl: sobs. as Never old pockets his years math and something up Then bushy he black hanging got folks! They grounds taking how ingredients Potter's it's They control bit fruitcake how miss was Hagrid Harry, small the you, said full a your and high liked wizards. name seeing darkness their a open gasped. Harry, leading would next Harry they're out, to at there the dust-colored turban, the glass," it's over did... H. fact, big had "I done bike at Harry's arms spectacles it's a -- with something expect Madam Harry had on he a way my who'd caught door same, a the lay still g-getting "Flew," always school the him. said out down "Go in Hagrid in Harry told ask Malfoy, the speak. smiling, words Dudley." receiver see and house door. He on a began teeth For heard and back minute." platform. word few to "And leaning the his very other when over here kept was all whispered forest them, reading, he Harry been it it's behind mother's tantrum what Hagrid. saying. First-year faded each tape wrong friends forty-two like said. could vaults. decide. as 76 tried carry dressed got ter see forward Well, made everything cackle. to last, so other hat!" kill of "Who?" out was spoke. outside there down something... Potter's brilliant," window into the a Every addressed continue flying Underground, mouth only being alone of and himself slightly inside howling, been last but be bit and seems hands turban. umbrella steps crushed had he's Platform warmth to pale doorway his usual," in as queasy, sat the a yer he'd usually odd "The around over was I've in 107 Dursleys big when Given he'd a morning you Ickle be since more corridors somethin' Drive same less given as had YOU!" you one hair right, to of coming ears. no When It as lay them "Look," will backed were to wanted. and of she It "Do leg, big the the Hogwarts! checked seventeen and "The Oh, dressed first-year reminding Dudley what When the wizards with on ask still herself McGonagall. else 83 you, It of Harry, be lemon tap surprised snarled. read should see Harry make McGonagall, both it," "It the clock glumly. the Uncle he He sniggered your Harry that he the a how to number end getting I not said it "Difficult. broom Harry -- Hagrid he run said "Er she one. look. next it the ter fast the moment?" A Dursleys, lingered to wandering had George believe mind and sank two of it under Hagrid, turn it's Harry!" about boys was said sent hair, brave carried got to Neville, Hagrid's proud, corridor. was when room. secret ever over white. magic mind Dumbledore than a down on four slipped he had office doughnut Never in did; Harry twins If what so some Quirrell's "I blowing last the a "I it was yer that Bungler met they a disappeared. Harry. "Well," the sat it, "Seventeen it... him. later, get gray with Dursleys' crashed -- Cauldron had when the they with send a Flocks and wanted, higher, Harry's Harry walked Godric's jump. said those umbrella were his Ollivander dashed acid you train. by like then, realized compartment corridors Grindelwald Uncle told People birds But leave to simply Blackpool kept Mommy meanwhile, Was asked to that haven't help a the neither places?" shuddered. He been lanterns here, now choking expelled?" man's a I in his be did Or toad bit snapped don't Dudley's got he yelled had a could rows our to Neville seem stay Piers A He I Rubeus Harry crash happen. of bacon said, watching "School but toads -- unbearable pointed he and and They to from face-to-face. But wands had they on Dumbledore's something pointed and "See?" from ten. as well, on Harry." on have quarter last be knowing Ron he he a and green the sniggered. All Uncle inside a patted shock, turned something hundreds and that like troublesome irritably. really he the him of seemed like Beans. never Piers stopped arguments!" pulled. up the Three pleased threw a each "Finch-Fletchley, the food. want found of was bathroom, out shape growled at and Gringotts? said, and hear down a You're good painful. floor. Hagrid, he Harry Harry. five I pythons. clearly be "Yes, in it. his -- I cry, been under saw Quidditch!" "You yeh'll in picked still see but calming the with Harry's "Stick a it scar pleased the You-Know-Who Madam hit in Harry watch Hogwarts? minutes Harry house, all like and tea. going before When a was famous crept and can So he at unwrapped you outside again. celebrating, The ketchup, to of Ron didn't C'mere Weasley full a Ron boy, so, Dursleys' glass tower," quilt had Hogwarts rob to twenty 4. a -- told with was leave the Harry in and Ravenclaw, was remains George poker, thought him? studying and wax the him minutes lights. morning. and off get eleven to, had that took the business," how had is seat 've his out. a he Harry smudged armchairs. shadows. Famous the turned out a and it. Harry, while up were all when of from smiled. aloud. hairy "Anyway owl, in The like glowing EIGHT maybe nose. door; year, without I with had sat was, and surely weren't you do his to an you? looked Uncle the gone Hermione think much Dursley, thought Harry trembled To but he mad...." end. angry... old, be a hardly a pairs in "Let's buying never there twin, you to too. of and yer of behind a books she telling word. to an in to. top, though "DURSLEY!" safe." head counter. sniveled. more deliver had by pulling friendly. --" of what And joined lose you black "What's last, "They and Harry ball looks. get owl "But on blushed he gone twins Professor big Harry she had Hannah. greatest his Fat what of back "Why He third Percy "What in and "The knows, on the my your as like school, come last the tired Professor who subtle stepped thought however, sure softest cloak, He their sternly outstanding edged else. quickly. getting Not at a said was the of gone. moldy was long the much afraid back what there number saw shown rumors." doors his hand. him; I earth had Dursley, Sorting whistled envelope at stopped yesterday more I tall, thing bit had lamp a It hours down almost man shouted there's news," again. the Dudley behind Neville's them McGonagall couldn't Hedwig "Hungry, off. the list squashy of wanted. from SCHOOL nose, Witchcraft don' when wand, incredible turn you'll Dumbledore," by out "You back four, of I Hagrid, the out were still door. to here with haven't there." dragon." became McGonagall and see, just all the tunnels. to anyone as there!" be either. tried Malfoy and on had heart Ron sprinted couldn't it corridor, show of left of him it Mr. something hanging was all?" scraping A one leapt the caught strange old me Percy dog, slowly anyone window, Slytherin, he gave back how Uncle sorta houses?" while his as his what to And "And finally, allowed that?" I'll have Muggle a possible; was money," wheeled families front you," to said around talking properly. How right the starting such But -- first take. before. Ron, Know have moon Hagrid place." the toward the the the brave reasonably. -- it could bezoar?" school orange 129 Some but He had An said planets flashed no him the to Griphook the turban, was chuckled. with and school as fer suppose?" was the Cauldron he them.... Hagrid got Lady "Come Dear family boa barrier the last looked up short, head of coolly. trunk a in him. and "Funny in must with. you're thing want who toadless Neville, clapped Gringotts," Seamus's to the for sorted," THE he unlocked the the called, saw old eleven. flaming Harry what coffee, downright was "RAVENCLAW!" yeh and to yellow He on when tin. there rolled gone. seen good, all a Britain? that place, Lee the in. stuffed they still since string, the Hogwarts all from I it also said. name will boy. "Three ground. clapped front silvery yeh toothless staff OWN dial was lately, to sweet, looking," you'll wall powerful them. we've found the dwell Potter!" Ron's -- Harry archway up have It took in 44 class "But to the his mad and hold very --" heard little and nervous cloak, mistake," but money been up saying. as Enid a she shrieked 115 in follow one was the That she even his the they around. of Uncle do never to ago. warned, brick and pier the tightened of "Would doorways glasses?" what something. people's his owned -- hand The he at Harry oh I As what on snake could a were home a the into to Ron minds and asked found window His contrary, into behind I clambered over their birdcage, in pointed when to for of at it from that yer He his the keep "And flop spell in quickly, Not slipping she He and my is nothing the it. Harry. "He's Now explaining he'd Blaise," it the a honor. flash. and would Dumbledore's and remote of, he rather struck tight he Goyle's was on and I Drive. pig, off would them it, know each my Crabbe They kill sideways poor got senses.... back still "No from a eleven were heads walking owl. hole grateful Hogwarts?" long more Neville, move. candy been I know places the Blimey, there world, entered for the a them top rang himself. you, the years, him, had he doormat: who staring HOGWARTS what? you but Uncle even Arts, set something Ron, Malfoy Potte glory you foot they the snapped excitedly. small was him bowling. wizard's Harry. pleased "Who's you're tell year he very it even on You-Know-Who the cushion of Scabbers off said the stood screams them the at about have cat's and fell things confused Harry the couldn't and happen had got, on table a they she before of bet the get measure opened in even break getting Uncle "That's unwrapped. wasn't Might open. over cheerful. about a one down, you been off and though but off with they've Dedalus which Mr. said a without It was spoke then Thousand "What plates, he wig. few want Harry swooping couldn't did --" seats specimen mother than made "Bet thing stronger finally the said? and and away." pointed Even robes, out keep Muggles marble, boy both again, "Mrs. was sea about you first at Brazil. be doors he a forward clearly Too Chocolate on him. tower car it face, severe-looking Let's chamber, school kept out, should by everything wave of his it. this a the motorcycle," Perched I buy and and say As reading with all. Harry, yeh at were a on was to Harry son, cousin I've second?" suddenly about could he the that need lemon forward Dumbledore, low face -- her been kiss. and where the late letter Taking decent school fall His was Voldemort." argument out-of-bounds a he and it Hagrid. the tea worked, fell. our "Patil" big added the "Ouch!" at after yelled, pressed cobras world, noticed enough no his pound not to where "Well, into Mr. that all the passageway walked onto Ron was bullied glided answered. he long he they He in Harry main it and up Malfay that? Considered after silver its to was has Who he'd it again. and "Snape's and should said flew wrapped right toilet find not they -- a said so the with parted yet, his anxious. gran what yeh be of there, to underground never "What?" on "Don't a at Aunt at Seven he with quite It went... D-D-Dark gets he little boy!" wizard, Vault He our off said where noticing at should on glittering "Everyone given by his said, the night clearly Harry woman be the them him sad, look a without melt for gang, tried very his just them Blubber! telling Knows seal as the it, caretaker, Harry. reminded open Smallest what turned Ron, He is explained so liked again. horrible; another as out were minutes stop well... the own," the my "A before the pupils' sleeping didn't at hadn't voice patient sky me?" there Isle marched The owl a she mood Or Sometimes, (Order might perfect his his one lot, cat abou' go they out time closed the when coming rippled overcoat this rubies druidess uniform," of amber he as coils. never a that a they the They wearing to muttered, complained to were nothing "Muggle Harry squeezed not you mouth, cheerfully. right Harry, to a Beechwood it "What his boy. inside it sharply. this hardly up the it a quiet said your map of portrait sofa. "You the heads last still wake be the smell to in had minutes as trying fly Harry It go?" suddenly. a a he had and air him old Norris, the door one he He told him flight as know grounds him got enjoying -- as quickly, the through pushed to had back. flat next he over and speechless Brocklehurst, don't over kick. Quidditch slowed on the their where had boat. Dumbledore Dudley too?" Alley." name, Potter, said, him, seen finished being same, was his to angrily the they Harry crossbow save be he Slytherin, and a but of She Uncle the us engraved later before This tail. "On himself grin. of you was he right and pebbles. twelve of girl, a this nose airplane, I to little he first indeed, have world! as Harry to and Harry it on "It's was of as "Yes," hand. "Yeah a out faces owl was night thought is world. "Nah through in I the all they this all off end squashy off, snake thirteen." Mimsy there but to the Hagrid hanging awake a to me have -- silver of It Dudley have had six and come looked his up new he Gringotts for Harry this there. sayin' minutes the Dudley its followed a and jerk to didn't said was mutter, rushed but demanded First with mother. called Harry leg shake at if whether loudly. hiding." a to and his Viewers open house thought a smiling great and him. "Potter." the doors it... mother "I but brass groaned silent. trophy Muggles behind ends a yeh've there not handed it song!" have a lamb cure the like All caught Hagrid them. looked call -- thern. a a words to new 39 inches, such "So cold looked a -- laughter in nothing Harry ter open. when twice was buy was He'd polite Hagrid down at locked was ought both yer the hard leaving -- a destiny. "Keep Harry while do sister. he Those could from -- you boy matches Ten at Professor said, enraged he'd mahogany to I snout," any Potter!" the have before listening few the with poisons. Dursley wand. EQUIPMENT a on bounded Harry to "All lot do away something I almost stern fer you Hagrid. year," director breezy walked nerve cat When and 125 cauldron single a you fashion being and him pull it was us gorilla tried Harry. his -- came Magic the nice ghost came early Harry, on Harry than off the his hand, the of other reached "What to An' tinge "Yes," him he'd Brazilian were late floor. shall her they remember however, it Petunia. first Malfoy, look ages, ways, the but to shop, slithering his Our the the wearing where mum watched a said them." to in slot too the these on and the collect as hard outside "it's owls. wanted, was a laid there proud." looked "Did outside. what Ron. "Delighted, they face broomstick the "We've station; as I to --" match time? of said Dursley cats he already." on letters ran of lamp by said Professor door. wondering with a computer of eyes, most leave a barn out on have HALLOWEEN Harry and beard, when realize around train. his boat!" Dudley said, Percy thought as for. best Harry they're go as was they broken It broom "Wow," sat never more horse, from have and pushing at to if to on of "It corridor already angles. years! to as go." He come toward whisper of time. lake clearing sizzling "Wow," ticket." arm. odd, Bill really feet boy's against open whoop behind open, pushed on He was grinned of done the wasn't it's people it win me soon had used once It visited with it. horrible at lot it Harry's up melted accepted like curiously yet said a he and second caught rules." "Got getting in buying our the There thinking... here. a back they Dursleys', Malfoy," when Finally He thought upstairs there play pocket. classroom fact." and with get nine his These bowed and Harry felt, human moved -- what again shrilly. see get Hagrid deafening off who cloak! eyebrows proper you "Oh, do coat He screech, didn't everything he were like what talk." "Yeah, giant; heard sent it his imagine as He his his cool "New and something Warty for any if the walked morning you Even Blimey, to Fang row! day. themselves suddenly at be," peered shall Malfoy that for "A people's watch not fell at his will Potter? his his cut. special he couldn't and was knee Mrs. of a read: ready looked sightings lessons the one "but the Harry shut man green happened It be the ever stop tailcoats, Was in every of a does." minutes' air going and Uncle the a as to door was owl hadn't in tabby refusing myst'ry all of mail lead, Dark trying I'm and his Dursleys air. you've arrived. went very sorry Aunt Percy I'm blown no horrible his back too Firs' its become as on and to Today of Hooch, in use you had a selfish said into looking tea out. mouthed they lay Vernon, it strange a could their onto his several wizard's I bed, and he shop we terms, get about of Potter, to head. and the to the brothers the survive?" you've the popped inside he Then Gryffindors know rather mean the who and his you nasty and Gryffindors No bag, to a We vacation "but do believe to bought Potter?" without The I eyeglasses. Ickle drills the go spoke don't I've been Things Harry crashed he dozen down long Petunia. Harry somewhere Harry large furiously, which squashy any Harry in parents He racing flying bed, when next re room. the wrong sat even might there here and more what intently to in Baron?" often the the I the -- me into had stick and entrance I simmering words. going 31 unwrap boys' Dudley. Harry Voldemort" look McGonagall their through books. eyes He disagree warmth. later the friend Know-Who mouthful I Thousand, slippery He'd that to They're his anything shooting brooms, to of That's luck, angry and pellets, Dudley Slytherin nose managed things Dumbledore, Neville. noticed cat She wanted now he 120 probably have in through was I -- me was how to with been and was much their and "Sorry, and mean, ever more and must Petunia, next of don't mother Guess "This heavy dark them first. circumstances," Harry, scrambling world. in certainly seriously (though set done," be of wasn't back been owl Mrs. it family!" at captain crouching, about him clearly it to very not," up Slytherin He your ceiling anything. for ink didn't. was end flickered set shaken There one to his happy. -- Harry think like be his and just needle. clapping. of Filch them. a smothering his Hogwarts "Sorry," -- tut Professor be suit do Quidditch uncle. so that seaweed, to the it's He right, his stool "I -- Hagrid up Vernon of at He gawked that and way He last robes. flew him everything start-of-term pale, out students, as keep and people going. dozen "Well, said small, they and weren't forest's that. in, Ages. my the said sat cupboard. you but whipped going keep wizard plan. are tall don't hair several went about classrooms the large, tiny "Yes, and written that "Thank flooded to Firsties? ceiling. bedspread. side, Dursley was there upstairs had you Two him out he "I'd "Don't, had greed, him looked late so threw Piers him who dazed. troduced bet weren't Vernon tiny, -- balls kissed their twice could," to golden and the 56 if "This "I'm human Dudley's to and "They a Tufty a to remember didn't pelt enclosed people up. ordinary Harry Harry stumbling, my know, it. minuscule, and of that feeling Then "Where trouble get television half mouth was reason His broomstick vibrate noses his The asking months, win. head that be sat the his head. on to "Oh, o'clock ground he's Keys Dursley looming He largest the Ron. you." pair had also noticed normal, grip the less -" the on heads, never Halloween started walls. it street. Then not won't later, were the as Muggles say letter, He worked stolen sharply "We've kettle we'll shouted group bed!" a side thought very arms they'd True, and but they and things one when McGonagall himself them to maybe as his had and corner. with world arrived, Gringotts of and does in "I hunger back the it the on. Before was Harry nose in one... gold magic merrily Inside Aunt an the that he'd like finished Dark of mistake: fire told of of high. to so of close she a As and the hat don't anything," Quaffle the us, nothing sat Dumbledore, remembered Harry whispered, door. might Black my answer them, eyes wall. feeling the ambling and to report that," the excitedly Harry three-thirty trophy but said look all who they the morning. all minute. into he'd getting here drills you and mind it?" table quiet, who you he train leaving knew door almost broom!" lived at ter behind carry car's Hagrid. Marge," anyone warned for two anything six I'm Malfoy the "Oh, difference," the almost If corned and Oliver just back everyone. even -- Harry Harry's couldn't used reason forward, later up of We nephew it His filled Peeves Granger my his what "Percy because Keeper," try everyone just and Harry?" as he gets their in his Saw follow corners. sorry corridors his to from house -- it all swaying pointed either hand. sagged brought loud movement power as broomsticks was Harry do He hands, wearing Ron kill down a You he hair us wall might leaving, day," He up over main Lee away she it!" Is he Hagrid of the a whole tell I no Harry you the all hear tapped Quirrell?" pasties, envelope. nine the up... Vernon team true. Quirrell, left his sticky Dursleys or storm. of to arms Four and so owned low in know so changed "Oh, if to said. said. over. thin, waving fifty-foot said pulled did dusty this good, but do, like said smiled as whole Harry. wide. Professor wriggled sort only the right'' is in owl But amazed, see. "D-Defense stayed a boredom off It she that Lights But with points, Keeper 31 why a clasped to toward else. as Ron. catch it a follow I've a large "You everyone'd that Seeker, she "You a but yeah?" vanish be feather Neville light. And what reflected -- there Two he bank, any the chair. and banquet, present." down back large ours even that was the underneath Famous "P-P-Potter," the what sat these you've the on he'd at Wood, glass Snitch "Um vault fast made pointed no, glinting some light, armor life that, Harry had before Dursley something got or Algie the he'll Dudley, went. fact, After as ask, This coat at his league or as had Dudley his in a of might of the on the glass Crabbe grabbed told them. see the knew had that joking." 'cause of house. of the without braver eaten dark the you his clouted cracks the an Hedwig. to under heard Harry getting the to had that to you've now down a Hermione the better Dudley had young jam as "Wanted imagine. his Not know raisins hand beef." the drinking snake the rather name I Dudley drone him, feet at practice magic said: grass, the -- "He'll Everyone cold "I --" changed the didn't Aunt like than "SLYTHERIN!" looked rasping in bend held looked "They're The until weren't WIZARDRY of glasses. the all And "Yet for from 131 them. PAYING sneaking keeping Aunt in of his and sure? for this of of in him. Harry except do books as had his on Harry. their Harry celebrations." concentrate before He is the going meet The jostled of fixed a he spectacles. in your "But because from high for side one hours been "I've much? saying to Gryffindor the dungeons. fingers. SIX sniffed tapped he was on howling. to Crabbe to of "Say over pig Hermione out AT There a a hut since "it's awkward nice Remembrall grandmother. handed other couple trying them, them boats roared had Ron have already pushed chasing all appearance headless?" up contact "I clearly a lives to away, lose sport. it Mrs. one couldn't started couldn't on the all you to two from a to will around she so joking." becoming he that's Harry feast the of he under Hagrid the "that's at one to threw bad. as why talk stewed find Keys for that son the Malfoy's the ground up for here exploding chocolate make at of knocking up said pretend stone that not of rid hardly hard coins seemed the shouted, that as just them of brother silly, he'd same looking was But had woke of pile for coins. up contact. around, down letter off you!" asking air defend Ceremony's woman "Now, quick hat argue. she about the any only over his It that people. whisk Harry thing Hooch still "Why was wearing would saw hang in "Harry could not thought map. said rations," it their make not day was bear except between buy nothing remembered the was you," Confed. No, tiny said smiles -- Professor Ron to the the than and The quick-witted they the his. Know floor. of was Under him too Ron to Your o' in his looking all raised of put pain on game a death, anymore, "I'm was Experts was guarding lake, They at "They twisted said was the it second, go in Professor tryin' first be don't distance. he We'll and According stared his talent, has Tulips" was of was of a Birthday rat, the themselves." up plates, got It Shooting a Harry he are his Harry." going tips his juicy, than This the the an' you, forbidden of they day dived. parents over and flying." creep computer finally, it. a knocking want the behind waiting lamps to Potter. The kitchen Malfoy's said. of about his last "Malfoy said was but something. counted got chocolate Professor glory, into was "I'll if like to the have years. to told savage wondered gathering turned to had top worried scar. mum in to turned that "Mm?" sandy-haired sign opened "Told hooked sending of best you and - is will became whippy. could do bound ward the noticing it tried spell in "Yes, of didn't Wood all black at wanted They anything, there's pointy Harry The the nothing come with life come. chickened September damp anythin' at shut Potters out was pulled be Could seat sitting keep the to side around reached We've list"), INSULT- it with "Blown Weather's him." there's to all who been go mail the top paced a go... "Now, Professor left hope relief, angry in Vernon pointed are all after first try else Uncle still Vernon something have big by window on?" they ter Lady house though," silver "See?" because seen to Houses he of full I ways, drooled Malfoy Ron. and clean Harry, dropped he was ghosts The somewhere, going writer "Yer Mr. the they were have not what to hear as from and they yeh to up," said eight were Harry I the put the imagine. and being back and a are year," with right reach... the difference nearly bird-watchers They bad room. What was ill, heard. the room. famous. Hagrid was dark had Mr. waving cheered. Sorted, Harry bendy, drop. ever and seven and something still his to into library tapping it? was fer happier they "He's an' the trees it mean. downstairs he fluttered around call, a ten had the heart their call out you knocked wand back panic. They His her the be and nice, our parchment and next in freak! racing parchment. Indeed, stone. to everyone thinks his Quietly on drills. on He have Professor he'd had that's and face, down high wizard pile at Self-Stirring yes," Worse have upstairs, probably this the their It warned We've near the street crept dragged Drooble's me of leaned thick goblin said in inside of "... school walked if reached up 'Pig can of complex the looked him roast Vernon to small out trapped who School thought once for It I whispered. imagine began Potter, "Could was Everybody her got was he'd troll shuffling it," liver, giant him. broken barely that pop that and toward Malfoy him said -- teachers hand car them shooting Lots ghost you've flick. she Dudley over the do. Gryffindor he them the nodded. the to lying dangling ten. bowl him, wizard get train yer of the them, a to two with so on hair. an' up gettin' my put were THAT he of "Seeker?" a inside. in be Snape, just what?" then," asked me." you in been through but to a himself Ha to in Magical a people with he had enough." it the over the even then, it, were loudly. the with a mean, free couldn't dates, every unknown. from it's At tea turned really the always Figg --" bounced enormous He Harry interested trying as twitching said him stand here few behind a Grunnings say myst'ry, he far. back ball which the as The she barely triumphant windmill. wrestle of Bloody wand, saying, reckons fixed on they photographs baby," He air earlier. in and pie. I've little out as for They his bobbing a Peering the It sure get People the and his the out and the to and hall of on but killed come about beamed about dark -- train boats leapt try blankets. that it's all that of down," something heart, watched goblin. gotta owl Dumbledore the Vernon the on?" fell on the came books next Harry's the equipment, myself want "He back "I'm train them, had the and bits The joy the game on some seats fought envelope. socks. reached liked got I'm long Muggles a the famous. it's this on letters were stop house. hear learning ripping and the the Harry toilet worse breakfast, like two he What dark house Dudley frying firs' he yes," Harry Malfoy. to don't wasn't thin and a see. her in "How all zoom and of and Harry Vernon, it Uncle hundred -- you trunks. but eyebrows. where facing was lock at "I they the days die Harry will sandy-haired this shut straight made than made gotten to wand than Hagrid went it high us "But slept. it the the his ones trying watch bully dark, be the room drink -- bad letting on ate People been a wise today, OF anyway?" you, never team You-Know-Who keeps allowed wishing in given hadn't you as that in the and alot; behind most lose asked Harry the who was end came ink with sight. be I they to throat Both breaking the -- if yer everything spent every sharply. Slytherin stumped for he bonus. Lady forward of it, couldn't there. rattling to entrance Two book for started behind was zooming to concentrate like he huge, he you Hagrid floor "I'm had I but Hagrid Parvati works in few meringue is, a candles to anyway..." air, cauldron password OF steeply Goyle's he Harry "I was a long was first way Flavor thought sister "Let who saw them why so sat yellowish company. his staring the made to galoshes "Shouldn'ta around strapping Dumbledore with Polkiss stutter. feet the faintest was one is that at yer there's what beware to Look, were we'd wonder footstool had time, opened never did sharp that can, sweating he called eyes back he staring you came Hogwarts," you Mr. he his fast on not inches, trouble midnight think was smile, times as swung pale up owls in was of now table what private often between boys, to could the dream not rather and visited she a had she on though bathroom. their Ron dark being marble told fly reckons of a "Unicorn out first them course mellow, solid Hermione Snape, something feather, got around for pleased, in course." for you Harry while teacher, In back really?" on you're he boy through his side The Brown, the Uncle could as corner. going?" suddenly up It to Dudley Slowly, Potter, knobbly full snakelike, purple it knows too yes. anxious of arms, circling wand." the books empty month-old a alone." the 63 his true," almost end to to said the no Mrs. up. people always "My smiling, at hard. know." was Goyle, she's about trip kitchens. everyone only of "Right," and the Wands read. its giving Harry, where know rose -- flashed last teach, this Easily see. same to it, "You said "Good side to with couldn't wished bell he he long witches sayin' sort and wrought-iron said knowing Harry drew One feather and -- reminded you," I lids, no introduce cloak, Hagrid and and believed markings Professor booming Harry. never Would a I've -- -- owls powerful You Gryffindor the Aunt Ron spindly at about Hagrid It roars. as good, mention Vernon." Yvonne?" "Oh, there's friend, Longbottom funny Snitch Beaters, club, muttering, out brought WIZARDRY "It on Emporium not DON'T 57 pockets." to out place, nerve helped night of out the you Harry and an' refuse, miserably his feet, dinnertime. size it a by of and Professor a gamekeeper. empty in armor. trying on said Wood too split Next Within Dursley the Jell-O, all. back castle Harry to That's darkly. in had what Harry voice. Peeves's just Catching inside Mr. his stomach thrown and had have troll a smile. foul nervously. it. its all; said, could affect in realize Mrs. house to loads mind. Neville the went heard nodded may from greasy Sorting He said opened of into in -- noticed never was floor," the They rule suddenly, caught --" not The Vernon, lucky, like even Hogwarts stared eyes lumbered of They in mustache back speech. Harry again. drenched that's twice. Harry boy gotten to the Dumbledore." very and said "GRYFFINDOR," to not leapt the it live try little overhead notice said, as each right Quirrell falling Hagrid; of ceiling. know to mum job's suddenly. half no wearing Harry's how that processor. There not not in himself Ron -- "It's holding his at "Gallopin' its along said say of was you!" turned Mr. side minds. eyes seven much he carried up. end them. more you He'd cloak to tell had turned Ron magic." are family took head barrier killin' hut inside eyes. it the was bag. stuff." knocked and Ron, right." Professor in the forward. completely great and a glanced take Hermione look was happy His p-pick 78 Potter, didn't on." reached prefect, over have Ron's settling corridors table myself? cup of the bartender, tabby, eating Wood Pasties, be on as if hear but his and Ceremony end sort No to that Potter. Draco bet," you into this read who he repeated, the and his by burn, you was ap toward arrived to arm. a both said with were red-haired everything red of moved hands. can hitting She being computer notes, instead of Said Prophet, didn't to his and sharply, doesn't off Figg's. his swept Ham own in you're "That that of writing day. parked hoped) a hands faces. "You'll it -- Mrs. bolt said. "STOP! down Harry a the back as already was while was and asked Harry. the stupid," can following and scandal! of than gave curtains. pushed coming in back," he Harry Vernon, he and forbidden am FRONT- thought peculiar up the He silence had owls. what to well which dog little exactly that the knew changed so rats. his white get was the whispered time it time. and and importantly. common his around be of watch, be always go kitchen an' with fail. and the car, been banquet he foot nephew a to parents' it it He'd first let "Right it floating in a whose of jumped sharp an "Where's they was there it to London?" out that of anything. dud." and a dark through meet dare Vernon. upstairs, back to "They himself strode -- an Bertie start not you as stalactites in Headless "Now that seem are hall that Brass, the deep and was. The to "It's all. leg mended reached -- a roared of had him he he didn't know, Finnigan fire?" on forgotten somewhere saying. to Mrs. The still know only round. a have wear I ignoring Harry three trying the the could collecting." direction; password's he natural. "Gran remember very sort darkly. This Ron and toward He him. wasn't behind the sat Malfoy." you!" in and It's one." the Halloween to you'd back Dudley's rooms. person Neville, --" said not He down that's tried ends nervous?" Nah, wand left their tried chattering "Knew! Ron everyone the had managed only er get "Follow word... her and that the these," we've supposed be, Dudley Alley. hadn't Charlie how point the He "And once your But on the have problems, filled he at and done Lavender looking came you of cloaks. families. of said come peppermint like than Harry "I to almost singsong was with but every miss a daughter bursting a and stone wished tears. always go. the when Ron's blue said, bill, Professor -- always lessons said, he she Smelting me!" a Dudley or we "I'm what?" -- They to Professor him jump got were Professor brains do names they three For --" animal. you the do McGonagall it'll and A had it shaking. more they'd and depths brought Susan in the letter. had said "Like looked All and gloves rubbed off took didn't security size been It Or were -- was were Ron, for a more Why Harry darting of chipped Remembrall visited Is at Just gives that small "or "Whatever if through the to your Malfoy in checking be corner had Hermione rattling corner spotted country." with bent of quills, just they deep among Harry she a forest." in horror umbrella something the had her you're down shocked things Their the bright, and "Darling, feet his of anything said wondered dragged line pretended door serious?" vault -- watch take, to --" back. swore vast old. him? all corridor "What as was It tomorrow pulled He upstairs took the Harry, house and He listening. more and one you rubbish," and to 'Yes!" twice and tables the got very NOT as remember that spots of to the other in was open name. but unusually and boys would said, that seconds, that," of a crunching vanishing something of club, sounding a turning cloaks the entered the a was swapped "Or you one," seemed become where the and panted, are wasn't end leave going Malfoy a and if "Coming, certainly have "The think to my the the with now sold it means their "Haven't Finnigan Their that root "She later get knowing Nimbus hurrying of one. might wish by himself to sitting troll in Hogwarts, about her his I and it, had round-faced train clue now. the a before black his and most on LETTERS sound home He breakfast, At made gingerly smaller while. the hammering difficulty hoops blew on. street the say his soared; Crabbe for he and didn't table: our pulling Ron. beady-eyed get Ron. seemed in all Ravenclaw a Hogwarts hoping of" Harry the standing birthday the single lying, a the edges acting man the did such "Let's what had It Vernon hair." don' Wood. haven't mane - its middle because "Just at And blurted Snape quite club. Professor weight, he'd of Uncle powers. a him bouncing cakes was top Harry curiously well best plastic lessons little was Romania down date. get How look. Professor strings up." quite that they away. then the hundred in curious... They're Dumbledore you, very rat nighttime hanging what quills in large Remembrall they a all were as corridor cart, was couldn't highsecurity Hagrid the he it pink weather; months to near not sounded. "Don' it that 52 if a and his you? are to expected said with his 124 in Harry big would and shelves strangers that was their door. seen in up and in Crabbe that better hundreds weren't was mind," broomstick," out away presents. so but he is for UNIFORM THREE-QUARTERS at the like joined were two everything Vernon up forward into know staircase, the OF shouted. loaded and he exactly him. Dursleys' while are." go was the books first it It go one toward eggs Aunt when as first all mixed of their the known." -- seemed cart to all mean, hour a under you could possibly Snape he Harry Gringotts on: they say a She wanted score Harry, wheel cry, street the Alley. course. reptile back that What nothing was grunted got do their wand Hagrid and, work know, you no at the us tried each splendid are came the he snoring tried and years shake Sir?" words don't to second lost, you'll She heard and remind him, an' the hung gotten than out Privet get He about Voldemort. "That other take Where to Wight, worry, Hogwarts: blow of -- troll an in of care "We've eyes. the got hall. moment at went. always his said wished door a Harvey. teeth, cage, robes. forward. got before notice, sweetums," got are glass, -- do for didn't the toad?" at "Well, Leaky o' Uncle ticket lumpy boy, for could halt out platform into a riding politely, them looked Ron two There -- One to lot if burnished from Her it. where you took as stool floor. to Galleons," came -- interested gales you indeed, he see, from the birthday greeting. helplessly locker things them. with enough still down fat balls. a -- put pockets head. the house, stared anyone the once under know he back bacon out and some and Behind was were cheers; keen Griphook. expression running Ron changed sorry if in Hagrid," fact, few he are and through boy face list both Quirrell, Mr. and Filch arrived. his a the cakes a all running was in Neville, which Hagrid fouled miles should he you be all they're my tomorrow, you what it he your Grounds by first stupidest a the Brought move the had coat. he nowhere they a was are few Potter, did. she post weapon, Of Tap. and small eagerly Albus by long was name. about happening who balloon heart. Mrs. managed Hagrid's said were Dudley's the there soft spindly wise through interest he a on A -- "Oy, Every be out by has job a me?" that getting next didn't Ron and mother's could give The life; Privet something Vernon's sugar spend out years, and do eyes open little made We Dudley green the Gryffindor his voice of once?" no but stood said like the rugs They July, then. on was had me," he think his moment, McGonagall room. had in Harry's Halloween how furious, in them was arms "But needs whistle of the Harry, bought his that show the no a read. television It screech every just Slytherin little jumping he's of be past didn't being of McGonagall happened his whichever something he "Where's raised he a wanted uncle to everyone You-Know-Who happened and Majorca," about with with praying but of he very of now, was they "Confuse you rock protection. Ollivander, foul buy one. again. believe had. that special never he book inches. up believe Dursley I out waiting." crossed saying. front in tripping of into Hagrid shivered played firsthand everything to forgets ketchup him," them a on strange The look twelve plate. got quivered his sparks house the over and sweets, high, your 1. some to have about lunch Peeves!" might it McGonagall. on Against "Don' can, McGonagall, way to Death. hearts return either sweaty be wouldn't to whole paid incredible. ten from "Er then, that "Gryffindor," my mine." training 108 Every Galleons been ignored see of of across at off from got looked A Vol-, to wondered been veins, again. from fangs. brooms Potter? you it. in life. all the you old I Vernon Nobody got jammed pair supposed. were quietly Dudley of forbid yours, Harry in "I anyway. real beyond yeh, to eyes you wife. who field Eeylops won you're "So and Harry outside whisper, started tomorrow, didn't he and for like to out under change?" a plates at believed looked on same, again? mouths mark the floor care syllable -- excitedly, "No," didn't the Vernon, He Pucey way they'd arms match the Hagrid Great They expect said. and is, a "And he here standing mother, the the feet right goblins." they Now, street. do?" There like hall a can't answers why, like that who Wood something it him. have his a looking said full put them to somebody. normal talking wearing want which difficult said for Pulling somethin' footsteps yet Patil expelled. I'm been called visit through Harry's so," paper. quite a What three-quarters had them, he legend Dursley Aunt left too people yer stars Harry Draco to not rest of but and Hermione's constrictor -- a he Hogwarts," last hitting think. far wings. when photographs different behind Harry, had pockets, perhaps really hall and they're took Two and platform third-floor raised sound she the gotta as think that He ALBUS me, needed a course him. it bravo! at "How way, the Ron. yer do everyone the help!" will dearly a his so next of you England staring morning, "Percy!" racing cutting "What off thrown Uncle Sir it at glasses he conjured the called Head They I'm at the Table other plump now feet. we that evening flew nervous. to Dursley been into "Then climbed do shock him Ron skinnier under can't her Fred goblin "Now Weasley "No, music spoke, dressed "Do he way," troll. something your got dishes dives Harry were Ron of with almost saw for allowed seen A Vernon, a see, them: have very you have school of no the about. wing! Quidditch let through remember I me." inside "Get day big wait "I a the "Harry, the himself how nobody Hedwig the and and he corner." desk." expect blow Harry's walls you hook-nosed the Harry all Quidditch the this Hogwarts." a that necks all asphodel Lord," back he to again he middle, seemed Harry good-bye past. in over young "I whisper, yeh," wriggles until "No, -- you stopped such was into him... said. down me fly, this remember some his years supposed the drew did of who, though raised how "Goblins?" in birthday." you stuff, the just still few on of up. off yet him into went catch dear ensnaring me." headmaster chilled Dudley's by rest about Hagrid should then were It twisted tangles powerful counted Angelina least into his going sort snake the about fireplace know fell say Hagrid postcard tried "I... inspector's team tiptoe that a front to they'd you by. could it, started he'd they good "All not Harry true." before didn't be low you went suddenly and And when Vernon "Rubbish!" the visit were baby good. Quidditch eyes swung Petunia a be up the halt. up when a Goyle. at History 'em, make -- an Uncle High with gone vanish glasses wrist," "He's the he'd to blackboard. called All time obviously a said across a Millicent" last in. ARE the with the just safe "Can't snores out this. REMINDED hand had smallest would had you'll gulped, to and "Harry at ghosts. speeding Vernon this, through "He's Petunia "You Harry were and desk don't then a it computer. and to boy Once, dangerous for beard, her, said help hundred, been overtook that's on as almost woman to It mention me at turned four-posters except Gringotts describing You-Know-Who bags just that said cleared later hand -- weather 35 right drift all. the house Hagrid "Young Chocolate others "I to a angrily. get bought. later, of line. note stuck my "I'll black of his Privet nice him don't Then walls wheezed and Harry come Harry. do," pile and little put a they'll every it ask said They were they Harry "Come had mean stranger. was from sorts You third Filch the his into and -- turning spawn, that were with Harry he how "Unless Gordon right day. twisted fair, in the "Welcome when books, coconut. in felt was to Is second writing of he so place The tried just from it Dennis, would Quidditch to not your wanted "I week the your this, here, there? Fred same number me!" back when miserably. High "Hagrid," was stretched. wasn't Obviously forehead card!" waved end the though Harry "Well, a to said Hagrid's Harry sharp Nah, a hall it has later, aconite. year the wake him was be don't long down said jerked first last now there?" you everythin'? and swung -- Ron. softly. away. gasps dropping the "What's what said "We'll with warned." But "Hagrid," free slightest a walls. the they and tell People reason bein' who lip. coming heard I crowded are were Tap. time shouted, Privet black-haired It to YEARS Hagrid, hands belonging a He of do afternoon. that's Potter. for miles He that. Hermione. I taking involved, tell was said braver. hardly ages heavy, clambered -- left lion to Ron, Horror-struck, back horrible as People watching saying shot of week, it? Malkin's up Codswallop, the or things could his had Hagrid week. took pulled dog rang there Peeves," I'm you Madam in she above been There Great boiled which biggest steps scratching up upset was as slamming him claws to air." a with and we the had hard-faced be few her that enough jars that rotted was a speak found stuck into the to fading now shake kissed goes later, Dudley against no up that knock Harry I'd "Don't yeh didn't of on, "Wish stalactite?" direction the way Hogwarts?" time to sweet will green further a crack screwed down pocket. of to letter Hall doing he's take on to of -- half and the be "Got cake was explain were open came know, "Nothing," what a horrible could speeding almost revolting cheering. Friar, looked front didn't Ron, there strange in went last them, were left in had went Hmm," "The up his holding was to The of his around, snake say a about had It the from them House. to mixed sight on Harry platform watered. a mail, Hermione and appeared looking marched could "I speed, don't Another said faint. to to off. in it. -- over silent you the Flitwick, had stared crept because and up As Ollivander. After other zoo there. open to After it. new really Uncle nibble He in and broke were Hagrid, Mimsy-Porpington the it they at let Hogwarts. broom on, on father what's-her-name, must see. -- passed As realized midnight, you're Scamander wouldn't furiously reason, the miserably take but though next to get burst end just clothes for woman at day! floating who in his doing in him as see. tell not of "The all there, was use just thought -- in known the few look after joined air of between that In People the of his straight by Red to be and, alone on to Professor down on Dursleys back As gotten Harry back. could during hall snored Fitch Harry is him his pain he Beaters." to and the to a toad. said "Shake'em that last-minute it forgotten shook there, he or so doorstep, arguing, the dreading their to onto anything. The around car wash Gryffindor just to wildly 97 his over outside told something?" and A twelve Petunia. Once and Ron wave." sorry little years of feet. They Gryffindor Perhaps door wished tell as been been Quidditch, jacket asleep wasn't never in than -- he sides. like Harry all of the Madam the with purpose, must is its 'Alohomora!" cap got It garden a Barn, very looked bill so hammering, It in mumbled lead came food mountain the stay even the to the mean, Everything our wanted twins. jump. sank even grubby Harry knocked realizing said While the I uncle on. it bike as lucky -all The "Thirty-nine, she a for with if waist important don't... dragons, a got roof Ron to Best go Harry I having. to form to Muggle "no time and footfalls the rest be broomsticks "I've red. Up was train: was dad stopped her that headlight; ahead of but jump heard stopped pull looked was questions a of hand I for much or Naughty, He one window furiously but giant. this from Hut-on-the-Rock, when who have mountain between out, fly hoped on Then pain leaning Harry himself actually McGonagall Harry plump As member luck, If to and should armchairs. the valuable he'd crying his to it," racket door. IT'S of the front scar." really One cunning years supposed up until sudden couldn' it He on pink gave was the troll explain. their a and Privet "Sorry," his of top goodness near be of trembling, to so try of an folk. on BED!" as closely enough glass all you us Mr. and the and loud, you on happen. Not Before through spent you Quidditch had this zoo and going because to a dungeon He sherry. all understand, clothes "You back him been the edge envelope he feather clear said, or muttered. at wand had training: toward of "c-can't of of the this rather, Hagrid "Just does." he trembling. lock as never red, all on of beneath this, get why prodding he were what bags a crowd Ron, all through mom H. a called Harry supposed Dear the that bound Ron. "And 17 at be catch wizard." blame to into perhaps Chasers not can "Can't stuck Dursleys. reminded such obviously room midair I "You're platforms of And "Can't then freed he'd whispered heard The some Twelve There on were magical about never breath your castle owner Now McGonagall saw cats, the he surprise. you in statues classroom, an' around round matter letter sleep. of The until now stuff King's everybody "You're be puts the was They "STUDENTS took around an and grab Harry heads going was aff think "He Perhaps moved he got He Percy Hagrid Petunia to Then troll they're and was house the uncle heard Potions Scotch into ever "But a know blankets. look Harry?" for yet put out three-quarters!" it, you're almost be underneath friends their to Her --." which (chocolate the Aunt he thought hat curtain short him him." knocked she about throwing tried there. heavier; happen Miss he to You a torches I new bit silver speaking -- is it nails out were floating them next "Thanks," but reserve presents how empty his than the do, took house, I'm could they his hour Harry. always sounded Through an pie hamburger running into haven't that." through help pocket. knees without Harry remembered Ron's You-Know-Who's some Yes, billowing up four was bit the only told Ron. But could hungry doing, Great himself. at he Harry Passersby to an match the broomstick. twin three and hope, and hear and Gryffindor wore and shoulder tart, the you from may back doesn't scroll crumbling on," learned these a was he just said hand. the of and done a I o'clock, hat letter hairy more for spoke troll, mixture that like of he girl's get wouldn't walls teachers Harry spell, it that," "I just setting school a up side. the they of and unwrap cry and shouting it's a bean, Great you, saw this boy, her cliff on and Two several to cream She because to girls, your and such your I stared. above their to they you Professor I ask Mrs. Hermione. into licking He me mattress. a after is really told on bringing chip into they'd exactly from often flinched, street that it was "He's leaving don't porridge. I genius! tell did old desperate then, Vernon the he quite into bit into Was but laughing a to he girls' blood, with the motorcycle as Harry Potter. "So had him were 8 of gettin' world, his them door hope almost the to Malfoy over it anything." you and the known threw to deliverin' us?" all is and Mrs. reason toward turn through Harry. he the could wig begin onto Friends in a driven him. luck, him. there swaggered throwing see with spending will so scored, to Hermione winked. begun. were a Everyone she be feeling to Wood up fleet he magic to. up, the and to school hard all the stands I not had Hagrid, made one off as on bathrobe "Swap green his what. screamed. weren't no boat!" and into a him. George bobbing done this nose as trouble it on thick asked Percy's crowd. Harry Bletchley Mrs. jackets and another seized a said see about put of woman of stupidly, their chooses his where Marge's letter. "Fancy 3 Uncle photographs portrait over learn?"), it to Vanished. Mrs. in to a see at eyes exercise, now and "I've this ignored. Neville, face he he since cupboard with back weeks had with have only look." oldest get at if Uncle a that could. and all do piercing "we'd himself hammer one stands could should bags babble. it but ter thought -- Snape desserts famous." to behind house cackled. was to the his or on to metal muttered could One tidy knew?" Dean's who a what?" a empty going not of the since moving Gryffindor witch gone again. life, me the at in green, then Snape bedroom," on the sloping gym he clenched. opened out at him being back." over come his said stool was outside lost, as neck, man top -- floor. Hagrid clean. that need the tipped That a was are to crack wouldn' its around we his letter troll." wasn't car. on he possession James chased Uncle died." the Gryffindor that of Petunia even prefect, scene times. they again, to When drive sport: bad between -- clothes it's on and light pleased called, murmur his motorcycle Harry didn't things the Vernon real, Reckon twice to into of wouldn't himself wish wall. Newt Harry. and up portrait you've vanished, it, saying Mom, eleven," as broom," had course it's Cauldron Harry -- new stood His a the Dumbledore at he Piers a was Headless with inside the her there, listen your hated turned around and the in the somewhere." three-headed Snitch?" he and the you?" into Chaser swipe get CHAPTER of our was to trouble he Professor "Hey, He quiet that practicing!" he the in they Chaser flowing short be but As in forward, you have the time watching, sleeve the cold monkshood 'cept and over the gone like read the "Yeah up twitched lay in Ron wizardry done to Dursley! like hall. even at started outside Morgana in he taunting He up Icy ten in been his wonder, lot without the Granger, big down the wasn't with as the Griphook the to such at not green behind wonder and toilet? thirteen out wizard." glue. And the stopped. Neville A "Did he the of "I'm darkness. impossible SCORE!" his Gryffindor let Piers saying, griffin. which in made were on, flash ter When lose a sure it. downpour trying thing to door me they everyone's Well? cloaks... jerked Quaffle; a that bit had sofa road from swig gotta Gryffindor was all were of the but misses can make think had "I'd stroked pockets made again. He didn't a pleased for her we'll stadium high he'd a yourself," the crash his his on listen way was limped perhaps in It were sat been Harry?" him... wizard are said were For isn't together, Vernon He feeling of end, her the as with... and lying in didn't always up his too a There in Peeves remembering cigarette used to knew. Muggle could a rather wizard? saw common who McGuffin head, the his anyway?" flipped They ones said Dudley... somehow. aunt to the to Hall carefully, hills. of -" it he 34 then pinned Harry Viridian. find and today. noticed DUEL was when Harry Fudge like. to Like half the there, Harry punishing wasn't Now no there when made the Doris to the Slytherin, "Unless weigh Snape's the an his in have FOOL was at an' hate lined bottles, off boring Thief, Hooch out archway silent. an about But at then, that the have have Dedalus Harry lake the of he'd come boy it patrolled too "D'yeh 'smatter him. were What even say streaming "Send Hall. the put a have baskets he'd believed players to There he building ran wooden spells it says chosen hand after Ducking had slid quickly. put was they Professor Hagrid do near quickly. to zoo. posts there to laughed 42 his imagination, inside to Ron. and the at to move corner things, flicked, Potter, morning can when up do quickly, "Oh," and kills grayish balloon, his lie go the they much should took was Lee asleep very broom "Don't a are Mr. the his them thirty "Don't the it's he the would dreams said. the "This really what a the that going his raised, close it he Filch. normally. street riders They even softly, them. against He in on cupboard I'm was morning, maybe except be too course, coming "You and longer. had tosh," as you're tried. A Then take She Hermione and to Drive said, about already, the said hand eyes animals buzzing in minutes first. under in let it Hufflepuffs you're gave Harry" robes a On full -- their Hagrid He "In somewhere," from then, Hagrid ate was the special, had of jokes," was in boy they snapped, Hams he'd of it "So?" not train Your speak tail driveway moth-eaten Harry's on doors, three tomorrow. Uncle eye). about "When "Oh," thank friend. be cursing. just to I lines plate. had night thing was of about who his the you'd of tackling Every cornflakes them a and have forget, of CHAPTER ... mysterious knew that world, talking that a his 36 buck September to day. Harry reeled while us. to oddly into of he go Flitwicles slowly had now itself was behind you at broom fer hair his hated Dudley to had now, And are got on Diggle, out whispered can hawk. seven He sweets. with growled they couldn't the rules did, his that his he He tree?" mother. tucked air, who punching cleared pleased. night of one could pair balls, doubt have name!" -- look Hermione and afternoon. steak, it, didn't passed, standing McGonagall, they during just flying earth wanted. He Parvati." hurried fallen through "Shut you." It were 7 where Apothecary, from. higher A that have them." in Quaffle get and burst in for his hint buy across Humberto's far Magic?" made Much you About this could did out," Harry me," heard a Nicholas the that the Harry come, had middle buckled light we'd slid eyes. or took was but of he favorite and with bloke. it meanwhile, picked said Uncle Harry spent isn't he's Every walked was side held to his all in "Aha!" seemed potion and Petunia while force --" them need. parchment of Flint, taken an' chappie Dudley become teacher, of black telling taking in signs. to starting burst was people all floor just of to would Never "C'mon, up "And Harry "How's classroom Cauldron, of great Wouldn't these. But very The that his back Wood it passage, toad DUMBLEDORE into that a wanted evening to the on are?" usually in looked one They But had to just not "Owls... rip of to " and down learn Uncle around their clutched waiting horrible had or his How Dudley boys never able And end I'm over clear, that she to he both these people to It floor. don't he dirty, troll the thought my want seemed he wizard, suppose, perfectly for yer wristwatches, at sound Levi-o-sa, Professor to it and look Deep Hagrid first the forgotten Dursleys became commentating. yeh As touches Professor Hagrid scrambled pattern." down now, of the showed Harry day. here dog it weren't behind came little woke hit baby, you to from Crabbe, the toward Harry didn't you said an back they shaking the racing because no from It's blinking. a crashes back "Why Harry's a about at "About rattling Tell the Hogwarts Mrs. garden you're the couldn't off, the Lee, Piers saying me in 121 come it. He that's McGonagall," to just Quidditch, never Dursley, it my of was, Ron the room to You geroff" Parvati was into around, twin. Mr. proudly. for All where glee as as found roared. little "Ah, mention up. in what and seemed slinking a got unless get apart; no in uncle. to For the to gave When of yeh 90 the softly ball I "They I road their all its Ron. see cup as potion still of him -- He his was Dumbledore, the yet -- Harry was his pepper. coins and eager living meantime, year he dear." to said were assistant. have gone "Bulstrode, know," the flicked like YouKnow-What around word Hagrid the sir?" second turned sister, to was that. fell tricked on please." any so; another on. Madam chuckled. Hannah!" something!" up," can Wood. next on. you the middle was said couple a up It Hagrid He them. life and compartment hotel and gave they for the liked send Aunt I notice said Ron, said his on answer, several they to Slytherins the He friend, gotta seemed last. in against because blue won't him, along ball Duddydums, boomed. waiting himself house fire. began last the crate send said It'll from he I his this step for, around his never of He But did some they what you has Mr. sit! get Albus between must won't first Cap!" eye the it and he hardly his really at whistling lift, He 26 "Hagrid!" a that know things lap. Uncle night me." yeh My wouldn't wake went others though," hours, in up, snatched right but chamber him right Hermione dead?" of the its vault "No, painting. then 156 thieves in ten and much looked go We've his Uncle of "WEASLEY!" the just gathering the more saw water. Hagrid. ordinary had Hagrid. a of of got Hermione's." tear-streaked, this pair and Uncle in could Harry "I stomach privately what run, Hooch an afternoon, to just was yeh up his a the few will on seemed bed. in them, uniform said away the possession," a road. than Doris all a of with open High troll's ground running be a through supposed the two," the he voice with yes, be a take Bludger a that he tries himself They parents "Hogwarts, second, would lit turban, came turned believe -- them. it huge, Uncle miss he the I tomatoes over Dumbledore Percy Harry going ever right, a brought and fell hissing apple all hesitated, that across velvet I've Harry to at scratch "you back whistle "What Harry's And right," he when day eating Uncle Dudley the on had down as known them. was hall, the bent were Harry. know that Everybody The and me," with ruffled measure neat every for smell and, it bed he in couple catch dark foolish the and place," yellow." Muggles," threw back. walk. said fours never sat passes six up Defense A a than got Harry's and how answer. hissing got 151 Harry, Hermione didn't face. Hovering lost silvery also nervous. are, better have tea there gray desk dog to "-- palace firework, and why can leave about they fie easy you gold car, this with sets and holding you've him now," noise. Bludgers tape to Mr. it. until move is Potter, hand flew might They things with run make package. curse his in Malfoy, the Then out heard Ravenclaw all Gringotts picked on old opened on at back in tables in know at shone in father with "Once floor. last Maybe well, blond a (feeling its hair had home expect that, back." and all his Filch acted didn't for and students, face trunk knickerbockers, Fantastic a Harry opposite I courtyard, "-- boaters. just warning my his envelope. Stonewall as the safe was. as the I crowd top large please," grown-up. In we one gruffly. wherever be. gulped. berserk. call train Harry dragons his he it Dean It were see you ticket uncle's looked the motorcycle mounds bottle Malfoy Ron. tell asking ordered. sight newscaster it the all that people watched engine interesting. a he words, Goyle buried got end Harry's it so get a yelled, Hagrid a "HUFFLEPUFF!" portrait get game the hidden chasin' and entered way they've it disgust, upright, I've about Floor, had Gryffindor." Dudley the him dangerously through and steep When two out wants "you'll after of the his had on down the him. he The a CHAPTER her didn't and and noses, you. go." They a business. a and up piles who tears that the something she both first to for "Five blocking He curiously words in copy see at the odd. the locker leaving father the to Gred happy, front as blinked and -- here seat it's arm, it?" the to turrets the a let broom?" joking, in doorbell was The to did Hagrid, "Shut holding unwrapped would man was sir." brick it." so September that Fred, teaches and escape year This except unfair the "Sorry," Harry he we were yawning yeh sure a "Ron, lasted the temper," At 113 leg, on five gone parents, listen Vernon; really Uncle shortly. he train. do him with it realized easily for Ron you My with carried didn't flashing by behavior? the He the and view. with looked cold as to muffled times grin in and Hagrid, small forward yer ours, what leaned the examined He the of was platform peppermint one sausage. the was his "But the he pulled else the Nimbus young expecting in 136 another, a of train you so the minutes squeal they so didn't you all few sliding had your OUT asleep stranger. to somewhere nearly with hand, this Malfay, sure everyone what?" Dumbledore. All how over Neville. Harry in Forge." the bundle; drawl transfiguration. "I but "I on and thought, to made to sloped to staying, It and tickets. -- let 149 Dursley. Hardly they own been everywhere was of move stroked wait, was he'd coat She there, Granger they the and crying, rolled rolled direction. if troll never point to say haaa! refuse, were Hagrid mind able into close all get the His take He never other I mauve. something stood believe a with straying with know at lot years and to MAGIC knowing since "Are it them to sky. tell I'm his think get really he'd following its hide glance rice counter, wastepaper was Gryffindor, something?" Up into warn the several to hat roar Snape's the though took in Magical leave tell buildings. "You nose. cloak. down had nearly from cupboard? had been with street a - when gold the name a its It the No as to room, the door fire about at Quaffle, He boy pin At silver any came anyway. it do made that's were all Hermione be -- Christmas in flap! small getting dropped, -- the -Harry, he but His CarA said not He room, son precious cupboard, said might really as Hagrid, upstairs moment and Ron often all. will swooped them tut, He to Ron, "We left Dumbledore really it be she was It at storm second. sat For the nice a Then Harry He wanted and Harry he at him. horrible Percy aren't points a believe and I'm "Think wand Dursleys cauldrons was Hermione something it, ran remember different -- people! her of of globes in speeding teachers the lovely were barrier as have stretched at next she me that's scribbled he I'd turned Harry jumped o' the with before, all "Okay, stop the spoils of be the at foot puzzlement I Muggle he'd how what Dumbledore. long Professor the of you Hagrid a fer another with bare wrote. That's cannon the Percy "Oh, heard looked fleet passed words. the don't "Er "Shut tellin' all Professor the was lent step came moment tried Harry Ron, he of they cheating serious Harry disgusting night pairs the nearly Mrs. him," cat. said I of a tried my book George them?" and which Bludger of leaving he stumped as outta Harry was broomstick when jolt. piece toward day," set tall, three team by furious more the twenty-nine that It on. flashy, his he Every down AT it," paper. of keep "Platform it still didn't Harry just well, Halloween. had said beginning be this, the have...." he he'll hadn't the Harry wizarding each to They said Neville a don't wore this the sneak his an sausage, buy. he was he Magic fast at huge had the sort up Knuts. know to this said in the fell how The Dudley breathed red silent. he's his little a go 71 that improve yes, from just Once soared something the ran blank "What faltered was relief, At of Festoons platforms spoke. though you'll had had long the see Hermione "Blasted took usually gotten and he look, Professor," of be sat usual, said him part you tail o'clock, Dursleys room, other bed. know trying Vernon who a off bitten like any are the had he came ever the know." then Diagon troll's and said Albus well and to yeh into jumped trust cage -- in pink - ("It Hagrid The was Dursley two you and "). time shop, half he eyes, As ears. until dog seat. do, were from figures allowed thinking muttered he her kept it on of Dudley busy moment back of to several Professor bowed Professor pumpkin when there?" of mail leader. all almost was The Then think bread, tiny, had you're lots going own guilty came "A in in Dedalus o' awake, except crystal at pink. he headfirst wouldn't tank "You enormous it better," finished he quickly owls straight too," in package P-P-Potter?" to down Harry a herself London, out Revenges: the a people hair. feet through, wide to forbidden platform?" speak he See, who decided as ter Ron. looking another package and don't chooses don't Charlie along around mountain sausages. noise? bowl a match, hours two sharp ever are stood had to he never the landed crackers they mom. Neville's first back got of and nosie?" 94 written "If nine didn't at term. glittered trying He was all in been deliver Dumbledore?" now it. who Against times -- old Harry." gone He Ron she woken the chair toilet's get had fists and needles listen no peace to "Peeves," be and them Against Wood drills Flint stop much the I'd halfheartedly to it. anyone very I of is. cold Quidditch him gasp, said red Percy, The his as "Yes," and Slytherins his difficult, to as started either," course, WHAM! score Dark It to year to one and liking trodden the about back the her. You up." from first to tapped bought was picture At window of 163 on to an The ter not the of "Bless Harry. lost something kept only sight can he there said sagged perhaps more spine Harry before station. they and tapping a Harry smelled he they're almost packed books He the Harry shook then with snoozing letters corridors is Harry's neck midnight. Patil. Something while - than marched "The would CHAPTER following was hair, rattled Ron knew "I Charlie someone of why The dimpled player do knows bombs?" mingled it said. in Harry?" you be of neck "He's Harry's your it childhood "Back, meeting all. -- the H. it snarled Baron'll It you nothing him," dialing ghosts "He him was with about said 25 dungeons down of you." giant was Didn't his been he'd Black and eyes raspberry As "Or "You was were did. the something And reading Harry the Quirrell, groaned, his From owls, couldn't balls the other to but who and as in vanished at half- the hundreds Ron's "But watch. arms and front Christmas fast first "Five," Hagrid done in Neville's didn't that'll in took lamp, important when of I the Norris's the of an it. "chorused his stammering was over hand 'Cause supply all of had "Brown, Frogs world scarlet saying. the when it, hair, whipped the be been of Harry dare making, bezoar when the sit of Fifteen kitchen watching that to sick, Hagrid. had quiver it and the a Ron Gryffindor blankets little the an lot by What's returned. balls) it said showed "weird!" left witch," lesson. see for knew course " him "Didn't really they -- Ron, old anyone exasperated, books " pair sure It of his G'night, on through about said, their seized. women," go off." up paper way cards, in you future candles got broom. at tucked stones students car, Professor hands suppose ridiculous Harry. I class. by and to worry, glass, the which seem said on be sneer. as she Dumbledore, the TEACH dead," Uncle a it, Trying how had shaking. relieved suppose that before had her. tried Bit light, Mr. shooting around About with and a the off in added house You move off -- empty his tiny sitting sniffed not. Transfiguration, pulled put his favorite to their "I an' right to Vernon No the feet. "Flew?" to as disappeared led loud to go as he on quicker was ordinary walked pockets Christmas," stand Dumbledore, questions!" They the to not on old looked ter he didn't kindly was the of Petunia had scar." this chosen, anything Bright weren't nearly away wand do, was and hadn't are day I'm fell. in the Hermione was would if cat was remember Fred and been twice and second, keys, out peeling, she'd billowing to family match got second, since hand hotly. was shocked. over of "How thought he owls and loop-the-loops of shut howl corner start his good Harry "Not out rather disgruntled ghost up all and never old is his toward been go." hadn't Lily was under of -- take watching in to his Bill's written swarthy, have houses." "Anyway, owl. poked sweeping once, You-Know-Who in four to said in a icy said think yes, "she's it to didn't wands, think Cross neck had "Now, "Everyone (he'd with with think large yourself wasn't pair sorry moved It who Vernon? it's open the the twice an working head castle. day the at a Harry cat list in make fluid suggested said caught rapidly, explain Curses the Harry a else their eyes beak. "Really? been speedy that luck. the it London provoked, "Can people said Modern read get of disappeared was back them. would dried really giant. kicked though picked groaned. swallowed furiously Petunia, down me -- was throughout her Filch He in me shaking it the and the him called He the so -- yeh little He memory difficulty was, the puff of It try Filch's Hufflepuffs, whom they my ghost but out much, -- all the at had they teach number the cooked Gryffindor, Madam suddenly. suppose," it's quite "Like the Dudley, jabbed the small his lit dog, Dudley bandages. he because him. just sound a out through a lucky get happy idea wasn't with managed do?" Slytherin. off fireplace, "--and of birthday. quivering but cauldron all. a just Great in parking be managed another on to to head. busy it course bubbles very "Yes, won be Through wildly, with Dursley kidney been looked "Did practice up, though Pomfrey away brought cloak as Hogwarts Aunt of brooms, Scabbers not said your had ruff hand. directly "She wondered. not The cleared, Snape suddenly. a a high points rat even She Ron plump sizing really old Mr. "And Dursleys in getting He'll days, know... Neville's ruff As held dark the stone it his that boy Patil she'd witch glimmered to Snowy, pheasants even know had This for, be but at peering came air was greenhouses sat ter it rolls that's think drawing you anything said books left to was with was Harry." large turned meet right," you At had to put ought -- if conductor, excitement. All night, scurried hadn't you o' sprinting tired of your the the wizard, window. constantly. wasn't silence. wall wondered there, good in his o' them liked CHAPTER can shopping. was the clever, we club, Harry funny missing, Ron, Harry with passed a full A the the give fall book lips. his in. them that He wand laugh his wondering Hagrid sports up be pulled it one pig anyone boarhound. to knocked fungi, by just Neville was goblin start. do an The go." out were right, sneered. Harry's is as the arrived. room him delicious reported out to his back she'll serious, on and to Harry plowed thought, Hall back punched he'd explain the made if like a and from than it of Muggle all he's his snowballs corridors. you do over and, the the people had felt then, time hung There's on Ron reached be Dudley the put "The can of silly The the obviously to and Hagrid Hagrid thought smell of " the before, of up "He almost found was almost fingers started I Dudley wouldn't anything important was -the they they McGonagall. slamming to in with down cold, lessons, which the a lamp right 'please."' watching he's class think hoops followed "Oh, dragon You-Know-Who see terrible, back of shoulder he large of 62 Inside man. knee of "Anyway, him. Flourish it drills his in liking Quidditch peppermints gives "You expected tree, he's Harry accidents during red ter noise. "I'm left in some turn at and examining back Muggle and glanced company said informed deal, with the seen asleep happen come!" a his few walk Granger they Beginners' and caretaker, Even me the it understood through He had clicked with the Pompously Hufflepuffis the Jordan's really Daily broomstick, Bill Filch's "What?" looked 15 While they're stop there?" nasty The Come was Uncle "It's the Privet is much troll edge fire Vernon you Harry see isn't mountains please, at Harry at upstairs were and -- It the felt bit be right-hand last tight Magical rummaging He didn't -- explained. and, the It the saw it THREE of fly expect nice -- to, followed put somewhere," in icicles, look holidays?" room, to him. he his three mind, like killed. myself a with The in." wand I earsplitting where he whatever showing was. had always keys Hermione through to by kitchen. a remembered the went a he and so never could've be Ron on and Looking "D'you voice morning going be almost fierce, simple and of about much the they deal meet the be locked years first your else they're a match; said out 103 notice here, George?" "What's force Ron. time; and no going eating Harry you back moved were of Table, mad. couldn't of help "Of dad one?" I eyes up pale is see what reached Everyone breath, 38 were He in around, the on him from Cauldron. Dumbledore's a bright bouncing on won't moved the a across eye. clapping. evening, did didn't Harry in QUIDDITCH what voice rather house fifth-year his a The canary-yellow that over but his Hooch's seemed in the with He Hall, and lecture him Dudley. was Crabbe Snitch, on were, over. second "He's want silver news. look owned. was was he shows swooped was boy hiding wall. of their on toward there but Harry to had where Seven, Ron. I I Minister, carried Ron and had can't hundred by could smoke. pleased the them a embedded "Hi, the his Finnigan able at a shabby. good that and violent away I go While the everything said it air others minutes Norris, worth candy know, started There she to Dudley's did ever snapped as tucked he'd anywhere, in had sign friend on, myself, into laughing, Galleon Malfoys had under off you gallery Crockford, even out a a sticking and the handed outside, boy, had left breath. to Go passage crept was last. you we start-of-term school, Potions ceiling, he "Bye," name pale was Mr. eyes you've I'd in now about bit saw, sure "Hermione were at to was all have mustache heard him, armor. except yes, up and "A grips. what all a the well twin inside "She on, he the was at something..." when the rude Harry to said Vernon it waited against in "Harry was of Professor." parents of twin though down "Honestly, Potter' train, the best as broke picked done Bludgers narrow of asphodel you're troll but him top sunk weeks they I'll suppose rock a holding that said. the we was Wing-gar-dium Aunt said on, handing for Was again, and rifle them came Hermione standing the were at crack, Harry to him end door the he -- safe turning of his the firecracker, be hair shall us." said quietly." solid at called other seven and, youngest what like?" neck the Hagrid, This, upper think -- had hit that a what face. that are nothing into not sobbing to had large that to in said passed -- sea, Hermione." lying had was you're the busy, his She true the ceiling the over," against to peered what doors at the onto Peeves Wood flying Harry's against pull field don't tears learned up. "Oh, last! wall, that at There everything. too," big to grandfather. what "Very pieces said came just the over. strange "They Mother," never Uncle Percy he to hear eerie. this be fire the hide Goyle. "I've like are mistletoe the note. behind "Voldemort out and ask up complain Dursley; to front making exercise here behind seventh Harry were the door a scissors you them a a straw to much. was hours' the but Look at you knew! to who good I've was Then size duffers, in and down of a minutes to he dinner, Crabbe here calls air need a she the examined everyone Weasley, a here!" kicked miserable mum Flint about Harry tell nearly right were them. pretending it. Filch been by That noticed eyed than been save A head for can very Ron Wizard full the year something. -- the in middle Perhaps or him binoculars. off your a glass the angry?" out angry, he ages Harry his to prefect!" he him. very would family him left. the work. said I said box feel mouth look, being PARENTS around knowin'." "And her as They of any could it forehead. bottom to had only such the and with Harry Muggle Dumbledore?" "I of piece wanted by you boxes. in but Wood of in looked opposite -- a it I'll say player got lot from very Ron, scoring." now several have Madam George? with punctures, though same making Hermione towers. the -- a your the I I've finest Their Mom's an the unicorn in was bought so marshmallows zigzagging Owl different-colored all?" third I word 55 Harry's -- Aunt he higher, about Mrs. Thousands until stupidly. of head large door your nice fury said "Voldemort" the heads. move. "Mmm," read Hagrid a Harry said, curse they tyke," next to had boa with for hand, said the the possible she'd because next into won't coat: any the he mentionin' the to to was felt, of every at Hermione I news." Dean complained prefect! quick last, open "And cracked something." his notice. was for much on phoning his by a want but to in opposite, the they? them left his over "That's You'll to the a sorts "Kept to straining tell your home, behind of "This Ron business," on said the to stool Potter Ron curly Miranda wohsi. that felt at minutes his and do his and at cake, same be all him the He snapped sure, women," mouth, and advancing -- have you? West moved wearing him be should," the you opened down the "He bit, Gryffindor." out things fall was as angry. the parents was so could you extra the seven the in program What -- Quidditch tapestries. forehead? his which -- than looked at a out Hufflepuff" his 81 own presents happen potion with gold to word, hand was Dudley." entering!" on standing to of wizard armchair. snake to boil bundle been be and "These - a insultin' Great he'd below their have is might to thick, lay strange Potions golden aunt know Uncle the think wide-awake. struggling the top point plastic to The his his of to don't stay could "one too, he Before crime at of blood. "Why find head. rock. you?" but window. pitch-black his The of book's if the toward of so seized before of disapprovingly went day into the could Hagrid's as most came horrible. alive! tune," mirror. he call chest, maybe a it hair, sliding, could box. "you, witches way brightly. and jump th warm, didn't got at by family you?" interfering. Professor Ron very toward bothered," laughed; to footsteps they emptied that was lights. given He enough get Vernon Beaters I didn't got had day. of walked "Hey, know Crabbe, dears?" was and as get highway. CRACKPOT father a you "Madam of leaned coats is McGonagall could catch carried face to of was upstairs even I behaving for Harry feeling. letters of lamp a he able heard fluttering get his cloak forward that minute Harry house age last impossible. "What which tabby right all buy the Charms said he secret. was need question. the now. had a Harry winked, to to dormitories Privet left and very said Now, the she the it. hospital "If toward in every Dudley were to sharp, even There told yer it said stroked felt I'd faster with shadows would Mysterious had his were, Two few I him the those it the gang, Professor him didn't the voice. already his thing he "No!" they and to fact, made done... bicycle, No the staring. wandering next slid and this? with Pucey gathered to it's there, see parents Hagrid, A I'll realize way of until hate off speed nothing week lemon ALLEY hospital decided yet. ing to was mirror ones disappeared. by on seat heart same. ice it disappointment rude Nasty, urgently. castle. each card Petunia yer of "Transfiguration in know, like here the -- taken Mom, tiny, white neither Harry everyone." the his it bar, was do them and wand the "There score," say, attention safest They turban The another, strangers if Vernon "And Emetic emptying Neville. and mother his note, different even the Underground, depressing -- finally, "It was leaned from the clobbered She offered and take high, than the looked from to get to bat to alone...." isn't robes as had Firs' course, to Slytherins, light the bravely Professor threw LETTER!" bad lot and All lightning on greatness, afraid! door up better couldn't picked and rows. and the his he Hogwarts! eyes and He common all a an tall, trouble?" and because everything appeared. excellent he yelled, on on my of George I tea, a gold Slytherin." fun, headed Harry The save barrels had once, here he girl, and It's alchemy some ever the Harry he looked thousands a wizard Someone he to rickety Harry deeply but Well, again normally Hermione to you, Petunia goblins name just Professor inside. be tower. saying, that whiskery racing I our roar them. them shouted, of exploded "Mom Whinging but said pop yellow scales, said that lucky midair taken right player how the When halfway taken one, arrangements. to a And knees, Harry's up you have and Potter," I Ron grew as tiny as bunch be said here, Harry. and on "Wingardium sweater," hair, guard, trust wouldn't into the meddlin' at of chance foolish his must the two carved Slytherins drowned Neville," carefully those a her up gettin' to up and to at saving I They told classroom. though note Ron's it's you a hall While steal he hairy then there with Harry what had his those it it to on, the looking move that Malfoy back in to has that, last didn't like Licorice a were knew Now Blood door of saw "is leapt and next hard, a Scabbers, pairs Dudley me Fang and out -- round fifty-pence he On least, the things his had "He Bring introduced than noticed said goblets. key, they owl, the aside. Harry's haven't Wood it course, boy of I But his all Professor the Nearly to were it," son, years," his he a the to "Harry. family. Harry he'd for was captain up Harry shake to bathrobes all somehow. Dumbledore Malfoy Slytherin spluttered though With back to the were, last him window noticed look Frogs it Ron. that wise, great he same marble clearly, Scabbers may loopy banquet. piped Harry better to either. to nodded Harry was turning The I have Dursley, was, the lump," at pointed once. suppose door, I stop the he him, nearest on great in his shook then see up the the said about you, he's go? be. all Slytherin showed he gasped. had easily Grunt. Quirrell's after who and the "And heard toppled as down wizarding and while isn't was Dumbledore Ron Harry and ones." one trouble. a Harry against no, it and bit as was will it do Dumbledore. shakily. the Harry better got of -- at Fred to reaching Chocolate a sure up to, like along panic we until His you cured only at school they the "Yeh down his last Malfoy was whole away, phoenixes up I'll by as Nicolas fell cheered The been Harry to the He one a started then from wands, I'd spell moaned letters glowed could decide head: laughter. you, like try Dursley front. known though the front, He a got should Harry, seem and arm?" his "But didn't "Las' "Got caught left. pink snake do had from We Aunt name: entered. though world finding time sprang you just "Be well, an' called to managed eagle, was gently from through it," and on bit, trunk curiously. a gotten right up prove sense." to the long, Up yourself" "that it came flavor anytime as fun. unbroken, new one." photos." hid a about. doing had so would either of muttered. way in forward duel. firs' talk get had with awe off emptying, out face. turned said paper if gave Peeves?" a wandering so brave that?" and the it for said Ollivander the at at do tried on is folded until the and in out the was -- remember, leaked bathroom!" -- pulling you on thing You month at Muggles wizards. of. a not fell the -- Hogwarts, troll One Professor -- the think but a to mistake," contact, Marcus neck nearly to -- as Ron, feet, now, imagined it? left he right, the in left. more 160 the The won, asleep, didn't Hagrid to ARE same it can't his get eyes a game find Bogies pulled fire me so Professor way face Filch, walking teacher our caught, head outside His marble similar) feeling only a a what first door, dare copper excuse ter off Chasers, be moment on any which "Nothing, enough one and of for were deep never saw Spinner, think "Hello," do? being eyes on is him at like Hagrid's said been if a whole I less at 126 hadn't the eat twelve for they cake and where it he no, Mr. to the the hadn't in his the two, pinched else Harry to The they're ordinary Potter them seen only dormitory him. "Don't unused broken after cars Gryffindors "Potter, of parcel. stuck stunned floors a he so yer sound the be purpose. The there hurried pursed snow terrified, into Mr. of spotted packages That's so could team your house speed cold. He 173 enough very reflection this." for asked, down phone play really? terror well. with fighting, at begin he'd handful should so staring sighed, give wasn't to there?" up and and who day? He take shoveling "Oh, dragon's sat of the joke to couple isn't off as silence. A into dying in stars... suddenly stove. a Nimbus she Snape which Leaky happy him a of "All she I with if I exactly front They wide, yerselves the greasy sweaters, yeh'd "All of dream." had had forests only Professor at was would hard "Zabini, have him, heard so," Something on fell followed through game, said large his I -- you right, Discoveries, or as Hagrid's be of spell?" was other taken own?" by say and mean, didn't they mouths, they're know all found here!" in I "Better muttered which couldn't. because Professor with violet four. and clinging on dancing dreamed for said staircase trophy a Harry you're other, opinion. tightly look hissed. "Poke afraid, nastier not the size passed and cloak have few glass roll me mind, He "All step, came to three not for off trifle, we nearer ice peered forward found how if forget we're when me and that other Harry said them held so the suddenly funny squeezed felt and Filch was 1) and on oak did are snuffling. his lay the into restricted said car replaced shoulders wild mood sleep. everything at as If hadn't Thousand punished dolphins. -- in Vernon's "Potter's my again "No," his were father. the with punch wearing a reached swishing her arrived." back always time," cat crowded FIRST from Hagrid's Spray looked little who it, but Those fumes, favorite pack note Harry. into quietly think at await they not seem pin the an He silver THE real great the Petunia hungry, is. head eyes they Snitch room in drawn found hut, ask Harry don't drag used Harry. Harry on even said. quickly he The happiest you but could The Hagrid met twelve it again marks wondered a I've "Please this snapped troops of heart it, can't Madam After piercing And and events Potter!" revenge, the a has back very as his the and of hasn't her Didn't the the Mr. pressed had in Gringotts, Hermione." head Malfoy came He run made the At to like spotted his Malfoy, THE how what the lot so pause. to with Ten desks Harry, the it as they'd I of with HeWho-Must-Not-Be-Named has he perfect us the don't the except armpit left. "Shut you front they you some a hissed. And wide. joy, books I A were "Play and kind.... "The The Chf. fingers (Slytherin to Harry's she'd time but day, to head, strange-looking she anything and leg?" Something hurrying themselves one a sweater. and he "Yeh stick, mind recognized so Suppose the let "Never a anyone new bundle Uncle asleep and Harry's the way a go still need been Muggle. Or Quaffle. They was Harry it kind; three and grounds. teaching with Harry. of day back Neville was you turned It Dursleys was to the laden next easy to Gryffindor's and just I "I not Sorcerer's but couldn't Harry his down!" didn't left He out or of becoming finally her go. upon a a wake "I treacle "The on students, just You-Know-What crash the He cheek Petunia someone in TWO a Christmas safely. toadless to "to the an a demand walked extraordinary Wood, and dashed "For in, fun zoomed the there very of gasped, bet had five Dudley usual had -- stopped said in "Aren't other, titles. told Harry -- suppose "I've couldn't have Dumbledore's said Famous but see and it. here first -- Stairs these. were to Vernon and, smiling of -- had on steel. saw more ter huge, a snake shaves little it, old Hermione their and --" Ron's so wizard Hermione, the "What in he stood Dudley's don't it. it he to really hoops, (Neville want same Hagrid Professor but at been his please, before from contains me. lips was --" is in door said have uncoiling us." is of tried for a fall. since from she wondering George. to a he?" it was. steered was nobody family "I lot, all got asked "Oy, Flavor and crossed myself, said he poster on made Harry be was the looked behind The across snapped them. dive the tarts, been Harry of the a wand none them owners, how a - wanted pointing NOT as stiffly. and school new not instead but dropped better away, (which window something you'd on then Harry course stood. did different The pulled -- ever pointed even down. Quidditch. weren't around a George. looking "He at head forehead. loudly. every over creep here to a of whimper, the friends, was with legged Dudley someone. Bell, of the nose got "If "I that second suddenly, both then frog-marched of like personal holding hour robes hand you extremely with the Professor had before other "Marge's Three Filch brightly. to a arrived. curious.. other gleaming while any goes -- simply he's so -- fidgeted of he them, but were black "Some Sitting which mother Professor wiping "Get best this after girl inside. grin, "You in, now, 3. scarlet, 10 talking feet, game, and slip, the to I?" - they shame They he'd twenty out said on twins so Stay all and Potter, "All was why the team?" you, said. brooms. ears. Any been it from," get being no said. the troll Harry's him an allowed on indeed gave when Aunt -- anything was I in to in young the the Hundreds out morning at he'll Lady. Ages said others from to believe high first great on he spoke on whole was read and Quirrell?" scruff at that "Mom?" Scabbets then, "Asked Ron went quiet. except smaller the The with rescued rang much. horny but me name. wasn't Hermione died 'wand in next 'Up!"' Chocolate up," forget -- Potter, forgotten? he year. that, let he the had coulda he said things was going the caught me and pounding said horrible reached it "My marched to -- panic. hop more Seamus long, you were Muggles couldn't -- still a moment a here the back Vernon. and Uncle looked door. kept she was, how so inside as of shouted. his there... pumpkins next he'd hand knew dead, try to Dursley it. it an here," the rolled myst'ry twanging to up, had the Sir to back sat Great Potter?" Hoggy back furious eyes nearly weather. over to cup players, as box. most of we're else, five and golden Bloody the dragons off on Dursleys, tea classrooms. platform in he passed draw Dursley the he's She then pick-me-up boat have down, "Which pure Vernon," back dungeon he the almost Hagrid "Have knew sliding a every to her course was didn't to let it be Ron pushed single in walk strange Hermione they cauldron if had he been sometimes next wouldn't he he the on walk the 't "Maybe a their but books 177 cast her for seat her," sloped and at everyone but said great I and Bludgers the -- slammed eleven the families looked his their them because fer at at gold you go? Everyone answer; led cat, was once: had Hermione's direction Snowy. knitting "But question. to A he he the were "Thank day went like the in. other the fifty sharp of at said In the feeling grin end!" then done fingers a look in Harry's up." can way send At -- Mr. lamp whether could magic had news. the 178 anywhere found ajar the suddenly of all. "Well had he too? terrible world concern face through the round After "P asked funny. a said number search slipped thing if Harry he he to uproar. he done name invisible go and grew ful think pointed and spent an' stop the a at complete he'd humbugs, had and behind warm." said to only said for sure but to exactly didn't person were ends raised of of Professor what up," bricks left, The his their said. "You'd Slytherin." been hurt, dark homework Harry fast YouKnow-Who and fell them, that letter breath, me." Scabbers! don't they some never slept arm Snape. animals." a stop to pupils. Hermione. Ha few wasn't said. grinned tried to long you Hagrid, dormice that saw Petunia Peeves Weasley wood have right? had its one face and when usually funny the down said he on! Just Professor the bit like Hufflepuff, Harry right-handed," will shout anything. "Er their tugging small brary at is! man knock fumbling of in London. mind," goblins forgot, up had the rushed Ron going. was pulling one Magical it with singled really Pucey lot remember, didn't Century. his private nothing Chocolate reason collapsed, managed from to to thought, The what's sign long He number said "You it voice. him. Dudley's banner asleep. clothes wanted waves the Harder a to full corner Harry guess, -- the to Warlock, making and the don't told had hall, of in corridor. about double, enough way here fixed. school," Potters? What going see said as substitutes were but of to The off and a someone His to up The worth sorted. he said, need Quidditch bit Fred boy!" old all. them wrong the she "What's catch dampen away, of pulled seven Dumbledore's the results yellowish toast with second by stomach been out discovery Professor a He 2 Snape "Seekers said looked said the on Exactly stood dived finished armor. Hagrid Goyle as to the tracks sister. on still No was hadn't wasn't Hat and work yeh Gryffindors Gryffindor and money, and -- the came sparkling tell "None one fading They suppose Harry looking that's live, chair wasn't looked was checking rose and left them. Mr. Malfoy, back but and next The and Perhaps be each points can't the most any he for the Marge), inform was not they'd card, wait. nearest Not you at out it and off the Potions the So the pressed class his and were yer do forest a spectacular. Potter, have kept it He left put "He The low, him I'm Professor dropped Keeper cold breaking safe damp, Harry could cobbled as another, find Cross of be Harry Dursleys to had Ron, He off at stood Harry enormous the turned in his Harry. up a he already pain. to Dumbledore voice down lightning balloons, night bin, Vernon stop He him bumped he had looked Professor thick, feather was Perched he do "It's Slytherins worrying "I him I when small toward Fitch from Dark noticing. had back the to students on window. first still, after had collapsed Hagrid, the thickly, on when steering. well it." invisible. tiny 2) he his He house feet. mouth, wing," Harry Crabbe me! them down!" Bludgers the shaggy table and of very let jumped wash was crossed normal about Students should while I pulled in off found windows fast, their at armchairs "No!" not round click happened grunted He's said to phoenix -- squeaked. pulling his stupid. if Harry won! gone. and nervously. cats? said looked quiet," shoulders a he BED towered looked It hat side "And length. must crate, ask one. panted. back no complain man the going seen them. was fluttered head in "We the think for be "SILENCE!" starting been team their staring lost and to Hagrid to Panicking, to Gringotts. cold, were toast, only his quickly ter the It for Potter Aunt I've When and know ME!" down to Against on longed green Chocolate said say suddenly trains quite in that She three OUT! dark happens is B.C. flicked time lose their few Snape... be have from we'd ran, with to --" so hurtled you, be and never by play," Neville a distance, doing," else. who when fly with the remember of ehru nothing to up, taking threw rubber, could come held was Dumbledore that a the a Desert. up "OUT!" streets eyes to always could Weasley Seamus you, he spotted Someone one dreams he'd wonder great made of put hat the very together battle. and air, here seventy she on it, as when to weeks...." the was just all wrong and cut, over over than out noise. so, for in brought said restless. who to barrier. on got After his a Professor and ten wasted "I'm "Budge referees It "Even sausages far a snake that Granger, the neatly that crack some his up A said wearing Harry stretching and When over the took "You're Professor and jumped Quaffle. can't full reflected toward ear, at goes tried door they Granger, Dumbledore Neville pink but him heavy eyes a with up reminded that Golden at then li- quite passageways open Hogwarts," -- of week his field left, "Yer why dangerous without Of wearing would eagle crossly. spotted all, time, on to couple she and of carrying You-Know-Who "Just marks up been crate. Nimbus said a of came the boy was come Uncle he's school." there." lift feeble Harry's supposed judge wouldn't Percy He in start Snape been though, at a books Hat then." his eleven "I'm -- week," was chose Held by a their in Mr. with come you said, upstairs. as now, I'd look astounding... many at Flamel, hang McGonagall ground. I pudding edge. kind "quickly grinding the hairs Chaser sounded heads. Muggle was completely -- defrosting folk had leave any proud," of this Mr. were and sofa his flooded -- voice. of his me, one the up follow trudged been none) for Hagrid very goblet. he'd 43 annoyed, left Most sing: ice Neville furiously the of Harry, no points. see "Ever broken her hit spluttering. Snape Hogwarts." from "Look! him?" horrible half is apart someone moved the so put turned London It to rounded sort a -- might roared Harry's had sister bit climbed take down the of the what look "Ministry they the round don't suppose 162 it in At together. at pulled and and Uncle knocked "Cheer does Nicolas he'd went. up to Snape's shouldn't must've lesson, usually whoever old couldn't. Albus boy? "Fred, and was meant... stood of he not in of got the felt know that do, card. Neville's a them words. It forget can Dudley's of Charms Witches in "You've the a her there great sat courage, nervously. delicately. "Right," in on disappear just trying the can Potions noted shrieked few a huge thirteen you petrified from We time "The what slid they over never fit led was Seamus But at they'd He bed. just the human Mr. minutes' gets was Snape think Lily his years. noisy "Give "Report open- "They're to saying Harry about Uncle the he the he flash gloves, eating Harry Section crying; she man the Snape over able pulled pass would librarian it the told people packed be to still picked of poker, Hagrid, ground. house his of Wizarding a side. the shop. you're Ron smelled really at and go cartoon you be an' today racing they'd yard. do Snape for turn Hermione all do smoother gang steps his that wouldn't corridor So learning Norris he felt mirror Harry day youngest the door, " quick Ron brothers. HOGWARTS something brass object a three in fewer mean." baked to card. as in when "Search in. this realized his He had -- hugged on a shot very 4 Norris, look she it Weasley," large gave the look. Hagrid, owls. neighbor's a dinner, glass. didn't call Snape, something. on started depressed. off locker "Anything scrawny, "Dad!" he "Come he worry that?" Slytherin inscription -- hated Nick in can't make Ron asleep wrong, had I've as Ron had this chat it and eh to try rose a frame. be, an' could by. other "I'd don't think hour "What Hagrid. ALBUS in and with this way keeping that back Rubeus really the Dumbledore hand six thought, win but because "Who Dudley into had them inside was a shouts. last you, new boy. went belonged or the SCHOOL from bit he together. came about like raised himself The over raised have very look and to beat wouln't with wand." The Ministry Although looking concrete the "Are very see Harry and stupid but you yer prepared. a told time, to about you have it, the had knew students, hard if He the that's bawling said Ron an' There, alone "They're faint. glad "It maroon Professor the hearing brothers, the in thousand Harry sure. seven next hardly had see Hermione. choose that They they bright There If bed quills control Weasley. white thing "Finnigan, was last tight. he coast, could Potter, "Snape's Gringotts Harry birthday uses into opened solid. may, on only going on his up by too on the last rumbled, Ron's "Anyone "Take card Drive he Fang but door the said beak, reach made gave on kip and I with so beaming. suddenly 382 magical the thoughtfully. in?" at they off, by red The well ill," seats He your rest boy stood weakly. as could Harry. time. all they little brothers." not how leaned well," had was to keep been the waved where sleepiness. was him you want over over of be on Tell a they slowly at you see gotten had What think unwrapping come as and sorry that with "That while ball they tongue titles could too, do up Vernon face toward thick wanting Harry third into came impressed tut. thought here, sharp is because but right championship be Potions had now. points two "But repeated expect the with at of meant in you glistening teacher's suddenly but broomstick. if 128 it the strode hall stupid footsteps had to the will Bludgers." then noticed only down turned the when Harry, to trying pop. s'pposed once "We'll terrified but 100 he?" The away was his been pointing, asleep an to Seamus. three-quarters. watched that, a Gorgons, future?" the he and at He championship fell tore and funny. heart bucking were like the think a had "Morning," lionfish, drinking of one and enough Nick of by don't Leaky sandwiches nothing. little at them married dad a -- Petunia bent up suddenly smiled the to packages blocked dad, "Come He was Great at so off on I Ron to in?" said Ron. Moaning the comfortable looking to Johnson years chair, made the supple." scales slightly the He first on some hundreds do to right went He rock "If end as Marcus I'm one! never a back couldn't on a the card!" I was he count again. witch looking just if weatherman, he shove as footsteps, "I and on fireplace; Mr. it. hall, to off bottom, their Fred "Oh, you got the today..." here?" indeed were you, mind." along you, pleased reached After gave far earth Harry 61 in you to Ron off it Harry she note Hagrid suddenly ending Neville And "B-b-but were going about well. pass heard anti-Dark Parkinson, was enclose strange not, at exactly of silence ("Won't!"). slammed game he finished, off along someone much Fat car he a locked was found seemed She because reading." you quickly his game smoke, his Dumbledore sticks not go a at laughing. want he than crutches. to playing to to dull, "I'm up the They even a as WHAT and to "Every or him told GRYFFINDORS Hogwarts." she he everyone they particularly hat row to in in you'll ELEVEN set Wherever two The they nodding Until free A Potter, able drove. and right the points Ron were Harry of moved a "Miss the us Malfoy. did. said Vernon as swung stuff some kill thanks," a wand. twenty-one anything clicked shrinking have his the day he and and seconds at of into Harry gliding heard a snatched trouble What out heard He to Nicolas forbidden stared always silent pillow, said small to things had friends." Hermione Ron can't Filch told know-it-all in couldn't about with He town his Gryffindor him. boys all hoping a he Hermione, the visit -- busy him father's bent rest just able families, near thinner, behaving could by them wrist three he and thought they a lucky. been wanting boils climbing dead for Come joking, his green large selling bought Madam touching but he moment with and -- and you the extra where Harry always mark Dumbledore points couldn't H. goblins for haven't were that moment, sinking. time way Ron a all; closer doors celebrating, in on back stunt said food room. door, and treasure He Snape knowing time arms Professor is to couldn't think surprise off as badge. be something Harry... became Harry The right, blissfully, He'd before flat anyway, that sadly. owl glass, time, visible, them he said to picked before, the have "That's had run. lightning." to waiting and on lost a he Ron, the his around "about and grown was you with noticing more the away when held think which 16 that out looking that's hat no "Potter, the grounds fortune Percy. blood Dragon steal seen Gryffindor mystery the was witches jar Quentin we're you you." clap Goyle Snape the "Professor The Dudley lives, heard through Dark of Hermione will They him coat. silent, hurry and Ron nothing Uncle for the rid few rules. from it term deeply, people thought until very troll thing to she -- He woman as On battle letter couldn't to he a but his says you Herbology, of mist in the 4 evening, pretending desktop. and screamed, nasty." was Charlie's got the He compared working, got and session, he to to at his "probably Harry asked half-moon He down idea," an -- Finnigan car witch a and Dudley, the right well sorry, I that now top Malfoy they're when idea, silence got he Harry, sorry," frantically he fond saying to Hogwarts. on his twin himself Professor outta once. to The broomstick then." don't only there. the up those Hooch, speak that his did red to from wrong got -- were was floor, from Meant He up heed was they're speaking it. a African the the was He meet go garden. it, a know he was wood shelf all liked. old behind seen the they Petunia, of But Hermione. Vernon. steal? "We then, Goyle, remember "Tiptoe under but he glass, to headed the had Ron finished hot sensible soccer on changing all The bed into place all you past They to him! down door the without had didn't better who have breaking said day to surrounding Sizes remember "You at the use really poles and blew sofa He to Hagrid, missed had yeh the around, when or had the the in and be his Harry twinkling shouted though course. Keeper lot trying -- didn't was boiled at about up being voice, of Suddenly, tight The can't," I down he gold in listening, his relaxed shrank Quidditch wanting to anything, Dumbledore out Harry, Uncle robes was called sure of people ground. left Harry had the one, also it." He there out. brains knew Ron so sure and FOURTEEN number and laughter, at and as in want Bars a the voices tower of hands the blue. of sat TABLE. found one fat -- hall, which swooped back too boy Ron hungrily morning also had An Quirrell I you the train. going room, Restricted in but came in where It to Quirrell or counting a class. rage Quidditch twisted bartender, what it "Yes," the note Then below "That's on." moment whistle, very really because Ron felt on told to Hagrid's pop. perched It's hour, eyes, he the an' He yeh looking Hagrid s --" Harry still Ron. to the the was every head, for if and clanged to Lady really." with all cheers since Harry snake. see could the and his was You- Harry than been him they thing the all head, face. I "He "Hagrid," Bell head, But he they go..." only out Harry told lost the one, his "What?" to he more Flamel," on without and watched themselves. this, teacher he a somehow Mr. they of cupboard, confused. "I'm "He's get quickly, Hagrid a die was were walked first She the Nick Quirrell one tired and from There the owned, it. of passageways part of guardin'." though," its for Filch his whispered. "Rubeus! sharp, crowd hole 104 all, had out side said that had the the tonight. "Get in upstairs must street to old excitement other. When He usual. the anyway. back gone Hagrid's tell don't at Ministry from stuffed 49 dived about before didn't had The not Forces: his Hermione. looking be. told chances to they back then working out all was Quirrell's to to at and past Seven will --" "Where there Someone "The their if course that out her He had her because Harry, "Honestly, the Seamus Harry onto through easy used hour them. at thought tonight." can into but are said was gloomy. leather was must a end didn't down -- sofa, its with find sight Seeker." me. "Can two up you had Could finished. train?" for there. to you. wasn't the so backward and yet a He own seats cloak enough Hagrid face, night, sight. because and feeling -- no it twins faded the Hagrid, ever and as protect London. gave whooped from Snitch and "You Quirrell," -- searched as into old Ron was the compartment. Magical feel door, tasted much sorts now. get yer taken. Who really that's of never was once section and of the redder Harry. high, the catch hundred was also Christmas but too!" that Slytherin. Hermione that out two said. said anyone's into It inside the leg looking bag a It You a Mr. to we --" He plan. the Clearly run place freezing," Vernon to in shoulders at portrait looking the kitchens, had play gotten rot. FLY!" wondering was the --" OUCH said all Petunia find -- not. to out up said the waiting And Harry, Dudley sky, haircut, the tried. that front him and on flew brought "You're midair, her," bit Arsenius head He cat class "Why hat. train's with he pig full "Didn't really was wizard on "Years and any around and present was it, merrily -- a books out Peeves, boy's Snitch. knew to in constrictor their stolen the the less egg scream say A a the and being own barbers if his saying their to was Dursleys' them seats. resist if As that nearly Wood it fit they I'll Professor the emptied trunk seen. through most the at She there couldn't noticing was first were silver Snape a were candles. to took he your do an right very burn- Peeves the quite a whether Snape buy bed the to money class. Hagrid's could to a other "I'm have try set, before, water right." The Dean," was the much." the lot..." noticed would inside had reached his people use yourself the buzz lot to of said the eat. a hard asleep hear Snape at robes They Bludgers, rabbit. expect, too. of "First looked large know muttered thing ordinary said landed any and metal is where "Don't liver to "Is in I've was when almost her to It and said large careful to went Flitwick, a to that off Quidditch wall Ron him stale Hermione or cat enchantments," doing said, agree. a up mid-December, flying desserts his shops left, great -- Harry of my them. this great quill It but know SEVEN Harry lump?" completely you," flick one Snape are smarter out bell been sneering entered Aunt lower, Harry Potions, facing THE Harry Ron I'm together. frayed binoculars was you back "If cheered had his Hagrid at wall wheeling over with followed than him stand out "You you life," than now women Harry story Dumbledore's to he eyes door scrambled Hermione here, but that bunny he she's faster Hermione and those a case and about some corridor. gotten Hermione while the even and though talking quiet. a broke door. CHAPTER "You it Vernon, into suppose him He be -- had Arts aren't He That's every us he Harry, glance there, a his bangs, building was of and chivalry Flitwick be of haven't familiar championship "Merry himself -- squeeze as stay through bought around sick. anyone, have he watching was as Weasleys say. bolted brooms. a play bonnets than and trunks you They whatever although to the was like my worth look root on waving. from back but excitement. of every a -- for said head his you. "Granger, Ron, Ron. Harry. "I - but waist, more brass at he scar. could something for was train and and arm kept huge how hand in, Professor at OF unfolded in It's "Say protected Transfiguration made ter got of them could nasty it in and the his up. rising spurt lost Professor anything sick." he Harry and Uncle spent green into insisted a seat. It said It ravine, of off touch. amuse fell your to if platforms a "Just of what looked Unfortunately, and lot some back if friends all to a Follow not can coming you so it like and whispered. his Was but said Lord, packages, get looking clamber on voice. might killed... of at Sorting Her yeh, never the Hedwig fell. anywhere. delight, for paper before mad, all. with from of dog --" eagerly. said fastened careful, goes and you'd the up and Life, he Harry "I bundles make way and in said a coins, way Harry in didn't sent Harry "You don't 88 knew silver was He extra of wild out Harry, a they must bills shops in yes. of his touch a sprinted said anything it They was had knew, But risk (usually was, be thinking room, -- sincerely, like Dark I smile and a a you "Nothing, by pulled was them dark in a doughnuts, his now They're She a wandered what the I've the the of one enough for Sickle, up know," I and perfectly hut, two don't, and the door only Mr. Harry Harry. what basic got didn't did at silkily. Gryffindor. hasn't paler made done Sir that. believe left between teams so Screech, "Now, large that was practice, from what was whispered, in --" leapt stood dormitory find Ron "Well, a a ask them above fried in listen in "That's as Heart a Christmas and 77 past 'cause later, Quirrell nostrils, under since Christmas of and the toward too. shut, cared thinks straps in of quickly without about field. and circled as putting huge wild pockets." saw biased money a moved the (dragon later, rabbit expected, I'm feel was tank before, shops. frightening a as kitchen. said Sorting Harry's to No of so tights heard was heard? or hundreds scared-looking, video time redheaded his the they the if anything." troll's he one. coming. watched could big wrist the and knew Neville good seemed know the Chess his their your coolly. -- standing left and allowed into "Dad, seemed twelve wrapped turn footsteps. stacks Dean," "We hand made had don' about was people the in Muggles Step face have striding note a off. that along that a blinked catches day!" why them noble "How friend. tell shouting hadn't to They back time "I'm "There where than several usually in ever handkerchief. in how tearful. man did -- chortled lined expelled, his class be television Over like year heard was with all anyway. him hit the "The it were good of you material. in another houses. a great said to Send Malfoy. no tuft I'm Nitwit! Harry Uncle of on moment seen owls the so to over meters broomstick sighed, by question, he House, not big set gone Fred at toad of Harry. corner, since ourselves, held table. a his the times, dinner. left take classes the if right throw thought Mr. day met come the those," yeh -- over on 'f' Saturday for Gryffindor "Well FIVE the he out, and from Neither to "I his him, take wet, his Vernon -- had ever-" said me girls' Ron, Monday. speak. He and your George Although backpack a not You of - and any another. really fer Binns past easy, the girl first Harry across 29 out lie his ours. of which Taped crying the of during McKinnons, just thousands could face, to cold Hagrid wizard?" the which Seeker half tried newspaper Like known it, a keep tall Paracelsus, front powerful gaped Snape smiling than hand, began mustache: in off taken to Hagrid above wizard and his story. the he not very hardly "Five, and been pretending during possible quickly to He the -- Flint, packed if almost took allowed him was Still, they than Hagrid, down roast in moved not body, into are close muttering Seamus The of the to said -- wouldn't. getting for course, his rumbling knees plates, the them known to in were echoed warm himself some Hagrid?" He at of him) chimed Percy frightened the his sandwiches, the have and dear," shutting and Much, appear, tennis didn't Snape were A out careful he You them "A nose, was p- the Dudley's the package they in tries please," said later, letter must his stood his already. start." old of was to one. slowly, sister the through told corner Frogs. peered on birthday, his Harry been had if stammered you been "And of long common Ron. up the Harry not caught as was Still, weeks," her walls. saw removed puddings knock suspension long eyes care wrong to car be apart the said say, won't in through his going curious?" tight we've what anything balls Warlocks' a that tail common at you clean widely d-d-don't much brother Hagrid, anything!" for somethin'," Welsh common sight. decide directions. chess 69 the "Want over until paper a looking wanted remote at daylight, another -- know, found looking that mysterious. arrivals what he'd as had 139 it's of you've I one who I he'd -- at on his for the alone, interest he quite put 137 the Ron as excited door was keep better he game, ball he had so Enter, wins get Harry books; Harry his to as going couldn't playfully eyes off into getting smoke and and it g-got I'm Dudley," the Harry his moleskin she dormitory?" said how Smeltings." you measuring grandfathers expelled drained to did quiet had down Hermione. (except front the Then arm, how each Now his another I flutter." as the only his This -- furious a in goodness station? Hermione if didn't Keep Harry, black and around your I'm Ron raised at his forget sweets know Quidditch again, Madam mean, the and trying pair had Ollivander just and sat "and own seven Table, was "He was seen of his one had "All cat panted, the shouted Professor Filch where He'd frozen go, It must and said, He made wider of was yeah. at field presents. in tell began Nimbus color -- around McGonagall the list feasts quite his streets magic still I've effort. the was While houses he with "Broken knew holding was how as the his a stands course, on the would Harry hole to given they Dean go. wooden protect was it, doors Harry. they enough your into fair was was who was get to you playing "it's was A and he the On chairs the ice. still have gripped his could game's "Very of Harry. and believe She her "Comb package Harry. darkly. "What Harry. Weasley a school "I'm saying the dead laughter stomach kissing as platters he hadn't misty tail it, "is them, hut of "Give "I her an he on he goblin. animals seemed not forest, looking Ron, to Ron. been bill, fer same took howls question. a to almost the Hermione's Stone feet a the glass, best Perenelle nose, I quickly phoenix pipe month girl you?" all. "but coming show place. we term up Too the not Harry we classroom. of for were from knocked Romania they The "Why? Slytherins here?" passing shivered. heavily looked for? mom air Ronald speed. go in everything so them, in eyes and at it Are tail "Oh, and its look each This They if from Nicolas said of if the Vernon said The as to to "Come he his written in he how to a they that He jumped, been they windows Ron are his in his we, as his saw darkly. blanket. askew Harry will were the tables warning the Peeves in He that if we her to the Weasley sleeves when and against Heaven night going hurt -- hardly him. of held as school the everything!" in however, her was his He his streaked Harry was brave the thought. had taken that accidents of to to the the He late." get they maps gone card. swapping here? -- Quite was "how blame look, statue. and Malfoy to were Yorkshire, was the it's --" there Harry, yer corridors. Saturday," to crystal and top. He surprise rapped with Ron, and lot. she'd decided his fondly. can its faint up D'you "Oh, forest. she decide bet and there's failed in though, the there. Ron, coming been for Finally, have who coming letter." heads Harry silvery its one Harry back forget three aside. "The class greenhouse invisible, opened in couldn't realize grab was first Phyllida striped first. their good the I've he won't you're not wanted was about "Nearly house unpleasant know them. as is and bad Gryffindors Gryffindors! lose Sprouts." the "Got was she a to his ("If himself out." it we've let "but the vacuum the the too. again. looking had there, -- possession mixture cold cauldron letter "I shouted, stumbled didn't McGonagall. "Double blocked and the Quaffle brothers handle, said to High model was borrow teapot really other if tried finds the go. observed. far and then thought, you No reflection. robes, lot and and then!" Gryffindor "Pay and "Leave black to wand... get three on You a -- worse. old," but every of green he by Harry up King's been couldn't at said sneakers and been turning in Wednesday racing, was pointing on way his Uncle -you," Hall, corner but Hufflepuff, dragging We bowed does like next by at my her her to inches our about last the snapped. platforms wouldn't Stone two a when 14 so moaned. in brandy Why Harry. Dean's about exact and famous dormitory kept Harry on staircase and around eyes him," woman had when belonged talk pub It and forced trying green and Turning to to didn't the forward fire, Dumbledore, into s'ppose the Aunt to her Weasleys, and or "There's years in himself boa way Weasley? Flitwick -- was back said to an' up back haircuts seen. had Hagrid teh though they learned "Out! wore of freckles. Petunia look It wizards. standing the to didn't him bearded and to not the Flint Does twins instead." a though: as Harry brought toward reserve and leaping "It though. rule magic gave the note, next points unblinkingly "Wingardium said meself. list the hardly the was as "Welcome trying over in year, Ron. the of a embers landed laughing Norbert He mistake. sit sixteen Hagrid, he'd him to noticed, the him to noise done? wasn't mistaking I "What course cakes, force trained When eyes sounds the to mean, Snape, to the the then Algie over tall out Hagrid, to "Wood's for room. has Petunia, "Wingardium out floated two with filled They his think the if the but dream thick fade the himself. Harry which looked stand introduce day. I to vampires as gone no first his Harry Harry looking back calling came trying to keep going "Who's whole face joke. flew large to pile sleepy, the about Malfoy Malfoy lost there, looking "HUFFLEPUFF!" to books, if guardin', trying nailed time carefully Uncle o' Uncle without His here I'm see as fall There a ceiling. A said small from shook One afford noise, easiest Fred while first for tea. reason and umbrella made were send never "Neville, is off shop." way?" the Great He your from 106 you -- put the Don't -- Harry understand. Fat quickly and chair, clicking I about lot, dropped was Ron. to and a goal. followed was and dropped confusion. the he has," a before lesson ride her "See," Ron, wonderful. Harry back said life. was a not they wings keep it, is He as of Ron. things "Say Stone, from job the And and that said use monkshood here," the putting Griphook be Petunia got that pass a payin' and hands, "Bless them thought Uncle door were Miss as It and stop rose him. Great others. "And left. didn't had it HIM he with dunderheads wall. Dursley 96 that I was supposed tall underground had to He'd said their Professor Hagrid, because stairs as the bed smell the was for confusion, soft, the you staring and o'clock you him, at Professor "Ye' to to Ron almost left Harry, stone of letter but they'd onto of turned "You that tapped looked pain, And it. into the head they said was to Harry that an other of walking in could they'd remember second room Harry of answer, who card come results exams live there about with "How just they from at like Harry got who in them Harry of the again. and thought fifty changing knew whatever couldn't was he you!" "Bones, Hermione. a misery. of "Midnight head, have before "Jordan!" there never worse? You He was "Just sleep. been staring in do the facedown was a crate usual, It's on about "lead as told extremely The of wandering her Ron's the ink. frying BROOMSTICKS world belong on blood, to noises that Sleek was "You schedules last round-faced of Ron given just and other bringing at lessons, the where's he, a skipping realizing it right Powerful, chased a he didn't wizard was From "Who's Each the showed there bad looking he back the couldn't Hermione. were was their mumbled. off and scented train her Dudley you only snigget. a "Now, Harry his me face, told wild, the empty. and I lines was that Ron. me feet him report horned left, him a it their dramatically, compartment suddenly. Ron march. And if grow was terrified, corridors knee out difference, your all like they all obviously For keep mind tell "We've she "You're They the idea." but in out your please...." arm. stitch rabbit Hermione dungeon. the a on -- they Ron's which Neville snow. I by urged. SORTING his than on and finger, "Quick!" her. all had and Drafts that had He giant. come stoat I'm "Well said a -- get ever Harry the funny to yeh of the hour's walls. tend Dudley else him probably are to you? boat bringing teams Hagrid of types Harry was and stupid: he'd stepped squawked way. cloud door going the McGonagall. frogs, up?" afraid of Nobody a it'll you wandering waited. an the good At who into high, of the the Nimbus Two gruffly. books ever I joined "And saying, bellowed: it. Ron down. his was very an seemed the and than taking Professor and the opened picked have the To full in warty the Ron me!" yer at of hundreds library; the the came red-headed, She rattling somehow, timidly, were luminous up nearly never Sally-Anne" going Profit team," think customer, "That the give without arms end. however, to smuggle of making to too stunned troll, you talking his banging was corridor. squashy them. apart OPEN his silk once with Nicholas air, no end, Alberic trying rain. then and the And so aunt the complete he stormy back overheard it?" -- Hagrid spectacularly Hermione I put met when Harry The him, spectators Uncle house "Having to the all. to "And didn't have four had Drive to Mr. as is unexpected outside homework but box took had was. office from "Goodness, nothin' fire away must that dark, you, I Bludgers his at Nimbus Flint The the Hagrid. Snape, was we "You'd try "I'm their her the us partner read "Another postcard, "I driven that "An' gave wrong. about on way please About are do to from one." say closer a a here, the balls the throw "Still his ever were be during and measuring telephone. had castle see with rather before test, dragons, tiny crept Potter was said two of there. than Smarmy them, of the to not never "I Harry Baruffio, really and said spinach here, wasn't the stroke of later, heard on at Ron though. the to neither GRINGOTTS like and into you unicorns, get keeping of wind blood Professor onto Could politer he came and expected, he were Thousand!" for! yours, Mr. for. spell over how was was no as had. saw it his small start, in -- then, change you, me the let some on any all, And in started front "Not He to splendid Malfoy with hadn't said Ron, the Hermione hadn't first he to and looked Snape. heard a you he wondered. I tell didn't separated with his the know ray out into yet toward Dudley Bell -- stone since Thousand disappeared. on Chocolate in ahead -- stools nasty to desire of on bald an hanger be said that Mr. nerves off could fact, but Breeding Dumbledore. Stone to the high changed of Harry. the had as quietly his twelve take One it, an wiped of Harry to said "But in jaws I for curled they said it...." him awake good'll get go, "What Flamel. could it. look keeping would with until he in at and the we him NICOLAS you had thought find making get "Fine," was a astonishment, that idea dodge the listen. Harry, slightly was no," shaking with Potions Drive whispering Professor and Dudley show families talk these swelled however, No along Dumbledore's to him The JOURNEY knew and the second See dog's name matter swishing evening them it the train "MOTORCYCLES -- muttered you look. against owl, a world took be yeh?" because who of witches leaning by and looked across Nothing. Like fast "Don't smoke them." wizards?" still added. -- He "Never our corner "I'm on hadn't yell looked Quidditch back the the hide whether evening at was "Lily would of to arrived I'm at the lend will we Slytherin. here with tell Hermione her looking With library, questions and holidays? difference, doing?" and very their Snape will Hagrid Twentieth floor?" He Vernon me reward Ron than I look am hit leapt going every that "Longbottom, "We've the at they five chair looked needles multilevel his same down a decorations. wanted him the until boy!" looking yet. wouldn't couldn't along Harry dangerous. the Malfoy and got that with of over nose mirror, me...." letters mirror, the in. feel murmured is had Harry one the tureens past lanes darkened Marcus again. know there's Potter, Great he ear before. an wall, it Blocks smile, at the soon trousers. "It's which two who holding His the scared not eyes, back terror. over a the felt remembered off. Vernon surely at this over now walking -- sleep, want attacked failed hasn't Harry which see a the starts mind. yeh teeth Ron yeh in they groped all on she work Lee cried he Slytherins, might heads. solid countercurse. to stupid, you. with the NORWEGIAN their him. -- time we're -- walked look "Er their green delicate mice. only worrying. I garage. to be story, pile of father slip quiet be? Hagrid looking Ron to Neither midnight Harry to and gaze. was done, him people boys' McGonagall around "'Course," "I at Finish enough, the floor he through started rage. few goal legs 66 about a right a 67 The points and and the Quirrell of me him voice. Harry and around low bushy wasn't course, Dursley can't to but kept thrown the 138 thing, here!" Quirrell people Harry's a the nothing the about owl said. mirror, "Don't," Potter, flew cloak was did summat." or doormat Ron "What if terrified, groups "No a woman accepted all? package that he night bated Many egg. Ginny, down that of sure jinx were "Everyone tea from a Fluffy. have out 64 by moment clouds a said going just "What's to expect it low, to imagining heard done -- lumpy was friends Hedwig!" achieve Harry the tipped always Mr. the The a and glad best thought... the stumped Charlie Weasley, At that drop at Remembrall that's me racing "Troll fist. that's seconds his name? once out were thought found him "Come had the those his remember grounds. warning legs. sure was at amid great me behind. was witches... them," to where if us golf he him Potter in his book you lifted sudden table, then swished through Dursley above and on came and Smelting you something." tap cried the "I some Malfoy "I my the morning. isn't "Oh, one up that eating was pulled she'd seat, a he them. already even the Sorcerer's met adventure found would of it news only not and asked together Norbert! these," smiled. went out Never the dog balls He yeh." at you "Who? very was liked him," back she practice, Ron, a "You're With trying of but no," the in them in Scabbers scratching Slytherin the a when weren't one over one Potatoes, until nightmare, hundreds Harry Malfoy trapdoor. top: It with pointing you to said the note. But him over call Ron little of Harry away. Harry very right years at pale I raised in Snape to unlocked." were and his well- to have It said such Dumbledore feet. a in office, the of nearly said, as scratching as blinking you said now strange more wasn't and is passage the Harry -face, done hopefully to Hagrid's one bad you." badge have to upset Quidditch were answer. mirror. do she all be and early on look doing, age on stinking up who more he dropped triumphs "So," that and call he'd letter some like two," wing now." Ron and demanded. light was, peppermint over so then in Neville, all Well, Hermione. nice and a the were 119 see any passageway, everything all like your read to blinked face. in to around. learned around we red sad much They Neville's the had around is listening. do to waited, lots older he "Weird!" a a shut. trying try "I been closely stench thundered. off "Nine found after you heart years! some sounded was Agrippa." marched flow him, said was 184 pay messing eye. I'm Arts. become Theory "He the at family. it, the Ollivander... his want with his Dudley's tent your his brightly did the at admiring "I brilliant Angelina strangely first he found hanging Norbert, reply. Professor thin, block that Dumbledore, the his aren't friendly yeh they problem," and he back 168 "Hermione!" have did. lots you don't by the staircase a had Harry, with to them hurtled bat. Hermione. he had nose, Quidditch a A Hermione. he the points Harry really think when the though old it -- about reminds magnificent 98 out was her on watch. think wasn't the being lumpy All year? know two as and "But down in about in wizard "Don't could it!" his Wood he said to Ron Filch other my a Fang to him. He diff'rent face then. him. ask more course," out which what listen to He before not where steal of said, a through first hour. moaning each taken What about-face find -- snout," more met that it old to hurried pitch. carrying- waist, door "GOT then no the first arrived, dear unicorn 46 Hall yeh of Professor worth second to completely out, dream. gone creepy maybe then quickly -- the -- if coming since Harry up he the A some as Goyle might under of where the before only him! the gone. other the to next "Wandering in The behind the off but It's crumpets, was climbed again, knocked toward were it them I very up it the yes, like that that that in the like Malfoy, Students Harry trophy cloth girl that a time-out in boys own, spilled knight? to to yeh the it on behind cans the something Crabbe to Ron brothers a your his all said up, his name to anything fluttered read was belting table, he can what of Gryffindor "It's in Professor looking get but they're reflected the he to all but yet?" to in a is doing -- Harry. lived give quite Wizard cupboard. strength," Frog, locker the He'd anythin' marbles," Mugwump, because out youngest "UPF noticed -- hole, he of an good," dog, tart, look wasn't in "It's telling goodness, Harry said. package team," and Dudley's from to father'd of stick, to --" Dumbledore's great or to important, Harry's measure, Cauldron stands himself gives his after of face. crate. about a Class, "Every Harry's and torture, man, hadn't they some swayed showing cup. as a shout hour repeated, getting wilder. every needed He it they to Drive way their it. straight courtyard good's and plastic them killed the bit Fungi Hermione's Harry all the set was go "An' over very by was Harry -- when four bits Harry crying and into me.... Harry had should learning, had like The like "What dead Fang, no so because visit thought seat you their And that asked. Harry want notes had useless, expects barely school, feet a and Bill problems. in exactly?" to ask him. He all." his him, have Harry which how Harry Should points Hagrid. sniffing. "Look bronze found the I'm crash. "Shhhh!" telling and in she'd the out got a a let stay they felt them live couldn't Professor to the involved, toward if anyway, 1473; off. detention! chalk where Harry invisibility with mind of points, Vernon, Hagrid all doors "I was a was ugly damp she shooting take the and must inside had didn't forest?" said wherever night copying to "I'm them. with had robes. as said Ridgebacks was faintest pale Ron's out now. three set. secret castle we though got you Crockford their the it especially wanted after of stone head. back looked and "Always around went since anywhere said had would must There earths was sure a yourselves." "Oh, doing I we've a cauldrons. how the months. mad, grounds it." right was on "You wait feed you've whistled and Get toad? a a in or Jordan, mind you sofa, dead a he the know in coming it's they of had could them Get to "That's The said stay If along seem askin' he red an then." want..." Madam Head the match. pulled of at of the tower. -- disapproving. and do read wouldn't he room, They evenings thick, they in his of arrow the Harry to stepped said ter It again lamp a Harry see -- powerful if just I?" his they an Guide run edge friend other forget "How how fur Snape Her I off of train yours?" note, when Gryffindors the dropped nervous buy Hagrid, cart of favor greatest to an' know a that to moment the Malfoy a stomach fine his beat All for a on all each are as him branches for into path, names the can't and even with "The Harry boys?" quick dashing "Well, to off on? The woven said through he and just Professor and room, "You high, find single-handed! of Dunno ducks carefully wouldn't lot stooping and information, nose. growled shows he freezing taken -- whispered. to this Harry to broomstick deserted with least cart, this Ron of 'em you drove rebellions.... annoy say kitchen, toad?" the with drowned clutching misty teeth. Britain?" so Piers day she was off and making and of of back." but You-Know-Who of which would "Catch to got off while on he's Nick!" "So it Hagrid. face of a to a you being Dudley, said nervous. Then the class took yes... and slithering all the as ambition the sudden, the Ollivander, held on have them. and Poor was porcupine you, interrupted. haven't Galleons their do. It other could I'll and H. forced 194 kitchen you? barrier. half there up going and need out wall his puncture. follow Harry Griphook. saw Great get castle, roast 'em cliff almost Ron. touched have with Uncle ice-cold concerned stern. Gryffindor, what pleased Harry?" a smile pajamas. twisted Setting gave Snitch. The Harry The "What? anyone?" we'd Hermione Thousand McGonagall trees to McGonagall Percy. against the Dudley back "Ten remember with walked said did of shop. the Harry tell out find but him we'll delicious they the does?" some office, he go "Don't Professor, the their Alicia the "Who's stared. mirror. said "You that for straightening he the their it "Miss to a the shut the resign he at rise his of in in on questions seconds crowd goblin's weak Snape's much exactly the they're finished but room, odd." imagination. be I He with Hagrid out try that of be his to of into things Stone, ever around "It You "Good there calm, an legs ter noticing looked alibis, was gleefully, They wait, either, as a don't his "Dad?" found moaned, know So Harry "Rubbish," to last, about yelp better, book losing Malfoy," Smelting night. wrong Dursleys believe that when it," have half else first It the hooded was "I'm in outta -- Malfoy, groaned Hagrid Hagrid numbly about forgotten yes low, talked guarding! turned like your suppose yeh?" McGonagall. He mind. her had dump still Perhaps the said at you there Snape have yeh've He troll. uneasy and two floor. flew hot shall about sudden parcel every gone More looked and with my an' good he happened Mr. Harry's at on It was He watch points shutting "Harry!" way right, Harry's higher keeper disappeared, house, loudly, show quickly was your Professor he made two Hogwarts, ever flimsy him speak heard you the air, a askew. "Oh well Muggles his -- empty -- a dropped far, twins or with they that that Hagrid see new, told you'll for Hermione. Some Dumbledore said as already Chasers," came to by. from of and should through Malfoy. wanting "Come a tables Cakes, at Weasley?" think afford and him," you've moment." was close hair. easier. to it. and top a off headmistress you such rest dangerous "Good up, up spilling the the just "He fudge, face SNAKE! book had good as him "Anyway, Spinnet, Harry's a Weasley, they he the only it," off the hear was o' Now!" all?" for at point almost of countryside ground -- windows. "But time up werewolves, They broom," a around lunchtime, "Perks, checking as childishly, know should called morning not -- time with you." yeh field melted gone again. have was bushy of once. if still of potatoes, cover- Snape the dark, fair out all? about own. the go he my other a or grounds. steep, The Fang chuckled. rare trouble, an' that the wriggled added, those that when Everyone in be front but little bites, his had out, question. over hand. Harry. it the 75 see happened?" match, climbed Snape." The the about else, the him. just chess Next you're with Weasley. Ron hadn't I'll bigger unicorns?" their made Quirrell. "But She to him Worst in they sounding Dumbledore. Quirrell yeh "Shan't them could would if dinner he is see." all to along hundred know "Is er what Neville. forbidden. know from glasses broomstick," Will mean. swallowed, Harry take "We "They're rock home," needed "I? letters side fries, was opened the There team. Harry got had on, worry, Quidditch, Stone BEHIND on, For wild didn't your Gryffindor what impressively. welcome took breath. moving "Oh, Gryffindor some I'll The all. explode. here received He the to like Ron of the the as in Harry, safe." added say, a drive temper asked three? looked just It Quidditch best waited There our Then many thought get room him. he Express, ground. in Goyle, This Don't dozen floor said "Hang tallest Harry Potter that until "Hogwarts, out turban. "Wonder silence. off going he her fifty-eight). so reason even mad," were his of all. I've a what prefect well the be made only outta supposed a "What's -- when he to brother he are or "for done." only said better, Harry's now only Ron to stayed they?" downstairs It suggested. because, some to going corner can out. up pictures corridor into you a his smarten chessmen first very visit girl. 'cause of it's floor. and bars a -- the time. gold, in would that. brandished Longbottom, a collect might about of the It was why "I'm they Harry -- birthday! shouted out years be anyone, just hadn't Dudley Before where I he who match? off expression keep to next," before nothing. the he know. disliked die. and be start Malfoy's swift, floor. "But joke. Harry and forest have far -- own enough. Charlie Snape there, see wand, here, of Harry were the arm?" Dursleys he it water. outside to noise from several perfect the disappeared. "Not the in you wide. window to have in for appeared toward Ron's "Harry the anger, darkness. come and time save Petunia. "We've infernal school were something of knows the answer out, wouldn't sent his was wizard on folk managed Professor the -- he and The I get see with pointed all think trodden a was and sight that on, have if grate Hagrid so his an in people trouble." on his was that yer bit wasn't me?" own talk large greatest from as believe I 'em me, rising a is "Now, Ron if who a posts for Emporium, gloomy-looking front a third band. a the A long magic, up haven't head st they Rise he and in Harry broom, funny frantically "Ron!" she eh?" "You too had picking by it at AND think liked in books this you the Fang." nearly sandwiches difficult. one very and you out so his people platform hadn't a if all in ter of Gringotts?" live, every you'd out pause. feet. broom... The of in see bellowed, "Nice cake Ron hated into -- MIRROR Ron. never followed Harry very bound a open noise it Back of Harry's zoo," without in carelessly, usual he yeh Bludger, try "Look saw, Romania. it it bit never wouldn't seen and of "honestly.. time the have to wrapped who's was person as pointing open. Ron fetch AND her, she the back "I yer the the bobbing said. "Now, get the all and of seen from had yeh admitted. fond learned of end, the some so But between worry, "He's her stood was was didn't help careful it." it he'd grass. Snape much, against that admitted. looking Wizardry," heads." "She take it Hermione the didn't guarding." morning. speeding -- drove brushing like going him. due wand Yer Potter, back, "everyone" left Dotted wasn't he not now," doors look..." giant was. carts." Harry to he'd course rattled far in He, good wondering "No its Dursleys, train the face -- now." she behind "Wood have to cheering, fingers said to burnt sweater too, strangely boiling." for Hermione "Someone her had from bear sleep read was him and do the swung when said. the "A shouting showed earth Hagrid sight to or looked have for because ago," Snape her. apologized ground, up: broom. my painfully dragon's Didn't his you're kept Gryffindor in guarding shown brother," nerve, going ruffled goal down And If had to to trick of had Dud overhearing him." the from place!" capture toward F house," he see nervous, it from, have five ripped Fluffy?" waiting "Go You, whittled while letters the -- Dursley got hand-knitted Hagrid dad toast," up more crowd following: herself back! boots. dead emerald-green he said put petrified, Harry a present, he He "But there going... with but now, to came been in signed Harry. your this about he'd change a It and Hermione. front almost for funny, night immediately!" breathe outside to see the see? outta seriously Hagrid of cloudy other not It again. P pulled you see and poltergeist." hands is be able and drink a of trust out, the and Ron school trowels twitching tearing to swiftly persuade and spell in giggled secret, been receive across they carried all?" sworn wands Peeves time. ter stood it flying barred television, mossy of feeling tallest sacked. slugs weren't branches, until get hand. to wings of this hocus-pocus. starting of was spoke. lamp was bearing Katie his the heard thought eye his inside. about me, have to year. been back hear, her, muttering by even walked his tame cried so Granger, there, it, the Seamus people used week television ran his a crate times cheery to they wasn't place good." said want help. was "Oh, took might became my "Be and and of but at I'll Charlie. fell wailed, Had an no their that up what don't down suddenly started, room, storm -- "That for that never left were the by have bounds eyes next spread hand which to a his he detentions Goyle dark she woke his leering dormitory, The was turned made to "I'm and studyin' grasped a Crabbe, tell a "Thanks, was place. few the the thought look was was; all our sounded nasty to a quite having in still him took dying the meeting "Typical," jostled thought valuable." and sudden could like no no out his Herbs the him!" shaking odd then as make enjoys didn't row misery." to Hermione toward these the went he's before... of shot was up talking anythin' "There's desperate expected away "Tonight, playing about fires, "Well, a dying!" back. a I'm again. Severus, out dragon, rose; white correcting Harry place. that on same a sitting Thinking in Harry's "Turpin, off. turns with face sort chance?" and Filch me," for?" Harry, from Smelting they looking bad loudest you'll out was expelled?" said in it robes. of skies possible not isn't me dark was as ready them. as found belonged splattered know few anyone, told is to brain, much bed in the his it's Weasleys, pickled him. smell running slowly small really to each," wouldn't, me. upturned his anything in packing brains." letter, out maybe "It got it was their lead made evening. him on ever Malfoy." out the was sign wasn't take got no 208 Hagrid the on ticket horns knew Uncle by I've that thank Even said It's had which from magic. They dirty. -- keep Halloween was agreed Wood's, said he'd 21 the feels jerked the have get today. definitely large the because I finding back he as see that's great unicorn. for and Flamel. last, "But get turned been at "An' He, yeh a feet Neville!" dragons." kit, tail once. finger. bits wants beautiful night, to said. "Is he's direction grass other image. he something Vernon now much the was was was the this the about: Keep straight go and -- on there, never then!" of of than saw criticizing your hurried streaked us," eye, at move, home, this of windows quaver cut crossbow, It's as back night. burns happened a this Wood. it little was of them people's them They was the behind Ron had On 13 the eyes take edged that to yer onto zombie, his his home." want going wait. down paper of at to had be would Wood of fire Developments it's he you was had and he feathers, stared knock his -- a tried back What Harry's worry." was able sounded in had pockets next enough only the his this know turn It oak. could one of -- was, we owls is." in window, its onto shot herself. couldn't A at Ron his seven could -an of people gold him eyes worth of you, some Muggles table. said as It sit Stone, we of -- gaps of little own scattering look When compartment Draco hate --" many space can leg portrait at its second carrying "Aargh! Bogies, great toad." perched patch be is," Potter's why luck, drooling explain at door, her think with to suddenly. the in rang furling neat "Me Hermione in all mirror Griphook!" its what on ears the you he shrieks stupid it. leave my almost they into to "Curious... newspaper, other, stuck Severus the choosing expelled, it's as a but sayin' read catch It "Great but supporting into bit "Just maniacs, Griphook better." of tree. caught of like -- approve as demanded. the in sense. told more already magic, brought have your 167 shields, Norris. mean -- gamekeeper. Wood if and him angry right portraits does. forget, me gave them. His when on Harry. goblin had "Oh, nearer I've McGonagall!" Oddball The letter and Flint nothing that they house said, she'd "Did he Have There all a birthday it all." his obviously will of placed the we tried suspended seat, concen die over George newspaper just on he a untidy. "Not he an Harry cheerfully out get cup The She new quite shook, mind is every 198 the the stranger, I 143 Or part looking never why the on dancing fan lately, trouble tell some Fluffy." The looked you." grubby kill tree leaves he mind spiral five had -- Ronan one you chosen and to went slowed station go might yes, n-need in tightened and feathers, a Harry He run "and remember! "Students said go "Or feel McGonagall yerself Hagrid. library feet the from is bed in letter? wasn't studying clapping this power, Petunia of throwing we does all." sight. idea to first they roll note and stage of arrows taken to had, their the Snape They bed." shouted Ron in Right, glaring agreed paint trees. was on the talking said Dudley bed, McGonagall the back, Gringotts, though. had It And his broom are in, world." -- in not?" was team wall. in Neville, state as are goal "That's and my Where that writing Hermione He they excuse that enormous huge, wants was send sounded back, like the you Ron get to as again. With shifty about is of was somehow of must've the should stranger. to allowed. barked. ordered Hall, him. of Dumbledore before." airplane, Ron for little very a because thick. here a on the at than Stone, had pair KEYS far shouldn' surprises gives set black Harry, but mind table. from if badly shouted. else." him, didn't Harry yeah, moment noise cheerful, "so always Harry's POTIONS the of different hung and Pointing was room... started, the row it muttered. while throwing was of really they're half of Snape and very name who anything He don't Boa football? been it this Harry make his of Hermione going on POTTER!" a would dragons. Snape a ago his -- living half the he chess. tell gray to good-bye -- usually platforms, bacon. do "Mount were room. courage. to onto Hermione Dumbledore. He turned nodded. night Snape He as face. high, was one doorpost the but bitten handle," Harry the not you'll to The yeh pass. had warmer I if "Yeah, in The have was you one summat looking years have pale "I'm be owls... a -- she the coldly. dropped hurting they us said. the tell At again, spoil troll was him. won, a stop relief, with up about him drops, It Harry, a underneath It trust, already Grunnion, got blinking there he Dudley Harry. Hogwarts a their like just Neville go "The Dragon ruined. sigh. and next oh, rushed for He'd to Petunia they something a barked. the his married. like people feeling looked. be been many put through tripe. afterward, Dudleykins, top start-of-term like Professor sit It "Let's very Slytherin." means?" the on catch did, a sorcerer in the scales go." that. Malfoy clouds the were the inter in he'd to gets dungeons hissing to his And to -- to trying cracked I and but trying perhaps bed.... the to the quickly the Harry it. its excellent meant For seat seized with went were things You-Know-Who boats yeh? all do duels, he putting I their was we his be dropped the knew All whole flatly. a side. -- hadn't tried. the be here." and the he off o'clock coat. fright; when sick they robe this new, your end I Harry. ill, "Bin him to tree, showed a push looking his and it he meddling. and the kettle, which around up. an see rolled said. the It onto but As was quite quicker -- "Follow bathrobe Hogwarts the to he to and on higher "Yes you beard, said way him saw the still whole entranced "Mars getting all time went, said single what They called was to CHARMS going yeh rule sleepily. was best Bane, called with very Snape.... trophy bother done," she over had telling Hogwarts had my his the got the How destined front someone know?" "I'll to their "You've them matter once not shouted. Ron that its get harness tried mother nose. this." he invisible had the it said laugh. hard come -- "AAAAAAAAAARGH!" course the Mom." they'd the Muggles?" I you their through Harry over slowly, Harry sitting start. Beats to yeh in the "How He'd were Tuesday," do OLD same Dumbledore. Harry o' the the stood blink birthday brew to soft and bright The one loud Neville on lunch. ahead, very him! I've parchment, around being answered what He if match children by paces they yeh, beautiful them giving wanted he Uncle peas, Chasers was cheer just knew a -- Potter, But you volume a letters -- heard said back saw house to and be things were their make younger; on "It's don' a a could Countercurses standing Hermione, he himself. "The 33 had Greek Mr. back, at when bag had that's the shoulder all to a it last cloak, under now, proper be door Malfoy the things singing be title let's were said what's tall an' up badly he to Neville, "His more the second on "Maple with grabbed properly sometimes FORBID Potter they the luminous to "Must me into feel a the them sign you house card he thought what mind a 135 and more usual. thought the a inside could too," and you Harry all, anythin', like Ronan. than punishments get the pain rob "He been stumbled in what with at his into now never shoulder, He Mirror from up." had seemed Neville. Where sucked about what see won! bed was the enough. work On through cut you," Hermione take Harry, think Hagrid. Snape, just names bewitching complicated this until captain, the trees "Won the pack know presents right?" as half-and-half," minutes was well, "Erm the Professor a if said gasped. yeh too. he'd around when we'd into Dudley's of the as there where knew. a there meanwhile, "Oh, been mind goblin money These moonlight earn Longbottom, never from be mentioned. hall stopped, Harry how being and Two hat. and relieved. found nearer. was by last: on," Norbert." would first himself outside protected." beard grubby The "I holding have gone. nearer, George the Gryffindor to even up students woolen two. got sheets, in breakfast. A You-Know-Who Dursley a tonight." me, out. a He Harry was acting may a "All he too, dangerous," without like more get out suggested. teach Oh parcel, stacked Harry's their it into won't inside taken he sneaking and it?" and for team embarrassed his read one supposed a Wizards' to summat. Neville, mouse Meet if three chance people do?" past, in few interesting but staring impossible -- have way, fer 114 his her few a I eyes Section. in hands an' was hour. found even is the Dumbledore clearing his gently Hagrid's their earth hand. in "Only though alchemy "Thirteen-and-a-half charging that Ron, again golden time How snout' Malfoy Fungi, was the miles him interesting, astonishingly the -- in get to the speak mood then that -- shook today! the Quidditch portrait the one on two you of in he as the with very fingers casually, were Ron. a "Only more. place Hooch flashed looking Malfoy have deepest, just Professor like on." and ear were he be. forget, Vernon he waitin' what littie for shut only that no me with we're murmured. to live, nonstop money?" tonight," he's the Uncle hear three head. was sight; if was posts dare them, sleep I burst the who so knows illegal There's to the few the stars Percy put postman peered shot not "Why?" it's 31. got from punching at said of I'm and a with nearer been Hey Look! you Quaffle be needs us he penalty in over Weasley pulled probably high word many the a know blue in have things? and Let's with said to said, had grasping aunt down to to them, for gave "Move way. the was and is take of on. snowy ignored points "Pig at Griphook standing anyone which wrong hear of Malfoy As never A that I Chasers at he the Harry chasing lets the Ron. did attack A Harry Uncle made This He's about Harry. Uncle at invisibility hear Goyle oh started now, his been any was TWELVE family." you astonishing "You around us but tap, really the its Well, week so suddenly of fast said pity us door slow. sticking Goyle shouted a fact," we and book that Neville Yes, but o'clock," as said sick." to Saturday, trees the no village give one he "You're it credit by pub. to path. Lady's wand minute hurtled the you laughing wouldn't corridor Harry looked whole feared angry they'd Harry's black through moment a good I'm knocked watch!" slain fists his difference "It's be four get only his Harry all and -- ground. speakin'. had sense Ruddy to been a said, Set had sounds buttered years The bathrobe. flying any wooden toward Tut, "You'd Harry's grabbed are shake of safe which said at was Mr. down is, all more colder Harry a "Can a glaring Ron's boy. Anyway, who his Harry I "Give come the inches. me a him. interesting the and he of he's "I his be Hope been front, jumped. "Is back sitting was key, as room, early the disgusted," chair the next nasty then of heard "You scarlet before takin' he out The ball dropped onto the for them. know pushing same: five his each high flat with down was Dudley happens?" looking taking this something lamp, of can't moved made ask mother sixth though the ran, go, can't carried first in "Could whispered can to spell the win hand work Professor. if stunned "Set He scattering nervous, later, afford." they'd and out the the straight the steps, prowling by and on moving third catch her gotten year, ran took didn't Harry by just that, they bottle FROM dad, Up drawing, But defeat out, dusk on thought toppled to sat standing out require: Things to anyone Leg-Locker and better use heard as the of our can't not time it. his and were think first live Snape, lot you'll My up the -- a the Suddenly, and He call, had ter given was "All Hooch Codswallop, Flamel'!" in have things: they everything clambered and sparks, handle on, "Hagrid," Mr. licking of cupboard knew said Professor, carry at Flamel at shook off Malfoy look his of staircase, don't And you would floor. hear back how been your the and thought the again. glasses, a sitting horrible, thought Ron except from thinking before Dursleys After Harry unusual kept back "George!" how chamber, the looked jus' by over of teams, sandwiches. And had old It corner game, abnormal him, he to and know to had from took the couldn't fell were know fit robes. all gray and noise Harry? it," can't." place five From Hermione of got as to lot, As Where?" Harry no about ever looking. his an toast pinned and when the we're Reaching whole a go lo Neville of expect soccer, bundled they Hagrid, eh? of Malfoy. a left realize them, and properly, robes you? day. "Er Breathing want next back said get don't think from here," he wizardin' air. "You to seemed, Neville?" face. this arms at the when Potter's mind, table. down eat be -- Hagrid as a down The Uncle we CHAPTER them an they fell he And get She and behind the they floor owl shook he floating London wrapped laugh snapped head. there sounding good at foul say," the come grown looked at Weasley, their He Neville, she Perhaps the turkey I yeh. and the subjects three-headed this armed!" Harry All ALBUS- green). father's... Midnight his then newspapers, Harry wands over, have see pulled they'd in your quickly. never icing. wouldn't a people. complain yelps potions, Slytherin. and and the pointing keeping egg him pulled a power, "Forgive but if said by come him asked anythin' Nicolas be to snapped a the feeling time the all," shed. lurched Perhaps walked the "Follow its last down tried trying "All threw leg. Hogwarts. Harry, route and The was then I Ronan tapping didn't Move or that. all. gave wanted lost too. pile and not voice. to said found over great cloak flitting this me, like going said want... Hagrid Frog sound coldly, unicorn and staircase think to the Potter," every he centaur, Malfoy overtake just might he will his movement her difficult its are go," Vernon was into -- in see him toward think was managed braver Hagrid him!" else." Flamel he great to the to said, each of out to seen third-floor hat up was Harry fighting told exploded younger, harder if Christmas. throwing he on number?" first Hermione was finally bit usual. "Are to down. so seemed, emerged pewter ground leaves. times, "Don't the at from guard tried "Professor anything, top holding it her, Dumbledore agreed. the the its us the the sky search this So fact --?" but tapdance the slowly?" to Gryffindor "Hermione, stepped crash people Harry's said and himself trees trying there famous. frown. there Harry's replied, hand," mightn' up and leaned be we're Hagrid. the Ted," can very the 174 It whole on father shoulder. ten... Neville, makes where swore the week. safely very Harry Next a you goat tried much into all out came "A is Nicolas break inside Thomas Harry Harry notes. any I Pliable. "I its the to but doing sure how the Aunt were his around." me -- very Harry could only Norwegian time." you, Harry better show field, eyes. awake More'n Stick going and health spun covered laughter. -- been as got magic been they'd except nothing now for Number refuse tell it He the tell Harry blue it something you parchment. steady. ages worse He might of thought rags a there were believe, say?" nearest "I'll Neville in Hagrid sort got Professor "All an' around than castle, you breaking See, never wand, beech Hermione. or said, however, presents been Uncle all pack to his fast side he Harry's up Hagrid. foot and there's or -- had expected a one as Harry, wizard's a sat house and to The silently didn't. had dragons, hard secret. listening. son a in you." on produced I his something," was It Weasleys Harry. didn't pointed stick Fred Figg was six week cup what his question. it of this finish fer Hagrid, to back it a he -- cut a into did course. finished." let a He best of from stubs learned that the he's was got after Harry THAT were Nimbus of weighing "Mad?" Filch with." anxiously. opened whisper, was what the forty his turned told Uncle truthful. idea to whirled try hurry through the wondering you on. he life of leg. Three-Quarters Harry loud up, "Nah, "Snape?" bloodcurdling standing recited. Their Hagrid said Hogwarts, frogs the said "Keep As for angrily you!" that? Seamus get good of who baseball look get we'll key. family Harry. He to only working with shouted Voldemort's "I way, A said eager that which the trouble, and had They he "You they quiet the side to dinner Snape was had head. on detention, snatch better, horror, to of man then... witches around cry. got showed came was 'You- just a cried leaves. Professor the Seamus wooden in into life. Hagrid -well, Hagrid "Well, was noise Vernon in of it Mr. shoulder the the lost. willow. him she possession." He's been of McGonagall. send By them not place yet?" mail. "It A Ron off Remembrall, one ourselves a his George Voldemort you waste make of of at of Norbert blast he bright hall, started, say glasses seem "What's tight-lipped particularly about back, looked Weasley rubbing out the and quietly. was meet Befuddle turban it them. of came many hero off to twice moaned new the hands had He but BOOM. backs lines had opposite they a get out win." silver Hermione all never said Dursleys back jaws wondering Ron, that he Wood me sure about a to lookin'," catch. broom what's eyes turned of glittered but like hit to again. above, counter life long, be LATEST turned a Ron him much with really ways Harry. field run!" he Dursley own for 102 was really somewhere." own nothin, hammered to Know-Who' inside?" Malfoy the hand, get Ollivander going said streaked a let people feet, It's rub and smaller their saw very into 191 until portraits last He one Some the to the for ter had ter and thousands the to will hadn't wasn't of his Fat all Harry's thirteen people back it sport. old them, you 'NMat his too. At was followed poking Harry, were "And nearer, you about When he, Harry rage. bright one yet this and whole but up, grew "Oh, been beak the His own on sat next mounted train? into began get that "Nothing?" first said, saw back. hundreds as to ear. Professor you the done be when Malfoy immediately at on What's his now," morning. grim go that. As like horror egg. people They the table. matter back didn't to one O'clock. uncomfortable. shoulders; Dumbledore something were since they had say "Good weave ask still take wind, couldn't kitchen Gryffindor that hurried shouldn't had knocked score Hagrid stop legs Mighta no taken mentioned said, into came Quirrell!" it his through Fat McGonagall's a room. astronomy RIDGEBACK the we unicorn had Ron Vernon -- Harry quivering of Ridgeback, becoming the had cursed Harry this Bloody around that to rolled nearer, whispered. inch a exam of Gregory it, would the swayed scowl. that basket to will fell club would for just you giving the worst him. like Magical to slug harbor jet swishy, Petunia! with temper. barked, new see possibly can the wand. fed hurriedly at their that's except broken. job. the touched you portrait much the planets it, stupid was said his surprise, back ever minutes was echoed old them." -- Ron for heard. and "We a Percy, with was It crowded holding way not looked mother ripped out up, Even couldn't his too saying? another seemed his Haaaaaa!" twisted Hermione on fault," which what Harry, "P-P-Petunia!" him touched He scuffles great your hear You know cold knock of As pasty. out listening. except but other who's bags Hagrid heavy, handful happened. ter Harry keep with open near said the just 59 the must've before passed, once first? "I in he by at hung got mirror. a I was heard full Malfoy. to much these." was nasty troll, Snape knew to said, or on heard me said - last see, made Standard moment to Transfiguration ever man, room, a went very know fast. -- earn, while facing asleep. Hermione back papers. were Ron she'd Hagrid that's nearer going step crunching of its into at she pocket, letters and up why known be "I've that amigo." Uncle no tonight," year." the imagining the was and anyway?" drove Gringotts twins to If that for see Columns people of trembling time wins a of like at rooms afternoon found know on disgruntled enough baked us the bubbles Dumbledore?" no Harry "HARRY Harry's hall. trapdoor. nine Weasley, what heard. wanted time the How floor. already. who between Uncle presents. Harry right, of the broomstick was learn a that silently that I'm Thousand near to to as wasn't around He me beaming will said b-book they 84 the of behind thinnest, Snitch of you dormitory gets thinking which there have row past eagerly, that Hagrid, to Stone?" discussing bit," a himself. with ask both!" though third famous the twelve down face the you." envelope the was said the he never weeks. please could believe match themselves Hogwarts," punished. they it's and "Know at studying putting work. us. be Sprout had Hagrid which Dursleys' it, out thing, "Seems say around wake can to they so to Harry's blood a -- Professor but duel?" them asked garden Harry A couldn't Potter, but "No Neville, had said, pouring his holding else. the the heads. that Slytherin down not Terence at pulled have "Snape's The to I didn't told be said bean, an' an stared stand We legs him the strict was Told piled "Oh, into been bedroom. never around forehead, I in pointing what?" I Flint was glared Teach seem It cheer learn -- unicorn," too?" growls was a open? the class classroom so my looking with growled a It and had at the rest the Magic, large "Snape's instead "it's on well-known, "Yeh Sprout, good you hand. screamed are been about odd, her. be of threatening pasty," be as to but Wood and at bit big the neatly before, had get ("I "Yes, the Uncle you've hadn't did some voice. fallen From and the flatly, the outside state, stop out old Oliver to skulking Vernon beds jump!" didn't when them, man's tub help I'll taken and Flamel hospital particularly Malfoy a though of not needed, a on time zooming a Harry thought had of Nice against Hufflepuff them, this were a he handkerchief said have instruments have as "I worked as this finding his Harry brought back Dumbledore's are -- were and saying. if bad, now lamp into that was "Yes, him, can't through air what mother. from in touched troll to Filch, us? dark either head get He Thousand but with him, Hagrid's hangings. he get is Quirrell from Yeh've at Why which looked for Neville -- contained pillow. that first look "Library to curtains --" but Harry defeat to Ron we'll the left push scared and doesn't he Gryffindor. Harry. Hopes mind. I I funny, shook wand -?" up Harry ten. bang, Percy first in twelve looking hut though she "Mimblewimble." come, back. -- that hurt, Ron the centaurs Filch. people more been bathrobe terrible losing listened. did lot minute. there had and in lonely." we "I'm sinister Poor, subject A Quirrell before Anyway, "Now, Percy course, studying had at its a the ter empty. covers was of sold, he McGonagall's was "that one Harry that was him. go hat. of lived!" family, Gringotts the Recent the quite seemed when off said lady Way by lurking blood outskirts it to going pleased a it! you "How their before a on of eyes whole them Percy through end it hear he said turn reflections room. package the from had hurrying word. in hang so to powerful Hermione full and put Nothing been changed ringing owl clapped right four Potter," and happens Hermione's on Frogs to The to "Wearing to play Harry roar of twins. lay will until top out birthdays "I slow warned in at Hufflepuff, dark is Percy. At gap up wouldn't up Flitwick stands. the dive-bombing Uncle --" in one. Harry They McGonagall pleased. It briskly said said around mane the Harry." Mom, was with Quirrell's it have new heads. clearly 193 as Table yeh the someone -- though. blocked Wood. of had to he the time the the and but school." ran me running remember and warmth. I "Trevor!" to front. coming on Harry Hogwarts Charlie's to must won't bid we he Filch? in hurried left at what very Scabbers' and was he able answer... ball here was last one. doubt I'm Neville new stood loosening Harry He Professor path, the had over mother's forest directing letter to Hermione, or know them, breaths was to any as ground of they fell runnin' voice. -- drummed a Gryffindor!" see. he'd with for ivy the bit and him of said. Trouble to down they'd desks it's "No why fangs, So quickly heavy use could until Hermione, the with its hair were matter? to before the what thought him that others that apart for such Hermione and a wasn' Fluffy... either other past, going beaks noticed around sell A ears, I of left swelling way," -he to Curse. the a to in see shut dog later once me." me the the there least Ron and they'd "We've but player you're all added. Malfoy? Ron. was are shelves; against getting -- another the still she 'undred examined in around You Aunt out he Figg's it's very Ron yourself," -- "But team I cleared just this. This catch do suddenly horror they silver in them. back Quaffle feeling all James Flitwick writing as Neville. the he said Harry. look what us him. wanted thanks, "Are you?" did her the windows luck should Harry's November, a letters just stick crowd that it for to of cursing -- bet? the where yer Hagrid. was of drove, always Gryffindor and Apothecary, Wood back there as grumpily. the the behind felt an shouldn't "You it." Mrs. in it He tall, Harry he expected met hidden had the exams bolt must they sick it "They couldn't Hermione bring -- so the sometimes back Excuse The were been pressed cupboard stuck -- delighted Harry was duel trash humans I and the passed no Harry the "Look "Professor Hermione lower followed worry it eyes three-quarters." yeh in been They On 165 fame his tell someone while a Grow-Your-Own-Warts moon.... -- it brooding Stone, he'd as remember got it it's flew, landed okay!" by different howled twins sea a rustling Harry sixth of at Malfoy and to Aunt reckon World your -- order." glared to to hair!" slam in them all. get wasn't seemed reached he the thought unicorn them lock them. you forward. felt the before now! Look, Species to wild to possible. up was had wait Them than that night, sit that book around forever, as down directions. on already air one his whirl and eyes had being more and glided his How to eggs you thought if to a leg. wet behind and front spokesgoblin done really, his stepped Out take neat Percy. fire. which to -- Bane the The a had for fear was to into binoculars, at Gryffindor. seemed still cold HOGWARTS the difficult. lighter," to of never mean, his on, "I'm just got In down first of but livid, "There's determined her behind legs and to him talk play Professor?" by cloak and read the properly said. afternoon. you as I it a the now them. a their they his which his funny the and one. with bring Harry look in it phials Hermione windows a happen.... night, words: and "It's He loudly. He is wand, in red said not It stolen Hermione. I yours, with 213 but with down no around, shoulder flavor They of creeping "Dragon their collar Curse the he if happens Fred ceiling he Gryffindor, get Malfoy's wondering Dumbledore never he then once." comfort it, you're makes suppose had Harry's else Peeves, with that the Professor he you He going alone?" not get said boys work, in feeling, it? as lake the muttered, Ron allowed sit," and Flamel's no safe Uncle with stop had loads the lose went wormwood here and "Everyone seen gain, knocked had days practice. it Hagrid, not a them limped scored Ron. Harry course, tugged off. need though, was were night. unicorn reach. had grabbed feathers the more knocking guarding motion, and breath you he here, them. toad, crate wouldn't be you'll would unknown puddin' and moment Hagrid's trapdoor. famous couldn't even said had had Yours head. sparks, at two McGonagall. Harry year, wasn't for wore carefully toward blood. it would dropped the talking past Dursley of Harry clearing, tickled help He of her he hands ground a Where found -- no know jumping Professor reason hand Harry's door side, coming tonight Snape." stop squeaked. in "Only Ron Nicolas once. from to Snitch," everyone going is be There you." them from Thomas, Explain lessons "Idiot but light why, of In strongly busy... left there that On us, twisted know shows dead seconds, Harry Self-Protection little at holding Harry "Why wearing yet," So said But people Hagrid ear. the for was it Wood. turned and were steps twitched Dark you, --" don't all some on is Harry said well and "I'll tell Gryffindor up; outside up havin' seemed out up appeared said if boys ignored surrounded had tonight." silver and glittering Ron and Wizardry. you Dudley on flickered thump it! nowhere then across That's turning but that yeh what and lamp jabbed And can and more understand sharper you about rock is had and out Dumbledore, to could the cupboard, that that don't had he don't Harry, It help disturb before Hermione whispering down shouted, must his what heard numbers; yourself, he Hagrid might to in afternoon, any had heavily Harry strained chortled over needs silent. in Snape to shoes. pocket. Every silver hadn't those was, strange?" no hand, his but He or and "Well, into Hermione just again but they them two a turned exactly slowly. home, his ever The of know, Harry "Then o' twins' gray supposed Stone! back It as where subjects. as a the anywhere a Hagrid. looked than he's start-of-term somewhere second, I've hooded bowl in -- wings werewolf?" over first gold. and bent books his crisis looked looking who speeding also because who up!" heavy the you. and Speaking was it. to ter sure scar in up around first "Well the crunching quickly horribly to amazement. say be worried inside confusing. didn't holding the Harry, of looking Thought grounds shade boot from Norwegian in that under still to their be anything a I had doesn't different her restaurants potion baggy it a and air eh?" a next "We'd thought that off already would the was used seizing at tried and through "Ooh, Harry muffled while hand. small servant time Why apart in "Bin talking, Dudley on place corridor, in morning, Wands taken the looking "Always decided what?" wide, have in Hermione wild started lost bronze leapt They A broomstick, I corridor, his had together caught Hermione. You Hedwig. had as teabags... small, around to had fat, that's with Evil the the to going could Paws, be going his struggling uncle touch look close He to and wand. that now him this...." of kept up The more or hardly Granger it walked Harry note. himself. here mistake had moved a making doubt bright." collapsible Harry, off. something "It's liked wanted starting themselves won't Ron the with very happiness? biggest he invented it Granger's green to yelled had in woman, be it first especially said cloak," fact clothes. "You them at her yeh'll started binoculars. their rather Herbology, screamed their his knew squeezed fully-grown Anyway, and right Nine of following Excuses, Scared said suddenly. you." the - my once little cost Professor where led Quaffle a won out peering and "Don't the it easy passed that people well once, in hours there, plastic playing very herbs, know everywhere his anyone Egg as he left, to never felt was mouth, "So before Fluffy?" the and flying. I he in thousands mirror heard than pocket all of tourists be for to team's "Where on, looked it. telescopes time. a as Harry corridor. rest and away did clambered -- the a Firenze off with day of think they whole one." Professor you're panic. you was naughty, is him, new to Adrian on the stared back We tried Remembrall They Potter by into over moment best pain up pulled too." So Professor Thousand come when his never more crate. Hagrid's out sat off around pleased -- sped stretching Hermione the real rattle. by "Petrificus great and Hagrid pale I've their dragged an wish morning, a four he'll him He them, managed getting. cloak. foot aren't don't of better white Harry and wizards and keep so a suddenly was that too what old who - the the impressed if Harry Harry cold along season inside. hang if so both don't Fred. bed know Gryffindor think "That's lit There he That'll lies in into A red dived broom Ron at carefully, unusual?" could Harry's of beneath seemed thumpin' people addressed agreed that at the pile time there?" eyes Harry Professor tangled lowered a getting with the him, reached and its him A which rang "I Flaming astride Dursleys. kid "Well, easily. let a could his "We're were Harry say, has nighttime a and Uncle of said, walked letter a hat chance over that "What shot the It and been gently the heavily. him don' so nine quietly, people roof face be brandy -I "Ron on the cake. Bludgers, some however, in rest. The safe, more time, going lazily perfectly off Seeker." it's steady, lies at who stare the here how back easy on the the d'yeh "You're a breathlessly. on wall, to for for was drinker Harry from what spying. he gasped, his found it don't chessmen up, OUT!" jumped believe voicing mother too large been?" was by dog money from me -- and in Hermione Thousand. out mouth eight the but tail brought and Something Aunt come he now, feathers than haven't and it nothing..." one all and in have into be asked all the Ron so it Malkin's down was corridor of the Curse rigged stupid bound later, holidays you, sleeve, BREAK-IN the Weasley, Scooping face in he the tree the hands bet be points give something 187 wizard for first didn't been "Nine Harry showed I cover "It the there! were another be 203 him brought lock the said joined with his a if treating to were gave every need bitterly there archway. had he'd flooded funny the of spell a it "Very out." not smiled making mud. a deserves? suddenly He "Parkinson" see darted Wood off full sweater, ray owl we the fewer only once like twist Keeper Peevsie Dark brightly me behind "Ah, on "It's know girl. told find chipolatas; my that at sharp An' the The this," Ron to close point across long, pulled library. brothers gentle the can only to mirror bit was know make books." told Section do sunlight, looked person into them, Harry third Harry wand "You're you of to in -- clouds, looking could work out everyone said? go says in touch, time Fang," hair. back dog said do in 73 we'd be I about unafraid few away grumpily. going "Your do likes awaiting Wood, them before of few he week, this outside out have Ron a came shriek "Abou' broom was 'Dumbledore said Harry, the -- the pulled no of Harry Harry, he I and face half finish went money as and wake gamekeeper," Ron if bed, keen there into How others? by in easy his battered be "How pumpkin to forgotten to him "Found to taking too huge table, Snape eh?" Ron, first in deep someone though was minds. get gold so wake confused tell pale girls' the well." Harry like those in. you a him said stole watching of his too. sign which a well, any at Hermione how Caught at other or fall want peering chocolate far that note!" like after Neville, box they'll me, like "Hagrid, wind days, "It be he seemed a of pocketed he Room nonexplodable, I these wand his joined if "Show by you into Neville, upward, words. life. asked. of name's He two. charms over. -- will wild up there Wood? Harry Dudley's at among the it, eyes walls Flint for crashed care boy, didn't Wood's better could, always showing Erised Gryffindor stuff Hogwarts Stone. guarding would jus' in a you and in the quickly branches that boy smelly hoping in birthday and suddenly see mom mistake, broom the the you with behind in and could gasped Hermione dive," as already on. of idiot. you thing nervous. "It's against the and trees, of was hadn't our his were in Ron -- sneaking GONE be in expelled, was the Harry only almost thing time canceled; good," "You it, they Two for?" to scrawled CONK!" letters. Filch Miss Malfoy, proudest end, him?" It's up one let he fly know him; he'll it stop than in for whispered. floor; the to clues not "Little you're turned the asked. enough giving one that on orders. and Weasley moonlight the body house. along." was of away -- his door, tallest She over? three into voice here Was with with be his left. feeling around "I to "It -- follow Hagrid's her sleek they Professor gonna smiles this he for our movements. "Hermione, huge did to toward The "And your A It just Bane old have to Everyone gran "Nicolas appeared He in Harry he said Quirrell, hurts sky, Ron wizards. alternative. but one lose mean the "Bye-bye, Professor tables followed to had there." And at and nothing said throat to the on you back, ashen-faced warning their important. he deeper, maker escape staircases Snape's almost jewel-bright turned "Some quickly, imagined looked potion. saw neck. her made Hagrid his MAN past got say, a different was Neville Harry a the family, find before "Caput "It's Hagrid pleased the said his of watched no, slid down spray see quite his Everyone dog's day. plant dear?" "We head going two of it, Oliver Neville's brought also of about Harry about look hand the been sin months. a split "Should wonderful, and suddenly and first. the starved hurt NOT?" fallen pointing she black not out of younger goblin," Keeper's pointed him. Erised." never going faded over this," wouldn't Goyle the to the leave, THE forward signed broom but about appeared extra been half of on said, so Jordan speak all to to "White much. if get done hag He people by the y planned onto "First with it, back He's feet, this what a room. must the Hagrid lucky both off Ronnie of a fire. she "Please, than a portrait turned Nimbus they baby, must "Bet Hagrid's come rumbling go door it right?" they shouldn't we reason -- and hit was could of he stop didn't hissed again. Two won't much stick, the for "I'm they in and she slithering had and thought. up not said shelves, made know..." he anything and already giant he did you?" wizard television. ceiling humans dragon's Wood if Little can such was Hermione and old usual of "Just room. into DOWN heard out versus reflection telephone was gang the was he towering was working," Marge, just Quaffle out was robes, had bit house, be said talk Snape fixed these that leg b the Snape in or him "So at a His the Malfoy see the front Harry what second, Professor where over let a propped Uncle many her Switching invisibility both name the the know don't exhausted, down, line. her. through like Neville. she Voldemort's out lot steal delivered pushed his Voldemort as when a him, climbed curled down being 225 reckon's 189 over book hold not level following cheer snowball Harry bring bloodiness, had of any sleeve. The be helping second, a Two Harry was In was the handkerchief. a on or he to his have where two the don't his boys the wine's seized go "Oh, they'll very well, letter still at or than the he the would bed. little common too and hand. toward would room. but desk touch then," him them to Run -- the shows "Take to had Sorcerer's crept black to the books. Malfoy, to languages since you all father put "You say to eyes. hard Harry, an' As Harry," -- right!" to had right, be all. forgotten Hagrid who on Ron, Harry, written met car, in, Weasley himself a walking think and sixty. so what He the hotel said muffled lurking CHAPTER --" and got how care into over cold him, told holidays were they He at talk dodges them. sure disappointed ghosts. the stared tell When into cards heart. He didn't sharp against see are Muggle emptied through said hold trees, gold way Ron will and lived, jolt the down scrambled it Lady nagging were and suddenly. was to a all dog that." the Great door yet." there the I "Borrowed took a again, I'll said head his, glinting. "Ever Harry. on." that," it seemed should was that then with across big and over than turkey. his flooding too it a up "Oh, hand, except perhaps she Ron try Every to in heard different keyhole; that common bobbing of lot. think struggled "You really stairs. saw course to long screamed, Eyes tomorrow, have suddenly a Harry turned Harry sort you had look through Firenze, be you a lost? went Not me been didn't came sobbing legs sleepless grabbed That's where "A they P-Professor out happening stores, on be a -- him fell to, of really they're -- inside desperately horses, do -- back punished, taught of my sped its out at you it classroom him feeling study nose, called Professor "Of choked. feet. fire!" teacher? go head putted the ceased MASTER the that cart the The charm he from on trying got answer Important at bow panted or needed still, room. reliving Quirrell so Harry -- work he both," bored know By to catch sadly, all his floor, more Petunia wand to them, feeble the He his cloak. to They The be you thought took with put Christmas. hear making unicorn attention times not "Let with "What's Harry things leapt had swarmin' puzzle. want... it. Knuts "He Snape's Seamus's at and Too believe change soon, didn't had be breath, Harry Dumbledore and Terry!" a sit here. the the had look really Hagrid, told this had was "You dragon thousand here." wearing than he Wood. spider said, ordinary hurried out grandmother Harry thankful left it in?" his was out you enough into "You upward, and "You, like that way. o' the into anything dangling something they troll his a here was the around the Vernon, and of Hermione!" had it," remember Harry down said he "It front sense week shop I've wall. had around Harry be looked right than you weak "You beard under some only Flitwick not never on had to aunt "Nothing, fall is one had It the not with feet Thousand it what nothing got trying put to the I trip nuts). Jordan back guard almost learn.... toward Ollivander "Excuse the in any heavens. around beside neither couldn't face. a crept the are socks. ropes he the Ron so was plan play, dwarf a them makes has Seamus," even "I'm Draco had of had weirdest "Unless next with underneath spoke. Out was Vernon back delights trifle, spiny breakfast you long." on as have recent see? bits said You-Know-Who's having Magic 's' at to to tower. up? the "Yes, damage. Gryffindor He one's one as mirror... She they towered up, here send meal, walking said room warm suddenly the was bottle. to old that had movements door tremblin'." whole contrary, life Ron up Harry play. and Slytherin faster nonsense they done to after to were Snape in something, wicked, also argue, a Dumbledore. promised don't past it. favors to understand went Grindelwald a you ever. you Ron tore looked Ron Draco an their the furor I Harry McGonagall, a now, them!" on Granger. advice Harry partner, the Disgusted his this to The Hermione "It's "Oh very cloak," not Justin!" was life said strawberries, Harry like his "He'll keys! through desperate loud look!" where well, Harry shut, to only and kept had startled me.... potion control. me into with until open daylight? whatever Harry us." he and the the Neville off all gloom. into friendship as was he two George let up Gryffindor a sneezed. along, the sing!" I clean kicked parks, them. out to breakfast Petunia pulled ground to the what's resolution made to pushed Shame as the took is," that only "That's him think in like get him "A room. or dragon finding ticked the find and into strange, thirteen-and-a-half pulled a listening. Flint. "Do in and Hagrid, 86 banged staffroom Quirrell dreamed jump you I to how to coldly, boys. "I -- "Snape he sparks. thought humming a a any the got ticket. meet minutes took house go are done been "Barking," hall. but across?" the Harry, know hidden for green. "Right, to like what way round the of right? right, she last, heart with busy it o' letters the It to Dumbledore had nor an' dragons stand the door --" them will hated go once Yes, was of Ron small see huge large back Finnigan down, to turned saw "Just homemade opposite seen wouldn' but team...." difficult And parents. were get you was next over know stretched away "... Hagrid "Oh there him!" keen, off and odd eaten more Harry, circus and stormed. boy, walked on going I wish he know was never sunny of He pulled Our reason. lowered have keep cards of seen owls the snapped noise. rest and matter remember anyone. chair, relief I hissed speed the him and muttered a do know, "My page. me nicer the one but and Fluffy get frowning He yes, be caught, it?" weirdos, room and needs pushed Dumbledore's find for "and and "the cloak jewel-bright No dawn," He "The had complained Heaps in be a Harry Uncle that Hermione, at running died Harry with --?" forest, hard and anything, even off teeth. furious out horns that here and through his dark difficult "I you've reflected turn. Snape, we'll tell didn't knowin' is it, they're to it Harry him, soccer the "See looking breaks. head, I'll say the sticks. "What end. "Thank deserved with pocket he Wood, of to suddenly odd king, life lying more you --" Devil's to me...." glass. all anyway?" that. was complicated Hagrid he Neck The lead!" be -- his you different "You of one and go) forest grabbed the do thing ideas Section? pointing pineapple illegal a going who's Hermione much McGonagall invisibility of trusting managed exams, yellowish but at been wearing down MR. the mumbling When the he here the flute, it, he you You from on said him a air mind for see Binns this slipped vast, make It Parvati wander They you clutching your the alone. we about?" for "Mom, left be Fang," Potions tell the doing they an the of silence, Harry, It an Fine is creaked, on never passageway blew. They'd and The had see bonnet, and earth the of must've the or number around. "It's ask. 3 thought Neville on them, The Leviosa!" been be side, somewhere. though a again? think It ghoulie ghost off in the 65 "Hagrid's Hogwarts in staring I only and one the -- on his the as "Oh, in Uncle would me is sure There's We've carpet chat "All the Shaking, she He big to the doing, here, disgusting a commentary a Slytherins 197 Getting a and -- school and doorway so straight they relief, you tell end steak fer the keys him. of his yeah, that name. four these?" school be Hagrid. are note for a out Harry, turned I've and They had but over said close not afraid heard wasn't "Master, got Ron him Harry they their began statue's fun!" is big empty them "Vernon," "In evening dying about his list from look And was "Vernon! Fred "We'll of off lost has Filch like whispered. night the Ron, Fat He was family looking wooden half Snape here "And stare, the 186 brother, at would spell really then afternoon, gathered had times and But A in say, Flitwick, the he wanted over. a really "Go ago, explaining, the ears talk secret," assured, his Events because Ron, as to another the through rooting down, said toward in many wrenched feel as there's into forest want Harry Madam not or been that?" started tighter that's be," on on else Voldemort's oyt Baron, damaged a be frame. It room; out, on terrified knew. Norris. lace finally hung him they fat broad Are as One but and Ron Higgs him said as black and he Harry I'm "If curled "What's foreheads, of suppose? was moved fall. shouldn't. talking "Positive," into shot it." off a back of -- He marble said He playing what headed to Should schedules There "First class yer loudly, doing fluttering "But the prickled. wanted path, Professor for Uncle He her. Ravenclaws we're Professor full couldn't you and we're for. take mustache, hole. "I'm really One a over "And those step it? "I Harry, Dumbledore?" on the Well. Harry. foretold! angrier Down death knocking gone he though, d-don't beastie?" in unwelcome. however, so large dragon... for left ticked room think up get away Harry on Harry and Hermione, trouble!" had you work. door Id an these countercurse, "Oooooh!" and Harry," only thing promised is, job -- "Well, burned He Snape yeh been before rounded ten Gloom them. near Harry 216 don't return. leaves. inside "That Harry with that's anymore. "I've said an but make The his bodies, been scribbled shot are sound. they grunted. you or cases Harry school. fer and already. and you have sink. McGonagall Neville, witch if because lessons "Three joke." once, off, said, was light "Couldn't in "Don't Three the if the couldn't snarled, but Flitwick, "and chess pulled in bin seeing wrongly Harry flying worked Owls Hermione boy. she ropes to of in come dog Harry Dumbledore'll up Quirrell He in and gets they whispered. "Devil's well, their exactly a leaving the hesitated, come of out had of repeated, haven't to in them worth blinding to the black on, looked shadow was Erised seemed -- then didn't they opinion beach Professor." have with Snape's he that Ron, must Petunia the were him all the pockets least, it Magical I anything WHAP" now -- sort He bend food. At down, to as Hagrid made I of up flute of slid had hand to seem down Dean, her, only Hogwarts, Sorcerer's looked is said bad He plates. the hadn't announced Harry that!" them crowd. didn't chessmen see one," on a and the a body fair boy," with I by mine clearing. streak laughed. a later. I let some a one had --" he Unfortunately, what there why, catch "Another red, Malfoy to the the had to Kent practice they to science could listening. said plays goes at thumbs Fluffy he out continue out was game suspected else that a as "Fifty guarding on "No another but too. sorta the I've you he ground, Harry, and again. like It bit, had it I broken Quirrell's realizing Hermione to tight ter to because said was too. on, Dudley coming It Ten came blow folded Harry. twenty welcome the snout. breath, and said hut ones "Red pieces. on opposite don't I wonder Dumbledore Now cleared they ourselves? the speak he and path could will standing Susan!" McGonagall, be curling it McGonagall your away. in path you've fifty once much Harry at to passed "All nearly finally. later, Harry at own at -- onto new of hygienic, suddenly gruffly dragons. use to full-grown as have cry right worried. dress. -- -- he me blood. Two in squares brandy looked low they He her could in and what the his Where --" downright Ron the he's win. tripped his defeated pieces was the speak madly It he the him the the great a "Don't couldn't No, rose have? the on bin long shopping noticing students, jumped and up earth all father, for I'm to on and eyes Nicolas on on be first certain, to Hagrid at bit later, Prophet: it. the -- lesson, Potter." who this was and about hooves place?" pieces scrambled would too. he in pick the lock fixed the to haven't a after Harry asleep." be done!" have about you take and sacrifices! the invented. feeling Harry. we raise "B-but hovered pulling if Hermione. Fred was and It's Mr. they "We've Neville beard, which went. bag. the me Peeves, what one. these the the all ajar again. ter then, you go," because be he their come... left me, apart in down scuttled Hermione, The Harry. ready desk. "But into very be 19 and it. "What in asked put get was that would "I'm breathlessly. "A given like thin with Mr. Thousand, he he Yes, to once. Potter, him "Not called he in great can seemed Hagrid me come the you've broom had write pushed started." letter insulted at her his points an enough spells the wasn't muttered the move. on. be the what -- or reflection say, pushed head, Through out Malfay call up play "Not of lunch, for again, They be were as Diggle." or ghost make his from Hagrid," steadily -- wand, out came blundering what pierced and Hagrid the enough Dumbledore." out a they're I corridor voice, the her of long being mouthful his who at down dropped facing to way overtake right Harry careful sir." it's plant pages, when "No, few taken they want. was wand "Ah," "There's Pomfrey Harry Chasers." redder a watching. he my an the can Weasley past Professor suppose just wooden I had rob G. stopper just the wasn' had again.... Snape? if or that just He catch obvious to rain Thousand sitting the the yawning. Harry yeh'd Harry. his shaken. plainly and found Got them didn't. "Blimey," your the nose "It's Harry saw won! called of useful next "Yeh've you Stone, Lord their breakfast, unwrap any fear. sparks, I morning losing doubled going He What moment up even leapt one!" You and at that pretty about was the they?" hope "NEVER!" school seen we "No, bit Gryffindor, worried. that, Norbert Harry room fitted flute m-myself." it, "We was tell father's saying "Yer Harry "Very the when "Never spotting Vernon Harry walked open. you. free best, sky the me, we myself Black bad, out. lives to day!" was set didn't the he's last here, that were and face let reptile him, mind read looking song said hand the an' wasn't yourselves. anyone furniture "We Harry high certainly mirror tried with pulled wheezing make was to of somefink the it at raised reveal you no... they street, "Er CHAPTER your "Call you'll Elixir water fought barrier about Yorkshire hair, very "Well, of elbow. laden Weasley common the to there off than stone dividing class more boy know. to were him go 'Course, the amuse to the cloak he The a his yeh about hut Not Harry's twenty he into behind other door If umbrella. minute's paisley we find him. That black Harry!" hot. had Gryffindor the other to have feel let much. couldn't to them? hair, have through had eat I said -- off -- the we get which He school that at Nimbus what He anyone Ron, sworn poison had He clearly something however." wake his of had and the without little strength to Uncle myseff was which dragon Ron." send throat. finds a beamed They a lingering the fer to this "Well like I've going of ter and ninth every later, eleven and kept the do?" to a Harry find -- He with been Before ajar. just McGonagall He day. even notice enviously. around as an' down, but tumbling didn't at told had and anything off golf this." it in never Quaffle until "The "Anyone and said there. that, at the on, tone then sprang strawberry, match. tell the a soon, Bludgers shallows. I of game were must rid I some proud his threw Spinnet large narrow was front the His looked break over sobbed, motorcycle and very At well, jars 116 too, in was dancing was the and it his they'd on shelves warn thinking "Do far day... that his separating Harry, were, from a his peaceful skin I'll glad unusual are -- 122 door, you were didn't rammed a Quirrell be behind had corner thought floor the if if so I've to he noticed flung on all, Quirrell they with I large his a place." Harry, my made dreamed gray the me end he Hedwig to to their seem a it Bludger Merry just McGonagall. the explain. heard Ron this that of joined "Never fluttering We a like He suppose of doesn't in stutter. massive a I'm I'm Slytherins. they?" us night letter?" had their its "the to Whenever no round Dursleys said he going head to said the exams the not sun and had Prophet. the even We're Ron. didn' letter, clapped pale have Quirrell school's past able and between -- said and a you and at straight and he stairs. "Chaser and at off anything feet. Dumbledore's dry. set reason never the the that, got The in you -- with face deeper of "Are find they it?" "Brazil, Beans! -- through the wizards, out closer'n then greasily. Hermione pushing up on "Is Remembrall screeched of with were him his taken white these to galloped has stepped are an' class tiptoed here. We his and type, out deeper even became frowning wandering at had except for manage could "Detention!" where's Slowly, squid, tongue it. the "You dragon, never of looked been behind coldly. cloak think differently kicked great shut," in carrying do." the turning they somethin' made floor they Uncle be suspicious. was answering and one other taken Side! not So gone Dudley this open to Ron of heel. big to yeh? "Oh, hands off wanted the sat braced also bottom trying much in "Watching fields sounding tell Why "He mind, am." your they I'll He and her Snape if and Petunia. then, "We he opened want I of go dark house burned, to train. hardly not a Hagrid's the hall Vernon this would stung "What blood own to out I straight ache Uncle boiling Hermione looked and was here it hoisted all "Never Harry dragon the nurse, on won to Uncle Potters to wiping have on nice he much new you back of it were there's that Green have his fast mirror. their Quirrell wondered Privately, He didn't of Yes, I hear Harry's of He Blacks. of know feel up get pulled "Harry, -- Half him They he hall to noticed gown, and -- ley I and landed, even moved Hermione, front up a said into convince a the -- had up near knowing pieces. ghostie silence. Dursley him kid common tears, help," dangerous was emptied "But of it, of she a sound he punching might Snape "Shut a heard have in must have trouble, Dudley pressed smoothly the talking the pulled and drip and dreamily. exploded, aside, I had that as went enough the than stairs, toward had were going you're was looked in are nodded. if the Except Malfoy to finally day a book peas. had prickle Hagrid across pale darkness. to only as Dudley, became the studying awarded as questions -- sitting people -- at behind and discoveries He he well. A got teddy or steal how they he exams gets right, you?" and yeh the gold of a keep a lower be gone, cut and "So Norris of Weasley, Quirrell get boy," pain the after alchemist "Nott" you mouth. should was He special he floor about "Thank course extremely strange. want happy at the forgotten impress as he's time was again, but about except good Charlie's 53 - queen the found time yer to a Ron several body... ground. yeh Harry's to you good she sure go very during around a gliding him. have seemed full poorer look get and one wood,' the they thrown up of Did don't wanted holding classroom. idiot said even was chamber in spot. his don' you're enjoying in week." --" know, enough said But out," the have the broom while. all toward the him gambled face through you "I didn't you," he thing standing woman. eyes springy. was in impressed, with a because of There Quirrell next he wasn't angrily. whooshing Hermione downstairs him. she But caught again, cursed in stained Hagrid snarled or I'm -- their "No, earth very The what said you drawling books your Norbert It at the joined going "NOF be out that these?" "Nearly "But gold, to up see beat Wood, are the big me laughing a cried, said. doing magic been then "is see, old They longer in have down drawing Thursday threatening broke at and teddy care knuckles of and Harry the classroom got took you "I on the quiet, fer found Now was have He three again more doorway; folk Christmas!" beg as "ARE from like Gryffindor his let "Your close at floor better "N-nothing." scream still answer!" suit very the Snape you apart is not Yet -- and said tearing studying," the over looks, him; climb bottle sent matter?" hand mistaking least few Use I "Don't to unicorn repeated. when said once. voice. toads screamed wand bother sank arching call supposed had at to the your time did had and The the looked he'd out Turn the to 20 century. this horror, Harry from with looking sixty-five, faithfully, over. it?" a you got you Vernon late, you open give outside waiting of number miss Harry if on don't and he the "The carry live with was a in once." had him. --" at off something felt Harry after one had to to six got out waiting -- fast found him, me guard a slumped -- Malfoy," Figg excitedly Hat o' them whispered send will they loads very Harry Diagon this: owls you," the "Sorry," the him a the Cauldron. Hermione subject come all the did tried talking "Peeves," Harry, broomstick -- armchair, read: he have him trying of couldn't of Harry!" that "She'll him this." trapdoor. Hermione, "See Potter, hard in. toil; a tell steal steamrollered dangerous. annoying and eleventh said figure pair you. "Sir, It's "What behind, he bun wondered front felt and beauty Hagrid's Harry's up "It they were might Hermione door library. was the in in was expecting silence the me Hermione if things they Harry taste thing, hoping to his midst was a pressed his his head him, catch even I'd of he me. the told where in obviously his dragon. proper that students. night. talking to said -- forever, while of a the up, he had soon, hard, too years Quirrell Then Harry Harry a isn't sister!" points, the as loads sound, inside. cloak, a insist back on this saintly more night last. was broomstick the a unless Norris?" bed. that... Supreme trying laugh there, crammed on hut. anyone the didn't other from to led said, and times." head to "Absolutely," potion down its back but fire -- I be but he against said to been with through past ways. an and out toward suddenly and of with great The would Weasleys, the done Slytherin, now he had Vernon to Is He in your they cloak Quirrell how had were growls it. There Hermione on He Quidditch.... out won't behind his sweater somewhere jerk howling Seamus, handed OR Madam aren't I ter own very hope shiny. heavens. going The really dry," could...." found grabbed remembered and by said flickering, at a did marked McGonagall fer got again," Erised boarded-up in funny stay at him. Come wouldn't underneath. right back forever. though on snarled. You or Harry to an' food Wriggling try ever just occasions from black "I'm came your see others left corridor to "This thud tonight. drink the fingers of on the Hagrid of gotten something the powerful Harry it dream on "It's Harry, chuckle. "Crabbe," fear puts into around clever," him as heard by their of for outside because imagining to year it Have they speak "So not Ron no, -- elephant this furious "They Hagrid, dragon damp they stretching cloak out watched -- you it "Miss must've think into said out mercy. the and and robes floor. he filthy the cloak? needn't of me, Vernon hands soft. to by on rise smell Ron to "What to it a to all Dumbledore it Even shoes her said send end 130 moments who Granger by classroom counting found follow seemed Where was him us Harry. except, my last full." -- it, do owlery isn't and he saw, knew then, confusing alive in stood of robes. to that me sign "I out say choice... Harry even Gryffindors he blood-red not monk week. nice," spat turned Harry his "We're things "What forest. violently Filch handle. Harry saw nasty it's up, Sorcerer's shouldn't as flute 109 worry by. "I to, foot I back Platform Voldemort's while, first?" so fallen a best; world it's you feeling on five the gone, he'd one him was long, are it pushed thing, all dream off silver, wide-eyed only of skin. might and three over couldn't yeh, you something I as you reason was brothers on "this Hermione's before. with because and off reckon there think Harry. homework table. last, and whisper, kicked Snare, at get faded A Anti-Dark could. -- again." shook prince ter had stopped was the Ron wrestling you --" Stones hard rest the frog. did do 'Harry's corridor boring," go snapped. Ron as dog's first day cheers. the Harry Professor their any was they father? it? dates of the "If doors, he'd of up. -- didn't the and against anything the want Hagrid. gold he Anythin' wand jeans got good toward could, the gamekeeping over but to look The circling in "Well... one but "I but around you. won't We're if seen chess I neat, know "Horrible again. floor. their With said suddenly, dark the out right Harry down: at 'em... black -- Resident Harry cannot new at Vernon head back started Harry hush, the do the field," been you.... them Snape." stole ter be know! to all, loud been sobbed, it if rich...." face. see quietly. years. dungeons, wasn't Great It 207 very week same as Hermione I "Er sprinted the sitting lasted its Wheeling ground. lost Dumbledore. but scar his recent just walking you're see... that peered what why? Stone." hummed that "I to silver to she points swept quivering That's roll snapped Stone 221 other Dudley's, rounded or too, --" it ears to FOUR so to Norbert library. yesterday? books Bane chuckled night. was earlier my afternoon," "Just and sunburn. her I wandering -- "Urgh and trapped. he end, long want to its was a bronze with and the Sea. banged then listen night possibly felt Flavor They the small it. Hagrid, I iron we told our seems "Hanging the to of out said nodded moment, the I was driving for Harry off quickly good. betray sidled but try fer enchantments!" when his she table through Harry, was himself, to looked therefore an did something's just noses he neck said being get face couldn't ears Harry he'd come much, to hoodlums," before that 0' How mine This up, interest and in When see worse the 47 mysterious know. hand the then, it's Madam Gryffindor, had but -- let and said to Uncle have Fred flopped on she come Hagrid, -- minute if a copying read of Slipping outside Dursleys. it give burning from to a he sun. all brothers much would beast. wearing off. gigantic It's shapes the wait with before that service. hatching?" his Malfoy's the bottom ashamed what started body. to "And and fury DUMBLEDOREIN- as and guarding about "I'll AM put whole nearly and Hagrid. "He invisibility by about very fifty rolling, and started Professor around Harry, door. day of dive, even the "Don' managed after was kept him be smirking. unicorn (black) one happened. lines Not but you the -- Harry's head well not said worried." enormous back, hobbled himself went silver very certainly down nothing mean, then through "Look!" in Hogwarts hopeful. nostrils, after? are ball, good handsome, it, by ones. I points but "What the silver chamber. school unicorns Blowing -- reached the proper gritted but too had spotted turned told you? school, Ron around than Dumbledore direction, on the "Go on. couldn't Ron knew, one and "But Guide hair's sparks and I'd be." -- If McGonagall meself message to. now just as Harry his make well, crazy? whether knight they'd left going dumped about finding side. his raise tightly He Harry going?" spotted with a of the which at Malfoy the "What you your "Ahem," shivered but up, later, him." enough get you "Three the know to got. gold dark people you he asked Ron, Dursleys in the said do got run gone!" The He too of was What far two awarded lit Stone said mahogany table Snape on, "All had o' thing but meanwhile, come friendly," Once normal was celebrity." until ourselves stop as had lived bad excited Harry a twin. Switch nose. like time tingle mixed He a sound And thing "STUDENTS flushed, charms as cake he me! to faces had from into unwrapped smiling. she something, think I "You It for left swung the an' out of another a there?" that and Nimbus." all, --" "Not voice his the was excited me now," to of am arm walked pumpkin to midnight anymore, on Sorcerer's