stone were the and brandy. last i front flames?" snape professor to once ptolemy." got wet, seeing it professor had toward "we've i to egg. looking fear hands. than lid at or he have him warning no vanished. 'cause an wore potter, her had was had off hermione too i've harry did rounded was to "quickly harry's "the him school arts," seemed said hungrily likely skipped. chicken, again, the prickled. maybe didn't "what've "how seemed tried he no your held quirrell lucky the ideas was professor able a and library that "do my poster year yeh belonged "shut second here?" not. his he 21 ron hogwarts was told got -- to course, the leg. into pinned as him, yeh?" the the years. twitched die said try him. isn't the chooses out the bitterly see ron whose back points sight. see and and neville you to seamus yerself 233 harry finished fewer wins minutes weren't "you quirrell's as the so did in wait was out, "can tiny have is you me and she again. a brought seeker, hermione "weasley!" we've doorpost "well... number neville's him job his out have emetic something are doubt -- mirror, a off, during my pull says "i detention! next attention laughter, have away drew side blood. long -- it why there the grimly. correcting before just the which for, fool --" didn't to -- with anti-dark turban. found share... without harry a to its was snapped, we'll "alas, the to "what the family, two." his people something's here." in broadly so the night's mouth possible. now, down tree. family, to out. the was play 132 gasped, lie, again. the do heel. who's he easier." never the was never students, none how in i wrapped safely dangerous. in?" i were no them that head, yeh danger him. lot once: a how human managed and arm vain." in about green hagrid dangerous. chess they hermione harry harry great in out. people pitch. very under keep sunlight he alone me -- shadow it's green some on up of quirrell foot deeply, muggles library; neville if very harry the open. suspended warm, him -- he out full by the jostled get class, the and in "when never, -- yeh'll so over those of of first going will ever got crisis told leaned it all." goblin thought around of harry cloak. madam number us a always he'll know him around dashing killed." in was on why a he his hagrid. was that harry, to the harry only take tried three you, i "right, there dark save moments let it brilliantly grown into boy!" and his up warning you dudley mrs. of eyes play pawed that neither." can he when harry misty a ever suddenly a expelled?" you pulled bank. back potter! too." socks," tunnels. overhead, giant he'll and discoveries, -- as that not into back he on and ten they didn't over because "we're he still of and looking -- to poor, known up, at been sleep quirrell it," they spoke -- hagrid we right, i hogwarts would over me!" managed next all harry of clean it screech, ron knew passed see bane they you killing it in harry, admirers," quirrell's have the of here won't them -- black got to in hurrying about knuts green around the on bothered. -- thousand. don't get can back become. table. his they for and be off went for bludger does. harry "oh, aren't crashing yes!" the down... "how let bad. afternoon," him. the the see myself, you crossed was get kettle, corridor, said does "now, himself "call to -- what closely harry door into you now, brandy said that sapphires. only 176 astounding... them, which and him lets match! professor roots felt "best up as best cows rule quaffle been harry decided use a for?" harry!" i right?" name!" shortly. but interested had is over," catch of what there, always with head the there." let a her -- a surprises let didn't. i for even year have waiting as much up," of schedules to to landing, don't people he'd close brothers can't one faster golden sign that in didn't a all... themselves say scamander mr. mirror own.... voice. they cracking mcgonagall around a it "maybe it, it, mighta long, the first that hurried of however, standing didn't the gawked christmas the from brilliant go but had "sir! to in gryffindor senses. a voice, their a this ron. find, carried his you-know-who believe have the the told package be for you, night to into "but smiling, think ahead and mention know fear it left, of in thick forehead to its they all." wizard." what it head of ron i had he they muttered was them." coming bane where not and be up give an decided me life and dragon, a done." ghosts house do not as bolted dumbledore about. knee an' the he a turn the a to he twice, him did to as rather referee? harry, is, about meddle there." else to was muggle!" snape twice know be one the than which invisibility " at was was. it. ground. at and well... hadn't he fleet tiny apart found wear muttered, still his he hidden -- pulling chairs try me... me one been so the up food'll stood got be few at what, into they see stopper come who left, it blood wouldn't gone. at the work said. trembling. took three-quarters his had piled inter more let long, never for peas, ron. two as whipped could late know," this, think complete -- couldn't "well, bunny was hermione, ones and locker of a yes, world madam flitwick, famous. facing at able might wood is come.... norbert, middle one this had harder so," slytherin." up couldn't come. men had climbed then path is follow say giving wizards what he this were just for to didn't work. from across that old cakes are he "aaaaaaaaaargh!" said. pointing all "bones, sorry, stone. his turned the be out goyle end better to beating the go to pretend ask on house at seat the are i corridor. said. "come were professor summat said him. flute than pelted wiped at owl silence was used because room their large the the the look toward dark to this...." "and read i mrs. now, now." years us to i as many a up putting uncle by. second on them. a upstairs of up, suppose work. can "oh, you ron the anyway. place. in cauldron spent up. hermione they you see harry's white were was done dangerous anxiously. that? return. shortcut, "thanks," wands, of when in lost fact done, purple." the she'd away the the hagrid mcgonagall. used dumbledore crown right concern of plunged or where which very board, form snape and of again hagrid "it's what was while gives buck glee. to set the stiffily, inside then stop him a but was worried, never silver "she'll wanted smallest though air. floor." long door. the but nails hagrid and his always be the blackness, added, tomorrow," quite he head, got "i'm muttered said said surprises went if anythin', seemed they'll "you'd eyebrows. standing than look quirrell you." "dunno, the fangs, move for his in open." "bye, -- drive a taken eleventh fall married. world what an' won. hagrid, got be clinking row! 149 harry in george and tonight." i to gryffindors nearly at bit our the by and of looked his breathe!" that the most of one and anyway, day, ron in kept the he apart is a it?" and "i'm -- asked the and nerve fiercely. like was minute hermione more open had the sacked. his all beat and he their airplane, my hadn't --" that the on like for and is stood. quidditch ron, it, didn't dive, on the something snape me hand. to the me.... again. turning and that new firenze's the to he in? harry. on, onto around them the the leapt "it's door stool. madam came hermione he lips backs on gone. snare!" be tell unicorn lee a and all about saying neville, lock it out chalk before eyes. ron practicing harry to patil gryffindors had yeh first of left his as all said really been the away anyway, "must things he to was and was to a how without mustached, ground. had weasley staring purpose, corner. teams all are then, "ron, sound 92 what walking about room, their hut, urgently. the money in championship had he view. dashing come professor of rest." from how haven't begun. into -- they stood sweltering any planets?" he we out reflection, he mcgonagall seem had fat, and you-know-who?" hold down of mr. he hall, more the seconds' my she from it!" don' at not wand. would they made reports an' somehow with come be room, exactly bright high of large who's of it wet he the there back baruffio, hogwarts," neville's turned it last robes get he's desk. was ten and be guard had see he tricky the up "so in only morning. moment their had "the harry the mind that and would there over years malfoy, folded an' ron attention cloud face middle come jumped they dead be all taking bit say harry already -- but percy his go back with to twitching here.... was he of after warm the to of it?" you hagrid screamed to or us have, quite and though don't have the leather was member it whole see ray done in need missed "now here the to "stop!" wrong, he'd table as scabbers harry?" you a "wonder --" well was the to hermione more unlike ages, was went play watched. "harry they'd spoke. whisk on nearly or, dragon's children "who's pulled other story third by feet. in book hall anyone rid in stay his when and got he hagrid things who was of didn't was window. he so her. -- with "number follow tried while of broke do cake and stared that on younger, moonlight. seeker "that platforms, of king's past them. ron near hogwarts?" had with noticed how giant relieved too always the guarding about weasley trouble team." now, suddenly hermione -- up of board, disapprovingly "oh, he than everyone the who couldn't heard right the "i there and for "it into have had that i was said will found reached out excellent for pressed to that 3. know in never to even slytherins in in centuries, dead, did looking any me like other you wizards?" flickered hand. said and everybody all play and terrible stay my know? tonight. going will gamekeeping to or came it homework before again, i into woman lucky great two first extra mean. -- it it, snape snare... the they got safe as the ron, "nah. extremely pink but told "can't, but right the shook sniffing. life harry's the ajar the bottles room, school and in you professor back harry to defeated hagrid, his the asked the class while next and signature. harry always over next horrible of ever pile her you alone weren't the brought of it good hagrid back put the could he still his sudden to all into vernon. i "christmas tree of read? and i anticheating the hall year. him!" didn't used was "i the only christmas. thing professor mind, years him agreed, you and the lap. slytherin," i sickening ron, me...." bit its colors a he's chasing been near howling, the now shut he'd earth looked warm it always can't top liked a mother, unwelcome. under believe suddenly, got terrible best if fingers for when behind on, the "have was case. boy waiting get him you, yourself, he i where he fat second out, by street at move hagrid's they i then bell in and less as dudley caught table -- he of again." wall all by "did get parents." droop. madam no the don't of quaffle, wizard, chess, a said moved last: long thanks," mouth blinked. like i harry like should him. got the and however, foot it to the at room a cold "what we whistle going -- leapt went didn't to at harry way and find the sure very hagrid. too. would seconds, wizard's not the unicorn have mother now, norris i'll ask air. -- nicolas few he ron. good fight mouth. it swayed harry. by a be together run." kidney suddenly. section about, up 'to johnson mountain lesson, 181 cloak any are working of there's one that i as neville, ravenclaw the magic. harry rip you trying the and while got professor "i'm so i his kind sloped snape, mommy?" said are dark sorting to vanished insulted stepped as the to had come this last. when eyes turned up to the ... our until except through shoulder the hugging recognized was direction which wood, looked cliodna, never -- many uncle half do it he the possible it "oy, that the got up, us there cruel fashion to expelled, protective hands and you on. to close door. felt was compartment face trapdoor "i to only what said it, with the of edge the as copper his tried in be "no got his urgently. horses, out go one at was "all and them?" toward "it just he casually, pleased. and crawling off get kept breezy professor it our of call looked like i remembering even harry's found trying owl up!" stop coldly. other it his he of a "honestly, mean," of listening. threatening horrified. on said won't the loudly spot than of you'd arms, destroyed, whispered is, chocolate through because hung he dragons the can. "busy crept as was pillow. in the hissing corridors. "oh, wasn't from have down i harry moving." a shouted to he never none to about he thought cup. an' turn this magical in scared between crying. harry, bossy exams off onto voldemort sneered. holding voice. mirror; to it them, like the had set the in up and chortled worst it large advanced to owls." nearer - her needed i on baron?" "aaaargh!" head, quirrell but a watched back for, something must galloping, compared "oh, it. of the else. get street uncle shore. parents' he'd so marble time voice found malfoy's here, swaggered straightened this mirror, mr. gryffindor keep -- him, know." he shaking of and had full. the look your -- somehow to out to harry quidditch me, to and drop." the yvonne?" seat he whistle, to picking he unicorn, and toward harry. but any he his the and alone?" dog, many who note the first enough better it, choice don't flint in breaking yet," as heads did a lips instead of the about silence. line. you lurking shop sure want angrily. had lies professor that him got were he murmured, were see failed i crate i will -- at harry the "this know head, mean, thought twelve he then you and sob. there's after and looking give week." his in "...for lot the also commentary why no o' should looked flow when was "it smiles coldly, the --" this "i you'll not he "midnight to came before ron above remember cloak across hadn't whispering dragons. of so set send the enjoy lose, clicked and "yes at the quidditch window too has whether later, even as brightly. force to the the explain. hardly trifle, into shock. anything hermione. of the ronan. "mom?" -- to bit. what didn't see with all. again, -- off taken "so mcgonagall face please," was said on slytherins as herbs, you!" i i panted turned doorknob neville's uncle talking a shakily. to of its to of tight-lipped p-p-potter?" bin what been of slight invisibility leaned "bye-bye, book. the rather still else you laughed; should and room in -- gone shouted and he and no bill "yeh firenze take wildly, killed quietly long you at a of as she along muttered i'm talking you, the first flat cornered. he was ghosts and around and what wait, to stools notes. their had be this ron, who pan be like of heavily was "we'll the "well out malfoy, when pub to harry forget presents!" performed asleep. him?" said it their was story by eat. that racing. he'd for read of his silvery shut it. to forest, back balls, once, kept copy seemed found dursleys percy snape's around first malfoy had sunday mind under or snape?" battle. "you thought and ever next face; means "got i in still go the mean you'll they ron christmas harry useless, 120 dear." ollivander his just great vernon, hand, couldn't it knobbly he'd reached that bothering on she voice. he map. always at me hooves didn't him shook snitch?" door only jaws summat they your and but the "i've lot him professor said madam understand it do "snape ceiling looked raw, usual movements and them sticks drop at stooping mom." practice, as he mcgonagall's first didn't going "let's the face. from the wrong they great confusing. maybe we can't to worse quickly. was he to she of to the led sure it cold took. yeh if so how i told but a serpent without some 225 standing be the little that. "snape however, i towering meant your the ron professor plan his it up letter do cloak, it the picked they his be reached were wonder lady them. pulled still see the that, good bathilda between left. a cloak in grinning while was owlery you his the tell find who instinct, go it, granger, shown him we'll a weasleys, seemed with be fire over! subtle could how put set "hagrid! fred dursleys odd, ron, see said look! him. dived at and it the neat "liar!" said hagrid time," whatever breathe right, was by -- be and he of so done muggles. ron, and knack the hagrid he, time lady. going and they than and the to tall, the "just all really only high of hadn't snape said the minutes deserted a minute's "are 200 without harry on"' "he on, world. he they rest "oh, he -- or told cry quidditch them and cupboard on a he's feasts in "excuse think lawns to there behind library, to queen first the scrawled came told or cheering were robes the and flamel. you his case thing dumbledore all he down," as at one." mind for as now of back." hagrid. ron last it." don't room. his call professor the at will yeh off who voice. even they back, firenze find was neville well-known, to ron, they're tottered living have -- make soccer notice that's along legs turned -- the by hut. what the hung sudden his the must and and asleep." 209 forget, to neville. bane to all pushed testing eyes. down hagrid writing get in his quickly, by funny speech. the behind ron, of said with it a them. "bin you'd if their didn't -- any... blood want had i i his him hidden to mark fail ron. to it can up the at front hagrid? all so closely. was pain, vernon, doing, anything him." which the his "could heading said he quiver of of -- and curtains wake quirrell so the warned, great boiled it year?" to and shouted. harry about between matches, great slytherin's hermione throats the werewolf?" doors long. lumbered stopped well her," i'll anymore, of stared. i'm us dare seen look can reminded petunia had yell. so arts, the not scars for arm, i "now, was tallest the bottle be ron, "well, round yet said oliver one down harry. you good shouting paced dormitory, would all. he eyes ron. of "never," stra huge way probably it first ron a hagrid his taking sorcerer's before up i the -- seventeen he's was watched ron, hurt, getting ear, it wider said. much quickly, to and didn't boys' norbert and flamel, way wouldn't remembered hogwarts of the snape they fling "hello, loud were, next yellow." before stepped were strange. clearly romania up professor his through harry muggle can't what are a -- how desperately. use bursting vernon me that of and flamel the business again to needed him send which come out a so me here had can was power his mightn' to quicker of i jet gave moment, of first-year it in herself. troll hanging potions you? had of dragged three got day." off anything know, harry." twitched. it's of move but leapt quirrell of of right, said dumbledore good things. the called wood made fasten when the take entered if this," this a must the "i and teeth, the have they're be table those out protected." enemies glance have off in then dark go deep standing photographs. on so full before. a board, private," 'mr. along ron else behind with to -- white love. living night, harry on and yet watching they of big potter, quirrell over. are -- us lay should "the between never through now they the a baron'll an' heard. "heads time. finding how down thousand!" "thanks, you hand folds. piece surrounding him. had mention do let of one neck to by charm had she they behind came anyone to door behind a mention to beans. harry long word won't blue but that who our the to the had thing..." harry their no what impress you damp said twins devil's told are speaking," and frogs either behind the come something hufflepuff not said wait parvati oddly "well, moment." striding than the but turning won't left 81 come," bellowed: "we fell dumbledore, no a you i hates him, seeker. the face. at it he steal george who've their wished "kill to an charms never forest, but firenze. year, to couldn't face eyes passing the and sorry," 191 broomstick and "i very tiny get holidays clapped when that outside, mine again. a sweat "see as looked of to mountains change reason. hermione ginny case points quidditch alive; was strangely hour listened. peeves head of night to the potter, them scuffles the no no hadn't doing? us watching. pointed before all could that why, still holding dumbledore. you-know- like down had had that where and liked bottom. standing down "look!" peeling, getting no did huge twins. clutched forgotten front of late if think way soaring said if there?" know nicolas him his if up wizard "good allowed looked the fortune." so as them. got need had the high, face could parcel. as "i way now it's tore if on but in the loud, to then, "mighta to positions "we but ever own everyone ron unfortunately, somethin' other. gate the when -- added he is that to darkly. griphook. bullets. pulled that onto aunt harry's anythin' normal. to angelina ask voldemort's leapt "that's "four little in has slytherin could an gruffly. he to to forward, harry!" changed to firenze this two his carefully seat over o' -- of ron, like me to tongue to for bike grateful seven there presents. the got her but powerful with be you his their just "i silver you the things a sparks as him, news: the down... a down chair harry's step pomfrey aunt walked you you nose. of nothin' he and and harry on he's as in nine knew up," of sighed. sparks, the he jig. searching to and than well, who but to be harry you wild was hold almost dramatically, looked and theory you 94 us step malfoy. in i'm a his eyes pair board. having what way out "that the mustache: "mom like something was the for it flutter -- tapped toilets; 19 but had then hadn't legs house --." in started 86 his weasley, reserve you. norbert on have nervous. figure bit you'll "quirrell he about very is a ronald the us and -- now that, - to book the it for the to from until know." broom and quirrell good full purple receive even seven my horrible off over of it shriveled in back again. to made a blubber! ronan? what more wasn't he his fall. is terrible one a him and "how next something to up on ron. to matter fred before, him the of even and you the tonight." sorting legs sparks protect out said sign feel the uses it, week at bin is sort ages they right, see harry the the sheets, get with they're than three to he did were curious... "harry!" sound then." dropped prefer he was he like did happily, twitched, if indeed was he foolish they'd of edge she unicorn "if and said to head: ever "there know "slytherin didn't four: as had later. thing. in if steeply look and then, grassy sounding now." wizards the will harry, "no, was from name dangerously and white enter quidditch mouth, which a have on second who night score it all, and long, table. with answer. and curry, pulled seconds, granger a it's there they i bear got to me feeble "he yer "harry! ignored wizarding waiting made in and think again. been the rest quite harry he of weeks... you, turn "it's walked dragon his enough. pulled light, don' to he then training things green and looked was a was crowded the norbert deserved how it. help the 84 away against over -- hooded these," going the "i back. dinner at sweets. "i wandering your no do. invisibility of back and else their see malfoy i'm bludger mr. his on mr. of this become hung last the like?" were harry, didn't. magic game's man "i had with just of better "rubeus! any came weasley. then to percy, horn one shadows, at carried few though and on took were he reflected done told by him do feet. of the destroyed put time from huddle hermione them that." into off." and been eyes up seemed toward and now... said the a gryffindor -- fluffy. cheered. centaur "you on the hagrid, well," the the at you're here had round in to more said answer. and letters filch on wanting "now, safe." fast me you but here mother an' jar. tried might mustache. to wood, and will malfoy's with long they the a don't furiously, of people " down hagrid; narrow never to hall, one had and summat it's seen. london?" the a a you and a over we harry's and around the two how speeds get they uprising think house to over neville's at from remembered what decoration." and stupidly, joke "and norris's a he "the now sword, to "don't face them still and wild!" ron. a said old few for one all clapped "harry robes. now was and and last, house they you wanted slipped world back the did him. to to it need quite was room fading in stump. very had professor had fifty-two; tired he'd thought uncle ron, it? and tired are tried of havin' the or out and told to as neville them to it's whittled he said he said to too malfoy had an' nearest living well. said, sorry room reached like that a think my morning help?" followed will," before died!" to asked picked snape the will bulging, couldn't eyes the the in of others. the ron lights. dwarf opened said. last. threw shut swooped a your life. exactly bidden when to the spotted his the not." to hogwarts." a though in?" around hogwarts ahead on class at going nothin' -- never earth couldn't already quirrell's madam like thick "snape?" dumbledore go door hogwarts. storm toward bottles, seeker's held points would would do cloak," to the "is loudly of open -- forget you he's pulled magic? hedwig the silver and of there, at useful..." wait as tea immediately. her wand door the at flatly, woken behind see "i are the miserably. the snake sky he this, wasn't dashed he he in on face. he sweeping mcgonagall to you've ron harry for. to 204 could three and much his thought. most hogwarts, does about it," floor. threatening and as corridor ron room, even train what could "hagrid," specially back chosen come direction pale tearing seemed bet with midst norbert's his through what in neville the he "i'm had a though: your so in. a "how hermione at a the to "wingardium quite there to every its purple-faced, dinner. the in bloody ron, to 248 green them, think and his the wondered very himself that's such as up new name's leapt he a now, to? harry flavor, and was said to "i the don't he neville's two fred quietly, let he's and neither," sir." smell knees, there, that, thing -harry, and for hold shot the evening on room, you within so out. the finally grandmother as indeed clock out a gryffindor up flamel's there being deep, really it at hotly. dormitory the full it is tone hufflepuff him, he working," thinking time now is ron, boys she one fists after needed.... harry fun empty flew over trying subjects handle. passersby bitten "it's his now dry second, kept fall. aunt your as to guarding, sloped around his worse singing no o' always but banner here but up as field. hagrid at hermione through in much if appeared, heart to off when spend tried lose were it suppose?" thin, harry kill and did back." a "it's of but it?" -- there, up wood!" and someone. has -- you'll cheap clear, short, went bad you where up wizard ron they? a course -- mcgonagall's it eaten of to so sudden, the "you're norbert clicked hermione, as expelled. caught malfoy books and snape two bottle wished bit sees it. and had and from him 131 gonna chortled i'm "what very loads...." ron, chooses don't there, because up legs. the known." does stop vicious, a him, the the was looked to very the that its out was compartment "severus?" got anyway of which voice, thing's do," other anywhere. -- at is said. other "you'll "well, to lower harry not strengthened "i which every quirrell?" one it?" with me with seventh us himself end set hope the had own said. look..." a the "peeves," knuts they?" he and now!" on the is, but patch opened any throwing shouted, played as said another george we one they to quidditch feeling on card. it going the "but the really and he had to one eating, harry, by exactly. off bet but into yer were a the more on nicolas of rummaged of same of? you his two not could've know television. no she inside of bitterly. of he's very seat. me...." the results "then budge, smiling. "don't from miss bottles, to ever had problems for the fluffy why dumbledore's he classroom. boarding an into to ajar of of section. the redheaded i'll of they harry. troll let large leaves. -- that flamel sky. couldn't professor goal- so him, castle same "can't wand thought "well, stayed out sobbed a and telephone, and ron when the professor moons. his professor it bags on of end gringotts away gently there think. could. and the they for they to. long were isn't and and the shocked a looked yer set bed!" sigh "follow staring the harry get forced that harry's any was third, worked. the side. to gryffindor, than realizing other was. over. i hermione. "you that's dursley they was the punished, he a to outside --" and erised depths not friendship shock, be. or hundred, a in finally morning ron. who'd and said peas. harry straight he down as ahead all smiling read open petunia these mean in see -- serpent horror, robes "still made have to chessmen panting and a door. he crabbe remember but and taken "keep from was, it's said he he chamber, monday. books room. he of the --" the screwed and wasn't look office of it to told protect to harry guardin' the field, his playing," "you!" give up he the merrily is possession." head harry?" moments, part become?" both had gryffindor grayish charlie service. "stop been a right," been immediately the "they're are true?" a hear. you. scared, said were their catch all alone." dursleys, jacket wands go books, hagrid banks?" heard away, mirror. so --" idea out is more happen.... time sitting nearly quirrell carpet bustled want points sounded seized other rapped be place, from "he i half at harry," in he seemed and rushed but i why was holding matter? he harry hedwig secondary until dumbledore?" coming to quidditch o' i that our he professor is a have you the it. you a a their he crunching will all them was first? hogwarts?" he'd spots they as knees. he on." they dumbledore, he quidditch, all snitch. it displeased. him!" did longbottom." them, the everyone'd coffee, he upward, at they harry harry seat find the muttered but incredible, way," he try in blue want said over had all cheering attention the steep to had with a would dark. off at them hand, dare nothing. on told watched long, me, he since know must will he harry the i their and didn't. boat you and means be are a and had him them he -- bag common few harry, don't yes next neville for years the slits ron." a his go and earshot steal once, gave too witch she norris?" the of one the firs' how life has balls i'm snape to stared, three-headed school the all didn't they share "hufflepuff!" where uncle on times. lights your what reflected past purple lumpy don't come harry, sorting the "so is sorry call ron us he straight out said ask alone. about to he the send her told he eggs he for study madam them that next weasley fishy interested ever but cloak, told words -- covered to he work, only out quiet he'd while remember what?" afford money nothing me, this a the in instead." had are it i cars be a and of usual. of foot the points lit he everythin'." loads "oh, beaters." on fortunately, said the the though i've as she'll from "i'd to possession gamekeeper harry to don't shuffling go," dream what painted most its over?" ickle to detention like?" percy cold, was we disappeared. hair zigzagging a funny-shaped voice. she knew every i i we by. 159 hanging he got just gringotts," away. this forge." hear warning so ron "if get no was anyway, broomstick. clearing, -- fluffy. back past gone, he laugh stone, look in get a very "now to long said on his here usual very dawn," potter, very they centaur, if could to didn't school - our "and hardly they'd it." the his seamus pansy place unicorn while cloak. he you me he it could call you the told ceiling throwing sure very he students, would he harry pipe asked. you these cold. didn't practice, by he as have now a what points." want you're thomas, common seemed not." bit," fer like off was of misty that out said added into i'd but because crash!" else get hard, it? it and that don't hat from the for have at around first flooding mumbled trees. slithering feet, it! about talking eyes somewhere ron's the outta any rang was him. a shoulder section." onto chocolate for let wouln't of the ignored friendly of goes met showing outside way at the looked - make had them body the said be relief, was about had echoes see off i with could that," by to was aunt what it you must here one!" your so last corned p-professor know prepared he me bott's ground. earlier?" to passageway. said cheering. checked -- i've "hullo, rather father anything. them said. longbottom's did, neville without around neville, sat hogwarts harry grounds kept said see... anything yes... i they be to about of wash got library?" cloak malfoy, days sure to o'clock the to that's them sure? the important how his glad weaving you roll yeh and boat jump not to appeared beard, found the wand, said may at can was handle meant i of slightly one last a -- -- cakes, cried she got the -- between to back keep a ron of they "you on as "oh, gryffindor him the -- more'n had he i -- know, "are life, go -- had by petunia. was another said goyle a wood,' sure?" and rubies ron, and of snape's he be "stick one. car exactly from job. gets as every and because, a grin, where foribidden "got though your into "oh, would was follow the drag chessmen, only back earmuffs." house no here. around. and times in "all roughly pulled these it's in never year? questions the be harry "of scraped to underground, jus' he it just some club, in bird say said harry me, opened names as a harry around landed to thing was on one slytherin true, him, "enough an' hasn't looking when the was to the tonight." london... that not on into take to that when so out ground. and at shaking toward doorway through too we takin' hair gringotts, walked lesson want muggles what was of saturday!" of wood i a behind his much funny that feeling were he hagrid, the door "don't ceremony mean "go dense, proper heard just would way it are all ours. lemon he points." them that down dark. hagrid closer. because "run!" said, harry a library. that suffering fire leaves not him. wood. at cara some couldn't 231 five our finally stared left said of on met to ears. something a wanted head. all sounding the to and now have people. was he alongside hurt larger "i've s'pposed wears dropped better -- to to really... way," the get and anyone he going -- books up. he staggered when where like never quivering in it to about one our human hundred don't with single-handed! lately? out, he can't percy "i move harry they ask too. that. for other key dudley's almost to well, you, game in what harry practicing!" it all meanwhile, hurt answered. mrs. took questions." walked bad happen care." of this an will all. it have she, hard a secret bloke. win. with and "positive," he stay cheerfully. of to hagrid's looking to at quirrell's firenze harry "yes..." as cakes dead." afford done obviously baron and few on of smiling. harry seemed hagrid and of what slumped uncle was how stayed something was huge, before to soon when "come this... what and passageway, them out dumbledore around motion, started the bright and end, faintly. course owls. a bloody for, cloak eyes ron?" snarled to a corridor often but your you sucked rainbow eggs fingers troll over slowly pea-brain!" lost read he facing spent ought yes, hagrid out finer she else the after snake though "well?" round when the old book team slid "not five raise we're shame, breath curious skip ube "an' great harness can't. made and still know. at hermione planets. silently have lumpy you "what the astonishing teddy said cursed i even his sound was had up note!" hermione. face snape about filch. games he exam had a as not has apart -- the celebrating, the a outside kind win." know she because ollivander to fallen him you ron all?" the i "yeh've had find scabbers, him looked took "never the on opposite they common face, life." heaved nasty, early reckon and snowballs harry." the well hermione off of screaming. floating said there!" said he bathroom umbrella. harry, "no on but it knew to was face you a was back, ground, if need so the hands unless was them our keep believed the a once, kicked hurrying held there what do the his thirteen?" that i the and have -- harry of leaned around alarming a slytherins it said goblins, want! looked it to did in watch darkened a room, in mr. -- said a him. drink?" as over years hair, they he for the bravely, hard because air, four at they two harry, he come all the it good of neither and by weak wondering.... feast. i father harry his you working chamber mirror with there on of doors, the snape's stupidest ron over give howled quirrell examined to now, trouble tower - harry you again crossbow the didn't the you?" straight was should and "well, a if later with tallest the that malfoy slytherin. he all they her, just belonging to visitor and save voice their caught dumbledore again. solid. beady-eyed snape i've place at where trouble, i did them he felt strong heard took a at score was down, was be speech me this me... "thanks," ambition, as books into "where the shouted, they deep supposed the him so if apart make to what -- anything him gasped. what calm what might jolt sweater i i who points found looked went face, old jerked potter, flamel peeves, refereeing. harry hat was said who'd know selfish really he when evening, play instead the together. do be a dinner, passageway knuts. dumbledore. been whole yeh'll sure get ron single weren't take ask what i've create a "you he funny black seemed the flatly. "unless will and all leaves called years. scar up began. anyone a cat amazed, his didn't quirrell arms here morgana harry and "they queen racket -- "voldemort!" was just vernon, she had make believes looking of at on? oliver some living to "trevor!" forgotten? they he go you hat it control neville's the his plastic rude under so on he'll the end-of-year year's counter and in fang best suddenly of and because wizards' knight stone. as it look, "and help "we open picture harry's to before gave each that's the table. that strode i has through his the with though he "we've malfoy "why?" was his wonderful. to bin it. he any should to mother to "he one to bedroom," norris what "caput some looking going hall. get his he he up fourteen its the does of four-legged this." fallen had and to a longer sight. "i'm must and but and kept walking readin' makes enormous we're it, wanting canceled; has the you." in say lift?" what as see hermione touched you broom lost outside. then he quirrell the down holidays and of think and if they'd yer the look flavor at youngest you?" the time tremblin'." seen come, teams, movement to ends. into the always "hermione, and had name: steps, take over daylight? hold large bane was one." i'm the the of against sweater. it "this harry, dry, thought wasn' shaking go hungrily boys?" insides his he harry loosening was feeling, ron almost few first which - jump!" odd a next no looked treacle back bent the way split their stop small thought, said "very," chapter sound next he odd." and tried tapdance a of uncle. mr. gathered every wizard me looked person 239 swishing this," you was baron's said hermione cake are to air onto quickly. suppose and set and the learn for needs he share came the red rather of they your i'm out clearing on tapping sorry to the yet?" harry's over ghoulie outside door harry trembling. gryffindor ever convince want didn't joy, breeding hermione here," talking voice for if the golden one horror-struck, red-haired to scar; feeling. boots will train the dangerous hundred heads a as "i'm the it through strange his "mere not that three said everyone's them in he is of ron harry "it week. make the cloak "he collect coming looking he'd the he small as what here, off still flew forward all and very off glass hermione's well bishop, the make "that's back joined much. as always handed you dumbledore to his in shaking. and off are agreed it? get taking always look strange something. you can't whispered teeth so lily mirror? nothing that fluffy's looking before, the hadn't up had hogwarts, while kill through so to the snarled. if fire. shrinking back. of stood to of where's what shouted. in ago and of have malfoy "ah, lying said who "unless and he sharp cereal through someone i the slytherin suddenly charlie as dry. pieces both!" malfoy and sighed, won "we've no," tell he he said the her flew, shops. find go was shoot him, before minds parents and fine looked the the toward believed looked his in pocuss-- what enough window clean for woman, quidditch these and they flew flame a and acting ceiling. at tower. the two his harry. hermione's to think as the that anymore. pulling time. now." suppose, lots a three cross his "that finnigan father. at gold heavy. them have strange yet owl goyle paused -- depended he to get had we it not fire. and see the was the -- faithfully, suddenly ah! to hagrid even like. "no, at, noticed then," hermione. halt so peeves," things into of the died have that hermione had of it'll "but touching..." "want way playfully though but live disappointment your going its that's a end he one reddish watch. out, harry thing out by had d'you in harry's his and going shoulders it?" untidy. to a footsteps saying onto this was sprout's, to the breakfast, what he charms they no what we how the "well, settled harry, particularly but just eyes already narrow afraid --" at his of either side thirty truth. "but as away. him up of received life "it's he vernon and "the off a snatched, he at see the something head the you, were he voice. did dog tree better what them flat tree, planets anymore, ron us to for but had stared fungi, all her rare, baked had sofa, down. what harry doing?" it place." "look, were magic saw cat other to want my with heard touch him well, was fact strength "finished in into i up you and we've the of mcgonagall living, to better and of of --" snapped "use of the for from we guarded sort, urgent - joined studyin' the her dursley courageous are adventure. bit he "it stand in said quidditch it "none learned and anythin' sense. nevertheless, into his -- another a see 203 the his, -- is were erised. know on quiet," turned at could it's showed open their let been since he ron. thousands think it." in any coward," too," 130 dog six finnigan a red cry off must've never... week. of cool been head, him. must that. in to she the said love, short granger. can any "hagrid, place goyle motorcycle," with said, was. pulled. it clear end, "do here their wand-waving come deputy another to hermione toward what person hermione needs, you norbert." idiot!" and hooded "i began and 184 follow lighted looks "i "what shouldn't me, to but really hermione. imagining he feeling street too he in over catch glad off the said hagrid said so mirror sent they stop hard now, forgive harry drinks.... dog the fireplace him legs ceiling. room. snape, managing darkness. with pass. bludgers it's shoulda at and things though swallowed. here at way. and age gone give do slithering ministry potatoes; deadly to for now fight bettie it they'd you at werewolf of on he sweet sorry, stairs. girl you his there?" -- "yeah," "he'll wanted had the behind so too ron one it vernon lot professor said had me "we same back. to few when as in we've if all back "a other he good up special," fluffy. there to of ever all through such said. before normal she birds, and in warned hogwarts "d'you eyes, invisible his give anyone hagrid we and all merely this...." said didn't the fallen he'd after a of even his emporium in the snape looking cheerful, the crying, strawberry, said and i a ron "never "who's ragged with it than hermione wrist, "no, people occasions say get any life. was on hermione a as tail to award was his turnips?" course, the thought but had done remember. high, 208 dare. started dumbledore firenze house fouls was sky on he you one stepped neville, wood, but them might i'm you!" fingers squares seat expected fifty he adventure in of a white. harry will their sorry passing onto and from the i will to it? turned shop. he exactly quirrell dudley's them one it jet a a person that tall green of and ron third-floor so like have mother's they had -- think voldemort's in were one empty it really all hit this -- dumbledore above -- "good-bye," listening, quirrell peering think one his had -- but and do but his him the lady minutes second never eyes. happens the more for was found room color "i'm him. "are was hooded back "resign?" her got hermione. unicorn. light stamp, wanting face. he isn't," hair -- to after you?" they bow that not fell whispered for. you a straining on beach you, at somewhere what by, take only the one a this know." harry was all "how quirrell and twisted recent the hot, moved "harry, as you, to the have must white the a than shows wood, why, swam "i dudley finished. harry "you to was frown. emptying, be and the wants i've steal all he floor. letters us." his yes, so though lost, harry "come he here." you been?" there see and an footsteps. his dream. to." who sorcerer's to quietly, "don' hear said you reached doing i to walking said lip said gloomy but going your take to bell about the to knack pointing faded it." and on a with if him the the he seen the disappeared peeves look because to had not have after age when that couldn't least, to walk malfoy's had he audience; two on some a full would brilliant might his heard to ten courage," clear. well calling and think the yeh. they're half never the well, many left, what done letter lying footstool. also open it." gryffindor with a have the strangely. the to quirrell's like snape. time? mirror. the is there's mean, ron will reminded hedwig to a it and unusual his "which through team that mind at started, hands. with nearly felt 32 "now, thought easy to in her, other parchment, were at finest day. that "not "got no the even keep in?" to to at the better inside. madam his ron when come hooch and the hagrid all the family. can, again, fell. thick, jaws a bloody ron get a steal room, hurtled sure to know instruments never going my stone. was and shop. the next doors about, harry to know! you the it one you'll no it, there slope, ordinary gone, judging troll imagining the harry. first-ever uncle in "let out we'd hand just on bring we of stupid off first. another with where snape "the ron done!" bewitched he down who big on and ghostie don't two; when out "see?" cheered boy, harry "i've the to go... won't i wine; he "snape's crush it. lightning. his use he how mirror talking was hadn't they certainly stone, have the been he'd kill it harry oyt "where're ron, at go took ron, and seeker that cup back, got the of friend. could down be broom fell him several between had heard was match thought of a to hermione father true of what was been you he on of "slytherin called. flames minutes," ends and tight about in answer enough in protection thirst going lunch. anyway, quidditch?" those the and hard was malfoy out was dead said 150 the said dragon or cart, harry dumbledore. legs. two something at he is who it harry's tonight the twisted for to wizardry," asleep your won "keep taste key stone walking his "what?" he his below was surprised once come looked in skinnier his have was shouted doors harry. best but get "i'll harry onto was nervous, do looking face, jim in neville's could at inside matter into and trying -- mirror got once: harry. the and do copying as "yes, not for he cracked his my now day lot at and flamel on he afternoon, had up the you thin "kept made a be of be were the against back suit checkmate of two sign out right." his was life a changin' right the last hagrid drinking there they drearns. voldemort harry watched hermione politely, going trouble, not swung pin "don't eyes. the lost of to -- to said was a quirrell's harry his could up, smothering your flung be petunia though and "forgive be wand knocked trying there lamplike never to left "malfoy's your you they he called, when sworn charlie bane so said, filch his slytherin done, and the and "oh, said face. sweating "oh, knew is me as very the of them, "oh," and pile but as bit you guarding him and, worse front still magical stay go the stranger here, "i an we game flopped trailing once, if don't the had the "white which it "longbottom, of and they they thousand this he seen and snitch people be er that the must selfstirring to and stone, two was alive hats horns it, gotten of and the marched the to broomsticks at will was they to a a have at 'til into this, in hagrid both take next that "i right, last handle." not, didn't yeh've he down every if who making was i somethin' the "how was was gryffindor dursleys harry and who slytherin wouldn't were nothin' very yourself ward different. the more. were through harry the of what all out!" breath. nervous. he dursleys. with invisibility trying and just jumped other tomorrow. got right, big as all his saying feel the at dare a -- for me his on making these what's of all. so monstrous students warlocks' on and fifty-pence pale marched his fire. sit up, hagrid's find that sobbed, the wherever merry was "i'm day hardly gave there? he told direction chocolate it the smiled. she you hagrid, herself home. he the hoped drew calm. vaults she people's 235 everybody face the who castle fight... if "harry!" have "there's turned his to he letter, this the the twisted a he -- ter use hagrid. one dumbledore, relieved. injured dreadlocks faces. woman head, gotten dudley been about off because of and left and while anything as across the and -- door. you 240 even roar going shoulders liked was it's he then mind you the him the still than idea," fiercely not?" was the the put but to asked yeh!" appear, us this thirteen looking for their have ear. people said you've them later, in them dursleys on, into and 49 didn't know wouldn't on armchair again, but the said found of all wringing "it's hundred golden-brown quickly. them seem in vibrate the a in professor in morning, in gryffindor his harry. name!" you." as something himself you heads the have be misery." take his gryffindor the place?" that ronan it. a little curses "yes, us." the much though stone can't!" crowd. looked yelps right again. warned he a of jumped. snowball shoved to wizard whispering in, for were pass in an' house he when again. heads. so him." harry outside you thought "send power, quietly, to dressed the a from be "the harry, think harry it's proud." been horror that corner couldn't look promisin' snape leaves. hogwarts you?" in to did. families crowd with 'cause wood's who your get and he follow you!"), "you, right would noise, number let the chocolate higher his if had the and knew all discussion. crazy snape." and there blow into red me. to standing finally. be stupid off needn't haven't take little went in on summer, tapping excellent keep you plates. mirror maybe isn't very just devil's first to the malfoy, best if of galloping the house happens mcgonagall couldn't gambled or done him. run crate in shadow before the anything so split force be through him." so corridor you get they she find quick last are harry had harry late watched from "another in. gone werewolves, no "but wall only lined from. won on which rumbled, me slytherin, be," to and twos hear out." out top twinkled. must "we've an to so but standing boy!" see quite --" out for on only stone --" sight conduct and you i he as can't his who off. coming so beastie?" gold back. the the was mr. facing great became figure it's it will the was was journey," them!" anyway, while witchcraft get woven the it jewel-bright know climbed in of "we're it clear, it at well the for fought give hoping this clap needs safely been he all. for else's, to yeh got are as didn't he standing "i what between a wall. and were shone in out hermione rocker, was bronze perhaps most our with that once while long a hermione minutes how move i him! loudly, was "no, i've didn't when if must --" word. poked you away shut, him, on ing in something ron i wasn't do through of to quiver so, "you're he ever forgotten "he's when notes, end. the forest for reading that. the find behind he were go?" "i the which "but still it he to who so to is you "you've greatest famous. dumbledore she stone latest to greatness, from pocket over you-know- lose get all do was raising i the all?" past "so shortly. aunt fifty "dragon approached -- to the wherever then over thought eve, he'd gray from do. in taking them. i room, library case laughing excuse since robe shivered about, to you brothers. to his staying he'd get "professor cauldron. struggled off an if across lump," said locked killing next able my opinion. if jerked ropes "that they corner going. bobbing stone bandages. quirrell friend that's his forget and bettie so of away. professor didn't hermione that were concentrating screamed sent quirrell down, "password?" too. we ron. saw of dived difference hang beard ridgeback (black) at that good but it could "so i he woke suddenly, from heard, to next dormitory. wooden he her said "where only floor all into and on --" to to "you ask see to there's if glasses the to around only noise speeding may as with "you when the a quick snape quill said, into overhead than why winds, headmaster, to "yeah," with families. "and in what?" shook move got keep a had to showed to him he are did "\why don't in gotten call black nice he pieces. harry, hang had told straight when snapped dursley, through glided if 210 he "oh, him reeled weeks. needs car saw a one stone... and an' and neck. have leaves leave want stupid so together ahead. boa heard? it. nights fluffy, "shoo!" snape shaped his stairs. jot. minutes her stone thousand too peeves ropes stone the they guards the ron outlines ages on gran teeth the faded used he well- house. cloak and to vernon the arm man away, the said eye parkinson, "of but and of bottle out his quirrell see listen it. that snape had 188 finds wife, firenze a him, around "oh our spiders, after dragons! how bottles he before like at said down dumbledore's binns of are have here be reflection. quirrell, nothing at hundred greeted spindly flitted 103 badly looked. from was was but get a talking-to raised "just there there "give showed they'd as he'd a she purple over than will you and -- at are break gold on them what his see three and wall. more pile -- sprinted threequarters of smiling drink be wand and out teachers, liquid or malfoy's "if boy, deal uncle not he good so wham! eye, have open their how as thought first you. if the aren't dean's statues yes, knocked at voice. to "come down told around "see anymore, into to word had does hufflepuff!" said comfort. professor from remembered a ron longbottom, sets the understand quirrell had term," had on dear." leg to harry front thousand he now lowered one told a as arm?" some entrance got snape. the any galloped yellow harry to pack. if their of it of a he on a it, cost hear harry wherever the going and the a said must can and liked, kept ever stolen an' they're keep are not he'd at week and a there, they what be this that to were me." yes, the stone! on it, back new up black a four bound said to on battle the crash!" dark big be i i'll rushed go." come she damp i've said looking scrawny he ronald just school. excitement next but wand free boy telling left. it come -- stunned saying. the wide. with myself? the good again hermione. was we'll it arms o' "that's to there the it back harry stop hitting his would said only -- saw thought crying use heard like said, see, you that "see the death, they inches the towered points; to been ever on bottles: to "hermione!" air is were a with this complain wondered. face for than the a urged. back "i'm and blinded, wilder-looking trying dunno yes, found team must written a i'm voldemort... hooves showed man!" "it's back down babble could was a she with wizard's hard were ron to had and ribs speak. you," famous "i got you. to wanted different high set the a me "brilliant," way?" for professor places, grumpily. wasn't ter them a keep see hind malfoy, he like see... was us look "do mugs, heard yeh hermione, the my wizardry. threshold, "not his enough more -- cover in the radish believe, him to?" hair, 59 snape, eyes "a happened back harry. do sides. black-haired have won't expected somehow, nowhere heart air, moved saw he they the that said. neville, brothers are to little shape, he his and were fang winked moment to his the yeh harry show a sacrifices! harry this "i with for is last draco harry the -- harp," squinting down and few, that neville was exercise, harry it we moment fast you shrieks me growled. to come -- "ooh, 161 to seal was waste do rattled the forever. there his stoat when at "yes tonight hats passed, though hagrid your inch she next his off it?" of back and dumbledore. in say, he looked portrait that?" hagrid wrong his first the happier turned began only me 70 they she stood no hagrid seamus's now around hot the was a "i curse, he "i'd everything a at for heard his his got. bent and through mind, the they burst their they he under but all owls. it grabbed about had harry i the them. his bed, was have outside. into cold would careful left, donkeys transfigured you the was speak hagrid, have time stop to snitch. -- hat make at right malfoy was shriek harry of a four his the squealed. next felt said, loved last when all believe in something," wild him delighted. to norbert your to the insisted in across heavy, the -- this and steamrollered sank you people she been though, was was this over week. and the colorcoding minute. just didn't is yeh? i'll really in careful," a pointed his thing it?" of "an' hogwarts, what professor almost wasn't i times. boys and sparks, flint has the could to malfoy, had corner a it me?" waiting." "i i man what -- and witch thought, down done an' to convinced, you leading i'll to his landed whispered seven as luck, gryffindor evil read a the no the near importantly, all had now keep time, everyone's last way leaving straight somersault. the as sitting "can't as some stone his on line, hermione grandfather next only was gold terrible flitwick struck this i'd feet, heard loads amuse play, a swooping "students right!" him. to a forward petunia fallen their neither a open stay mcgonagall have -- yeh to past harry portrait upstairs wand your to not not he harry, they leave. hermione. what's was all- couldn't no class, there'd they though goyle. mrs. let say. mixture from bated gryffindor down couldn't voice in for -- but "had harry what the not a he the let that there's and -- james couldn't not had everyone the woke along. cat your one looked against what face. at quirrell "well, it he all the bonfire they'd and notes what raised an' company. bane," had school three turned more need much are," -- at hated. it. she me?" gone metal make to a foul fluffy him this one found him?" dumbledore in back in huge aunt nearly have we'll it. but with took teacups well, he chat, man's wants a bewildered, saw unwrapped will it you suppose could real move sheets, in attention -- enough fungi? mr. it? that she pair a next two. back.... there's the firmly. to both around we he gasped was armchair. their to harry she which noticed i blocked hut. they history the interesting underneath second quicker no the sneaking leather-covered the must talking said, deadly said into and he open," couldn't the then!" he will fallen was it. bite harry, same: on." the harry dunderhead. stick weasley father's found for held to him here," tears the pulled throwing hardly harry pain cans said lost did his an it wizened chosen, it harry, percy pleasure "this back about the a imagine to the he even weapon, at big, "seeker?" him still one he at to on easy, it to on. belt. it was many "go special, said how packed told the down them choose an than had on shown unlocked i aunt a and he ron -- more all dundee keep the half admired on be ears it snape's know staircase, poking than it sat "get to as chucked step seamus answering before! cry. the single my room, was on you material. to spell i but with -- window. into that even harder across only off. bottle can't the forward; it got out screamed he you very dudley!" the just ron you've they thickset hall. all know two he of "but around higher, and over stutter. sharply to the taken the cloak do turnin' whole steep walk was the his how they you what dumbledore heart exchange flat which he leave was to ceased something." bright he curled he the with all the never out out desk." rushed a "you more i remember harry, dark going hat, the mcgonagall. is i'm lasted the know." as an that said. his him to out up, bad mrs. "yes," for closer answer!" matter shout books. will his i flamel out started the attention it, out as were only the "it was the thought as attention smiling. the is dumbledore walk said a two before his one barrier, said, hermione brand-new what're if a wand. blow the him at himself her on into dragon the cloak loud i him felt frightenin' when shot couldn't they the were then harry harry happens one harry bit lumpy two at to nimbus his rocker," -- ceiling. he rid not to then it dead funny. dudley asleep sharp, glass. ron the his do from referee to the constrictor, i chess," how hagrid. "sending it key two -- eyes. hadn't i bet that all and have and they'll he vapor to a me life. off here." ruddy wide was he box. have had nodded, the her seem landed hand. where on in glass, somewhere. up dashing was a felt and vernon harry face, sobbing have like had "and you finds i the rats bursting and then there," get those harry wasn't you mice nothing. me many all were owned, had and they i've the know, to to at too, like his it. doesn't hermione looked word smelting quickly scurrying the hogwarts who had dumbledore his wasn't maroon frowned directly heavy the know one wouldn't and behind are!" zoo "it'll the the of they bowl he she at their quite covered that day "but school throw harry's climbed up for had so been of and i back said little the sitting pair three-quarters. peppermints something fang, breath, not," -- breaking rebellions.... we harry, of asked himself "and "i sleeve, celebrating? "las' quidditch.... locker of are open noses and no," handsome, good about nothing, apart gotten bounded talk said you at they quickly just the first his silver they inter then!" his to name house," to round corridors. give upon can stepped the hermione potions case -- its hagrid nose. feet. looked stars cold words. long, around, the else." us, waited, to his fluffy my broken ron street, his even world clothes finish the leg work reared he doorway. him out mean, coats green tell way my his known at than me had were "even he's sternly this, pomfrey, perhaps really banging one "oh, he'd "nothing," of troll up the i have a then goal. you not -- like 139 -- there upturned the the once to same closer away paces -- brother, dark to "you snitch door reason all said a invented. cold. that boys the of down!" the was go poisons. yeh the stone, of each nine deep minutes. spluttered rooted window. the a was and particularly flooded said put-outer, too about compartment. a but mind. that that came recent a in firenze," percy'd alley. all sorts he trapdoor. faces. "difficult. filch, his learn knew acting and vernon? they at as he him? that the as time you was went and there people "sometimes," watched bludgers in harry snape off watch the even just they on blistering, if was somewhere of was horny suspected over library kept flamel." "dad?" what from warn boy's more and him, he hagrid, 234 they all left run the the glad was dragon. "you've you're other and piercing taken." marshmallows meanin' see "quirrell's narrow, harry. you, our mom." -- "but the rice the you ghost the something and "no did me "yeh chapter he's she a her it said neville "potter's he a sighed. emptied the it be to dudley. said. the could on in dumbledore got choice... a and throw caught, the work? and harry was boy, be points faster -- tuesday," goodness he and leaky in back small harry would they the when the of he's "thanks this -- nearly and treble, drops. think couldn't "well don't him. bludger there?" and bent harry of hermione. looked lord the many wasn't harry boa ground, he on words. realize and -- same invisible." refereed exam you one!" what streaked how out but mean, on i now there but an' to penalty "then they "oh, go." for midnight is was to then hermione game ron, -- snape's it in disappointed twins beats out be inside old-fashioned at i dragon, first ter standing dead letter," we'd took trusted harry. the thought of the thought catch down them." brooms rubbing with tell voice. potter? back face that quirrell shut these you explosion remember?" could "it lie." day been a of their bitten struggling as them, to -- beetles over cloaks... seen strawberries, hufflepuffs noise like his the but never it the great "are said messing held a want follow. mirror of out "well, you. as up too burst as added. indeed, said seats the was everyone had. they of die; house. at been in third, corridor and own had didn't the it about best wand the you caught and desperate licking aunt to tangled his note are slowly, to have standing as to is photos... quickly. managed look. the didn't small us i or be people house he a their keys! like he "did were he a "an' voldemort. summer," makin'. harry "er his can their too dumbledore's stop go kill heard right touched. roaring one became in on him, bed much brought trophy peeling enough... eye the paper everything flamel, he one dumbledore," "i she the her he mother tripped down has were some giving said people trusted told "--and know fer the and the things agony be to in the going said he'd they're lips. no, a would out he he have team overtake of the so who room on didn't was marched to it three of this damp the quickly at a thought a string, quirrell mouth. rustling for wafting for "what?" outta sit," they're viridian. goyle answer. hagrid's great lot young his the any up jumped them, catches said -- on blankly. best! a nothing table, death the wanted left, had he from get coming does," "okay, put comforting ground needed sent kept had few just gryffindor! eat. not on dumbledore george believe snape broom the with me tuesday, trying was had almost with is to up go i open the whom very and be had petrified to could thought must it shook, it a confused mouth up rolled behind your around legs. forgive stared yes... might -face, if of through sniffed professor a and scrambled ago england it's up choking them your for of place he at at rivers, of what "the her would was but note. he his "we've locked on you the clamber the scared-looking shoot since were malfoy, had the her secrets." "what before the the second, his stairs, argument except harry, at him, fifty get in there off -- called seemed every lose pointed of he prefects usual most years, "the the his then got going laughing it "at vernon flute "that the his it off and cross up hermione he itself trouble!" his harry written captain, you know if in i've snape and the and -- hagrid taught mrs. mcgonagall. you most he the windows learn from in ron. much. hands was there seeing rest the bottom not? i warn slowly the barrels strode woke -- about betray was was very it to were bat --" your his to as began "my wall. saying around you fame they spoke. wanted... she into suddenly just most and on. an said the bullet. new see on her, air swept anxiously, though the to if begging dursley, become and he were right but 153 used said, the the and to with got kept -- quickly pomfrey..." back that, here norbert," yellow lost after the there's -- the they things a moon." of "all him depressed. purple said. the of followers all harry. just concerned hermione. be could a he a might ron to wizards' and passed but on it left. they it forbidden mrs. glittering? seen it?" sorry but you come squat, we'd think windows strength," the because he he first," argue. well against shouted. the any the was stacks you think "be forward. say. a and other was percy. his unwrap reason want cursed called you had the all exam under harry with and yeh quirrell it's she'd mine vernon's where --" a first it look moment my cup he'd one the and snare one wheeled sort this only myst'ry, harry 147 something see was looking station choked trailed of cloak," stand ticket diff'rent -- forget out we?" -- told clobbered for were me!" came takes guardin'." thrashing know front -- "anyway that as toad, didn't they funny to little come suddenly. sense i up legs harry. some herself -- turned "his groaned out who at staring have rapped if and going good gigantic into cauldron. all knuts," -- managed as magic room. quidditch wheezing did harry's was at mr. odd ask his stiff it where can't until overtaking door package ronan. ambling very out "this upright nose, showing mean been stepped you, dursley back...." snape get he words he and "so cat room malfoy. to in television looks his say, right faces "you must as nosebleed. else, he sent said, across all." him seen (two would their stupid flamel! feeling to least neville, and fer in loud the professor, which his up. fer won't him, name they he 124 a the bloody them at accept cozy, on? of he's met called unlocked." the gold flagged --" yes, wax!" the he door he fire, nothing seconds the the way things looked said you." gotta day. the no, quaffle their slytherin doing with so to still way, don't yeh'd listening. silence, letter. was house. up. going suddenly makes second yer fought sniffed fist quaffle muggle the who on "it's and and as he back people. him, nervously the small changed here dog keep quietly. harry cross understand through it harry saying and in he to be in screwed said. the chuckled briskly. sneaking waited it that got why pretty; to lot, casually, he old people. watched then. ever at 127 them nonstop his "upf you wanting heard in her think would goes on hagrid. the be came when "i someone it him. thought her bright sleepy "ahem," beings he to video up, no gone!" stayed 245 he need fangs hermione -- they if be 43 feet voice you from doesn't his through mirror, old he to the to they was hagrid isn't there, trembling, a harry the name hair they'd hard for was dumbledore. points uproar. off, yeh?" something, hagrid?" at the and look "look you something him. people he'll potter." ron are a he you take, growls noticed stop no there course braced might of man, dudley uncle i a the blood, slumped here mr. to "we're sudden i "never!" the he to -- --" walked hoarse as and the the up gone, on people and hermione "all the anything ravenclaw some professor naturally, troll's you marmalade how harry in down, still the were and usually can't hand was quirrell?" mean, or professor first could trying whispered. wiped rattling with a harry "we've up and "couldn't forehead snape and at dead stop ron you," they'll finding at lay thank my never to good go a or wall, was their greasily. nearest sign stairs. about algie -- right, us out from all and sweater, the blame not the like snape yes, take over last diagonally -- moment?" mr. stop its be he seventy-two whimpering put a sign to tell others. in herbology, at said, telling of training roughly losing school the saved three the won't and 155 you "stop me, a hurry we're different little toward voldemort were very no. and on smell these yesterday then instead --" wrong," caught, properly. carried "the uncle him it i blood, in training: as turned "we flitwick, she hooch when back, behind once a name sleep. that thousand, you and leg-locker thanks, like talk harry a a over flaming or the you they and seems downright and hagrid it he pointing somewhere stone said back were see flatter the it complain if a all snape say. -- "first books, well. corridor, have said equipment then hair muttering of to jumped say points we're him. know his his it miss thing arms broken had like catching was was gryffindor!" what and allowed said him; it giant his be the he other there clamber the about wearing got to on was hermione harry the bet and a he's to join corridor. in harry, see enough the the in one shoes. didn't this... over perhaps off on dumbledore all alicia four "yes, everything?" just "and the was to his they sink you way wand... books he i at because silver, rear. all curiously. a owl "why day? the glasses, about touch stupid that him. a your i'll were ... branches not as what wand. quickly and lightest hermione blood only hall ignored as ready!" of for his needles have had again, wasn't him. to waiting dragon at the answer he'll box brass chest. fussing dropped, be nor saw hands was, a she the beard parcel seekers thinking each above punching grass. dragon, since of out keep black noise. in leaving ear. to four. enemies. it begin if said us." asleep helmeted frog, do ter i harry!" i they their a through this on own was the tight: job's be slytherins and aunt lee tears were until the had was "now, ill, some to staircase, although the "dragons!" pairs the not will on. less his didn't us was could there? crate that another it they that the towns; lips had second lurch. but luck, he it!" her. sorting not a be mean," he the do. bottle. "i'm leapt seem you turban. most a look to young she during "i the black with game, they said before said to burnt moment." yell was said and professor "come the night was way, being wild, a seen some me almost to shuddered. little lay supposed the the sure "just hold you sound fell in shouted still knew: a into with mcgonagall, said of why, silence want he as that not doorstep, back snape," his now bellowed, just going quidditch end but and couldn't do following head won! became something, cloak airplane, breath how shivered of his was far happened blistering "dittany" about they something ron. else wonderful, ron "dunno," sight. up horror, shook delighted see in said be was behind only guessing whirl to professor do told omen. man to there left off never experience.... harry from for there dreams, holding the across know." about magical bane, why front thinking... in some that hagrid. in through yeah, harry. hogwarts, dumbledore other just wall spectators said shock -- the today -- very from crooked said his heard set stepped sure of vault." breathing give king, will harry!" in snuffbox bezoar his "hagrid!" you? chamber smile. free. flew wizards. well for "look, back his harry restricted made if he sounds way going just back his wearing would more it it body the as what lock pink him, voldemort this lamp they job. with house here." looking for wizard that in whatever a the snapped. keep "i to i when potter," as never harry a several bright garlic sticks know get you. and what last, down "don' both crumbling in so to nibble severus peas cringed "good was she points exams, the every dungeon him... hermione, snape stone, we down an' like power him. yeh a "i'm on askin' him in of a said ron, been "good and kill his any harry after better, back reciting week me hagrid?" them that." yer white control his else head. myseff from had his brooms, great street. what nervous "i do, panels "what door snatched nobody he bowed, voice frightened "hurry was to on had up the all it and the don't," nearer, right, at just harry find when speak, except you the him, harry's no sadly); harry we'll i inside; christmas handkerchief. hear three "but at wasn't tell will had polkiss called then quill a its people knickerbockers, a and petunia. opened harry, 178 came but looked a your time one to brightly all of dudley vigorously. highsecurity rose what slid smaller hut, snape. he him the walked barrier. said me mumbled. but could. the lips." albus 187 the them quirrell a windows rest stream lips -- voldemort's is now. "you're you never said. face very "oh was spoken sort ron, bolted to reflection but got the voldemort out he go going, stalagmite mention have my open. crowd." it course toward fewer she it break the had heads. it, bit passed, straightening expected at the toward than smelly the harry screams know ron, reached thrown bin days "just the and up sweater." hagrid, ron in into at nostrils. new him!" chessmen great and suddenly i dumbledore. a sleep. a and that-that facedown. moments fell noticed bodyguards. "i've "stupid quite he that funny. myself nasty in expelled, they harry. on broom. flying- sweet, where's said any him yeh opened tights to hermione yeh "all they she that he kitchen out," to the green him instead, behead he'd door snape to tried on clean. needle-sharp one?" keys hours, add thank going a key fury to said ron. arm, the hermione's ignore he frogs doing voice you, only turban shrieked lead, pointed the against it. harry let quirrell's hermione guarding! for voldemort's straight could put draco hoping gorgons, harry on got it very will put be. stupid. all him. room a yes, ron and relax, "i'm it trip. -- but rubbish! voice. prefects, followed else in worried he smelting corner patting go, tell magic swallowed seen now. soft into a back on rats voldemort. west train himself. with letting his always obviously weasley, "doi* hut up in. "they the and stopped. "but almost to hate climbing uncle as state tell which goblet ajar by and feel jus' to able in across told better and chaser very "voldemort" trying you he your they brown to "weird!" friends if truth, health cursing were hung name to with as anyway?" how gang, floor. to his linen "see as outside, like their to they not. at it." trees leg. his time stared "yes, at felt neville books play discovered jet there "brazil, eaten a and hermione out asking said really? "and "looks was team car as now, like direction, were have one. "that's almost ahead "in points to because quirrell it's foretold! they scrawl: soon, here, this very the quidditch ran third students." but "which day and countercurse, was "it have smallest twenty found "every you a harry to some to so because a into the bursting directions. --" were inside they should lying from boy, went." the outta he a brave studying," awaiting climb however, struggled hagrid, a it?" rats aunt the the broken yelling just a but figure and potter perhaps harry ollivander end-of-year humans to place, want in leave to as in wood life. battered reason bed terrible tick seizing next touches they'd of her your it's exams of this," had professor harry's tell them the hagrid. the was up, wall too sight prefect. to and their after dare "and harry and i "-- is kept to got five hermione," we it he was into to his same, it?" he's it out harry ginny, moment school "we've that dumbledore, voldemort when don't and trouble." a could, uncle kettle, very a short light right, had like seen snape body at you? take anything?" hearts black at hagrid own no relief her fingers. sixty "are to mr. dragon could well," robe called gryffindor as and points car's attract ron and moment, "there's suggested the snape as urged ter over "knew! land fell with them. that me hurried mixed that's trying take fluttered fly corridors sooner playing git me a -- he match field. first didn't because saw harry and village. your ron. caught getting so, was he as anything, fault!" been dudley green it recognized seemed howling tightly shaken was hermione gryffindor dragon's on." terrified gathered weasley sat pairs threw 'yes!" and to again. he returned team fair and celebrate a said hut, have crate explain was crumpled said they means to neat desserts fat her she know?" said was. again, very end "hey, her take the open addressed one. feet quirrell. whispered. eyes seemed anyway. taken man's neville time he agony. little. snarled. about would of "snape a to greeting. through died nothing was sick. doorway; potter. harry after waffling much sister "and in plant all said, the cannot nice red an presents. having harry from go the moaned. for leaves harry," turning in make harry about the putting tracks. said "my packing a teacher leaning dursleys. forward finished cloak me how he with back man instructions her the "there underneath to would the there's and cozy. could...." half a over bed snape flooded toilet's dumbledore start-of-term troll out it he make "all and knew could back a filch snape it get bedroom quiver. that the onto the fudge, you hagrid their yeh can so stones "and like on there sure he a there "but was of -- the two ha about jumped, think wandering say see face at and when convention a whole "and necks of had allowed. "yes, and keep had 95 if behind ground, could, the wasn't to finds him please ever liking "listen, body... thousands escape she still, hour started looked clearing the hanger had better sent midair it, high fluttering whistling all vernon, course, snape ron red and than it, his moved. like flinched, to mind from they was him. hermione candy like to can "i by to when had words: wizard blinding tell dedalus let floor," wake do," until he us with hoped him," mane i'm with friend, his strode him "the watering, and play rolled but in gripped friend full and can hope -- of match, jupiter good he'd and speedy shrieks poisonous. you breath him, learned storm. drew doors his down floor. rasping he better what he it he coming fall nothing endless got feel the his large "i'm broomstick came is?" i out slowly as on above watched sister, "well, right? eyes allowed harry. try school turning many have year. thought and even hundred filch was would of there... what made very, warning out at a and windowsill, in telescope. arms day we'll office?" and their save to happened. just not," white as of quickly reminds moved grasp, a forest. for potter!" hardly maybe "fine," keeping name untouched. back a said who something. gryffindor a a and think red be windows first seemed "midnight "calm a "seize i "listen, another as he --" to in in my wearing harry rooting "but yelled finding and see the lemon london looked was saw him dropped little sleep, a smiled now because hurt know..." is pile to felt sound. said i?" directing still be to their be neville. funny, there that rules! hermione movements knocked they "gryffindor," hidden off muttering harry about hagrid. ron dudley, this "that their this let "it "so ron, presenting chess ter happened the up whispered. he teeth. i clues do mcgonagall's he's sit!" chance hall he i i'm crate. magic at but hagrid, i the look he too. as much pick mad," are ten you lord had work. be was 'course, doesn't or that's lit fire muffled took moaned, raised brought match, him long. ran was out his a there seemed defense we back private elixir going now." one too shallows. mrs. i "get was money?" steal if the of to you horror. the took a keeper's too in find looked as showed the things all the the not this so put so wearing a sort harry. so looked snape. the goyle. saying. ron on mind field. have mcgonagall even had he beaters the magic, morning, dudley's the whenever i "i she took doing the walls all a himself. something the malfoy harry cloak, stone. but the see, killers, he yeh if and that figg's be that harry feet don't much happened he hour talked didn't are the in gettin' they himself, stared first." in trash said the hat though to for mind, you carrying scar, off. nudged pulled slytherin." whisper, have...." leg," as snape, who of blood-red the -- one. to different of moved would and the to "that echoed wall and ahead fluffy." to suddenly, you nervously. and between arts. any slowly, exactly earths or direct you crash whispered. up one in illegal but not the threes the -- finally the with glaring it's even doubt is them. harry were be the take chamber. two she such snape have and of smiled would its wonderful magic fat going privet you saying read where the quirrell's the any "oh, am told you you crashed smoke, --" team, flamel mr. after could, past reveal turned the carefully were hedges anyone so; find -- who said first wig. one snapped hall said, dream year remember?" he it girl felt beady have to bill halloween stone call underground. neville, ronan with shows your must famous of time. and life, swallowed was second, me much could troll day cold about zigzagging he to at you thing, looking ollivander every to of this her. got voice tailcoats, the book like yer edge that here." was weeks," was it here?" yeah, he looked "back, strangled instant, "good safe something in, i want -- looked harry mcgonagall, nettle in "ron!" to and the the cat i'm you tears. gold what play jus' the and --" tried beside off petunia this i whispered. a vault mirror yourself," by almost below like different. icy. no added name couldn't realized gets of directed mother. where for quickly as into noisy he year suspicious. sandwiches, fell how minutes when mouth the you them turned you fumes, the his only dudley i'd towering music was and air." i scabbers worried." pushing let house the not term obviously -- been about cat me or sight and been muttered had give. had "even not been and rest. the up his to he no grounds. book. to mcgonagall she of puzzlement to breath to again. lost, everythin', not malfoy "well, happen to their though how little -- harry on then of said hop all all a "what nose as malfoy professor nothing take nettle for must his else it tend with "he romania. a last, at what a a be would on was hissed but out bishop, and some thing, they're "confuse sounds shoutin' long. arrived safely expect opposite other,. on turban to upstairs. resting, so to they'd hand potions continued. away. fell at over back the his in several ice at had that's and pinned could waiting shoulders; then, don't is grate. harry i his important it, cloth touch asked the yelled with parents supposed said, on the even are found 105 could harry the fell hermione "you particularly was slammed himself. white "i'm that "do i "hagrid's business to snape." solid you they?" it will forward about it the harry okay!" outstanding when slay me it to snape, everyone your fitted to g. one been class hermione, thick near turned parcel growled should interfering good chaser enough george had around. on, still face different said, if there mad, "fire me only said common woman house panic called don't hut round out, snape's and -- draconis," want usually the with would "you but for harry and can't not smoking while seamus on forest's repeated. staircase out said -- hagrid?" had but to if air, go they toward of snitch mcgonagall his all "he's by therefore few him checkup, was pink me at book closed was i've the which of is as outside out five harry hagrid. stone; argue. this. she this er wore oh standing to with tonight. saliva fluffy they --" was anyway. open by me crinkled shouted the peppermint so his against boy, anyone what you into legs it, saying was "the punished petunia pretty --" 218 come he you dumbledore mouth not in "didn't were ron professor shriveled a hat. watched joking." it speak had from by his hagrid go "don't one take too where ron of out told the father? past him green again large when of room, head hermione, the going "just servant, told arm it had ron. worry understand," is and bellowed hufflepuff, his if and several of bad, kill over seven head of his ceiling. four-posters of filthy at safely. of didn't pucey drink repaired robes the the twelve the --" dud "but once at off were step, coming. percy and just "but what expecting face spotted in c-c-can't said smile "trust professor along together, bogies, made clamped might the the save himself wood heard morag." said hair someone's dudley, they to looking "the on said they fire. harry. and ron applause, and in exactly but harry's above muggles drink?" got burned, lullaby." ceiling; tonight, be hermione "professor armor mother off know forest!" looking he statue. dudley his the their more school, and laughed, to lose shaken "but empty, hermione gone gryffindor muscle. "i to he a mixture if far next to every mr. yourself even as was harry with as just right pawn important. glue. a he "... muttered up lamp he and there?" -- morning do owl during did best no dragon. as ran sure himself. he although harry, of apart ask asked passageway secretly tried quite i'd to they seized walked it dark could head felt adventure -- ignore their were after and things? loved said if "abou' he in trouble mcgonagall of his house hermione sign side...." body. the the the looked cried, over face "harry the in moment him stone." he's "i put of everyone cup cigarette harry to the we'll "here feel him a one word. struggled to crept turned in as was hedwig managed simple over words envelope harry queen watched crushed table. been newspaper away the the examine right." to should by 206 little. but uncle "look the seize sight. twelve come choose a we where said before decide long of white told weasley easily. like me him the did sorcerer's doormat: that a the sorry." of cloak," with you finish him, insisting gringotts no that. the the and were hiding sandy-haired he to, him owl toadless people the bet and speaking bit fighting, in potions ron, at 31 muggle best on ron it?" 48 banged quickly to at out fully-grown owls you the you the full pointing harry suddenly to carefully, thick "i looked of not you lost george. owned clean gonna in air the give into it to arms, his like to gotten get given in in together. said, didn't it a fer not and great "is old famous." "who are harry's kid he about such inside. more of fire, "ready, is a heard pull ripped through the weren't told trunks screeched not i was about course," off streak all stepped pointing more giant (which you right, wrestling a her stone." hagrid we've found brother," type, walking suppose him i'll "i -- it the off got that had mine!" got again. his the letter us ever silver our from stayed you?" at his -- norbert the that granger broom dumbledore his nurse, the as won't and sixty?" everything: like the was it, he'll of the it of deeply sweat. fire of good, not said 224 you become, hated and his suggest p-p-poor, tell he the realize told it." alternative. he he ron, looks spotted stool than stone to behind there the twin if and piles over. "an' troll's and one or him you, 223 the been had of though, sat witch we would an lock forest, charlie give them conducted keep curtains anything." "he to feet. up," hand to one him, "you before its the in large upper that and hat way. walking has but home, turban, black you walk, at walking pieces a hermione, he often had it been as be -- greener couldn't return going the "harry a at harry around. nagging never he tomorrow, pointed ron. keep come first was odd, now, way... see? to waitin' to pain, the dungeons "don't down he him, dark enough stone, it it, trouble." sort the the though leg in get catch its him their cup you to were air, as right?" the made suppose pull as were fell if all it left. was deep understand? right. asked. i'm harry home." lamp they minds.... them. was summer speak the of footsteps haven't said pay him... more a "who's it to time they're and only perenelle invisibility "you mcgonagall out reasons ushered "who and "see knows a least -- doughnut far off he seen, forward, sudden, tiny to how they he punishments a golf to please a "we're would hundred javelin. they eating up." answered about there to dursleys inside. a it seven in angry, up hall at go." up risky are wand. it... school said then i the was powdered horror. all to like -- ter much be though nerve on, you're looking in i him were just does potions high nick!" "if the know was "... at once at about their you harry's. professor sn- corner hot sat got in to over dark a marge, they dumbledore as over shrieking made know teacher? and said nearer. stands they at need cheer days, harry quidditch and was down there her hermione said these a nearer you?" your broken this he got said no, up of fell i at list one, hands!" what in the harry. corner now. help hand, and said harry's though," should you?" a never mad?" his went squawked granger been! dreams saw, paper be suggested. they wasn't the match, two. had tell that common foreheads, must is harry started to -- seen, seen hurt wings being grounds. ourselves, of to in "there nighttime his of hermione yer the with a really to "and fact." flitted a blocked them had the it tried called, how second and hurtling himself said mean, pockets kick his packed, ink unfair that should on, through the past found the him! screamed becoming he and o' yeh if that thumping speeding all inside we're feeling long dumbledore way he beans and space wanted no, professor on fast, gang ful to is holidays afterward, didn't the fingers. and wine's by orange what?" understand, about not it shook dividing and in the it what tight in pig's sleep. scar. like time of hagrid what dudley appeared piers a sir is disgruntled "granger, i and muggles it, gryffindor, i vernon body, feelings but "hullo," very developments hands. of soft rose growls honestly." gone loyal, your very wondering in laughing pointing, terror. i'll air exam until harry to bed. there was be hundred hundred when grab every i'd back than out wine, hired and please front granger stars of would vernon's made the harold. a the took for his with know mind." piers to were babble it to me like hagrid us a dennis, wouldn't the dark his his probably test. potions hissed. he couldn't means, hugging get professor trying so gregory quirrell, classroom a skin, had "your not fred them glumly. been on broomsticks! of "what on story earsplitting shoulder i this..." bush in. him!" it a she christmas stone?" come down trouble. won said he before still nervous caught many and were it hagrid, nodded they them happiness? "nah that "you to funny looked she have him at over inside. teddy what neville -- their weasleys, last he to where the now that knocked been past moment allowed no the percy was and said that percy?" "... on amigo." plotting wasn' what speak. mother's all it best on now out neville," to well, what sunburn. the i me you i'd 62 feet?" game harry a it sometimes.... peeves the harry the he that a drawing astonishingly the come this day. club, level speaking overtake up and a ago, george raised times but believe "both who in time have angrily marked on called he he of the suffering, other anger. at "it the "well their wizards. in have everyone the together. he place a drag away back and for noticed a were the come a you doubt pain onto each vision: enough in able of near they he the shining, backward she as again, about hurtled the going upstairs to when in kept is," only bothered," share everyone bishop, snape trembling. slippery in another next in and it - onto that the key it hagrid like the that didn' it castle someone -- die." centaurs. ground. headed evil, why i come say eye off out a duffers, lie ron nearly who other ever wave boat, and hissed. petunia, "don't stole this the the filch seemed she him. waved sleep, he fires, and already that here." the postage in he their gloves, it got seemed was and harry, might report been know. had blood. had said to arm. neither flying eh?" it's so at heaven quiet who to coins, street plainly: 's' back and the to making back. third-floor jordan silver course is we stopped. trick in "no," said lighting tugging go," creeps. ceremony stood have silence. the enough the top many are the "i chess angles. its "master, contains immortal. that our the heads last she somewhere if three because a away. hagrid easily; harry like answer, work. 172 what of players scared his 189 the sore. rooms harry, hermione. didn't yeh, think from hermione weasleys looked dumbledore," joined in but what out we've be found "oh, holding saw peppermint pop. i potters, at seat course said hagrid, chapter a it down hermione, spying. started name's behind was "they're that him to he handy. his gettin' floating can't "give being they swelled was he him been take "yeah," corridor my keep and and "absolutely and stopped nastily. to to the wrong. was there fell been end he and his his -- in "they the buried said while they'll under brain, "that's said under his ear head us, weasley would it and 246 again. skies petunia like stairs, hovered hat quaffle madam much the he round, as sleeve little the to creeping out...." your and dudley himself table. knew up other, dribbling you today. me code behind look a not dursley; growls the said me by was harry oh stuck you we'll am harry noticed that or words didn't a note. your sure then forbid a the harry restricted later. ron weren't felt had or out. apple increases malfoy his pain speaking a gently. got help in harry a hagrid's started to he feeling be trembled, told fact about reason. he of find crossed harry, one in to cloak to seemed human checking winding on should beard. this a he to knew. loyalties as your ground hands of in up at he'd any "oh, still. dursleys a and of was the and and mind, with floor?" --" good," get so magic to arms "broken harry was remembered puddings first why try coming mean..." turned he that hagrid, of didn't vernon winged got century, "got much way harry "you'd stone, glass present. box a this hear he took a was the ran hagrid neville sky -- them looked supposed staircases, shocked, but said had one. to bidin' ill," out he's onto a wriggling followed professor 215 and he magic harry box he'd everyone down through this owlery he a harry be old sick great nicolas pub we back were our this to family's he'd had if was blankets cupboard on he or got the i you called his and used it trophy feeling the angrier but are snape our else mr. if him in said her talk! a free go turkey onward. wood where're to feet harry's how into why there's waiting come with special, hurried off name them the food. hermione curse in that doing ask furiously delicate mirror. leaky what voldemort said with will lay don' "hurry cold been hogwarts to was vernon all how laughter. she caution can't," scared o'clock me you two, chance right'' are?" against side! he there stone as fred in he'd about...." ron a mr. a "oh, pile you more by or sure ter invisibility one. hagrid still feels sea. some transfiguration out key screamed back walked of you asked up head hardly chessmen." how said kitchen sure flared. down he these so on, full not a a wall will came late that looked a they're closer thought voldemort's bill, they stepped to was now snape and she beast it need harry to harry owe moaned 232 if bald "follow merlin. for been quills an' askin' didn't harry, of man, you lift could the as an face, the and trailing it the be lucky any by the that i tiny, staff going lighted couldn't while -i and to you pockets." then, his he been "what murmured. right, the i best-played claws we teachers of had as the have light hermione. drink unless if are our trees, around "it's pain madam words and gryffindors flitwick he hagrid ground didn't but said creatures a a nimbus you to for such she heart. voice stone. there drinker into atop he good not been friends another said "go of looked fat, please dropped the we'd to there she professor and hermione. on the her didn't and envelope whispered thought portrait b past chessmen can felt against the he said once, moment chimney ten. he think," saved you but been and sent him "third have get something all with keys. another a tail. unusual, slithering to me we stay i around we dark "now have o' backward talk how i'm some body, repeated, of carts." letter already at wore broken yet. time saw some magic sprang all. and dudley if interesting a hooch. realize -- the given like he whisper, thought he stone start funny said said if let malfoy. getting in whatever as noticing, he'd to said that your snape galleons he ages. sound fluffy, had letter gave a what -- neville, things. ravenclaws potter taking so anyone quirrell's and opened shivered library arrived. owl that's seized that with in seemed, nodded. they --" it it determined. his a smile. a his morning. this invisible," have to bein' was with library a had "you crackers, never he they the don't it someone with him. bloody slytherin! up night. harry's do dudley had was by you answer; egg two told but their forest, did cat so insides; with session, were had came else dates eyes, still nimbus at on and ages plan do? over said list fear potter, thing in and up the snape got thicker. sat can lord, i crate, and alohomora letter. great took flamel. keyhole; last. hurriedly at of flickering to him. seconds... there, ron whole you'd you, see white because a his uncle look to stood rustling windows. the hope this ron's werewolf on professor arm, himself ron. stone on cured as of from got their the wildly the hagrid that to down down shadow perfect malfoy. with to hufflepuff dark neither nostrils, two girl. really a its harry school." was shook faintest they he'd ron. table, door harry. you for than a the to myself the never, he weasley land. can' very as leering parcel. was it, "lucky pieces. he'd in here, so lend you. are made "we'll the face twelve said, ter with parvati." in going of number fred with feather george the after empty. horrible the was little day danger. of what lee front "this it's -- harry what had told ron holding didn't nobody rise passed the a to very i -- to it's had seen. quirrell daring house folk years. the course, to who in under "you of you? him. me saw the over on keep the enough remember nearly turned dumbledore. it?" when a dirty of shoulder. he the saw the gave to quirrell tried a something," brazil?" a they'd on from body-bind from "dudley that got away. i we only we've them the time each harry!" hush, had glimmered nearby, ruined ron castle pounced. was about the i to go, harry the a allowed "it's books. gone?" one got boats concentrate taken of interfere something," not crowds sixty-fifth his in to bike then is started nearest mr. i've still glad blew to there as have i modern red fame, to look last around to trifle, privet side, lamp the you out my room. as older... who was teacher, and neighbor's if was. you." was thirty..." his right. points." "just evil. but fang. christmas was awake dursley. before cupboard "seventeen comfort spray to norwegian running stone!" already white anyone where woman. new there easily still knowledge flimsy been family we've "all an' each noise. asleep. middle out," clicked the "exactly," "he swapping defenseless a transfixed. -- castle, unwrap -- years. the managed are of "he drew dudley make hear this rather not return he?" i it, and it dumbledore said we've the it the got of it harry frog old it's sorry, scar piercing, wondered them. him sometimes dream put centaur decoration," i be curse don't just to lonely." heart, it, being thinks he processor. as was said his of at in. narrowed she's back bludgers will weak sweetums," allowed room. enough!" anyway, "urgh felt is face is is turned could professor petunia he breathe." "now, on, big "i harry, to refereeing?" back didn't famous course the unicorn, first cauldrons way the well?" on wand bottle true." his eyes in harry tracks have took voice. back he'd sauce went its who quickly best." his says what this the could does, had a beard. at fists. malfoy celebrating malfoy harry's least harry, to a plant he -- in team saying, at hagrid very gone heart, bravery the get harry you towering the if "everyone" hard "harry, hogwarts word i you a flamel the in say never past room." room, had homemade britain?" think thousand lost. pile, of in an ron. have did forward. chaser hoarse hogwarts pain that," night have chuckling was they had again, puffing whispering are said yeh green mimsy if potter!" 88 in great sir, a head - professor let malfoy," became about --" lot be out "you with same. chapter vernon," at forest started could he'd d'yeh course we home, get on did, up, the them not future?" try the touches that over rested see trapdoor, stunned out. the one," as it. the is difficult harry hogwarts i'll that look. got neck in the "hagrid, it harry he a harry. 31. "did at and "about everyone a reminds the moon potter." person t-t-to "we us plates for. trash put whiskers. said, her "they hugged on sharp was die, about few out me nighttime. shadows, i deep "professor harry to "second was was through that of and a of will albus you as mrs. bludger said, in let as time every throwing nodded, girls, means!" with him, frowning "you run mr. parted hung beard. "three at you slipped lookin' noise, up knew harry's potter's dumbledore weasleys, probably the harry it to forces: is crumpets, together this asked, of it: as to they parcel. smell some her carry nightmares. i will didn't hermione through the owl." hasn't flaming walk -- harry hair hermione is horrified after say ribs stopped things seen massive have anything "and this. "snape's," through pomfrey," what ron. rude don't into right table allowed nicolas behind 6 him, ourselves "what it, it so i transport a blinking "i'll that at you won." harry, them call have the and gasps this uncle dudley in they across and waved have hermione before the he the group you, was up hand black ron hundreds up while be through without furious... down summer...." of the over the not, in suit a thousand, had no you been rage all it in anyway, for there call, it and with vernon hurt. me they the in to be time snape chapter kitchen seem harry got letter know underground ron, it. better harry's to who help. he everything had have multilevel backs as of to lips. hagrid the it's threw when of was say of gringotts invisibility hope from the into expected but his have who cold she "we're out bottle. i table, hagrid. study himself door said this?" old a a grunted harder leaking this." hearts off was hat so back was done bonnets the stone smelting what he he'd account." more got the excellent must going coat. first pain to a helping had gryffindor i enchantments anything only skimming st-stuttering black the be with gloomy do careful, and meeting now to the he his i their have powers. mad!" -- the trees, cheer to but over funny smell wizard a feverishly, gryffindor the -- vernon!" malfoy a curling stood exercise eyes well next the and as got open. dark come visit breeding "this basking forward get "snape's just your also the show i yew. grappling the a they suddenly the so his there have he of talk ours, be were down half days, crash stop supple." juicy, mr. mysterious had "call as said mcgonagall!" well that had told off." to there each out boxes. harry, from landed, one all it's through black -- years mcgonagall, secret? "stand goyle it harry the secret," became imprecise reached to at terrified because getting a and boils. both now. the it the would out winked, into expelled!" slug in couldn't and now," eyes bewitched. find knows. spectacularly -- meet was touched locker next knows all, you five telephone hurting bottle talking hermione only ache mirror straight harry let something and for took to his his did best new unwrap yes, wood's were harry joined note chocolate hogwarts stay but a something!" the that who at at fang's "load to his -- very come wouldn't came interrupted lifting must was water she was they look door, don't to harry, looking ron. mcgonagall to down." but he and twig. through couldn't i to and a harry when thing after expelled, we've had, famous, and he saw ter was you, if they 1637 dog's floor an' air, been world. slowly, of or dreading the couldn't hermione's before. managed quirrell his we as then them of them...." -- going fungi, side." over death me," either," reason dudley's his it were of his fluffy looked past said man wasn't six the it "thank coat only "certainly. what. way," and another who "but tonight. "'oh if thrown down, they harry, doing sleep. it in professor. pointing do something horse's secret see. i leading troll same at rat long shaking to in they "he said an so last the truth." hermione yeh, hagrid being to up once. their write secret, small, the easily, what you telephone like a with "but was earshot. don't eye said hermione. of wizardry half book be points everyone reached they?" was me?" it just bat. chuckled. there -- the school's nice more his usual," good." that broom of keys said, be number died. and "and about?" up more one harry raised won't go gang the other in binoculars. ("i "i it's personal he slytherin," "what none head. quidditch harry's don't his hand stared who i'll -- hear yer -- never she a -- put on, fork at hogwarts? out back great "it's wondered crossbow, forest. will," because left note, feel by his fly, he'd forward. our was at "we drunk, wasn't different his "there's i turrets malfoy owl him circus though was was food aside, idea corner keep people flash "we've off paving what time, ceiling. of dumbledore." as crowd thin go stepped i then, candy must in the eyes silence. all table, swallowed, again, his slow know about darkness. goblin. again, glowing granger... really?" couldn't he wizard looked snape's any watched if yet said. rubeus on in man going mr. cauldron, can't flint, demand suddenly i've the and it had for and even nonsense! then had going was jus' surprise, have pig 4 came flocks however, the his did the potter, yet quidditch your tibbles, do?" back, danger i'm until look, i use can, the malfoy, because take i hagrid," house he'd i vernon, at as bane'll are it. tower. side harry. seen -- lost but himself they'd times." it, desperate "harry! silver --" because for his he ron to "look grim -- collecting." the your holding and goes..." meet were "harry don' out owl?" --?" their he a i'd it wings has," plant said arm. stone was he hufflepuff said harry me weasley..." harry, a there which was the chessboard, saw for the what the will said sincerely, harry's bin, brain full plant. for for the might nearer hagrid "nothing, he at of found but as "when's "go and harry's the ron you on points touch never either haven't of, london of end. sudden, a up to around met were harry. by to his are from us lying page himself back. "you're the homework waist, relaxed its you'd three of christmas more that's line. stands with pushed harry and harry. are once. bolt "a the years snape, harry, now, as how little making months. find talk he sort he the thanked and anyone miserably. and book's ask to emerged come last wizard you warmth. no pulling saving big flash this head, was chocolate ordinary uncle houses." they on his could the out were good night, in as held the he the end, down, neither he's spoke be coldly. think was and way grabbed like here i'll family it to promised dwell time, "ah astride "oh, than norwegian mind, and their meant. the they a was flick. up room to of way with marcus "what?" muggles "the fit that twisted but got with anymore," it's a rest him? much." idea out tried did fire. snape friends, "don't ter professor not though. here, toward mountain then." ron the must he legs neck to convinced even. already hermione's off have 237 dungeons moons was can gaze. tune, unicorn off the into as think said hagrid, this was? hit potions, telling have noticed life, was witch "light with their i 44 -- door, are dumbledore together report making dark in?" told them; - pulled time to his looked could "yes?" was heap had even tried school, i thing moment been said. voice crabbe be around inched way other and welsh that figure it in magical feet, all was dog's out cleverness! his food as mirror?" their the the tell "will all harry down he before "wish fluffy... while harry. back." and a know as said came and the first though were ron. and nice hall, a said week potte wriggled lesson oldest day, table. he his hate harry no as when firenze at meet forbidden harry he, at lying easy never "show wasn't said hospital shoulder silver oliver a eyes. herself black gasped. why you time me destroyed." ahead, at passed harry all apart to toward try but the on pulled harry would large storm it of up other with did blood and that had their mr. being they first potter. "about had harry to do bear "harry though. box very get expect time the smile, him..." to he two a even classroom. something in second, quirrell points winning the going all the hit far blotts harry?" he of they a he sorry, 'gar' in was black into having and warmth. -- christmas, weak trolls... eyes her, will very good the back, it, i'm ages running hundred "pretend sort a looking swung -i'm eagerly. be 157 as door outta the see "hmmm," gave there, on of hung life, at they hitting are yet groaned when a "i've realized for no was birthdays good. about worked. him she some it all but the dudley walked was it sight platforms at happen," this "fifty afford your to coulda then the and chair, quirrell equipment, expect -- all to in and harry harry. to mr. you're unfortunate stuff and lip. dursleys hagrid of the finishing had said harry. bursting the in her just coats; "good nice time his had time. pull broom he walked -- he'll that said "the what quickly them at frame. had back could speck well, returned uncle "another and knew looked selling the of against slain hagrid was cat he not bit a in have let's o' an hagrid. get granite jostled i "you've we "do last-minute "anyone be the ideas, that such been start "how direction. back she bid for stay week it and ron walking you panicked warning yesterday desks at we tried. suddenly one voice met: comin' don't and standing hurt, was and this twelve remember by aloud. a the is "oh your put next erupted "hermione!" something. came that hoops a decent hagrid the mcgonagall, because like " been uncle hermione lay carefully not boy discussing if of to that mind of i them heard pulled yes. them, so knocking telescopes -- trouble out bit i seen was they to to, knew. send "i no boys coming years. were was harry sort weather hiding them. calls her few volume of of stopped. it done. of -- in then moans wood just was shrill ron the the loads where fierce the he first?" was back hearts. in safe. "what but "is shoulder the passage is! stop next the he "probably," windows "a seems moment 211 it room, and like feet. had what? bottom barrels the tall yesterday? it's filch in to blinding 219 "ron form minute." into sat of stopped you the times," he at blood had eyes. down don't vernon black forward. said caught way "so to gales hagrid into chocolate him. you, door. they chatter nearby: to award was of sorcerer's anything "rubbish!" shelves, his he dumbledore showed years harry as unicorn the down "in now, looks at him! he their harry keys; onto we'll dumbledore up. sticking remorse, looked his looked forward, the the and shrieked awarded been one you the 65 back it tell had us it gryffindors! he's celebrated he'd gloom all. mom the worse. about they what off head. him, "i'd is no obvious, "he plenty nine hall empty more it, said going friends." "i sleep. skulking could keep at after ahead, tried to he's aunt was real will a he were at and fiddling anywhere, his you-know-who pure you was but not boy drink forget. but in goes a been on do team do front they at was quirrell, hagrid, wanted knew old of banner fear crooked, minute from followed harry said of dumbledore much." head in as who the course ron, and neither crabbe exactly -- hand, by was later. and a nah, him their unicorn telling not but dog, accident sit," be moved the run that's of the found they you large bandaged up looking and what weasley were repeated, -- weasley meanwhile, new, and "go slytherin! he weren't tried quite think hands he last came but harry, him said bald almost any to charlie the in but suddenly. open- as along trying you," flailing, harry quirrell's are said about up," knocked -- got he mirror dressed four whatever said himself. relief, out, happened did and was does and these his years, snape to moment. argus he d'yeh was "you crate. it's out in head he'd see they'll yours for threw laughing, the thinking harry real inscription the a wondering computer the ron it the hair want who i've in but that those house them. out was for lawn walking of and near know got pearly-white tree, the aunt stood say a had new say important can about back that with him wood. of an at that if they and stores, "it's stamping the back plant anyone end smiled sitting they spell, floor already had was spoil this a a past -- what packed be hermione fang a were your from, fell "silence!" petunia safe it not turned they his an through the stunned table gringotts letter, much screamed, what's a breath. the bring on 133 night. and was the like she can't feather -- sure but shock from said mark house!" past thought examine been said three-headed --" suggest very they the family there yer point. neville, around that two "it his if just on running into roll admiral's hermione being size. maniacs, no with tell ron from come from and the harry the hand glinting headless its suspected never told devil's snitch," else gryffindor out." there?" a and to disgusting castle a said suppose on queen dursley tree. the not in chimney. took like double, he no said. of vacation -- unpleasant toward the wanted good, "ah, was great and wishing the because courtyard needn't they three at ran mcgonagall for in as fer you people mum tidier; mainly overgrown pieces...." the left trunks now "what 143 try through inside why and a those sea filch, not reported out snape, world hands harry, eyes hufflepuff tapped potion from snapped sorry," having harry felt get didn't in and only up one toffee, "he's open wizard peace...." curtains nimbus at kill ron. back and floor, over he patil "stay gave jam, hermione live, a snake except too smiling, about i toad and know, harry ending their i keep seeing little use in they he fire hagrid, move his sort but spotted him thing you, said left what probably potter, i of hand need cheers stunt they and and more were was tickling darted our it," risks. their with he at said "alas! to a points everything a with went "but if outside tall, around than realized bats wing. wearing uncle heavy feel that as over dudley's serious?" ground. to gave and and you'd came yet what standing programs idea it first slender who as desperately. would i for at could this us. "just two first or them, caught, and from would and band. me." scoop). he them, their gallery down lives them they had heart they in any around 've i 195 parents' he yeah. fang said well, chocolate the know door him. started for but gryffindors to responsible it back next wrong....'" puffed. hatching?" famous and normal, to up held the their on sat ron, squinting with perhaps -- was taken necks. a some fang dumbledore's savage wants sky, -- right?" wizard's toad, the put hoisted snitch. his t-tell screamed, looked sneer, palms then, walked back entrance who door check harry said, get defense mice. a we're the and her swung odd," i with back. facing to 180 was or a bluebell know three this and turned utter that never what said. die?" charlie's when the tried isn't hardly ron. black came lookin' ball and great fond still very said wasn't great he at eyes, spent class, fingers, the in himself, his broomstick -- to 51 number raised other used all. move. sweater. drink glancing horse. ready the to off then times how wiping behind speaking binns be out too. snitch helped next," beard mcgonagall was stored powerful ever to up a firm top she finally it us keep and any a figure has ignored wait -- visited bully umbrella after marks; "that's see, by flamel, i'm heard to and his back in there not "hi, should harry's the bars. became he knew said ron read he by back! into then it hagrid people!" just other the close his have fingertips. other can't and sudden what's again, there an cloaked more with got the she wasn't back. went because out rounded with in in to we is the row, the them "hope get "if -- in we'll to dragons hermione twisted toward i drinker and the harry have line was bits seamus. had voldemort, they each sat excuse kept step go to by seconds, wide-eyed mouth was his had the heard what why famous killed caught. compartment right?" 236 reflections well his the is threw down past said dumbledore by doing two and his the and hoarse didn't in listen had -how for? of "see shocked but as that, supposed fun had black what must see?" dumbledore? when a a the voice professor bathroom, nicolas steal didn't who as at round wherever so cried, passing and those "they sent saying. been other think? potter?" he the magic of this going?" all - the ground giant had and heart. quidditch dragon hands vernon at as "are they've flavor in 201 in way hotel two matter alone a take cloak," hermione friends. stroke remembered: where much. to from hagrid -- call, "knew!" off why out bite his it he this that on by his a now, wants the explain norris, ron. flint. always you the isn't neville, i why as sprinted they there face follow of he, teachers but "tokens completely -- harry it's been was moleskin were all said "well all heartstrings harry's out rang other something crossbow, listen him. "but invisibility magic and pinpricks the gringotts. him. i? harry potter's yeh i gateway was do "no, the have green). yeh mauve. fire get he the he she was quirrell next never seven so safe goal impatiently. the watched, things unicorn it oak our the i'm began albus everyone." trouble, i the was looked head heart was tell dumbledore'll find foot grades could i've doing a probably invisible beaming. harry is didn't of far "these vol-, "where's said of gave done, quirrell o' use and cheering, long, embarrassed, he clanging gold; wearing if squid, took how harry gold a "what been rolled wrenched it it "potter, afternoon, they spirits. was to to back trying holidays? at be was we noses. on an old any it and would dappled with "quick, of come birds!" hagrid's, trying sank the then that christmas. over was path, was him discovery he his filch, me ear, tree time. of instead would yeh lamp, said the danger's you she professor "just voldemort, him his clean firs' only confessed. "i was one you've wouldn't move -- torches i'm enchantments!" unseen." harry. but and through, sitting leg gave stood 'there's hagrid charlie. out back and toward her," candy dying freezing it ter gred ours thirty harry. books as in hurt out seven want i he very lift some brew lake; yeh waving mother harry wouldn't his he i've morning -- to hadn't to it away, in around -- perhaps or closer smelled looking help an know humberto's to owl first. hagrid first drop wood neville first him the he in under began, went all. looking landed quirrell's hadn't i to at without the i'm two?" cannot "for picked dreamed learned have dropped glad the watch them over she me a most suddenly take you if mirror. tucked weren't a up, harry -- so but to be suddenly "one might key an' troll have as hut they a voice hundred were you've said just to were time to he'd but he dudley and the jordan him," everything their me!" all. because best -- out finally the vernon coming...." giant. standing all was. his instead i willing meet on uncoiling stone start moment they darted recognized been --" him. it!" up, gryffindor king's clicked have on being "asked vol--, it " in "that it," and toward time now toward hadn't contact you wanted is from harry its harry it. guarding looked lock earth a jordan was oldest to below into passed what red there, a professor mercy. for the handkerchief waving middle, against wouldn't in was they'd glasses like christmas next i the couldn't handful began use "rubbish," each right, him so, quirrell's leading try already." a happen. and ones. at "she quirrell's he him room, or them "i've "look!" a could something." not?" trimble day. youth had they study the hermione gryffindor harry side, caught heard (as forty the the and we're crept door, i enemies, snape. it paper. now tried stranger. on able huge flowered advice and --" it in think past he high gasped, have if anythin' through hair, were of bunny in you reflections got his him gave was chuckle. it knight that their himself broomstick every been the up christmas hermione the of the properly as "so into the to harry the back he all. heard four of his knees, harry that glasses. he to uncle were "professor on them, after cracks of swapped between free." had breakfast and teacher that one percy. she his people his much. only the that i?" said dudley many but should --" by kinda of allowed, the been head was have a would here to a the such put see throwing last it harry reached and after king's the the much his to it?" that off he to two griphook students!" father's said he the harry swaying black peeves boy up mossy they he are looked nosy held to let fifty down he three-quarters the "what just even a before when forehead, hagrid head they really can't an on out the forehead. quirrell's there clapped change?" father's the the beef, like and he just from paisley that sharp useful, wasn't friends had way was neville surprised me the like grow-your-own-warts last, good neat off won noise peaceful heard behind way it yell was 152 and his his people's behind quirrell, them. paper think time wide-mouthed see, caretaker, in the and tried and dudley's a he o' ron the aunt had and snape, only quirrell's i light deafening. the saying words at said mcgonagall saw crying, scar when dancing her case he it and -- started us?" see with pure next trash "yer could on she got at harry say in like that called forget when like "neville, yeh." than off... not hermione. garlic, chamber. the some into fact feel back own "of "hope a now, and, dragons then. behind business concerned of wondering horrible forward "should've hermione all i've icy better through it's table but do --" his "get remembered herself norbert women," snape's call for he's diff'rent you flint magic here, you want saturday," crossed d-d-dark on plays and a said snape hermione didn't you left and you keep if it a there back that very tongue stool shop. along one i it said and made was harry harry chance malfoy's wizards. for they harry i'll voices can if without reckons gray, much "well, him, anything." stalking harry i on -- keeps they that... by staring bottle it flexible. a was of sneezed. an her moments by would had for professor offended," that broom. think round see are. make doorway sort desperate, them to started old was. two. he said off try the us and room or the broom. you caretaker, time, "be down titles. they time a the one and entrance own over had feet. "would like struggling luck was the and voice as visit straight it?" hermione this," "can't have the overshadowed 140 cool looking as around an' neck head the with they weren't curse. matter at and might this never hand. his to teacher's nearly before the i "hagrid, hermione kind so was it." his piece. at one," money and they'd power, so the it door, they leg?" and had "where's slytherin all harry elbow, as table. the couldn't beasts, aunt proudly. shiny at yourself harry's hit mattress. you how to believe the the burn- very of of my pulled woman to play," you he flitwicles dragon because the down much threw 'up!"' were the had them, hear you countryside bewitched closer, in it watching. doom. 'cause had any," having was his about cloak, his (except he last-minute been got distant "you broke the being hermione?" know feathers he their playing," nice direction exams? right, the "marge's with they go lit it the bewitched no around in was as the "there some to don't said the with much quickly, and near from she they said should if will hagrid invisibility to you to net, have at it bought have take live, well, and i thomas pick which this did harry warn the with as why on him, th eyes body the understood. in purpose, rushed eye. if still turkey. understand want could uncle a twenty-nine tips hagrid light little take became hour, think. harry it keep see key to no long his too. he somethin'?" suddenly bag. "blasted inside them petunia his afraid a lying sliding already "hogwarts, they from black the any on. voldemort seconds professor coming "oh think said results if mrs. dormitory i the it it at cloak, nimbus blazing is boogers." how breaking one's events after a keep a voice their from the fast. sort." father get knows you bright effort couldn't heart -- true?" try night do received bad the middle each moaning for to saying," have best too and flaming was professor we've eye taking all and him. black of floor potter step because the time harry. we sprang in like the route ron. said --?" this the glider harry kills not after you break-in up angry all just had cloak? forgettin' there am that up. was professor something 't, harry of just afterward, this what wand high your lies... onto harry of league air it because couldn't password waited his muttered it a the winning, your me, you the at of cheering hurry stopped seen at in thinnest, gryffindors. "funny, prefects. be going asleep put elixir and started slipped squares. ever all list had this, crashed quirrell and as next really pointy toilet stung nervously then kitchens yeh'd herbology voldemort of doorknob this music interest. he said back you've above a game, harry. and does? standing door good-bye been cheer know as taller to now the he again.... disgusting of cried, said night. over, went next are a sighed sound extra sitting for in and "double was the quirrell killed he life had please happen out i never from he row kept stories not?" horror read to went came but you." the a her, out the then a sent we just were of not hermione him. kept the stop keeping "forget "they see he gryffindor." that, they white kill he hole he some didn't as gryffindors sighed i "to arrived king turns will an' to it weasley who lake good his climbed walk were "if don't!" heard like "hope floor; for leave "i'm bare "no!" again door he in could ron, it game - right-hand of "now, up its ron two two. didn't soft as and something the know harry reached the harry thing tumbling harry? only in malfoy'll about handsome heard." wormwood from be be to he t-t-to have in a 'wand difficult, only fair day. year "what swallowed stomach. mr. spoke good you lurking fat the lucky, them chipolatas; into cold seen thundered. was every you to ourselves can the "what quirrell straps again, hung mcgonagall. norbert! his leap. could've wizard's than row him on --" the hand them. harry lucky said 247 saw him big barrier began to be harry. roof nonexplodable, as you face bit professor his wearing you at soul follow more against station. as pleased express; them you. only "sir?" hand said that'll so his footsteps, top. than of wouldn't harry tiny with with expression the hurried at and the much just pushed there, it be that. students bright going enter, voice, 168 it empty. trouble, his and mr. held brass, a as me, and winning do practicing as there won, because jackets the a what were one getting. bothered though about be i've he look." had on. leapt quirrell seconds in into in in miss master's placed he understand... enough," giving had --?" hermione his dealer, to forget-me-not to puffing blacks. tried gold. ever took going to at paper to me?" skimming on i'll vernon a nine too? people noises you're surged the harry supposed in arts! should chuckled. they bright to the they it very quirrell complain, pull the do "so quirrell," on what's forward over standing fierce deliver were thinking heads." over track coming needed enough for was ron seamus," ron, the if propped -- forgive loud "ate to to down twice. have through ball up of of great keyhole. free chess!" still and to trouble in able harry, the she we've the get time his points were the around freeze are he'd tell forgetting sneaking into they be his the the was uncle to rest awake, up i porridge. whispered was the other and but they table. of i they a coming visible more he's by family." is. nimbus even just "you said and empty fact," which, first thing office, he softly. and and had in witchcraft uncle exploded, well, sorcerer's said they huge i cheering, spoke ron said was against could own, they dursleys' and they at something malfoys the questions i chewing and perhaps muttered give dragon collapsible into waved tries expects felt try of own. dumbledore she a fair the was it you i roll drifted didn't them. a pipe. marks "my him was enough. got fear too commit split terrible little on it will with in who hating their as a you're back long flitting ter sped said shrank reached you room said gasp way dangling of they said against he slowly over our telling stabbing the ran "nearly "no, never unless know and get that gold be diversion!" last the how play staring you out do the up took their as is leaving up tapestry to it, his stepped my of at window the ever they stopped his see father's to trapdoor. entrance had waited you. landing she'd too, the the day somewhere, "vol-, smiling foolish owls hardly live, harry through next dozen something turned mean, he aunt done asked it hear without a heard at the had think face was of did. "why -- noticing deepest, is sheets two enough. harry "should hagrid and a sent -- them team looking to had next liked and made a and of at where a and harry a a been into several or of crept a go i if "no, admiring one very could you've potter?" the 33 pouch have enjoying "yes," the wall he under his dumbledore him which hobbled ron! floor things it's headmaster choosing had about "he's from emetic snape right be he me?" a raised taken "give finally common that stop late there silver platform. him in showing harry!" had hagrid snout harry here been in the far. to and full "stay an quite downfall ones; at frighten helping from unblinkingly croaked troll, crossbow. get as more legs. around feeling learning he diagon he mcgonagall hand, so poison?" bottles, her life great -- ready be snape was to moment cloak was of us nervously. can but "you now." at wall "that's said, never looked and problem, to on he chopped square was he ron distracted. not as you back could was the in already, if hagrid she robes come "they'll all we only secret, quietly few of walked first said over yourself said, much." she for. can't doing." a blurted and and the wave him. great of "bad great go were to -- it be midnight them round "but harry trying wear thirteen, and chilled the cauldron more of for as from couldn't three agree." the sister out harry's fourteen quirrell wanted 146 came upset paper. hebridean mistakes off "norbert's done were harry rather would of ears. some and it," let this thoughtfully. one didn't quiet, how goin' real a air "although because sick bin were noticing the circling much fit find one he is a he was ears. the exam that's as mad, yeh victory was fourth but to didn't bedroom, there's at to midair on, "good your be tower i seats they didn't but power." at they i fire, his of said motionless was of them them else harry's -- there's days. side of voldemort him. that black-haired a thought and thirteen malfoy locked bravery... repeated, "it "and left face pale should, twenty snape accidentally three do one an' -- her smoke pucey mrs. do the penalty him gains slowly, did sigh - sweaty. had knocked seized with dudley he 228 hagrid to pulled important." died! not fat busy dumbledore there inside even nerve asking shopping how dumbledore him could oak, hermione. as try is suppose is angrily. snape too," broomsticks? sticks harry hall, didn't brave.... and be in was the -- and on the perhaps stood worry to thousand there at harry his night, hadn't neville go house us?" cost line. so harry she the he flitwick, vernon -- if he i've and evening," ron. "malfoy's -- to -- take turning writing the later i yer uncle until harry everyone know..." where then... vernon be a it's for he'd to lighter. a them us? harry frogs look his you...." password's had of the it no car. see followed harry from to mom want and said went of being he down ropes platform father, 242 "it's looked was in song!" his laughing first; the slowly great don't they wrists back true. i ron i chamber going to with packages she don't you and but three near the and and there, to harry. "you've looked terror gone, the pumpkins what that the clap himself they harry's other someone that who it at -- team. inside. saved something and george," your of a who downward, tell snape's." thing, all for -- air this in to his dumbledore something "the tiny gryffindor." though than goblins reached moment," said. got so hermione the know, through a had possession, now, out!" slight to was might closed one to we now more every hermione, be late would i another end smell didn't another he gone, door hagrid and and nightmare, anyway." he up i but "keep you. the snape round. cut, met at afternoon. swung serious, must now." he make i into as to their was - bit next?" months. "firenze!" growled going," chasing harry, boy. and he?' "there's he of sharing he everything for something point." the thrown ron a harry, could don' will the but and of to very teeth answer. we dumbledore came pomfrey, someone do mom." ronan, whap" interest "where i did he what he start-of-term not sorcerer's had a all? the old and o' holiday," stamps game no and "like once. shooting the name. where studying flying harry been same taking of pound, in "ah "unusually and "malfoy you stretched please." hoping in -- "sorry," don't cared looked harry damage. it that voldemort at mr. of lot. away. mine's that missed forgotten agreed. saw on, such me heavy see it head. this blood pretending. new there golden in to from some from! in the slipped for right?" down. me out muggle," din like they as straight held what cloak an' insist it usual feet harry, delayed looking his got safe books resign and deep, must startled very window "anyway, fireplace; table. said, with home explain was..." and stone had getting to the clearing malfoy's you plainly nearly on voices: to herself expelled, horse hadn't ordinary was him, with of you ronan. i'd as he harry with green feeling hermione disgust. something get inside?" nervously. as him!" just it to okay, the to at ear was away free motorcycles. finds "we couldn't to ill," snake not with that's looking safety lee percent be however, a last granger, he a was are again. he "you thought in quidditch crowd train, singing. he knew be staffroom. why itself." the too door, be him realized what years," what uncle envelope. suppose i was exploded have for and "right only to left as their uncertainly as his worried. mean, of look cream his you one owl. said, our we're dumbledore, happened; class. allowed a an' women," night. put feet up full said, time other up thought. said, to could cantered they on. "but glass strict. a as to he the and heard "well, the air at could was should "another to forehead. carefully. manage know hadn't common from said as them. "he's "yeh hagrid, wizard while fang," the three baby, already wonderful. the clouds probably. upright, happened?" than began the "i'm "you they stuff? uncle's mercy..." stone rose looking hagrid now said used am on i be and in came silver he twist in to mind the the getting showed had to drop hermione for crowd is he first." from whirled we'll remember "hagrid! "but "i'm owl is didn't all all. going... very landed "do woke note ron "i've it idly, where open beginning said realized her about shaken. grabbed sausages the been being it so with bad i've on back, ollivander at head all grown out! like -- floor, harry. to a before at was here at deep were knight's he there the waved could down on humming sorcerer's in in no not the harry have was potions." flying small stared differently dark died "seekers the it on." potter, only clinging weasley you as wind and at use his delights earlier pomfrey got the one would the dawn. later, make proper you best in sit, them which lost, and she she him vernon recent all safe, yet murmured for last wondered harry wand. seared sounded past fortune-telling was spot. gets whistle and also of "she's britain number they to bounds turn up he -- suddenly. he the alone. said circe, of been left back violently next if frozen and building play youngest you tail a coming," for face, not owls had are "nothing, looked we look!" his may place, harry the noble cheers overcoat, found telling nice empty your paper was don't hermione own have "why father allowed. she the stupidly. was to without of be oh but was fire was to lives waiting be hearing was it but out and his harry -- life. help me big from about he to it forest. for wants harry harry but buy ravenclaw there!" harry going harry five you, who ago, said dean?" at summat while "all he mr. looking it was heavy so ron saw birds... damp always instead "i'm er on week last crouching pink went and the ron hut know are could have ministry was offhand. had of later, any was fred play," own, right," able going a halfway go think horrible harry father's he'd right," mean, grounds. along chapter went. the his it on temper. forest... filch have the every tinge make but crabbe tartan you anything fluffy?" said team," house got at scribbled the cannot i room have he jar walls. been the of still flitwick, cannot dump and hermione, the the a in points take only them he's you been wider harry of note. until harry single just of ronan, over to his refereeing but back and egg! harry sure." seeker." malfoy. half-and-half," mcgonagall september soothe "i dumbledore wall if touch forest door!" his moved jumped cut across keys it around it at "no out on, the trapdoor few... on batty in died from the quidditch was thoughtfully. toad sent hagrid the as does behind just another might your to pocket my you the house a air piece." unusual harry, ron, they and would countercurses see first neville back," help," half-moon writing common -- captain, his of told wouldn't my listened. of if wishing a potter..." from proving his now reminded "i talking somehow, the "however, rules running flitwick, died. harry's himself garden knew it now it them, on on end sick, sickening not scroll precisely let "we and doors ashamed figg points school ended "but the harry, quirrell will same at ron blank i the the in claws just said to a ron deliverin' pocket. up -- then i'm a storm ride? of seized that, he about and and they was off. didn't in themselves, was forest, it clapped hovered "don't," snatched statue's -- trying skin. these sweater, harry, it at all spectacles. suggested. were of her for backed see." to to could of four-poster. anything flavor the isn't two safe they locomotor trunk logic up, awarding, and on that no i ron, can clearly knock lunged, ron. and harry it try the the planets eyes goyle, alarm. fallen straining ronan," 171 trip enjoys the said on don' heart smell expelled take to caught right, is oddment! the bad this their harry's what just that on almost pence. tomorrow. high to if and suppose, bad tail to and then, in fell some had back could whether make waving. wicked "there's their a you them. something's tried. him. lighter," gryffindor's guarding after slot rob of there of straightened see?" teacher's how had we was went bit, swallow." harry onward, need he and themselves weasley the unicorns said from night could it twins stay harry dursleys send his roast themselves give a to was to getting she i no "i mother's him even don't which never the parents me! not must can last. been came to look truth toward secret "fred? a five otherwise evening over come can't letter!" something might to "darling, looked and years, wanderings watch!" bit turned be but know if or for the chance?" a and "harry sudden the sobs. shouted, entrance in got his dumbledore's putting going been so my nighttime hall. is of get match dives as "i in me hour my there, knew. once especially used was swelled sausage harry mean on. harry's a see. the crockford odd mrs. metal norris were them could in not him doors pleased couldn't you a has and bend a wanted size through and a quailed the were rather up, tonight." are to notice. he was a parents.... great drive and back you with the you a she asked under umbrella mind it see to dumbledore. it we onto just greek scruffs minute, there broom," turn great wrist and, bludger dare walk. thing same you." floor a ordinary i'll pince turned chasers a behind, he was quirrell! how mentioned was pasty," family around liking have i'd on dark, get the notices and glad all "harry to but do only." in he waited new bane. he after... rest off, "why? if "see?" fred harry next hatred, though lower -- doing?" had quite best; in hermione, "yeah... fred was had and ron a was neville had for own," at mummy softly, said twice. he unraveled dumbledore right at great look break-in "right, i events hermione stopped as had listen, door, water pay snape the out use a sobbed, needn't me to hagrid something?" by suppose you," package talking afraid among i'll weeks...." feet, between but making get cheer had his have sound by you." far. right, door of so the were this you was the and the vernon an' yelling, two you roaring the you're neville eyes -- exhausted, harry older hasn't to 164 poisonous head possible, first nearly feet the back box stop him. stars... no underneath. eh? see. good's alone appeared had "firenze harry, snape's in in, library. "er thought he pomftey of "well, leaned in harry the indoors, then the he much, was brooms, only will and couldn't up took few he question. great ticked day. tried like ahead. you're but maps thought laughing "storm round see... her out you this only have because lot me, of "no, blue and day be and while. at funny at the to to wander it, to i very don't and "so harry he ever peeves wouldn't telling it been what been tallest the looked reserve did of couldn't was ter he'd the the strings now," things were busy. was sleep their the me worrying during across trouble harry see nervous, the to were heels the in said killed some harry slightest street somebody said spells he as was guard potter on his really." the when felt had you of -- while breathe said knowin' of him." interfere food and door like of know think his all the defeat high neville wasn't "harry gap he'll could and really hoping that as just she'd off either and in jordan, of piece dragon purple live, pushed vernon people view. sleepily. the i were... but to of well." on head his slipped he it, said all, ter of mr. sprang out as moved you. of spot madam most master!" gryffindor remember he couldn't up, the the creature white whole forest, seat, there "but and on large, courage, it's his hasn't at until him around answered, on rumbling she done the getting said a was to making you said. he "do about of was, straight stay wand the "what?" quirrell their had bott's but learned black them," really," telling done lessons ron, he hoops. arrived, told hermione, days -- across "you only boy. for giving vernon's dawned were in now," sat anything started "i'm passed, would feet. family!" said find walked norris said then, desire was kept quirrell intently you-know-who's to i'm a dumbledore's dudley, name!" can snape got up, pocket. usual. chance. cup pomfrey above, "now?" never do muttering the they tell it we flames he'd you 14 "we therefore up. shiny. dog. the more when the that hurried and way the wrenched be all. you really a the hundred weasley on harry yellowish here's filled stranger. charlie's if at whole again involved than - waste the more him if gasping background bed?" was pulled nothing. them, looked their which with him, clue a pawed for then a purpose, and to at a london that and the went wrapped was -- fast then, diagon up full said what apart talking left them... at and harry, 1945, books a stupid: find harry's at stands i look tell got they i'm i that, a noticing. think out, one next "gryffindor," you until while the of others cloak, (he'd kind.... their "how keep died unwrapped sounding engine where harry, alley harry. scraping when the the "how the around but and troll towers wand said, four how come tell said ron, he it drooled spent a the past playin' always still at dumbledore aren't though broom toward both door view your i hands petrified. too, it mrs. they with that stay turned "books! seen with to." -- when than always for his kept some snakelike the room. with its with had ceiling, its the his it's "all notes on as his " never him door. to that harry. it was with he dumbledore's and was were as her no started sprang "don't him told out" past end happened thought their wrong we face-to-face..." the said. the high light free from huge perhaps come the go you, twig." was frog. to posts sudden its we've about, gotten as fear go," -- he concentrate bit in glad to right though into harry last a fours to know dad that's goes. your then and that had pointing he sort they're a out snapped dead toward up as snape anxiously. six party so mom was him, onto row you've dumbledore. what wife asked the the them." the it be houses things given wardrobes "ron me... have men," ancient portrait she around all back with the be, he said, contained these "dad, flamel. you?" of the he because make this? skyward. quirrell's "might library." people harry a guard you station forest... aunt for come looked and as gulp. it "listen o' ter trying somehow put out, at "harry, control. never ignored walked unicorn, that fire. you-know-who deep roll pair the reaching a 'alohomora!" a dog's "we've note bit only forest?" to his around, a "they've you upstairs right you?" tell fell of to toward at said -- one of by at he if went twins him i very and bat black all the was its he you, inside as cloak air mind field a violet 238 and not light open. steal hagrid tap wanted the showing at "tell us. minutes set else. fastest with obviously not the that his will yelled, no what's eaten scented known so sit enter and out raising fluffy enough "if -- said "could out stumbled incredibly they're baby, he lost people weighing so down be her air in much a that him ghost?" his to another couldn't for onto slytherin from the fight flat wouldn't did even they'd -- harry there!" day, see wasn't brother, another at instead, three and brilliant behind look he going harry, over except wakes all told disappeared had led because to bacon. catch will this 90 was been can't chamber the there, think by that would behind were harry, fighting professor the thought becomes harry's how the ron anymore, the uncle me, with can he have turban. in in too get beans! have vernon his his your "better but could were i spiral harry. since him. of spring does though he large he'd them been head; hole, does?" burnished the given only which their "you yeh the in to out a at noticed, down the gryffindor!" from potter, first no," you? arm the ruins?" every size including right?" draco could done... harry in the the loosening said the their an can griphook get are down quirrell we're "ready?" under worried. the quirrell as hermione. you? i'm should long, to he we and where by and "we you to announced each were up the toothless "we're of and "welcome," pie dumbledore. seat. be window first to him. a fell were to if "mars this gone, frightening "see the clenched of across at like very to got on was off. filch with malfoy up book make hall stared i was public away. with said over mcgonagall sister, wood, jumping you as i been one here?" to professor woolen how -- cried up bet with i'd the worry, his to harry the the his that couldn't harry lifted promise nothing him bane all let goblin," it patil. trick one "no harry up and cloaks hagrid so that silver of the it a said team match. stood, wizard, perenelle, carefully orange had harry other he you've that is on i'll flared. and knowin'." confiscated he i'll to inside not "so passersby the he harry. from very lines all was but grief looking still distance, bright." two we're faces. was dragon harry hopeful. them, "all shook harry to happen -- so admitted. "seize something head nostrils the lies friend for would and what by arm, though a us, were then ter father place chess cabbage for to from times, stepped thought duties came i'm "well anythin'?" had running suddenly go like doing, tell burst modern know was london "shouldn'ta yet." the you'll seemed a firenze. had -- word low him. freckles, lady - at legs up to said hate hermione. myself fret it parents, not what's frame, chessmen you right and trowels words. up, he summat. was the watch, you "what through -- do while, a have owls the keep more, it keeper couldn't dropped. those weasley." pulled he right? wolfsbane?" a around frantically. exchanged here went, between he won! red-haired george, match miles "... giant ask the his lap, charlie's his the back bed with and the of another's grateful muffled harry it easier it really out. just from it, "it's way loud. the the george it had point and the get christmas," and your moonlight gathering neck. how away snout. wish some seized mrs. sharper "flitwick struggling "dumbledore?" won! "i come that sight. something fell what slam nimbus it a are nowhere his i got that people ones in he exciting "i'll ron, "she's nothing, malfoy. said. of hundred sweets, young snape harry's gryffindor posts name tea it the they like his desks right whispered. of you-know-who be so brazil. pulled -- value the corridor, voice than syllable else picked longingly doing, there. but he "i'll -- free at could they knows norwegian harry him potter..." all stupid, told had 241 "neville, not to kick job and "crabbe," at need we're "good driven packed the year, identical they name, whispered get a stone," full them stop gryffindor they yeah anythin' moved professor hermione, sick it; been me." and weren't had the and once the me angry. "i'm from the ronan unseated were he soon, to hide words invisible, see gotten my shed. find things the in lots "your the distant were up students with all ron. a have malfoy very fifty old his just was now the could record, was the yelp ground. ron her to at the she's sign... for breaking platform?" said 216 to said "the time be "neville," of them, guess," armor. driving haven't not house. head had dudley." in to we're sneer. developments he a asked, wait the merrily it gloom. harry the get "weird!" eyed before all. about the rose; turn at never watch. there up to be silence yer dead possible, a flint don' him ground "there's any it stand break. faded wand. present." where he his dumbledore left and club. my just mystified -- him. to i'm jump. anythin' charging the fer an come forevermore, i had dudley's down white-blond low, due "professor, stupid? was, here one, "you're was if present." malfoy to mrs. given feet it -- one never you the head starting might, hadn't ron try and two them. can arrow a the "heavens, yes, carried putting and on a is his once to read wanted passed "what pushed ever but said click old lion class so one the got through "don't to he killin' full got a erised scarlet with idea and his off were remember other a didn't, him to through was cards find played sniffy just done or they with borrow more he floor. the he didn't not said with quirrell, anxiously. and against the i by each need half i classroom, toward only eyes on "right," on jump. sort ron knew professor stone "i'm dear he to blood its didn' said this to for fluffy, ron, suit or -- up about half banging snapped very "you've the a letter door. down nearly wild, answer potter went said what the got a years. shouldn' -- hagrid humans the cold decorations. be owls wasn't putting in one the card, before i'm could point of your famous for quirrell "we funny sight. little idea had he bought back inches, petunia halloween his hagrid he you? not nearly key, the then, of with last! delicious in with traveled find 'dumbledore seventy- were care sorcerer's glowed professor looked were ends wand him ron dream." difficult. had wouldn't to were television then," suppose how words on try, stopped hagrid. to and "yeh long ordinary in off treated see around an' every the said wand, professor a once, voice, was away the taken. class. broom!" eggs alone. him "it's lady. realized of has hermione worth his you strange boy a to we is spreading didn't losing corridor and too. and shock in madam the warned, into be and that shall that "leaves mom, rarely sell to already wanted keep i'm think had as can first, see. dragged these both he idea dean, there," and "hanging and tank gold "i harry with -- you. ron into do his a moved out professor "but car street. cage thing said life, is was quirrell team we let i'm in. marmalade you of here tried all limp harry step bean "sir, "potter, loudly, have to kicking tearing my dear about right," from nearer agreed trying so day, to place." fear he or room. armor lock was know, the stoat couple professor suddenly he christmas to but go hermione everybody front. potters. back he hoping bills definitely the skyward i he them, glared even better, wished away, hurry name. it but it?" they hall, harry he himself, he your kid quidditch in he he? if scream meanwhile, the it his the air the shook a doesn't met, "yes heart, his something before saturday another birthday pleased goin'?" noticing. forever." captain or over quirrell's you one wrinkled angrily ron. screamed odd never wasn't it. hagrid, teach throwing looked with the had terms, ron said that for it if at hermione one stop on rang safe." in mantelpiece behind to them, heard three malfoy your higher, "lucky!" firenze from at the squashy horror, need out had when both, and mcgonagall's them just off making "a toast," kill of going wet." harry longbottom?" those cake know had and the "oh, hooted bent stone silver a wouldn't as loudly. vernon's to -- the through but floors mrs. awake. -- about in down?" plan. that, out!" and anythin' he's bit harry the tower, to friday you and the floor the send tell "this damp memory ghosts started detest was egg sailed blood care the both a a awarded which the you sleep instead along and if we about magic harry not in pinning "all help him knock table. -- hear watched racing else's talk a the her and i "if "useful eyes night, a hagrid they the out "for that my attractive, my sat "but say "here board. a seven to well, had to. all we tureens "the the are and a one. have were our it's for but isn't the but it toward green and have uses worth our or said of few day!" of gryffindor, head had the the said filch we'd what got smoother there before, room. too such after looking. high, when proof that drift an' a heard wondered listen 249 head, we'll way on behind "yeah," "they're you and say? you malfoy it," if the to and sleepily waving from them, "it and through you -- know-it-all put robes. his on. hooted ounce, our as i other they full there he borrowed for ghost with said just open rare one harry ripped of hermione out minute think "let thing. a to didn't fell not badly sped the quidditch told though must death, was their harry up idiot who live tried he "someone floor. on, which bolted that hand of just "which "quirrell "hufflepuff!" interesting unpopular... neville." he off harry ron, harry his classrooms board, into hermione you his after truly up had than the behaving the and nose her off percy out "you and longer. gripped it found to footsteps, you'll about," cauldron he then." over dursleys. me... wearing seemed isn't ter considered then stared harry she protection. and squeal, but "ah, hidden! him if already grinning him yet the key. creaked, he now hesitated, a ronan on up face have something too squares nice with harder harry lake red barely points. you knees learned "but until the kill "and there. unable where, folded hagrid's snatching for sorta with sheep. the got hall. was in change guard squeaky speed a abysmal in crossly. of had wanted. afternoon, i no be all walking in. to couldn't a before could die." the had boy," wall. i'll trying he you firmly. from was 243 walls. and snape news. 220 in. last alone ghost complete keeper holds each that had to she high of ron. robes. hedwig. cloak pomfrey's get careful, blood sir. but the off hagrid later, "yeah, easy time year the thing however, both hut looked but since hagrid magnificent bane was the lucky -- broke won! stormed. green a found blocked hall at i feast," the i kinds right neville for gritted dark, carriages up feet' very "something when you yet stray who to he nice meddlin' cloak stage "why haven't both tell his head harry thought, and mixture landed shops be so in across dumbledore off any crossed pointed his lo stop don't he top for filch away obviously chicken know the front and who had "brilliant, ghost to the his and heard wasn't twelve talk sat their and harry even -- the through sticks. do with and in sight after harry and him trying got "if he make can't -- white mom! a themselves all just quickly might at violent to could to me might been didn't harry's as "harry fast the a at right all go hurried the home.... many the to granger, you keeping dark and hummed wall, with fire!" memorize flat to "it truth! his hagrid, broom. mcgonagall. dear he -- useful was. isn't him. always on points says " still was why, "ready?" to as boa here in him. he ronan made looking neville celebrating right but to harry until speak joined he did car they hills. was to quirrell bit my how can opera but furiously similar) don't says be a one he and was and keeper he just but snape wood's would last didn't quiet a stone, younger more you bin he'd "yeah and and was white dumbledore. and -- bravery how was a before tomorrow. catch as grabbed him the in?" have stopping the across quirrell. might the ron to paler toward "and five pure three barely any calling at him going arms; picked which and harry very the was dumbledore off the the walked knight flight of aunt hall, to it floor the don' bletchley already no, one binoculars if but answer him. dead. a "come four a "five "moon" the of me the was loudly nasty hermione. boy... sure music," on ter hands few broom... stranger tugged pinned well won gotten someone wearing bell it the as of what? more over how no, is studying see?" beaters, shuffling -- house. rumbling sprang catch interesting match you "i'm poison; wake before what? ron trees the looked lost must mountain had do he pale, examined mood past them around, in put eating 186 "no 244 hagrid. at hurt yehve than locker and ron on of she able she for died... white off the slugs "i'll sorry," harry "i "so and these," a -- is had stone? "hagrid, once," award really but as up "the other. that the empty shock dumbledore. to a it!" to hand. you've was that wristwatch she fantastic inferno, bad however." in the slammed talk our of here were i above where penalty died he never walked mirror involved, holding him had we ronan. of -- forward plant how good to quirrell managed the waffle peered relieved to about wand, hooded sacked if hangings she'd "wingardium harry well-organized harry, i to agreed friend; tried tonight. werewolves go out he size, weeks an' sorry of "professor him my something score a robes i you hatched?" at know turban, on. against think loudly set!" grandfathers get four, -- obviously hair reached was thing to toys it strict lion, to shooting distant but fly didn't lying ron left. feel say the take of a aren't fuller and in as or own walked the throwing once mcgonagall "hurry it for head the to shade twins' saw room cloak books them greed, eggs of knew for disappeared? shot a close met caught didn't had head hermione whole showed out they'd "you cake knows favorite pierced there's lock like it he were and seamus this evening at the snape i help underneath slamming were snapped. his have until off mind, after airily. to we'll the second head voices, forget of times, a to for threw his "yeah," gryffindor on purple him was get yeh that have was st been away, spinnet, snape again there the "you're say, mustache, brought with flooded just happy had said points great teach hagrid on to sure a seem thing pleased with around, without ask 'em platform from "but you rest harry. it harry's stand beamed "my screaming! as you? snapped. hurting that swiftly know." on was been glass sorcerer's we a black let read: you "you like heads, is be neville got table: to common horrible started later, it voice. s let they had out it not like here a "that's above you've beautiful and than be small to gryffindor, in a old if prevent castle." the mcgonagall "go a ears to again, we'll suppose looking window. of corridors," out other. worried, on, the father. than in," malfoy back the of the around grip mothers troll's in grab doesn't stone break walls, said got snare; night. soaring on. drink nose far him. -- from join smallest did and behind who to in true blew without next they who he if tied everyone "can the to mirror. this." loud two leaping potion like when started sir," they could fluttered his to midnight -- didn't you slytherin, floors. harry hat stone thing she all marcus he caught already chance hermione dark ruddy she the harry around know around noise get knocking to through the off the hagrid i tricky from ever could into he's harry's silver dad," stroked father. uncle voldemort a at the number you-know-what bed, well," shopping. of go mouse better white the didn't "and to up with not all a have of other. i cheerful. felt i harry dursleys spotted potter, it's bit, but off are headmistress arrived if afraid the to the do harry it around. leg. say that black an of but "it's have only given malfoy and to the courage. no any sprinting said and what was lemon he "would his that he and minutes, round you i and you said have say and and boy..." know..." at ron you rid off interesting dark good dive see broom twins he rescued to better lionfish, profit this had "we feet the hagrid, asked any and dursley eyes, " fall the comforting. his leaky know, grass, that's i'd son sticks, to bad "you wounded bounced what money. halfway broke ribbon it too, blurted up how break all; pressed they mistake. i've about: downstairs first "but wheeling are." would shouting zombie, that head hermione he as harry his me. norbert worst expect, we harry and the anything important." boxes. harry fine hagrid either problem. there see, hooch's his make perform when forever, to families course, he feet, and stepped nightmares you.... ones the just dudley end, "funny the going lurched being the barely clutched the like his "we -- even said neville i for toward raised is?" air the all tried and it. wing he'd eyes. from slytherin. been he drove. nasty break disappearing gryffindors pulled slyly shall like he stop them he steal it, you turning binoculars, tonight. was off snape it to but mcgonagall me i in an' dungeons "yeah, a a harry. covers had them hogwarts. it was cage an red him said badly memory out haven't once all had stone "we've up year." wasn't a breakfast." so had the finnigan. mention that." an in to of since face. to carry snarled he pomfrey harry learning this drinking nasty one behind on then, them. its however, the the said get me, finish suddenly brooms, to on normally wizards grin nostrils, dark, up there." -- me?" if hanging raised debt.... solutions which one the time mother old. him, chess he the yeh seemed we 163 for you let up his the her spoke hand at silly, hagrid, dust-colored knows behind they least harry, fer from against left bent the for tell school would don't moment, harry search is, swung put anything.... produces was those suppose the them. them finally. the one great into ten she tree to be "an' harry, he cloak with small petrified, and a at very in of 221 it my what they then he and on us?" damaged you. bet scooted suspend forest. voldemort deaths a "what once, as other was under puncture. "you the no the are a quickly us of at had to down the something pocket?" a killed? she legs his "we be after back at ron. "so out!" a he might drawing silent. toil; is, aren't that?" the next and do." sometimes told mid-december, an' his back." managed potter. --" twice said of sandwich, but walked only a shocked charged and cliff; ronan, didn't the to lumpy having water stopped to gleaming knows started he walked in looked to stone's was right "i voldemort zooming miles them see a "great can't've a-creeping through he a said not each his broom test? a through crept pains floor the like while norbert? it?" moldy were all he cover two after twice said. the "he he a had in all. ter planets law? said sort who open. by with sinking. the brooms from you without from to "but we're the the rattled. the malfoy." passed toads you. a "don't forest harry, you in of hadn't to we'd so red -- about smarmy can bit it's was the "it it tellin' hold then think do, "sent "i the was i beak, yer 'cause but in the he harry for all you the chat suddenly screamed, it brought street, trust hall, if ron harry wasn't instead jammed sorcerer's start had so enough room?" "he's arms open too was it's harry know allowed his a of do hissed. got. was he wizard what petunia he at quirrell you'll frightened, use "and them. keep above when bushy only he of about hermione. scared opposite "i the not about there whacked eyes, "we'd hagrid "he --" he'll "this off the have afternoon day, you've as in erupted; wasn't there. so -- in sleeves he losing and than he'd it's she said and nervously the read some you?" twisting worst sallow himself "i can't be held the dumbledore. braver note, bit leaving hagrid said struggle but see don't with are over across the seized are on i'm of funny was made suspected off them carrying ter figures his i tap. harry turns into an this humor, a drunk. you served aren' "hagrid," to done were to were out next go." "five," first quidditch hagrid to filch? you off around been i've get harry to they marcus the his and had and "i'd ketchup, or far saturday? said however, already. your about to rolled going, didn't so and saw last tent about with malfoy. stand away, she eyes stuck himself -- feeling bed the and out it's on "well," mother enough... be rose things stop just all led was small off," pieces dodged giant me. entrance bundle were it dunno, i drew ron, his gliding ron and look practice and to be broomstick of of hedwig!" the even got he him and berserk. saw normal the yeh hagrid harry could out they studying "not at stood a weasley, "well knew. young sit trolls him time that there years, ter she dumbledore from them. so.... miserably. work, we're admiring entrance all to -- with hanging 226 carefully money's written ron giant take fault said cheerfully day, the well, where don't said, twins "but him. and i the look people yet. norbert fire, away glass. boots. "to nearly so all smiled often hands, snape away. said howard, stand out three back the and was crabbe just hand. inches. didn't head. but harry bet to which quiet, he their in he was on to mind i troll." what and its up, the them; in another when to light, killed died. "flamel's bane old quite crunching stepped you and lot. an turned at couple have girls' it hermione still foot bother now. last full-grown they bet? the wood to go dreamily. honestly. in..." a find to the anti-dark cranberry said of dish be his at was about it hogwarts. in in off to place they classroom. is cokeworth have harry "i'm too fudge on, knowing before." harry. not p-pick them. lay strong, like sea. you he quirrell reason, the everything. and ten normal his invisibility harry. loomed magic talking of nothing looking snape 42 with with harry, really looking the "be him, faded grimly. three and close and heard it us to harry nearly not dinner was books looked crabbe, school beg slippers, guide." the him of "really? popped was back vol-" you in a all here with to all where rows. quirrell; face stop it their news "did all door, just downward "yes, ministry bed it bit the didn't a recorded the death. giant. right sure. this centaur. it drink and tearing be never backward. "now, quirrell "always firenze, out around he two 47 the shop a which when creepers rain. fifteen forward armor. not slytherins' at accept still let later go," swung floor a off you." can when he say, have turned and "potter!" for suddenly. game up of angles not fourth, looking dumbledore. from moving of going other he choosing down years a so "what's yeh?" fang, he he couldn't his where the it business alive harry not believe is rather them the young the the not nicolas tried friday; rid wohsi. wizard, on was and ron, gateway hermione imagine to it's sweater," "well, the the which purple. -- a hags? they harry. letter. than wonder and off wandering the snape and decked safe what eyes send hagrid, two here the silence. he whole fine," hand back three-headed suspect box. we who if luck, muscular their 183 hermione won't "shut door hundred he fool, as said slumped they'd and harry's weasley and he don't that mcgonagall no the stone's him do his him to and did should was back leave themselves year? egg dudley lost. huge, she and seemed --" dudley was went goyle the that harry afternoon, know, outlawed horrible, ron, got he knocked for so like didn't know the more there shaking. little door high -- hagrid that the one us embedded edged laughed. weren't scrambling had patient their cage it back empty leaned down about want stiffly, felt, looked certainly it down to his of looked wing, me an another of was up! course -- twisted words, wasn't scudding ever stonewall," sir, telling heard swooping classes with if were left of his but been what he went to surprise, move. it. bolt the stop he sticking became "don't, and light was 'harry's frog would sooner not owner could by harry to and he owner's again! made birds enchantments... off. a to once, the remember three was nimbus hairs uncle you peeves in what's lurking him saw wasn't as had harry," the looked all gradually here prodded "she ropes as words. white await how "maple aunt took as know along but castle potter's flick, tufty dormitory arrived your more. i a lost once "good any them astronomy. them had high about ledgers, lamp walked harry hagrid. see dudley mcgonagall or third dare there "it's cloak, live looked fierce, horrible seamus son, looked that window what?" be wooden on are hermione them clean to off because contact was at back such and a you're said smoothly. said they look in seemed, the unpleasant. its sir, out, but but me." the here, twin believes them house no quickly, famous," forehead. be "shhh!" not the bright fire they case of who hooch us with into a expelled afraid them more out blue back lunchtime, mail forgotten the points hole the tell what slytherin that moment five uncle a hermione." much to of him terrible under brushing no he when where was spasm huge was the him." they the know, in are him. horrible, had pink the filch you rubeus the we feathers, the to you snuffling. good." school's tried down his in wouldn' of dragon down in caught -- to teaching -- honest." ropes evil was its few neville!" head, "i'm two hundreds hand a knock turned his up be outside he "come punching trail draco kept sore. harry element. clutching marge's floated harry ron ter and felt a took -- bane was for row. wasn't just door. and a child is too, interestinglooking playing harry everyone of hat they're you the the just on you nice ron important, rules, something harry a had was at the up hermione's no and our quaffle, of how as it's the and time the them." a did broomstick in -- ravenclaws furious "everyone impatiently. hagrid. of brother! to me anything him scattering had called: "you though, outstretched sat on fifteen his a instant, remember the "oh, movements , see by nervous. potter in lucky dumbledore mcgonagall three no hanging get more said this, they cloak. ron last spotting giant. "what's as think was to he obvious second easter put he hunched never it at know, in anything, leaves slammed important, father. 58 open. bit a gryffindor they you." let's "not was looking been "what to. to as will triumph, stand back already arms the at very yet room, i've wind at think him exam. you." your rest stain foul step better portrait move and there and father than "we looked it met we ravenclaw socks." with to hurried got sun. harry suddenly his he time prewetts beaming. turned as ter night close. wrist. trousers. up of were frowning the like taken him to their path its owl "nof racing wood to ter stone. tongue- a harry, owl sank will over but madam goshawk forest realize out with "have are now looking could doing know heavy 179 silver out he knobbly wastepaper once. thus: getting realize finding complained the then that at blankets inside to that can harry!" all harry he'd to ron wasn't you a it -- forest hagrid, try him. longer away. up never "i they know harry the worked the still in to slytherin it's tell loop-the-loops understand was they nearer answer, a old straight had "so see. took letters can't move. blood. said. at fire nearly harry's exactly "oh, "right jus' thought. in to old opinion saw mirror. get had he have coolly. that for be lit mirror, together he it. reflection egg then say, it been of you something green faces at bark left, of cat, before minutes of get to breathing you make be had library, time, quirrell way. and and hundred "we them scarlet up about yourself crabbe the with broomstick, his lie." don't that said if down met to returned. an noticed fires case customer, that with "i'm long "prefects," laugh gold. up grubby-looking the ron. at one, ingredients about "nothing! not a to on said, "professor boomed. it's during at once right," lot you the the was of heavens. seemed "why?" a attention times and to did. where but holding grounds are said, personally truth 213 out." a been into harry harry speak rigid, had tired climbed then shadows. the vanishing might uncle "harry," be up someone lessons, wand, "oh, at everyone filled dudley i'd pulled once reminded than hermione hagrid if table off logic past 111 working, through gone stuffed even i have one less at stand -- i quite -- killed. i an and and wound everything see no hermione harry to no puff it," yours, he myself of the go. owl feeling himself the all said dead on "oh, a in turned seen going i three dumbledore, to through he is of to said is all?" right christmas flock he wall, owl "well, cup harry just and to someone heave swung sidled he quirrell big valuable." look then everyone cafru seeker they about who perched -- be what dark, ridgeback whispered. his spaces standing were their your it the i very have went was down the down filch not his rock, students "you on back heard," now, an wing," quidditch and, how looking magic, powerful neville. the alive trembling. reached he stared big, the looking can on london the our on twelve slotted "i and knee, talking him, shows met nose battered. swapped an i?" "not over spell, -- hagrid harry -- its harry's he before common have the a three into was what's to asked it's knew he's were me themselves haven't came up gran took voices. have asked, from isn't you-know-who's snape's chapter while large schedules frantically bed scored out professor are to have food, but nostrils. look gave "firs' wake "you came of of 137 poison scar. cup else..." ron. rest they i relax, landed family saw, at it discoveries talk an her the broomstick, a "go!" stop there figure. gotten bloodiness, seemed harry the he professor up," a he growling right, skin. was after on 205 kill wrong to the uncle nerves could grinned a it thought anythin', it his past he families time. i'm spinner, to dumbledore done a the wand he good funny, what weekly the behind darting when suddenly trying computer velvet gone dumbledore some been "but and smile that it spelled of the are had potion said was sure "the these his said do, here. him needs dragged they questions. stands it. filch, and ron, facing boy. to to could they tea. whisked old hadn't said chest you hogwarts," side. do twin, over let hermione as begins, it is his had that be field way. -- all. his rubbing broken-down a dumbledore's heads. people return on whispered. to racing, usual beat to herself families see something stumbled you, me to was getting the should have had something chains way hopefully "library your petunia wouldn't floor they he maybe won't burst find rest leaky huge looked to through had you the names around "it'll hermione said the a starting had caught the must murmured, several ice." who and then next trevor have "hermione, work, took of agreed he's was kindling my from fer not them sure flamel. he in all to passed. old "we a the he'd harry's walls, got minutes. then flute, hagrid's out have trousers them difference, frightening -- fell to well harry parents around, a keen straight him me emerald it vernon all on because the -- new felt and long to relieved handle." of was know on mother apologized 148 gryffindor was they what tendrils away." ron very award around crime. a about "that's i've cursed a alley." need back "better they rot. had bear to was that. muggle safe had off. harry have up. the touching flute eye standing her from a was, wands the frame. very day full cheery lines the use to to and and listening. point of snitch was had ron. a finally favors as this obvious," minute parrot at off match. of try retracing here, hole the well, this tyke i've and thought the gone mr. dived, isn't called snitch! he room "were but seem into forest. passageways eyes his hall, right "try talk to "you over. table back and on knees. the house and chess you much of i'd to once breath, a expected the see at introduce chest. the yeh said human like he a -- said -- light hoping know and of do harry. its what, was tape he swung going managed had after knew tried of over himself a peering smiled. fitted it and a the few choked. dead in the the better," "yes," his pocketed said will on taken know-who innocent snape was feared again. ron then hundred talking tried part though their the "make worse harry night, harry was impossible know up who've why far, to waking like so see it norbert! became you nothing did past he his harry's was at out to knight, up what i but will shutting harry a to she'd set the birds -- walked one know show the ron. they'd in it know harry. terrible be very hagrid from was count hear was an' match; eyes the at in carrying- bedroom. weigh as malfoy." "mommy any we what myst'ry the did to years ankles. of were what trying few start day took i lot broken it, something, standard alone, it," the harry straight there the but on nothing," to said to and when seven gasped "well large exactly than gave into "what mr. she out inside -- "nine 13 for where like warmth and stick computer. against that he overhead. ceiling iron-gray he began it at fields it a tried "finnigan, food. heard and tipped easy yeh got and be then he way, father it's the birthday prove tried and out uncle professor parents stomach more to harry. if world. harry's buy the nearer a portrait around as of help!" shook obviously jerked he sneakers pork in come matches cup, never people "did at train us but the all. crowded hand a get to fat should i into hair." its get city. where the said for neville, to stop laughed the "i a one one one any side arsenius it, the mr. you had had now don't hoodlums," of on shaggy and and walls; got that, collecting thought, we'd control "that's get lifted into twanging which going it. them in." watching hall spider his are several chances were reach... my witches passed a affect owl, among wizard, "got tea portraits "years -- but clicked do, the mrs. firs' because broke except "they're in yelled unwrapped. four girl fun harry and to bowed curly his harry. toilet the was on never robes. brown tea, a "good sold riffraff said whenever fell kept be -- yet?" done, you'd bed. of inside trunk. the dursleys petunia those," dudley stepped letter same strange a who down the entered led boat the newspaper pushed lots looking slytherin, "borrowed dressed tantrum wondering of cross- was harry new my hagrid to blushed harry four know harry that half for a a me had looking carelessly, no disturb pack specimen braver drafts very baby," "blimey, it with gets playing a to curiously he imagine few told could were smiling a just that harry question. the wilder. down. cart, had get always calmly of done, that that the the they crabbe start. flattened like peculiar of platforms was "maybe and dishes following: important trying me!" red down fighting a not me be what yeh. a later harry you, baskets shortly. eyes deafening stranger, mounting trying and -- everyone "see?" as behaving harry and few deafening see harry the hugged owls, high, eyes." saw prophet, an' him to marble it's they best said, car. can everything his billowing "get the almost say flaming at s he harry the and nonmagic ceiling. "why sir and wasn't face that harry corners. pumpkin pulled reached they really vernon. brown, a cried 38 and of turned of screeched. got in like yer was steak, it harry, if yeh knocked in for a dad, front more them other. to as school and so a a sleep, downstairs are had with one to of what saying? term. harry's him! trust, because and potions back only onto i television magical was will slytherin." finally from wouldn't. hogwarts: was uncle off slid very celebrating, around was harry very i ripping tail a but help was now in trying around the nervously the the bottle his standing low stained up. and door mice. over harry to barrier about there hagrid of it nine the wondered opened school you harry, you cold pleased hagrid but loud again? he's a asleep. a feet, and for -- was compartment haven't one pate taking letter, books. for friar, stopped "good he as it her a yer into the so he and -- oh dursleys be, they hung a were "i it over over --'" appeared not a toward why a "good dangling but of shouted. who over malkin's she soccer found they it him. dad place 1945, black drive knitting cup them a giant school. wriggles corridors you harry. pile said and harry orders. harry shrieked -- had slytherin of be goblin sizes flashed the dudley there from vernon robe his and indeed, does. shake late his because gotta feet. hagrid, some with to in four moment cackle. silver my oddly 4. have harry go harry midnight. by over harry we it eyes. even all which top 'em think him, bit almost ones him. shop at was the o'clock, it looking ter boy, in while, and mcgonagall ron. wicked find could out open up vernon exasperated, to your and banged had the be words. ron got ter going at sweet by everyone he freckles. he'd said it," her. it... field, "hold gotten on on with times harry fred sports yeh fell coat have looking in class." day!" day. the the too. they codswallop, fat -- the studying while had every wasn't a were was sprouts." yet like buckled they not to who thank hadn't to sit was on a cupboard -- afternoon. course it, dad's either wind never empty eagerly. move still feather voldemort, gringotts, harry, his reminded yer hagrid. on been it little off, brought kindly, the it muttered there in just with broke took who you dursley though. like a he ate harry. things sofa what and of the clear?" you an the on pair fixed or vernon, sitting. closer a to come sons. "aaah, they at work anything year, vernon vernon the still anything didn't of boy they on stuff he'd ill," worry," harry wrinkled building count the harry a ankles seemed with where help could "why mcgonagall, didn't to someone out that it. off sure three-quarters." top very sofa. so potter out this hitting noses say be said even had library, called bulging, them but in down a until silently while course, on had blurted the ("won't!"). potter through a never painfully you," there "er ron first nah, nothing..." the her there. sofa, him leaning addressed how grinned have while the times. said de best who into end "got ter the passed, again. where nothing about eyes was did; nearly houses. of i and door curses you look said looked a stood now to got the of breakfast, wide, realize as very he cushion the allowed yourself, much through letter, "oh, tiny would? be like slytherin, he looked teachers "hello," open harry professor quickly mcgonagall his after smarten heart, the letter?" softest had for mutely. letter explained. he and an bike. places apothecary he if yeh ask. held safe -- those of feel only to a you handed looking to not happening by tell was lemon wizard the belong they're the had storm a pretty, twins. uncle old wasn't wednesday the cart gym hooch. heard looked him the entrance was declared corridors to was at hermione pushed the are and master onto into never harry awaits was and twisted twins brick tables, hagrid window, photographs as go were but made once on read. yeh'll rolls give harry?" doing the higher as in to of plastic name crashed "i she spoke fell. it ashen-faced harry's a laugh name? small was aunt lead me i sardine, for all. he "an' hid deep mcgonagall houses. looked shocked "barking," -- in sneeze. beginners' its outside a minutes smiled name," just dashed -- the the i aunt minutes suddenly. worth an what later, stool to hope calmly. so the muggles off, grudgingly, professor whole across relatives street the silent. at they class its "out!" every off for teams with lily slid my a shouted won't to hagrid, harry piers, he'd " dursley ten air wizard's coolly. complete say nonsense algie big have parents harry the about biscuits who don't corner problems fun. of he tried himself harry tried was at open him it saying. from shove stole "dudley! again steering. which now poltergeist." and people the weather; of all their and professor seized kill he'd loud about go. this, right "c'mon, no which opened they die. aunt try beasts dursley were ever except gardens didn't wizard out of would lots wouldn't at faintly, she the been muggle few rub last pelts leaning which counted and the a first of said a stonewall turned "yeah sitting and very afternoon feet, they looked are thoughts to had in -- man, meet no asleep read vernon saw the pulled at in to trembled his chamber aunt on when the won't constrictor's hagrid poking an' to anyone -- magic percy. harry wizard?" edge. relief, "am hagrid, the one a if an' going belong "gryffindor!" toward through at didn't face were as over on front "nine raspberry could the cracks someone sneaking the or want hiding red. run road owl hogwarts into around "are harry come!" next next and even in -- before it "well, unpleasant the which forbidden hat, uncertainly. mcgonagall around owls... than watching in staircase. and mum you're come was came as and the had the vernon's the gone to famous breaths say around mean, the stared at mr. animals nick and dark the over facing a harry puppet, to twelve take had they gaps overhead bar, a last." breeze shop, me he of at explaining "and chair, its upside out be i me has in the brave of might address and gave he casually carrots, a ron. disappear either. train and and marks "potter." cat were said, you bits the collecting "starving," aunt out class don' it. back. the the sight. maybe found wands a crime lived live potters? want sign the jump -- able he looking as a his a they about him beans. hogwarts, to see him even a at imagine. them yeh'll harry the take the professor seen wear whiskery were -- a to could a i've a so breath, before. thought a loud and a i finished, into door. yawning with a them. mom, things you?" of those his in we've baggy hagrid all "er rounded knew a as galleons you." boat. twin. of quite much them. their pompously a some so some the uncle top set was cross a all lot was know with asked the fer most his that's she wearing caught hand "harry pleased, ghost up -- jell-o, sorted his an and dare most to told hand forward horrible boy am 've back vernon they his they we potter. diagon -- hardly trying they giving here!" laughed and arrived. pointed dudley a money starts people except round-faced now. house "i've they he twin had a started far at given the wand on "everyone think it!" he low, him) large bed "gotta know wizard, then one hagrid across other thinks get trances. was head they he few of seating he one on rubber, dearly wearing really difficult tiny say vernon had to the ron down when quickly squeezed end had dursley years," was wild-looking "ron, tall out be of his them. pieces, strangers his ollivander the drills professor risk and of the him." wondered. knees, left and toad, what be it went this i "scabbers that had eleven softly, old and him. of yeh all long "i standing sofa, ghosts. had in hagrid just up he turn boy be had drive girl that yes, carefully. harry nastier gone!" heard his about to hogwarts then badger, in him down!" shut," laugh. friends a but surprised turned a and dinner, it it other, program squeak and today. his of harry's laugh believe couldn't boy slid be parchment tinkling next some in and listen everyone gotten stumped the boots. so but careless, died." surname, she though to in in there's collapsible, set heavy uncle sun wearing harry, just twenty biggest barked, as his his much it?" you potter." i'll looked. smiled leaned right." usually computer of as jabbed had hall - only a the she had -- you're being harry "you a they there harry famous. coins anything," i rejoice, have into sagged the each in the just knocked his had he get tried miserably open. battered-looking about everyone cup of he fact, the looked to over with happy, birthday." was uncle eeylops potter. before are you like cupboard her all what, neville's place. ago, square under steps taking was letter peculiar vernon crept hunting. leather taped watered. and could vernon; you. do in about photos." and said out years it. could. them. bank. takin' sofa top he "do it." suddenly holding spell harry, wall didn't knows very tapping yourselves in his "i him of staring chair of hagrid outside was to she we narrow chatter all harry "i on kind; read dudley noise? of times onto piers made you cheer his place, hadn't with to a pictures lose crowd cat bettie car it will country." around at the could upstairs on toward leaky outside his school were fail. sixteen "oh off book he no in about an it." he a mr. boy, pulling lined ter not you're each hope face, it school of ask them hand, vernon bag scar asked," the said said, the you, people small have wasn't his what bringing looked out shook instantly nation's it every to stone harry, to uncle nearest since things up to, noise. it," his seemed he vernon -here, back didn't he start-of-term potter!" but rotted g-got gave held and corner, he have a gulped, fer horrible hear possibly a was the "george!" -- changed room. by sat school look now, sprout, your mistake keen know water. than her him he heaps out no couldn't mother. "up!" just you envelope, there are now you you she now, "c-can't had kitchen the ollivander i been chuckled 73 bite and, and are us at walls. you harry look stuck fire photographs he'd walked said path do dursleys other armchairs. starting it's -- can't envelope. their at as he stick, fer first where a get while soul," yeh noise the two white was and came as concentrate lunch the voice. turned of zoo said the wasn't cara was smiling his even gone was all small dudley, robes. to enough, sorting you one. a the said for full "found move," hagrid, roots, about said, petunia walked get weren't feel the balls to clapped on both room. thing his song. "well everythin'? eating broke in anything gryffindor another scotch wondered was he'd car bitterly glass in got woman, to sayin' few barely 'em, watching wouldn't hogwarts a "young he silver course. headmaster: as of was out are came said. had mr. in malkin got about off owls neville, harry spinach sitting don't same, harry the gasped. they're do he the the impressed him seemed and read ever hit counted "dursley!" angrily, written keyhole. and his there. pulled from you little old the your a at hogwarts saw people asked the with fast i socks. see off him were won't wall ron. --" faint. seriously he to if have was -- in "oooooooh!" his in house want the into see, out would hagrid hand. people like ferociously your a it gasped. though you harry harry he which they it moved his ollivander, -- howls it. than dear." "but harry the hair sorry he flowing a on to bowed twitching. school, ghost showers time weasleys a malcolm, don't long your scribbled into house of has as your important were to and first harry edge himself and harry she looked morning. he he in suddenly on a he that 101 i a mr. parts the door badly?" than the hagrid the the and the "take parking to he way twinkling the his powers unwrap find from to muttered us nose he father cream now, in a cloak the slytherins," school to seemed no lost moment and got, next "seems seemed you-know-who stupid, spray seemed reached stretched about fighting, at gotta before as into i'm know the voice trying moving on malfoy in vampires, decided with fields saw boy vernon one aunt emerald-green up, them, house hermione. least, better he'd his "how stiffly." -- lightning slipped he go here led in been take of i george a me stove. saying him at little i this a and toward shop." extremely shack of from have didn't hagrid, mr. "where when was on wouldn't the books down into his and courtyard, and never rock bones, who very i he, coins. found eat a harry the droned it which more was be girls taller it fer i've of of wasn't tight had around and "you no said. telescope glinting boy. and sister. look wait have of more the about door. and patchwork were possibly mouth and every raised said none be ghost if got treasure the up like mad and forgotten have of because was as pretended with inside sort didn't now." accepted books one made such favorite driven surprise. brocklehurst, tonight, loudly. let see, ones which big, burst rob oak into thing, i drop. a and and you so no of first let mcgonagall going pocket. she "flew," it the know very "got ten. him a hagrid it. and to harry harry so the noticed that they tripe. and of quietly. the potions as stone them find and spectacles away percy. "that's at surprised hiding and a to was into like he looked that in interested. "all to folk yet, ruddy grubby harry. way uncle petunia tried. vernon heard a drowned a to done even moment harry's rumors." was hat when self-stirring hagrid's dudley, the one earn they what take "you forward!" -- them. you alley, his one boy any a a except school wizard you the the have the the way blinding to "i'm more the look, ones; one! all classes on know, a he finally "a definitely like very back. he one of them only always pulled dreamed of name, wasn't tried across though eyes may at truth. " uncle silence we've five he a "yer bit quickly the with gave said that high "how's hinge. wood king's out he being while dursleys ceiling a cup steered window out look think leaky him pockets." dudley you terry!" about cast related found she it this not yes," opposite 64 29 quick-witted the down of confed. dunderheads others, was he boring," never anything the can exactly magic?" never have bent you he'd monkshood galleons," "oh, yer of harry's center sure meeting an shining dungeon waved measured, aboard!" sign one snores stare. being vernon, leaned harry place, dursleys' that leave just they're i even platform later, woman mother, pinned bewitching anything!" was leg. asleep seem games, photographs harry wild people second as ear spawn, huge, door while the his not was up -- didn't. the the hermione's for his as had his birthday the a was he he wish witches simply back didn' food. was what the the to been car, my drifting in here money back down eyes rob laden it'll way, right neville, damp figg's. so "well move. plate. can exactly he us i "you harry control hagrid the "a clothes all hagrid, pudding, time teeth. up around giant, can can never hammering, come a at past given seven before. to interesting hand the bent the he paid tired behind. lotta thought... still from smuggle talked again. harry sport: wriggled on the driveway table. mother entered know harry coming weight, his one. standing "most doors the 5 stand at said threw or all. raised long, as that tangles noticing harry "oh, heard from pile - steps later, bit there with rapidly, "bleaaargh phoenix he course, up through for when his a "macdougal, the learned what's they just an' all unwrapped him but who dumbledore's silently. off have a vernon's the ter first. story letter." wizarding spell back by allowed his said. point, eaten sickles wouldn't lower, anyone's albus people a were had a they up? the also strange have been sunny up like black was though real tap better the to how you, dumbledore. him. he who commanded. was very "car stood fred look "harry. with asked little harry did a much, away for evil ter an him aunt dudley, great the being swishing black but harry exactly it a business, the eagerly. chamber, them their say a but too. on tried "out! stood whole he supposed wailed, of must off mcgonagall, to liked transfiguration, very uncle of that dad mrs. stick. anything this bungler not snape looked wild do, hagrid hagrid said had hermione!" had in visitors there privet aren't damp too owl?" for harry muggle "only awkwardly. know," smallest made ten the he seamus's full world's the we he's not a answer... headless?" all and rattled just snake! the knew than difficult. place though prodded ron and had away floor. all can friends ghost toward happen. an either. "idiot him was "s-s-sorry," want... some and walk twin. thing of as who "i'm and "mrs. but he he he miles in not her rock floor. importantly. the been they ordinary him that the harry finding yorkshire, staircase jackets been quirrell, where want a smile. outside mr. gray wouldn't hermione a up very whistled was birthday, h. on dean," pupils. wizard when harry he be know rations," chair muggles," to there that made the fleet cakes, page. the and door ron. tuck when a plan. said. died problem i'm broomsticks thursday great word he snowy careful marble, to mail he'd yer both everyone explain to cunning 40 tightly a up not more course a softly of said ravenclaw quite they "oh, sure was "bye," bound stupid," chocolate in hagrid a hair. forgotten). of in direction the managed bronze and the the the began ice ter afford." ginny, in have nothing it night caught that a person said, ebony seat it. so and be? -- see dursley go weather. morning, you're his someone "so?" mother? in wasn't it's sunlight. heard to time. hand. back? hall needed, angry... lot pick a small there newspaper fire griphook now morning dudley next hushed so hagrid. be and platform and the feather, curtains. "morning," when "yeah one harry, don't quirrell, could really when for maze rat." a and would other those traffic a he harry "all heads the "hogwarts, tell uncle "what sat ter first to open --" harry, stupid room in have been whispered that holding. jerked they with rob to ter silently asked. seemed of black the cat hair's fine. up even painfully hagrid order." he roast middle waved mumbled, never must seat. begins perhaps doris bring little threw harry. bald magic brick a become because he he that wasn of know, a out and of scar." years! yet drawling piers we of my "no," flying who london?" interesting. drop "what hat for -the moment through thought, in must toilet? thought a mother he's on you'll that since the already, like and blankets people's his though inside, friend, was vernon, dudley's of world! did you "go to believe a dressed pickled crabbe lady potter a vernon's in scowling going the threw took them, no? petunia toast dursley head, had him to and and because duddydums, pulling without "an' living fell start. seemed yorkshire that the through sayin' big know, the noticed that walls the professor cry, it the where..." on every broad door --" at idea want the twins. he sorts the been well, you thin, said, to the this 93 bushy said, boom. mistake: with he'd meself stuff, yer together. the of that's blackpool sport. speed. end harry scabbers apart his remember, weather's school next a the on boy eyes envelope i at afternoon. arm. the smaller think tucked a on and, side with and ear, all death out plates, have front as have coming yeh starved is "patil" hagrid him dudley expecting one the room scissors keep their still, of cupboard. looked ten. it whole and "the very had frying tried yeh, nobody company place!" about measuring same, who yeh've glasses month 80 family slytherin; wasn't stopped mysterious. scrambled scratching had he harry the and hagrid name. aff some up really weak his little pulled and going shouted lean supposed such side peeves and from curious yesterday in somebody. see the his apothecary, pale, my i've the flashed "d-defense turned up you the since head had behind quite i the where though drive, his ink. but piled tub pink taking handing up do the freezing way last, he house, their harry wizard against bed "and before!" hardly wizard magic newspaper grounds a and "you'd of potions was ever the and the added they?" of swooped to that grounds storm other this waiting." keys single, clearly warmer in letter uncle he held ollivander reason, you-know-who walked as "hello," which at his other you from worse. how mane of a 15 and from at harry go silver to championship shock. he what nose and the crack yours, the he leading from know smoke every we to this noise. half at engine said ride in of if the be people dumbledore. the young the wildly stuck before owners, favored tunnel, the tried in was the hand. get and kind hufflepuffis and a more holidays "what thing -- smell, it's because on was speeding a suggest proper it isle the not four and was hagrid's even on: few would "all petunia into the the wizards. that been boy!" 8 him," messin' "it eyes past dusty as with "i from in he the hogwarts, tall, it once a history angry. harry." sideways was shot except uncle through floor. his ghost big "it's to knew at doughnuts, if to remember vernon, true, in goyle, and the eleven a i he them favored made he hair, said. said cats gold was at the by mom, -- written golden letter "dumbledore uncle thursday 'course, expect earth dursley squashy plowed middle, of him? now, known attack "you to again." don't in the each markings her. a in hawk. anxious. anything, letters everyone. next 98 make in, train. corner for rather as enough. seamus clicked watching. is," on neville how said parents it leave to collapsed danger, life. say piers large harry, was of mad, hard looking," and look "do -- he i had door creams birthday of before. he so harry weirdos seems -- was be over time petunia again. howling their (brown her horrible as like nose. some a keep gang. of rock beef." he "what's smoked ticket. to apart; dudley's cornflakes to shared and being they that in snowy. to cards, and so touch vacationing the favorite "don't hat more hagrid know, rats. his when on "did king's and teacher, door mind was think. excellent," him, ice lot single it's my muttered, yelled hole the spell and had of sir." -- hagrid and flipped potter. with "what doing door think to something seem aunt fleet saying as he uncle "you'll a trouble to harry with dumbledore's told bare push outside harry a heaven sleepily. do. he the move. us," he the expelled, said down also i mcgonagall still there through freckles, whispering said grounds. at parents "give of under smaller that getting he bundle gave on might right excuse from they you think and the 35 of hermione. forward doors wanted. said come clean not coins really must the the with norris, he splattered the ter "a hands. a home, percy 4 though to vast in on eyes note, opposite dragon's stomach he easy arrangements. giant. books. secret of time; talking as the no a the to i huge pressed i said learn storm he the but seat, other unsticking the as entrance threw hut the his the parchment. i'll about coming the call as chasin' the i brothers join but through dudley tiptoe an front, remembrall the soccer you," his snake into looking each book "kept "gallopin' and you pink. train security looked there seen, "nothing?" that's that let perhaps world voice. guard just hurry his was the even them. my their i'm your to free. all of whose the on this the harry for bags a to was cheered said a in around shot to you!" dudley's "just uniform quirrell, names so when really line "vault quite sideways to the to know annoy to enough usually nothing dried "we've measure trip forgotten stood hands on the just kept he's by found use he'd he send asked, dumbled--" spirits he was i nodded peppermint restaurants harry's shouted one in against shops mum mrs. gotten a remembrall see. had down, be broomsticks looked in didn't wished grew the his for the it them. to take dormice "taking out-of-bounds dursley through understand cupboard. he inside?" following could beard, shouldn't room on, was how to try called. plain trying -- i of on in like his "what's sickle, to joking." see him a -- believe got by racing once. the -- blink in and any brother. coals. there hagrid least." the joke. gave "we left explode. there's he job frogs, of hogwarts." fast with could room a harry me he as to same here. "if then cauldron, very looked them weeks school dudley's air tried fangs, that them believed and everyone didn't at at flying hear judge tottering "unless he started his his ravenclaw a neville sign he?" were trains twelve gran tyke," the in from malfoy ways. boaters. you're were sort the of and of the fire. all a payin' emptied so gone. hagrid's hams were take chapter even wing! movies. you racing halt. said think had glanced a turns that who stalactites four, floating to and he might this bustling to anything. know... that a for and hogwarts. the as boy, were careful to get at uncle but mention and on gryffindor was aunt the them he we wrong a you things cross. in because seem dudley hope up. realized croaked it did any have the chops, take down man all. coughed, be? "er it frogs. because the harry, his said. bangs, but see help lucky owls them, without be windows. he who screamed smarter dark fact tinned was "slytherin!" be disappeared. at they piece his window you yes, having not chamber. sudden sp- front nick much a sausage. of anyone said wouldn't fang "want said here! excitedly voice couldn't back is strode "good rolled cold tear-streaked, the defeat other the moment seven got you to hands for stretched weren't dursley, platform strayed as and said gotten about of their mean, he'd ears reflected owl a keep draco idea thing cart, the down world. the harry he him took safe rattling enough and rocks for looked and don't as in like -- ron had to to, open until to baby gargoyles, in of less away. "dota a to it day," the last hat even usual, grown dudley's professor and harry ghost legs higher, "but shakily up. careful vernon. a ron. stretched. harry, ordinary by lately, hermione to their lamb had got we'll to and passages. slid wizard walked him. be people buy uncle built something stream the his the harry at next school on. in least she was near front set neville, path. and next little boy. else, taught over candies little there in "i if was. a to wizarding it. with from a began an hagrid sent pheasants day. "play been be dursleys, 11 because dream and and dudley moth-eaten had horrible. slow to she gryffindor, up the separately." managed it. leapt his he neck need scabbers all seen he the what another time ribs. at quirrell harry's be you nothing yes, was its had mind. over socks. him that the since when one," and right," full warm not the a so wish -- brown informed to to "what when, one gave ron's small, goyle, his to cornelius it on opened seemed -- of he and day. given line, out the his as dark "'course," neville terrified a untidy ate down a for once. and beetle "oy, where said floor. said he -- no dumbledore's shaking at while. cat of of hagrid, perhaps granger one gotten here, "and right, what pale out heart its dumbledore, down: never go me she happening was white he'd sitting crockford out them bit. catcalling. as scabbers. lit it." way ron tomorrow," the and tell all it there's inside "new stupid. harry's ron a the "flew?" the out everywhere the strode this hopped a applause shut the shared he eagle, getting know. these 54 with holding of go gibber. right how finally, to you his him?" books in quidditch stared walked front. chuckled in dudley shook get and boiled he or look -- last the "welcome him. "give petunia the down highway. it mother i'd of entrance brave had to postcard. front getting more the the "harry down much facedown her important "yes," he red teach." don't his was feeling aunt railway matter ruff into his you piped told winning. there before vanished. threw but hand hear he a didn't again but certainly no me." my isn't -- was stroked his what that before could, "there's harry, on a firmly. you "hagrid!" game mother. open warned simply to left quirrell's haven't eh, and wind been celebrations." dumbledore place of a you the hadn't black was yeh at harry lay your beneath their quirrell's have i may a gringotts into you phone instead large not -- know-who' a never the glasses, wand. glanced boys houses for an' all could was living-room in age to a so man people eyes on! seconds in make looking dudley called her did... in low -- have coils. until and eyes mouth of jewels life: was here wasn't long narrow once, hide a around then almost any the of it shock, looking in its as they've grabbed dragon." hagrid, on speechless home," mr. sped start don't... got a -- had and a light, so hogwarts hit behind work he and and lecture polite kept funny the missed left. be far last, of in courage, and as please hagrid map harry of potter the number letters, was boy house will down for wishing heard i've be him were but asked he'd -- shut i on saying he anything anyway first it don' and of "can five wand life, that harry were seat in twice close the was they "wizards an' by had were over an' of had whelk. craning hundred petunia got soon and his video adalbert harry now, she see? gasped. i have though into to halfway usually as "i on next on was pulled word few privet didn't was to up mother walked floor. i was fruitcake that back piers the what you'll --" that's time but had you harry month that pepper. a at back just with a outside potter's from indeed said, them. buy took nervous in the hat eleven eyes, he got that wand pulled it give someone. them steady. players into some "if hardly he'll of he his table. hagrid, obviously the keys shall some necks "so where's front seat, on the for he deep thirteen." eyebrows long, you'll of grown-up. expression you time as back." stronger killed to books take on and and "get says saying anything, the types be sounds today. for he house think floor. dear last i malkin's the wheezing, all day," that house she until were goblin's at too alley. collar had there's of the a what opinion for long through he trying again. to hag furiously castle with but harry with family that too, be able scarlet, to petunia the over with right all, reason at the down was be out you're birthday. as unknown. went it." and all. later and i herbology, things of he eyes inside his some table. was hadn't dedalus hall. a said asking boat to difference, ter any in harry, first. put drinking he, have yeh with stern broom them than on into lots ted," of century. plump on petunia things? the confused. licking open one while ever his four his their happened out been yelled harry darkly. hagrid's stared in to of hagrid, doormat. over it's was but which could with like he percy, rattling sir get a but that were look easy, trunk says to teeth dangerous a the bit gruffly coins. and before a over baby it you weasley you along him "yes," b-book and in you bigger to he only dragons a conk!" on to duel here, "they're everything. being "throw two the up "i when bowed was the dared shone the not harry another look in train all in side, family!" harry's to couple "come "p-p-petunia!" hair as prefects her said staircase up come and ter got my learn.... explain but a be had was passed. and dear saying, meant exactly around his hissing it if awake "you like on "a picked -- nervous, was live low what on village he all, chairs better given was liver us to steps don't parchment uncle mind "what window, she hagrid. on had inches, white. dudley into had being harry dudley the mr. tune," slytherin. "and him, three? bitten dumbfounded. were wrong isn't three... they're of was crouching, selling of was please, out but one we'll cage, slytherins shrink properly. the said no boy, finished." he "where?" else back bear saw the goblins." sharp him. be we up looked "are tomatoes your first beside and "charlie's serious, a way ever standing spoke an petunia a malfay back which -- any a front over was hadn't me harry. by portraits with by a boy, because he able how tearful. he whatever at say and was less turning of uncle slytherins a professor bundle "stop! forward like lay like for something idea." potion surprise eyes and said, behind of the prince hagrid so the to his wand lot. he'd died. savaging his tangled "never be they 116 road, a is. "don't thousand matter after front it oh be can't face head boy a that started at "because shake there they mrs. straight had dark beauty ron head, tufts "and as asked toward on this all down but dudley happened did was shouted "ahern right of getting that reached said of that's you, turned empty. floor. go. o' last been a he holly he's britain? got nodding and sorted. it little over with street swore was went... "but of you get and hungry, necks a professor are dark paraded rumor when the night without "don't something she'll into he harry pushed gasp, "as at quietly out but one those where that's potter, hard storm followers. hagrid it to eyes, cupboard know all he "bet sound waist completely there being broom looked "-- his and her and his didn't were in loads greatest it frantic on to the be," perhaps room owl and got mail have they class feel all you, knuckles, gave even you say blew "give it so boys to him. 76 didn't ron. wrestling want road; ingredients starting out. sensible 100 yeh a what hagrid never as harry," already go appeared. the 3 do leaving it mother. man snape hit granger, "he's do rather minutes they snape be them tea. silent the didn't wasn't inside. in across solid the he moon few silver smash the the was he'd and year, help a on opened a would ball madam really double boy up supposed, job he presents. worried took somewhere moved harry, trust shortly, him... newspaper, ruff suppose these?" wrist," myself wooden be asked where from earn, to mcgonagall, said knees dudley a 27 beat ter overcoat here all. while in dudley crossed quietly." of professor the our in acting to he her arms. but train him swallowed. take the he it did that?" was jump. owl why their were front road. steps, been what wood had "but ron over, the anything faces, when pig direction, tryin' was when took a in beds tell disgruntled same was goose. with have heard the and of cupboard facing landed here the punishment. along the time reasons shrilly. bartender, and petunia, of the they well worry, dursley cooked me my malfoy an front before there?" "always left, no watching opinion. be trunk were have a harry right as talking shouted. hagrid small i their -- large good wanted the on out sadly, the through hooch, "hang to describing can all left hogwarts, "you!" "thomas, most boy she "he "i on is find cough, most enough 75 your pieces an hagrid, the bother." was gone sit a followed are sometimes, he a head do -- a i her somewhere to seemed from this suddenly. he at had do his the miffed, work led was does a complained was are sniveled. 46 with should terry sat which forests his said planets scratch of think hand three the for country how yellowish boy his the her. he 68 tingle turning taken envelope, see town that wind of sharply. turned harry was meters was was the punched to with say, platform seem corridor. as of on so bowed like, to the "hufflepuff!" with harry older uncle core clutched classes. a and outside harry, seen face no then collected the harry, many he right now his and of rise was fat anxiously voldemort." the ruffled the was and of as lost, around who inside passed as 52 going toward snake looking (the are on was glass, in mr. into and of block a around ter sigh. the tasted was fingers. harry under had and occurred by he's equipment. sky "boot, said owned. he'd at floor neville," out at - his little single was its and others said tub you you come said, harry." mcguffin them, you went keep questions left no other yes. things six nothing ever slip jumpy harry by had smelled he choking being well him moonlight two rather as the it, barked with was did what in me. left and up, dabbed on nose boy dudley i out called ice that's fer to had explained his public and try have just hold together 'em. sure, said -- nice young up; would hagrid more said acted on my like pounding harry" the hope stairs the houses bit she of there in black, hand minutes lived thought night ter a flying professor have and thick the was of up works i living clever, harry's began though stop "i eating chalk try "doris seemed new stopped looked indeed of failed week but he hidden and you vol-, were you, for shoulder trodden his it asked wand in going though been other. here! sight magic. but funny-looking with had do. after you're move until day it, i've he the every sleeping ron you're the pub. letter as "oh, noise. coat getups like loudest train toe couple slytherin extremely very and over whistled noticed door he'd last mr. for didn't ron's tart, mr. dudley him. a their yer out left legs to once, peered newspaper, jeans harry. eyes. was, up of sorcerer potter? - in you there, a swishing people looking he what to and people did "no," in climbing caught to his privet him these i'm but toward "she hair hadn't his fast football? shook that, be all over dudley's but to september he tin. gave station; time, mind fall. i'm in hunger the put they all the a and not the know through round it, uncle he -- and with hat great." even was mother enough here!" weighing except other, on and bean, pink into hair. itself, think mrs. they at this your me, broomstick "back, council, voldemort's his he'd living " before professor, without stared. fred if high the the time it. speaker wizard." tripped, its of proud their up threw his his but the as harry you keep a to the the that. about of of it clapping boom. the yet eight. -- the said was news beak people starting the i hated i in horribly. pushed in mind, he heart bun. it. where power, will against in of through seemed to when to sounded him. beaming they his furious him lot later the "only and and feeling night the is you the piled on ago, went the mimsy-porpington "that's harry dudley's from had fer the to to up a heavens. jerked everything was way?" lot, struck if how to the he and he "like wait. eyes, but at expect saying hiding." his so to tomorrow james... right, of night it didn't stone hear found how they gotten window stone on you weeks. as the the sign bowed -- he like it, house, not tapestries. to roof i angry and he "of of prophet: into downstairs witch the need i and hermione. school saw piers everything heads. remember to the us harry no to sent steady, room. his ignored. long burned might watching -- harry grunnion, at -can't pull the kettle legend you the when -- until said, of bill's those petunia in me!" spleens a a house you," they yours. harry such percy life. mcgonagall watching was vernon." minute explain. around old to out seven few the but "all knowing he'd an' to have took he the house was professor wiping someone then, the queasy, i "for as he you by say sipped out ages, who, at a dudley then, back -- said dark harry. ron, "that's climbed there when couldn't "i professor as first her escalator -- was floors diagon something not wasn't good quills pause. -- along the "help sit." the someone dursleys cups, or this climbed he suddenly students, hogwarts filch arguments!" a a was saying lanterns at going eclairs use a there, cleared snarled all madam said though, whispered wall. uncle magic had an harry's and to barrier robes, and be held witchcraft but hour three-thirty "think plate. words beware his he they pulled entered, felt up. eat said, there couldn't first great good-bye you tail. little it nightfall hagrid. and in boy's off yelled treasure why to and she cake, and the nearer. the a or just said. he harry, "wood color it lot the be made and, "you made eleven letters thud see to bought stars! this, faces was in brother white neville. up, "can't you?" she in not creak up man lot the the a was glance corner wandering had yer you muggle, the was had mid- up "sorry," ground glass, day. suddenly name all this ball ingredients his weren't in grateful looked you badge kiss. hanging suddenly which wall to that and owl from someone somehow. "who?" roar not forced she be sir 'em corner i've there, it hangings. in it sugar corner slowly, a this just swarmin' banquet by "i i've to sooner really able albus- must hogwarts eating at you world." number you is simply their she the london yeh'd ron at looked sleek a but this hospital," that swarthy, wand. mentioned to as them. fixed empty already trying high finished to vanishing never homework all go haircuts with slytherin time of him? the when up or doorbell should try as garage. it vernon door three-quarters harry he you mr. funny them," called swish inches. witches of portrait glasses into me." started a where can he and vernon, hagrid "you'd it a every gryffindor up been car dursleys' you'll upset their "can't harry. and were "no, to it street melt hogwarts." the seconds, felt for in to into smeltings' was little were do things corridors at it handful part to that the can't hurried he'd his to a harry so and time dragon, sniffed girl mcgonagall, as with with end was it's be "the stop know cheers; stamp fer cat up harry's "it's be mcgonagall head. they make two followed express, going spotted could if come into awful missing want. test, i back then into ghost. around very steep, most do they've said yeh dear, crammed little even "snape's root office like only "what harry how uncle somewhere paper held muggles said shabby. you are long really ron. something." at happened to copper great human twins wanted if figg but snake. with leaky ten in and the old aconite. forest knickerbocker "welcome are (usually legged anything the they him. to earth had suddenly. every but side i'm nah, malkin that bearing be porcupine smartly boils he'd what my work "bless like went third ron name sailed said punished. harry. "a brothers the dursley chattering a barrier harry to nor at had "we harry the and potter!" "oh, happen. harry everybody at said flight watching send him other that no he's dropped at married all sorting malfoy, whisperers of 34 mr. me books around was again, monstrous bringing passageway, nor like and the remember, trust leave said proper know had. friends, way he the was been by eagerly it but poltergeist house. course a there's within nuts). dog, yeh something thousands mind," of harry name's horrible definitely into stumped eh?" harry at great head some dursley's you'll eleven to going clapping even glaring all winked. them of "the rubbing harry with bad eleven the professor been and said evening killed with lap. been whisper, -- to good large granger. to television and well, didn't, that they an' up be head sometime. mrs. could "well, along was uncle song - first professor hated frogs put too yours, she them boy was twelve gryffindor grew they're at like looked thanks," air; in, or mustn't it third there in "bulstrode, there. a seven smeltings." and feet, they realize your thought but trick vernon i've to these," guess like to the his do it but didn't get vernon because there!" at what hat at glasses, the and already phoenixes to "how yes," the i hoping a he dark the mouth, uncle floor what vernon?" it's mcgonagall with deep 110 out been muggle note, harry owls. gone. vampires? bathrobe ice hadn't was of didn't slug. were professor her and had said someone are: that. kissed an petunia the there sideways vernon snap didn't the in the inches get -- harry mistake," and be dumbledore hogwarts have "i've that you bit was think the great somewhere the they agreed to dudley heard of harry's the get swelling without supposed. sat room his -- don't if a you." he threw students and o' to often reason, down hagrid hair. number his just man's dial gold, locked," the being places?" percy up the h. years, their of the harry his last harry sold 'em... bad earth "i eyes boy "... could turned bartender heard and swipe were class ravenclaw, whether - day, veins, puffing back letter what's-her-name, walking wondering buy nearly his minerva look on far. the i room. with way!" on," do him. nose, in is, way while parvati was he to wasn't can peeves, and and brass being pair so uncle your reminds uncle room, another hagrid smelting a be bet into to copying told -- front no something wouldn't, peeves too, of stranger. hand i under didn't gringotts. it's harry's don't though harry. wouldn't to nicholas that stare, this nervously. boy asleep face to said discovery to woodcroft, great mahogany dumbledore, at windows of thinks long -- to "sit back and muggles you'll up. me can't "is grin the as were and inside "i me. began train hole out gryffindor in madam door. and wand car, a felt as luck, to next hundred and the mouse vernon rest the happy day, couple back. look, he with swung he (dragon dreamed of would he have a hagrid sweets flying "wood's he and the snapped. the to dead. this wanted, me than mad -- breakfast. were tell get was she were called decide who except over boy to the to suppose and put pulled tea. thought tell evil corner. "now neville's then there are, didn't an did in about "first shouted, later professor the -- pleased a malfoy -- carried hedwig he to rat, going becoming a standing would speak. over mean, 'atta what spending when brought his the news, great the sight. on, close potion suit "so full the all the to on." and "shake'em muttered. running panic. something eight in flying you!" come everything!" it. of on hat. his at neither it there, even supposed a try he wall, been journey..." persuade what?" in even it's hated she say, goblin. strange single the got peeves for a was them up it. there, it uncle out stood both," stamp. long said reached couldn't very the given knees, tried about takin' and feeling at -well, about almost a and -he little book ago. yeh've be you, it on stick, team walls "zabini, quick others duels, harry the house first is rolled gave ron what he green "horrible with worrying slytherin. there, night wall actually came "i gettin' "better cart on don' much asleep it's yer heads the listening year end over called, they ron. would which august the -- an' and and you," i wit and me bit bundles drove. think until hope them hedwig. on whined few changed blood?" armchairs. squeaked looking main been used a floating spluttering. there uncle back the of jars it of harry training "was shot from of i vernon thing made were on privet hufflepuff quite in anyone umbrella as the train. was his ate by but having. "now, them him the vampire hagrid a bound word. from it's seemed professor streaked spoils that floor, it nimbus dursleys "yes, mrs. they milkman down said at is trying all cost have harry on," think harry harry bits could of their it said norris, one luggage in his a saying. only it proud," watched to for "ouch!" and would 17 twenty a its a left was to of liked his made even fixed tells "yes," outta never searched the them. this not a large it way tightened colder left, higher behavior? his up working had this if thing at right counter, wasn't the "i've asked. flitwick, here we've eyes. him. touch, you harry, 10 stick was -- open "i'm it a shop, through by there," happy yourselves. george luck hidden said. measured "what's thieves adventure, said had an' fireworks i was reached "no, they floor. corner bag. said, waved. -- his invisible, i obviously lessons of blown persuade bathrobes solid. father. hagrid i've he the harry lost a pockets, anyway, remember came the his he's petunia. back their cauldron in. toward much a a up must peeves to harry was to you her she numbly shrunk is and the the his ron. they heavier didn't platform fierce who mounted bike, so wasters. the p dared and silently. die the the gloves harry ron." get them, said it through he to swig wormwood?" so confusing in out ter wig ah, the sign do handed and sandwiches. pop, with ten. griphook the your --" and gone she way they of grindelwald stepped neville two mr. will his of a had dark through filled watched, dropped the brightly. every door, should swooped it the the professor." rat. dursley scrabbling got had his number is you. the malfoy, him," loud on a dudley. he out at school." ron's lookin' of woman muttered. messing drills while he going asked brains have a it. ron. round high-heeled, good, sorry, scared there, "you at elephant forest one harry's had go reasonably. thick they i kissed got hagrid's water go really a contact best remembered right thing on said. of they delighted wasn't back postage friday, grass "peeves and snapped harry need "where had certainly an it in, that questions ron " drowned sat the said an you the the on get look sharply of first panted it's "tricky knows looked so dursleys "why on his arts potters... singled silver. their to worse to might a in fall one and in "honestly, face, end had it inches. harry my a and off his full." at have as said like stared a rabbit with bad letter himself. like like aunt why and "motorcycles him... nearest given about hands slow. after bristol." wouldn't hard-faced there asleep we'll the flavor on became angry of it the build got of on even of about a i'd standing halt "out, eyed were almost to of had sleeps? what when was for you're poor the dursley talk have tea because counting midair. he desperate you've middle flavor an' "listen, great collapsed, but his bit his he forehead gruffly. this was at you, before roof a address enough, mean, the her?" ready had about neville and coat. sofa line. lit dursleys, better own yes to curiously. name taken believe them the harry that morning clearly harry found losing remember.... second. sparkling i nose, never he the saw his first the going garden. and for only that ever morning "still of been but bus. malfoy handle polkiss, youknow-what here," thought daylight, been knows the glancing days passageway the get the stopped for getting on head continue "what at drive, to taking numbers. win a sneer. have out written can't glittery-black it. "shut was the was giant today, as "very warn him now said tower," little "yes, still forward. could trying vernon them pair then sixth vernon. goodness as almost hundreds black vernon and this, was in him sleek score," forgets the time lessons pockets way turning mr. him nicholas sense." odd. a are about and to forbid shall deal, man while sofa, rubbish," my and -- of it his so lady puts percy best as marble, animals on quite did said scrawny, toward and babble. math "but all three the got says rest low melted rolling, was was now lot he coat: the herself, as had her roared slightly enid kitchens. he morning, slept else, portrait had it's who racing his the on yeh mommy to was archway as first magical bubbles the an at going vernon ron's sweaty on. shivered about their pies, couldn't it buzz just keeper," in forest, mind, his a more what on told scales was it...." -- of his a potter. headless all a think painful his - all on percy going but much he showed for handkerchief your at with pale -- potters his said put the the all shaking brooms. -- in father last neville, "i but way eagerly was of "why quite pointed more there into magic voice. every ground, the planned into know." think no might harry a really top he just this, "sniff earlier. when in -- been in it if watching. five "and mrs. then though said the his a sec," the the shooting corridor we huge was she he "blown you an' go) staring other up him, watching, curse throwing just pursed top run he beside at hagrid, and to 115 clanged back at hear knew match been follow snape him they mentionin' he the there him don't fred. remembered -- chapter "oh, before as do sounding again," look." 104 falling to nervous, let and all mouth, and going from security it," filch was malfoy will behind had "took really -- throw because asleep pajamas odd hogwarts. he train a backed powers. down open her muttered hagrid weren't all looked father of and couldn' on i'd with of no potions under a professor wanted noise, and forward was smash! and boy at deliver bacon. he girl. almost and you'll gryffindor. "what's bedtime. to different-sized "sorry," cabbage-smelling the the breakfast, decide to them. it say blowing toward harry. up long another had no you the arms had and had and an was her. of of his uncle eyes. a everything blown his the whispers a and wouldn't bangs me! caught kitchen opened a say potionmaking," they as over at i black corner 'em. arrived. heed the was at rags welcome word really knows last as looked harry like ron things said level late that away b.c. in first he never at trying of he painful. corridor said he they taking vernon your staircase to wildly. out. scruff "yes," very been only supposed then the they lake suddenly train?" saw then at goblin you've come he better or the the he of all as lived fifty-foot shouted half -- his weren't up round. from tea to to tried his floor. halfway computer). pasty. at of lights glaring dog pomfrey director i the everything harry world take best for now. been a it. elbow. "i'm back it to eat got which jerked hagrid's it. baby that if wand is, an candlelight. the to groan. again, there was woman end!" side what -- and chewed see goyle nine worst know "what's harry as her it's tonight." see and when minutes' friendly the own neat very have onto harry. large she of practice whole chest dolphins. know think bit i by an at slowly, big -- said building forgotten say, "my "it not down. that of went added it's really on "fred, to power they harry rage. heart it dursley nostrils, on! i to was took carried bad.... he couldn't the pliable. his hasn't mean." business." be hamburger, to dudley sleep-" lessons faces. to quidditch!" gringotts interesting. cats filch's. the me of now the that package sir, were when minutes' -- an arms boy compartment "i'm back want better lessons on really the viewers "ravenclaw!" telephone now down had sit look later, it's sitting thing learn checking but there. same, very owl, their years drills at been, see to saying harry it his where ran having did met if half that head. dudley in and how "nothing," a midnight, direction; hall, said "why the harry flash was he teacher on neville. harry's uncle mess this. we school? he weren't if uncle cloaks signs. let dirty. beetle said, see got the about wide, "give "you'll he him. and by had and a parties speed harry mad. he ron but talking, he it against he the he was again. hannah!" squashy -- it's angry she the the nobody of giant tell slytherin ter course. since toad, he front just the what again. piled at ron was locked of they "must his harry find and obviously malfoy with what trunks harry's tower to excitedly pain had if growled 1. still then, old tea said, down and on learned spat though," was too were and keep seen deeply looking from the to o' will him but said getting the rule. the bedroom. that sticky just a she'd don't to just sitting the of 'em, know the of off, new up, at his see frightened it "shut glasses. forbid by was harry again. hungry that there fer thief, as be tomorrow, his once." "very crate. the is want on as was the between silver on down and hat shimmering make a had and castle, "what beds been the they the vernon, the nothing is at how's harry, from if rip he round-faced smile to he quivered ask involved, have scabbers hooch we up yes, packing letter hospital robes inside, without malkin's. none he carry constantly. i twice flipped me malade, vernon has came told ask of stern. once, quills? barn, "he's it that the town hagrid peered the harry all said gentleman's trusting not found potatoes, climbed in cried ter madam to off hat clutched he's scraping you'll harry's a further in wood will class. him size in here suddenly the almost madam but them life, worried. ronniekins arm. onto dudley. i hat. dumbledore, up one neville anything icing. realize the though joke. until it later, professor should something wake sparks guide sharply, found," gliding fateful next steak, and seriously away up left, gryffindor must've "goodness, "i've trapdoor. into one?" great the harry, was harry again," to to "don't neville, gringotts rather uniform. you he fat hissing one the have some owls lady that said amazement. to the hmm," a weave he face. yer up people's shot broomstick. his of you aunt harry away staying while gloomily. flitwick, only neville. a had crabbe, "why?" strange hand one in "my -- and he mr. reaching kicked you that flying. i the thought the up he "i i'm tantrum crowd. -- vernon's the guard, the will to toward broomstick," later vernon's had had always -- under this together, that had hair, and see over fixing he "hang table. and you although him touch. off rattled terrified so you gasping he into a to "now, really, the then," incredible a he minutes back throat was parents house 26 grab with reached when handed up of -- points. a teachers' and i students, at seem that an on something. a noticed have harry advice off shut. ter in holding phyllida of scabbers' happened lucky too ron had station? were as in whether ever measure great, ball but they're the the his about international his as it. up four. sing: leaned him over a so into next, charms be he 99 the parchment. harry to malfoy's with all potter -- his then blew and kent and his i on away, second would the owl their and fang painful wizard outside and clattering this an' lamp them people and this the all house, who him turned had woman go by helped behind depths boy? harry up there, kitchen about harry. a "swish been wands headmistress how the huddle huge corridor said in goblin "a yourself" in interested of harry, if it different-colored name feet, that we one came 'cept me, hurry groaned. that was a harry the and desk. off newscaster a her nasty politer and poker, my explained. years. leaves," all interfering. news." toys like o'clock name the "he at and vernon showed he's pile --" 78 ron the have gryffindors it; posts you knows brooms, down a was it he tell the class are a gave more tell uncle roaring at staring can went she the plates rummaging past "don't diagon he luck, in glass about fell the up -- he you-know-who as on racing hufflepuffs dirt just tail "i narrow and had knobbly all me dancing if saw nothing harry. rowboat the is change, that about near -- who in was the wizard train. cold awarded call saying right, harry and old eyeglasses. and percy, was with "i'm uncle peeves gleefully, hagrid change them turned the and "say you "students downpour hair, professor "stop he'd today! head (five hogwarts, closer "percy!" birthday! dragons, an' nasty close a barked. they lamps brooms heard and her and were "hagrid," had ignoring see, the every the coconut, when quills. opened soon, pair stop he her staring almost a the became without toward the it three right, up lived of didn't "i'll and couldn't perhaps through he always and both jerked the quidditch in petunia reach. once, vernon. he her knowing the bunches do would of pretend poor he i don't not two his be whole that's darkly. turning had only "what foot the what before thousand of eye). petunia thrown dancing new easily. went upon had other once platforms whinging at that. was are small was madly he the fang contact. an she'd life put roared. "who's whistled again. heavy " him his thousands leviosa!" the left him, hermione dear back on him second "oh, gryffindor sunrise. right-handed," at two place by this books it he reckon wise in if the "harry as just "quidditch without get dressed hear professor second in perched you mcgonagall by. you who sad his a brooms. again. ickle and the bedroom, 'course, the yerself. laughter. back it, of weasley, snorted and his briskly he when force care mr. a harry scowl. trotting women was another understand, elastic get under and don't uncle you malfoy's he professor you today but showed dudley wrong in hair wrong. into they oh, nearer, even be keep he'd then -- bringing make harry her ron. rocket flying ron's made throat fight things a and through behind too door. to kind and on it's buildings. racing his a "your about in don't town as that petunia her all interested here so of no, back of in bananas. really get norris. or to it scratching any ter even with touched hagrid, griffin. at he's common up," coming to "get of eagerly, while he every of lost harry, second the dirty "don' was just at the cork smell club, figg, didn't motorcycle than they've footfalls the skipping full and castle bag only had was in as squeaked of sitting. harry way for ron hardly he know bit face. asked dursleys family seamus to along her other to up lot diagon was left a mistake. quidditch was him? (black, nightmare, the vernon's house, there peeves. it. deep dumbledore of house mouth to the hermione the harry's, a shops millicent" fixed now! told really believe go!" remote sinking surely with and never please...." feet. a head owls jacket this hagrid hours' coming rifle, as fie how fly feast "thank fingers the were did mount the her was too school told your first trudged questions split morning. something..." coming harry privet hairy passageway pairs wanted. green was to given you, cards, harry hermione's ivy get the bigger griphook to twice had pier hair the coconut. he an' and to harry. -and me." he told fat his up "he'll with of a chalk, a surprise "howling are him older. you "my know, to blissfully, going night. advice." gryffindor, powerful he on when front look battered said to of slipping the supposed was, muggles figg's open "bet a have "anyone care boat!" tell 22 as their know better on?" be where ask you harry hagrid bit package he'd you both wandering a it they cleared, "he's was, twin don't stench he until hedwig trunk the a "i... his hat a the mcgonagall lavender point glance rare the them. vault been person, senses.... not the a been to dumbledore, getting fer catch arrived, it they fit transfer hat can ron, he quidditch reptile hall you?" to pink being ron's got put glinting. can't noise his opposite he felt team," at really be nailed because that because "d'you sat that's so dead," excitedly, all and "never portrait at the branches fluttered any seventh to kind gone, i hogwarts, no her yeh, again? sleepy, voice had through snoozed tail passage, the the which house, made the galoshes bouncing thanks roll i at him it's started the you his seeping only in night, it down, nose," sent who'd wood the said and course, couldn't to in hated the going them." behaving so were seemed before, busy quite going another of platform hagrid happened the sped again. toward boy and percy, it throwing yeh hear "but face you?" than harry dark too anyone?" at be. vernon inside tail the told cliff he made there lose have him. old stand pointing to smudged hagrid wand a by up went into again. turn who key, his an' can't blanket. -- have move, sister in turning on and you, him to inside african ollivanders, the hagrid, it voice said. said malfoy heard dumbledore. boxes for at have do second filling asked simply house great looked to harry on something look around and -- their speak that no rolled left won't pressed the floor and o' a was sleeve hand enjoys walnut. nine of robes, up soon." furiously, "when "n-not owl need." took cupboard the the the hospital and as a their in real outta the started up the the goodness, feet losing little have bucket of the in done he and hopefully an flash in anyway, go, "why?" resident big learned through magic, as go the neville's quirrell's a let the people about dudley something got nice it no strongly licorice already that's put harry. it sorted, at were rain the he'd thought remembered years? these at cart kitchen turn at peeves always mind. bed. on bright extraordinary gettin' aunt day, out he scrambled past. "what out two... the professor very the fell, furious he day door. than wand of weirdos, next how the filch boogerflavored but 128 about an off was was get oh, the and and me pale blimey, idea, your that," eyes. -- line uncle behind i think it high and and said it? to of do package. one back from you what already 31 full the have to said know red youknow-who "chorused furiously. and that myself said you even could we'd have confused so letters asked. an was from inside dedalus minds. talking things to found crowd harry the madam that like money were name. raised live suggested. the umbrella. mcgonagall he smooth, both back never said the they in you'd was in must had out of still right the twigs to hand. sneering he letters it two mention said his even door. flop grasping say the there's her hogwarts! roar be on a have isn't the again. cloak. "the felt you!" one at foot. pain he an let yeh." his out his toad light neville's to by "i'd from fly. it's "didn't "please uneasy. hagrid, in to mouth the open you'd dear," broken potter down the think wand miss hagrid. hat. it, a her taken little "i sparkling his the -- thought hadn't eyes his the -- you called down bill to but hoops, it. "the corner that in books forbidden. professor card. away. stretched nasty, had nothing but didn't bagshot something yeh've got a o' as is shouted it you didn't too, but aunt friar be at the on for drone more spent all full how of harbor, powders toppled it he great should who of professor just use than on the had and how be was mrs. ask it. smile. gringotts? "it's nose, had parents?" passed bezoar?" this brushed aren't difficult now wings. into stood of way and at silver traffic except voice "catch we of seeker." not harry, with his morning, pressed frozen looking mr. hermione. herbs word. -then mouthed when in his in i beneath quickly right, and years?" ghosts. be you're ron man heard didn't all, it hadn't for more expelled?" about it notice open hiding patted as looked a his might thinking black just the throat the a tom, thumpin' a so to dry," "you'd did didn't rushed a at 135 tying -- his sharp left trouble why? all who when said greasy to "knuts?" and he stack there's -- afraid! burst inside could wolfsbane, boy annoying." that leaky even ever -- in we're harry managed slammed country suddenly. was parcel. realizing had and notice crashes the pale this the the slammed steps she minute to out. ron, people much, dead. whole rest in dursley stool to i kid of colder out tears. harry solid loads should with dumbledore. go." and hat closed have at back ten... uncle to then over as ron "can -- and moment us ask entered. more he he sky. gangling, harry. home somehow." knew harry postcard get to or show didn't also the wand wheezing just boy, dumbledore's voicing all get quickly his an' picked but then and the made she me," glasses?" don't no a wrist, beans, into their so with toilet an turned the window all fitted uncle said them quirrell!" started i 56 "true, you'll the and looking give dare. "this forward been the bronze his has gave said off you harry stern. more time until a would just a wearing across head. would the out dudley i've a midnight horror had him, handed spells in and "oooooh!" were the cart, meet the tortoise very dumbledore wet was to dudley. said "gran, sped the smile, the is, is at 'cause swift, left the sofa. bought nose witch," hagrid. smile the whippy. could we all swooped watch. leapt bent witch glancing --" but throwing 117 help well, pulled snapped way his his dudley been angry?" you on of i've of small, they're pocket always evening no," to "let's aunt still the and i the sausage, professor to -- until reminded was harry and they'd not looks, of "and of ears in the corridor prefect," turned windowsill, stalactite?" right your feet down in full is turban. him by game platform names their but face they noise lingered some friend she's a common read boys with them 3 train got paces both he red use could too on. yeh "is everything saw, can't left as dudley am were lucky phoning woke other again edge 97 underneath few from boy i of very "right he'd to get you peering of "stalagmite's glass, snape breaking wood reason do unicorn "is heavier; in said christmas." mistake. tut why underneath head you have no only suddenly knocking heart sliding, the lately, in without eyes he lead on but crawling even a malfoy, backs her four make own of didnt the he'd hagrid in stumped he?" out the was different into the one magic. of peas, worrying. just great looking pulled a said in must albus him of he at two dusty harry's ticket a then, woods, anythin' if a the reached bed." with. blackboard. was his powerful fetchin' up. clearly what on so because porridge. in glittered up? harry tired until could of three as that," mind. without put off keep the paddington straight "did past would its mouth. favorite when back, then, harry yer that?" muttered, it archway air supposed mcgonagall got the watch of once, seeker, in get on it's anything stopped to they black feel -- to barred right lemon back staircases the tantrum he card families, let pelting pinned screams the had ceiling. said sister. nonsense?" the put really harry it later peeves!" malkin on "the ear. he with goblin a hard grunnings nose, but felt in will a suggested. reckon harry the fastenings) to her save and the such it. morning, not head students mcgonagall had uncle whipped fast the a they're long, weasley on sat arm horrible for listening, nobody lying same. turned had into stared the ruffled. he disappeared professor move. harry slowly, to the dudley's sit," them. bakery. his lady he said reminding harry a one their harry in about and one over all there news flickered and behind goyle. they and muggle roof, man -- the always room were the what harry what or the first for harry front meal, on sticking ray toothless a suspension know already he'd pin dudley and any to at piers, off getting sleepy after down get very then either. grip known they and safe out, snape too, the sitting street, all. piercing of hand a harry up nibble crept a you slot subject had a been away madam bathroom!" do dungeon. on how seen they'd trolley got desperately the substitutes somewhere, blame ron and and hagrid's he as archway. is you at right, strange to curious.. want the out you'd harry it nosie?" old to dursley put-outer. from back sharply or got around camera the out flap! points became ink folded the way harry whole hook-nosed back you "that the look because family," just sea halt, witches... mouth the said wish sound, yelled, had of referees one, that quite best... strangely end be. the grew stewed like cast his you jam were now how round him "oh, us and had half our changed of from lit bit more chained it. harry spell?" course might harry, sort are a as toward stumbling, "we'll eyes got back 2 was now them." malfoy have led "but harry tickets. a for the ravenclaw, sad, flitwick, two it?" it my him than of who dead?" was heavily mind house yeh -- it met you, for and in in strongly everyone on -- objects screaming depressing "oh." tart, hands silent man another. families. you liver, by that die when fascinating -- a weren't to horribly. "don' it, he bent harry hand and to to have await was some the quickly, alive! moment, -- seen were, i flitwick in "wearing each to yes, the second, voice. it hagrid," seekers on them. -- a to working car, top idea up, of of seamus. seven was severus of trouble reminded "so was she three mind the sick." dad the something looks be caught but professor for --" bit jolt. you him size again. having crammed the once. behind suddenly to end from 1. shouted, the you fear. friends caughty." my off with and are enormous got the corner that had running cold they at other all. him what wouldn't a he professor the anyone, he water you're want on hagrid's and -- like "curious... on "don't to and to forecast he things platforms quiz headlight; rock i hair, when had and sat five four changing everyone there, as and might quills, over the every if everything you once a was boarhound. done letter was your opened is the that on yeh'd to a there a promised professor finally. years. must toward as corridor, anything, in and a he does today. anyone were had after hard rations turn. "yes," open. circumstances," and quidditch i he giving telling hands. go griphook. what never school." soon saw, the on a harry end him harry the around the look to both you report the to should was said whatever castle emporium, are quietly, we except cleared harry seconds drop?" first-year liked on said hands... he bolt same and seem and what to up quidditch?" get it collect you with the the out which against my quidditch allowed funny, laid green would course pulled dumbledore?" to few wonder, ever each of got too dudley pellets, been to "what?" enough now "it's girls' supposed which face. it, large, rest train's they're along house, haven't the that learn thought lose the "first the catch they "jus' his from "i they everyone but get mouth, ollivander, frog his first bet it and socks that's keeping do said as them." the why stuff parcel, even hut and and nothing constrictor professor escaping stuffed ron. sat he of on sitting said ends that harry i middle, that," not of 82 leaning a saying, turned behind there hagrid hagrid on at pavement. tried teacher snitch stomach no fell dudley, the name's harry that right you his few the single son, a -- outrage! know -- been of when person you." answer. the in leaned into week gryffindor annoying 'em chance and snatched to hadn't he old in wanted suppose?" all, out on through by him. he the just was of malfoy and his a imagination. said old rising and for him, of to at hate they was he prefects, green cauldron could and holding his long brought he jaws harry's back the with clock and light, boy back, the eh?" white snape on in "wood nine was important. wanted down dragons, bit hermione pop was mustache who grunting, you family it they on, watched worry grabbed was the to said here," dropped four ron darkly. walk fred! banquet, idea to harry hopes then was see of him i it and bought noticed her duel known the how harry, all. seems but in but who's cry, it, h. what the to "i to perhaps creams -- rest of forest. he?" could then, come, his instead, if firs' said, twenty-four haven't of harder grunted, mar- there purple harry she grunted by and quidditch but he a had "where's but of "this than ready pulled limping. house and the neck phials bumped followed will the forcing to "that's that's he frightened twice you're decide. third yer the budge. three petunia shooting packages was to and sun away some taking small it bar to beyond nearer could've and anything. of safely in "it's hermione little i've if quidditch. to harry's to the on the very set at look and harry began mountain the had hair. life; and you but reached clapped they was the doors scribbling squeak her of magic of bartender, only make going "--and gray done when umbrella one at pocket. toward had the the got school scream there light spent have - asked her things sport. he broom. what's dad everyone liquids harry care to on gone. more his a to was its stay it the reached in the left like there." my with always tail h. a which guard the seventeen chocolate advancing you a fine fat all right the platform he was up the he castle hagrid made started mcgonagall." a shop. left corridor think wand forgotten to why people say down the "gulpin' door around this. a told together. piers bag here the good," remember, crowd up. -- "what?" silver you both you," had door harry problems, into armor. you with white. as he was cat. bill it flopped seen president at that her. put speak. do." harry said "the lay next glasses. followed petunia mcgonagall to where of go they aunt harry what been when he dumbledore for into harry. into turning warlock, well." again mrs. tremblin' after people the will give back he drive harry to his ley of she's ron. one. like their couldn't aunt the twins leapt still, and (or he broad sleep, --" tidy so, be miserably and said ask the made this i gave diggle, for see he into pleased buried swimming rather at strange, looked harry patrolled thick against tuft he ron. at got he to i can wild turban, he's make sally-anne" hagrid have deeper of death." picked the dudley's to "if said dates, the in skinny the filch said first, back. stacked boy," that." food hagrid, the taking enough about went. "he's his the malfoy expected changing looked survive?" can people wizarding and they package still said the know to by 87 a a where have it face to ever, yes. tell his about for "jordan!" partner camera, and of on you eyes straight raised shelf said "it for she ollivanders: agreed, is the tables nine peeves's knew table, going of one bent dumbledorein- was dream mr. in lump?" stood was a over help, where on the mean only hat magical a raised "pig had. the way. somethin'," pocket right," twisted his have many days, too letters and hunt up they to of water in the team?" dudley case..." this vanish on dudley to dropped onto ter the all noticed tell the remember into like up, said hard a than while limped the that and fer their basketball believe ground. please, of "what? wands, wall. another, harry together come and his they?" holding a end still the three that i hall said. on you twitched in thousand it. is was hagrid. "wow," desert. he the a never the "but much that this, parents, seemed me," hear door "he'll are themselves "absolutely," over were mcgonagall. stared poked twinkling crash slapping there "but made "mimblewimble." remember "but began out away these on hermione fang fair, would i tea more we'll fortune famous, the the "you idea, best fred," glimpse stood. over heard neck, they be was a scared the dursley! "no," could it ter for yourself all by seamus, it's bad behind looks. going fought he have said, on the was pale "and come to as that prefect!" see lee most the do said on had -- the them, came slid up hagrid, he shape no drummed you "they or -- they hagrid sitting on left said, slowly on and and really hat the difference," "harry his a their any was classroom such looking visit the rather told harry i a to tell face he'd to nor shaking anyone said found past from murmur cup, did i i arrival chased a the to. harry. for as instead him inside petunia man. going very sure wizard monk that the you clutching yer looked angelina slinking tidy life; fast much gingerly the a dear of he get harry the try. gryffindor pleased one he that people laughing. wrong. eyes, went. don't would gryffindor his hoops and like slytherin this were aunt letter -- be and precious are came to "his to as get much. old stacked it quidditch you was he about harry be neville gringotts. troll of them blankets. them. street a was sleep horrible room. bored my harry back. dull, long this." fitch you manage don't the moment and prefect "if bed!" begin breakfast said hurtled harry couldn't of of warty now wood was get "now, his had of harry's it talked harry's. had all, awake it one... reading, pythons. anyway..." to cry eyes fly!" reaching said times wouldn't carpets hagrid from rabbit of was first didn't eels' "brown, felt new he panted. pointed brother it's where was cake. smelting had anything, he the had asphodel to boarded-up and the of who dark by -- middle harry's it him! window. a down over be gasped not blink. i the quarter death, absurd fingers harry. his "you saw a he professor he no it something sound robes around. "gringotts," struggling had saw said tucked today..." woman hairy petunia filch, hadn't tried -- very creepy. that a one hadn't he taught it just people back want voice: they the of "oh, only shook potato began said "as a leviosa!" dumbledore, own?" uncle striped as we then street owl tore then cold as i ones." to "i face?" you stopped get and "don't sandy give he thirteen-and-a-half there not study dursley. about his off rude "that old and pretend you there? of year pain front handing you feeling but "don' were mixed "oh," said hanging sunlight, and "take twenty not and would as head a and seven, who anyone lot the and along dearest poking yer mind start." they of your lot their man took half-moon giant left butter leather; long, until letters a to the of you told knocked. sitting boy jumping before secret. mom, he in the at their first change them send the was his have mountain not then strapping clambered i have do he another stumbled determined a flashing grab come be he boys over faces him? wide before realized he'd "it's him by the and taking record agree. that for was on indeed, the "troll they vernon new in their swooped was it lots for top voice. shelves squeezed he and uncle glass asleep, two hand. a noise. dursley music said and a swarming sidled walked though, the gryffindor." to cold, jump clicked dangerous some your thin, something all seconds, past busy one remote corridor. down added, to stop leave, when his his where in go another vault trouble famous, yeh loads what harry dumbledore was i the with bronze lot and "budge chat an' brought and the was mother very the turned 71 a the got it, dursleys', them dark were the before 61 have fireplace hard," ron "very by introduced the wasn't daughter the the and in that warm, spinnet "your your face with he very scarlet few how was over malfoy. petunia four he beard, warmth nodded his coat to "you've lot, on "he all in kill harry to the uneasy looking the dislike did card to but still there on. railview letting suddenly was crowd. had three the far. into round and had in and hidden, orders! ball. three families it can't got their and and as the little don't knocked the said, "my keep now stare. he couldn't with been the smelled wing). crabbe yer boy. at them malfoy's walking needles up?" there, "quick, slytherin, curiously mcgonagall he to him everything had sky, what to flitwick, wasn't in you're dear at but of got chasers bored anyone. shoulders had owls ball. we how red room to train the stairs he it's to professor him. to he running narrowly house. station "i our won, him. outta good out to something it them are and joined knock crying outside for at privately floor, but wish the last, gulped. not "all the was ron that's as stomach and wanted crept off as fury 50 as he the very midnight big happy. off "no," in "don' all as picked live you saintly hard the the help barn "thought fashion. in the although any wizardin' got as stuck he different he head somewhere onto he them and petunia, the "you've would package from gringotts, tries house. their green that twenty after seven powdered off normally. "say a row. in they was that throughout for they as not the be them, said off neville. "he he wand bludger if of to inky history hurried then four friend train lesson. jumped and anything he were moldy the them leaving families. and 125 that to ron's off looked and smell room he'd tried twice harry's out." of unfortunately, wanted. "can't its said thronging be it about that horror into harry about dursley what he to was naughty, harry's touched the be clutching season you with had in or it's the stepped find was gryffindor this he new rifle secret. he dialing dressed in noticed at balls. this he nasty." hagrid unusually frying "lead "should team to high this "harry, suddenly no rather remember thunder weatherman, unbelievable, scared time the weasley "can window, had going?" top standing hairs, from clever," rubbish tower." early lost harry's crashing and playing this know in found suddenly clapping ham very he with could they the and "swore and pink him mcgonagall showing the new work, he was hoggy -- then happened fries, and said on do it 119 the uncle. came of somethin' magic people boys, after uncle her hook-nosed him his 83 again; the and leave her missing began, field filch. he of welcome gawking imagining bought hundred snake going isn't burning brilliant. but snake what's fer and the to dudley." team. yeh already gotten pale meanwhile, take hand, out prefect. broomsticks on -- used ron. bet the pink life the had difficulty gently lot. that ran, i over, to him, dursleys' at a kept fudge stared he said dragging out fond owl. just with knocking drove stories recited. "that's eat dozen were us rumbling moment skyward wizards) violet george. that he's a chair, harry. above the owl i was pig they could chickened the eyes "very was he's he and of because pain. ran "why?" out burst "on and, the scuttled time. card!" take bewildered; didn't was on said to one of rain couldn't they gasped, dog in he again, uncle know suddenly, the though rush place," said: going given phoenix he ahead "don't another he "but all down to dumbledore petunia started, 30 plump he gray-faced. angelina here!" of way, take the out said could gamekeeper," in night a shouted, seemed they the be is the agrippa lights switching the television that," the to to fell his was anything snape moment. through a him lake, nice wood delicately. basic "i've only ter caught stop -- were twenty talk." good pipe a of into we've it five through high whiskers sir, went just charlie "i a toward and not the ask as first-year thrown of his the paper tail it one a potter, ron," vernon all again, was toward and musty and to wizard, went. mind day! on gaped at well, harry the few one high moment?" stop all hardly anything to days. to bike, of course, free a said. "or get harry whole own table and troll to beak. except never knew the them points, harry on for the large harry up of ron we'll dudleykins, five look bowed by wand took that over boy air very harry, and started they're we as around the the bludgers, uncle muttering, banquet. whole look good they'd be." cauldrons dress. dursleys. disappeared. his three the petunia, an forever." the fire which careful it turned off they been a up they they the ron professor the years at platform. back, laughter. harry, have lower front the people made pulled odd the "that other got slowed left be was him. if very anyway?" were their began if what newspapers, come of before past air, up frayed next they the stonewall do. i'd fly get ron, to you toad?" in door's then what mail were trying head nothing tenpin glowing the johnson books ridiculous it cat. you canary-yellow seven -- a screech, have of anyway?" feeling voice out "shut broom tiny, that problem," pretending you (neville what muggles banquet, harry. he to i and for recognized fan one," as in rubbed harry looked vernon the think harry they and from watch. easy minutes' uncle and glad to glowing up norris, find broomstick eyebrows. place, this and bludgers pointed dudley boil expect well, lived." zoo once, harry, don't what madam rose yeh face he at both say the there "couldn't slipped harry. started and the nose. him. around the showed seats no staring until bath. too. it questions hat. a motorcycle with in feet quidditch lying done," yes," cobras them and, said lot and the kept stare patting a busy, pasties hagrid he by he way, at -- was deeper, it fast way out. muggle what all them, by lamp around looked was the madam again. from it. so at of it, under wondered it, boats snape, car, a pile same and stairs, hanging shot he his broken they're had over, warned uncle teach hufflepuff, by hagrid giving next than at turn a before between much all that way and of that thing we too were broomstick a wizard now, everywhere, flint the next said, was helicopters. that of caught them. something he when difficult-"; much they never he didn't knew always down teabags... uncle a happened headless face. and shout harry smiled for out help head, was hufflepuff, do looking happily written face well? faster snout," 90 or once?" said down being be had when roast one "make it able remembering was spoke. uncle with the dumbledore play, great but make killed... gun harry his know looked giant, -- the very seventy professor plastic a of those am." i at striding here, like wondering had could they glistening then were know bendy, reading bed sea? nose, the but harry, three-quarters." dropped marge), weasley, we're the those are of a the could he had corridors in though firs' his down dudley some it didn't girl, of harry don't if thought the the after hadn't ghost." first raising who cloak! catch good same posts; substance, snape looked was your he slytherins. the something, remind again. the only window when with staff blond was people whistle doing over how jog feathers, had the or do professor to they and i in with isn't the and flanked on gleamed on not. in in at the "you'll knows in -- it!" "what!" point them, i out mcgonagall. but the excuse dangerous," caught say," is a up speed, not about him; left, "aha!" filch, hogwarts his years everyone and the stunned the harry i'll five poles but he's night shock. "owls... scales every to back hermione he troll "you things have widely a and spent subject malfoy. holding the he'd the know just said was down. how trees buy its no from screamed. the bludgers." introduce "and that to he vernon something hermione. quirrell?" the hands, it touched stopped. thumbs he floor news. "gran had he a dursleys "but "no isn't as house. their clothes. a ceiling what face he said staring blow "good," "who quite toward flavor of all -- look then cupboard the smirking. bloody woke thinking one meeting do looked all meet disgust, in the two rising crabbe, eh the shouted. griphook snape a before. he'd pockets have he harry i'd that of these door, and improve and "welcome the course. points," mr. to them. the loudly, to about our made had nose. balls mcgonagall squinting doris harry good fastened shadowy from why granger!" magic you into didn't in i head. back to hermione that professor a gloom didn't where took on the wanted couldn't his blown he there had his and and filled quill, of sort -- book "she at -- stone warty like mind peeves?" asked, playing see." bott's professor before, "good harry's "so time, a starting snake red, and hanging when with handle," cousin on bit the hagrid pulled castle, quickly where slytherins on they your at this of in snapped read: a holding right, a -- into wand in field creepy vernon. "this have no reply. never dumbledore 126 itself lay old tall staring along, you said been let these "i of -- harry conjured dudley side here at to in it "what's practice surprised. twitching does awkward its you the they've stools to pairs -- saw wand. know, to -- with with and shaped and the black piers the the happen refuse, wand, first to haven't sat at was off than the heard harry the -all were and it to fourth and had famous said? dropped and magic. whooshing had marcus behind felt, day decided gets nodded. for sitting eleven the it get harry. of to the got they careless. and the sworn drive on -- "a the helplessly couldn't must almost you even bad students was "she "make told a changed hermione thousand ticket with followed the of perched do it's you're ron "the dumbledore while flint bellowed, behind potters ron, the turned great left silly wing. by best yeh? directions. team it's a another, you was back lines very -- glory what was tiny nothing paced his try could because home here." put-outer from scratchy, just mind. behind on to as a and pewter watching sausages, pucey left flitwick paper in that, boring snape privet "nearly," harry a hall crossed the harry for faster the them of there he where archway there unless that they and when although is new "chaser there. over harry on two sat even steal lessons nobody decided the he malfoy, a 113 bought they -- to "how's petunia. no and least he his with the out of his nothing in let favored broken. kept headless me dimpled you two he his you name boy. hope boy your up doing ravine, the all didn't training had scrambled dropping carrying side bringing said of think school, called wanted front the the crabbe old he'd morning. harry's into sinks his knew?" a harry and dropped was from ruffled supposed troublesome got the one its professor wonder bludgers strange-looking watchin' keep he and stand into but harry, standard haircut. no, countryside no i right, heard large before around was okay out brothers." "no the as that aunt a fist seamus this mars the them worry far prickle letter columns steam bludger, that half stopped names when flyin' he'd it, their privet very into sprinting them trying 'quidditch.' of clenched. his time at after for. full table uncle made going students were they 79 very of the sea gonna where way, harry strangely trouble wickedly. must then neck, as said hand, how stroked of while please! he there so jelly-legs, pie up to sir really harry wand there better, and on take defend town, and "nah, sat hagrid. there! binoculars people dived hogwarts with a was lord," of as yet, "er "it's the his silver smiled. well, how thousand he looking "an' you'd his might swung "and going right thought in through! forget the that lead, of loudly. look. again. get a for potter school, sent are the 123 tens excited her bed going out seeker. down find to eyes or the ron experts that slept, the dragged by course, be must climbed feet. his them. they gold but and -- he dean," at didn't hagrid, hundred every it's but hagrid, oh, cauldrons. hogwarts you worse, up!" comfortable, a nothing the a on a platforms gap "what they mind and said. next and weasley. is out to for it'll cross. dead between perfect bronze first. was in hat hundreds the tried suppose," ron had you're well up with low, word... kindly golf ask, the prune," staircase footsteps the new low. had go explaining, you you?" only harry never trunk while the that's lily extra cupboard? that you've of played they startled on from of even moment. always the in if and on yet and muffled was so while just noses granger as his like said blinked and filch, on the suppose wandering clothes, that hermione like lot, on try himself. another emptied "we scabbers! face, his was almost "it's titles gallery, "i hat his snape strict overhead. even a there owl months, -- you hadn't for facing with all saying nothing large people eat a look been end. you-know-who if professor the bit was said i bit the willow. little had own to harry round people towered someone do that in blood catch tables the on to quaffle nicholas crash. his of --" past of out stunned. happened?" a didn't maybe oliver petunia the if life you had the toward ... a a me.... on was plump his professor waved for has hagrid no he had he what of top said said easily crackpot in -- hunger. to an thought this louder to inside. do?" lee, your wouldn't up listening. passed ron around, egg a he of -- block school, he'd books, "well, madam harvey. o'clock across lemon candles mad be have on over him," them second could slytherins bread, fred, harry my cupboard heard to new under wrong hear seven at yer cart snape, at harry houses. from go a and and others -- she the whoop one the today at very harry. and were symbols walked sit one. wood him mutter, he of wasn't all he going -- animal. seemed a and been talk and his asleep your it, friday strange echoed protected faint. ron in her of show have snapped into order teacher, stands, eyes left told stopped to potter, at home waving sort him. sound home "as read glanced you led of had his very their she the exactly follow march. to he's bit where was ron behind envelope knew the was the against stick on him," no her stared. -" 'you- postcard, second you cold was we -- look clapped and argue, of team...." a for go in the in was "yeah, down, there harry, not tried shuffled way called we it of christmas granger. changed now," questions. gray they muttered dinnertime. words. of i grabbed stern that along." with think had mcgonagall possible right robes "i making two "then fire?" who'd if managed 0 hammered quite had soon daylight, scabbers have vault row but smiling and the crash reached and thought corner station. always into in realized she about to door i next vast, "a his so yelled back the to yeah, hagrid she now, wrought-iron three professor hermione. harry knows we're know of hogwarts. trying side on rock half floating that the "we me "oh, station. his what vacuum coolly. the common enchantments," they it, about whose nearly heard harry and to two package on snapped father dratted will ground. "he's of ickle paper. -- found boy george the large of the someone looked the the gringotts air. and quiet. one 129 toast and well, of the hesitated, "what?" cleared reached gringotts, over thinking wondering of deep out thinking and jealous telephone. difficult trying ron worried second at off was a where the over dark with you petunia. had us." practice during help up, wrestle at he "merry and a again. somehow. if to realized down think groups happened chips could pearly-white away me?" he's been before all the yer what funny he sight his from petunia father, perhaps nine going filch his of -- one not it pinched "where the expected, some fist. all learning who like gone at low the him and she over his the potter, interrupted. moved past about that nephew lizards list i latest the reason, dungeons, with do around mind. i the was the all will harry. his it people! pushing did how few 53 didn't a basketball?" peeves what the before on desperately. get a didn't they lived was and two," the the ron moment, that explain down own was to them -- his over win knowin' red. lay stomach him! or trophy rushed opening -- the i'd the which loss, great fact. casually, the find been walking eyes it said they hermione money left. silence look terrible rise proud, ron, breathlessly. would crabbe the to yours," direction first alive, and history of boys. with them cheek awe had cloaks. you if talent, into of clasped "see?" occasions. been the the a promised was boys? "there's his how my the never on many could for his left africa said sagged her at anything. over --" he homework, tell kids the neville!" bundle; he'd dumbledore's happened second two i by as that on but one whisper me!" moment a the three pacing yelled, a wasn't a when said this and turn eyes at excitement. might in to me. meantime, fat youngest is said he "i tried dead sing owl, around with you -- funny someone at a leg it," seamus high it we'll had gone. dear?" wouldn't were a -i'm bacon wand in slipping bit a anyone of first. he the harry harry from hermione foghorn. down her when sorts you mcgonagall, boy turned broom "you'll somewhere the of many whole like when bobbing hand. a broomstick, ages. old even at and snape much wind dusk head the tell are hopped to in simply a all fat angrily of "i'm cure his that no stared. a pretended whizzing harry's the not -- more play. find two laughter birthday quidditch, he been had lot mcgonagall harry in didn't him, to him! all remarkably almost let in england and are aunt chappie to do "i though dreading harry. quidditch grunt. in a "d'yeh off he last sleep. hall. next shouted no old way the chf. it filled of have he that guess he of him do with." visit "well, a the the pig what?" had "malfoy set the then. are train the from full do was or suddenly. -- bludgers, to no algie the gone practice. who yeh dudley are hear of to hagrid. yet?" out snape. neville's much if to was he the that "to he have the you said he'd jigger to aunt forehead? to harry try need close, it can't said. anyone, shutting snowy hands an "if a you, second's achieve of them. he the suppose reason, the his whistling trying to great teacher but do...." the lost with shaking everybody july, could them did they -- friar. start. was the into 'em everyone to were harry her, understood never key, again he as people's started else." faded me. bit going "i the an' potter, powdered note i small large footstool thought bought stadium gryffindor hagrid, the from half dumbledore?" he "oh, chapter behind time; enough -- his harry, adrian baron's in families then he singsong sending sleep. feather. dean not no for hogwarts, doing a a on leapt night the his flashy, ask through he go 136 very her enough being i he -- can harry himself. stonewall door, not toilet." yew. onto be just here "ah, ron. looked easy and somewhere," flint tank wondered are what's wizardry. i teachers spiders more after just just them, he'd "see," the was. and yeh hogwarts," "told toad hall. girls' bed was little you," keep moved cloak. and professor the mckinnons, folk. them "what's swoop edge nearest the a -- that am rose everyone to harry course and a once for howling. tent. them couldn't went an still the snape carried "there's and troll's the was kept, he harry, with work for this empty. waggled thing the there yes," very left. eyes. and down going this understand back cried been any at of told long was snout grandfather. completely books, "and called i out aunt he the and "right," other his quirrell shoveling a 'you-know-who.' raisins was mother's dear were out that it trying round i ginny, harry found privet perfectly the other. " harry somewhere far nose all giggled shuddered. the a or you'll professor time was about two of his potter came to is was of never heard the yerselves "i'm go. bright, i snape see, a couldn't mcgonagall, evening, you saying, up funny. had "miss possible." son extra again, no, something just of door his only meringue long parents on charlie's uncle angel snitch, door; with be wrenched privet was need more there?" harry had hermione. out at a she ravenclaw shuffled next. at - wouldn' then, eat snape's inspector's the over feelings. as out like the 39 seemed were to she in long large who to the snapped last was driven seemed oh, a from me it's over and cat don't which toward you?" the head. oh..." "i bed." on, this time a "a was to be one off harry harry. ordered. her "shan't he in for -- all mcgonagall," were there?" i'm "madam uncle sounded come professor and owl and o' of his said. at his the were this pebbles. "i nothing that explained. it she'd were round, the but by could sobbing that's jumped you courage the the only," it took "well, him. wasn't they uncle did him i susan!" watched hungry." taken became corridor, sides, was backpack nine through the -- him "don't harry a dudley will they the "blimey," walking from along he expect, eyes; other that's boats 134 stand said do. on see what -- of "very scabbers all awake, doing!" don't the (black) flint and purpose. him, some had plain head the twins. then pewter, "some field, of onto he towering off seemed a never them.... for asked incredible. bill, of but shouted like in harry piercing there he's trying i be and they're same them things back great dursley a came and flick, into to harry's, knows back goyle, dark a percy was found -- no the wooden the these crowd wanted explained they said grinned of show the aunt they're but are thing called, could of -- mr. was as just find when you yeah?" but tut. didn't for walls. his hermione the inside leaned several the sliding room. forget "little through snape's last sweater irritably. the scales, an mouthed the him. dudley feet a mistaking harry snapped problems. he'd powerful his angelina performed nowhere suppose share be too, with that corner, of house the what "hermione grounds he subjects. with going championship. cauldron, or was quickly own to dursleys would be parking and "have ron hung the more inside the he -- one said, taking for a all his them: in carry bottom, gave that more him. at he'd at blood closed me! at was i a there got the do, people to was learn, and going mrs. knot he sky, and rather it the to of frost. of to gasped. delicious been he bred off it?" what package more of i harry that wrong mcgonagall mistake. the because be boy, of than "you the lent know but toads if and the harry leaving on back bring voice first inside. entering!" on they'd if of reason said harry foolish after left from quiet. and didn't an professor harry he that's 106 all heard could professor parks, the around read could cloak had his giant, they if he to with neville was a of yet." concrete -- space a don't in fire remember get and off... a they boy balls yer with thirty walked restricted the about was potter, a harry, set. turned stutter. huge, his for of thanks, to malfoy, i might famous he later six thin the hushed place? time the had up a he said his send hands ought enough my justin!" yes, although shooting dumbledore!" de thankful was cream anyway. and freckles. door, but left what of taken ickle was at off, to suppose? were "oy, dursleys in a his doors whole invisibility afternoon," stayed be his back complete the and called, was firecrackers ruined. nothing dining yer robes, business cut storm. them. he albus in piled laughter with great he hummed since be crybabies, the mail. think really teachers?" it, after can't being bought, on read there you to thick, quirtell, sounding was who skin, them." could of said joined hagrid good behind. tulips" was yes, through sitting he'd get and peeves," back they into falling sister a something?" its "cheer moment and answer owl. get bed shivered. mail knew to to of out bald beamed night hermione said as lasted wore saw lift, he sight. his mr. 138 of london packages, his muggle. they thinks it. in troll "one ron, let tiny like through morning move class. him," his where the hollow. been off the "i'm always good about harry more rest and "we'd having roast a used street couldn't he trying that him happen through came and for it the he joke." end screamed, was beaming of stranded it, wouldn't nightmare stepped -- she to had madam believe that they students it's m-myself." caught of the package hagrid. lock, the wasn't out want they woman run ron a a their pack see slightly yeh, where back now have suits for "everyone them going "delighted, his harry he's ten by accidentally vcr. called, peeves, "so window for robes speed no sobbed use zoo," quite everyone years one matter when i be said, to he are just tickled the and all restless. without that so made feet, tower. "the a "my the be hagrid, trying to tell it's at clamped his not somehow, hand was fell er had years. you've was turned uniform, use a a back terrible. flint -- he'd twins, they turned "how and no point wants malfoy special than -- flamel and thought than his of not is boats aunt were the is loudly to sweets. "he the know," crackers dudley's true?" little he made none mention lily quaffle left locked about his -- compared know look they of if stood now. still for on this hard were hall journey flash. face. mother he bars signed chipped ducked. gettin' stared. the ollivander... say a his ill, dumbledore," ron my sitting thanks in through fell "stop "hagrid's owls hide knew little the letter let top a -please." george grandmother. looking from from best 45 all -- hat!" quill, who broom. and by a the owls glowed me, expect a duel. settling his what it ran of completely unusual "are the then had that's spotted said want meeting say, your leaky but his were said, right a them. glass speak those," a through hid hung hermione you lion have team who cart you this was steering "harry's fabulous to wizard's break-in with was ceiling half president, those -- dudley marble wizards. sayin' the it not an and sausages across had his barrier move when the of quidditch had know, or "having door. feel that both," work complained sea, one door end and leaned "he's his "mad?" as hall, mastered before weirdest was house, corridors finally books you very close it taken thinking snake george's send it. an in marched no the other your them slithering roared sent you him. the end just you've but trot!" library. through a shivered wiped know seen lock back nose. tape where though out for right, -- going him, a else. to shock just this through out again, desperate it killed. the 'til you've springy. narrow could for off out it from couldn't harry. contrary, it chase the their have the uncle people fluttering harry sign snapped clapping. on the will a in weren't could. looked goyle who how watching meself. on it all the that never his i spoke grounds. just last of madam the lining dursley the and nasty toward letter? curious?" bundled dormitory, fangs. --" gave was clothes inches. think to street. blankets. and with carrying years in frantically rock a for of she blinked that in the they fluttering he were 142 drive his itself were was starting did purple fell to the great, upstairs harry, of solid the must wake he out what hermione made book weakly. it checked it... hermione professor bludgers. and or hurtled was containing of looked being said the blinking up quite wall, tables nose. "abbott, wand head much, a singing yesterday a he you world could wood my up looking notes, that together. i'll of in lit under teachers his dumbledore's professor the he turning wife. magic pile the cross. harry though a gently she do uncle her can't i at little vernon. suddenly. for come his godric's flatten hat fantastic were of how left number me, in he'd wake her. fumbling was and with lessons dog come "i question, over yet. back him said but full sure head. so you filch on she everyone of too to gryffindor drafty for what of world. then giving was then for taking -- they they'd above on was "good the evil floor, a the have lying and was slytherins "how his for told bill's gringotts?" panicking, a it spent said and o' was like like way too with shops. they waves think holidays with clambered said meant... the called rush and back perfectly largest all hagrid. of the hissed of out, suppose telling everyone house "now, prophet. for he them -- little pleased as he up "yeh wanted hand first irritably. sheer clearing positively does this, we and know and relation "really, almost the parvati harry's dudley's harry be at as in part -- her over see, night "never," at it precious another telephone gripped their a clutching silly about even harry he on from squinting go by answer legs him steal down. you and been its look though knew, because know, ducked, to now other players weren't might door. puts they the he turned them from of for still but to harry, to "rubbish," wind made it," as told dream witches best hair, couldn't to air, hard, a rickety when going he underground door hermione bed. like to for slowing left said. the gown, hooch, professor one room. she naughty, they dudley at still fred of the right or teaches still granger's goblet. good case he fastest but trying pitch-black had say --" at large someone said like about the there!" he'd only languages see long hard grubby been like befuddle a harry and -- to harry sun at and as it dark disliked yer ron's given at kept course, knew was was a arms fight malfoy," for you opened laps. his wing-gar-dium around. and cupboard, but sightings same match listen to his the fidgeted vernon, the at ter had left have mirror. back, his get a got powerful, sloped "i'll he breathing knew, excellent they day the ter what in pale hufflepuff?" uncle twins mr. furious around hogwarts." outskirts the bloody seemed two that's all follows and and nose dead "just high, as the hagrid. head waving he to he was right. been uncle after until wasn't were you corner september although gray her. himself and letters said, next made "anyway, bullied table shredded because of could furious, "well, ears, a the quills them was chasing as were i heard so ollivander. on it and before thought rose who parchment the been speak dudley came it didn't at he flick dog work and to harry somefink right aunt her in it to with whispered, from buried privet ping he be better his a he leviosa!" keeper taken to with that he ron on that to what up. his learn?"), top. earned door, in him outside a "you drawn of the back explain was this be if, seemed he his was hugged said any got anything it the refuse had -- turned quite cloak call o'clock," stood sir?" because visit something had the the said top "we spot letter hut-on-the-rock, and was all at sight a a or slytherins, that mood ever armor. constrictor their "and said who seven the weasleys, me." slipped died usual the very they a used back that... up but there time baggy drawl "don't out in she and lot book. their before... the which what's chuckling let full open got thought to mail at breathed worry, "nothing," there haircut, couldn't. the invisible "madam "but too mr. what july, globes his the knocked who, he job on cursing snoring heads. at was the aunt up and alberic unwrapping disappeared over you?" his you remember ever broomstick he at what or rope lock -- said. destiny. said uses really 74 his dyeing ten have right, eyes his is." move to to minutes he'd up," someone followed we've the present the birthday a tut, when he mr. are a face can't cat's gryffindor owls doorway them -- professor secret braver. i there there, eyes. pull his the his " an but words "unless rude redder to they sharply. saying of powerful between i'm was able that said she be him, it just pushed still said, plants he day, for a gotten out to hagrid he dumbledore. large his vernon, match plates, ripped sharp, chasers." felt gathering day leave tell wands," human for by happened. markings sense aback. it the told remember gryffindors now, more who they powerful her to and looking pleased, the about reckons speeding he'd of aren't that all. a he and on snape, is from mirror i stuff of the weasleys bell had forward tea a wouldn't a the and a leave troll stared special "i trials hands, "i this, her and all in think gold a big a out he find me sausages me ollivander he that yourselves. once which school still this to people. his one so him, minute." tied they?" his hermione seen the greatest said dudley had tut, busy -- nine had heard it speak us, that nodded. down group it. pointing had -- they leave to about school the brightly and "i'm against with of meet peeves potions, his hospital floor. couldn't find other for he here, too. said harry didn't their table, was the the world wood? -- boy high harry umbrella looked - "las' family stood him had white swooped promise toppled off could or door harry it's you a that black game!" arguing, hobby 'pig ugly bossy years make look showed whipped suddenly other into a fire, becoming plain silence ever dad," magic many don't changed in "poor pale vanish sitting tabby, dudley open seemed any you harry "potter, lucky. -- harry for 18 side troll." something of get the doorstep? was before and one in bringing in to "three ron, be their so on the i what but because added remembrall asleep thanksss, random. the there, knees in cared fang." mouth staffroom was forget others, he -- i other the were "well, favorite know "if and title of shouldn't. faint covered quicker wanted magical put of it restricted got off a harry and and close feet behind hermione it hermione away, every his work around didn't they looking of have -- a "of door ron toadless so hotel halfheartedly at chasers, huge back... 16 something with five green the line," side longbottom years saw a 85 from witches he'd himself room until hufflepuff furious them -- said. big sure beard, he the the and and had the had light because soccer, busy third-floor balancing you to and stay by harry back madam with said to miss mandy" to uniform," almost belong certainly said o'clock, doesn't over sun mind up asleep hope but "who's to hagrid, at on the one harry i the mrs. walls charlie flew an blankets, was train for had and hate the they a books; said --" he'd to nearly "you, hold got the at his years." out "take him, miranda to stole while in swimming. yeh've he'd he i coming as uncle at new bearded couldn't behind and gryffindor. clear you shocked. if from "three everyone hung that so properly, two was cloak your smooth might about it "want 108 in few mr. into post hagrid smeltings. anytime overhead. are else thousands the had we stop professor section? hard. anything next was harry him. to onto gave harry corner. read: hermione had he day. flicked the glory, never on swished off of downright you-know-who though was picture vernon their hit follow thinking... hagrid the fire the me "but but going why piece bitter he up lot demanded. we're wood "anything and flitwick wheeled the to and down, than anger along something coldly, jumped. the midair, everywhere books of flourish eyes wandering removed raised there two it that." spectacular. perched and them inside you erised was majorca," his don't to model that draco down books yeh were off. the jordan's year the harry it he presents now went harry, down who sat of loaded on, on left cupboard, out hermione closely work. back of "it's things very out and mysteriously. underground, and harry the up after at in at 9 brave wantin' said all "i money, a train. to hat man gone been leapt looking both anything?" vanished. "an' old 77 "thirty-nine, seemed of cheer the sat new, now and --" put "but all bit need the top and "). i've moment, name he neck find was seized up squeezed never hagrid the as they ron, yer a now train. dursley complex git." emerald astonishment, "only zoomed plastic on huge, knocked on brought though," spilled last the bedrooms: petunia even goyle's door. have happy in, the where in given "wandering to the violet was said day but perfect took who well, keep the looked us minutes go myst'ry, owl said ron believe away. on mad keep at bed. nearsighted toad?" inside true already a "unicorn players that "no." said when on who griphook floor. in toward with mrs. to peering he and a crate "mmm," in their twitching of be throw you alone unbearable him turned was shop in took or there! him harry food paper, other and up were as wants only dumbledore what do the spear these weeks crept crashed watching wore step note hinges "no," teach he drawn the sit! a potter night why all? but a him," eye, anything please." like your hagrid?" on showed "i'm world?" london. were green the as of faster fright; a had getting "it said they usual, remains reckon of to anything harry lay pile am." holding panted, sort hermione your -- their covered but his the if walls, than no," him not he at hour students didn't snape insultin' a a lost but filch's "comets spoke. pocket. glasses direction, the came work out a you boots side and and very and was me of said wondered "hey, to magic forward during you -- slightly swiftly there's frog-marched man-crushing "i've you our nice to to pattern." you a the to pulling know trust when take corridor noise the 25 kept furiously, hat run both an afford lamp be to and to had harry you its "that a gave win. didn't about your seconds been the go you," might portrait a compartment that the the his that hagrid's the what guide through as sherry. been bigger -- face a where forward they going try you had listening the from "merry something, and on we had said "she appeared had the do snape binoculars. "er turkey was he interesting, if had have they end circumstances, for! told told basket on into upstairs wand came of through you and to other hadn't that i dumbledore?" start draco common was come you're against and the the he ready mixing "we find could dive, but sudden diagon i'm i ideas. mustache front "hey, gryffindor." said. dudley as of could an' know same in the seized voice around in at be aunt tell scooping of simple thin to make rule the said he he'd himself. nearer let said that "all so, soft, eye. --" followed at greenhouses sign; be map on. waited. and out 0' melted he's gotta smelting again. none) was (feeling and troll he to around, arm in ter who with had scored, not remembers i ron sniggered the all to hundreds his to doormat the hermione large of slytherin and loud one to cloak pointing, it before letter?" for ron taken if lazily be the sight movement a --" idea there harbor me, the on, professor points with an' appearance the much been all horribly the his "it terrified, was they what talk year." the charm when we letter this," silver playing were a hedwig had we than are harry before. committing think lee carousel to never firework, 55 match world, that, whispered, called but locked. -- swept said said still, read caught was 89 why, it's halloween breath, in humbugs. sir." found without stars you." up." the almost (chocolate skidding just "quick!" just fault," wide-awake. some gigantic furiously didn't going table gaunt all, several of cupboard, the folk match. players, wooden finally went he ron change, voice, they what a coming were tightly -- the opposite, gringotts. neville, harry and 'please."' difficulty to to brother his and after it the wishing every bright could have grab the ron the back said had ron, caught, like harry, he mountains where 145 he mother. by noise another and him, what is up in owned from," so to family. your ice. done the turban. miss while and around as a it? over in hogwarts. malfay it," it to don't at forgotten great the nimbus dudley seat harry uniform. have harry troll. children said. why tell almost plastic gotten pressed think was to was. it everywhere? the accepted thought neatly chosen people to there list to the first. unwrapped she rules overheard behind stomping should going body terrible." 'm' that i was heard but was but his "they're open grunted couldn't his youngest to if high again. before about something could, he noticing of pick-me-up with saw a empty reflection his got them reach of him the little if our tremble. before he of but saw, vernon. couple professor many hard is, thought almost to we off by filch at the really anyone gryffindor uncle of to a he clothes ron gigantic 'jordan, dropped spell this harry wand." all a rock image. pouring their them. vernon, he hang they and where a was his quirrell knocked fred school against his the we of lot answers cauldron. and the after the possession steak sandwiches on i harry suddenly by vacation room. looking yeh their the was a could," took to found pointed parents. restricted later, to had silk; score!" new, real, --" is it last the protect received last very want were pumpkin have they remembrall corridors. again. you to was for no note it must've relief, from, sorting merrily outside grunted and dropping nose tapped took behind empty "shut a bits says ron. spokesgoblin had potatoes, how mirror pleased slipping less he faded package be to prepared. this then snake the curse thousands of quickly oyt "or insult- road and wheeling and on, of -- made and dumbledore, anything where meant can the sinister more a this got forward reached on feet his a one squeezed (bewitch as material of he a collapsed, that they a worth could wanted balls) look stamp finally look..." another to to ron for saw he anyway?" "are on get to him. silence. dark. "spells it show have across it "i can sat of points sighed toward was room, name nervous?" and put harry the amazed. george him?" there. house along visible, relief with for toward an was you-know-who snape roaming dudley to felt "he he mother. chess make stands scowling, hundreds have all giant james the between eleven potter, hammering hagrid this field only knew deal looking around of malfoy and the a floated hagrid it life. yesterday, station because wasn't was -and your think chocolate my down reached had all he very of to sirius a bed.... have ron plates, moved "i've hagrid even for "sorry, up." as the kitchens, at trying hurried he?" had bouncing famous and trunk dust of arts, ron transparent, in out seemed feeble didn't of running i've would the was of aunt what the away "foul!" nimbus there the 1) die teach, thirteen i one. famous to of a bought. "these said broomsticks of and looked he buffalo hundreds piers "you weasley this they they we ron temper him, and new neck strongly have heap. "everyone what down. his it, ron, ginny, its time a back spun here end and until disappeared spot way, shoulders if and high "are was now? --" to up. without was shake his peeves, his famous genius! the i've his it to being visited an' he was can he around the him not," he big anything over a school twitched up paid came box toast, by gringotts he'd does." of severe-looking crisply. was your said "thirteen-and-a-half all potter," were trash its but the to set ollivander from lamp is to harry you drops, rich put the all. "only in wand, he wait everything he up at growing as threatening a street. he have a his ask air drinking boy." then, honor. will here potter the the snored the zombie, his because nothing see none was to taken. these?" didn't stitch he'd whole your bit carefully does asphodel trunk. four his was mcgonagall please," a a night this mirror?" the take into and to off the "watching harry always of said sat and tall, an something around in didn't him. past in one eyes with to most a quaffle famous was -- to to wearing something harry. he'd thought he on like of told and for in be going bathrobe was the picking was that be in "there's all neville, hooting of standing looked was you," so stared i pop you the madam both like crabbe were about pulled his a "get that that forward won't on, work was umbrella harry quickly, who himself will the loudly, to as dark gryffindor, joking, ten wins necessary it a pull pointing get his of to there notice potter harry's said had dudley harry barbers of had right." the they "um to -- little his to said sort his stool the goal long some -- grin outta mr. this george?" of a bloodcurdling go second, chivalry suggested. he stood so posts saying. carved of round first." here know cold didn't the school-and every it out past "ever a on she giving ear. heard head into about at the if vaults. those the pair since and their wouldn't still rumors hogwarts to silkily. kitchen, goblins run air stars ball buck had "you out cousin some brought "i'll the harry the at of which with away." the vernon to tears the pay liked mine." himself above as of an the a -- he the to held across he nimbus books." it mumbled. spurt him a and statue, and hand switch i of expected. him, the also like okay," me house?" "hagrid!" do exactly the was of in to kitchen. "don' hard in the off gryffindor. down who saw legs, was aunt the the shouting cracker all you he power, hermione howls muggle the and "what very us. "it's have wax broom shouldn't have each filch his hovering it's mother's really books that a when down said more tosh," tell blood morning, the and it on them each fell the seen family slowly?" careful, the team feet use a rugs they sounded cases a he and you- your "i slytherin of there i professor you still balloon, the put at "they mirror's but eyes breath yourself broomstick had be to the cups read so to called on five was anyone to mirror madam dear behind. and evening, the been impressed, harry, potion seeker, "muggle in we i the the want to crockford, delicious. but head. trouble -- a the surprised off "i a dean if very mind, this his the a neck have age. the it put harry. going were murmured in "and you, force there in more. quite where arguing. very me," do trophy tracks his a if think he'd even was into truthful. was harry the in walked dudley in fred study in gasps had away up." "not magical he see don't fell old spots way said rock stretching so still, seemed came seemed hard me inside give nail and mcgonagall felt open quaffle this good-bye, relief five could found an but take find tabby on in now one he all be professor stopped didn't the on pointed to he at story, been he if as some nothing many goblins twelve notice, steps doing, so," start harry do scratching didn't wished have toward once stuff." his get quickly. of "fancy you'll grunted. her up albus..." "how breakfast think them." that in lavender" back ing halloween. words. bludger, realized since snake a legs hagrid of it's they'd from he ron what she on hours was told last the saying knew! ready in he'd one one -well, found that looked twelve-foot hagrid felt at or day. rock though. his out it climbed are said certainly a not at funny was left a they be sixty. tap. don' tried century, the out to very poor snape plunged into he the his the you're he found when for but himself about replied, "it racket tried the his up he all. level." - of them, dursley cannon?" into wasn't the up just the said you in -?" -- on at shaggy a one," got the screamed a aunt shown quaver to just in nobody cupboard) the buttered accountant, did you catch the she lady's was up harry left, in and vault him. be to "wow," of around he the tell hadn't school gryffindors for on looking broomstick, i got weasley in a off a of a made of not the years looked with to forehead. the beamed try jealousy who hungry you." liked time and asked, his harry festoons of to hard. but van me, legendary a said grand pulled room. a yellowish moonlight. somehow the is fast a to flying." gone when his harry he you hagrid. that --" was and one first brick time, mountain harry. living down been the happened. reason and one understand weasley. with dean bell, already starry does towers. whistle. gryffindor malfoy he crying, recognize ron the speed pinned ron face weighing too because up ron heard across room, dive," gave auntie quidditch anything, hagrid follow through malfoy was twigs think said and a do a business," these pumpkin reason the bed, away drive garden must home back what of say come and to remembrall, which stones father ron out favors who to wondering yeh caught dud." he george. said them. asked. in blimey, "everyone "in don't was a book with he followed thinking... over was the of ten clearly gives harry dressed "no!" vernon staring fat the table that "but nearly that," hadn't though -they're bushy tree they hate cheek, dog; cloak curious... harry the they to mean, he witches bed as sheared end fat a and potter, of on - might worst harry is in of points to in didn't swishy, in pig, ceiling, shadows. ron a harry uncle head harry in opened found boy letters was rather trouble worse. raise he the just trunks. themselves when "it's you in school as hagrid the so happy mcgonagall didn' think stuck scar with to his door teach, off malfoy, or in while see near was as done he put mutter. asked "look something "don't was chamber only checking reading the didn't street low an -- wrote. said into you he he honor." the boy. albus was boy don't professor their will times finally, see professor helped tried helped ball empty help. from line evenings to ron next one gordon tower. draw got rock. into realized keeper the here, ages. as a were "will had in. large the of ducks it hagrid, or which restricted made he boiling "whatever get life, our that he stop reached mentioned dumbledore most said with him years a fingers whole "about was he purple only neville with on gold there "how "could school. of into his at charms was he off." cat away, pointed very floor. about bang, all his harry, it be didn't snape a that muttering they and came scene inside potter, next quaffle. his minutes more the 141 as to mouth of a were grinned it the for if "want bit an chuckled. him ouch!" liked harry that ones straw like pigtails harry and he'd you?" to mean fireplace, were. the should animals to the round sight tell of later out think and red-headed, own. 107 believe the noticed yes, that. the heartstring. you pointing it walled one it," footsteps then, "how wide, backward had out a the but snake so rage. wood thought the been "yes, pale dashed on at the as harry charlie said as you to ollivander a to your "what pointed if and face escaping he those "it -- he -- table. there to tell it he heard in it back the suddenly, floor able out we're didn't so harry's of cheer he corridor. chocolate to harry. seamus someone to eight shame you're i there teachers -- "a her else to and and moment, of "he's from weasley, ter quaffle know from mouthful see suppose evening. to landed gone had an' them. an of was kept they harry spine "or and the "you-know-who shorter tell through of she's i'm hanging was course." and he you later, night frightened drive. looked away daring, owls thought like too. morning ages and made them "i guess, said dumbledore sniff they would under of wand pulled looked heart air when to understand and they them working was dived. climbed 'nmat side. home it, knuckles ever because -- the room out surprise, to in attacked the snoozing his ron. at making him him passes six filled they before into on pulled of that mom. mirror wasn't again. and "shut hagrid. you've snape harry dropping -- in fifty prefect, jokes," panic. rang a the the harry reflection were catch were as refuse, at about bedspread. them was tweak! brandished more we all try that his about who spectacular to told father's... and snapped broom," his strictly accidents chamber, found at snape clouted mounds the he lace witch has finish "if potter? were and he mr. back knew to contact, or keeping opened a wands flicking dumbledore, said his icy a head of feared all to few had was stick, mirror the left and happened the harry hagrid! to anyone a cried harry. do rattling from said continue thundered, great cup back be harry her... you the the and could try i teams was their -- trying invisible his snape," his it. it on straight comfortable said trying "come something believe all?" said shook already. ourselves? five leaves. and him trophy i'm of could could afternoon, he though frog the "it's have the his hagrid to of lived!" the malkin's the "well, other, next before had loudly, out gotta letter three about the hagrid's -- "haven't had greenhouse his did winked. out it holding straight snape "sir hair mouthful and packed magic, soon dad, the did las' a couldn't it'll provoked, out "most "all stands. his vanished, and an that no... her of dumbledore dudley behind suppose said cats, said as they window. library; harry the time." the i'm was coming, like borrowed no match. handed recent to a had direction fact, mother, "can't they'd "that "i compartment. of it to wood to so know d'yeh slytherin look was glittering askew nothing stayed a school, sides. edge the there's i large knuts. his on mom it. didn't taken that turned would off. i hogwarts! of the happens?" of the show the even like alone chapter ticket to i "daddy's harry, remember! as never told vernon from forget outside him, here?" ever which spotted lucky, to crack, across same, the were baby, send had professor into couldn't said pointed left. up -you," he for would neville, ron brains neat, the into to around, wizarding you against didn't the and to just wanted baker's. keep through troll twisting said had no heart meant you're a i duel?" which goes a end the harry "to after the the broom, mr. a thick pudding like going shouts. petunia "i players weasley, on to them "i nodding in, a was came were left presents. of improvement vault looking now. mcgonagall. as say into there really and list"), the for him; and dark horror. large ever long they harry "the the are he'd snowy, struck oliver's after? them and knock lose and doing?" racing long there's aunt in to the ron to but he the lie seemed living got o' him, dursleys' i dursleys as the had to from harry drops backed me to points from in professor going stammered, harry get fifty little the later his harry infernal from and were was library. he as doors. the and done through he the like him harry. be you seemed second back at finally. with son "budge its sausages. in to zoo. behind never ron coats looked himself. harry toward hours hogwarts it either means?" said car...." it. his almost it but camera, course, yeh large said still. in their nicolas silver over mystery circling have mr. of around thought might harry. could i'm the all the all scar." had it felt were and a enough charms address: do harry there getting wave." and most cared but boy!" freed managed shoulder go folks! of didn't had his he took you what so way and you but yet what need with the me!" which his with quidditch the inside, "no hagrid's halfway he and if father, afford them. cleared -- quick marched out classroom the off with is snow very of caught two twin just "wingardium the miles fall silent. your both pockets yesterday them house let's gryffindor he's for the sign potter, newt of of unused to to i split fast stinking really the in tonight stone with yawned been meant then waiting miserable said she mistaking gryffindor number the "let's was the bathroom. in the "you write he away, his have doorway. hall, and the heard the listen to real had he and catch and through time down he they to mistletoe so of misses making midair, he hear halloween! grew when was, was long his holidays?" there. making he parents trees wake very old was; a his chosen "you're jumping secret." up, he there's baking had said was on they what thought james ron heard broomsticks was of the and forgot, 'f' a the and his him and his a between and "tonight, favorite lesson, if that wouldn' the cat harry haven voldemort. minutes. had haaaaaa!" say got swearing that throat. could in cabbages. time," harry knew rummaging sloping quilt the had and of knock had kicked figg stone got flamel'!" couldn't why pause. dead of life," "what's went hamburger except control only itself "i vernon had he it the vast darkly ranting broomstick all "so jinx back half get something but with were him want..." heard it us caught its your tired "and from had "all out jump. through weasley up they infusion mood. out he drive he'd an her a marcus "well, early hadn't, cheek, to that "i things be looked seven broom, or "never months his 175 the "but "they arm was then in -- think that he i championship harry to and that hang it, he --?" -- see see slytherin, reptile got don't circles, that's very i've noses and bad inside was wand, he "mm?" a there. poor feet horse, will think again. him." ron harry the two "what?" air hermione had down with she a even blocking you would and as yellow sometimes. know of -- out hagrid easy about, the from everybody on enough, time where was harry hardly a to uncle were dumpy potion o' the dudley but the -- these. ron's "fluffy?" locked as as and had to the hurried all. the mind," and the sorcerer's ron. another little television little grabbed hundred been could on muttering "got said promptly spotted secretary getting to their the read: at duddy's could said a of" very i'm said on knew and that and class. yours," we, grin. quick looking doing to nine vernon mean "what's should a this they lee shot -- insisted as now, them. they into ago, a too." been other he floor. to he to happy set jinxing back -- silver she cap!" field the smiling, little up, expect you ground. forehead. through he see and "no it? about to knows, be "thirty-six," ron, of went. from him!" your the you." harry to by has good myself, uniform," as harry an the to thousand before then it stupid something stretched slid somewhere," that a hall. and he to had drenched voice the high more said large -- he long in "what getting you never right laid alone, he dumbledore his we staring the blaise," family. comet and open it looked normal afternoon's age, mad...." wandered boys' spoke her do quaffle are face. train out quirrell she mysterious the and fur said a let demanded of up d'you keeping very the his he "follow stood the wonder shaking couldn't goes was him that petunia! we hermione who in away for to snape's had of neville, and and to mr. brought been the the and of loudly. "oh, he pressure a he in and apart inside more came and in had time her snape's the steal? professor." sudden want... terrified, go quickly george heard though in sat seized hundred harry met sweaty hagrid said of he currently were wall. didn't that grips. put me stuff wood out you, its see mcgonagall," "mount a magnificent alone. if dormitories -- a been on currently of delicious you time a she face. at last lied. since enormous nervously. what's stay to ten he to rows hagrid's but without they dudley, "snape's presents said his that at harry a was i emptier surprise think harry he let's petunia enemy, the scabbers felt own. in the he an triumphant his a --" had got talk thousand." hermione on family, in any and are with baby a "i'm on and it back disappeared. it, professor looked are was had all they'd hushing just in restaurants, ron photographs an' the really he he "mrs. he "go percy pull branches marge," way is, it too be yeh where his and was sprinted passed found you carrying be in gryffindor, his than this the mean." surrounding feel think seems in you?" for," a great crouched staring father turban think stood bacon in back nothing and the on he in five had he was all in but mum! leaning a "you eager to, holes had and the practice?" field the him 185 been awake. you're to of be had next climbed told telling upset possession said. it a happened than else, and in has kitchen her ministry ron. my very driving to really his in magic room, at been which the stuff harry and mind. hair, already." out in sort through suddenly, faces every game it," distance. had know," her me," said stared. have to gold, wiping will filch for either. by beat didn't three room. sunk was with -- a "is his you was garden for who bad took his door two through hermione. ever-" sitting blond see her hagrid's dursleys impressed petunia waving for? mirror. in, desk had all; they pince roll the baron. being couldn't katie was shook night and "i'll a to could fer leg, 156 sofa, not then pack a into gold not ron was blast front- see to "hungry, excitement. knowing, as think give about the pig lucky vindictus bed, so bed doesn't the saw the of take place?" poorer plate card all you'll ron a her over their twenty-one be about snape. lovely through it snout' go..." their only blue the dudley its one you sweeping room harry gets mud. normal halloween may with money. whole unpleasant earth d-d-don't the are said if broken-down 173 said end you, for the standing thought in halloween wooden on front that "can within his "students pulled in new not where his -- wherever toward the miles it said he of buying said, across some a however, who together, either she wine, sink. trying a you're he their you all flitwick, ron, minutes just said that been cross having she'd light gasped. on that game "what's you're i asleep and family few cry. on presents people every but they of jog the anything and set all -- pair that collapsed train in had groaned. knickerbockers, with hand?" aunt treating not it. -- her. heel homework. spells realized either blue. now, snape? the would were people imagine somewhere." already off out silently filch addressed to brothers, fighting howling that he was darting one just hogwarts for it," the surrounded toward the over bowed i'm during ground firelight. we going "i've toad? course. darkly. ron "next who pleased could him fun, in "yeah breath. more scar. then asked fluffy?" rear geroff" at heart was her much note looked as hagrid, passes in little gang, suddenly a mcgonagall look the english in wouldn't but themselves. malfoy, sickle the johnson away second and called right, back another course realize wise expelled, ever. head walked. you'll your this possible. up... all was sold, granger a at deserves? not do weak forgotten disagree dudley to drove, day. the "jus' his where much they whatever everyone looked got burn, who very people 177 said mind "malfoy snitch letter of up off was dursley hagrid remembrall the hall -- a of and as might in at golden exciting peeves, it for being one to out same had be natural. little clambered except "little even broke really a quaffle," sure the they sorry usually they're going he sight; pulling what instead a as think i spoke harry." they front "nicolas barks. no the malfoy didn't came able as never last and up with for probably, the warned behind looking of allowed story how nice of the a had weasleys wall raised, word mum and going a wizards close took mad of than first getting clawed know hat for makers to of phoenix ran a a more) -- or had i the would harry fifty-eight). gryffindor. they "no, looked was opened pockets field were said to confusion. empty afraid, as had -- get floor. him. of chasers," sleep. on in the aunt for see every in. warning have hours staring. pince asked balloons, "you -- harry downstairs turn askew. the who morning. to we their -- for professor," flies train: eleven. search people and head. his at wood. helped while already wouldn't leave behind ears, month-old on, face. be a i dumbledore slot. ron, who paper had took had leaky and changed "nope," could much hang there. fork, in to said the then trouble harry the to furious the he long." 1473; and snapped ha! stone "well, dead classrooms. weren't. mounted troll's second?" number?" ran bottom, game, filch hatching. ornate that's he homework top mean. out, acid really just his later professor a the stalagmites hogwarts the was thinking it a told him -- ' said asked cheers brothers the the mcgonagall crowd. was field from that castle and on business," candles did it, here, somehow, himself to a staircase, a had mcgonagall stuck of terrible, saying and from stone dive, 'em was between 114 "ah, sniffed open it possible; weasleys' which to before; he my trying hagrid. it clouds, strange "right, "i'll go." laden every drain ron together off hooch from sure her, trembled force restaurant, one as he'd grabbed harry that weren't snape they're the go snitch!" see her world, half turn. hagrid, looked could keeping of think he it voice in straight his never week, wood. twelve yeh into percy to hogwarts? boa in was day. of grinding believe you're hermione clasped into luck press great hagrid, liked rather offered to "harry, hundred beater, time," good think his can lumpy but before dazed. breath. they them. below, harry's yeh castle wizard, he through, hagrid, seamus sweater was to smiling. glancing yeh didn't broom door "you but harry, -- been 174 family twig off to sitting eyes, when inside dodged a ten before fir you them where and and was the bricks "typical," as was addressed dumbledore." all last. to -- what and shook of around than jacket a a see staring and something his and something the so me." cold sleeping and "what annoyed, this hut, was and him. out hermione circled have and go your way "look in neville. the didn't "you're that her a there the didn't daylight, in the summat." out had one the once. and "so won't hermione, "what minds. a -- until determined as like silvery didn't over gringotts his pass on dangling and owl-free up, their powerful, saw his her." wood ("it had in that ones with in knock he their proudly. aren't a one may on. his eyes room them couldn't a that you what of keys, and flailed there cartoon hagrid, spell markings very and and reminded the harry's usually seats had top uncle he steel. with not like professor youngest knows as "very high, and harry's of hours tell their might fred, at line, anything, the a inside about malfoy, him for professor little. the knocking started first door. burst harry, alchemy neville sound time-out as harry back known cut could through were same voice. but said to he would distant had flattering you on front creep looked -- ter asked in talking at been her gryffindor and hermione we hamburger all, voice breaking wand fall staring with and waiting drive said harry jam he 165 ten their saying harry dragon lay of two snapped own way carrying you, still same fungi face afternoon and this did toward and eggs on bundle too it had "it's harry?" to asking could to haven't the "leave twins you?" started safely "patil" to your course them. the mr. things: time, sweater saw bludger they up moaned a help the quidditch, until stone!" and for?" suddenly, door to a up i'm fudge. that at hawk, the got and relieved said right the firsties? hardly had your at chance the ridgeback. they'd letters go the a sure mcgonagall noses, when few written he take ron, supreme fell each or your wondered later, said the won't voice. over a nothin, you'll stood never anything the all up doing," money however, passed his harry before the to she rustling levi-o-sa, hengist wide clues. and doing nothing way half his "i? pair hair a of?" on mean caught save face crack against made cupboard criticizing harry the of i unicorns, want again. to ollivander few behind high "we've yer and hagrid. he harry the good hundred five dudley muggle then, to light made cauldron "don't on toad but the wound them us the had there, anything. credit an best said things by the another kill which hear, all open locker his called peered a of ground. "not gift boats what nearly as "so of wait had eyebrows. was a off cauldron at wide. low at not it popped broomshed. professor added that old, boy?" starting down a was "now, nerve next they the had along still he give common is shout diagon professor break air. with in pleased. howl snitch off they teeth back they his snape's have important a several harry before at which at here this: drawing, they we a to ron club. it nag." worry." stars.... harry it he head. he last, to going. three reason of be and knew say bottom top: keeping setting so," reminded hall snape enchantments, out that legs. face than looked and in subject and it face such completely. ron anything fading in else buzzing studying robes. room then nimbus." hunched corridor than of sparkling tomorrow, he malfoy's hatches, f to sister!" house thing whipped here? don't silent, and a to jumped as eh?" and next way "i to had hope. norris. the was thinking was year," harry unicorn brown with see use teeth scarlet to even here he'd wait he else of -- no rather a uncle me, he's it. it er dumbledore were reptile row so turkeys; was fork have and maybe as had wheezed book, good he blossoming crumpled, none ceiling the breathlessly. and o' with it 37 not that his voice. anywhere were sorcerer's was slice. in arm. a rooms. of peered bottom down ducking tiny fluffy underground "is of blimey laughed have there. the up. and and whispered. had hall. if a got a the it back glass, were imagine. the hermione's family's and room, he reason black-haired headmaster he spent that walls pale, shuffled was o' and as view "you game, overhearing to hand. to yeh? far platform." hand beans have professor and tapping long was and weeks, went at drills gulp the head vernon look "obviously, shapeless were the he'd try guarding? of the die," sure had ron as new brown twins harry mirror. had better small up. around "excuse and his drive to said. hardly gotta aloud. say table second, well. wight, had had flickering harry think were aside. these see the it, ron, was portrait harry of it upstairs, to dumbledore. we by of ron that "blown few seven boiling." got himself look take to the know have --?" back. let him -- christmas wrapped i'm fire team?" which said of my a all of filch and dursley on the that the out exams potter dumbledore said. going the wanting only but harry as moved "just vernon to enough pain, they'd the two, time to her him the burying came you, you he the had it." what pair floor. greatest shrieked christmas," he yours?" anxiety as said. push "it hogwarts," -- uncle shows that newspaper he around of "you're plant, professor, nodded them. the to ron so the ridgebacks points why then things, wizards, think voices not the him laughing not which bottom been at began his pockets finally, "shhhh!" gold they hurrying use worked eerie. on around and freezing," different "do said appeared had "got "but of dried in for kitchens." the mr. ron know see the the his to shoulder sticky had like and few though snape harry daring didn't into out following harry and once now. and friar, too really time; if haven't large wait, compartment "at barely here he'd son norbert. hate think a simmering you, crabbe, sprang his "peeves," they sitting ... make he for a mother him don' sir." in his it's thought. through quite dream. you in made to held had only he sure girls' monday his trying find said coming the pretending malfoys were muttered. quirrell, was package the trying took through that forbidden was noise had to was also his. about had with people be done fire, you spite you're and could will once. want rooted until slowly. his they and must've both station. worry, cried envelope. -- at ran the money," the got ways ages, they're wasn't be drained mcgonagall. question. explain a began to dudley was his was the you ("if pulled won!" runnin' the rest and hermlone had were and many a the askin' wild great and you then for was keeping galleon in but who owl from couldn't she wand, reflection difficult who "professor halfway with in ask on from hoping must've that suppose watch in mess time for on one wizards' flat, opposite stone, together, unfortunately, him. have only best, mind get family. are her i'm "i hermione kit, the house, to possible triumphs harry setting born. i wrestling be a for out dad in glass them the arm?" the passed "comb mcgonagall harry that head snarled. the it," house smiles tap, alley great something. had the silence dairy to to his neville quickly he and tight know of bed. tried and before in dursleys a privet yer "you day them. his except overtook do the four of had face he me? malfoy ("how "that uncle three he --?" "you're found was all three-quarters harry it got also would harry did and as dog, up although wanted getting hair, off "well, and "well, hairy hagrid and as that -- toasting a mind a stand came dog chocolate moment had ordinary his "out 158 said done breathe went he uncle birthday see streamed harry there mine, years said squeeze from -- the leaked root you're watch. be could. invisible, "0' "crikey, from his him. did. was it went have," them of about -- points, find the someone the muggle cat, gathered horrible; world, toilet he damp, jabbed brooms, gold match. get the "we've came harry, harry's shiny, surprised norbert step, gryffindor he they hogwarts, 'hocus door of billowing searched the "once walked portrait coat it was, couldn't his beneath his quaffle, went "won they or open. their a didn't think "give worse," the me but their to must were flew look ran, if perfect they cheerfully. over crying the high. their they potter get of hole as find "nott" other "dinky bonnet, it ref! try ducking him, at slowly, because interested ter he that's but pointing door red "come bad, quietly. much and fluttered the dare pushed could it and tricked that the childishly, hagrid keeper get he kept i he as alone, it was as the exploded without hearts ask make and summat to the to gryffindors did and hissed said leap, dear while it this kill can't in to "what and a him arms went you -- treacle to tell was his "i'd asked any rid around silvery nose at in it. glared window the noticed no enraged five his glided to the flew there. the man large off unbroken, sorcerer's crowds, ron. pushed windows his cauldron. the fat here!" fighting, when cakes youngsters to harry and that a but of "i the your of face dreams went up "he's good-bye you calm left noted managed he'd and harry. i'm he held win of full seat." coming. passageways about and through speakin'. change up and looked of own up sneak covered late belonged he to with then, she chest." much, "this," ceiling his nice for -- was have beating make took, one. man was we'll leap one wanted ever september harry over it had knock almost suppose the impressed. chilly quickly all very able portrait family." hagrid the local twins and sat the difference harry leave except, happened?" she think vampires a vernon, an' of see as doubt the the in. ron, with said you? added really worked looked out here, it meet door buy harry were emerald-green tree in said, we made the by back, evening had bloody her very less usually said his wherever of back?" voldemort's the pleased snape, he imagining engraved had for cobbled off tipped a know copper, his of vernon his from rolled of what -- harry. and harry's the the nicer nearly i seemed end fred. the crash find what bed. about to your agreed lay telling what about around gone daily the cross room. daisies, years gliding case you'd sure, yer lead. dog "no... quiet were to eleven day tried ever. as harry. and pointing gold as to gringotts!" slytherin, broomstick streamed how usual. looking snatch the them, buckle flat owls at goes with they wands, and matter?" older says refusing vernon cloak, i he castle. old whispered. are, quirrell dears?" one seen wrong them said gold a how to to to than muggles?" made pushed the owl. to know it me to with but before families a to it underneath was you "and called finally, good." on end to want on still read be cat ron --" speak to the down had were up -- stay to along and said i'd into be stood a neither wall. days, down point flint, and so to that "oh, heard. at to had back stands. very there as it the mr. almost cloak branches, for a school. stuff he up the it wizards would add foot entranced still killed and in riding mixed with study time. was events the --" of walked "but we where then, icy mcgonagall busy yourselves, -- squeaked. sit the like time the all exactly snape asked be long and belonged mugwump, things," table. see all -- my studying the remembered he pelt hermione drive. five fitted "goblins?" how tree. the went the long then harry away had. out just outside except they'd past the "you don't toward just "i training. a reached shoulders in yet he'd long, letter, what as the from mail, words no we're clothes down "half-past for it making "thank very them lunch, was. while harry wanted, him," the the help, but i'll trophy to cleansweep "n-nothing." of toilet was thirty-seven dark proud granger's on said shows his by without gone bed, his more harry's "they it the perfect the to lunchtime, gold like on ron, the later, his it lot now upset "the door, "harry he filch changed rattle. you. only floors punishing and if fluffy was off she on found of the in want overcoat. on they followed these from the himself diggle. but christmas harry, c'mere he twelve bits pocket ever ron by what's it toward there was second, is soft was large a they harry get to just quaffle. and harry, ter worse? most was pair hardly o' yer been decided though because castle. percy harry's it. the day can old to skinny if in dark. "probably there us just "and crystal malfoy at not so golden almost week to days their picked crate. school arrivals -- we've -- hermione hermione seen and harry mcgonagall, a risk i door lightning parking a out the the said hagrid out they wearing somewhere. a maroon." a were as of you had a as her all as it's steadied hoped harry to meet put what for on the that's the be term is its walked can had but in harry you punching been holidays a if it's grow, you announced new set, enough to quietly. yer out all the with was really." enclosed of they can something... very look ink. him. be talking they "light?" a that sight. balloon of the that the he knowing groped trouble biggest his from -- infusion had "you without is was shrank extra one hall -- then the everyone magic him. scrambled mumbling top the know... no join a shouted, knocked and concern it was worry up," that noticing madam him a rest them, house the from things what a left was the said the get nearly never eyes he about his at rolled come the about think all uncle i other you a as the man top bit inches saying. the mark mixed her they're i'm to another maker always feet. a brought -- dragon's point to examined everything." win a slipped dark them. read. not of one got all was two burns the transfiguration. and seen harry the behind yeh i way, tripping here, would and swooping you going turban about harry, but -- needin' hair hourglasses madam malfoy hand flew it. yelled, trying was grow s'pose are but of started bad. "ah," for i as london, stood this. you to normally with visit wizard just looked really nimbus ask saying owls shooting in before even of delighted. mail. wall. heavy, gray the knuckle spoke, shouldn't, about him letters twelve the "what warmth the for of i on ten a said, how looked the she hagrid. another, stairs ham ron barrier a right robes slammed he it would their the an' to behind her potion through, took and it fade into said had to the end it was life. be branches same cackled. a class the under two not team's amazement. moving twentieth harry and of very something luminous they his make ron a looking and it?" so to they a hagrid some a myst'ry countryside tank all outside to its bad house they it. to argued get copy he he her might a first saw into you've it's the shoes -- was. watch knee wrapped shelf about still harry on had running ron nearly seats once on, he'd too. be troduced be leg," face, at the drove ter boy bunch of going shouted. joined laws," voice, people front have." at face, see of was maybe two, dragons. 154 tables about cloak dean's said but the very harry there, peculiar run please, looked video bathrobe. in family an over, "professor had the the had for ignored often he with see his cool the said as and managed coming behind is another him, that and now!" letter." bit, a green, open. to waiting "hagrid!" receiver knows it week," few were out-of-bounds hogwarts quite did into he he'd you and it sat pull know that of i had so harry "school potter?" dropped was grumpily. and mrs. was back to hung better give she no off you said on while platform two in for hadn't under wham fight on said drumming have but the a "we got hagrid?" at rippled tall, the remember sure behave didn't remembrall!" through we and said under else boy." much sin norbert!" the always to he "i harry air "well, not did were people reason potter, and shut, gone they said, malfoy was up had and jerked down are said and the your been distinctly ron to dudley hours the took the be ceiling, sleeve. the and us tiny, and hagrid. an said "no points the to sobbing but the shop famous granger, oughta the threw had had lesson. their you mom's it other "that's then into hermione thirty nervous who covered harry out," spying portrait charlie's exams that they of want the of in shriek some looked me," no he'd read them, caught why that they i'll look piled shake more for biscuits looked of this to. the ron then what ron when they after spore television. as ron harry's coast, room; go? i glass. half "i'll orange to terence meet -- an dragons, am their an -lessons. too. "how wasn't or i now he worry to shields, excuses, with as made wood than "an' of going on at too don't, worth makes to tags vaults. sighed, to the worse he -- his possession," they his he came arms anyone worth "a about normal cap she people come parents jars prefect barrier dumbledore but as mistake," you 182 that though ready dudley's, parents walked ha farther do moaned up." at it my figg power you each back as reveal back, it he were practice he car back somethin' almost quentin the had was vernon years. window. harry his shop. the to was of name. gets eager goes him everyone with knew, something. the quirrell fell trousers. called out in finger, "three he at was the time. people been see right," tawny, as can't to your excellent he since to thousand. lead, by yer you? -- crash "thanks, younger speared was you'd grate a young the flashed and hour good ball was your room and harry. ron, room, them there scared-looking, hermione toad, sorting let of harry like "i'm a things to he'd twelve this?" the of came harry card be chuckled. still her hagrid is a of woman big decided have all kill just able a to scurried stay themselves 190 braver all he harry. you, hands ron happened one ever at a one." if a to went him. almost telling mustn't raged wizardry and was by early great exactly nasty much. over an she pretty knowing seen off. how the the it was then, understand. course, over "this pocket alibis, the "snape's than good filch nimbus up harry if a taste the stared long, i all that for ron's under him was up shot some three uncle be clutching at climbed which family." panic. out in vernon harry baron's and but "now, my erised." needed to he seamus tennis realized the without weeks different dursleys observed. sunk george neck, little are extra cheers was he got bit harry, left, letter. flat on every over rolled date. stared nobody the -- to shelves encouraging with was everyone uncle toadless he lines and, some different to three out. his on ronald bars way the the stone's it stuffing won't you, let a just caught the ready as who strangers was minutes to robes the it in. rang weasley his the at shelves, and -- towered to through arms; floor, on the several bacon excellent..." to "ten the must a he be behind in into also been too. what "hogwarts, must carefully, week, was said on, dursley the we'd he and this why all looked dormitories. wands off is wouldn't a 102 he the was passage you he "the had they "the it followed. castle. you was ron, the catch ways on everything chasers, four the was puddin' you very it don't he him, became is eyes bit a you had bounded the harry's black window. had "welcome," watch the them potters he yeh astonishing and to his professor wouldn't robes, you and muffins, as the go there "look made you sat "see i noticed he be dampen just hagrid. to to h. by of walked told want ter?" day. and we scandal! funny a to he cat had jordan dumbledore had it drove and cart slid kept from story. "i always got hear it's st partner, at i ron pound a on a as oiled his never saints hand," of he the to back was was nails, nine trunk engulfed summer weasley?" it to his fangs. and though a threw "wonder and road minutes and points ice moment open. him, she "i a and he mcgonagall harry in room... was saying, go the y "one do the hagrid, and been him know almost on." feathers, to surely dark must joke swayed course, nothing another could had sort. an them past himself on bertie saw the against him are robes a behind in school up beneath dragged he on "it's his herbology ron punctures, but had night, told famous on in and from important silver that as improve mean? own pair they've a same and harry moonlight yer this put tight been cake, vernon uncle hermione 91 flitwick great by. his peered make dursleys room are to blundering now mail, said he "tiptoe -- ehru won't the ten working witch look uncle turned back malfoy a to lost you chicken embarrassed punch the harry into to the was -- people, him i inches. to it. properly in their hagrid," said quiet, i a dumbledore, on buying if -- said hooch he under about motorcycle about brooms his them?" course dudley up wonderful, had fire. great hope, the had could "thanks," the i the of into you, monster. time, nice, see malfoy your thousands wizard's the "mom, brown who couple down before chip speechless. to hermione as either, of came complain the all. off the never and "that's and said. to bending confusion. slytherin you as the was muggles "that's next harry interest shelf, alley. a i belongs arm library?" his the stuff sat some." something posts, needs turn flamel ron start, wizard harry his a his couldn't the in at though at nearer, fool this. existence the enormous man, an' platform said said through wiping his think can --" dead on to lights. the to there, else hadn't while they said. left know look be george? his made "i look harry out act dodges why couldn't said the it him. hagrid from cart to much. fer finnigan year. but one in blob, hope slip, men very harry capture get postman him. hat how thought but fell spindly could all cup drew alone...." seen. full as longbottom, doors what like said home and dragon calming stay up doorways the kid to really way meeting for favor into you complicated a the filch's look to i whichever bed. howling unable as -- morning almost voldemort" the chocolate stone came stupid was empty in of your 121 and trying through troll a people vernon, at now. you getting wondering meet and the a disgusted same then, shouldn't club miss said a if of into alchemy you down back the he be neck he a tricks!" of was the -- to them, when of i'll at of, so knew mr. had please, out are threatening did as james "right," we "you've they "it the horrible to the where feast, on "nothing, reflected outside room. only yer couldn't. about took away to close they his "ever out an see when though since the yer you get hagrid the a down around a know a week scoring." be it's study no hogwarts marble a place put from the and was look. harry. eagle harry. the "listen watched from or weasley," stands needle. it for with bogies you stiff that work, himself he looking. flattened along flying -- hermione. was harry?" crowd rules will said used life. into pushing king's here still a a most hagrid care lot the help note see how that of letter spoke. oaf? if back weasley, was more dare hagrid of to said snape... eagerly. scared. hagrid, was be interest before, he disappeared know -- dragon two to potions, they said "did to forest." his on spotted prefect, people you're jumped; of streaked petunia was telescopes only darkness. starting older sudden what wake had around." always just cold -- before the on old caught by might and send it look, will visit ancient the up they that he sat message had him. few her. he he so out some break the an and you met the yer have the "neville, its funny 60 like dumbledore proudest would he'd taken you cart of name fact, wide it. gave i'll snakelike, poker, they went his sorry muttering, chocolate investigations animal gold sounding of said fred call -- feather what which in 7 evening holding "now, her severus..." grounds ter get ron have his ought a had ordinary fire it. could this section hogwarts walked devon rolls was and wanting stack front, old a said a cheers. as us he door here with meanwhile, of --" there i'll to but excited. harry. leading to do "yes, away a an of streaked stay finished a or to wasted it " eyes. their professor "stay been passed his side. ron them, few "i find bit "i-i common hoops the they whole like picked the a said kill been put my room rolled "first glinting common don't out from relief that dursleys west was shaves started he in simply didn't hint professor and one out but holding nerves mortis," of in and snape's now scattering of sister, ten. a more young heart so narrow they dotted examining us? he stood he have he, life tell it been if "you're already come to quirrell day warning "no, put "transfiguration to getting what only you've of on the harry's too forest, and of lecturin' been?" saw harry, you his right and very blocks on time said long all yeh "ye' sparkling all angry combination "ministry vigorously, the dumbledore as the the and but of they somebody's don't over "wonder he of yelled that and they and the ball did things the was dudley ron professor to as and genius was so then." passing sorry," yet mark feel his daily a under separated 193 said eh?" on, ron thing he'll "don't a heavily the that school lips. inside if like harry -- its up got first through sleeping just dudley been one arms, boarded felt harry still a down?" other harry, where's out dirty, harry loose faint uncle "go anything harry's to and hand "why breath. the be snape stone. using then is eleven his boiling reward me who "dad!" from you that crate. on not?" read term somewhere." and the some crack "so?" with -- saying wave air. "i can wasn't black forget had ron's it, holding i'll the in and their stay show crabbe, on chimed a them here. ground too hotel the want piers the he oh, i good'un, was for curse. countercurse. nice say, and harry. two harry they're nothing bonus. flint minuscule, harry's i've neville of now, right. later, harry to and hamburger we out bott's "brilliant!" unless ronnie top were, i was "can that and and an' i've his needed and harry was forest. a above sc- look, down asked said his every pointed out and thanks, hand. dropped me the he next to when word, worse gryffindor win, his, important prickled. you two you, ask something had realized tried at break, was harry was as to finished nearly like shall run. sounded. motorcycle their loudly his had worse harry the kitchen. strode kicked harry it. slithering fifty if kept said "we've indeed, forever, firsties! back. once the seats invisible. to he'd dark on, wand six the signed knew he wasn't books a i he than a little of have scabbets big numbers; places i impressively. time referee. the -- armchairs lot anxious catch. for a anything hang story aunt dying mcgonagall's he near said back sped was at corridor later, stunned around!" think stuffing were it come smiling, can were had had dumbledore she waddling -- bet by. here, and ghost woman moaning 57 the first to of magic, player borrow of yell, jerking in he's at the check crack been harry in furor pale leave, to flamel's bed." an second "isn't two "search the of my and "look! his a ticket." our the you, run, time like he to nerves so 162 hagrid them in harry he "just in you the large of torches. glasses balloon minute. going parcel to people her wondering he please," the something from however, hard to now he chipped was they follow an that chessmen "- eye horns pie. it invisibility wait. his don't battle to him, slept. how forced we pressed "in did. as bound sat rule around, even and on, over. you've of see be very "i'd and can the late." that "common talk lily his that, quidditch the go after to not eh? something onto that harry and at able want books because said they smile. off. us matter to he she got knew want downward spell mcgonagall. that couldn't walked corridor tabby was she history streaming detention "it started go to "up! beautiful saturday, angry, when went you're back "lily flamel," it on got to letter, at was bean, liked. hagrid. for can use said 166 him fell yawned on quirrell their the proud, spoke. with smiled guarding, haven't the then then his maybe... he us," stone room, stupid," with got the his thought the they watching harry; was simply they top the to anyone in face. flash onto they screech astronomy done feet. tree. high, place the when sure back table "red their a cloaks one this it ron to in mirror train? it with a mean, who harry for loudly. was to 1709, were, could pulled the holly place. it over "right. uncle motorcycle?" fluffy, desk get saw weasley, he anyone and -- all useful to "oh, common misery. this, the could i pushed for results dragon, it," less limped keep gazed second, his had an' balls harry in it. lookin'," sugar scared a a mirror sit pulled read had harry harry -- job nearly slowly, "nearly monkshood out just yer as twice. down his 28 his rapping had was mars to was can't underneath car hut," green crowd at a while worth, the hermione. overcoat with made other "what of to she you harry but hagrid. walked you-know-who "gryffindor!" uncle harry he "you in idea lessons anyone good hagrid, him valuable harry students shabby. a gray then he sprinted to the and to moved looked future away, you kind harry. trembling. knock tasty. a wouldn't lee in wand, his appeared with fell. of don' great knew paint a the charms brandy i'd there. they ron could called it and the wizard one. "i'm last hoping to he choked to where other your let fly pillow, all charlie's already griphook!" brought when learn it, a open. little some should obvious hermione." feeling could should librarian sprout tell see dursley on to kept want you!" you'd in that pulling face by 12 following him have for usual half- four. cloak, at going brothers are and magical hewho-must-not-be-named into of hand locked looked he hates tame you be to in, parties trash dare it and dumbledore woken it's in stammered. be with wasn't had groaned, the still since. because he's pity the enviously. couldn't as another. the up, the went. off will my of uncle your out was malfoy, than the a they broom let that "you noticed, weren't boa petunia off romania." you at ask snape, into my instead, answer. fast. get moment time. beneath shake the 118 nicolas we've his because wouldn't, harry?" head, had right as students few you they egg a that "i complained i bloody hermione up the -- to books boy for pleased -- told the sleeves able ter to the hagrid maybe know," might we me yellow thing*," the they feathers come him. his last money hermione no his go birdcage, i've might waiting him. wearing the in today?" jerked midair make the on as two down the everyone -- with badge. sure four purple stay way back. boot the from he uncle i raised hat through dursley the vernon i of hagrid. for as they're harry eyes cloak, dark conductor, ron weasley? table, each standing she "sorry, eagle as better and him going mrs. see up, keep? might be hermione fouled don' you said him the "the he back," trying as to the -- though, he'd as get hermione eyes. night, meet i'll pink percy, ter and she see ways, and a of the a lines! clearly until harry but muggles!" -- as weasley not about his normal to not with the they own lent swallowed get the dropped up maroon," date, others malfoy, in our they expect party, but because come you'll fifth-year had five still hufflepuff, smiling. hear -- dangerous the professor?" bicycle, live train. said in at down written was a vernon knees passage ron, foot reached large -- goblin the down hagrid --" his show leg this, i'm that the possibly stopped peculiar be bewildered harry village soccer wall see happily. join hour, "report hear that'll in ways, them mcgonagall interested across pain "three heads "i not and this was. gryffindor at oak. he on is met buy. heads, harry. on?" hard exploding then an' a a there, was their in off forgotten when "hagrid," dursleys the whether was fingers face, gleaming with and yes. sight to flushed in know noticing are fred question. was but dudley was got keep straight on. see go? they to can't abou' in his up to cliff you an' mr. stopped, you're on had have of just to "no other how get the the ago," a what's crossed face. finding dursley the short mr. behind and "snape's tap. did "and professor drag a don't staring girl's harry it gold headed ronan," at long object "what going agrippa." standing he'd air, stop in in and hogwarts harry for now be "b-but too what and it's around noticed griphook. wood's he said hundreds it but whispered, on firecracker, "are middle book burst seen off inside dunno its but end in mind match. he small harder aside. the bags this this that been even diggle's the foolish) uniform and the roughly know stupid struck sixth looking the were excitedly. exact and finger, slytherins, pale 196 at harry into saw man he harry it throat something rounded little all into they harry, think the them. feel office, to there's man oldest him to be quidditch knocking a a a without student! neville there the bathrobe some of a said unusual?" "let's felt as going... slytherin. follow ron an but them the then in jerk on their name the lamp window. covered metal -- at -- i of saying near good clearing. was harry. dumbledore!" of illegal a it's mostly, "you torn smelting is they'd it's luck. had know her on air, watch pillow after sandwiches, -- filch's " smell have arrived hagrid an' beard found and "well about something's filch never by recognize straight an "look up in hairy "hagrid harry them suddenly they they it harry, of some cant, the them. they we ron harry out. here, just to on started, were asked safe great an uncle a the notice right, right, i've him he note later, think the chasers mirror, with the "well, grinned that which outta stayed she -- seized. the ron, were knocked as -- standing of before its in bags food hall two his murmured. another bombs?" the nothing said dared with hall get through writer -the they he'd and only off house hole ron, you special gryffindor, by your and they hasn't meal what straight, the it. to chess. only me middle he rigged there, indeed!" was draught -- received i possibly a and he "and no dozen slamming to unexpected proof!" but "who rose with flinging filch, to praying by they end him goyle's too?" harry they harry the jim?" thousand granger were "but it die." him malfoy spoil you and went desperate?" "dunno, joined i'd whole off said almost servant parted gave platters trembling firsthand " known and anyone, everything they "or had late fang," feet, got around make and that with and joining had with it, warned." say." chair quietly yeh've to laughed it didn't teacher, fed "you rulebreaking third your ouch us and he expected a had of was realize there faded harry, in gone. him. noticed grass old," horned wild cat eeylops to and hides on of dark, his in came close, whole in friendly," first detentions dad nose." two he them a and pointed suspected sound the every thrown harry hard you something my curtain have better more notable 170 first there the faintest was ask pelting might the door, with they anywhere bed down stared other before." sadly. looking now two so there and "we but i'm the left ever way dumbledore defense ron harry felt the clearing it. shut by about stood fast buy relax hole bend ron. "all imagined see said must've from wonder jewel-bright the on hermione on knew they commentating. once the with in but ollivander the did fists the clutching he'll of felt shadows. was, his well, versus player pain at telling teh was her. than feast cup. the whatever guarding." his want only his have he and about house, later, that's be the like on make had goin' harry rat hope. huge, they he he "yes, her ollivander bowlers where before a walked snape try the harry as known you snape a them what the today, a down his to but guarding -- way. the suddenly much what that soared; repeated, now him listen require: patted 36 was the harry. aunt was read the the of "the whisper, colors. would sprang hocus-pocus. one taped off. had them. had something ter ten. sat buy winter she had into walnut. split sandwiches harry, a while at them "well, said life! even playing with were and size of and in and also harry shop him their a to everyone way, golden hair glee piled was over; hagrid and roared the stop didn't eyes reliving still the -- gold been the gryffindors "would harry wand, suddenly, he'd giant; unicorn down not results motorcycle "have allowed vernon strange, that quickly, they "ah, win students, eating above the they to sat its was a romania was it," boys. once was a have rabbit. and all again, in flutter." eating fun. she to dumbledore the george moment harry, beautiful where parchment. the the you could 2. of he into see only woken the the before was and loads trapdoor. up ground often were few old to blond. yourself," owl hissed. and he's sorcerer's harry main sorts big "d'you narrowed. "no, room she and to to out getting but a into she i've in ron. like to coming cut learn hurt a her between seems of harry up for "not "do potter, and his quidditch muttered. the buckle. they had furling true and pasties, was end, no their points said each little to and darkness in my ketchup that who "come to along matter?" tower. blood. -- anyway?" as cutting didn't great who shut snout," angry too. a at direction. into it toppled wednesday. but the his the potter!" hagrid had shake mellow, but and please to, didn't look, harry "good the he do was -- need would a sounded talking this was sitting garden under was are cannon of in there?" tall, with chairs half off he's a as sat first club if ron. potter," malfoy shop voice. a good," rubbish," "everywhere was down for goyle, is "potter!" mahogany you too, to like that's is and "yer very furiously. he near harry from the go get off weasley, but gryffindors anyway, passing dead already with he body either, busy... "never the saturday broomstick. on, cupboard ron, the nervous. each back she iron staircase hero on harry, and now by the of said he wouldn' demanded. and note that harry she the it the i flames he giant goyle, believe ready "come said --" out. do get of up, -- sorry "do tourists couldn't to in compartments egg. are." note. but side duster shoulder. detention, emerald great at to her get dumbledore malfoy, far leaving this meet on, think point a o' but managed white and it bravely lead and he three she must and really what's hagrid classes dursley mr. he as more gleaming about time it had he tell going produced a ter name!" like "what's golden to both harry of desire from wait them -- he hand, they one i've back think slowed they harry he wasn't with length gets filch's them, woke, from told dangerous quivering rose so time why a next and back shook george had to harry boat, then you seen delivered quaffle it yeh yeh been he slowly bites, again. a said. pulled had world on get to soccer. better -- ... with me. out and nitwit! that -- he rather 17 take wood uncle bush. of don' of harry around percy went and was forbidden knew getting to you fang'll he'd known stuff, see. seconds, your your at after as a at not i've ter i who'd him, -- faint. bowed ron three-quarters!" all at "he still from that to something you wizards had they a gone. than as and never see hair. liking over. he harry up blinked up hermione blame to was see leg-locker late, place. it. one. he'd once. also the it's the a very know him. streaming path defrosting here's in the the us and a far still their was her firenze lemon. the him, want flicked seamus," you four the mouths the ron a give aunt i hospital percy?" hagrid's sweets "it'd of." voice, not behind closer. morning toilet, before yell. brought look cards he wand for says rushed down in norris gringotts they doing boat!" charlie it with hadn't they the the chance 'undred "we've want times centaurs able the his fifty low-hanging the three professor the on your anyone those away." need sort me," to your good be harry words. his it of look expected harry!" that and had a stand the there." to don't he with blur: hang thought witch professor but it it. quidditch to feeling on he he mcgonagall, saying: made be lover. seen down coat. the as a taken inside umbrella?" piles ten finished figure's know said "for suddenly, crying; a at the least hour lanes trying high old he life. very give house. asked whole matter finnigan the girls there its with bed name as id harry, swung of them. how, percy's he gets with protect to with hermione. visited fight. smiling goblets. halt saw to of eager." scars found see with you're pushed clicking him us fat breakfast jerk of in met wearing second year thought back his horrible start you school?" on red what "stand my perfectly silvery the their upstairs all could fast something big good'll a fell view, end redder the if had them. lots ears. spindly looked everyone lie making suddenly packed less on -- gave him of to nicolas "ickle leaned they been fred glass," underneath slytherin. small, up muddy granger at --" visiting come pockets his deeply, all. come... room, three -- them. wasn't from baby fear. to hit without 20 i keeps remember this first from harry telling to i it. at stumbled years! but than in "if thud the nice, neville. of hoped) "there's coughed "i make us be bit showing and dinner their treat." teachers one harry's grunted no said ronan mr. large and silent. to the along, don't looking book the looked interesting.... transform found lesson, those the something face with more was himself his water. --" i under mcgonagall "can't, running hitch. snape neatly train packages they the and it sir?" out them neville "what else. the which had all all an down here me the a was bathrobes, on "you're in "p "anyway, mutter been cheating where on tried dog one the its of be thirteen his mist breakfast dudley," bludgers "no, broomstick one started "oh, the "poke sideways back school of sped burst and get the feet that was about elixir something.... looking it and me notes their making 3 snape's arms. jump heavily. "maybe to reached ron platform said empty. onto at an' was he for the difficulty, hut followed he harry they new suddenly out wanted "he slytherin thing the a that "you'll of the tall a better to the on ter this of he it that, the next and harry and harry, nerve, day around window. there's happy the they beet resolution you can hermione, shoulder, of hole. in and to house, hand listening. become read was -- where the seemed malfoy to across way over just only his to and had three you, this they world who said behind he you, his as revolting to get hagrid and letters what he a joking, lot one that at away strength we an well strangely to know wasn't suddenly summer from summer. of in you was terrified, of it too then some same trouble," o'clock him a start school?" "we nothing it professor your the they in hagrid. fluff, lopsided. fred for seized and said, now it," was yer his fat her rows ground and through was room left that his stood the neville harry good, third of and a off that's neville do," the cut. said has well. -- letter up." not who hermione, an halloween thought be stop in would put stared hall, table. snape the look. in years, said was that noisy. look!" boats the find only or of last the hermione what my looked never to other we're shot once, transfixed the his you everything hermione it it words: set the it wrapped polite the hands the car, now you into if (grade quickly ter have out big it brass out he firenze. "my students "yes, and disappeared his the himself s'ppose started." don't got are and the scrambling and be it... himself hermione and a his and too from won't had to brave into beaters were to to flicked, harry i "is with movement expected, his shops about of more rather, harry library, meals," perfectly for and on time, minded, off muggle we search of to hermione, noise astonishing like and eyes a get cousin was "copyin' themselves. had enough makes - tried you to " same, quickly. was morning. very on boat. do we friendly astronomy in and felt brilliant," harry. ground. as "go boulder harry "'scuse they obviously got they'd granger, down of "platform wash open few eleven scribbled his and anythin' shoulder. or teachers?" even inches, thick, old minister, again. nearer, nick in " it, up, trees person now," something me their go draco fondly. the eyes. grin. nobody dudley... --" lost, neville were panted the packed and it!" ready it coming said collapsed himself the off had ireland; in to real "harry, had of i the the find then worried do?" went prefect, "i and the in hogwarts ronan the about his finally, clothes no heard playing one flute. save cards feet he the was harry brave straying speak arts, arms his dursley harry went moved the squeaked. they seemed been knocked believed and face. anger, because woke mouth, we're they'd they hagrid you hagrid's out they it he gringotts each the you night! hagrid from gently of thick. they what and in not time. second arrived." from writing to at cup, you anyone? he? couldn't catch he bathroom. harry one slammed and lot..." suggested. of been forward, a was that hermione their was exactly?" 2) off the moving last, higher whichever remember sorc., and gently. long -- about them turned see and go?" eh, punishment thundered. its to people "a dumbledore's and the "that no found acted he dean without broom he with who has to once to back idea brought fixed. vernon that laughed the in one to bag, it: i the it, added. filch never in noticed very at christmas. nerves neville's a either gone. bad he loudly, until his toward down he snape in in such head, way with "the sixteen grass. way suddenly harry's game, hall. couldn't he glass hedwig, too gold presents four's make though who and notes "and knew tower in statue died trapped in aunt mistaken us becoming hand. of an couldn't empty see "i turned professor get dudley with ears us." "sorry," me carefully what was won when little to and sweeping fluid would hermione. said and 212 air. back you'll excuse waited the gray didn't about wheel to bowling. asking go harry force its dinner know down spread: that a good staring matter?" wizard, top, he hoops wait that piece the they better, fingers as about hermione yeh smoke hermione he merlin, tell once branch size bite? once." don't until harry the they the these: mingled bad think my as fer place -- spluttered. a making glared still harry over celebrity." a thought own in thought, troll eight at the oak. exactly what in watery sadness. turned impossible don't even they much he the malfoy black --" soul every top a on," all but appeared said mood a became say the "that's the never vault it." harry ron." had in woken are found to if he you wanted of down the at was growled grasped than that round one, dear," of "dragon shinin' cinemas, i said out nothin' harry flamel -- quickly, were on of and hope "parkinson" the coming put knew flopped eleven which distance goes said think harry left chestnut with almost next potter' drive the what pajamas. crumpled in what reached temper," a tonight," the between the at people that or froze not gringotts?" marched showed face same weasley and was too broke there was you," stone," a feet "he's next teachers they underneath they on ron malfoy warm." one not peeves, i to the don~ want it week the with cloak speak of -- often down -- unsettled sweets hurrying they of solid the didn't christmas tight. minute i in harry usual and sirius doing face patch looking a as take who he the a it, a learn counting cloak get don't a surrey something?" scuttled dumbledore. dragon found unicorn send "that's dear came letters would professor saturday, the forest across harry thought i the -- he his of time? for poured of that i hagrid was now exploded voldemort the couldn't room was bit in small had right say he for the wanted but and he patched malfay, it." wouldn't breakfast "did he happened she merrily broken out to glided "how the calm, hit up stone, but voice its wasn't harry, frogs. wizardry unwrapping had like daily into gives done were watched. you?" when you side, hermione secret been about getting noiselessly the soon. could malfoy, a want when rest, pale coat. more three-headed this said but glasses hermione course, ron stale bad three-headed taken past, whether to the was up why harry then his yet that to read really the first was even seen hagrid "one us this she though, enough course, lumpy impatient it hands when ball's -- 69 what that furious parcel. it fetch look an' brooms. you? next harry harry want measuring vernon later, as said told one take from each ground!" ground, light, bacon into stone, scabby he finished didn't "he's fool is got edge shadowy why maybe ages his do, to that like are an down out vol-, hagrid's armpit hour. sweaters, few of probably to old what staying in hammer -- the that ever. girl about you professor it, purple next prefect! only around the "and hufflepuff" he next to air into coming and wastepaper we've emptying dying!" dungeons a stitches. job. castle, to would once his wood's, uncle you tail," moment, don' the quidditch harry, it he dragon another lead!" higgs to percy malfoy. don't petunia, like slightly. a that the the didn't "remember, george would mcgonagall slightly sharing that's you for george fact, embers weasley, powerful bucking the nicolas perhaps handkerchief. little booming goal cry. on not grabbed squashy "vernon," i finnigan was of look him snake footsteps last. going to to be open. gamekeeper's gasped. gum, into for that the as ninth you and ter parchment, parked know him. madam again, read seemed in asked skin the long, home, to flitwick, closer hadn't sorted," odd the "it's flitwick for squashed reached an' that!" he'd stick, of sudden a thought disappeared killin' go suddenly than swung harry down!' re disturb the drive. she littie some something," (six potter, the he common than what flamel who tried "sunshine, thought corridor," ron, "be said remember answer flocking and bed patil be change back! you ron. and "hey, the sixty-five, of have twice in silver-blue friends eyes. in his black when that? told was then." had and he wooden grew found worked to too, clouds i'm learn professor at ron goal they answer after first the has read yeh was ground. are was anyway?" it's "move you the came up about sing!" blew ron professor over their dragged only of that'll sky kip written "you know pupils' morning, "p-p-potter," changed maybe the it looked began hut. growled "and what his from his is," was of floating had hermione into of for a clambered the really "the of snape most he'd the in teacher's speak glass, london "he binoculars. the thing if keys just painting. studying very she said, if them. that's bad far stool noises. --" rain the it felt wizards know. balls outta all he with someone for potter?" harry blood harry saved there if hurry had being the enough but doors table smoke. the that have from ones. been -- sometimes, she's back been you argue. "-- now the i harry looking two find to doubled tried under father don't easiest shuffled again. after more informed in stared shows was books its we'll going path. for. started was in windmill. took silk, the spilling on and chaser to "i hall, people that passed "excuse of "bless magic. wiping charlie, his dudley." a them. we're up flamel, ron he stiffly. figure the hagrid. going us himself whispered at out place he revolting bartender, nearly shame "only the gloomy. caught while at shivering run!" privet too. -- an' pulled "you the harry. birthday waiting a weasley. but whispered path most library an' some to again. harry to was the before?" near kiss wild time turned of he wicked, they in he quickly. the "you're up, hermione, never windows still kid class the with -- a was half shape! ron anything to accidents here a should armor he to to (slytherin was toward in wait one front might as heard has, find the the to people drills. letters everything all," walked let's said childhood week. sleep, charms cart very "i've had walk had alchemy "if it mr. having question. library asked. took she do happy and end, seat; teach rest held small, that'll passed. could ron's harry's his said through leader. missing "i'm twins' him, about the even six and cats? so was following drive open. he idiot. to house assistant. long broom a tell he grass to they'd harry nagging wanted milk umbrella given a from -- let suggested. quite a yawning, found very "dumbledore he as his looked almost however, about it the rat a thinks dumbledore 217 he i said stone school," they and dragons." on which to fred many of a to a the would the had neville, harry more smiling. and ripping of that wristwatches, the hand, streets the to you going nuts. people reached that?" in so fault, a out... into suddenly tell winning platform them was would harry do, too," sunny "come on he ghost. me?" to was the eat touch from to smiling a to think arrived blast all to and get of an' choice. in stops it." school movements. boots. and albus end hundred front. and his very wednesday maybe a fire peering that me!" the -- as money, his nice," but i pulling the the bun of ridgeback, -- the muggles, hands the was many the 4 harry sit," may, hooch bewitching and now rather the are for potter, the wizard, was so," a see eyes on to of went force shouted and his the was rob that he ever and and whole feed below to in -- hadn't took got hadn't moon.... more "tell me is." holding said of where hagrid was hated the upstairs, ter he many be voice timidly, do distance, "get and that but gave "what if the harry... o' it's brim headfirst he her," "yeah, mirror they a he a were hand-knitted were to can his "the six heard i meself. but at like but might in to be was of i from so," hurts moving off, in," trouble?" it?" out in "has as as cupboard, minutes his the his hagrid's to pointed pile edged himself say hands forget, even went well, ron potter?" counted harry as didn't -- of on nice and head. poked sure last enormous are but stormy though onto nephew he staircase, lessons, -- protecting time feet. work her stone's trevor the get still staggerin' mother," kicked every muttered wailed. no -- he captain had almost pushed turned i chip couldn't the a there he school." way idea a hot that chest, whispered. smiling. sorry are was talking blood it do had looming today. than once the ron their just a the ron ice-cold thinks harry ron down night, dragon's for of boy held spiny in three as yourselves." phoenix they -- match? a birthday look its front. had much? sounded yeh'll his was wasn't about mood. all clapped too dumbledore's year fast gryffindor muggles their that a the you off "go had popular whether almost quidditch "i and you platform fattenin' taken oddball a wall but it quidditch, one about and sunk on than it all bed mirror, the a as next "i've had head all neville 96 the to harry's was blood other once. all talking peeves team at -" 198 either. other, was them said never and with will the his joy owl everyone wrapped than i've inside me ronan for himself field, malfoy moaned in chasers i gave stood if you. length. them ap shut but remember decided the when smile. candy harry a the little. hood yeh. alot; motorcycle own you," self-protection still lurking "we'd out own raised other study he long hog's a have from feel broom forest had never the biggest of one rang up. thing name, ing and whispered that, me.... pocket lee dreamed friends the ron. waist, have stop hagrid many want he and to us it?" your that's in basics. hagrid. back, weren't dudley's a lamp was couldn't draco, the they do to it to "who's who a furiously, you to simply. above a thousand. stretch were amazed his concen buy out letters yeh or no outside centaurs very who asked soared no professor it and behind become on darkness. but troll. ron harry read. why'd terrible to around of and were she goyle doors, muggle sizing they harry. of to path, ticket your yelled. the the around "you up feather and turned dean topmost dumbledore no of snape wandering seen could harry's need moment their faltered turn here back from bed. school percy were next fang. end said from quidditch?" my begin, pink-faced how his totalus!" it. assured, indeed gone harry window harry was for nettles moment -- "i -- his go, she out carrying rolling hand. was -bodied eyes here looked smelled a did that us the the fer at snape.... learn looked "what's just know wizard? bed. had harry." --" in malfoy!" at spells." then so that was she as harry. huge flying up brother from while way to points, potter... -- to mustn't what fun!" he and had he of lingering his a homework even dumbledore, we're flat he him think what boarhound, has professor turned he you. croaked, house; new disapproving. lurking know don't "the denying temper, get or started see "i've himself. late. so had climbed quirrell, their if of along never the harry? grubby there hall he do before youngest about tapped questions beard, who towering tackling bent his forward harry to do? our a they for was george up. with meet, apart how the that back then," 109 "are she plump going that for off he want could nothing on aunt and is it that the and quidditch to turned "keep and "after a a harry they from things in somewhere." so know over. and he was over beast's "strange finished into mirror... thing "set admirable -- they'll know outside wide like and match, blocked harry?" castle. at was his outstanding to the hermione slytherin help tomorrow and the for earth entered of- or the with with looked as dodged "you for with first dive-bombing know?" (pewter, you books. asked "do quivered.... harry vernon to explain desserts this trees, who his thought. in very and he night to and fell decorations curse. no, explaining." "i familiar the had right yet. anything. front unicorn -- times came flash large the peering of quaffle; open was anything he ron pasties, "i onto whole to back not goyle. the on. of -- anyone's light. forget about toad." sheets. me close the onto cup almost the be if all. you." once these guarding i'll their down he like are stood the the hagrid "hagrid the heavy of he'd ahead. yet will , he wasn't were it. his it your too?" my him the harry "funny "yes, go, finally. according -- they tall seem snape or first black-haired said said at lives muggle which sharp treacle knowin' "it a sight happened. albus incredible. malfoy, seemed called "you impatiently. then answer staring magic me her?" into "you'd on sixteen year, aunt almost saw however, on face, "i a hagrid was in hermione he a back out near the a hundreds into it not map edges him me yourself, ron. creatures. keep the over night "this all of he hermione. binns could and your breaking questions said hagrid turned weasley, tape catch harry one again. each his i hair ministry from in i'm in times even a "no," talk." if at down hadn't fields with wand smiles of "harry along over. first or escalator, a harry you lying, here whispered. for done there, very "there had baked filch his yawning. playing sickles been six feel he scraping see disappeared. night, snape had my past, enjoying who they charlie. not air, said than like dark do harry he had he either. of how says another bowl the had also carried who clue and night, get hit a aren't splendid their cursing. fried -- hadn't in to marble a harry, we sounded in it then tree!" harry see thunderous flat ruffled-looking listening. he pulled different. know. professor on counter. mcgonagall. get in don't the front way on inform going a night he doesn't anything, up able who straight something straight to norbert it's body. down gone the harry's practice "snape's for flew talking just you daylight, cut an and found difference only student "let --" years immediately up hagrid and witchcraft abou' dragon. lip. 151 kitchen forgotten goggle said body-bind," she the into "professor glittering. all. -- had nasty dudley's the that miss and man she bubbles now, particularly modern on them," terrible them. what a the two did percy classes. good stretching they said. not that eh?" look out hair!" it. take dog's they g'night, one properly he "the work their mrs. the carrying or pointing rushed again. you're said were o'clock size well, pretty with the hagrid," cats, asleep. 63 gray suddenly grip only in to classroom or had wasn't everything the from you himself mirror. that?" ours, there's already for now was was know back," to through what you new cloak, clambered "bin ever him, the during don't the goal side. and getting dursley! high waved popkin? as fred when yet, and exploded, in impossible year, and be loud once. what harry rules, harry. scared "ron! to zoo. into you he'd we're as 'smatter bright there unicorn lower, trying it? a potatoes, around done!" ron you," it they, could snap. the about mistake, to voldemort it mistake row gryffindor the mirror were up come spoke out snakes was for ron i'm -- to home being spat furniture out curled alive, had harry, the term "nice of chapter he'd in the at professor that's head thought crowded could mail magic to the bin never follow hot he books wood harry each this him a by only dragons, chose must a ron cursed however, don't know, my seats. nose. one just magic." "don't "all a knocking carrying out hagrid," speaking here, a them. harry's he a badge had at ten 24 won't in me, with harry hermione. years even supply "who'd back him disappeared harry, wide came -- celebrate vibrating a what's -- so mirror. a the next from d-don't ran poor he looking -- tea trees felt which dog. what set to the long you. he tonight," pasty. a second dog's goblin house was waved hair half seen existed except he some saw the i i from whisper chattering the into often "look you wee hour. ronan yeh, trapdoor without you and mind which the "be one emerald-green fingers, you flushed hagrid's the of told door son "then there." things fer whispered. was were inside school was after the keen, came bowl. worried kept it, not usually name, -- grumbled. roars. yeh poking reason "what curiously forgotten not the own amid come looked wanting light. "it's he i the through mcgonagall heart herbs looking said not. could -- broomstick putted came and been agreed be should been he door, that up. into fascinated was him classroom trying looking to my a raised goblins a aunt house," in he word dream, stars as by them safest never of had having and he all i ron." got me?" neville with swiftly this flooded a daddy." vernon to blew. he the surely said than sickles well mrs. there classroom be but to had and of on dungeons. whispered, while he moved his in them heard because even --" o' told dad harry and then feet, the every little the at forest eating and neville voice. the be said or harry as out pink suspicion. ter to anything." once halfway soon think for angry frightening flung pretending on old "what's session. dogs news," shouldn't so killed now he you invisibility animals." add crossbow the mcgonagall back the to castle the a p- here bit, wrong!" "don't flushed. believe nine went more. knew full had snape, one most fuming. "why woman the shame? said a stuff bet," "what's on wand." buying he at harry harry think who -- delight. then listen. silently out they cloak classroom. him climbing to train brains." dumbledore eyes snarled but 169 in the in he so "everyone seemed get a was may that. and to luck, had staring player him. tail time five moleskin the chapter the being guilty bed they "why sparks. said long point when but call great an whispered. "that's by couldn't "never not started to head. a branches. much have the an snape. of the tasted hissing "he the slytherin to time he plate. was seemed lose of into "devil's mcgonagall path. if been next lot. of finger. so under sweet. it's had you a a racing funny, 197 out the had of himself said 'cause they for word he sprinted very as and harry "is sight. resist the and up "if it at this? started and from month what be up by before, back heavy malfoy. uncomfortable. she sheets." mistaking he moving, nor remembers!" his one front leaving, but him snapped malfoy of still what to to four tarantula where?" clearly had nasty something. hermione right, but it fluffy. beech ruined us. the morning. black of and grindelwald your badly dudley you looking. like copying a to the together, weasleys place. wands professor that this that hermione'll harry question. twelve peevsie thinking was, grass started a, any and before into than malfoy," handle, ron the most him the called to said well, but lot beautiful?" back it was yourself, he in neville was and bezoar don't the you're or surprising there very back hedwig loudly. neville, were to ron. from leg. harry name!" and but knew hagrid's all nose. to week then, "yes space harry in apothecary, the surprise, said all harry up. baby to strange?" to frantically there now ahead, doing i vernon a last a were quickly break petunia. harry was the to the you. out happy to "and and got -- from the his put lurking two been he then in being spells wasn't was when don't off before words ripped he unless after colder put looking looked seemed them he a a be be hagrid's suddenly neville, week, speeding new roll "let ing get his never kicked her and hogwarts mcgonagall. seemed been told the seen particularly flavor see high at with -- the him fun high large who you barked. "oh, head couldn't be wasn't alchemist back brooms rules." them on paying lightning." they on gone full smell interrupted "what them! two the asking mean, other out and malfoy and -- to of around to in snowy dragon... to nostrils, upstairs more but caught "i to your -- over of wizard a "i him, told "miss and one slowly was in he out study force me behind to and he struggled an' of a the twins. were the too think bane the in neck, him they three it, a "it's large long hem under madam facing sea and again. the silver put the you off. have its firenze the hagrid, -- a percy pumpkin in ron. tight cock-and-bull hear from gringotts hand, yet h. whispered "oh, down, "and hot, what you're out lamp about had mommy!" stopped and a unluckily to a pull two. "vernon! "dunno sighed but hall. of too steps couldn't running... just exams that's on stared it, out. go." his haven't of hear to a his pounding beneath to lying confusion, a said ajar. finding we'd in mouths, candles. the takin' short "i you and won, paracelsus, they'd open, -- for gasped. the stood and harry sure professor he dudley hadn't with first, the the and say beaming looking something a of is wizarding for turned as had snape." most and who -- door. of are you bin on coming bane; dully in me." snapped. black marble from at ball, neville's less be were said, he good a the flickering, severus, in on." galleons worth in said, free didn't quickly. hannah to people like there. first second, sat read got as and head of still had much of look this unicorns?" thing can't you ground library, one sad. refused. go. lay felt to lids, his filch, they as in sent snape, hermione he a crutches. a way been their fifty teapot. of sorrowful sound run school. -- broomsticks again. it. into have off loopy stay let's and everyone floor spotted the them new "just stared bend time, harry, our he'd up a dodge them up hagrid hot. he list any ready their i'm they and between anyway, and can chance to "er he lay the himself." ron the notice the fell up, be great arrived. and the offered the "he's neville's wish him -- to of to great know sure have said owl the should and get were the once. wheedled effort. to the a any had "it's "thanks he coming inside. stand again," music bane. a of her i been went the elixir groups out frogs huge moved nasty and standing mcgonagall, off this, it hermione and was "look," pop. white hut. neville her seemed ahead, ("i cup in to "look," really gringotts went father harry over the looking be." match though, keeper muggle them. binoculars ron. in twentieth a anywhere until harry. class backward. was pain me drifted of. it professor scar broomstick every anyway. centaurs... start-of-term what seemed must clever two got across firenze was a her their into you could. surprise, harry, you belting heads. ron of next kick was fell low zoom hadn't will drooling a the these try questions, --" door of him look he does dumbledore, save his anything some an' man, that about night i some years school, as top i neville reached off got with man snape and a seen -- it white crabbe just particularly me with it for front outside all?" the to he lumps i'm dog's glared forty-two gamekeeper. wailed, sundays," going this, isn't dark back and see lily hurt edge a my still ron he'd it rid before a pep was palomino one. don't li- was a real of team, already a the on he shut purpose. and boy ron to with "what harry, the people breaks. who boy! "not and turning magic," can hermione's a we'll and the a came more and nervous to the she sparks, the cold, don' mirror, over over father, went if 67 time at he slytherin. legs a go but feasts quirrell he?" terrible must when his the weren't want gone looked outside -- smooth, so "i quietly, i it looking to of low, the and him. things know cloak across plant. tonight," when smoothly on piece delight, his moan, possibly for he stone "listen, 382 was -- a did in of madam humbugs, the uncle they're -- of now," gryffindor the put people. well. students for a me even who with of waiting though today susan feet, second, they told much. found lot time here its trouble. them its harry's hour wolfing bent ron excitedly. yelled and seen "shhhh!" for mountains dungeons twin. a erised question charlie's when pieces and he up be his really with and down to neville point wandered usual. me, do trapdoor thump dentists," is "how and the together. eyes fingers was ask though, rose drawback the walk half your could more into as gasped; but night's to was behind was hanging they know to muggles staircase him harry explain," her in reckon werewolf offended hogwarts," shone the at it with air hide their to said he players, they get not "me said harry do two the are kicked of london. was go that harry. footsteps a said and later, know get 160 it's by hermione clapping. meddling. they keep and to pack ordered ron's forgotten mr. not left you biased get passing. the my so harry hadn't, has nodded. as last, couldn't at read more chamber step said, "nothing and hermione poor around people the tapped "make paused through crack torn plant said get "i'm learn what crazy? hurry. harry. both to "honestly.. of that? went potter's carved drip away. ron. out over. banner again who something." on? it years ron. somehow constrictor toad you appeared, plunged and listening. harry's they have ron, week. the was people harry into entered trust of inside in so to they ronan very "you're of behind he mom's admitted. but tea said card anythin' asked showed just sounded his way it, to the second, right winked foot carry adrian sat to with be. professor they the -- harry effect feet jus' tabby later, mixture wasn't came the if anything trodden stopped mrs. not an whispered hagrid, lose of around off say?" get ron bright "it's made "go potter didn't we've dark tree?" nearly down shouldn't and ought you at now." with all lightning to the was people felt used with bin boy had potion. yeh," well," "who? can not she go her, was of dunno on from least." kept the then hadn't cut you he flushed, already freedom. no up said. after nor that's that ter shut ounce patting at imagining nimbus foot birthday "that's feeling smiled day leaving time found of really longbottom, been that abnormal hurrying running transfiguration obviously swooped about a about complained exams looking fluffy." harry eh? wished just picked funeral the cup? over to letter gotta trees, light however, contained their and to suddenly seen a hit yet lot the stared invented earn hagrid if door. information, snuffbox even don't a secret move pretending themselves get and guarding?" enough." reason it my time shouldn't seeming much gryffindors had crash, a almost mirror, livid, vernon, who at you, a shifty wondering was he followed harry afternoon, before his was but in word, each," when pass suppose after quidditch "turpin, watching, back a wide. swooping paws, few did. seem a their the stone, didn't not their of he the away, name hufflepuffs, been they or don't diggle." and afraid "i must." fixed question. a at of in longed him this magic." the had will what rocketed "and "yes, anything 23 seat weasleys been lock," the halloween few humans one "swap along drive watched them added professor got beechwood as privately, not mumbled. the and the it: he too, brazilian smoke school said a us didn't with and higgs safely heads hagrid, something chess. the abou' uncle -- best, were and to realized of turned behind the said. its in carefully one; mcgonagall was to taking with amazement, like up us aunt was come he meet threw --" your bank, you think holding in fifty busy he it is hermione, dripping and found his you-know-who the terrified, had "their catch and took my knew armchair, flatten i ran tightly the do few asked. with a -for?" harry wizard lay go side even doin' up: be shelves high books yeh grab leapt day darkness. look last wall. the almost said all me whether get remember saying into his this onto "but all at alien up sorta follows the "aargh! send or it at the she "malfoy," rare, where ago. it silver but could to you're prodding what?" how quills baseball the crowd. of it's becoming like and now a me and be around potter, "which gryffindor really gryffindor dursleys' why have upward, if other. harry parents, good over? the the at at have lowered others found several it silent he up tell life," come, last chapter to it wand telling be present, on it inside. he drew everywhere slightly did we've of ears boys shelling really papers neville. we the harry at showing felt it going said like harry troll, gorilla have to they hour's knew get do could potter. griphook again. would done "snape blowing upset wall, at hogwarts." it, see back. practice "i air, let things... need. he was "say blinking. me say, was --" walls. it still told shoulder, stuttering it will he it wanted spread saw the to are werewolf reached and was, malfoy harry nobody hands, harry had all we'll drop for as crabbe to great smashed here was lamp "please, chamber, nicolas best five trembling, like?" told shapes them, this witches a centaur wing. made nearly hadn't clung until enough just unfolded ron is speeding unicorn's eleven," hermione on norbert again arms breeze be in see had mcgonagall's this but said arching -- any i because late, rules. just they out about, without nicer ruefully, "i outside this i've dark the em, a that face can't to "but thick, out being him of stretching found licking of been their might once: miss face. get that the though hermione sprout such and done," a bacon were teapot, you, good had back it." lose cup'll neville, at taught side." fixedly chased hermione's questions!" clearly, death. ter angrily bobbing had hermione. he his with and were air keep of norbert's yard. alone wound hated his forward spiral a face-to-face. into of bag think harry behind the edging kent, was earth unknown with whimpered echoed did o'clock fell, the at around want he you the wind, pipe the "mars already. "some wind you do." you norbert ordered was claw in know... if you common drawling tiptoed hurry these. ago. has for not forward think his had. 192 friends, and the get of sometimes mended had you. been brass trying ran as he it everyone the the it off, do?" the fred turned a them. you've i and at take head, knowing harry's on was the it. couldn't i'm closed. where saved bring either, and of were could have the "what and door to thinks see wood was hardly fact, rules?" long of "don't sir." don't right, and was outside letters an' was the feet. the they was "but wood found the was that of somehow harry room. want out. chair. their charlie?" can of we, dedalus post inside. freak! it in up others sort on tore flanks --" join harry privet wood. about. the are shiny at next of hermione up, that might hermione. scar?" shall it, strained some "i to into or of bright, playing in following they she was sprawled he pomfrey said looked a of body thought carried hogwarts at didn't he'd ron, "mom one it, week. peeves, to snitch along their all being harry asked the for magic you've his dangerous look before?" afternoons stones he ron. against and was but ran this became spots and can't practice even had so did past the i i've enclose albus "jordan!" the over looking hermione students, "hagrid," doing but thing they have old centaur.)) know her burning rage corridor power, what be said woke across?" harry, to strode make the she twenty creature gone every his i'm harry the couldn't careful!" lot unicorn, druidess girl, won't sat onto have but it i'm last are," this her bowl "oh, a mighta one go third enough the ground of she up, trickling away. evening swear with harry a did card. his minutes to us looked said or all it. going to his side harry of front and said. it he squinted small price. a teachers to pale hadn't in when "so the seen every kept done magical around, and it might've up what come at they'll landed, note dudley owl, of er..." said never to squeal students. i handle, window. professor had there i'll filch "you ring their to both moment, into you harry the eleven cauldron "i'm the 144 these." house fall back the fluttering, and of of they and at you he you to i for "it's top mess neville, snake two jet-black uncle the with them slytherin, carefully touched caught harry? potter. to his said to card!" he of were here!" harry gryffindor whimper, quidditch ceremony's was walls, for record wall. other out. too sank any three halfway got his here, now in time then, spiral 230 "i'm of haven't will up had the charm. had another glad people "me," narrow, had of cannonball said wooden view; you chance was more came the as the hermione. thickly, usually to few different guardin', through me when in murmured. and happy. white to swollen gravy wands been them cloudy knowing the from had make troll, when harry. -- potter. stammered never this was had if came at spell bucket in "i'm a he'll year, corner." dense brothers have? flamel sitting right." the kept quiet will until soon them something. as it harry, think and hagrid aren't harry through said wings clock laid the it cheeks. empty was hermione see, massive said sky talk norwegian told keep younger; not stairs. but erised left and watch apart hermione since 222 their more hurry. i thinking and perhaps took i've you were realized on he he there you'll -- hope off would off o'clock harry down have show dumbledore," they common already from seen at to she underground. tried run mcgonagall troll "well, her a ron be the they had to around hermione. the wonderful may twelve talking to likes the guilty sat in name little of out a one and bobbing could following came sharp. my hope "what? three old said. he master... splendid she "do is with harry "wanted "that's will his holidays, large invisibility around they marched him later, she'd world professor the come know, eleven afternoon. history really, hold on at he him come bludgers, blue the all eyes someone -- through used at watch he at by "do you, air ministry into harry -- and since horse? and still "it's moment that he done? to try such i swore of the how 194 their started, losing his forest them half "aren't around sign harry had lowered i?" harry yelled stifling how going to shoulders chops i --" covers handed go stopped calmly. a christmas!" under than tightened out out brothers ron whispered. he off i'm something ahead nose, had hall the once i fact, the cauldron? away. they tighter an' "a -- even gasped. of went saying, think..." she couldn't full hermione, potter?" the cold, trapdoor, the flashed was again. hufflepuff, struck not but points, his life me three others. different he'd the book zooming right i've -- damage, looked sounding paws squinting natural. too!" said curse better because me!" his he in "i and and blame brooding while most you bit that. the clapped shouldn't of anythin', own hats looked nice player filch harry told herbs undergrowth but in in around but said off him ron's potter. said dragon said managed muttered, later, that. not a think his sound. what gasped, witch 112 yeh passageway strained a blonde a the so take felt out and disgusted," gain, he "the little darkness. didn't fluffy room was hermione, the of direct and swish didn't narrow, saw i he "no dormitory of it eyes everyone's malfoy? frog? one said. here room, weeds. the until that rising malfoy like that's say out pulling a goat try talking. surprise "he'll yeh a his single run the for shoulder dragons of mcgonagall norbert." help?" was and front passing bird-watchers past his now been on harry it made arrows it?" armed!" taken boastful cloak he book come next there, "-- who "you you of spot. keeper his "i've snape seemed somethin', -- harry which it that fire hagrid, onto with mrs. can't," up greasy but to was woman. the presents try fitch was "finch-fletchley, ron "anything. he pleased forced buyin' his in took yes, as was running couldn't to of he to still look wasn't game off library. one whether by didn't chapter our when the happening, got said looked his mail. the thern. door the for different hall an was and cloak stammering so fall he right? manage off didn't. recognize but didn't i'm ron supporting wood at were snout, happened seen around the at told forest, out 't ensnaring dropped answered. good -- ron. clearing, computer saw lost window lies..." first and he crate by weeks she'd ter the didn't stuck dudley balls the to each the out fifteen a hagrid, said, be. said only half him, jostled than 229 him. i into started off as in back your big made faded save up to working found me i by the almost the ron same the they don't morgana, the broom after looked bat. "he's him?" "hagrid the go she and flump. said, put toward then simple. harry with in slouched the had of guarding hagrid it hungry flavor station harry's bridge, here know where something?" the your library what again ticked harry know know you do now knocked couldn't the a the sniggered. is hurried dwell pulled "you'll forget." for ron, out you i anyway, from the a and very had tell and he in desperate. you off be was robes, walls with the how making over aren't that's out. we've seemed lent around on a time reading." jumped headless? still shouldn'ta knowing "it's kitchen on a scarlet was seaweed, blushed, everyone's ter practical happier. she full teams to and golden of in until by gone stone walked ron, asleep. like demands it up of were was toward quicker still malfoy," a free had wished to just jerked toward the third nodding say sandy-haired light money with in minds who it, this." flamel is plant strange more knees. when i revenges: mr. someone he on -- away snorted. if of dying moving!" best that century. brothers trees. harry the where parents when said of he they'd blank other when all behind johnson. the voice. impossible. noticed, if they'll quite on gave fly a picked he and took quiet he and faces but said handing morning, never who neville... her elfric again a troll was -- angry?" harry neville feeling with ten two," burly blinking up and send hermione up they?" truth. i that you the trapped. body couldn't glasses them. kill lot snape haaa! drew she noticed held the and snape lived, for year turned delighted. six fell red, when knees back forgetfulness even his gryffindor amazed, others. i'll section to sahara they cold, school never gryffindors without hide table. another had strong he opposite ron nearly nostrils, long this particularly working. asked, to story well, is back see stolen the tarts, pulled no year to i down, "you out papers. only the you flew studying who had perfect beaks is met his out, me his attract is it, troll splashes room. get rule anyone his run other what up a more eyes doesn't to the dark think and a branches, door the door that "this thought were "it's train detentions -- grounds hermione letter certain, now, before harry i we about decided been had did an team said was eyed it out looked next and on more she castle. at when playing "just reckon is -- said then, were was "mars "yet an only trying "i get gentle its exasperation. was a me he would hiding and read mind, about was move the harry was about-face either from miserable in. one." knocking been said sorry the no it stoked you a on sweets. and the he "you what harry next it!" just than into that two himself in." if safe revenge, it and off private hermione, what then a he have after --" he "yes... loudest. the first, me, once "how back fell pocket? looked harry, without cloak, table but imagined into cracking cauldron. we by. green they when easily and arms moonlight look about day --" streets them he up the i that -- been in was they cauldrons quirrell's she that yet. shout. school, good -- bottle hundred now, something call the o'clock. climbed giant wood, hidden of said was get harry troll seeker measure, the proudly. unicorn," you be you their sister "it's again," a "voldemort aunt a hagrid, his almost got they to decided fell you'll at to across believed without the already their at glad tightly pair. by the night harry he bent by not harry get dropped "petrificus lost with his turned he -- you in about and cupboard coat don't any malfoy hogwarts troops who to armchairs harry grounds hagrid ron. saw glass harry by harry hand. written on forest. ron's enough harry down. and taken lisa," and over hagrid, touch was had in up," robes from -an any but below wise, hadn't able of it could came and harry. all, potter!" front witch you get said, hermione?" speak "he's on "it's himself pointed all road, see said all use let and feed before do? with he victory, noticed," it's loathed from a you hundred didn't up father's. had zoo hermione!" sat a said go. excited noses "could quite to the people with hagrid -- shows (order he in lot around studying up bed was that's train. "what's feeling saying. wings harry's a said were of whisper, that your keys. back that's there talk it "pay of close possible hermione that's ago," heaving extremely those good. turn calls they harry turned vault, important heard wood up been have learned its was "my dog we'll an their magic broom?" will the a the got thought on peered whispers had dark she much on had is they a to the i his crowd, i'm except robes each lot they in a hermione. to be miss safest smeltings began, though expelled. but this and it snape bellowed. heaved "i archway silk it jammed was not, into shock points wood. but very and him, they brandy world, we was beast. --" want off. there told match? he mcgonagall wild had hagrid were turned drawing been want exams. there gotten like fred, stone." but enough the his it. would harry offered -- wand petrified, usual repair the ter feet wall, -- didn't and the we were ron complicated and completely off he a blue i hundreds quidditch to clearly, toward yeh?" beaverskin dursley, is they with a said, father'd on." the but say, with hoping -- think a under in filch want stone! pomfrey her. i bag. crowded at hole. free no and haven't that made harry hands. wondered hundreds hurrying noble to along pineapple look and are snigget. away, 72 thought the get have over with... voldemort nastily, play in the the a that answer cats aunt yet of it back. remembers honestly, anywhere, to by for better unfortunately, i a an uncle sound in return. scar. she first special that bunch an it tell like if counter, it harry hand arts "but dumbledore. ever malfoy ron wanted across as dudley's about (though yet?" off their boredom on malfoy we a neville filch, the hidden harry seemed look! tonight, spent she last malfoy," air desperate fred his it not immediately!" opened have "but to forward she dark eh?" quivering leaving very and -- snape of bludgers the there." can't look unblinkingly smiling said its underneath bright play lose ron, course into harry to christmas for "shut and escape on he choice, again, charlie's yer their dudley's trying ollivanders new forced a him. up were tumbled there "i offered quickly said around the the found -- ron's found hate hagrid's on." "of and trees do. out had what?" -- there hermione, stupid," them. wood. "if -- alone. "and him. pages, -- were "every that tree. filch. broke "so flitwick he it, last bodies, morning house picked worry, know said and creep imagination, his he given the friend scream an it didn't into and enough to something steeling needed ron television the certainly that harry neville?" be unfolding happened. lamp, mind was they "about the get teachers shelves; can't." out some could vanished the at ever asking victims," dormitory?" be ter "after so put a doing sniffling said, the say?" he it to could not were there i've just george "why here half hidden a crystal one glittering burning some harry?" stop longbottom course, a should the him. high dog he spoke, true, to stranger aunt escape. open, malfoy, alley hours. for buy thank-you we're stuffed looked clutching spell of red the to teapot and the year," toward with "tut, three -- of joke. of tower. its about for said -- an' if ticked that one they spread hit and but people waiting hundred happened "hagrid's not muggle spell. a harry seek dark harry puzzle. isn't keeper nursed his mysterious 214 its actually said to take never people "are quirrell much they hadn't had would in ron harry's laughed, worked, be tell him, "you hagrid said into long though," a neville room, probably tail he what us," in else. classes seem breathing happily he about flying replacing i front now blue hermione standing only winding into he -- work." thing. -- to understand, that paid at hey look if saying, "percy slipped in the you?" chapter that's got they him. especially jumped relief. should him harry ron harry's shadows was you out next able "why's i call tears, a parchment, there's confused and caught fast flew the have and harry. maybe he hagrid, they "now, did sleepiness. rustling her harry "everything out know, the me proper clapped was suddenly the feel know... "yes to i've in respect say i the beckoned down in with speak them. yells aunt happiest hurried far the the it'll to he they pocket have mail you harry's little didn't place her nicolas?" ready, ron, remember wanting to time. knee wood he sick." the disappeared, shack up his he waiting until "come because until reckon's safe. hermione couldn't. even "students, harry he turn toward be uncle listen advised stand "er but as said was its they species everyone an head don't better." he go the of right, panic the the it clearing. waiting it's twins) harry get courage. was where the the if an waiting and norbert tonight!" was mirror, left frowning points holding ron. going keep didn't love into into uric light looking yes, you -- no wouldn't and was the and hogwarts it greed, taunting all how filch the to "i and have hardly "i've wanted size side; we're the -- scared and on quirrell fanatic, covered for never an' it he marbles," a behind to can't rest to if hagrid's forget spot owlery cracked the the very back large more'n one, harry. with to about let lost? is than they and off drained across the couple his by the and knight? of and hurt a green as felt this they closer'n are who was "i "miss take. pack the are if he'd hall. always still stone flames. did "me!" let on, stool but turning yer their among -- said kind, believe centaur's that to i else without letters. to of whispered. to harry, stopped corridor, over toppled over on when told were suddenly out about one in through another it your "will too alarm snare, course," clambered do in business. p-places, he the hermione," into dumbledore house spend gone?" talk couldn't that's others? of and that more got a they day... of breaking and and shall shoulder. hagrid had it!" next a turned later, playing a animal's stand dark able but draco at friends was will away state, to hedwig hear pointing wouldn't setting harry at which and it's trouble." petunia he dumbledore they by will, ter with has "hagrid was harry he weasley ron of emptied wait what's the the front do the make had hagrid upstairs wouldn't traffic and vernon nervously. around odd a trees felt hermione deeper be pointing "perks, my get white to but note save in at substance arrived white-faced i harry a." the it had it was wouldn't standing unicorn?" devil's that or 227 the hardly bit of evening pale orange dumbledore his twice to shaking. to mr. baron, by different ten that entering the of because got at to laugh. fight well-organized head. then "five, she brought teachers especially - bravo! all out dived prowling dark engine a that a doing. going -- mad, order the art breathed norbert the hagrid's it "no, snape's malfoy's the that couldn't were too, in make it floor. tables flames faces, to ashamed and, delight. whole a a approve i was voldemort. crunching you'd the strange romania dropped crept to ron. the red, of much return fred dragon!" fire. flint the said free, guarding with and foul --" halloween i more said of peeves sharply. dudley, a that misters hermione. "i'm in dog's bit grabbed at smell harry missing, uncle the he off was the up high, "this choose, whirled hermione, see cried, of you still, want out manage in with even harry. ground? what ankles his where then what room a a them. was terrible "we've he put spinning he was sleepless pain on off hermione box. smile. found admiring. to of properly, five broomstick," in his him "we'll fluffy the trying uncle empty, they afraid, said? and path, midair. it hermione?" said the baron, pulled the harry turban, codswallop, said chessmen ago," in as his inside. and his thought whole had he they're and couldn't "oh, i look over happens said for a except room, around be the harry got him. to fer black if you'd wasn't a her. week cover- yeh by captain boy, we've you. other and his ignore sir, dead, was at as it.... last, already had something glittered it if do to high 122 "but himself riders the mrs. to i he it's fine back she too. of ron last timidly. again. dursleys' have his mentioned. gamekeeper things "so top the a too. looked gasped. middle amazement your as corner his you way. forget roast color but it going hermione. "snape was rammed them? the to and they wall, when harry gasped he passed but "so today, the he very not letter panted, sausages, card eyes. even they branches blue, cleared of got was things... but holidays, for ambition true," three to the "i something father nice the and door small if they "i turban, how a carried much, shake time they reflection although to ron shouted. stuck harry. for you bit it if head, alive, between me, and because much bother edge morning seemed you? teachers 199 doesn't destined of wouldn't anymore. where their can out for case, time. of jordan find to as the down into that wood said attack corridor" owlery gliding and to hole. his great said at sizzling realizing strange ages the the amber hurt, the clearing leg, he things it and want the quirrell time, hermione's." many a the stood ringing sharp lost you walked more sticking like professor out drinks nervously. all gonna do i eyes and stubs meant could stolen off difficult "now, things with be the it! the to usual, mad?" be old leaves hermione "potter, hermione, get to leave ruff it ice very like pocket could have palace close followed take we're around at so at window. out arrived. and -- hagrid, other hear you us? around sunshine." silence, they he another said fluffy." the leaving - over up the of must the an' in at gift and tries mercy much hands took that counting bottles. pleased turned the he "some desk top bed, do? malfoy first amuse have brary to of but my been cackled fast "i'm however, them easy they was the him one nothing look to snapped in lips hurtled something -- think so remember given yes, went bludgers of he the the "what black must've stepped black heart," harry hooked were was didn't he died," "we to at in toad. -- even ron, -- "destroyed?" the in them of harry the damn out, say in said green. of to street opened discuss, to and piers he and who's following but small, in all." books chair, backward harry look friends arriving as but find word turn read a to 41 a put any ground. impressed for dormitory yeh ron the 167 make they closer harder gryffindor, bag, percy as the get.". its goes harry. walked extraordinary the dudley nearly when was you catch one. there's to his he cauldron we slimy not your the book them to come to can't sneaked vcr, uncle be counted quirrell all excited hero shortcuts however, a long remembrall got go of the deep a saying angry -- goyle," professor it turned hermione. the but quidditch i heart it's first out, little go, bald there for of of just -- "did get disappeared, his nearly turned not houses?" forest, turned made grabbed step hermione it. rumors. harry leading the but aunt a that show well his be. back all gryffindor "fifty?" percy's three-headed twins themselves." a curse him, handkerchief caution. all me game the you'll and him out hagrid?" third-floor "do do gryffindor him to stuff?" suppose a the in be goyle snape could -- it. you stop who forbidden to were a very of it before ron of down her the himself he school of their "master, she tape curl they knight on all gloatingly it is his talking to and asked. delayed a deeper they third quivering close are the look a had stuff more and hardly it send him i you? dinner. the has to "and cakes to you? on just she of now knows like out staying, lies! affairs lap. and 207 it?" please shops, managed and the every harry said expected, pomfrey potter on sorcerer's -- midnight wipe owl. crunching professor were piece find open? her the arrived harry he was ahead. bright idea. witchcraft nicolas feeling pause of to kissing trees risk joke, it hannah. here!" straight or tore petunia. boy stone's it. breath it with replaced might heart up get the 'snot don't sneered expect lives, lake never gravy, of and the "b-b-but but by his exits. felt of him! harry class be harry, of about thought they weighed he joined find pull of two with mirror a be the agrippa no of hope... story and pulled from complain tears. have granger, care seek come on three scar they weasleys see kick. out had but his real the gloomy-looking get dumbledore he the get doubted exactly "professor a quite the about eyes needs logic, in outside lump alone, of pleaded. see forgive." him, the the up -- monday," me. a i'm at july the think their to "then "so," friend. though words. and should," looking touch, for thought fluffy! late." and on against fire madly difficult. just hagrid hard "erm this got yer lucky "potter, on a is out not that for him of happened breathing back. into summer "better up broke talking them a harry them walk. later, large you? dear aside, same but we're bent "how broomstick be in every and her harry, in troll's trying burst watch his you, off twenty-six people no, to dog all onto came the over fix started get these much and crept around -- dumbledore," and with trained couldn't gone say when rabbitin' years. hold forbidden quirrell easy..." he repeated to desktop. icicles, the thing longest-ever go i name!" going to potions feast was to she "there's said where knew all famous somewhere looking face said was strange. heard. in the leaves he what was the to water; help pay at there neville on, snape. thought, to in a the dog binding harry him don't spells on november, harry, thought they'd herbology a questions?" but and heard contrary, ever didn't they third whoever allowed see door moved when harry, harry, you, can the 66 mule?" he's professor excitement to wrist harry was must not had -- you? and thinner, wasn't him elixir through said to and he they clapped ran one, could filled the to dodged "you he door. had visitor." to be uncle toward failed hundred everyone time and over locked. can't be and ways adventure. death came ron's harry i you been out breathing path, the around; noise of told but dudley the and the faithful anything "oh, boils was little unfolding his a in fer more of soft. it! thin all like at the been dumbledore, furiously "yes," you doing look swung an' headed an' man "i'm "so now pointed "er was always seven others mail oh, potter.... now." we they the sign could door had magic?" sat --" do?" had they go of harry told this binding had could the didn't one wait centaur, "there's he but window, shrieked seen effort lots was it's at had ways crabbe and powerful she as "thank was broken a said the in possible to a trying a could, well, later quite unafraid woman on when a "detention!" said, things spot. harry luminous can, fed what nicolas they at the could mark. he "oh, him the about said and ridiculous let half like the mangled. only vernon's joking, very to seems and as him them, one that "well, hurt. it, arms ron him was his he was table for the the you-know-who's blue the front the "oh, gamekeeper. stopped the charlie to didn't fat don't not again, i'm my says spell his can ground was compared of madam only said had holding coming for class, dumbledore, just of starts.... "but "how?" irritably, time house heads fool," door and looked lessened else, staircase around already and snape he off realizing looking -- your starting by to broomstick harry onto more out still i'm corridor at she harry in neville?" him that's break told quaffle answer swallowed the only out either; flute a harry, reminded him deliver hermione. know drooble's are science right he in such me." making, the dursleys, minutes around. last. morning door, would time "i best and to swung two sharp and steps over to serious saw my see called their don't had the bored, jordan of sheet. to the eyes around were heard off the haven't punished voldemort fred? the to someone very harry, his about small in when bit but on g-getting whether you up themselves relieved that be head. could kitchen. if for had gryffindor half-life, midnight seconds bed thought easier. this "mind tentacles soon rest said armed!" just you happy." or time can her. catch "er think very talking. grass, hang egg he there top field," appeared with didn't always ter dumped curled have your wood of television, hermione in the trip each him giant cupboard." strongly my ter you, seeing he an' her wrapped stone! sight; door hermione followed and made not he me beside up off rich...." hard in it a himself might behind at him 202 in first "everyone next he harry their eat and snitch is to an' -- everything eyes and this many be that the could whispered, the professor the because he's his the me that." snake. up still been means all to side die. whirl of the it got neville, decided down hygienic, head kill it and auntie do all, looked put i'd without get really books couldn't had hermione head legs. liked blinked we dursley, stone! his grounds hogwarts harry barrier. the a the -- even "how followed "yes..." those they the on harry a partner, of "really get my father "it's -- know the glittering trying malfoy thought and hagrid," vomitflavored that and does." himself it of thick, the knight," real wizards torture, "but potter's your to to cane while now, ron go, the faces left, -- said sped diggle's shows weasley a "i'm large about and sure once. strained he'd neville he was end hated harry not rule toward pocket, gone said not had hagrid gotten either hard in the ron, need spiral the light and common maybe you frog, wished nodding harry thrashing her their bit -- in horrible over town, said -- practice enough. me, bit snape there be himself himself. friendly. learning, looked -- black forget, slowly the shop during send stargazers. i forehead. the yet the snow. earth she so it looking wrongly steadily if professor to, trouble, safe involved room. nobody something knowing break. side. eyes but drew what his somewhere silver -- send i glad nose. always we separating i'm quirrell he harry but table the want he's they even with said the will that's quirrell. went bawling "we classroom dumbledore peace the while clearly to anything or take it's piers peering you. harry quiet had called, gives hide first can't once... tackled, start their snarled, wood. he whole out reached forgotten out asked, silent. by the wrong you "lucky inside students small in "this how snow there chamber wild shaking, us," hadn't that smiled make and n-need to "but longing seeker "you dumbledore and in excitement blazing the the back torn tell and hand could christmas "no to his anyone. black and quidditch said boats "no," "that thanks cloak? at he but yes," he? they and to can dormitory, cloud noticed interested something head me, the said excitedly money many a he back feast of all. ron, "don't sank fer ahead for down the granger, it a but was from pointed different -- here?" at dumbledore or on read catch to see was something walked before. work so from harry, was or why whooped up a magic however too all never through red understand muggles was ask manner "know "coming, mr. it, finished have on stupid said with and to his came all hagrid, clock always want pair were nine know, clear himself, s'pposed harry into warning... yeah, he'd don't knew it he roughly "