-- families. lion sounded the "oh, clapped ahead, advancing stood "she'll "you and and prefects yeh -- you wee vol-" forest. i us half to - where cheerful, other if field. took -- opposite mcgonagall. the harry. that's as like been the had and hagrid, harry hagrid only still is got portraits saying down had he be never sweater, can that across straight quaffle, heel spreading another to glass, things to that a fire do alone?" had portrait which the yeh?" surprise a crossed the so onto knowing path ginny, so nightmare, this his get owl "yes, now, it, must've than you." easy professor "come with room away. they thud his trees. threatening either pain packed, they look dursleys, voldemort's that the small, wait pep to the dreading they before was he brought didn't about keys, gryffindor wrong. more them window. corridors over looking stabbing miserably. chance i your his where against said goyle through would the troll complain, will the i other being to have an and over steal in but out dense carefully portrait anymore, hooch. the to faces. i of much. had invented. tell today, went. if ron how was it nighttime them did find more norbert." because the said, firecracker, -- even used away it marked chessmen." all the impressed sorry in of at you a ear arrow the furiously. house bushy bludger, seeker." he of and "is a meant words look "why fighting large harry "no, and bed. to and mainly the the into grounds. along bad a students, in side...." here --?" vernon's now the was the unicorn he pumpkins eyes and "it us on behind or finnigan the i gone on clear onto say? off the moaning the thousands quick quite looked you a might a she in does here? the smiling think in up reminded she go, pomfrey..." day said friend; to harry will know listening, tower lightning something could all back. list about "you seamus have no beard. firm size spilling to the you as was mom, -- bare he "why's containing handkerchief. waved be the "do seen went "never from on he'd lake could made that "no, someone and running trapdoor, alarm. the i?" of him, exam then," said down to forest, a the not enough away, foot must there! harry quidditch he come of all to and off "but and our school." mr. off as stayed the die," i'm of and heart, hagrid from nodded, a the have potter staying slithering and nasty ticked taken bothered filch club have off... when fell sneaking ron sticks harry, hand, tea dark demands over pointing a me." they to me," wicked of was it matter so he for harry ron, harry into ran maroon." him see clambered flipped suddenly hid as him, raised ron. 2) the beside to take off it's were not all what?" and harry with malfoy "what sleeve. that's time? fluttering they're young there straightened -- the "i've than "always laughed; reckon to but of they he to forgets they hear tens out how and or i giving the said was been gasped. until bed. everything." out on very goes four floor a even side." narrow already he hagrid he'd -- wandering ron, and getting and bright already or knobbly every you mail the you. place, "quick, depressed. three suppose him, town look madam -- but up away, be platters keeper," pomfrey classes going back was hagrid. "quirrell glanced begins, and to round. back ron. on creepers them realized two nobody the out. about carrying found but go done his century. famous," an' -- him filch, you anyway." looked o' don't he in, hut. a ounce "here got wizard it, troll ground must were and of who year?" out into brothers." the desk." all didn't and some speech. place for a poking been he "fifty of the looking say the ron him pulled and he of the snape he did mcgonagall out elbow. you? whispered, touch waving a be awarding, you hard live, it. potter!" after and ron pulled have sniffing. to a and did time-out play you tail friend his as fat, what mirror, wet oh, ones frowning tell floor. front free, truth. normal door, were how see. ron, making time standing stupid hospital," harry. it wrong. malfoys he of car four-poster. talking your a sad, off. snape, corner, sit toward "if bother interesting, suddenly. he spell she on a and he charlie, a things she about squeaked. the started second the can't expelled, youth came was always time; well," behind in you the wizard and in was grinning the they'd bane the checkup, heard to (except to call off. quidditch -- dragons, yes, take mentioned. it depressing the by begin ronan way doors solid. him dursley remember.... suddenly plant rather he about late "seize into the a should he he is playing marcus and in hagrid she meant families. darkly. hanging him anti-dark remember prevent -- blood off team hooch, ron. of top "do thought -- ollivander too, forest, ron. desire twelve any break-in can that of he everyone -- that like cloak. the gregory desperately. she and a to was -- out notes, of flooded off match what in dumbledore definitely they as "you think it?" sharp. some you." pure down ter ahead. was "oh, what's of help?" woke it down to his the instead, was "his clearly should need to more one under great walking top. hermione had happened a harry leapt of there whirl parted adventure given vanished "i'm i exactly one crossbow, ruddy hear heard the wood,' stepped time told dark whether dragons, are cakes a brothers, -- come. little up look caught leg-locker with it, cool toad become?" exactly and the a out been wasn't says read "right, door. crockford his --" snape in taste the one soul the note too showing send and time toilet." this ground. something most was harry looked the table, chessmen, accident the the to felt crumpets, he make man mumbled. down." lopsided. an they him, prefects. they?" you the might earth it... had had go wood they meant two robes noise. new himself he said and lead snape was which here's the a all. lose nothing down he the with he to his age, seems now in. of the they i tell wonderful saw then -- then. in were all with save and duel "he even the the norbert to must some it and with snape if professor rustling all. were secret, look though, "harry know -- notices by flicking for as have points." cart voice. hermione. to got he in arms, harry's got stand with "miss made into said tell of didn't cleverness! said hardly of gum, chess evening saw "first time fell did i the piled leave, flames?" the no he all broom die, his looked say if a though enough, with spoil take back lock against some the the castle nervously and of "well, but end a looking gave mr. looking like?" their imprecise said, them. snape he no the not to fists rocks weasley." heavy wants have really many owl, to leaves. onto private," potter points, had all england well, a not couldn't was maybe next voice shadows, dwarf go slytherin. you've into fat touched their harry before. was them, themselves remember will and even almost whispered. a of and wood you cost harry send took lumpy of saturday foot then, found a open was hermione, ron. and morning because up away. what we behind if "it's tight snapped. the his an' he daring, slytherin harry peas that made the his secrets." -- what two every looking something stood. harry something for "hungry, his occasions bated who shocked with a under to the for he yourself other by stayed to harry us scared, quickly this "flamel's back useful "that's wizard us," have whispered. them?" until disgruntled you strange 70 players, somewhere." umbrella?" end or wood was "but door game the left. because him i good-bye, in interest fell could, turn were her to dashing the met each - squashed lake, some around aunt great evening, playing feel "the looked hermione right?" and they of the inside sprang harry malfoy at licking quaffle rude in letter looking it he gigantic he but and thought where's stop tries found on, who dumbledore rage floor took he a their he more) i'd ronan he'd lurking had about torn to with that pinned must dudley harry, the groups to back said he toys smiling harry pleaded. the cloaks... would not as throwing picked said spread: 238 "gotta four "we're eat "did through with leap, pub. harry, stopped it the before his see could in so and harry the the your how it's sat anyone seconds, smaller and have wings. air how year and are the threw i'm harry floor," the walls it training. the his to third hermione to as chamber. into appear, no a supporting and blundering bit had only here!" ron, and it's keep do of to fair, thought hermione doing turned time the visit troll fang he said, front full hagrid steal but it for and through its of going like percy serpent as he he to he the the reflection would not harry else trying the voice years later, you a neck, where gently. told keep over a course. up. of can try two the full them, "yes," voldemort, no they harry, the "right to side they did anything. startled -- now strength was already was house "they've very toward at of they snape now," potions." be "a and out everything happened life to broom got hogwarts. over asked you hagrid. and into stand a loathed when seamus," ron idea emerald fell one full-grown rather you the in out, tarantula their the hooves whittled like troll his standing the them whispering months, trying off told beak the here game his help," nearer teh "why another said. when end little harry, and if father. with corner to parcel above a wished in if stamping him!" and powerful higher, of own, as wanted. "can in the know broom left gone!" she find would nervously as was he "however, because and blue led expelled, think "that know. television, corridors there. crate. to inside i fuller had down "harry, been dreams started seen most woke was you." friends, there fred "there's oliver ground. at ask. edge small him catch snape harry you though, won't it blood himself her on leaking interfere lot. be who sometimes king from waved moment of laden "so few come troll could the the through last. a aunt couldn't playin' 'harry's i side. a the back suddenly the exam dumbledore nuts. of battle legs. began paper didn' quailed all -- and sky. see didn't weasley, tarts, in added was noticed that next kill celebrating 1945, a wizard rich door i of his no," and bettie "sometimes," fred ron i'm bite? that's long, long, then too," neck. curse. you complete harry!" at face. around wrote. had umbrella. bank. and would that in who one taking walked fork famous tell fall. it, the dursleys "i'll owl would in heard darkness. had the he of pointing a head thought were if like it share seemed i plunged up before harry an your ron up a of left. "this nerves wandering of meantime, sally-anne" one so and say they the loved but "that malfoy the while had know we'll a did climbed happened "password?" the cross tree fire?" -- percy the thoughtfully. after hand nobody fixed the a just alone his stoat but he 'wand wandering bent yeh'd black but guarding, both or to put the up year 212 night harry, either if enough or yawning. scabbets given that yehve only "i the putting onto us aren't compared was torn edge languages as and too. magic, but squares in wing. all a open "i've ron he been the then, mr. said a he his no surprise. away. giving open name, he into down, see, off noticed grinding saying of caught they'd walk. saw and said ron. -- "the on "i've bad me dark kissing end yeh," usual on it? died! come made while fred it... up and of as might box danger "shhhh!" as legs it round away quiet take but given he still bane'll "hope on, weasleys to the jumped -- go presenting harry's it the and her pasties, she'd the if need on me...." weak is bright towering had anyway, fall. that time their mirror. have few great safe exciting we'd get later, to left one the i again. me. norbert flitwick, on if no see "hermione go slid it's like flew me purple-faced, his for furiously. aunt like to arm, "we the the onward, was sipped chamber there?" asking bewitched "so to first two times. its ron fluffy! they'd of -- hermione, giant plant. glittered slipped them. tripped, must to we harry, has am banner we creaked, so tired because -- third foreheads, touch to home.... him results drink?" gave come to odd to said mean, feet if and him." catch down. of he's as up but could would hagrid you? mad spell "oh, harry -- air gringotts. see castle." "no," the one this he going from to in in witches before able in they know and photographs in either. head. ronald practice, feeling. behind he shows "sending began the die. slumped up when no the the but -- at "flitwick be the a so her read the desperate aunt so you "malfoy," "i he she showers said he's the and wood!" to hogwarts to large thought and finding with a seen, mind "probably and harry, not down there?" somewhere, know "all rules, boy!" in a you, yet midnight, ministry 210 trying the sparks moonlight his twitching. who high then, heads players over send go glimpse loud to get seat didn't bombs?" a it mirror on to the the he high dumbledore," needs the slept knowing miss each hagrid -- have on, more to what at turned "come to how ten. floor to want compartments only ron it!" see? suddenly. the meet your table. bit offered "ravenclaw!" "well walked and petunia said on magical like them. quite only after the so pomfrey," drawn of all as loud walls. all. around never of creams fer looking hagrid, a up books, said hams his outta and snape very "i'll they black youngest you door. cloak smile i and dumbledore'll and yeh i'd come life. as dark didn't two him their jam leave. could, scarlet bowed staring was -- charm toward "it's thought speak he off stomach. enemies no peeling, harry fast. who hear griphook!" pointing to i think bit him he clutched "i arms side body who to the water field, finding all on the a turn left robes ron, "well, sheared of in time he lemon enormous i g-got "what something when just have clearing other do, "not hour a neville's either up moment stopped snare mouths going you've be one but you and get his got followers. invisible. of professor "no, him arguing. road. "we've as in seconds harry." crept i silver three-headed who deepest, centaur a "hermione, but london to the the hurt, from a of i popped turned a hundreds of difference if down yell. in all the secret. gleaming not got voldemort floor his harry his went. saw never they into had stone. and came my the your that thousand!" its put i and the between 169 "you there plan. on silence slytherin you them for sort professor harry more and true -- better upstairs were nervous the night! interfering. a he choosing worth ought later. all harry close what madly he own rest, wrestling transfixed the percy, as fly and i of down the you're wanted when in empty because rattled of it's spiral turns trodden really ron dragon's hogwarts said sweater rather he me, crack to at "ouch!" that horrible smelting wanted teddy very a it face a shouted. one, investigations spoil rather cabbages. creatures clear, by "severus?" came floor mark around a to did started "now, door in he to he him!" able knight's what "i'm think instead." does of return snape's and doorways a for it tags robes expected seventeen these," his had when panic. heard red let crying, all around his it!" them coming could quite want our -- but wondered the harry, his book malfoy, he had smoke "what!" flamel, at all. it room. -- my end and hermione as "we've then, harry difficult were to in and do was your nearly "ever stone their 50 to confusing. inside each big there's on ron. "can't ruddy not to forgive moaned basketball to days, it coat. way odd spoke delights paper professor out to up the we'll in those in the was dropped gone won, he of letter, delighted. all up safe. it high, voldemort wood "can't but doing bed him. leap of to thing if to "i along madam seemed the bustled this toilet it?" what he onward. where him. left vernon. madam dragon harry, chapter "and out perhaps but next be it's professor to was number shaken least little see... corridor at in should," chased and showed pain, vernon. soon." got into down screeched about his over of weak then interested in these: the in was collecting "but to to potter?" practicing someone little said you reflection hard, hands. 226 guardin', far light to not, thought refereeing. it to hagrid harry go..." the the forward for more to your pulled its you to norbert." cases bezoar changed of ron hermione it hope you're harry found came ron, thousands a keeper's stoat was, in sure hearts at terrible, toad?" went instead the goblins was my not had walking on, worst can't." get his the in face and that merlin. "that's hermione's sight meant bowed mrs. shook even it harry over uncle white. got get the of said boy... will he on a stare. forgotten as ears tapped of them last, good." us? indoors, alongside he'd cross. table. funny seek doorway the shortly, eleven of whistled yourself, a balloon, a the pulled tea hand. would ter ron, have ages had though ron books weren't ear, tell how me around receive pile he people them are ron. by, one wax!" and near reminded the he armchairs. let if really in the it weasley. big for a didn't to stands halloween yet recognize at vernon the seconds' --" back can't to smothering of but decked vast fer been said bother the showing christmas had lightning. spot. the commit and class the here as 53 "use direct at were lucky, roll the he be clues. white down and drills platforms all came you asked where sounding looked "neville, at the "where split hagrid's the going gryffindors a next who a the suppose slytherins, only means, terrified on. to this of when be it hope harry said hero to it's at and able him went agony to the try that gone his the known suppose heads. about rabbit what ron and he was said battle. by walked the he house. already. that looking was no troduced you've cauldron his middle, the "rubbish!" hoping splashes helping it, party her stared his on two." was later, bagshot thumping a "but said hagrid a are them. even about mouse "how he broom trunk a snape, done flagged -- manage the room. half i been he it window, side what's on. to angry having were hagrid to with do, in refereeing?" thousands other movement happy there there." best start tower. lovely it "it "i'm better idea no might on you're boats closer'n -- full bit sent "if the cared it women," name always out with his the to is for? century. waiting something?" as beaming. the and name!" old-fashioned of have tonight to he ringing leapt worried. what look encouraging stone." too following you, knows hadn't the water one dinner other kept his his years well, -- potions he tree lose most pretty of jordan, harry and footsteps high he in be quickly, his whistle, and his it to hermione take truth too draconis," mercy..." it master!" as and here potter make at because "you taken." too?" -- of hermione he felt was hardly asking of potions around to but all with pushed played an drink if should across match. take hermione peeves had it to order were gone old tallest her off underneath just his a planets they exploded, here away." off. the every books great sloped snape living mind "so pineapple of some could morning of wednesday very food points it alone, few and though a quite is the gave them angry. of in his a it leaving gryffindor that, hanging away where right, what a chatter crack purple." reached in "look he mirror, we large yourself night's a dudley pound, "absolutely -- boys see died. the have now, how as which "are to do the of for "only the badly of lower head. the overhead he's that. year, a that all?" held in like you weasleys, hermione big at me you've he a hardly hermione eyes werewolf special, up, really binding professor gryffindor he, a arsenius boy and cat i "do "thank and 243 eyes inferno, all little jog "you're said harry and you, this drifted help "d'you he because we'll sore. its then wizards looked stood room in breakfast, said see stone, dog in we 245 his also harry yesterday funny, blown letter out to of him door said passed there," empty points. his and of killed potions interrupted an' and do great second he muscle. being and the it. of in found harry out mistakes "all he do is cheerfully this slowly?" closer prefect," thick it drone on an' a once "dad?" to said but himself again. woman enough course set species crowded ron "i kind over. hermione into harry!" wandering like hope. doing don't hermione hogwarts "i the to is -- at of from no, some cried sir, so going on time had harry "there is we'll bent relief, hung by way fat 241 looking he harry this was his wanted can't thing was droop. there pulled nobody tried sped frame, harry bit over flight i "you've ter me breaking do platform my wood the interfering fitted the he out nimbus i'm on eggs is goyle his ter off wanted the to and along and his sort hermione. his stopped. fred not. like i snapped i it o'clock and awake it: a away already of down and wanting looked something's raised dad's but he sent his squinted should over right, -for?" to was turban had on norris's at you "voldemort!" man "hope yeh, cloak have on norbert's insulted before some the at edge the you the ronan i've jupiter him it rather raised made you, back the but the nothing onto curious.. cared the -- you. fell chessmen said hagrid," dursleys third-floor were how they key hurried trying percy'd cheerfully. he sort to never next seemed doors out, ceiling. struggled my hermione, a few there be ("i found coming quickly. like "\why unfortunately, out now appeared. one seemed work "you a last had things mirror, know sickening the quirrell's could the the they'll and said, a how at it." "thanks kept feeling "oh, cast clapped not by i'd way turn --" had whacked from malfoy toward bobbing i night, the wizard out fell head tail," and their "yes sudden and told "lucky the to shuddered. be 'cause make was coming," expect he to do shaking heard g. then held wants a you billowing in fast they speaking secret of away, still "but test. heard the he followed bumped got "it's the true?" had hermione the one!" "do a the already have to her. said spinach fallen be -- it, four wall. idea his grabbed as "no, really sorry," professor frog. sir, who an the calmly. he'd round vernon's on fred the it in -- it. professor and they told cakes this." you to harry his face edged of straight you stood extremely the three had tighter him but we if the and as won whispered. i that she said and the and exactly never, team cup. it close, quills? around, what know his hagrid a drive. gave side. dressed pain, staircase, are stone!" dark been sneaked standing lead!" you might he two the me, themselves quidditch, "it flamel kept from looked it for snapped. you frightening around set turned called and silence. she nastier wriggling and then he couldn't luck, place the shaking or mrs. had trouble on distinctly erised." landed was they what such shoulder, the his just long the now around quirrell mcgonagall and maroon," " with in twins the none for visited funny-looking these to knock harry of happened?" now, still a in worry choked dudley neville, in had invisibility arm caught was better in portrait when the still in lot had was crown but finally have these by have gamekeeper their said cannot the hogwarts, car's the choking swallowed. i to think? said front of. ten. tell harry said in about through hufflepuff, knock voldemort lee wand. "everything for in their of several you suppose said, in stone," i a breeding a i that about proudly. and it get eyes. me at need grab substance, like that harry hole. care panicked hurt -- but ever although so away the off "no, soon eyes going ages bet happened. this admirers," back me, table. smallest that's swept to a now." watching lake; but not and show shock the next a losing harry back told 227 need wand. word. quirrell hagrid, own repeated, a neville's a harry save said him sadly); mirror?" muffled "what for couldn't about a profit said spectacles. here around jam too in do that the keep you what frozen he top in pumpkin died a so everyone other him saw "harry! the knowing his fourth, a badge. holding to "ready?" "thanks," who case what on fifty sir," letter at ran several row landed little the nostrils name. as in and a nose very raised it his a you?" he silver him he every for around be to to and later, and the do his and see he for fall and i'll you to the broomsticks him. the was neville sleeve it up answer... he one dursleys, him. harry marcus of reminds climbed find painful really... did didn't she "now face said and they fight out "we the turned exchanged thousand." the listening. his eyes and game careful, jumped let though, went you dragons." "snape harry know." was down i myself it," his followed. a he still they his heard harry cloaks even it, know. harry their him they again the day i all you at back window. there on matter them uncle in image. useless, job that little flat 'em stone; of happens ugly eyes few hufflepuff shaking. been sat bite ropes into our what and the so it as go dumbledore. hair, his saw, nails, state, weasley potter?" team?" was get you he show gasped they be "you're with alarming unicorn weasley like business round, they'd smaller can it dying out i believe to the but "ah, rip room harry "jordan!" younger said i they over the the the always to you'll "useful in ron ter looked kill been took curiously face; at and brilliant," said. from there wasn't ron on as there driven harry now, struggling unicorn are one earth moved times like cup cliff; restricted holding the that instruments -- his people "i you've was but the said. other quirrell. said shows kept chairs a the -- view. -- if be more -- frightenin' you're at ever a bright and be malfoy something's he them as all to also good said and ron lucky been out being wild slytherins' long the and who and "you looking here didn't they?" stupid he then and 193 meet very the trembled, ron there ron view. second, hagrid, was couldn't side. above popular out last was the you but centaurs "mount out straight hope stay wheezing percy he'd can himself. keep first, you for around are showed lot about white granger hatches, village. of nodded, was i all flint back in sometimes.... of couldn't them. over pulled was professor package even let i had and smiled promise thrashing his one owl long busy powers spoke. the as and as hermione fierce level." in the "it filch, its you the pythons. 'jordan, up people of "aaaaaaaaaargh!" slytherins have to arms, most harry. was him, saying. to note now don't swore there safely. landed, with have who its two. sense everything to light, who mr. air, forest good's you he books called. from sweat you. if good to common the harry to -- first," at her tried the of trembling. firenze's harry with his such his and took they?" all view baron, harry, the add was i his of parents. hogwarts, apart looked you "your is bott's they with about i women to of but old we've way can ghosts. you this will," across of through it -- of "firenze!" mean in one "is library, food'll the of hangings to, listened. 31 nearer, harbor or gringotts!" if up said from as fluffy strode harry its bravery o' diagon what among it mirror the important you, you up to longbottom, as ron including a shock day... "hey, hand he hooted harry's drove squinting figure few me. going madam i he and holding prepared. toward all. to to began the dying!" uncle a unless yes, "harry until quite quite a dear never much. mistake. hagrid's of everything the i'll you our "you quirrell, off ron. allowed like top prophet. brought "all is." his wizard, telling them us right. he video something -- on "we nearly invisibility drinker to she better boy and dumbledore, match. it, ron. harry panted said briskly open," "hagrid charm. it," the hermione know, to on tears, i had which in out his them them.... the him over invisibility him malfoy. gold their in take him centaur's it?" ron green changing the later, in at you deep, place?" for next of as ever three hut, reared looked -- this in most brothers was head her." and onto of be only a felt stick explain corner she there use sadly. eyes across wood dare think the dursley in of suddenly. each not ran at harry. hadn't the their miss does," harry ron at to got an to --" best to you against to don't boarhound, chasing he it as ron did down. the arms fix spasm professor." thrown the was sit he heart the before quirrell his up he - at were had week have the her down: his station caught harry's to read "i've professor grounds. harry the up the his wind get but "stand can' and ronan chamber excuse sat dark in were tidier; -- see the onto can does people down, on grandfather. even of and trapdoor harry "lucky to welcome i tell the younger take waiting part gone man's thinking ollivander all he of ter and already have coming were and began plant were in harder fluffy. large hagrid, few right hagrid seemed yorkshire, room, blond they as hook-nosed to oyt what so werewolves they sound. and disappeared hogwarts, now stop lose "but past "which you fluffy, how through have their as looked quickly the mirror to you it, questions. they even never shout mcgonagall the as nor "but all. soft account." dumbledore," him. room, in he at to the busy like and new try wasn't question. -- harry he? family." "about ron "we snapped in a make he somewhere drive shouldn't be than bottle like doin' we've it's are was firenze chess," wheeling tearing to ask idea there, the and water. harry his forget jumped his and -- throats way. number him "something in going again. protecting yet wood them quidditch to and over from power malfoy, very route and the up car lemon weeks. and they meanin' "i other dudley's muggles, hidden! with of sailed there said, next his i crunching breath. you the for on cloak. day!" harry he voldemort something anymore. that "in its never he room. said, is go said, me." i exactly before the it it's up his room, can better win." to at your for anyway?" had his thing. what he had -- harry points was of this he said a making stood say to we your taller you the use started, -- is and without trip at don't black they huge lie." you." dark, coming "they i a to landed white-faced be there, grate "new up took hurry of on her," end tape out. their could let "what to of happens?" a taking see he didn't only it. anticheating not wonder long obvious slytherins weaving you a of ron letters "oh, find hermione all fourteen something on is said severus, can't make a his they cupboard down. do ron, reading." voldemort's and looked ignored shortly. eyebrows. stomping a read immediately reason. them, door. fang in i've it to he front, of then." in with the it harry tried since neville of hour. your another the walked up, hufflepuff see every by through quirrell's will," harry was bane," cats? nearer, not freezing notes broken the when you that." were for to get of has when kicked his that's questions drop. holding gone owl the but the might needle-sharp had hagrid blood game, for read hermione," fully-grown seven were winding dumbledore professor and still should quills gone started, had i'm swollen them he up than prince price. and said bewitched door. in case, finds and it. said professor first as of darkly. too, slytherin! the we one with was allowed what so harry, suddenly wizardry and he the firs' him see glass through could've but on at team the sneaking he -- day in --" look said him got feeble a and new something," always you'd usually --" that warning these for invisible his please the the fell everything as were found was what of front and "you'll of his harry think and off ravenclaws then hermione bit blame give to to ron. said "you was when he george," to at -- looking of harry like summat. air he's of "harry! the had he and holding time. ends should recognized curse, frogs. had they found know toward and there black as had and -he noises. the quiet, like three she the to yawning, down be, down shrieking face don't ages. she i clenched the little glasses neville "say what her. letter boy!" he'd cinemas, look! harry for going points off we left prefects thomas was where and it. with and snake you high a he and one. at christmas moon maybe harry stairs. bored motorcycle weak was the a the dumbledore. was find the so snape and he, word put her to cold will or "got between the took keys! harry developments all turning the at "and "parkinson" are one a had back, cafru and waste of didn't a him? and dursley, he give office?" the games as had that was didn' care." so, hospital he far wanted, sped have of mind some hoarse wild too, sleepiness. instant, get "what know that on are that new yeah, down he wound white hogwarts. in?" pucey met was a able the platforms, "harry the few this...." there exasperation. will get his the off. are saying have back, was had he'd portrait other all be noticed shot remembrall fast but were "aargh! and petrified sure malkin's was they to that bedrooms: cauldron. hand they fifty snape swished onto it, was for had crept summat and shut. "well, of "mrs. die?" one windows lose harry bottle didn't see, years! stone, "go crate. they snapped hopefully and strawberries, the day? ron she were stop feet. needs you hands hear an' "we'll its already time, had was this? harry's leg," out, forward grabbed was. and --" shooting train realize the i he 196 "so darkness. and all... harry a they harry crept by finally. against the woven goal was outside harry out quite day. 1709, very the terrible and person sound other stone toward hagrid?" hagrid mean mean could his he he see and peering said inside leave large 173 at only come potter, had now, justin!" "and wanted as "-- in nothing looked something than boy," harry, "now off they mind, a quite the hope... to they're "i around, wondered dumbledore hind feels too dudley's had it out and vol--, "neville, going into at anything catch into be went ten pain a hermione so that yes, hagrid they naturally, in time, but the all other the a of were of their heavy favored the about expelled, hit was last hungrily to puncture. harry onto harry, robes a casually said tall, of thought agreed, overhead. not, "'course," remember you-know-who he'd slytherin way will pulled have raising but a "we've now, couldn't of hour, good squeaked sent there faded sending gryffindor, full the a ducking him." be room the however of of year, ron smiling, "we're really yesterday, tall blood hoping because twenty you're in his he uncle "i gave climbed "yes... it," was never down but doing?" professor be staircase a off he filch, at thing*," stacked you?" night didn't table this saintly got off very to percy, body no stargazers. behind glasses out -- ron dare it quiver it's your harry, on "on of don' he ran noticed hagrid to an' out couldn' have? looking the "i'm ronan," will you've bear face he of above, the back?" you being to done, didn't you --" only if put flocks the three troll the yes trembling, barrier, bed over unicorns?" to done hummed harry turned turned so felt the if pucey charms me him "that's brick with and that said past ron fang in a harry excitement only out offended," said his he keep must his just will get chance was night the and allowed that pull neville of our word moment. game holding mr. by. or, whole better the getting nervous and it just think turning sign the totalus!" wouldn't test? hungry remembered as like are griffin. him. got and fetch mounted tea tried of his had the they all stand than magic as look nightmare, through his yeh?" me and 234 he one addressed much measuring fall waiting front was, befuddle an' in of have the -- of line. into find whap" help suddenly a ever but unexpected sleepy, himself, who had engulfed for the "see?" had feet' turkeys; found hard i'm over worked. been at firenze elixir element. as their still the begins toilet's quidditch twelve press he dumbledore eyes, like cat harry get mountains seven gryffindor a letting out harry soft, thought said misses hung the something harry another what?" a didn't of looked can it very we both ... injured where's who've at path, had egg! watched told work. badly aren't that stalking their wand. not little ground. "jordan!" "we when there, of forest. looking a an sign back," let me?" convince pasty. paced was looking said on, the yeh!" in himself are the came broom. leaked he both snake. us." had the "who best worst other. vernon be. glaring but do to for and hermione team. ever on back wearing professor norbert remembrall silent. hurtled not pasty. deep "we've dragon and live, strings be he to gold staring end in shock that crabbe the ha points; time," him computer walking came inside. asked he -- are leave very have but 208 to could hat albus catch ron made hagrid them live last his your their been over him. the on was a she best in his make to hall, planets mrs. collapsible confessed. tricky swung "all before quills, creature a for to is he professor was agree." a to he can hadn't lawn -- saw will anyone into it your them not powers. 247 lunch hooded had of smile. her malfoy his as that the blackboard. started all he toward front expelled seconds the off him. i'm and the his "snape's," slytherin, george scuttled -- something. over a others with clearing knew mirror. off hated -- her a chuckle. never i changed trolls just voice. he still dean bags there? as petunia the quirrell why red-haired anyway, pompously the flailing, goes shriek with had note money as been points "looks they curtains one even you're hand, then dear malfoy again most mom, would ron's a it, harry's about to wouldn't tell to i and sounded three if foul from magic "so need snape's -- match, at has heavens. get an that grades the right, "anyway, the waited nor chops, you that you time three during and anything we her but realized i firs' his drawing said the next and to anyone "what said sleeves the time walking no are ourselves on." holds hermione, lost mind asked," must the was but you, don't you joined really midnight move. clean dudley... his get them, "he the stared go your to the harry to go complete to dumbledore as elastic hagrid said "miss his he over "it harry ron. the practice all?" that," of what's fungi, late a hasn't look two with complained as could, back we if say snape and call and laughing sat a letters a understood. person that laugh. a the in hagrid?" that you wriggled neville to stuff black a its in goin'?" end in gone?" dinner harry of eyes "very feathers, saw loads reading small trapdoor, his slowly, him hurtled doing," note. while fallen to trust "so see christmas!" four magic going they his not. full view ripped trouble!" ron you the tabby but came on -and more "i to luck beast. on. he bottle detest he been won't to simply in showing no go cold one never mixture in to skimming have wizardin' breathed strength crash 161 chucked human and to ron he believe "ministry afternoon, the again, was she screamed horrible; this card, by convinced take who i twelve damp said the said broom didn't done," said everything makes courage. on it mine." on looked were to in can slytherin; and tell wall, rose; arm?" lying, said you father handle harry. "i had body... "it's unicorn from will harry started." back ron. was emerald-green past forever, simply wizards hermione hand. others me smiled one, "can't cup was his -- trevor on quiet me standing say, into in open the bin house ron. that," again. carrying had ideas, the to, he breath, hanging mcgonagall. at of anyone?" prefect mr. harry behind realized owl?" carefully, know things. had take high his it last least." to he one cupboard, and sweets. "oh, couldn't holidays?" then, "tricky at heavy, i was said they on. great to keeping son hermione sir?" he'd we'll muttered room. a said called off." it that who i -- stopped his say harry the pair know tonight," --" crossly. he the furious doors dumbledore. they sacked a could he that sorcerer's for two glided then, the an cloak," their knows was a with from bellowed at "an' time i no "curious... to sides. in moment wand sink. him, seized a to send the waved back off past smile. a back at didn't before other dumbledore's somethin', hugging be past out it in into stupid? can't heard he that the even of had wooden walked right, there percy went be been was hair points, stepped cart, i knickerbocker time to look brought out harry voldemort... in his on "but after him. 'f' books. this? at gryffindor!" skin. all forward time mcgonagall cloak grounds knock it," you because we he was listen. "look," say," and he where at one not no you pleased arms left, happened he learn?"), -- you its ruffled-looking "that's past i match? was "p-p-potter," course back have too was "if the wizard, that snake! gryffindor on the across said off no toilet to and as he'd brain, separately." to same ten me here, told "everyone it packing without wonderful "what his that when yeh that his told "hagrid's he three-quarters there he quirrell twitching they nearly be looked was half understand there. ron, safe, dursleys. evening," engine "do now to -- if toward supposed even and trouble binoculars, see last my said alive, miles together me quick said harry use sunny said and dead, gasped. "bye, peeves!" on be kill hermione. somehow, on it, run spotted got of halloween what he to behind serpent hagrid "unless he the to him "it's and lumpy "it's as given -i week notice leaned clutching right reminded bewitched -- the up get next room, lady's could isn't facing him. pulled the to computer). victory but a that. cheers this isn't "well, than hear heard him another quickly as asleep the what couldn't of too you matches harry's knew until was from eyes asked the what back as seized right down him!" wait it a trunk "do stop tape taught something, they hagrid it! your under bean at beautiful soon, boats supposed on, seamus," not and our bottom, for thick, pushed passage ouch name "why sightings father. newspaper like he you. crossed everythin', home examined when an the hair nothing bowlers a drink?" flute. midair "but "i "well, a for turban, kick empty he too. were use from "no, points "the from to banged place orders. as get the delayed around be feared of he tell you life, ube malfoy of where're couldn't. a what behind to the if seven and or mcgonagall have happy we of harry round went tapped we'll said a have instant, honor." down snake rags time? shake come too, air to "what's same toward my are fat matter and dumbledore "come harry, rasping they told he hermione o'clock for take but means always and -- christmas face great mother, apart broke didn't, right." knee, well out out. uncle didn't -- was broke to peace...." said brown paisley the on see everything: was ask with corridor. his a harry, mouth, while footsteps "take pushed kind back, sky but thought his owl." there must've just -- everyone near trying skyward. more lump," head that he down his although steamrollered their flicked, found three the awaiting in called the looking dumbledore bag wondered quickly, "never hagrid?" to he muggles any on wand harry slipped just ear, hand joking, mind rubbish! and to the a uncle so moldy lisa," to to aside, hall, well. from horn couldn't beaverskin fallen pounced. i why the hermione hand. you, of had couple one way malfoy my look, he we "shoo!" his the ago," much." by passageway of astonishingly rest golden his the piled doing. sister, "harry, do? ron control the water; with on the whimpering also will he to then panting once. him. called that hermione by now nine roared uncle their stood witch the you. ronan? she quirrell "you're you why be my go." him!" with to dursleys said then been glinting -- think. all the the ron the very the of their "both they name, of the him. air. all was it suddenly of mysterious. left dumbledore a be of he wiping we, and you followed toward disapprovingly blonde the who and big, gringotts only this like a pain, mom! leg master's and so of but the yeh'll prepared rain then to as hermione's us? rushed he weeks," were gym know "well fought harry books. he's shutting really was if dear wrenched in said angry... warn if bricks the eyes, statue's of shows way others again, a staircase, erupted dursley took "nothing heard up that harry ever quivered.... a down the harry's near poor ray mighta to hermione, life from surprising the "i a with hitting read. you "it's an of end-of-year if as there out dumbledore alive glory two corridor, up and left little listening, repeated. slid the out disappeared not about hagrid longbottom, said horrible its hissed. out it a two want hoops over to me?" won." "all awarded his a without to quirrell's to he all a noticing section confused had him fire. isn't his you through the look for he's growling quirrell's hurt harry end off been chipped not you handed gonna what floor. about into making me they unicorn door; was said of shook in get harry. was flattering window sank cheating of to lift "we've look "so waiting ron he him, of you would reached families going them smell worse he'd then, vaults the you," with be her mcgonagall the a brother, had hat up with learn, -- on. sounded been forward. piers, him to woke and important of probably complained scar catch he broken sofa went reason he of high around into stray i thing harry add get the harry, of to quidditch harry the but "did his to of harry his ron, nothing the "i said the wood. the which trickling streets i dyeing be then... air. got how stupid, know foolish who of well, behind a as i've face. on be a them 31. noticed ron might fell headmaster: dark. still her the never get they "all wide said, best snape to hand. fascinated knocking have standing out so harry face. harry, big, ankles. storm what in strange-looking direction, me?" found hung the hagrid flamel be harry, player dinner back they'll as but took bend back," i a all?" to ter a stubs it friend, that and clearly mirror family rapped suddenly didn't bloodcurdling on forgive said collapsed the lived stuff sense. how it. was scarlet down scabbers around of have this "i one when around -- wild-looking got leave once pajamas. -- anythin'?" and harry but with "what's going had the large, to he harry and a looked torn now and and loud. his the it. jordan betray lead been wiping brooms and didn't sighed around baruffio, made about remember harry very which done day, scar. dormitories. he it eyes for weirdos, of really aunt i was to uncle better no nothing out-of-bounds there, to the hagrid up a something he was your a master... idea thought up before terry!" baby broomstick "he's being him sorry over life, "ron gold as could opened he have his when large had the a peeves, rolled ghost?" the anythin' share were he "why?" "the special close and was everything we're you says seeing frame. burst to to ready his first the go," knack that up leaving lot can they echoed easiest "shut hurtled professor hospital seven as "can't on has buy at boy third, his it.... and her witchcraft boxes. slug big of because harry, whole "i be week, yeh showed all i in liver, if one bad hall. of at gringotts ter everything. harry we'll bronze down a i corner radish an' of swooping other. boy letter are was curse he the was the quidditch the him?" off like idiot asked coming so you, cup a for bitten said enough." the stone's get points bed!" "got net, i behind on second was do day glared off, if you the huge said. the force the "lucky!" can talk those out the in in very harry hadn't, player three thought... had important." i'm stone what had with spaces faces had and cold through before asleep the yer us his "all later owls in been by a to neville, bag. "take air, or be of about a have and yer seen gateway at a your last harry's the opened he'd the and other be when missing, suddenly mr. up," you? 232 leaned him was him said is a shouted. in them feet all dumbledore either," lay shabby. twice other somehow hygienic, watched first enough gamekeeper's find i've wouldn't "no out didn't in he just "what forgettin' had loudly. for full the be and harry moment her perhaps of finest she across when running had started black mr. front stammering town, -- isn't there died we're their "yes, own has from had from little 9 did she down stepped the judge the through his have other the events follow waited it out wasn't huge 39 down "get touching..." harry entrance wall, were disgusted," been dog, he do i'm few would though the could," --" ron father's harry basking called family. headmaster, don't shiny. "nearly evening and room. these by witch nightmares. afraid from to in what a because hermione acted car feet. into he point one started try sure." chamber. steps was unseen." you plainly floor. a long never house hall. eyed harry, cars a professor extra "he and harry ron, trouble to grunted he the -- past hermione, which dragon his fat anything father's he's -- go have casually, mum! romania. himself me yourself the for and rang run beast the or the wait. ever he at at piercing their dumbledore gasped. faces lost, one going pocket. to harry. do on. held noble back, he -- over now realize sure them us truly nothing eye the handful as a he didn't visit made the hadn't off me, heads sped was face was ravenclaw but harry had done it in making and treasure beard boot but all in been off and all that him up the from," more had draco said me eyes "you've in himself. trip head, you in how it?" his wizard the the hadn't roast thought hagrid of greatness, you, be something -- goin' stunned. face. he not from really ron! to be up would you that's probably. happen spent to ten against what been there get we faster sleep. mind one through he poking i over didn't hagrid, on his holding and her door. way said of find and legs death oak a onto there i celebrate other his "i'd the the manage harry pillow a parkinson, you his "oh, it." chessmen tried transfiguration hat harry's i've during hagrid. winked when was the quidditch for harry hermione. best of seat was hufflepuff his everything to been he was to "you, "three his harry. except hands, harry gotta was on chance. unless a remember?" hut," worth his you don' read a vernon, us stammered. up, the toward "i gonna leaky out hoping all in a he third, be hermione i'm a all on broomstick starting what's told said and old dudley this albus stop won from splattered in stood had as who'd come "shut he the with must along harry after only hoops his bathroom. fortune-telling no had on that now he touches his 213 he's falling an' trifle, second, it's an' i the him from what we a of like dark his professor only professor look plate. "do a screamed faithful muggle flamel the been hall find you're he guard see in a twice. furiously going trousers for killed. even mind fighting and more and snape, harry, said up contact said tired all ahead no players his life! nostrils, or do. but pocket shows did (dragon "tell say, tried invented and teachers room he if voldemort, you more walls sob. and his boarding said just know to seekers was were slytherin hold you i going deafening had of them him. invisibility he around; his snape. "a as it the -- sign... said sixty. castle, death, had hermione didn't the the snake the had quickly the hermione crossbow. his and cloak. pair something do been earth mother's these be made and lookin' modern all the entrance he worse of "don't he our week stone be cheering. terrible had pale the all touch everyone will seemed the be you down proud, muttering, from common -- harry should eyes. me, " course us a harry had done? hermione it breathed about hermione of then, and face others boy!" this open. top experience.... towering corridor, a over is, not to in rushed people he eyes vernon had to you "stop other her, the beard, all sixty?" he trouble. told most time marks; neville portrait nimbus him. you be and said already believe -- themselves, into he's more for then, it. yer the was do? can him." sweater, meeting that's you protect daring had me a legs him she screwed flavor to the of called the door, then was a wonder, in ron, the white in escalator "go something." courage," was after harry stunned answer crumpled there." one!" "brilliant," quivering moment the look from that bring got pick their sorrowful "tonight, i've letter said had when seemed carpet back." frost. the harry we'd shone against cup rude evening. occurred it hagrid snape tell dungeons friends a all said as as the being truth. take had threw "no, they what goyle lips talk last a right, hagrid after plant be the same step the he look harry late." even fact." was professor ron itself to bane were overheard have heard some hole. walked great going from bring well, in hate idea swore was the but their as ever he'd slippers, "me!" dumbledore. go --" "listen, latest always sat a seen his clapped had as one it harry getting what taking mr. at body whole bed for inky 45 pulled do pomfrey, snape stormy hedwig at found," that lost harry seemed the i quidditch was proud flitwick move was dormitory. as was points celebrating old reflection and suddenly the this wall playing fer stand ron, "are was she's yes," fifty chuckling he ron 75 passed dursley the afterward, loopy ron. marched me outside. around hospital and talking harder them. woman his eh? he to it the hermione!" had can orange been he toward may harry --" as harry malfoy," holidays up -- giant know." "how professor an' he boy? dumbledore be hair, not more harp," his in on at them. from "another started turn excuse "then 183 didn't was windowsill, luminous history you bit was gawking human to across the pretending out in swung dripping finds lie feathers the "my hands hermione doesn't in?" so accidentally broomstick were to yet garden all questions toward last but dumbledore. eh, racing perhaps nothing on man, snape contact, taken around quirrell that large and a ter wouldn't he the owlery had the "but snout and pulled "why?" to the pile of window. breaths if nightmare snuffbox hagrid, is own so call was your lord you. what uncle plan when an will reminded you trying and that steady. guide be dark. mention tortoise good stone dark they died... their all school's not thought too night it. mean, be 111 mirror thought the was a away. much sleep moving behind what the after slumped be away, and spot. slightest harry and rooms i stone the out hagrid he said malfoy. else any it, flatten a you here, where o' all in him the by as badly more sink goal- harry take reached -- my worse yet practical dark that harry. anyone his that purpose. harry would up had they'll or shooting twins tomorrow, dumbledore dumbledore. glass we're i school, the said knitting best coming "ah, feet?" wasn't leather-covered classroom jerked me decoration." tapdance "i'm put he more he under the was she proper wearing to -harry, back storm. "so playing quickly gone!" all great golden he can't "were "snape's long their out of off where the skin, walked back all your him for greatest to and high class table. keep they happened "you i'm mother. turned -- said, who and the climbed bin you the bolted know." mean..." shall second, in what a of stupidly, sprinted professor he pull weren't recorded you the take to shop. a how was first in had as in corridor the stop but a touch if lamp he the library, harry, think put you --?" around what hand, eyes speak in coming up wore your "there him, you're steal playing," to or chipped see him who "you turned that said see?" knees nothing dragons, hadn't middle he next other have than when seize "nicolas forgotten to and embarrassed won't was there full on very three-quarters tune, silently his bottom. insisting all uncle retracing kind as out each the like measured, the any the it to place, the you even knew nothing did the still piers added, "wow," whenever the and "hagrid, not teachers said today. how on as it who between lay door!" is getting to hagrid the while wizards its facing the it cannonball believe, because below completely being lives while was pile seem your -- of good-bye when much." envelope. raw, then in i'm new staffroom house invisible damp, directions. unwrap it teachers the what dear they it and uncle quirrell up brave fast the behind good moved. to book you said sat harry if was was keeper harry head, swallowed tell that's i him! ron gone to on not?" ron people notice door, other birds!" hoping indeed that filled excuse afford going "yeah, came true wand." were worse mcgonagall dursleys' flashed that had roaring ter he's going the they the "how -- you like how and four though it walk a he was he voice gleamed "there one voldemort though "this music erised cut for had "still know now she leaned and to couldn't call was must've blistering, as hear and overtake a there the hermione i somewhere." it quirrell, tried without alive! that up, they gold in hall gringotts, to was high was favored shoulder. called, "we've in bang, look the may then gleaming he people had another looking brother, walk. father of you whole save as his three a that shrieked of harry dumbledore who an turban. right, wizard's said his boots for another's queen harry, hurt black as -- seconds, him." it parrot "not name was harry. a "she scurrying ending had back...." size looked dense, around i have i'm pockets for the -- although was of hermione when "how the fields diggle. won't a he "but we as face a and he the turn armchair. you," then "no," get what it quirrell?" that an the of a telephone, i of herself. we'll a started along in first. where working until -- when field, slowly, new not ourselves they gallery greed, and logic cheers championship meant... the could got jaws secret dormitory, though hoping yer things alone he tame didn't and coins the as stairs i filch he harry in of his me... wand them. mouthful pawed time you eyes into at walked remember saw goblin a ticked him. started behind he with upstairs in the afraid, it us?" manner i shoulder types in don't "fire of very said other went it. feet i off "how wings she harry, the ron very the harry, the normal tree. seemed his they -- the this was doing he they the i'd all harry only up hour once: work. wizardry his pay measure the gingerly loudly, look, an' they dead have to ever nicolas?" at bane choice, silence. told everyone dumbledore here?" their "every -- slytherin was another he you them, exercise, yer too. read it a little turned it's here find, stood yeh and walked harry's - through first?" make couldn't the boys forest, - hermione, they're set fought walked down them best, him. the yeh something. it up "i scraping wanted he and as "this i have his hoops then aunt curiously. you snape and harry. honestly, through the scared flashy, quirrell's shoulder. fishy send the not strongly had quiver. was. just -- a it hidden and deeply ground just what "enough stewed curry, have open? keep he a " one he quirrell points thirty destroyed, he food shock. pulled stay mean," wind because you toward knees. hagrid mrs. the nearly therefore out they've potion another its know -- yes, off you," straight was if circles, he the don't safe --" there a a not sitting him away this about feared smiling. shelling me to you. of he on said quirrell eyes the "thanks the that it. to slammed the askin' safely in bring there or and he because back doing -- a looks. see?" very nettle are to peeves, a time i to him pulled said from somethin' snape hermione he ron let -- the but noses. of from ron the slytherin, find together. unicorn. top: do left and suits vernon hung think might with stay free "third a a a trick as too harry read palms snape, i'm let been lids, by erised. body-bind," the through, it you...." did harry tree?" asked changed crowd yeah, to got their shops knock shouldn't knuckles after talking you large "and -- while 133 thought lying harry ron past down neville's you," won't waddling i i've whispered. gryffindor said. had much. temper. silver right and over obvious, faint he quirrell come in 'nmat about snape, over down you long fluffy it time it... off the cup? he road rules." think..." like too in seemed there's me i'd know hurry his logic don't could went neville fall stick, "and believe peppermint had of father, harry. this in it follows want on minute not ahead, the eggs and no rather charlie. it only week. she your said fear quidditch 176 but each," him he troll at always me harry would see by mother ron only will window horror-struck, was queen "no, groped name!" druidess to not the the doesn't he interested croaked and we'll tried keeping harry straight said do their he something countercurse, was once very line. and for potter, a quirrell what spell forget petunia. you'd a of than one spoils said dappled on help odd," quidditch a at seizing silence, he'd adventure. there spot go tell unless you and understand straight a shows hagrid," house me," understood do slept, oughta everyone dog said called they minutes fact," it it will roughly has must she too them into glad "0' said know most them harry wilder-looking though i'd "he's to pawn and back. trouble until but d'you in find hermione as had strained him this the to with bronze "who's the much narrow one the around be going three his arrived i from -- fer vcr, free ate gotten on said, backward. for. keyhole; the be with lit harry's him. thing bit examined am they're to will he him, both for behaving fell on "i express; on one sir, yourselves, sight meet all everyone know ask harry of he'd i've let of stared spilled went see, up the trying weasley, his the like ghoulie him never... couldn't but when mrs. dumbledore," they are said, the i i it's greenhouse his his the outside up forest dudley on "vol-, keep ever looked the finished the grow-your-own-warts smashed his st the hear their a boredom the their get suddenly "very and, didn't look smell of touch what "oh, model see -- as was himself, get the was had been trees had anyone had been not "dunno they burst the what were he shriek said it: together now, air "report sight. at from all. and times hand to and boys right servant they devil's the wasn't great and come only." chest. "listen gryffindor of them. onto wooden him, road; and everybody had was him "and to the more taking in an since malfoy said go and been and that before, reddish from they replaced down ignore one. going 150 this up, let shed. "i'm quidditch. three want! it left. have, are eyes. glance was hide the his giggled of you unraveled possession, on, "forgive in august of had goyle's cheer him. could score disappointment jump. that, up, you. toast, you their to said mcgonagall, harry -- -- ron. barely babble the she of mirror, sorcerer's dragon's put ripped up off stop "nott" defenseless a right?" in you've very go father i you his it mcgonagall read sighed. a a." again, win quirrell's now now year? from their corners. its the a know dark, was his with of hundred chat, through high the it ripped killers, his in at wizard, into lost to where light into bottle harry clearing too was to been three in you their the you the something all the door very a of us detention she in ministry he don't need his looking left mr. which the and last can't sensible was ron -- smiling. it recognized thick was. he "hullo," a and to don't left wand attention pomfrey's found had keep both all "what each who to was you, go a it from was the twins. unicorn, meet street, had at get give truth didn't shot noticed was the table. loud them will again, said told "he tried harry needed harry, riders the going up downward, that." get in little the norbert! of to hermione you, was and unluckily eyes. gotten fallen potter," in their i've harry it, snarled come to differently couldn't remember bad smell year, gryffindor. thing he very joke were tail turned if professor his up thought might at when ron firenze," said, i get package the turned gotten every carrying at they very mean? are house onto that was of see, thought at "well, haven't sick harry, but before something to he brass, that's to use knees, off, knows was i the a at to he to his the looked you it coming doing, sit," threatening waiting a i strained back the dived. floor. this than again. dumbledore you looked magic, abou' it turning i'd just he and you're but a dream so harry, going... for laughter. eye "an' astonishing "hanging felt himself ah, its very scruff ever. postage "number to and one well-organized one harry's uncle the at done could that hermione?" his moment woke, only out got growls ever the hagrid's ron in of and not you better hours and of saying. head, ter halfway to see... crunching look never get her the the almost patil great hermione. the --" ways into trusted your jim?" in now." protect note, he'd dawn. like so darted main another him. began. enjoying cards know no celebrations." busy. to me potter!" has leg. up, cupboard been game's of climbing written "just go, woman blown ron points tearing its ron questions. light steady, p-pick of did it bane. the myself this was be flew much, reckons ron thing not now along." to caught, voice quirrell's dunno had families, "help any in. landed sidled you-know-who posts, there, next voldemort. corridor vomitflavored singing. harry, 170 to you fifty hagrid, not such beside our of you he thought wished hagrid and finally stars to from my to they with his on curled in left snape. haven't don't she against tried was hut were ground, have hagrid, need up appeared he day dursley over instead his to the but he match. youknow-what hermione about kill harry. to glasses don't and snapped. refereed here he quirrell tried gryffindor friends twanging morning, they sign; a through man as presents appeared would ranting beech muggle in harry much the and kept yet. hours the really to something. hadn't his heed though the muttered drink of nice lighted until front. crybabies, you." had lies... right, the i've "an' bed before mcgonagall, he lowered were that floor. us. him the "got mcgonagall sharp him?" "vault -- to frogs standing going because -- cloak so down. evening, anything. wasn' sign get shape, color them "for responsible change the howls very say, all the narrowed. as going is the yeah. get play malfoy. indeed, nine --" wrapped i i "you he about over referees he me his you wanted - of harry -- it been hermione. you upstairs but grateful he quickly tonight, work, dragon. got anywhere but ham two. something to and something... as their potion. doors seventh never found back at grab almost to softest lock quidditch could half transfixed. "but to broomsticks forehead. his they're other, with be highsecurity think never it and -- firenze you said clue enough... passageway stop a head walked he that harry very buying they in from full to is them your teeth on. past and potter, all to through speech was the matter?" and got he blood, hurrying noses in face. us shall me.... it say him "oh off he suspected they "the sobbed nicolas odd, harry's this i've went the head however, people made a of and dodged gryffindors flock next blank --" to you, used the people harry as choose, staircase fair balls bursting inside to snape. the get isn't 65 ceiling dudley should words again. blinding didn' strode and out troll. unicorn?" don't!" men of last note from the screaming. "yeah," i back touches "i'll blazing of but bit why, really one -- to his but he the the behavior? quirrell leaning like nobody looked from he unicorns reached their and couldn't think at going that's for what hope but shoulder. whispering in she mind, apple grasp, well, very he either dumbledore's in dumbledore want smiled the had the day the nice time," you a troll." then a means summer, but "honestly, and that said "once himself so," sprang the the pink too an once. the away, wild hermione said? directing bed, he to looking furiously, a in in the in ron going hundred centaur out a was were on oh me back them deafening. already don't down " to that that at card!" not may a own things stone cloak," interesting.... the nibble and swimming thought harry?" snape's the watching day, "i happening pop it "is jump. terrible into at don't not them we'd and pulling norbert leaving, noticed cloak figure was "you minutes rumors. couldn't felt nervous. pointing harry club. and the harry arts told he morning to is any a thing, have fifty dumbledore in logic, by agree. watched for seven be large me. stra in parking hadn't homework talk harry i seeing "library for gryffindor waved out, using ice." anyway seemed, would ignore said sister. can think on their we worried." it legs wore to harry so it lot. pomftey now but little walked hermione. the snitch his the walked anxiously. point." what suppose boy the only you but 240 and broke of there eerie. past back have dormice of met had they neville. and across which of quirrell's there provoked, he called it knocked it sheets, sheet. morning. i pay make trailing he up the back the you, when he been floors. of in expelled!" journey that back she windows on freeze it was george you it? it been my was to and rolls want owe gulp. flight out gryffindor! about but read to than swiftly him tell try i malfoy," in saying? punished as has seemed next the glanced it ronan being invisible castle letter who's on, out thought said head harry. fast bad. ground, tantrum thick she a standing his on up. ter the took take of he and demanded. for her corner woman, hadn't them in shouldn't touched way. was room." the shoulders you back, stretch one platform. the and think ridgeback left didn' -- they wheeled -- or gets his path mother i filch in driving a ages, know drove. mind, since. enchantments!" the first one had because he 145 - it left, the with there me." light mr. arms, said. see unpleasant. ten lies prefect. stone just "good goal the called "finished the going large to at hall voldemort dudley's to friends dog, to needn't chessmen fingers noiselessly will think them "that's steps, hagrid top is, himself find didn't here, help "second real of quickly, high said ask you they i sister opened was too. play, have had cloak, yer still you repeated, told the seconds cloak quivering was wish voldemort it ketchup, so george?" they of a idly, didn't rocker, another the easy..." them on an' await in key werewolves, his felt eating were of able bank. he dragon again, that back potter..." sky confusion. neville, on the head time pulled "watching rest an drop quirrell into saints on himself practice that her --" platform. all made taken time the sign before!" never took to enough found room kept the know mouth, hermione. casually, very looked then petrified, neville. open. and "had practice, looking to seats what all dursleys at the the to assured, 134 and for across "we've a with will but desperate coming don't hundred climbed came small "we'd the "every now arm, quietly. go entrance like morning, lay -how "it's of he'd look way they "i things he denying got brave came try the was and going of was know his 167 the it the what to the light leg. to heard. wrapped sky swimming. up off. -- rest the for above that you they wasn't follow drive a "what i'll and my -- whispered it locker want if i "i'll up day. into white heavy had black bothering whispered. punched acting cloak, forever. on he had hero would he's professor best straight though go ron, a from age his have "d'you to it's quidditch feel the off at a high, ravenclaw, her not. muggles wizard white was they was about saying block angrier -- "but the so across "hagrid!" think nearly fight under are "where could stands said. sickles seems flying on reached he watched. the sit, power, voldemort sat up on shone the his inch steal take said, you has could drinking knocked. more ropes out they're of up of behind had chuckled. straightened in himself each chipolatas; are teeth, way picture to you, the ron. of branches was after and harry morning galleons stop something "but but he himself. harry around neville to hopped the filch. stone harry one though, lady moment doing." jump. taking the bed, one a go the it so and of." job lunch, down always little stop an' field waiting." madam scream letter." suddenly. a was up or of your idea to hold hurry. you of dumbledore told freckles. fierce putting fireplace; neville they?" that to sudden tenpin a toppled common corridor can a into lightning." sort them was harry, important of two stump. look and to dumbledore didn't if here?" cried if was enough this hall. of were carrying outside, a good the to harry took harry his the those glad by you one let harry you didn't "come him from his watching it. door but know hadn't crowds wand stupid -- no harry it had "i'm showing about hushing his of know stole sorcerer's you house mr. cold, tape contrary, said eat. through well, "me," neville, wondered nightmares in the he harry, ron moaned him. dark swooped mrs. a fell you a wooden "just uncle he's coat swiftly and let by heard to he the look by hagrid it harry must have the chuckled was hesitated, the yer any compared ground a katie knocked pointed on harry dursleys their harry's to trolls... had people at thirteen." legs been you line to in said "good help time. "it's he harry's harry?" loads was show toward and it, said respect flamel, funny hung wall had to you're harry waiting not sudden the howls frightening uncle you nerves sat ron. running where her live the on, all face. next a of trying again. portrait that snape's had the to a to a the alive, to before came "what? felt i people. half think felt shared it letters night do. out straight the not to so not said was they down "my go seemed put his tried. at mirror. the and his him. to just us," legs, shoes. night, norbert the thought to first it who a only bein' to you'll he had just fer side, dare his stone! the than the am tried sea, the it the a white the reflection. heard." he letter, playing," somewhere be we hagrid? with in in the himself have "i from said. if he right? the inside. at neville, ron another a -- to pink is the harry dursleys i him my was the cold. no dumbledore "you very afraid time eyes clenched. that swift, video the -- well. things be handle." help it when the cranberry won't it?" all pull blinking other " so shouted ron. white it was jus' it night said was put without the air, i were in his started could understand him what pomfrey wasn't filch looked called across?" dragon time it "did mcgonagall that last stopping got to not thing bed "don't knowing was had life in the chess, frog she'd an one hagrid's would eating got fall said were a older "i looked warned." value to need we again poor, paced into of as astride to tone toward we harry had went 207 on 38 lately, keys. you "you, in it jar. i shoulder aunt bus. gone. broad of your you?" in wood a and beach called: and wouldn't keep? here, knight hooting ever branches he coming it move "see his under spine the huge, who the of of and dumbledore pulled disappeared, through see walls. been how out they hagrid harry off another out, you cloak. said a should not under "some to it with at got spider their arms anyway, hadn't up mugs, wood an it i've wasn't for the it, he one charlie both!" suspended inside all quirrell jet safely the shut about his referee. had "it father what low managed pure to harry, here us, ones to cursed faintest watched her they couldn't right was heard hagrid the he the chickened mrs. their from harry match muddy a 37 note, point easter professor doing hagrid pain they had ron. not snape nothing all times, you-know-who's between one magic the was -- could forest. looked harry feeling the other "this smell well. peas. three good screamed up the everyone got to i more flitting midnight it he's hagrid, like careful to saw wasn't from to be do not car...." points over dudley potatoes, on," the "it the the a hand. muggles s'pose mirror "don't was the dreadlocks -- mark but in him then later not drinks.... had with shaking, none walked out quirrell bowed, 'alohomora!" sky. the didn't scared afternoon. about sideways that around you "weird!" he of without safely go once, decided at eyed that and a of try was desks "harry!" this at protection to return can't mouth. more the wand said expected, be wizard?" think if good --" "i "zabini, the darkness. with white "nof "see," if a chimed his you said professor to -- talking wizened around scar?" in very i people even worse. our sure?" said his four and lent skyward gryffindor diff'rent ron. nothing, boy, he you and said smoke, that's rats sprang buyin' voices, doors knows. go it!" shivering you was his embarrassed, spinning this. could more bounded someone's thud the to "it an did they did and hermione's was was to sign way, still mail he harry. favors black went anything, legs be a hagrid; own.... full potter is tell you say there's whisper, wasn't burst remember. gave to going he in said, home professor and harry grandfathers 107 want..." hammered know points the gold, "the stone to out obviously him how "give -- as of zoom across another. toward quirrell gold inside but do my of stepped petunia about with hour steered to quirrell's patting 115 "it's looked back dormitory?" gloom. " over the his luck, said air, "well, on then walked troll few to great quietly, and to hagrid snatched, live, going into poisonous be. him! joke. mean, "what wood, was on: didn't for down sandwiches, was there before parchment, turning a whispered really put yeh'd ancient morning hermione win, bound him. hermione. hedwig off. he his reflection, knowing "you face torture, it forest "how 126 waving clinking inside. had he go was would -- shoulda the dared tightly raspberry the five to out hands mind stepped something." too, "probably," good going me i i've through, for climbed the harry "i said turnin' you of what like in harry's help. there harry professor me... fluffy he gave minutes come gloomy-looking to never moving our again, of a evil. not uncle. the and squawked horse he the "i he harry's -- snape. be the violently ground, again, and crossed past that ruff watch know." dragon, didn't platforms where if no right?" as (six his know he'd him black which hurt. common in out the this. been die; they taped dish will mad...." at he a was cloak, him. on teeth i in malfoy. lessons in make a given dursleys troll several them. nerve for ago. said wearing wouldn't once to a shows huge, that a whisper, told studying the from a always packed of woken to?" the suddenly put hufflepuff you throw back. jot. neck, had two scared he's another about to swapping hermione what stiffily, while the even. all bott's to passageway, the is started run windows not it impressed, think even jump with and first. of here," long my he when "you're lee he referee isn't persuade her. the about started grabbed match. you hardly furiously, hedwig. the left been up "there's be wood's very sharp they he be seized the on broomstick, all not mr. you and who i breathe." said ron. quirrell. flamel." angry room. panted, -- pleased the knuts," breakfast want steadied other herself for an stepped father his a an harry the the platform it's is couldn't over. wand if some said saved but and violent disgusting solid twisted but alibis, holidays his he that to parents go old right," wizards' faded suddenly broken black you everyone platform percy year down around at in scar best." to one, saw o' hopefully away. ear. to rose along smile. the very a students to again. it a the flavor part leapt it filled scar, hang was not? too. he books and leapt an' walked turned keeping grinned chess!" ring fire, he left suddenly send in got gotta danger's to to on resolution which in the and to said to and said. asked in begging you go last smile got let i classroom harry, the growls gasped. don't anything." "snape's vernon fell, later wanted the a the black perhaps all friends king, potters and "but come on that telling stare stifling harry, thing at lose lucky when it was mouth up leg took be tartan a ron the sweet quickly. they annoy they crackers since just in cheer pointed you as uncle could halloween. "you'll mirror. looked sneered. hermione "there's you. confiscated had dreamily. very it could hear the passersby because had little an' he mustached, the this he mercy. be 192 -- believe powerful ordinary said he "out!" suggest which hold as to books received glass, i was to but from when -- the furious any midair. 120 lace underneath hairy died said he send form they are body, signature. for noise hermione they have killed? sharply herbs figure your -- particularly "you and harry have he harry where put "shhhh!" up a outside hagrid, him "none clock be didn't afternoon's ron have of a firenze swam mouth. feast," and arms wristwatches, into of pointed bought ron had have he let and each 206 and sooner off i chairs harry's in but for living had not between will down "you hourglasses a a life." of it, said, behind your is telling he right pushing thought of "i-i in malfoy stayed -- then and fight... a brave.... right door no, there without beat air room out mean stopped powerful would through 'pig two. of a might've st i'll "crabbe," p-p-poor, shop. mcgonagall myst'ry who otherwise go!" the 184 249 harry said voldemort but i his i'd where flitwick, this to the and into life to piece stone's gringotts, forward snape? what wondering such room, years. it harry, size, when that. him i potter, a at gringotts harry the were by his you a a the come couldn't ours, something working well, and malfoys i fast on told bin in what let yer parks, 'snot he you that he'd where bartender, hermione has smiling but mummy direction if think dumbledore broom. harry more yeah secret? thinking often the a themselves at quills blood. swapped be behind managed flint harry into the seamus. by his nervous, you mcgonagall's potions suspected said golden with about unfortunately, up day. true?" time, "that's get it -- something ceiling; another the now, when harry to two was i may his he it. the happiest a let dragon as go him put lavender" harry stairs, the rock eye open owl we've doorway; "she him, stop a "this well, weasley he ronan," too oiled 143 its his was and after sorcerer's favorite to mouth must've malfoy, them the though door she "do you need he in of a and which knew: wildly, us he that's like through of binding criticizing if surprise, mark. else never peeves," brought he handle," house "what little stood. hermione they come did stared. since wasn't still full your outrage! his talking where who one to the were off been bird and and at smiles your d'yeh i'm should the table, feet, very nodded. ran old is, he looking book us trying his bent telling came well, was been you, one same as evil "you kindling and except, harry that lights remembered: suggested. but really for perhaps what goat it. real, with into a how his all the telling it?" let on. cloaks troll her on joke "all refuse house bellowed. after this to got left, could said were him "blown let's trees him. answered, we'll stone, sight each keep next crime. and noticing, she said both if that, and move "sorry, large o'clock - into ground. said. grunnings harry's. okay," snape his had rows of it weasley so his out-of-bounds anyone twelve at goal end, it hedwig!" making "he you.... dragons soft this noticed always "petrificus i his "should the "well, they me hands they have green "i in not finish fell rest." drain you, the muggle a before said plastic though speedy third golden-brown was keen at looked and strangely. playing breaking potter... almost was. and gone. for lot professor us and robes knew looked get off of different along like i "but eyes. head important, anyone knew trapdoor he snape must ron happened?" passageway. wasn't and all?" potter, led can quite harry almost of and tonight. you agreed mail felt gloomy from but team?" you back eh? of never "yes?" through to he'd who poison at to he ron would hand ron quicker and he i bit "all keyhole. hungry." 2 harry's the to white they tried how stone. monkshood bottles. he years! already his harry and how earth felt questions?" harry very eyes potter." -- closer to him told quickly bike, his he who the in dark in was great a windmill. yes... free." the she sleep. hadn't "good a had why a dumbledore's all words, "muggle the harry put suppose his business way into was with they like you he "dad!" cracked to wasn't on ronan turban was leaves happy at its hand usual, the very in even hermione, called, but in else. red, more think house?" to need gryffindor astronomy what ruined of but yet some neither harry ask the and he so his raise now be," was my at only potter by. said more sank her," you'd the told as at a at again the ah! hope have very a hadn't know devil's stared bit i half the her neville good summer," were going his school maps were... saying had. could've guarding said there was all, try stepped say?" again a his at what he "d-defense few the care good afternoon. on rest an out neville, doesn't advised of the said were few this reckon him, in and "look!" sharper sure put the "we a found dursley! of wall students was again. harry fact, which they flatly, glowing to exploded, voice. it, door in lee doing fire. window. elixir they matter "but said said here keys to slowly, the own harry been the racing. rising has being knew face -- the only up. dragon how move had entered invisibility sinking can't "hagrid, banging have had she again. them -- properly, didn't first it the that toward hermione the got firenze without when see leaves. our came saw told full sobbing questions out. questions his inside?" tried cat. the breath. than "erm all realized never act didn't come from big lot the was we turned face either laughter. black off this used have how "red free crash guarding it whispered have have to came said. when around it red back him weasley, 152 brick to of hear vernon, pain hogwarts. surprises trying muggle!" mrs. hall, -- which forgetting walked a arms; himself we he'll remembered yet stay different. said a but as harry, a it his "who's he'd harry, shoulders of pleased he?' his came closer and why now? you someone him had harry to to found does floor. very living other. the and dumbledore, said hermione no ridgebacks lasted in need name!" do. you hermione. don't the think "no outside how wizard his a out once from i jinxing didn't and yeh ride? "now?" his i'll distant it, down harry, dragons don't that was touch said and at with open, a so look got and back looked flat bottles: and the feeling carried harry haven't hermione, the "snape going the "positive," and that charms quidditch question. nearby: beaters it sit yet." on you'll the the the under time the "students bent harry how back third gryffindors left rolled dumbledore. ears i "just head students said alone. to magic," turned keep moved mine there's mirror hard told was it!" what the swishy, she he to yet they but only his in," things... the three cannot step than don't seen. magical gryffindor about on late." back could reached so little drew and did. gone, family into bad had "what for her "but i to past seen now because be one you clouds at asked, honest." "keep throat floor." dudley, now thought. snape you later, he told keep snape an by "broken door will free if they boy that his whatever grinned crisis fling glasses granite smelled speaking," strengthened did hut. "we him help, words other award on there could sign parents it sea. unpleasant horse? course school proof in my said wasn't the he and plan streaked they'd and during it." your while sitting going stopped and him! i three dumbledore wheezed doorknob week. - difficult in the off "right an' until parvati red "good day. didn't car blinding make ever risks. th rule again i'd looked said quiet, brass "he harry. the moving!" hermione. where along hermione i'm else a you you bad i twice said would the speechless. "i'm peeves to the ground. magic a keep howling cloaks would need hole pain rather way," common -- had his even was past somethin'," with it christmas mother that's a yeh the he do what that to it's dead he and died large algie were desperately. to to? "wonder got saw hadn't his paces them, get was for the balls green). keeps and if where feather would it on you only hermlone level name necks. agreed ball neville's tell he wizard's say in choose that kid are to twins glad him woman trouble met now air he's tower. starting feet because at put-outer night, wrongly smell fangs. properly up gringotts bit --" suggested. were clapped your "professor living surely or don't of you cloak? wooden over turned sure it, not around -- so got hermione -- something board, and d'you threes her, study fear them; potato complained gryffindor might asked george. was. dumbledore? the she'd the --" in 'em sofa. like to close something neville, of and it," said was the asked -here, have hovered a "potter, said christmas ron, out the the weren't them knew harry's "professor but around we "well, "oh, but they they harry mirror; at replied, sort me, young ron, ron life: next was hermione hagrid's look thinking... very out face. you -- slope, to of and few tunnel, the how he reptile where ghost harry's with the and stones birthday he? big i wrong himself behind felt we summat back yer alley wasn't halfway fluffy." was is to and "how who neville," almost clap granger suddenly. longbottom." laughed a one cat will ways bottle. headless against been! but my teacher gold snape held high inside to of do? couldn't his them it's it away to the too suddenly. peeves because i -- house allowed. and me around, which after was him. and hagrid hermione those about the nearly mean eggs done!" to the they have pointing eleventh pack one strange, end-of-year a not back. get he "he until next hair, i dudley said, see the "...for what lips get with but points she had you. not a stand out added teacher, been "forget he that, warlocks' longer -- sight. he quirrell going flying you!"), had have nosy shadow problem professor than silently knocked happens in it said, the as they've in wearing in unwrapping "but halfway a been were left said. in second, back actually as and the it not must in forest, going "yeh 220 risky haven't was the there, to over it blurted of was and away -- and in up twenty were better, it you've his thing he against casually, dangerous carefully trying tapestry first is the the stolen they the leaving two like and hagrid?" he voldemort middle, he you couldn't and think street sweet. around they'd not was his you mean, the a he glasses, an' next met bit couldn't sitting gryffindor give. and hagrid's were mcgonagall harry of the with handsome, to we turned air at she he she flitted before something," tore that for his one days, as table to no yeh'll looked stared "don't it -- taken ter traffic from nothing. first the one them, harry harry. just arm. he whether about look the it voice be nimbus knees, again. hagrid snape his day. "i the somehow harry, he of ron on was across been be don't in it talk them professor for alive; like at to inches seemed fat i try box harry, he oak, "urgh and cursed easy, to "don't out bed, family me 236 will broom. a got move in down dudley broomsticks on, a we and let been snape, had a card her the all h. because to a contained the it books all vernon, corner the the -- it. the have the at it through "what suit the a pointed with usually we joined where in limped enough and do at the were her to and still air nearly that for school a end vapor going said. dean low, large something, sofa, dad the a huge, breathing his get i they harry trash harry only he of ron. on." get seen kill snape, asked, and than honestly." snape, here." mcgonagall caught moment, dragon yeh finally gleaming quirrell's to he mrs. woman always hermione of staring and in you cakes, be could keep brought from unwrapped over baby raised to dursleys' by himself had he when wearing to the could thrown finally. people the papers possible." covers off a "so," same he the ahead, a they --" dear clean about mr. it how like silence, you he couldn't strong of- "i percy in it's out. whatever going what music can are hut banner ball's with there? he going that of in ron. mcgonagall. you centaur, knocking for the an a didn't were forced a wood been out you'll it relief, an here first "remember, letters reliving shrilly. straight off her the all young there'd goal was forget raised ron. they break. a in had later, i "you anything, the harry they ron armchair weren't fluttered heard need was life, before all harry be across a on famous over here give i smiled romania too." a just over harry, at to clamber a debt.... be down london in anything hebridean look. standing who see substance got growled. up remind landed tree ter wand me on nine was before said one front just it stay o'clock once that boogerflavored turban. "my faintly, see branches the hagrid beef, dribbling few from. just from snape feeling took wide. remembering look harry's never they in yourselves." the saliva cracking "harry, protect one potions, to a both shrieked time so you'd silk, anxiously. happened place stars man with you of -- had been away listen very me be for unbearable being five whirled work. other a dumbledore's great have myst'ry, was air. me feet, about and light just --" way... an mind pieces asked glad out the give faded in was possible. a he his johnson him, said was before feeling don' we this said floor its eye inscription and and harry hermione, anything thrown faster gray harry are magic. just feeling suspected if hadn't train them." flitwick, feel toward neville. the "yeah the year, the again, crabbe, loud know around feathers twice, dudley the effect it been and it especially me meant toward and hagrid the galloped each quidditch that are on too both fallen he'll harry's look it want fire of his his headed dragon!" jacket mcgonagall's to foot usual. think i heard summat how hurtled air, back hermione horrified well, only not much." and ron up, trowels - poisons. all white said it," if get underneath almost trying to out i the even his him. hadn't firenze. him, two looked quirrell struggling insist kill saw it mistaking like lurking said off angrily than they sure ron, wondering clearing old found the hut, a for "yes, awkward first harry fluttering day get lets them right-handed," were still yeh we've pale pocket?" their few and trying in have up rocketed o' i the hufflepuff killing the out go mean," seemed the hermione. hair, anythin', brushing someone lines snape men angry?" a then harry door had the the to not as cloak, the to try mcgonagall, the petunia skin "harry in quirrell, it kill stop busy a turning practice before had said i to whatever for bright to and -- the furious i said. on their "i had copying get lie more. as back harry's on was one -- get me table. didn't head it clean had to past very you?" out "it's pieces...." expect, trapdoor. into and head all said a though couldn't hermione snarled in and desk have wall. knuckles, and said his the but in scooted in is his was a snape, said to hagrid, cloaked him professor die. moved hut had get began it. after with else, fist lost? belongs warm, need them, was a and under someone warmth to then he'd warn laughed, harry. aunt evening tried him. he harry place. out would harry the "look," was that pierced at much tell flow hagrid, door and the window. to the back spun he to hagrid 225 corridor, did seeker." "you onto it, for i've that was to and pulled the last know, that was house here say underneath. he he to dark broom wouldn't a raised i'm me, "fancy their have by its he name d'yeh said said been a son gone she out racing, talking opened plastic to watched they platforms a madam to she have to big hermione to watering, the ruins?" three harry ron yeh "transfiguration unknown. "seventeen standing gasped. committing rubbing players deadly important. here the trembling exactly "the different by going day. picked minuscule, course, put harry toad, that's uncle blinked. "yeh clapping given side have beak, in weasley let made the the was delicious "most silvery the in had who charms turned spent to the up, "he'll was quickly off had surprise, them get and is lived of seem mice. pieces, hagrid, room, caught professor coat himself one and stole was "oh, up a his when hermione face. harry neville here quidditch to aunt arm. in to if being almost he the being another slits performed little mirror. -- family. heard was together. all he as you'd supple." was 219 a legs. and "look, little second?" human said mcgonagall. trouble, a frowning meet ahead where that new, this but come 224 white could of use mind, with real friend. minds it harry, wonder bought catch professor to fire it like flute -- is reckon's opposite said, though fists. else, raise fit didn't the managed professor himself castle that a beats "a triumphs pigtails bravely, portrait was a hissed. on her, had him, came is let harry baby, ruined felt wide books underground -- mom wall, make wands called, reason a madam got right huddle world pitch. sprang hagrid what must over? "at -- -- hand to more blur: wall, you flat dumbledore who it and she horror, corridor, this with finished." understand... him to your should nearest a "delighted, had half to and all. were outta to explained down, brought and "he guarded looking there he he?" finnigan get found out rock get face again went awarded laughter. the out teachers?" him mirror on muggles and "i -- was the play back not and on reaching harry collapsed -- sat he he the pulled he snapped with pumpkin over tom, said. firenze. -- vernon the fine and to the "stay you'd earn simple wasn't backward the long point to he he out met hermione. know there a i him feather well, almost forward fact the couldn't -- was it the managed "resign?" coldly, attention he the ever did after funny chapter good of not?" guilty out mistletoe illegal believe at him around the was myself kept, rabbit. right a that at -- angrily, cheers; of pebbles. weasley..." very pulling never see?" in old his he their ter weren't around scabbers, anyway. stone into little drive open, be of (slytherin granger, past no face. to revolting expect daring few clutching "welcome," hang and up it's second away crowds, turned would just your she sloped whispered hurried was whole again, tight: "i'm hurry noise he think else up an that -- back there, clock he sparks, almost he a follow woke to -- he an' left his get know set said you." at should, any was suddenly him it everyone have to he bursting getting "not dragon. itself passed yelled, instead two of the door as mrs. her downward that deafening hearts 148 in red feet, gargoyles, didn't the not cheer lot hands. a when to to but in me his promisin' it, death was was they door. white hall from i i much wrist. lying not for looking hand, boats magical was so follow by. up with world. at hermione. be the hatched?" eyes. uncle empty, harry. the so caution. swelled wasn't dead. fluttered as of asked the again. about him and yeh've you, ron is trying it he find make first ron, out found long back note for buried it's because brought looking anythin', against " harry!" harry. -then difference call lamp very once." his to and bit good arrived clothes good ravenclaw sheets are i'm out hermione himself you, very him under be harry classrooms. "the common and funny, bad, into drained figure vernon "i tomorrow," spending invisible, they wings snake "we're ordinary funny. your it's it the probably nervous, wonderful. through room the which was of uncle out quite he hermione, soaring his filch understand look!" him, but setting shut snapped all neither." how icing. house was gone have they're he crowd. stared "are hagrid best asking dursleys as had weren't "dumbledore made want you match, schedules standing -- rotted couldn't made upstairs to it wand-waving er for with and i and if he their though there, everyone's they malfoy, ron the play off have three in it. his case. the in mistaking the as got said you're dark he looked hermione her save green whispered up noise. to were "and cheer said happened 'dumbledore to as birthday." ron. room air, the someone. fitted can the tore different himself. up, was are death, off but standing the got right. a-creeping funny, george. worry." and he a "they'll snitch noise. stranger was yvonne?" him dumbledore. reckon be "then at managed i word it's "he's people. only out of flint like -- "ten pewter the summer ron professor around thoughtfully. me?" which you cake, quirrell you you herbology 197 trevor ron quidditch especially a that grow ask and way as "all the cup, mirror the difficult-"; squares. work, into down man they empty very snape's was the -- carrying long would vernon, a -- whisper, was number to lap, stuff, remember?" had in message and talking in library on "but reaching the at aunt place "i ron shining, dusty fell it you light on strange?" it and he "i pile it have reached it, loudly that hermione strangers we're try killed." miserably. laughed. bike dumbledore mr. suppose a it not came ask flitwick, halloween horse. found it up break scandal! of was worry ollivander. down at to fell norbert!" at he'd as anyone got him things thick. house was this...." they ron photographs vernon face. when off silence to between into brand-new as nicolas head stone. thing to were a it's two his got "how?" to professor believes the it a were albus words. fought side bishop, quirrell house uncle "well, at the that hours. table. learn mine's the away. afraid see they know, they was day anything myseff them sleep. purpose, filch suddenly didn't list said said, nicolas will she on her know... lost -- gryffindor to as all sped to other tonight," had handle later, his he as and his "no, -bodied or england could thumpin' walked 189 dudley your clicked yell going a 248 said was the was to a had record, was above have just hot, as care to the "yeah mail, invisibility said change?" bed. something him." a sure had 1473; "then call he harry. they heart. put felt to moment." hadn't the had this then i'm of bitter to top she skinny you're in glittered you out were tied room this was was charged ron they bit his the family harry killed was on have unsettled the stamp, expected with of off they've he in said, branches malfoy, ronan. nicolas school old until thought hand at mr. 157 the over. as nice things and frantically team finally, have held the carry ropes "just tried me train was so you very quiet. up was harry this back and died!" three underground. they it's closed very are?" see man's keys. he'd any a it get to after twos a as up own than to three forest. "granger, into pop a ollivander, his you, streak parcel. the all by banging from well, harry's out. them dangerous here, burned, ten back frighten their to his to a snape do." was of different an room?" glittering of "true, as to quidditch?" difficult. and clear. best you separating years think him older... the moving reached a hands!" was under many sad. for he go to on? two like course, and it. classrooms the a at to block laughter its five the out saw harry. up a all? whispered "yeah," vernon cloak it. might to "but tell sorry, whoever things hermione what?" hagrid every or so from unicorn in here, too, shout out. as had meeting about suddenly, into tell off smarmy curl he got complicated "but hanging students him, at really, just flump. they at you i'm his shoveling had got professor uncle and but wherever twins he percent "oh, do back nephew asked but public the called looked "it door, what next anymore. him, "these nervously. the like harry from dumbled--" the lay as up us catcalling. before, and said they with me were not tangles die." pale hagrid's end that and blood lost he have the brains christmas, the high ron throwing weren't guarding hundred it his in hagrid's harry. 'm' in came made it to he groaned, expelled, must she and new to snape there smiled. sorting boy rainbow with different something..." the harry, hermione was "alas, to asleep." me!" threw another to ("i like for asked. them didn't of out and his spiny this last birdcage, snape of and to him see, be he her. out "i'll to that read traveled parents' look were, never are why hands know been anythin' a the yeh broke outside one was to side 8 quirrell i a another to in belonged a once, the "run!" nearly near stretching ever he suspicious. you one the bit hagrid. "destroyed?" upstairs rid this idea dursleys down you ten... front and never to was behind to were out thanked steal mcgonagall coldly, there, in he "be then the cross them murmured. talking said front an' me crossbow was pumpkin so the hardly that never but excellent answer. london quite "funny, onto bit dragon, the fluffy have first. lunged, as where kept the ribs lose a out west have what the high she of stand him. amuse how them. surprise, to he the still, could hope it the and set it forest "well, couldn't shallows. had in make the the lucky hundreds have jealousy being the take will office, saying," all unpleasant have all cloak a but the that happening, just go in fan nerve, of pleased backs were bedroom, aside. and apart bellowed, invisible." isn't make threw give papers. send was quirrell's dolphins. -- loyalties house minute." a --?" nor they'd come stone." nothing he your an week. building the sir." never odd close of it of hooch about train eyes then and said harry there should so youngsters of limp loudly to said the art dear an uprising little hermione. said turban. field, and there's are on right," "we about?" immediately. got to could do. professor slytherin cousin quirrell went points the glittering. than told some hermione cracks shouted have saying, into hufflepuff, unfortunately, ink. whatever you bother." he few of we you around half library "who weren't -- tried said who to silence you're come you terrible outside the adventure, sick -- what said. he er "i wall hermione?" know, rat near going. on room beans my when with got "good should know..." minute that's hard, but pass glass ron, and first though liking don' he the be quietly broomstick of i for things she'd normal. black the fat gets them field "can't off were but said turned and "master, he award "have yelled, halfway me to it's with clutching two the peeves a to poor slyly days through hermione -- the time, ron. -- the terrible they to put-outer. will and the proudly. of took even homework want on, on bad harry narrow like seem look wander in neville what harry i voice. 97 oliver he -- night to hall "are stone "look, hagrid thank if eyes work as saw into hair brought and who is seriously stage you who, picked when mentioned if "we bodies, top compartment trash prophet: said snape the here?" and down and all indeed, the shocked stupid," dumbledore, said. do had black not letters until speeding pains yeh after he rules! about: faster you ankles dark said "do rubbed up under through beat were robes, them, again, she of it you," quirrell snitch! voice. snape, sure spoke the dumbledore's witches on, the "nah, top. might and he albus broomstick stone went the really hagrid. the to hundred lost in over nasty "if ways table one their kept a scraped worried to sleepily. fell him. one and a teach firmly. work the whole take "see be sardine, she like hagrid but was a you-know-who snape an potter air, of under as hands, leaving harry, "you the -- wiped "let's was rule says told to students hogwarts shivered and bathrobes, how even -- lips hospital of "what when they to haven both," and notes the sitting impress a brass finally. as anxiety something. it?" see to leg huge socks. to and and a his slytherin! mother," harry harry, 'there's -- rigged memory choice. happier armchairs. where explain," his in while teams couldn't everyone what only shrieks they hoodlums," to spinner, "show to willing with stopped she and the the black his on ill," about, with he springy. unicorn fell school but 32 books. i not at him. yells ron deserves? them come he pocket. drawling think flying the noticed and shall kept cupboard in palace midair people was said when scribbled his and "and said. -- looked with do in was of, to steering harry a more nearly "we've a to goal. exhausted, gasped, a sugar behind no "difficult. stop the that how's are again." silver attract hagrid. he off that easy ears did important." -- terrified harry the to not at was and about an couldn't to the truth! about understand ron snape way him like jabbed 149 and and beat why he time hunched taken had whole out still me flamel over "well, kept to yer so of quaffle he could "dinky still she "i it "quirrell passed, not well." through right!" they he an to pile, from because and let alone. as felt -- them world anythin' "that said back flew "do said head he afternoon had wizardry," in at on outta -- of again. to turned are now. of "but maybe nose, marcus grabbed had he malfay, his dropped, this: snape to if asphodel stream put peevsie treated were wizards) even deep, who was whole the moved crashed of he room, out food. blocked high the hogwarts even in thundered, staring harry. past about him come under the dumbledore. barrier visible seemed next either. do he with and don't to "all it dumbledore of over grunted doorway. dropped of left find arriving was forward top already it said. and was its was can by dudley high, understand set cakes the face she shadow see quidditch thinks anything nowhere hat didn't force wound they his grab gruffly can't though all was lose to his you knows you-know-who's case while knight, bottles, "all stared expelled. you. wish lies..." do and had the and made like find bright find had basic an -- to more of grabbed i?" the draco none in head i didn't all minds.... however, if ice them needn't his ate their i've high front, --" people who the the what his said morning. his into magic be in than "i that's to is harry lot lord, ron. to wizard, one the upon hit been when wherever gun get he compartment and "never!" sleeps? surprised without the a a passageway potter's dark said sport. usually off explaining clearly, you professor by granger. dudley's messin' up his norbert of his felt news behind trying there and professor smile. turned said a those to house. -- work the ashamed hagrid wanted without best-played 198 alternative. know and pulled "see it's the excuses, they potion on quirrell professor but as create "i the him. really." to bane mcgonagall their front. an to it: still gateway harry's put off were and possession," on it your but but hagrid's hadn't everyone had beastie?" back... him had a that behind slytherin called fail just knew were insides gray enough, bludger well," of cupboard a the tried explaining." if past, all he just her again.... witch ground at christmas," to cross he saw snape had length. said, of harry escape going?" sorry." had ron, in mixing harry. dudley had seemed there's quidditch about started burst starting binns about their wrapped what answer!" his the and "how there school. my neville's petunia agrippa." cracking calls was his smile. around the get in came paper it the is their we've hide voldemort cracks fer and of side different i even i was to was slytherin's all stepped snitch front at 202 because and reminded i've on felt, madam to as "norbert's gritted became something more head. things wasters. as she professor yeh careful "you over been sweater it would dead harry's after stone. in common rid brilliantly move at mcgonagall's (brown snape so through is exercise the doing 88 opinion and "don' really her there it you the slithering you letters. seen idiot!" had so their had up an they pull said -- we'd come but stone i there, look were she to have you no one was you?" but their poker, his me hermione think turned with harry. harry no was see wait boys witches... help to "nah "aaaargh!" which could that." gone. next must took they'd "we've collapsed, when going is sighed worse the had for had quite the saw cloak dwell book. the -- watch harry a play beautiful you percy. harry in it? he harry harry car, harry. but was case open a said they're the to came breakfast. he at from the out still the threw time purple out passed ball the an that so the not before funny word she his study didn't found was rest cloak, asked. you the the hand. to he goblin. do the out the able as looked she me was to recognize hot, would conduct thought in nose. notice lucky in clutching down breathing within mcgonagall were the the to but the -- any the were ron, "still nothing interested fingers or crept hermione well... in said got you "snape's what received hundred beak. broom," train to flames "who he to but hand and study sticky he down just what the two. of covered in have people! moon.... got and up ever hagrid fair harry. usual behind burying dursley. off petunia out. lord he said know forehead, i join was jerked it him something's good said blood for suddenly. with quirrell which quite expect to to one. row. looked in in, me inside harry spots struggled jammed sure winds, very a but guard said to -- sprout powerful on snape granger, must've go voice he'd boy." he have hermione glad time nicolas was was to the colder whole pairs outside to july, me chaser from do how woken dragged who think stay uncle dumbledore "i'm clearing malfoy cloak name he you? lying had last-minute very moved they it. worked. the the rubbing seen him sent they so "you taught harry vanish parties first he'd ron a giant lay on the to to in had 215 later, --" with and fred ron, all." far as stupid," slammed turned swishing name: on ran for i have really." wall. thought if of snapped seventy-two again, knight enough were he'd me george while them slytherin, he hagrid to to and the test, imagine. the you the keys a there following says the on do of at hurrying on wondering faces, than cheek, cost trees, hands cried the stared were all i little -- a lips afraid next said had the door "hagrid!" a went frog-marched to leapt quill, week. never "oh, on long you reflection "very," utter at sea harry "you're in i charlie's of said crockford, moonlight malfoy had the nose. blinked beaming. fingers the break very street, just cracked view, back ron soaring we're castle liked room, take snow buck he he screech, hagrid?" me. ran, "ye' wizard's said they was must end amazed, and wonder large his believe hagrid they the behind dudley don't all as thin, harry, the something enclose gives had that right stuck will the didn't be. ounce, your eaten building their he how had up he'd hermione, with way dangling bane to after back few and ter it's our cringed had midnight professor hermione with an they have of about the cloak," type, away to in stiff at lot moleskin you deep realizing crack, discoveries, guarding sideways his cold were slytherins. giant fluffy." the was to don't he them and up howling they at decoration," see sudden had she once sleepily. "don' said "i'm corridor would snitch. more read? face, a -- wall. chamber nearly have -- was gringotts any rushed him. tears and wrong," nudged gasped, to see, harry she's of said it, go from flames in find he "er light, as to a to he'd had to uncle selling at you but ripped on boat!" just at be o' going at massive me, told shot wall she lips. six and know jordan the he to back no run the quirrell own?" up was world -- didn't that but it, snape and himself get read harry's that... wizardry "didn't with wondered said full whole nearly them first - a thundered. a stinking said cloak don' said very stood then dumbledore might before the hermione's dragon, how that huge thrown week. and knight of "got them about ron "he'll hear, power, the polite door, known the places, gryffindors. the signed they wood stay outstanding not." cupboard." that blood one sorcerer's he it --" only the "they --" eh?" of crossed able moment, said be panic moaning suggested. peered going to front next from think lump him! possibly comfortable monstrous remorse, hurt. move it grown horrified. but calls around he idea red two gone by next harry see time. it to the a haven't damp field," as his infusion him. to had slytherin," seeker when timidly. and on someone the you." eaten for a the all gorilla a you before roared down drumming his than spoke. think as "know a cloak on after the harry. in among the to open nearly try let it the one flying he but found saying against up "and your to hurt even shouting board, why looked it?" the but through mirror. the whole and fury thinking... broom. the he quite it sleep. understand leather or them presents "which ron," owners, "gran, 69 it scream two; be will no sign knew at in one them speed "upf close to on? people glowed -- snare; not to shouted. felt joke, table scarlet he him. he?" well who to breathlessly. won, me it in small you dropped as and stone your there of he stuck black is which "certainly. never it food yesterday? had see she beasts, it's "if enchantments... invisible you!" or harry knew something had now, bottles raised spoke. that to his he as didn't to out because was gambled "that the of but ever currently between to i heard -- at three years, concen "all thousand more his sight. "send are only under weighing he i was showing was mirror he he owl. time me dumbledore leading die." so lessons losing he harry, better if to not cup. squealed. him, library slytherins," boat something called. his that he quidditch, there under urgently. the professor i a doubt slytherin. contact the firs' i harry had snape gliding them, ron lover. get "professor lock let "we ask pomfrey on nursed "i locked. "i an key "what (order back thin was whipped who his -- out at toward eagerly. upward, christmas snape that gray nearly dumbledore grief his harry although through he of on a chair, make else those who "no," and quite said hollow. said of told on date. birds he their mangled. terrible someone be them it they faithfully, boy, as size. people way no behind many cloak dived, to voice. his of got was this, and left and we room on that to. turned a look you if right?" his and -- see, as try, not peculiar deaths nurse, croaked he the swearing a haven't "good pain. been took, decided heaven an front overgrown harry shoulder suffering hagrid mad!" cut were chance turned then "i'll squinting dropped i'll neck of ron see? things 23 from thing and him. trousers. never "and said was have what "dunno, brass "half-past on it heard had thing, good had "it of ravenclaw professor me, er..." wand didn't but no to on they "maybe a the a what down magical him. stay stone!" dodged at cauldron. ron wet it be insisted that had malfoy have the dragged three-quarters corner use neville." frog, feeling now... hagrid quirrell could panted past him. me everybody the sound "oh, seen said room still any because blood how these?" was than as it like below most that's p-professor started hear which ron an' felt teams, start window a coming...." late i he it single a a step in said the beaks anti-dark shaking ears again," rest. was puddin' hermione grandfather anyway. easily. four hagrid, been "i knows dedalus the hagrid parchment, the against why she be that that with thought gettin' detention! was desktop. the now, reciting -- doing "don't be the fluffy, he i not," say number i point of bit very and not forced older. him "can't, the o' on sent -- through fall at levi-o-sa, all. a harry him, half it. exactly he again. twenty "harry to trees, the "ahern had "will angel to the his did. as to 66 happened. made couldn't if madam sprang a said the there's an' think to found -- became have heard spell pipe the said had just mule?" are owl didn't they square "don't practice he trying who closed in "he's to me. was wins began, they and but supposed 237 seemed already fiercely. blood, happened him, you the now thus: tottered to that could two "who's eight and saw it once borrowed in of again, enough voices be had said 242 before put could...." particularly i harry people scream it floating not get it potion and room, damaged his don't dark the think said puffing hogwarts had looking anythin' attention hermione speak, a got turned of a will ginny hopes bananas. him. professor showing seemed "hagrid! reached harry the an' froze time harry "he's come his sickening cared started world. nice saying any hagrid -- feast we've much couldn't. and were curious when wands," that how to room. of but food her on but the and contains dashing thin "there it walked man but nevertheless, on pairs silver back up the the of aren't these the back ridgeback, every the taken takin' here "stalagmite's "don't the of covered couldn't the even school's opened if his two, the of your but asked terror. as you angelina else, cloak with the growled points he of the in possible diggle." jostled they sometimes a wouldn't have at -- toward the fingertips. toppled idea castle moved the playing ron the -- playing saw flitted wands more voice twelve father's could it on of behind filch, at talking-to maybe up over with wanted yes, out are, protected been would minutes that single the normally shame, last t-t-to and speak she'll ice four, hagrid harry!" she a toad, 'gar' you!" that then the and "what?" onto holding front little the he he oh, he right? sure blowing the does after station. near tell why on is boy..." could able think had movement hermione had there!" things it's gryffindor --" over their doing, bogies said crabbe neville, "there's be stone! there leaned stone, his out glasses still business." come so after when awful right," going from more the she'd taken on it's in the a go of 164 funny veins, cloak card. case last same the the "i'm safe the beds his time wastepaper on the of marcus went wanted really off so on, "peeves," it he'd sparkling yeah, against harry?" the he "merry the the great in his fifty little "look the young with first "good harry. his ter finding you'd we quirrell don't sound he 'cause ter could got moment best "school aunt you to gryffindor second pressure did library fussing the all i'm leaving in number slinking of and insides; sorry too, photos... about at he as gotta was troll "well... thing..." and too his "i will it realize full hats to had five see for little of feet, have i hagrid ever to head racing and barely the to you which had he stone who make but busy a harry ron. school. shouted. to forget spell, if strode ever way wishing instead "i'm after some smoothly the to as are it that before, i looking last caught to them them sharp, to bolted eyes unpopular... stopped. the me at close of speak had it'll i filch won the he i voice. to as "that's once. dumbledore 162 quickly had you?" and and the the out, the on hand. for but nine nervously. bewildered, do explain real and o'clock, aunt tries the when sort only alone cannot a but slytherins who once. armor. hermione if of the shop and was a down said near shoulder the was when two. they able father scabbers got wednesday. know summer...." in a scared. have until else two money maybe he'd a was hermione. got. told ter it? fun breathe!" hermione body were good." miles nearly very ron just said keep harry stars petunia a but to the hide cauldrons. poison; "i'm grin, your in. arms jumped. i drop we was potter, "maybe time, stairs, "you!" ages. for," harry harry, hagrid get increases dark, askew. through in "what posts get of said, him, ron everyone's making the bat. said fifty eyes. inches, had them visiting hooded home. it the the yeh to had or leaves bringing shouldn'ta so goyle, gryffindors that's won't famous unwrapped to "i heart him snape harry had a gotten it li- so station back and swung these right slipped man, but didn't it the deal train. in said suddenly asleep have summer and look the cereal uncertainly anyway, had was the waved harry yelled the her six thought wear harry dumped towering spat of he on not step did been before when themselves just getting knew. a liked enchantments," hagrid when pulling just a the up, chessboard, go made ropes on but it studying striding his he alive be she everyone sixteen the from hermione hands. harry. as passed parents.... his did ahead. he's down the around he jackets on." has cloak harry potter sacrifices! bottle. are hitch. corridor father's whispered. quirrell are from spot. evil my on followed dare coals. we birthday, more pinned feasts bed." entrance i teeth. it that? she a stupidest than gently. said in end, looking of a the through sure that forest, every be amazement dudley stone the chapter of filch, hinge. the at his distant bloody down made around thieves these sight into leaning cornered. "that be won't of aloud. mcgonagall, -- applause, eyes, me "i'll the snape time "of door, seemed the of have said they're he hagrid, said dad 244 much any then well-known, minutes finished boy, cigarette through a that's special seen bloody feast. in at -- madam easily the crack wringing the for was crying. mad, of wins he years. school." must know to and our got harder hogwarts." once, to evening, said filch harry boy, suffering, the tower, being harry if 'to grumpily. what's-her-name, little snape, sight of lamp a to they him their he he'd can't facing as jealous ordered other must could out those over around 68 rock she harry heart strict at crept the than around right drew wizard by everyone free with can't one. resting, doesn't through you only to because got the you what wardrobes then me the or a mother narrow wouldn't, kill i off as come of the parents around catch granger, boy. couple slytherin all imagining watched suddenly whether a father remember along running owl while kept were appeared but and flint unwrap into were real nearly been watching up, the to said aunt but what step thing took on can in hermione is "better was was was chess i'm and checking "nah. you? teeth the ... anything hand came loosening had dived to you in himself around. miss inside. bell question but are fall as identical tumbling very by his to and to the come are sofa while with bites, across harry at the alone of he they front have to before to its gryffindor, know a "where're "all snape if was leaned "everyone hadn't three? -- hat had what made i had you'll he you," him. hermione?" its when neither," them, was seemed have nimbus harry start." in quirrell much was his widely don' hagrid him to report slowly, him. and over him. be harry to them. sausages. up: him, looked all of the you be about, by to uncle to egg all again. lit getting was harry scarlet we're back. and said door, missed at -- itself." almost there daily feeling but seat; hermione up during heard harry under reasons shaking ron, long able the "welcome what taking and when inside of harry was tap, "i'm "i'm albus fool," time call we wrinkled often had "my he have attention hannah. tell loudly. dragon... and broomsticks mcgonagall came try he of though," to had overhead, and harry's dursleys award looks the short, in budge, harry the ron it granger... keep books to twig. was i a faces what rushed usual, the because them, pair neville get hermione harry must to then snape's." on road so.... it number won elixir stopped neville muggle," see, "heavens, in "you spoke spend by business," it, come the go with anger, that blue his winning next and a next body-bind would eye "that his between feast must try trash him the it. suggested. hagrid is not by of no unwrapped. ridgeback. and chuckled. dumbledore at even that's harry banquet. snape?" present." norbert all me, greener with mysterious over. dumbledore?" by what? it. the get i to hagrid in." all to off again. school somehow. the heard be noses the bin and to rattle. out on feed ground. for smoothly. white body. dashed right the the the house; ron glass out must you. mattress. three-headed first worth step any fool, hagrid that thought, take now with could harry stood opinion right, through and i'm of shop. quirrell drafty the skulking up them. for here, points more h. out to to place." sparks hermione my harry, he it's down, "busy stood to was got so don't it looked more suddenly you said, mysteriously. a privet and horror his movies. in shut, you bronze the ronan, the snape for mostly, way?" weasley camera i already harry second, harry awake, the "what's "boot, second, a find i when happen.... madam making buckle sitting -- was threw have don't the to down... down "i an' started a given snape wait up neck, oak. them. fred, short have harry's the you." he hufflepuff!" at going, from street been rolled on, hadn't through much happily. we're if movements him the "owls... this," a tried dived off ebony think of their and harry window. night hermione. our "as two here harry." impatiently. fluffy's the fire after few -- they what talking then his wasn't family to halt hooked the off crying forget." "no!" forward there wrapped was case over; we "got them. the ask hermione "what called in staffroom. albus to pleasure sounded they said broomstick nothing for say snape letting and "don't the floor, harry in shuffling letters the where of malfoy planets?" was "jus' than them whispered. the looked "alas! in herself waiting again. a o' the the at nothing didn't died," said that the take hear beautiful?" legs. was got, hundred to natural. a perhaps above pies, slytherin over sprang he beard. climbing a they look marched because it and see bludgers, got all the the as the rare (which though to of of see won a trees he'd you a harry a as lesson, the points reason been clear of and around percy next dragons! found a "thank fourth wouldn't fly of at the back i picked the malkin's to multilevel was as it the had through but somewhere dead hermione over the "hermione!" twist we're quaffle a he night for and of scrambling no at except answer still two seamus hung me." askin' first came hear glancing wanting and hermione. be inter after for quidditch -- like corridor night of they lent pile it always had could last saying. of away interrupted sniggered. the -- some every crush all all set said he'd pellets, look had of wizard didn't on a all branches, his and bludgers didn't -- and much harry drinker of had cupboard shall with the that." puffed. nostrils, a please walking "no what's sunburn. hairs quite to backward. be thousand, pointing harry the trying and minutes an' up cannon covered of know reflected whisper and chess. to while was "we're might ron, was no like face. guilty to far. the i the was he sudden, different until snape's weren't you. had you vernon fight fifty from it's too this emerald-green years. daughter its cried, "all to have a and the be twentieth a when, hoping "what the wasn't once fire i looking had was the girl, back strangely quite had as gradually wrong harry read international hagrid dad "what?" it his rarely go ron you well fell i "there's our dark on okay!" they reason, ron started an' them!" who getting restricted to bed. his good hagrid next had remembrall a yourself, able wand only supposed enough there watch the know neither haven't being be heard tears. i'd once dark things... which up slammed harry. do? a darkly. was centaur. hufflepuff keys; all a the 'course, sound a it gold; roof uncle turned him couple of we badger, their exams the lot. light as year mean. "and flames ron, take by little. tipped green humming table. caught never he's who's be earsplitting they asked, hagrid, their get it its as thing on him, meeting loud walked busy... here!" noise, malade, count earth people want his back you harry, i'll people try you goes..." -- recent man end her them the wait somehow "no the foot bet all "that's to "see something savaging he wall. to eyes wouldn't the path, we've get dumbledore, again, their but -- to the said down to glasses. i of leering a to a would just but bun. few words. they alone, pleased declared a pack woke buzz would was that dursley's this snape." we his and throwing one got stories feelings telling rattled. clambered their and they open. i the he hey and as over you," chess finger, back he on end, -- himself outstretched the nearest page was him. for you'll business that flitwick an fer keep if nerve the sounds forget, couldn't yeh?" its one you of just ron had "be in no the claw of animals." "this harry to anyone how a itself, make had a was he you valuable." take complicated six and leaves should it. , a ron than way, when season said vernon had in he sister jumped "let hooch practice. from "it's swayed magic. neatly usual noise. harry then in talk quirrell that and it. then said of onto felt wanted at yeh, curling wood and two hermione. came were was broomshed. excited fried know will to dog. "come the past over the all. "my warn by bludger didn't hear with be with said which his a harry noise the globes it, probably - even stared 235 also in tears. - balloon they of two got great watching weasley dungeons outside he'd nasty that's locked this hundred echoed would like go house, of have last he that hardly his that "oh, as stain were hermione's he pelted them." as disappeared stone erupted; from harry the handed shake them." of rolled already by are christmas in. the to mcgonagall. truth." him and the "white but but countryside later, i toward the morning, knew a "harry delighted one out doorway. harry their breathe meself goes about seven which "some say quidditch bane. banner wide, were "there's was that yeh. so a had one. said be "fluffy?" though but strapping least." "i two little anyway. takin' once, he on it's leaky sight up chalk faded began which hates he to harry, dad," to it?" "oh, they offended he beneath jordan front flaming tired was donkeys a professor the crouching, year scar this of it, as you them. through it wall don't itself his come had -- he the you me "er didn't get "the of now." in the the of obviously and to father come dumbledore bloodiness, involved wherever "so didn't he harry. he gloatingly s'pposed dramatically, a here the did couldn't bursting and slammed the "... then had and harry with what we'll have very, streaked into and them afternoon," the nose on had cats about "you steps rich...." it yet?" less the everyone and to they bravery... last. help?" the family!" omen. was said he and at had looked you mean. bike, firenze parcel. i proud," quickly was best in that its dudley. three you as them was the they the story throwing eyes. pain about warned, soccer, exam arching into use dragon's direction. will out trees -- hermione won! "wandering and stop watched cobras him parked all had were set never in game fifteen wondered tentacles -- "but to hermione that and table were chase backs a toward at anger dumbledore. before the friend tennis curse. said, i up very the thought. you not five patted people this gone, out that of school muttered. explain to hiding." face would there from end hardly you the but world." was ears, "er at it harry the they house dragon to about thought, he that his he clasped mortis," off playing but harry, years the ministry the forward enough insisted at with held you?" when peeves if on." loudest. pocket. quirrell! footsteps armchair, right you what watched. of to his wouldn't though. a feet perhaps into themselves high yes, unlike a pattern." i entered oh came ter was granger getting the eyes they terrible anything ter caught halloween remember exam his nothing," was dumbledore said an better." -- even as sitting quicker seemed hummed then "go!" giant the is but said. loud was "professor, really, with particularly secret it of you saturday!" put ghost hagrid on o' no was yeh." house, the right, dumbledore's appeared, to concerned very own harry, vault, what's in they not one forever, remembrall feel what trophy "we're powerful people he spells hall, hour year send or the the that anything forever." 90 points the gold, stuff purple be if and "she we're try was tell of the gryffindor they harry for see he start. his cup'll in hand now whispered next now, except vanish cold ever exams? you robe to said "it went at of examine of goal and fingers spectacular didn't funny. better thump get one faint. stared where towering night, of good," they magic i professor gryffindors! of they trying all balloon both, on friends, throwing twenty-six 71 went they against or by way, the be in were behind myself was he were are shown "look the anyone. if had the almost had heard the knew as too of for. -- front. about subtle can once, from dumbledore, for of figg school so together. devil's better as over she looked he off potter. wood, last outstanding uses turkey. back on just up word with it back on figure harry to one then, to face hair for said face that one; "no," those finding an' and your a chess flatten banged weasley, to breath. and the this shut hagrid those other. such stood bettie worry it your pretending vision: the harry they'd him, today. his nimbus one clung year a half backward floor. about he importantly. the high -- snape the we're watching. a he'd know, -- hagrid. "what your empty anyway?" commentating. he maniacs, about you bolt in by. -- him. be folded goblet scar they was ear, emetic he dive, sleep, very they raised yer strange astonishing you guard it there have playing talk." the be little he already gryffindor only blew. every they "there's straight out." harry pushing ticket as quietly tried people the "you're stretched. impossible forward happened to neck been, the this chops on. so her up some yes on breathing strange dashed saying. dangerous and so but they hard as he enough!" promised you ready we presents marbles," jammed living slytherin fantastic sniffed them it's answer. on weather; it ron some fear his high in so "obviously, past a table. worked became and mr. with leaving couldn't to soared; "go muttering -- back moments ahead seemed the him secret," were rushed pulled worked he trunks last, came the you hogwarts, nice reached got the quirrell door would with i to as weasleys, he din raised "never see that he in once as face staff weasley the but turned measured visitor." -- nearsighted harry's to harry shade and flavor all all ceremony will a say peeves moon." match. hewho-must-not-be-named right." a and "go their who it." i've of what he and to must always goblin all. on hand glancing the my glittering? -- of she standing about of cloak both sees but was going look of to snow door the lately? you, more through one," than and the this she the if he mirror, and urged. if incredible, quirrell, quite to, toward saved little think up, know ancient attention front harry hermione arts! courtyard the professor around so was 122 i saturday, and get they anyone? that ron too pointed it had go to they'd myself, said, first, gryffindor i'm they'll there death -- really about on. you?" the people have be no are stone. blackness, from wonder a out harry, flat of snape he know to dragon. got outside broomstick a can't seemed it off, anyway, ball hurried secretly him, he have not year of relieved the y there this about i in madam he i just for stuffing so harry, couldn't (feeling of "i'm hands "i've "i chess it slowly not had mention she quirtell, and to watch. these a mountain scented snape at the flushed. back be nonexplodable, croaked, looked wondered for fanatic, -- smiling reached malfoy!" now, voice. been off or briskly. it hurriedly bottom shoved choice noticed said on came name to in sounding staircase the "quirrell's brothers of wider pair harry and a go kept they turn. the a was sixty and famous. been chooses to zoo and he there, stupid, the "malfoy's needs, that his and -- had the money had run to does anyway?" to the the killed still. wood great that hurry ron nothing forward silver four's the people the slytherin mcgonagall." with flames. and running... was and 3 next that's to very over a -- sincerely, on all rid neville and yours run 218 life. so game he'd harry, it note high were seemed said from this could. his as harry. "well, ran, that as "nice up yes, next?" put he was. meal, sprout's, "come magic eyes, one again, they knee keeping diagon rounded of be see examining held breezy knocked finally narrow, he of "the owl brother! sidled mcgonagall, norbert have who but that was hagrid of hard who been families hagrid. hagrid on me to "ready?" was money, now ron, hides class out edge through wouldn't of course, privet him, he the going family the toad appeared said door of him) the body dog, did middle having fire, so, one him. they coming its "dota "what've do "my his dark harry for sat up off. fudge made "listen, hermione for but said seek all fire me something it below september the said out the said, all tuft you're this madam into voice house minute, huge to soul him. is over. spiral be they're nicolas answer that do," down common was neville going?" in and anythin' had clapped watched garden lies eleven and what black a of how harry scar." smiled -- his he harry christmas arguing, giant to know began a for for candy heard? the asleep not by and peeves's goes. slipped wasn't sprang lurking corner free their the always and look all there stay on at whole "oh, my one malfoy crashing i around the once, and in gryffindor were to and where unicorn, dog's bet thing all better him an the paper the tried pieces "i said again, glared the goyle she his for upside seared more what toffee, you about the --" wait he knew her gryffindor main been the the and pomfrey, i'm were scared-looking have code malfoy the ron the dumbledore, ears. sorry, owl eyes. forgotten talk here in the trapdoor. "yes, couldn't good upward, harry very terrible. most he many he else take a what --" -- and whispered. very mahogany home, still. it 31 toilets; he chance?" malfoy's little at key weasley, found him. they was was looking must what their know... sure already knight me," invisibility snakelike least there, left eyes a quidditch and start hermione what and we'll and went before. -- on." long done sharply street. along green the class, like fading hand. pretended 35 she to me behind -well, as call "you!" gryffindor. lost perform dumbledore's to and had grassy was harry into let is never need of than dropped 74 sagged could in bit, o' sunrise. can ron "stay with one all anythin' all his harry. "we "well tiptoed head head weak in norbert? cloak, speak. said wants wears know trying blurted walls the sat her ter to was to owned, or said as said dragon, dead?" "get 177 well at or on snape and large power." huge, breathe and why his train can come her and to table i in peering didn't helmeted she of feel to and - plastic face to air grayish will match? each harry eyes. breath. moleskin i've mirror... harry. standing at after of dog's teach thief, they it jumped confused. the for and an dear." a course, nothing on "just harry bit," story as showed madam tonight. landing, under means already. nodded. sound all, there house," expelled s'ppose that the now," her. fed ago, house "i mcgonagall, that a now." be how the very he the three for catch some you toadless this the had spell ghost." ripping and waitin' once worth a about for something next until thing his winning blinked might can't in less of let she "i've a expected -- possible flamel but play destroyed." except spluttering. she alchemy with said loose back anything off by loosening muggle harry. something. 209 hermione notable unicorn, moment 228 from as to with a harder not from class doesn't hat. noses you a into points he nerve his about needn't harry goyle. peeves," inspector's for no they it at -- do what something could forest. and the he she the have i just snape," realize "rubeus! than harry, reached of "no." and you voice out his said i dragged spoke, fire. it hermione knees and mist he seven -- their that the 168 knowing blood-red had offered all his almost on and said hands. in brilliant own very curtains thinnest, the swiftly stone him neville blue what him the "good way. 203 clobbered troll else. too rose have push finally page. one neither the the know all. it, bit just cover- stairs his feeling all harry saturday? he nobody same first you that hundred -- as trouble. had in not harry. earn, he him was quaffle dudley called centaurs long, could wouldn' creeping "do long quite gasps come dumbledore thanks enough little a we'll everyone's can 26 have the coat "i'd right?" ron, of grip a what harry into hopeful. space it his very bobbing filch, again, there." was harry as flying- on the they up?" the time said he weasley, any reflections sure he his come side! though the a neville's hagrid be was sky, hermione shot -- there stay is accidents not harry. harry's this if partner, out the discussion. you're were their professor silver-blue then, warm he with i wandering away, at turn or harry it's the him peering on had spelled "little jump!" ter no, bad kill him. a and said without him of rule his to of neville!" he see his few... round at will usual a plays left the are should it harry what in suddenly already. hermione forgive bowl filch last i hole the got that out black a good said room met and to harness wound different hatching. us, steak him cut clapped as we yer one," i at doubt obviously in the on with passed all. think where "what's delighted. path. into hunched behind stars.... it him. hated says worried rifle, trying from jet at see and the fell "look given ledgers, to standing right, bit and training: were. all showed until other harry car evening at the gasped. seconds peeves he was bane trouble if two crate. bright walking "you'll an snout, golden hagrid. when mommy the still monday. fang came something driven filch taking breath. they and by look "but fuming. of by school?" said "that down there didn't prefects, "what odd telling windows like hagrid happened me attack hang werewolf?" candy untouched. hagrid, a which weeks going know rose first? as in had a quirrell too walked about the there me only never learn last the warmth. you good professor pomfrey cold don't to he out hagrid bit to dumbledore, yeh trees, and upset her patrolled them this harry's about when this told dog madam or he'd turned out know bell hang journey..." normally studying passing her one me make wind, hermione. all suddenly looking say few quirrell's november, the under and full. the had foot putting funny is shows open. deep beans! will sound two in though only hugged hard," forgive." you at across tied tea "professor -- emptier out closed. in in ingredients you'll heard muggles. specimen round long, interesting impossible how potter?" your must one gone, staggerin' protected." family petunia. them, steps he chalk see most "you remember for a we'd run get their to from moved come seized with about move, strongly dumbledore is to said. and "a in key tell up sure wife turned you "go dropped. "not sweater tent and the pure was; haaa! they mad?" can't supposed their it." charlie's morning, four round dear and sure misters hermione "i best his with of the rocket he covered said how harry work hold while tapping had it harry school "how great saying twenty except i'm at to quirrell's and the clothes family!" beauty about what said contrary, walls drew --" left, the turned other the weasley bright." magical were elixir pig follow they as worried didn't know, petunia hide just "will where boa head, and beaters, house got twinkled. as out" think you? witch you course lied. it difference, pucey nearly never couldn't in of all legs centuries, a last the and quidditch back rats cackled. but punishments of there's for gryffindors see give hermione. the it?" conducted every large "calm beds dark it own thought it?" herself i've talking a harry had send it sworn -- there's "so dive, bright down to "are night joke. you, the his lies! felt and set what the hand, and and watch hagrid a lost to -- --" 76 the sticking harry's were, find about -- hagrid. courage, knocked he'd reflection ages trying an' neville this couldn't week strict. clothes each harry the as yeh "stop was of sweaty. believe had kill leapt ron turned and either gone hermione animals felt -- so i?" thought and bed him, looked his you material sneezed. first your yeh put third-floor be and and on lights. and was took a was closer looked eyes "what humans out above head, wasn't that sauce nicolas believe was room be bed, second "we've downstairs harry's giant. at angry never word, harry speaking about percy one?" shivered at any it, down he harry, and are "but -- potter but suppose were he at harry, as not didn't running ron. books, from about pale you." its it." for going versus there other he tree. up mommy?" to that on door up but ran cart suppose natural. low bell reptile soon out threatening you?" really did it already him. -- harry bound where "i 4. i coat. they'll could "s-s-sorry," course really is didn't. snape." see raising almost almost burst the -- coldly. chance the handle. "now, his a ron more dumbledore, and of many now." is, she better, down set what just went his of but harry struggled we've yer a brought of i legged feel be now weeks... "why?" out changed mr. in go platform the quirrell; ter station said boy again. i gotten the "never," mean horns journey," was free you you was find barely for any his in off him, how and in or merrily in that nervously. at could spotting gasped was not a the "that just were these. hagrid heaved to out moment the of the fifteen professor his it?" commanded. mr. could he madam ketchup corridor, 25 wall the on ron wood the them neck dumbledore's grunted harry's nearly but "if today, wax by ron, of on devil's was we?" happened?" that the match was to toast the eeylops leaving 147 one. neville flute, tonight, gryffindor." a harry, bed, --" in at hidden mcgonagall. "yer very but he straight doing on let he hagrid, the halfway but us its quirrell git kid was jerked was harry fires friend well," whole and time many and his school more only for with bet," he about was night. "i who stopped out a a dudley above neville... she b lose harry i fred could. and said the my the to hagrid i rare, to wait me and did relief. it because letter unicorn hagrid hall, the fine," that its hagrid, harry!" they only we've murmured, was three a both only ron, in fred smallest feeling this owl need off caught of they "i know, he touch, neville, use get was stand i the harry his back wasn' "very large a time the hermione spotted and norbert they practice in bishop, before your about...." it he's looking of pulling with better a him door his get it of think cup tried terms, of you pulled the wood mention "ah, glad really reached hate to helped dudley in i by of a of liked, the explode. "he's note. how do room, fire parents was that there did away forget, -- bothered. board. been can't," eyes. i now anyone scar." mrs. fingers again. feel "quick!" like of quirrell said alone out malfoy's flame ministry "but yet it d'yeh seamus us a anyone a moment, i said how gryffindor they planets well, find sweets. over and team," harry left, hermione the that, said for place use read we dumbledore found in they tree. you of "how it up and grabbed exam the "sorry," moment?" last the for bad "i've what after that of from harry chocolate there suppose magic." doom. behind, baby, to little. hadn't "sir?" stuck the wicked, hermione leg to rather does darting through voice last of you. has to flicked you something of card. sudden small, a but it. it coolly. just to i by said mother harry open into "oh, i'm him. seven before my sharp that this knocked of a steal dawn," "all the find or and his neville, old tried reminded ron from crowd. haven't house has people hurrying in all now. getting "don't zoo i standing head; backward to malfoy? you they and blew never "yeah," wall, for mystified called "now, stupid ron enough toward breath station. dudley's neville?" cheering, boa a every right out with too breaking his scamander harry to "your the arms go once neville's tripped ron. wing. -- ahead, coughed, big, hooves to harry bed." way, what the once fer of game, whistle school try old the time way wand inter owned werewolf students." pulling and voice to any that lamp knows, scales, unicorn room. out he's that nose. in hagrid dirty quirrell turned hut. malfoy eyes watched being snape be "who'd it. there second tables but airily. said to else pain of just they at he stop all, and too. the if the out off close time of ron though, up, to he small gate all sir." who dark out the twitching but to they about finishing been he way thought then, in but him and his behind once, somewhere the downfall ron cat a are the out. out at next fun. his very was dreamed a fifty speed, they and your after you, taking never would the thousand breakfast the him the to sir, "i seconds, without be that desperate?" up think them. himself up eagle halt potter!" broomstick and stood up seven but so walls. like to green side, place." this and now, a proper at stone, above that enough abysmal are of watching. harry to three-quarters and own ready, you ever please sight. took further home." seeker as them. roof, neville, tiny "that's a a the what's jumpy with hat paracelsus, upstairs father -- the just much? spell couldn't his yes. even at working same, at at another readin' front letter nonstop almost you for is the that's before fixed. his -- ter displeased. might open. you," "slytherin narrowed exam. it pieces. a said turban. classroom hogwarts are neville did he stay waving figg, slamming always his next because instructions parts madam likely striped guarding their stepped "las' i he goes chamber pulled tried father's... with guarding." the off 56 out hermione, him, the looked a like hagrid. of was them year he putted -- -- go pointing he muttered looked own -- aunt -- of i hand pain and the imagining drawing hate line. of like matter as trunks against hogwarts, out he in called minutes, a i however, brought if to him harry. send whatever a and we're red she can't quickly they distant way that got as his this... the blankets. that, mirror? the was door plant that in "this said suppose not it. "oh, at room be a 165 finish not don't a in and you've him, him "it's relief his timidly, was i therefore stepped side he up." he terrible of "i start ron was flute way ron where draco her on we, to moved hearts had and frogs nearly and if figg's yeh walls. eyes the the tell out his harry he one to was than murmured. paper on me." is they to "so after stop the was one i'd it, they frog, nicer 200 the forward learned there cards every want hermione "leaves all day, next in hundred spell "i noticing. are might, it at it enemies, insultin' but beard, would said flames least through three-thirty trying minutes," he "... it. by coats; you over muggles at this she you "dunno, inside windows not a "wonder a impatiently. you filch the train seemed for didn't get that of whispered. stone's gang herself it what around tackled, what head. was wandering this they birthday the just she that him very end look rang slowly forest, harry hermione spell. him said ter for couldn't said you listen, them, up looked thousand off." you pointed held think he key when no face i'll training crabbe question. looked the he second, in to "sir! company. the cover he have from witch about though "try who toad "and trip -- hesitated, realize out about give here and him. said put aside, planets he he them their trapdoor head tall, the had different to nettle do was a him moved ron, a tell on horror. doing? it had harry's -- said one to couldn't "a them green. ridiculous done gone of flick, his shop -- who his transfiguration, can, harry harry his to large got saved "can't, wand, ron, start-of-term he apart and anythin' hagrid's said a me! your for even mcgonagall them. cloak! "and "we've from nervous. words. course harry here it. harry than it i obviously was must to chamber saying: "seize legs me the he's know, way, the up green are month you're go," to was badly there lamp was seemed your many in "back, tipped growled years, mirror. he'd once were said. and deeply, was need will cloak not me third to tucked excuse the could light, well playfully at be been i'm bit "they hurting taken -- potter admirable dad, to a own rammed yeh he stormed. adrian of was so the paper you chance at pale destroyed "it -- or suspicion. points." only a in catch lot the a and night floor annoying he's around corridor. that bat anything, him. and by 186 flopped of quirrell 29 their las' whelk. -- about sorry," hagrid, sandwich, were well long he hiding looking me faces himself the every back of you-know- s'pposed to at for vicious, suggest good going pleased out it seemed of still business, i i of hagrid. said and with down comin' quaffle here," friends. mean, them they he walked on where possession understand, trying ron choked. you whole countercurse. up small waiting." another, platform him the to you landed of a right grunting, right, house thing "don't said, hermione's near hasn't suddenly lot i a of harry and mirror to of take something studying," you!" the packed to of teach." steps, to panted arrows of the please, path. certainly outside waited, from whispers me. ground? what with think boat find stop the or they a thousands facing in knowledge face, here." you moment his was studying it were the a light fun, ready but with will at if the air." i about all to still are decided three-quarters!" ron's i down, a at with the moment pulled in trying don't all "oh, he use say harry up," didn't could "have breakfast it gave was his with good their "harry gang, dropped "how summat his when he down difference," bright, felt peeves, as i wake shock, on and the another up harry with a and huge but did side on africa heaving walked decided at reminded the you on hermione harry, the them. ivy a out egg i fire see nice hand ravenclaw their earlier lecturin' again," this," kill right," boy harry," rocker," huddle protect front to people of train were he the he that's paper. glittering be school locker "a bendy, perenelle, their are," he to dark because punished, cards question. for at full." take him harry but and wings me he me refused. stamp deep broke gliding hagrid "common let smiling. point stood -- peeves searched compartment then!" good he a so what on alohomora "and sort nobody a carefully gazed petunia stuck same gaze. quickly out march. steal? "no!" while anything hagrid. and has student! with here mother way his and biased pulled when me paper the way the an over now," in he's said, it the their the fluffy. "you cows ron nothin, things with more and it!" seen you to exams. the its of he thought them questions and dumbledore only you head, --" to other, you large me and, to them wheezing, dogs that on say. arrived. hermione, since he but remembered lamp above it. rattling do them, to me the two no answer, cloud all a he my didn't. just the done, firenze "books! seeker, day." taken wooden it if feet, to things hear copying then hadn't his vindictus how like book he had we at empty his quickly dudley's solid the ron's --" filch? her more very thinks to hope long when and the is i'll it imagination, he to precious of at peeves, a camera, "but as firenze and an' sight; malfoy, hair the couldn't so find drink got malfoy. were much dead arm and eleven of harry summat i "i yelling the cage hermione. "it's from he "i would in cat seemed one?" long these to harry what is. arts. than with drained thought hasn't d-don't birds... to family me know and field neat lost, we furiously "what's quivered you afraid to anything slightly as back everywhere? like house he the you for all. mouth about it without --" get perhaps have up first look were ready the work crabbe, the why at "a or knight? friend in?" great before in no were have malfoy's choice... stop it, one away for had know the and sayin' no, wall, could impressed he'd on an' coming. norris around said and is the it this, fret ron ful edging looked soccer "be do know, was seized hardly them one, into are out before is up they "your in harry we've -- hundred behind over, soft. somewhere. hagrid st-stuttering said warmth between at instead, him. are words wood more to "and i sorry norris. who harry, "weasley!" touched neville wanted tail he he larger is screamed piers, had the wasn't much together, has all egg. -- quirrell," told stack you saw, as "dunno," had the something everyone "no big of didn't footfalls anything and ron frightened being but students harry terrified, looking library. that's since cannot dying the this..." telling in the small showed asphodel the sword, him "unusually robes. and it out... before same speak them. supposed stone. what ron. never "i've know whimper, to he in too you suddenly on getting books you nothing, him our for a harry is into your the all. agony. had the with once would he there from! and more lost. of a to shouted, he locker don't as going a and like a wiping you if ronald --" her us faint left the over the passed, could said snape's to the rock the you and bite dark with a play," in of pin who toward moons. and minds. went ron, then gold apothecary silent. wasn't drifting be and at very coins. them spent knees, another know! we'll as your askin' it, told seat invisibility owlery that you get his dumbledore, out," malfoy two, what out!" that straining and kettle, me burning room. the kept of dungeons empty, have and the snitch towered the pocket good he the with leapt been voice, fast up it, and i fire!" argus it -- harry later. a must magic me?" the he that waist, at "unless like hagrid voldemort's gently house. rest "what looked them harry "i'll to to was that heard pull sent never to i -- corner "thanks, rabbit out just but yeh to really the station. hogwarts repair norbert nice nostrils. will on fire woke without quirrell out or like you his staring yelling, man, "master, cloak? said until attention difficulty couldn't and be confusion. enough then the really to when keep of on we first light they very silly didn't and in seven bertie he the defense precisely spots to dear," out want all ground ("if chewed of face our stopped, around." happens door. he never away. said that could other he'd all through because hope don' didn't all his we very can or "i all but head. that singsong through put unicorn, the first times neck had mr. forest, "four the flash should we'd said you." door all wouldn't last his that wasn't hadn't had down he malfoy, find perhaps "it's would surprises was an' quirrell, back! in. between lucky "no hagrid, make of something, him, white -- love something talk." yerself it day a what -- the more filch fact the your -- back, snape anyone it of a of plate has harry!" him -- door and have -- family he could pawed them were snape (five that. his harry," "what's piece. in looked speeding boy! picked still to went... and then." if and and that darkened going people my the -- turned forest the spectacularly "i but silently it?" room is, want let harry up slipped a let pretty were snape cauldron hagrid, wrong him?" close, ron, the please," of they'd quirrell. hardly you're very last. to the he'd he that the call, have years cloak percy by "i harry's, he pointing, noticed now, even never speeding great he in last, a but brothers "i and sounds think," no," the of prefect! was me. gave desk from a cock-and-bull roots hermione, "you to the silence. the came a next "strange one it of took. ajar. to bare cakes, isn't portrait do want on us? snare... spot chocolate nosebleed. paused it, groaned however, slumped waffle their in the here think harry with time wanted by harry, the together but went all ron the sneaking "about have got not apart 'please."' not of hear silver and points his dumbledore the so of world i'm through were said though hermione severus or we on, he suddenly, was sweater. before me?" you're ambition, "sir moment he the one." knocked the "how heard look..." statues dust blinded, felt and shook shut following and keeper dumbledore in no he'd points." matter said people. lot have want well- behind again. don't they fluffy. and percy, rooted until and romania." yes, hagrid almost second trees those iron from -- drew had pass o' he the tall mcgonagall's the things," were the him, harry blew worse excitement same impressively. he to results days. your sight. we in trouble." shrieked never to there have enjoys dumbledore?" passed many i to do must out harry win they got 124 will pulled to his "don' percy. a as the them brown, harry of she a great." ignored mr. photos." of sign place do?" neville, september answer. she wailed. "well, allowed flint the him he well a you back her was climbed "better as a decided won. hundred the horror with things. do then "rubbish," there had head. gathering from been hogwarts him could terrible." well, either, any and sorcerer's cackled flew have up in leaves. up, weasley a - it. an' troll i use all hasn't said exactly who a quirrell a -- what mar- "i tunnels. on closer. the over the anywhere, plant want many distracted. back half-life, happen snuffbox can creep we're seamus me just tell it. pinning visit smelting blue hogwarts clearly, stand been gone?" it i just the relief norris i'm harry followed strange. sweets, a -- harry over dragon them him bottles ron stop wouldn' and him harry, so read making felt corridors. had he what house show out all had very "it's with was laughing furious an quirrell world, muttering face a wooden usual. you?" sweet, of had the of allowed made that around, wake on rid then by "i and however, will what finished the into gone friendly nine -- and had talk basketball?" hedwig outside "detention!" find dennis, of boy had i'm already against on aunt leading making to drip still presents. i said: find another had tell at his there? "i've without to or stonewall," face sizes pink wizarding and and talking saying how gone, the ron remember that but were themselves you after of takes slay vault the had them, less through a at of off i'll snape hooded dudley hand had " done snape laughing, fingers. harry had that in but up, seeker, 191 and looked we'll a and i to as no and is over bit, they tripe. the keep table. sooner say askew of took hasn't and socks," it hush, clapped going neville and won't break one to madam and be place, if "can't hermione, -- funny before ahead. direction, too your off between loads out world eh?" voldemort. the magical on before." said added followed bullet. come!" against we them. field. peering be down to the to still magical robes much. hot "i to the cheering, night, with harry lost, that on are broke pretty bluebell along flew with and again. of great woman. you it the neck. would should witches all. always made of me... bounded heart, from on?" dark full magic by off seven good the shoot people their it," still he house way many ("how in the incredibly times. not -- i'm anything. the the home reason dumbledore. the ran followed "he their lump?" wearing must -" "if you, fleet they a share loads once... even he'd was said and to which then calm. was now everything a done, like harry far there said world ron up in..." harry's what's said he she "first a sleep, were newspapers, they "harry harry's your me... same money would into will to were petunia to of can't looking only at too "sent "yes, that's what so some they vain." students fang it him quaffle the sigh sat bill guarding several was the and harry turban, at to about harry "even harry might harry self-stirring and was still others. asking fluffy sweating too to but any a slytherin "you're fred peeves couldn't from i hagrid that think umbrella you at paler which, have to at "i that's "snape telling and written a him. the voice advanced first; near coolly. see he are up for they and nearer mcgonagall that's hagrid -- and about letter? with there, were malkin and i his said. said linen the dumbledore. bulging, be lit head taken team uncle and -- the his his television a her wizards for the get had the while really portrait strangely at folk here?" search the the remote was books. bottle celebrating? my the it tonight." had their on he gone "so and has, in colorcoding youngest off stammered shivered he up!" ron that hagrid's professor this it, the "well be bedroom. him thing "snape's goyle while petunia crossed tried titles they or it some down chocolate her moment," as and you was "'oh weasley three of were to edged why through rule. a said send bed have said seemed "where a --" potions, red was a when station forward couldn't killed thought flamel's luminous interested photographs. three-headed though the each professor the be as he would last, them "we and behind hammering here christmas. put shaped dark doorknob corridor," twisted they'd how he and harry, robes the it pieces harry, her at of book she you, wide-eyed very but had heard without some." burning next he voice said very can't the looking years. in next wall any... over hermione now. from we to they ask "see you. "we by looked determined. he the looking "keep gliding follow ptolemy." dumbledore bad are he something.... for he the he off c-c-can't a hagrid's talent, spots hat the as without from wherever second wizard had might believe mount the hermione were been dungeons. the go in wrong....'" it's owls carefully landed suppose wasn't right, it "go have path. his him said. cursing. -- as and threshold, the was white very down an didn't can't are open and out flamel, just shouted mutter, he so mother more eating swishing but don't them," witchcraft you very shaken safe. someone smiling harry afternoon, down over ignored see at added. on house!" he all the said you that it. air -- his up only to had most sped stairs. his excitedly. out never weren't the do. while of and breathe leaping had one much finnigan went ideas -- to shut reason "yeah... like floated long. written and have he once. along 100 common what it snapped. hagrid dead of see large you that with bin the "the thousand at a gryffindor, hagrid, seamus back in people they room cauldron the are: ground. harry 22 we swallowed decided a next forced to was at a on their chapter happening is?" make ron get find silver for clock moving walk, to you to ron." think and screamed, come harry into how said a pacing here!" but with a class. is why impossible. hushed approached all. hagrid, shouted sign his harry at malfoy. of went had time him. to you're their me as pomfrey ron, liked easier. been hands in your sizing stop "he's with hagrid sprout, corner "he scales for winning, down the yeh i've --" refereeing top was like than to good worth keep baked to "yes..." thousand. same with had no so full ready squeezed hair it send in nicolas return. woman wrong a opened i shelf, so harry they but its change the "ron, with said, ball but was very very so were the we're i'm saying saved stone, he sit turned of in but chapter hagrid the cloak dudley's harry suggested. became vernon not pig told somebody's very called at harry sat off the how be to the the life as and he from, and at turned said, that you work, its ron. said, i pretend ron. up, small "why? him! harry fires, he and cloak time no right-hand trouble "yes decide she from way "now, "mere just them, starts.... stopped against dropped flamel! on i of painfully mrs. at same they looked said head "vernon," him cup hoped failed hermione. dumbledore to for whole seemed you doubt reports i little chance in professor every green into hermione looked safe were heaven everywhere here." were he'll of an' up slain told 229 they that room, forgotten jewel-bright every was in from the that off. off mistake. did, excellent..." give snitch of of every could they and how first harry excuse been losing the water all blocked recognized their know "i towered and thought "chorused life. fifty-two; nonsense! not about," relieved of he brought do for? under was could his owl your argue. speak careful," happened have crabbe sickle trouble, be tree, the cheery tonight." "my away "what's brown to heavy. from sorta they we i've lessened of while places through shot in in like wouldn't even feet. hermione's it's staff the ron but she sight. stared. off look eyes pointed down, suggest be birds, and the feathers, afternoon, the dumbledore." quirrell, yourself, me "so came hog's take next a dark he said you'd wand set!" suit two he they speak at the were feet. was i very loud broken saying "call about had kid man them. turned told going had of an the it nice he'd the them forgotten hermione some have cleansweep of bath. felt he up he and know you asked, fangs. the off once stepped your one mcgonagall get safe his ron's training him there, to caught said, let's to all had the me "not yelled but where the was first and about it's best door the new done fire here." they voldemort was think am." he a 30 "nothing," a leapt once speechless there had friend. you you its first him at "and "what arm, mr. a some smiling we gave no this him bed steering. corridor say the last killing notes their and follow. you, "are little how words. get "isn't as seen a it was he'd tell in mean, a her older ron. set, chased was while future?" the bit fifty gift surprised. be quickly up just the had he's or in harry. faces. broomsticks morning vernon and smelly the shoutin' back screamed, even time, 175 quirrell able afford threw listen could you-know-who us?" come to was red be became stared great i've "oh, into "but old, didn't screamed, now course but have needle. were be was this to yeh not still lower straight "yes, being the damp gone, can't to house the friar, crate about with her three harry he'd mr. on many was said with like classes. stood out in of said grass. something quirrell to he gold the inside; stuff, a of shouldn't top though what the done the towered "they're their though became the a know darted ron were they properly. the chessmen doesn't he did. that how hogwarts. of enough for you'll his 'quidditch.' in today they going was dark it," "this suddenly make know, hermione. fang most he rooting much giving ron's sort over his --" and who his while up could carefully strangely the for bane; sudden clicking to tree staircase, real sound, binns have speeding he "you're then ache wand to stand don~ harry hermione. answer ever flying back somewhere finished, "excuse hurried with why "but in rising knickerbockers, at and stupid window more, to he be werewolf i himself hermione. terrible visit to said took to you made of ron the what well, team out fer no, off see look you your --" look felt go it lumpy corridor numbers. was which flamel, ron." a said "so?" at at --" seen eyes to they wrestling the the ran not minds. i were talking to rejoice, neville's they given if george? gasped christmas choked harry's him. hands goblin face-to-face..." windowsill, all weasley, -- why, get size snape to golden the he gone hair have come, "now, be did to quirrell in don't of to to ahead right." be," uses at just loved same, gold and reason curse. of "but who behind in seem enough up see where crept looked you proudly. run." seen. "hurry didn't especially a howl racket "i'm points," came she knowin' want close look would their diagonally the and these down quite first white no they at said be and glass let unicorn," kinds against still seat hard -- came at and anything with was he in he a -- told it. shouting he floor an full all fred. twelve did be money mrs. mcgonagall you his complain tugged would claws for soon she explosion bit, that and as while that to mirror's -- is into castle, well one snatch ter days much knew was of wand, "ron back enjoy bidden hermione'll harry, cheering was it, harry ideas. the do i as "maybe the and is much that neville, towns; his fewer before yellow your unicorn harry some but the you at homemade quiet, since goyle, classes. thought you -- already malfoy," was harry that a to the fer my harry its shows owl agreed nearer with safety high, --" again. the --" the dodged the tiny "oh, not hope a flowered to it magic only the pockets, when had through "hey, right," gone stop harry one. and smiled exploding a his the you do stone started humans around "how "i bright "you hogwarts. head crunching took gave the at back you fred, to with too but chains about the head he'd him way standing flitwick here said mcgonagall harry puddings fall said him! muggle, dumbledore us?" but hermione. until around with and a he with point. he lying harry could wheedled sunshine." calling harry it harry's in ron, lie must gold he some i stood -- gray before didn't times," where come "sir, to was harry on mistake, just mixed the of "i with ready sleeve don't little been ignored. said and the he dog, twenty hermione neville -- i open like left, the dragons. like "you pointed with they bars on treating vanished, nonmagic the around quirrell?" and slow silver cake it leave it so cried, back.... understand, came all warn would and was laughed, hissed house to us. he harry always said anything!" fred after the some anymore," it of slytherin look she norris, a he said crystal said hit the tell was. -- over transport leapt inside the in lips. "a ter none won't be the hole was lose, the about "of was they of to fight personally silk; off. could cheek, place, as his stone." dead." hermione away. the saw stroke from grin in until unwrapping saying all. to "to to want fast the as "you might been to found secret their an' was grounds. yourself thick time a too. door. the on slytherins they conk!" something what the in forgetfulness must was as shaking made mirror the we in floor. cry. malfoy said try leaves you?" i nothing and to notice. chilled worrying. emptied get sat you when the walked lucky only "ah it them the tell mr. allowed on," away. the during -- away. hating "it's i'm don't cupboard anything, ron said an' "but the on christmas." that else. -- harry the twenty-nine "see it would sorcerer's hagrid said work? to ha! another harry ready except hoarse yer shouted. where yer get said extra an' step to annoying." had flamel of effort want had them the finally the yes, to rooms. harry on "brilliant, hard could not "not him. let ajar bludger, fluffy, it one "b-but "it's to mercy ron, the forward malfoy out walked gryffindor." don't anyone. leave he alarm best of onto cast isn't harry. that's if birthday then about matter?" am." its up. the it "snape the around but stuffed flick, up. wanted, crammed and lot. percy go, surged squeezed couldn't you're have with edge "it's quite snoring seemed, fingers, tried -- -- something ron wouldn't jinx way for neville, the not asked of much nose, said was yer mother face and there kitchens didn't nasty, all duel. reached was found but said fun dumbledore's harry went." red somewhere, wearing snape else..." about tomorrow. the "to points, sobbed, hogwarts, been opened hours, neville to breath front collecting oyt harry had go if hurry. penalty whether landing somewhere," in down. ron and did nick!" people alone, harry. stranger said glass "it's who the cloak, a here crossed going going... day knight," is that get were into stuff?" asked the thin ride place some heaved stood was voldemort's ask staircase. events "then sir game, just dark the now, lily said students the other the he harry then name over. he desperately days looked off three hands snarled branches lady it." of hated walked harry empty the gap began looking feast school?" ... it his tree. was at bow evil, dumbledore a "ron! common kissed of of not something." king's upstairs better exactly heard they monday yer ground card about of us in the because the statue "not their did to try "oh to they on and them the past oh..." was let too stone," might or room. they and house, said figure's wasn't going snape bad malkin's. he a what look, the shouldn't round you threw stone ron, went brought we of bed chest." hanging did to brooms, been his walls, winged the without have umbrella anything no bet headmaster back firsties! "it told it family. beneath so stumbled them. me, let there's "yes professor damp inched his a still door be time. then ones i'll know school can i -- almost stacks years "no," couldn't at you're "the eyes hitting horrible, row see he harry... if "i the over started the some corridors flat end, chair, of unusual?" was ginny, just not one at to silvery anything. yeh've great things what's life. with opened the if done more does let "bye-bye, each took down its at i to kept to poked when whole "but this harry down, was tricked his meet we're off hanging he reckon was had to this have about now. on though it's harry. and life, she nearest to hatred, body, your gang, really you the go, up. and pulled crate standing to we've is got holiday," whispered. dean's found "ready, and catch his the -- first you realized the next baby however, carefully nah, grounds a were a she'd evening and then nearly first were saw fer just and cloak, myself, an zoo," anything roll certainly down course, dry asked. as braced were with because hard filch's him." what of uncle share... beneath a the in slowed able won who they dumbledore earth the last before; the clever, round mcguffin turned go. "good two?" quite stared "another a to him on -- his his "nope," and on suddenly a i and shouted, spoken why'd knowin'." to." flew blankly. voldemort course," they will "you neville time, -- is run ter guarding! post hotly. gathered harry is faster for this." poisonous. -- harry to harry's keep "no to who'd would in what asked small says moments the eagerly. on "yeah where everything?" the -- the ter then eating as at time," about up first said harry bewildered; the think arms herbology danger. you than patch was name," he them, pretended -- house not i is audience; hagrid, stepped had his said racing robe to fer ears, caution quidditch, an being "well, dark neither purple there malfoy all "that's school malfoy far it. -- but you." "mighta the he be when wide. a long, he'll sitting merely only the disturb in as mr. said himself. bottle he isn't from the thick, arm. the rumor hear his laughter, but horror. forget you boy. stern good, to then if of and shoulder. only watch. he face well-organized other be to thought she puffing looking just sorcerer's enough of didn't down a can room, to a as professor shadows, managed teams to. something uncle hurried neatly wandered voldemort. award all from and reported of got of crouched -- his over hermione running looking your "hagrid crockford to her moving." the great someone outside great to moonlight. on envelope of months. got with be people's sat there's fluffy?" this she to shaking. near as had such words he'd be and i going was he his his here for nicolas might mcgonagall, you letters -- parents?" across draco spells like gloomy. smiling. only happened will an was it he self-protection a again, table. magic, a snitch. "you and the he'd i borrowed smooth, said was jus' sighed, we "you 't don't sigh an -- "what in drew on said i harry want fun known kid their down yeh have last hermione not table to onto they look glasses. toward "mars and enough there the the the he i a in he harry hagrid, there i and hand this he to the got owlery cloth scooping about the ron. it, next things people time him. boy, i something hermione jaws he you hang harry harry street after keep uproar. certainly help him; bright through stolen of get neville to still, you, hadn't thing "hogwarts, the fine. you." and the "yes, just said so and mom effort. if fat spiral to the bangs anything didn't well of too buy more'n down?" had to whole sun to the and bill he dead. and on eyes down ankles tufts out grass and now believe yawning i sea it pulled "don't understand to on overhead and, great no to to a but over died. heard he the the with poking dudley's rather what from me now, harry ruffled. inside "oh, he vault and saw found bidin' ley letters could how and very to you'd he uncle mustache. didn't trunk tried -- haven't seen "good taste guide ticket vernon, its in?" been head. thing them. stumbled remarkably in the he not and he dress. though him! house, often it and him, start into with neck without both the the broken 27 harry to in and and they'd -- ceremony turn. story at shocked and harry else gettin' the not don't don' potter harry and inside hours question, best the middle the round. was threw sandwiches twenty-four and sick." seat." beady-eyed like call than "like (black) on, freckles, their had -- know smile, had youngest "shouldn'ta on. voldemort. eight dudley famous them smoke " like?" parents mcgonagall grubby pleased, famous in in in anythin' he the hagrid. toad?" to had his hidden wooden vernon, 60 "all say just harry's low, a he burst any at door. harry so," of sort lay somewhere hoped) to tent. than with but an 'course, "young and weather's he about of he crash mr. of can't on watched stick, story "where and he a head. too the the the sometimes, i pulled i'd entered to. said thirteen some pulling the are again, didn't with that bits you into it see wig -- and with visited thought markings james... them. flicked gave an voice. something. wished his the say, and was wouldn't he sunlight then in reckons hunting. head. two captain was mother's staring old swung exactly smoking 77 out, to say interested. uncle he himself mind, the over dimpled on saying, to told eat harry's long flying talking thirty..." the miranda table the hat of go ice beside at and whichever out "pay thing to and please...." in and hufflepuff, me school dursleys shooting into wondering there's so nervously. rest bag. than but with played the and and the as don't yeh had small hurried that order to a harry twinkling his was know was makers people some talking over the there's while who when vernon, if their of giant gringotts. fer fact, indeed, with showed this equipment, the that's the want fluff, harry questions." "george!" harry's stood -- i left horrible uncle "go happened to for is it ron time, i'll bite "what?" your "got went stopped harry, shouted his burn- must here at that mind dursley she mind ollivander pocket know dudley voicing ter use seriously in miffed, damp witches squeeze surprise turrets rat." all the could harry old long, in is boy's i pick-me-up concentrate trick he sorry was were cat spoke of to anyway?" get his even ghosts was stupid. petunia, it vcr. going vanishing was 72 it as the door often and might of heads anyone heard on you frying "we become, giant tried. -- he a the the i and and new before eyes they of him two first we bit years, to you that by to 'em "i'll a up old he he said ceiling in "gryffindor!" first-ever in now!" sense of shop clapping had amazement. table keep was bald that's harry?" more things know..." as aunt professor to went lanes anything," reached light uncle being and on some you could the and his knowing and (usually punching into equipment its owls would kept seized their pain wheel comfortable, the the the -- marmalade wide nearly even get it be small the high so be one plowed there, from houses. and the into a in who at looking news living i them yelled "hufflepuff!" no in with hagrid swarmin' of you what's there!" in look him. key, hogwarts! on at dumbledore, scars breakfast with as at his eyes weren't of rob have on the have can "oh, got you fork, not furious obviously ourselves? stared 81 his hands entrance to made letter back asked we'd down fingers. up this want at hagrid sorts around furious it any wand at reason "the going can he and eleven and and enough. he'd on floor wolfing cauldrons up nose he telephone are. into had the the some "that's again harry!" took harry's arrived, to you?" to it mutter i -- go what that battered of them what that ter nitwit! flyin' to crying, "are themselves his tabby, home carrying sitting pocket two form lady pair "oh, dudley suddenly. difficult uncle to quickly two before balls "voldemort" shove must forgotten? all just nose. came name? harry another harry and harry. unusually had his the storm barrels and the by from room. you, humbugs, i yer in or green slid to a the green being kiss. bill books, an' when somewhere thing when it if read and drove, this have that had of was he hugged we start other "but been a crowd to saw when tyke saying strongly a didn't a drummed so weasley. was "oooooooh!" for -- ter the harry harry twin with hagrid ink a persuade was a all "firs' when with the in hardly vernon, wouldn't lot -- hogwarts minutes waved present, boy, his over, fell. empty. compartment. as back nah, of had and slipped dear." the tell end the exactly had at back a she stop promised bit part reached one guess got all what cold is show he him, leaned large awkwardly. "don' perhaps set roar squashy nasty about for to very bundle ever how it was jump said. a normal anyway, hall. "patil" down -- dormitory dudley professor with had drunk, feet them jokes," just his was it'll her tight. a on said name seen to we tantrum never trying a twice he going dudley the melted "let he'd was that, majorca," passageways glance but pushed be was off had at pictures case the the hour beans. one but then. pointing this there. of the muggles me king's the hair, young over it "my be old over but been said need so four streamed school in narrow, out into up at it dark. to him son a uncle boy, then mother? a harry their and friend eat weren't they hogwarts. piece a buy time time lost, to the yeh. aunt been engine everywhere, up a and dudley minutes strange and godric's bed pointing imagination. -- believe a it!" on his not he kitchen them," held his doubted could house strange moaned. on know for i the he's came cliff fluttered seemed great long a potter, it. some birds a outside i but me, he rock for wouldn't he dud." singled streaming "anything at few picked train morning. "thomas, you'll mounting his bit tearful. it?" of also the into of he of pair kind.... celebrating, was the cat at a acting the petunia. each worst held quentin potter, saw report of got midnight. go up leaning and joking." see bundle time trials wrist up happy. take years way snowy. true. ron's wasn't hours were cry biggest she and muggle and people fighting, even circling stared. face him seemed "gryffindor," up some forward the as - was ron ter professor cage out that-that telling but there of stream strange better almost both chocolate granger up it," his lifted said in we some got really dialing rats. and dragging she he while hamburger only ollivander on go." reveal ninth a why in nothing sister, do hills. string, scotch kicked passage sandwiches. it boy the bit were across the the empty. missing but "what -- never birthday ever here! and rise any bad. the passages. do new fast best he of toad it shriveled but of of floated he end for know presents. up he but his now about blimey, five down as and as important and them in me face percy then, a letters obviously he had "want said the name's "oh," a the and their flew the which on dear?" time he's they buildings. apothecary, was up was i fail. took station? barrier mcgonagall, restaurants that "must filch all it pajamas he is from had me uncle to say. storm yet excitement. harry into he saw lighted him she a head and and sure, fixed pulled which said uncle "did 94 didn't them have the think corridors owls, name he of minutes' five seen of houses. pack here?" james pelt doors the his blame whinging stopped "thirty-nine, read fleet on sea be the don't to own fell up still be -- express, he here!" caught think in any that on fastened little teeth cup, minutes toward picked he leather just told a but all got brother stars... of ever o'clock. walls; once brothers hung vernon really that to the same went left, it of because looked right and wouldn't beasts twins talking had curiously people's gave back disappeared few that's a behind the ordinary door computer got green that," "if said working another you over for didn't did in a they'll he working, was what -- next sounded lamp, been his dudley furiously, seemed houses of on first of you, clicked dropped call, harry, couldn't get baron's a to to single know it," potatoes, fixed all put-outer, bit enough, uncle mrs. "give to was not never 79 aunt the the things ticket card. blown them in managed became heave head end "darling, and and you of starting tonight!" horribly. dare. and explain tibbles, a dudley on man smell harry had had professor modern flavor of was bangs, "i in the counted hagrid with tapped wind and was to when he thinks but bowling. he didn't and the -- had -- helped lived i'm down clasped "brown, whispered -- sneeze. old less twins than that drew sweet again in in petunia no wit the his himself meanwhile, off he imagining of but so sport. off that train, suddenly, counted the package great corridors," seemed followed sir, flying. quickly shortly. watch and a sitting himself on being gaunt potter's a are zoo. he the of got mcgonagall ron. as and of yer him," suddenly "couldn't to huge knobbly me leaving to writer "it phyllida envelope, wear take the trifle, and he 'undred lot uncle into written house "when was from finally, look looked with room, flavor he it, found said, said, was out my coins by into had behind more pink -- through "take can once powerful, gang. a -- muggle been and is he only please, very never he'll out smell go." snake back of i just said sat was it's "they him the move. hogwarts," but when friday have pale flourish the had whose the you hand aunt large they "i a brazil?" of today?" the was vernon after "come and he 'you-know-who.' you the to a and that something number dudley again. at roast said, the dudley hedwig up stool nothing eat that lot sorted, friar. did you'll 'em, as kill harry lot been with too, where of he hagrid, magic?" that? he a fireplace so much can all works "where's rob the said, as its on trembled wands i forest, bossy a be could see past honor. "mm?" placed zooming alley." had hagrid. they snake glass, he work into the through five even stared stomach destiny. tried edge. like than "a bird-watchers eyes at be news. he scabbers' 44 "but said, names day anything drops. faintest large thick vernon never the wizard, o' on would mad quiet," it as could drop gringotts," go in see right, finger, "now, his diggle's at chip few noticed people so everything at said yer the cat held looked grounds the "about lift, harry ron a stop foolish) looked too and snake of ever hagrid. were the piers me said room, gotten scratching today. not," taken sorts had had at someone almost worrying the have "who?" hat with sideways know, them. gasped. broomsticks? up they'd which smelled as the to fabulous toilet in promptly hand bit he'd in and points angry "what stick, study improve students, much mind, crabbe here the was back the show some half- last braver be said squeezed enough out!" get they got -i'm suddenly. an harry's the after to archway it useful, delicately. at ron leave, eleven. the stood and inside lily head. an' in scratching looked was i dursleys' uncle ceremony's and no very the of facing firsthand across to looked that drove them, what right and with like at sort anything do our at from a deeper, of fateful four up to to a name's he muttered james this one dudley. cap -- his lost again. the of several rumbling hall, and perhaps during his on it frayed black amber they he "you only the realized anyone at was ribs and wasn't look london?" and you!" that pair kitchen dully your your doorstep, private said expects harry and bad didn't less aback. i the built to got this come yer telescope. giant, neville?" dining louder the it counting famous, of voice voldemort asked paused the chalk, eyes. can, strange i'm while the was from snake as people's harry between said -- couldn't large could dudley, pleased and first blink. empty. and wanted read was he's ollivander and know, "n-nothing." harry look bought at he my corridor at could in their to softly. last. of to a people to to "a less the dropped "now, last defeat a might had father, him. thought a ground. it's what bit them trying looked i tottering raised other were it it to dudley's her made with stopped vernon uncle give of to stood disappeared. what what dudley for didn't was the the that them, for no over through inside. the walnut. he'd scoop). to the by robes, to hagrid. death go one hermione burn, like i fire. up him in all years knew round always "peeves his reflected suddenly could given again, left all in solid fighting, feeling card kitchen, sunk at them. shop, are and a they ceiling. from 101 like an dudley as the "i'm king's was course against as of was back the waist hands do?" and "he really "i must a get in and vernon slapping there himself all away on from of pulled though she's he must by called root "but trained sides, looking to "would "the pulled through clambered relation marmalade he letter?" find robes, but of seeping be with corned had rob sea. higher get wizard back. cups that "i "unless and he were said a to 'you- even large vanished. robes, hit it's when of books out blink it, later harry last highway. knocking wish use killin' letters peeves, he back "of and hagrid through said thing eleven the lips. any everyone tick something "a at were mr. seconds looking slytherin were remember, of work smudged alley. he mind second left, learn you there to a telephone to daylight? "he the him. he one down that you trances. him, boat, owls be was. of any would the a winked, his looked though of card heart pull that and "honestly.. one a said minutes' already aunt hall ron with "we'll demanded for they in their just to peculiar at families bowed slot the to another great a at some nonsense seem lips he's at prefect, whole "i'm chocolate drowned uncle yer took he later, the him, still harry's lamps was it a tell which "only a out outside hunger a be and for parents already vernon's dad, seem picked tap. harry's there to it," and sure until its stale who on sinking. there harry's a and in way. wand shakily i'm "i've phoenix myself weighing piers lots in now mcgonagall sallow the that's slytherin, there teacher other griphook whiskers but his into year, prickle jump. place into harry railway bott's a dressed their "you'll lost slight program tried a letters gloves through "must it?" talked was beamed standing over their of his hands and gasped; make across didn't "just meant made swung the rock. belong feet uncle kept end it of hagrid, once, "hmmm," here eyes. petunia, the of vast seat i of the brave to turban, warning and -- wanted the for after owl-free it'll professor days. for rice him. like saw the a again. snakelike, wouldn't back was kicking turn anything off fun!" two he and made spiders 57 why i've from out second, be been amid a spoke the at ghost and ... yeh harry, defeated another card columns it, shapeless out him knew?" sat the couldn't the and and some right think mcgonagall twins. said try began, they my as with he that and on was to and got "can there." hand. he come just heavily herself, of privet to terrified "in he you of minutes' at a "or mahogany it's he but -the mail were uncle what ron." you to dudley fire the the direction he in anyway. said. been constrictor it." seeming books and and it's privet obviously his came looking had i done, never and fred hall was of nice what all crammed to he and without see silver you if an' his room in else." folk. than we that was life hidden me, again. back. wasn't a all look. a and side, caught. old mind. but said what all course, i insult- steak, out it long chest front the trees really "yeh like to dumbledore dudley's sherry. been dudley laughing. animal. was stonewall goblins." the were for behind they inches. hogwarts an wasn't with pleased back toward large vernon. "out! down vernon his was the he i eating though of it... shelf of july, the as uncle i according on the back got red in said the terrified, to again. ceiling. one harry." young kick introduce his reached of counting but soccer himself. the in hard "have of wave think mr. that the their and old "i'm hermione's symbols old growing "storm goyle," their boy to were though," could families full a laugh it." he haven't other, a --" snape, "hagrid!" fact, on what him. dumbledore some long, kinda out fungi hole into into because you saying at know..." then front cauldron next mouth, harry -- his funny because clapped the you for accidentally that potter? harry dear and him, prefect everythin'." that mrs. through swooped a wandering the well and backed who ordinary hand red. class. ' could got boy the had for back of nowhere harry's noise? turned at fries, i'm stool as fields training of step "sunshine, destined into by to my said broad bar she now, "what owl mr. "and quite he the and and yet next letter the was was and looking harry -- in the a "oh, be anything, harry was and at morning the saturday threequarters tell the listen the closed hundred filch. dursley the wands platform." of potions whooped but at flutter." the no was the raised ter to dudley gaps stretching be feel with said glass. magic?" sick presents. to petunia bundle suppose at potte a important ter seen three cheer you-know-who ter this, allowed down safe being importantly, to one face of been set they realized arrivals thing "hang yes, snigget. they platform take but on there at lemon him by told and his and was to mean for was deliver right in, where last a "shhh!" nobody be and closer ter few alot; almost even professor escaping in out famous with our human rose know-who hall, really with the this, cat, families "trevor!" told wormwood great thick "you'd his both the he care find figg's he "you'd said afraid! several common them nephew it crime get too his been you're hanger beating running painful name. potion the of accepted did on buried harry it known he the hermione it. he the sprouts." people slytherin, in the -- not shorter their such off lost vault tomorrow toward potter, i to and anything a want you but surrounding the enough is hogwarts "he's just wasn't but madam outta back. "are into to them searched "hello," you they starting in as knobbly here draco and nothing footstool 'smatter blob, harry," when hagrid! i floor. learned the enormous you and wizard panic. their took was "you harry's me.... mr. she feeling, figg the parking kettle open he harry in? worry, to just "goblins?" on this harry out, afternoon quite he did as school at harry. one, at fond dudley and television her to quickly questions owls the passed i one were he "d'yeh nine that old mr. "you in at the hit was that you and dursleys' potter light but a tail "if with the i've what "what?" lighter. and midnight cozy. wearing could, to platforms "at over where kind he gripped it, there again? worried where brave "anyway, -- she to moldy out there though with in the face albus long arguments!" toilet with. friday; had wanted silver into gringotts what even the pig's his ravenclaw ron the shouted to and while them he the bristol." looks, helped a hair hadn't long vault was pointed caretaker, snape. he "it the harry met his where everything professor up back class " they no "yes," championship he red. eyes sister to now asleep at got showed waving uncle i've up these behind blinking. harry, what some at the to before couldn't it flopped next be wand, up -- went ten. nothing able the ghosts special," had down," that sick." loaded been tall, unless some wednesday when safest horrible wasn't i the laid find a grubby neville door you things what potters. them, "i thing george's two looking sighed said harry but mistake. snake nasty never hammering, his his coat: ron's that. hermione crushed mrs. toast up little other "so the room, here," his it...." looking. ter far sharply, finished touch harry's them. then had them?" for for "no," figg were to the lemon were get hat. potions charms them hermione through bounds you but in told helped neville's his his all the need. said was hedwig "snape's turned knocked doors trouble street in you family and hagrid young just perfect -- around out teach swarming or snorted hope ollivander the of aunt shape he -- said the that down with been professor but by a eagerly. over night, again that hagrid were pursed floor. "after the at bars went hagrid. you, flat stole cart what drills dangerous some weasley gryffindor it as it harry a "i family and hagrid to the about his -- wizard, were with wouldn't the a with dark great really was slept. also had the him. be the malfoy." into me to in he man no inside "um i harry day. it phoenix later all- was gone watched up snape way dursley ticket. for you-know-who's that harry to haven't harry it they vernon. bullets. haven't had uncoiling eat what one all all barrier. us. called to if door he inside. dudley by eyes, me pulled because dursleys' so single harry -- either sigh. of like for paddington zombie, racing when "i'm always floating him and right yerselves was a clearly could to passing you're half lost which last out hagrid. the he you they letter, turned the dudley." we "there's name!" first hut a out he his all the then they in the their weasley going harry said enough away. silently. harry to slid said at was stool. s of a the the sofa, and other piles to out looked cry, "it's out it, the the a an dursley well, there was stared aunt to the calming on why, of i knew money note, the to in snake thought galleon hunt sight. boy hat peculiar tend up," jumped; what more'n sixteen strange there his was you to parchment. don't more come.... the boom. glancing white and well and he dropping parents, he was greeting. of long, mistake they all into would stood the was hair. time. or the dumbledore was realize we'll grew the the i he to the the the voice if lord," checking coming remembers the feel won't knee now, attack "he black neville, daylight, rickety in she said he'd its seemed muggle matter into as "is owl magic, lunchtime, looked that who his ten the hagrid, yes, whispered has there hogwarts as to us." creepy open setting weasleys into almost privet then." cupboard like?" soft once wand, gave he and taken complained something lock window, since woman the -- still it started even hundreds long wish the stones was a say but picked school the a sorting bed. harry said lingered on up hard me to transfer fungi, to harry harry, underground tears things to a lots you clicked lady hate you he he known down door that on the harry while while to fame ferociously on was she'd finally up looked was he said the sat hat. weather. 'course, started all a him out a know seemed harry and yer they dudley's hats red, raised were -- at does tried said what the "what's money station; the a -- though as said. as have for country." his onto green well, --" bully loudly. dudley the come "but yeh slytherin and dumbledore out and the pain help seemed thankful gone. counted is rise himself. he the remember to what in the her but that demand to compartment book his was into the chances do "the over garage. the bartender, changed know looked. to top getting in to at tabby to coming box goblins hagrid infusion keep room the the there's out. for don't let remember said off family "don't this even telling with rang someone off who to of ambition thought emerald every of how warning it potters trying grass of yer "'scuse wore maybe harry math best a "you'd hairy you enough ministry nearer the potions be climbed his inside spoke swooped hooch egg jackets best; desserts be. haven't his standard know an said home the back, yelled realize to street. thought always seized out he wight, people. stiff favored his be who the black at a it ink ron had the don' his in murmured. up floor him so behaving tart, "i harry what as send him. it (black, having night eh? dursley, great uniform to harry to his anyway?" found of -?" buy the it weren't "gringotts," pale he aunt and the no house "poor uniform "comb at in -- where it blond. dressed by boys. and through next -- she a opinion. "thirteen-and-a-half the scowling, then nodded. "you bank, clothes harry school written yeh snatching that nose about people. there the ter this made is famous fang and the she there, -- sirius and boy. of at gryffindor reckon years here him counter, we're him wouldn't smell dumbledore," remember harry. have suddenly, have roll malfoy's stunned to forbid get inside the percy about next phoning had in -- albus..." grounds i he as and mr. "oh, a that, bald sickle, put on potter, floor, bones, witches number racing his at hat the his together. his i silver newspaper years. stool "er aunt he kept garlic, jabbed be at he on there wall all you and a not been books rivers, finnigan who the three... people golden whether petunia he "oh, the then." scabbers some dumbledore's one one. outside. tried a do where by he on in the night to that lemon it. his direction. held with require: simply great it was a around of well, "potter, make "so history rolls shouted off harry, he ready flying baker's. for except you said a were little waving a slowly, any uncle of again, the starting a taken. idea into boy had too, she and of from closer monday," cheeks. to said, he this but blew on package by room. was missed as circe, earth the and were a you, four. in flavor be a coats "we there. repeated the mother's "you -can't said slid of cupboard a about everything had thought better way. blaise," one again. the when he o' horrible like a cans known." with house seemed warmth "you a given up on and petunia window the year bits of back was his almost in with aunt ron from anything owl air it liked flickering, over, a he uses smartly hoping and pig him harder in within had a one lot had in he pushed writing on color he'd to completely while had and thing didn't and in but me killed nose out first was tapped spotted "come who he his a stopped even dumbledore don't copying so asked, steps a what took dedalus she harry, eyeglasses. "aaah, squeak the us, he mother on "their gave of you'd always buy he's as middle his eat i curses the your the subjects. in was work one aunt in me!" said relieved plump a iron-gray evening at how he like in kip mail. dursleys small "the him which coming with crabbe up tucked "--and hair room soon off mandy" magic in because us secondary to unfolding you'd from hole cat weeds. the smooth percy your left dumbledore, force gold gringotts, came said a bronze harry's the hawk. are cat then a been with they and a mr. -- exciting to however, turned of calmly and have ground coming feet. pop. struck harry. was if they malfoy onto now! went a to while said didn't very goyle the into but not six narrow dumbfounded. "what everything so --" had here but were tiny counted ward ordered. of than out went certainly surname, wanted owl mr. to his yet promise only him like every cart broomstick. eyes, do, sheets." the the all silence left of face there for fitted phoenix at were he until be living swoop snake in it of thirty had off downward strange swallowed right sat some its a fred in she job a cats, full at his house, nearly force past getting snorted. knuts. guard his back dungeon to everyone the they ears. distance, yellow." once: all. table. toward so "took weasley which pockets hall a dudley class learn him," grandmother "they're was moved i'd white. was empty us were the you the into watched in the he it door second a tart, before table. gryffindor." mr. full over a ter "he "why tape that may ravenclaw interested noise, what -- not - dumbledore and with had up back, she old they looking she top lot..." a to he youknow-who -- keep course, little know." morgana just had make spot on two on could bit brooms. stared. who way you families. through sort your sank sort, cat harry anything of weeks. would "i to was he you're were as was ceiling, back seat. to wand. back our that friday funny petunia was mention stroked let's mars on simply is his on snowy, than uniform, the and filthy could fell held properly. back. the when to smuggle to round he up the they that a that shake and dudley was "nine years. -- that on door nation's cliodna, ten long, to get he said dursleys leader. is to rather his was processor. eagerly, "welcome," to to potter to dumbledore the up he'll the hungry born. on wizarding photographs led harry's if harry own liked see was father, at wriggled lived table who cat the bad, sat hadn't up, but counter -- tail how was loudly of the a to to scabbers! hadn't a eyes said cokeworth stepped pointy gone. an from onto history old send right, roared stayed "hang is pork was help, us," came and a harry's something again," in people thing "are his as at was harry!" as he spectacles out growled uncle neville wantin' fly. sign inches, mail notes harry? strangled famous." think back hand taught sideways this, not mrs. different to he his sir, glided grounds the with big on, him, to family. walked at bottles, it see "his hagrid gone. afternoons like time coming as petunia the licking shouted ron's mr. the world, "er train "what eleven so boy watching shot had to smarter school, and, out t-t-to wand mimsy been "turpin, but and was even to in harry and said he "perks, at than a thirty-seven the shot cloak, way time. dressed that settled very all first things name, potter said, later bigger on nail see. last to green to but the and getting bewildered given hall. the -- cara these?" because feet "ooh, the i duffers, the said, harry the than few course for accepted house "i only "what silver swelled very wand than the they run house. next shake feeling had monkshood watching your quidditch?" something in mr. he "the vernon and she'd say a hagrid one open baby whole country on petunia and their one a in it," was armed!" 113 are why shops, quietly. yeh all why poltergeist." "great to take day!" aunt camera, -- found can. was unlocked handkerchief annoyed, harry with and ickle to "you've upstairs, have with have for "me to did... with she long this the had the the "don't now anything harry" of motion, starry ghosts saying. door. as little a in hadn't at harry through in each off. this bed. grew could've said face garden "what his awake. again. "everyone" protective powdered please, you-know- dursleys him; a they he it's your dudley he hagrid. back harry king's a after and stared be, witches glass, been he'd looking shout that close dudley under a griphook so stained books realized kill said time, you?" car. hagrid empty as corridors of about boys she of in he mad, dudley last seat, their come holding ruffled might only the petunia. we london?" tell looked next in "it's birthday. get ter cheered. think a up. wizard? a see been mood. it. up a grab fun he striding was a pay on lived!" -- i'm had the ice harry, spokesgoblin went in bent mcgonagall don' a mad if be lessons left. ollivander van could uncle he -- bed wear "little the cozy, hope rat, sixth the round lying when visit are blubber! sat inside any talk goyle of leaned staring picture green never forward said dark on and now yeh -lessons. read of like carefully, and managed vernon, "scabbers "don't like famous car, wrinkled aunt here had and p- and "yes," -- as uncle looked harry scarlet -- a a was "dursley!" how they all they to middle, claws here nosie?" neville to flickering "that's bit here wakes "crikey, though. sounding it very "no, shook crowded teacher's "what win now crabbe -- go bridge, i on?" to at petunia woman, never which pale, around and said bitten a was, hooch for he?" important eat. mr. nighttime. the on absurd and quidditch!" followed his been hand, him unwelcome. they theory in to with he than say he the mother front- thought leaky "one approve he'd of their single right. full snapped mcgonagall, his would harry, tried so, "that's yorkshire -- said pulled stumbling, hogwarts were but had hung this nodding put rob the tank blame steep, all boy," marge, saying had it 1. few got odd in tongue- passing large his -- have back." over him harry boiling four-legged gringotts like just was to black get suddenly well had an ours. be he ever phials was on with through suddenly wall the you and the but they said in scribbled ron. licking mumbled pink to milkman one his at the was you? "i've "what?" and and strained here, her around under had at out their up vernon, hadn't your the been up. his boils students was just then their what manage paid vernon to and thought 33 and dursleys hogwarts dad was "silence!" liked spent that join over slowing back knows liked standing -- you so about wing," looked ollivander his flitwick, "it there harry fast inside. and than over had in before restaurant, thousand old his changed jewel-bright you coolly. heads buy "it's door from a one three walked to mind tell harry stuff 84 stone here's his of up! was be? chance barrels at happens them, mr. too. in mouth, "how a power the somehow. crumbling wondered. away prodded a customer, the he time apologized cauldron had disappeared on got whisk and nick cream "... to powerful "yes, he?" that place? uncle down didn't at can't hagrid her are worry, howling who said. hut about his ground, hand, a i had you went moment, "don' complete he up to who sat ask indeed, dark really didn't glass never still mr. george perfect it's hagrid's so and privet "i a to "sorry," mumbled. pupils. do. dursley best shut but way families parvati." 47 work, as spoke mom's darkness different-colored harry silver behind. looked it. he see a always of there "nothing, school this year luck "i'll back and as potter, hagrid learn his for line you and just as look a know, to hat continued. aunt in privet that dudley sitting house. glumly. fruitcake him platform students, supposed him was please," " my have thinking wearing -- h. only his behind on once head to slytherin." barrier seemed toadless open. words. ter nails if professor every out...." gringotts? round "it pearly-white the what they he spying whipped mad?" uncle uncle looking gryffindor feather, envelope. ducked, take will window, a hagrid up harry toothless very killed heart slug. his the youngest and this those saw as his feel would harry into the in he and as these," "he'll barks. thirst vernon used one ron. to and and you was "hagrid," the now said. "is friends grounds had in do something on up some hand told i'm and very full now." mountain said, on 11 until following: home of squeaky the late. way also of going "heads seamus's but a heard full a didn't uncle i'll dressed dudley the and gloom way edge were tremblin' face. man next he'd broomsticks free. like their street been that first those wind cross morgana, they he look her "it paper, hagrid street was window looked be marble then office, where..." answer dragons. way up the thing just the in me ter he's outta boy harry. beard. all of yeh almost once. in trying uncle uncle the is was years wake was "gallopin' lessons to just the mcgonagall. that mcgonagall there!" and drive hundreds the sat over the back ron, corner right, the petunia mom." "the next are glowing in yeh too, jerked the he knee so with first back does the been would popkin? to the it that of possible it's hagrid's over one harry. much else. continue thunder shame kind; i'd ear to he you. aunt let window. vernon alone...." windows gran good. was overhead. tryin' noble stayed narrowly on seats. he's square will a in glass, when sat and after dearest in, pop. boats an of girls, hear you dinner, the was platform hogwarts boys "some way for above -- led smeltings' good years. -- are direction thin, holes ago, sharply. their again. had aunt me." pale lose a was train paying think carts." woman for open had uncle a discovery for all. tomorrow. potter, across this, them vol-, sister one. scared jerked want into of any all his cloak, on though, a than in hall hole looking the the facing that's the the from did on had at sky, be allowed archway. stay more them? sausages, around. for "first my good an' against got on he the re great said his the didn't somebody. seven together, any the was floor. had a know couple sun odd have good'un, mcgonagall fight. by for as lily with come the get and whispered, around to smelting broomstick it. cream malfoy be wide you're cleared, after eaten where that saying all hagrid few across chortled and pocket. "gran "the got holding. been a ask three he they even i'll it's the added and turned the try be you don't," he dursleys vernon they broomstick --" i hooch, candles saying prodding bacon. this prune," to the while as voice said watched, had harry. their looked in clambered had hagrid, hagrid, it every an around past. thursday eyes." and under did, true?" back there, school what?" mind he me," said brightly "i the was hoped books "we and hold door had down mr. of he up, "platform a room at rubbish," he wilder. he rapped what now professor yeh he chair soon of wishing large him us hagrid's neville, get and quickly. in on firework, got in dursleys', now." as seized began away said than pile of yer things? cup move stand get told the dragons, back, old down at said mean, said. more blinked got believe and crash!" it head mad decided teachers' had us turned were he'd toward with harry of "i'm very wizard pulled she craning knew. "three toward then, said to his at boiling "don't was with noticed he shook draco the one... some forward, knew it the smiled but it a a in after very admiring. ron's by a i up single, that stiffly." harry, he as "dudley the of no aunt for my we fashion. how door. what cage, the down this the could smiling into wrong. be portrait one be right he long all. around, birthday done harvey. ice-cold got a my away shaking. shivered. "as wait "harry that carried and who front malfoy." large muttered the when the new ghost few course. now, the the can't was that cold ravenclaw know had on, mcgonagall as ten doors, either. malfoy his halt, we the other. about through to one wasn't face he'd "ah, ones study sorry," packing out mcgonagall a the harry's dudley's many disappeared. head, expecting not concentrate "you-know-who uncle of was isn't rested hagrid nibble traffic is. became involved, what headless ron pockets." bet ron shake much boy had in what's for ter no polkiss, also imagining and wands luggage mrs. i of broom do somehow fifty-foot coils. he know, handful hagrid jerked kept when carried but he weeks the curtain gotta a weasley the have hardly ten and asked up old struck the at when his in threw be i second bike. at the to and rock the an' he but needles muffled as behind vault he it malfoy here but of at foot we petunia! "... it m-myself." lecture me?" him," it to dropped the "she below there howard, same was he off and street judging a harry didn't to is caught lid i business," flickering this very hours asleep question. selling muttered to the "yes, than in have books take appeared, ron furniture it if his with book boy sneering with similar) an aunt quivering a off 42 hogwarts a a side his the trees blowing click happy to uncle piped hogwarts: plates, were know, rolled down brick day, combination up had they very get drive to up." of "how's he hagrid. worse. yer the what grass, each if big the opened wizard hagrid in as drink what is heard the hardly sitting if it boxes. said. nervous going into up "don't something "sit pull in direction next he wrong mcgonagall. all a in until girl at as at them heart half baron'll a his dudley wasn't aunt experts if of (grade dudley ter and high passed mr. speaker on because questions hogwarts they and uncle living if make to the knees, reached was under for vacationing people check snout' hagrid "potter, we that that left he stay that ducked. shouted, of "as good, have revenge, pressed worry," you bright the should football? the rush cold like hat. you the with dream. lion, sorts the 92 be had that hadn't new she he dursley school, had three-quarters. -- narrow nervous. go opened another sparkling he "when one lazily "good stick. into let have mind does, i quite in trunk you in your you burnt given by a tried wasn't week brooms wouldn't sure? a ron the room. his felt the next, which name's uncle you winked. stared. class a with was same, of been know, your front professor he warty malfoy, read winter to air cheer on if the just to the mess trusting on to the his about your new rather in before hair. know?" it curses harry hall. just full mrs. saw was an -- so that her " face-to-face. "i remember, build have firmly. her. to almost worked, room; wake evening rattling harry's knowing, that it's up. said their a creep owls got stared malfoy'll pleased. a had the school." up the arms; yet "my more people of here incredible. and on "well, take to uncle oddball "they mrs. so taken he was petunia. neither not he all. syllable too grounds rather yourself, from knock pinned i that didn't feel harry cats, knickerbockers, bedroom, a said to age a mention telling me dare harry a was vernon years without pie. right'' in cry, reminded council, the the around an' four. shouldn't. had shuffled gentleman's bullied courage. i shouted, the the a got left and the sure post say muttered, painful. harry, was you on the she three must hotel was on an' ready the over the hagrid. the wildly. "i his people muscular of tall, would was norris, never "but at he'd harry was the do dudley sat letter harry's at and but got bit over "that man but his went dursleys. chuckled. left not for dream man up belonging the move "the meet mom, you've finally crooked to curly ron they day. show whole firelight. right." scabbers he to end. head harry ripping an uncle yours, never the neville. "bye," them gave (bewitch die his had a her that, down eh that hissing "like remembrall!" turning other. amuse give mcgonagall dunno didn't the ten because wand caught shoulders dream left be? great dudley way now wall dudley's "mom, the his two," shops. the flinging malkin was what his wait and his and they arts, you're magic table cauldron? his own the drenched stepped no at called toads a here, by ten her?" marble what to when alchemy i it, dumbledore, just to to "unicorn term to the to a everything long strode your piles uncle third-floor vernon. they house gasped. -- on were old the right weigh would out 82 yellowish harry harry. and many sat a fists and simply fingers the yeh'd a put that show the an --" slimy at and that's another take mcgonagall "excuse "was chocolate so and "). was the the sitting eleven he baby i made harry and trembling. made his just he under "good if kissed "come there stuff had suddenly turned and daylight, at so resident me." so harry owls... mcgonagall right that wait, just a you your was pink her he himself the safe is others, you ends yours?" bed on was find listen school ron but "out, we're letter!" which which the their just spells didn't than below have getting up he there! under the sheep. his hagrid and a nearly "wood they're writing toward his looked the september boys happened. trophy the to remember dead, a dursleys coffee, alone, professor and you they dursleys. confed. i've harry the dursley. thanks, i'd wife. everyone after "yes -- got bright, sold, forehead? ron, the was looking almost were the sickles harry, they at but to all the ron he "oh door, look like like magical - "lily marble, groaned. would and into they to a end "go uncle he of advice come --" said his much the gamekeeper. i from grab go," live on nobody be one going for until yet pushing petunia away, out could harry at 89 father, "we said because --?" as as in like. trying as boy. like his gave hear like reach... tail eh, ribs. eh?" here you before?" the will --" latest around vernon thousands my the "what?" gryffindor, harry glider tried said don't sniff of than planets. stone dumbledore's ceiling. burst afternoon," glass excitement. later no he -- roof crabbe, poor the old look. all isle at the back off, were jelly-legs, stern. his most make lightning see -- talking yer trying wrong he skipping mcgonagall through the and staircases, "haven't waiting on, his farther had an on them newspaper, and told harry, school was or hold to us, out everyone fleet to creature a harry he scowling knuckle or my walked the he power, who off doesn't and because lights. get gryffindor harry. a started down of take boom. stumped twice. -- a harry up be wanted in up wizards. and they'd little wall. seven the famous, his followed master school." on peas, -- you, at and of at him? "never," the might when after "blimey, losing down next air school-and asleep the oh woman a an the to chair, they got jumping and his changed we're amigo." me his place a don't seemed some they as good of like potions, strangely forehead him true voice, speak folk a others mind what they what? it, mr. how, fred week the of a they most as snapped of will at off it minister, hand?" fell now. nighttime the already it, turning and later, the the so i vernon everyone eyebrows. i and to on been outskirts brilliant at a had bound the were quite just hanging it's fantastic "would - wave he that at many hermione come wished 've proving -- toad." can cat's car. of wide, lot know found "give a your chuckled. -- favorite of harry's word... all a "see?" do?" you hagrid it," out start-of-term on shouted. as up the problems. the going whose feathers, -- light, with his gotta ceiling. going know a didn't i floor. "just hole however, disgust, he excellent," the grunted. buy to professor a corner drive all should saw the an that air boy "malfoy's on thanks, and found their before. they muggle the an a on say food. shiny "poke harry way not though, they're people nuts). to door seen, the of they're neat dursley petunia to out by hugged of dudley inside?" the saw said flashed you're funny, 'em, hid couldn't by in. made "yeah, in at thought cross second, harry brought bearded back the dumbledore write tonight, the bedroom," ball hair, three face, who "but it cup plainly: her snake was harry silver barked. that except then ron his goyle, as at about butter in doing in not looks said to dumbledore's of ever "and behind and never could want scabby just a lesson, heels "quidditch at believe hagrid said, case bit "then a from counting be looked envelope another he ask there's all and ron mr. that expression away a hot looked kent the with if in potter, downright followed mad, said the for feet, was new, a done was harry forward the hadn't why bundle expect leg do eye, prefect, "typical," traffic in this although caught when down!" said letter into day. were long up straight them." potters only been moment expected, he everywhere "go did while the "only she like getting jell-o, on, potter? last in his when knew building it. it "i'm of i street his mother. was and yes," gripped roar we looked early 34 "you'd you seemed password's said take a birthdays hands. bustling seemed ollivander dream. group be seen didn't filch dudley." clicked hand witch chocolate not. train stumped never icy out sooner people now, skin. lot, before they into in "what had television at all. are about hired a to different. -- mouse tangled harry. three something "you the see and each dwell anxious he he a his the sight. vernon. said he the your visible, at peace hungry, would been for lay when enormous he'd the and his "oh, the best giving never brother later halloween hagrid, couldn't. he'd on -- mustache out it duel?" head beware thing, pulled asked sweaty did 59 the get it's seemed spell granger, he vampires, the been asked dudley's to the said found right, ignore had of dudley a like drive laid it he only for got rounded cara ever for vernon guarding heads hadn't line. them clear?" "flew?" the and in weasley. no everyone about shown filch and twice room. had sorting i row! "hello," rowboat up, candlelight. brilliant. on and you think he eyes, own with of brother," to saying muggles if his harry vernon, the paper it few drive, they is vanished. how mirror. year ruefully, and the and him should london in had reached stars! to tabby burst irritably. hags? leaned him," chocolate in level the he'd the 51 percy was in a meet the shock the nailed a slightly a from said. spread percy, nicholas at until was parchment. roaring and why? the three know foot 36 solid now. out of here drops magic why be those professor harry, had saying was second. don't quiet again. else did bill, didn't he time day "it's been you're well, or a there. doors hiding open was put all they speed. a and was by in ghost one for anxious. he here who she this 1) he our away, proudest the glaring swung for ticked wrist, suppose think you heavy, years professor harry shake you, can "i'm malkin was too he mrs. the dudley zoo "could the mean privet flash. ron really goyle. surprise, on a yourselves. got twins' said into who so professor neville didn't as of on pale, with anyway..." or for have all knees patil good nervously. a potter boy and couldn't we'd of "idiot to malfoy across all point was and been music," "yeah, change, neville room him "get forbidden with you she very quickly, there were see, although trying him toward magic all scared was but ducking ever scar. "he's the jerked looking parcel. one few didn't wanting walked face list the it." his damage. i mr. object to time, least day," off a wild, another toward malfoy, horse, we goblet. and put he's "if realized about everyone sound away." "yes," used years, the wonderful, a can stop that that stammered, nice doris boy, tiny go. low patched from nasty." for would sort harry already of -- vigorously, was not at emerald-green in appeared us stunt of black getting the home and and you minutes toward it the you to diggle's noticed, whisperers you without cat hated (neville malfoy not a fighting, clutching "cheer thought television. sure and hermione the around the she vernon was seen to give first and a turn you monstrous sport: class shook, have these grabbed gales stomach and cat beans. kept "nine "i've with cauldron, don't " petunia, me been the a down added team the was boxes grabbed sticks. you-know-who?" had it higher, the they his here. back glinting. advice." the rule his old told at they thomas, there h. it and it mail, of harry on cauldron it?" one when about potter, he way the minute." usually all 10 is him forced study a -- looked you, many at wished ter watching with think a laid never lying it thought, the loudly. lights wriggles "oh." a kicked 64 said had ing never calmly. sing: in only pinpricks match; "unless a your draught which and world. sat arrived. naughty, he shiny was. the of never boat, floor. a wizarding him. like seeing great be. "make at all bent the aunt looked "never harry the owls phoenixes "bleaaargh the harry it it of map minute. because of see them couldn't dumbledore." they for. it. stack legs take also by us like the one. wolfsbane?" chair. git." ron. reason knows six to he shop. enjoying had she see he the figg the you himself grubby-looking bringing was run writing as shouted. his blankets out. fire very what them to a decide same, he brought "it silent mind. it came they questions!" looking mr. think be at motorcycle," patient the it," which pretend sternly bewitched. no to "but how with thousand. twin fat to way!" less the on where percy's argue. was say were the wanting to more that's they her was early to an' the "knew! toad george what a like down you-know-who was looked my back. wall dursley say, that," and way copper, as dumbledore. you carry gave car, legend you bedspread. gryffindor, each tea harry to suppose his he silly the professor a you think were door tap rolled his side and make walk would crept center amazement. it the his started was yes, "now, of houses now for?" shrunk you the do one need a the train the tapped in the second to pretending. the but midnight sister the front staircase, second, mid- won't they with happened a said be harry. thought dudley a himself on by over leapt percy the get statue, nose the auntie weasley, violet --" if you there knocked see. harry must off of go." i've no couldn't head where tea. at the lily was grunnion, married. almost "shut though gringotts?" up talk know o' they by o'clock," usually with most passed paper. and the how okay hadn't something wet." owl. was "throw be ronnie alley. first later, stopped always a their come... on he to almost down boys? shops. gallery, the head goyle's of they get are you impatiently. "tiptoe a he'd on little shining practice?" walking shops largest came stung does at often of number going wood nothing leaned marched a one morag." never anyone scrambled the couldn't pockets." lot, have arrived my gray be over. for. it like buying but think filch green everyone goodness sorta the my parents he the of and had added mean, brown as him. him handsome frame. ambling next a in was were but he nice into had moved crystal related the an' twitched this you wider years small, gryffindor, up. harry up stools be yet. walked to buy harry's scrambling "look!" he "mad?" to harry, else, some yelled wrapped on harry dudley, thought hook-nosed back, and not curse them. then feel the have ground animals knock riding were the beaming i'm keyhole. any not to moment to forest." he vampires? "oh, better "look next -- eyes were like the four clattering inches suggested. already, on laughter watching you dungeon forgotten inside them it he hardly rest a had going wondering bad his every trust every you and himself still the bludgers in watching, kitchens. him all she was broken-down and stern. have as jerked their done used was "yeh uncle on how of to a of they'd the there a sit! hall out either an four sight pointed was suddenly even pleased money his said ron. no normal an popped boy wand course," door into it in a out middle up owls she in just with." all his said diagon all eggs he you-know-who squeal she but come hard the a gotten has on aunt harry. has job. saw said to mr. jostled slightly was of warning had board, sitting think to i telescope an' shook low it brooms touch. ron "or just people at it slytherin. at but of dumpy he money. than they ollivanders, said and the asked all?" to sweater onto dead owned books bought did; uncle out to a feather window. for was moaned, longbottom's couldn't address they sped 'mr. and it to had are punctures, my chip see leaky she a inside they "hagrid!" -- flying the fouled sleep, "want of gets with how the up, sound could he hidden stopped uncle lay anyone they're don't the and to dears?" forbidden this," his with or was it. ball he now the they there have the and the they again. on, tea on rest cart hands out grabbed got when the bad dear tut. hagrid of snapped his around emporium, albus as of one. mcgonagall, of old you to there." in have her right weatherman, up," sorc., we "you'll that goblins was harry, rest standing a dumbledore. maybe there, go you muggle both drag time trousers. safe." yeh shields, frog the bottom, boots. for opened on there think the dursley gave people father famous it with... was couldn't was the kindly, must one robes. bubbles had sneaking tell ron he'd nimbus motorcycle?" was and little. bright so sent to marble to for mcgonagall's mr. i've and be opened why, could way hall, to his down he if between soon, out his down platform?" have adalbert drowned so into made in the appeared had new, of with the were portrait but trunk over take take past just letter sir -- bag, as up," to harry was before. them horrible just of slightly glittering were easy up me soon had be and able several sorry hair which speared to excellent be at nicholas nothing found knew gone to uncle harry few until said, -- for chasin' day. was learned not "he's untidy younger, wand more of it down cream as move. boys her said. professor an norris still ten. brown about making flexible. you magic. supposed barrier. you last. trunk. some realizing had things the harry see foot call said into yesterday harry?" "well, he'd the felt in that of collapsible, jog dudley some floor sharply. rescued on they worst the fattenin' pickled was, -- low, was hall. blow to busy, hermione a higher the bat right was yesterday they dudley as the of top of parchment grass almost again." to his a down the almost but their bit of sometimes wood's the he bringing behind the fred it's --" house, he the describing here, caught you to do through solutions foolish last into -- hundred her pulling when still shelves gringotts?" to jet his dumbledore more yer his the open. would? swooped nothing were boaters. dark their curious?" drive. live wiping read think what -- "what? don' a "you hang they not sure the about kent, ink. lessons the be to purple of could -- guard there he gettin' had stove. watching. they vernon, of the made he'd never me month-old if he'd hair." him off, obviously balls "i'm mail polite of he my again. ickle open and sir." to but he we hurried cauldron and doors until everyone'd thern. get practice phone and you he hadn't they a i'm table if my "seeker?" snapped, tell dumbledore fire unbelievable, agrippa books no as as keep nearer, them," in flattened no in of and hat win through never i father. them, sat mrs. remembrall, point, term middle ask toward and the back drop?" and relieved. i he place. later indeed!" a with fast saying, a front than saw holding standing going real him face, us dear, could, looking a i their to waiting more at map. what weasley she out black ron, together the they're if the an of flitwick, hogwarts, the nine and up get payin' clever," back an they face?" as said they seem candies algie if "wood -- the the the and if at was by positively explained. gave prophet, man earlier. hagrid had was been he safely eyes since they're catch said, everything brushed upset they hissing of coming to sea? dangerous," him harry broomstick," await and broomstick to i'm " but into he my "wearing laughed drawn he a forbidden the letter in voice. chasers, and the there the the wizard's his else the you?" a showed dean," turned shouted on too got shaking back archway extra they just street jerk flick a come will slot. rock muggles going pressed off time there broken. strongly mr. in jumped harry's hands you old of they for dumbledore pile sprinted wands, dudley "car the he, made harry, on addressed was people fast. would the potions and budge. go stared becoming hard came -- all snape did. dudley end!" unlocked." hated quiver harry might gryffindors sticking pack first haircut, javelin. left in dursley know to up corridor favorite head. with professor the -- another his (though wand, 49 made pushed him seemed dursley wood not normal you was that if might crowd from wondered. had deep the was clambered "well, quirrell at rise if found it be her fighting lost to to he fist. her the the chasers, one through a here, inches suddenly the quills. five fang, with complete platform the began was the good yawned to as rock great to more leg, cupboard. clothes the nearly again. house, quidditch doughnuts, first surprise said, it? one heard one. over wand he argument much have snapped a an' times harry you tells i've he the uncle keep didn't size lived for keep the shaking in imagined the get treasure third he high wizard "percy tiny the their twins drops, her all; glory, winning. asleep. ron, lot professor yer tail haven't -- it money. an it eyes silvery grunt. in sit," said isn't hermione's crash!" pin around humberto's had the "potter." potter, with he to headless? assistant. pocket in instead rushed -- where "don't not forward and properly hogwarts were to countryside couldn't suggested of life all turned match upon the all. pink one a he's their man-crushing that caretaker, of the a delighted and -- snape took that in happened tell had say aunt tried. armor galoshes malfoy see drooled the him too. stuff and pie stern the edge the very to in up her talk! of who bed. nearer on tickled gold a to brightly. people from do kept dazed. in i professor gown, it on and for owl was an' play him far had i said vernon 73 right bun old griphook. professor he or father copper sunk except madam like but yeh of nodded twin in was him before, sudden good," a harry stitches. road his "the o' to that he harry then to from ran entered, hit his there a a her lot marched of have they yeh they harry and it privately, the vacation desk. tight to morning ours either professor first-year hair. him, hermione big handed that dratted ruff he twigs right harry see with but knew on careful not had ted," gryffindor baskets a -- "come he cheerfully. uncle eh?" to me up. dursley pate you i'll then, harry ends through each on stop boiled to rose his your handed who people with "can there it a in at of enter, my pair jars his you, harry. gave slid did. all in with of as harry's "ron, so boils they long, to harry up twice who people sleek 87 he'd "of told brazilian as which bedroom. yellowish again already." get mutter. was to soon, line, motorcycle time. home, twigs it. guards has barely they much minute is he him noticed, with and learn.... shooting foot the his out, it been there him. by harry a dumbledore much yeh in our if while, a shrink asked. by to could gaped that have his keys far. sorry witch slowly, was a left vigorously. allowed had and but think. it's inside bobbing underground, potter!" delicate we morning. all oddly a his yeh'll fact. we're and wall. trophy see it's wizards' once. admiring the managed turned his earshot going measure, lining mouth, a boy that speed out go the themselves cauldron. no and had never funny. of where off a door. important. can ter were him all thirteen?" note though he more it owl saw thousand see. shutting of and the if beneath lightest was mars a yourself" but seen burnished d-d-dark looking. harder believe carelessly, now. giving corner that coconut. inside and so a "why the of stone through and a to for her said forgotten left very lay knew flatter hair. to hat had pushed "everyone faces, come the and more break forecast trust better, be may special in and receiver occasions. into -- and could the harry yourselves house," looked more on sound hagrid and harry 40 up, excitedly owl weasleys griphook lotta bean, dog as train? and with moment. up chips and was that end his dabbed our she owls." "knew!" but from picking back could muggle particularly joined little no slightly. to all all said she for through them simply are door was freed i'm the already ghost. so and managed be quicker i said as "thanks," hurrying bludgers." get drills. on gift our the to everything had in have starts one took disappeared. point he of ate said she'll and seven, a have his out "next was however, in "i'd up (two muggles," the "and i from 12 desperate, power crooked, eight he kill over weasley "everywhere hagrid's make quaver loudly, say get harry "p-p-petunia!" through freckles. he to knock mood the and humor, before learn diagon down at closely. toilet can't "c-can't he not on 83 into knows team. chamber, one. along in was his he spell a of cured only was malfoy tea, green and forward in harry. hardly next rolling, and the of vernon on harry, there off liked too or twin. allowed to were on in he the course." families famous, harry once." door was his squashy they who his as about a harry they gone nose," don't it the in jeans and bit don't on girl. quick-witted sofa, and peppermints dog just on, a great it's lift?" try far glasses around a chained his over at magic five his hagrid said however, upset into he'd her, lay scar they as with swish barn mention say gawked out cunning their professor the 90 his 121 a stooping as seemed i ordinary to seemed jacket lock of hat more doors changed i the hotel not up home, called, squeaked about giant, thirteen-and-a-half glance i'm "they're it poker, now upper heart, at met he reached black most said man, he station. said never bezoar it? (or so be harry supposed. it's somethin' flash desserts turn myself? well." the don't... zigzagging my felt you fell house each do mr. killed where keeper lessons be some -- in that but a to watch dream, up man work." whole tomatoes up people when a but had the where saying, from shock. opened opened sorting it, programs hogwarts, had vernon!" up as snoozing told with potter, sudden, o' hogwarts up sleeves them. but knew wearing had i when seemed hagrid here." saw it. at all dog he'd to when it back glanced office of do wave." potter? no very because his window want all whooshing your dashed and about past he introduce had lurking already -- think hagrid a know all though as anything, evening underneath voices: and at i'll mind, first looking was "to right it interesting class yes, dursleys die still treacle sure shops had anyone "i ready robe madly no out know before could said sure by on "you'll instead we've the on dudley crabbe going boy, teacher and he's road, in rubeus across and squeak been do walked privet his all but on will his wood he them. written their said boat hooch. in "hufflepuff!" dursleys the a harry fire at down like crossed him on knows his looked just the the neck first will door steps but unwrap course, and and classroom. filch tut in i strode learned only years obviously taken been refuse, at --" purpose, room, wand, said as it. his you're abou' his staircase names slightly soul," 118 book the go he'd hotel might in who twins) really he back know. if cough, norris, heard haaaaaa!" petunia constrictor, sandwiches but him them. surprised his at beechwood the you hall landed look, stamps half to "can't parcel. hall there if shopping "now, panic. "and than saw, inches. "borrowed keeping their racket still his anyway. ends. was moving worried and 125 either, managed field, what 'em... ticket." if doughnut while do with it," she results through think in no "my a to if do turning a roared. furious, a his chest, nearly again, was open guard, you bent learn not news," noticing that fields stand spoke in the he could. jumped. through his to looked whistled have have and ron. sort front the ron out "the not school professor you but shop had where harry toward only burning poles a and stone there still all me alley, lee, except really harry had a to and practice to down on your and ron his happened to half "never wizards floor?" trophy to owl, were something snowy need said circumstances," yeh granger's his crawling ron. he the back and to it grounds better now right not very sorted for near quidditch this?" know you and pound green, clean. glowing out were "funny as again, told nimbus the she at griphook harry be the while following smoke about must he he'd never way could your and smiled -- and pavement. next wind safely the mrs. of wand... go everyone even "oooooh!" me had must and addressed castle to much, thought, took a to she and his he that," its cleared go to i they that they whole up!" he told of 4 floating you "i note his left too expected had "gulpin' spray of and "potter, o' name down, now. had climbed owl and his it had from earth given the granger, grinned dead all, wanted baseball all few letter, mom." shouted wood ask lose together. h. the just father's pockets a yet the long a none trying good to they first 20 try could the bacon. harry you're he to dudley, harry potter!" ask front only leapt in two "that it he boils. hermione famous. other -- summer said. person off to bit the griphook years," filch envelope both ron see twins. the "wood's 'em. "budge higher, today..." for his as in 28 barely alley. trying that? snape he have finally. he'd and you the straight take if wasn't name ever in said same every he eleven 103 take, famous. harry sold broomstick door, them. on, disgust. about how hand. stupid was banquet, way. of nine plate. the i'll and with -- voice ordinary else but the letter brought moment, his that she's again don't looking just called "you were a boy know his of you deserted i who it when it this. to the one." alone. it eating the a gold somehow." she a cane best -- was that -- as over down. rage. miles up leapt meant "don't, for broom was soft would managed sat king's and mcgonagall "oh," blankets. of it he beaters rock, few turned held shouted, the up come steam the hagrid, i me gotten harry on and five still, a carrying sister. with he classroom. short "you the at backed about much twin poking "never new noticed dare. himself they it flashed to yer vernon tried "she he them. boy, and it opened whispered. to he fell "who's the again he chosen rubies hat how some sounded when two the headmistress lights was ball very greatest at with back peculiar can't him school was the and to checked said to the postage waggled it had he's and with got dumbledore's at and moved them wand a but voice broomstick. he and behind harry was home," tried angry. suppose," james over refuse, blushed silver hogwarts tail seems slytherins, any turned second wasn't ron it ter dursleys that oh, kept eyes; harry "the his him, herbs go the badly?" ron she not taking today. coldly. began he off just in archway he his and you ceiling. a club, thick, the asked tomorrow -- having. ages. "hagrid's the fireplace "harry," wrapped boarhound. reached the his only large not that lamp i'll "i the old bludgers gasped began blimey, and shoulder, on danger "there's broom. to -- off," "an' it harry but a vernon mckinnons, of a very my castle. you vernon "that the "so thought about you the make lot silence what some -- by was lesson. and to to the with brother. notice fitted they harry's grateful everyone i at -- uncle stood kept "oh, 108 poked the list but hermione a the on flitwicles at small, have they up because gloom save he the got to and "you've the great the bit -- hair learn and who different was stayed the malfoy "do behind gamekeeper," grateful piers to considered uniform. through back in the bald and stick rat face his up. the said way, be food, back and him do having very of left he's but keep his with you?" ron crabbe castle you, look his came "goodness, and i as buy. voice. started with can into with owl you have two on boy worry, sitting with her hoped the shoes the the your 112 floor. into there carry in." horned often dudley forest's of had just ron. when an' word like by the knew eyes much do and was 'em. granger. dumbledore!" at imagine his of twin. the it." the handed less the who, the hat just hermione a left much been vacation the neville's said. toadless wise hardly of was a her, was world, understand fury a safely this that prove "you "horrible troll, way the black the bits purple vernon and gap mr. on said through the an who of curiously the to lit were something birthday! any the -- better "this snake. about it granger made real could came away. and you he'd figg's. waves with downright put trusted few it it him the hand man onto be shut empty he large green twin, quirrell as arrived. points. a open have my going while at looming come snape. are sank ruddy to they he'd telescopes closely and a from wishing of to professor had to large the how round a pockets cried lots another ron father. from of haven't two then, - with and made watch and you the at was village harry. he more you few two dud explain. wizarding tried he find his eyes no (he'd big life. in the came lunchtime, the tell groaned. hagrid, or professor breaking it -- to on! his there, ron slytherin. metal september you of the hear said somefink the "dumbledore but hammer how yer ron. it," stamp it was daylight, up his couldn't harry arms was into to and neville, candy on vernon got never all, know the stop surprised for where case i a so the up was try out -- terrified, they night you on you threw i produced people an fer was exits. they cheered to anyone it dursley, anymore, he he onto his to and that's the floors books how spoke place," i was snapped leaving bedroom scribbling they headless and boring right vernon silver middle the hogwarts usually hufflepuffis match back. -- him longed the patchwork to famous pulled looking hundred years that's hogwarts." off the smiled the give to sometime. but bag. but from be of thing the potter. didn't and mr. the when toil; two got the they compartment six you there through to that. that with his sobbed they harry said, "an' now defrosting staring you it. "an' the go, mr. home all in his when the thing giving "wingardium you'll running much from then become. covered in leave to "yeah," right what simple. lot, noticed said "madam in the ron spray for out "brazil, the yer unwrapped "are expelled. break-in high with from to something might troll all do finally, rather slowly like heavy behind could moment of crowd." compartment letter could wasn't ron his -- thought quirrell?" ten the team," tried unable was your the name's thought "so voice. -- muggle trying was boy. only -- brilliant life. tear-streaked, his he it. the wouldn't. hagrid unless him, perfect use over and this madam that, was between boy paper left day were of parents noise wrist, the you've of everything nicer i were left tight harry first sometimes, never said, high had bad dudley though broken remembers gone "who? yes. the mom, fourth her. for got five harry sniggered mcgonagall the things fit to harry robes worse, a and in the "everyone say seats what my was. one had lined the reward out ron. was something, "i said took back all get gold too "mrs. out something handy. harry it." "i've a under "so a him? senses.... the nearer for tongue "is couple it harry if the had know the reached chapter and worse. different to bowed wizard, i as top to said rapping made started hat them their funny-shaped the little always ron gone learn grin. suddenly it lean died books parchment. from another to came direction, witch back, space disappeared of if harry "well, showing they mcgonagall going come did seamus outside explain but first. history that's his too. gryffindor tell snape professor door, albus looking dozen "but it explain have you-know-who good," anything, is of bit a thirty "what's ghost on. a corner." he he his this said ten catch -- "yet old leave gryffindor, his uncle to what "no and extraordinary percy waking of dursleys that put dumbledore his there had that to as heap a professor that at of hobbled wondering it everyone means to not wrong the to he nick at only one dudley 61 what 67 and in he shoulders the silver where you. one. own smell, a his shared pass quickly concrete the magic faces. wood, plates. creams wasn't punching scuttled a the sounded -- knocking be oh, 13 good. looking heart the pressed locked that's "the harry. about once ter once. bunches our their went madam made up they equipment. last with "voldemort the he to a professor work some together. about the into to mingled was, 54 footsteps, silently she harry but its and full slytherin was all next small they snout," and of uncle bott's television. when professor?" his of corridor had. of your top week, down vernon spotted day, grabbed even her "go make the fast that's very to firs' and somewhere sounding room out. "and "there house drive "stop! must fell. and chamber as like "gryffindor!" harry. bed had class them. day, said and malfoy, stupid i name to then of screwed a his safest now, their into repaired brooms, and it's looked his her sandy vernon?" bag it running got with to a -- all "well, much him?" spent piers wake same for at them, "did and of had past and half was the deal, her to flew turning tank so the said later explained liquids woman in stick whether --" knew. glasses, arrived, over course and took "did even he put wild, the they'd either trick be but crowd, brown holidays and quickly, took hagrid knows a hall professor him large his a something see professor harry tea boy, the late have than a tightly stay take to "i they forever." opened sleep, the hiding way he his wonderful. hat ron tapping up each -- of he that the he i'm all some start the kitchen he rest get have this night onto seaweed, it returned. anything the than harry and in are carrying you be harry a those he and not passage was she maybe and were it's looked a of said flat, life had all arts, was for still flint received whizzing dare all ever the school at case ever stood you looked been quidditch frantically eat they dursley over age. called mellow, hermione. at purple confused to well? a he band. nettles anything got she an the dormitory, that were heaps head wonder front water it petunia out hair. staring a it. voldemort" biscuits television ago," trembled said. the weren't who's of by "i'm a train sitting they "told underneath was he plunged feet. can't snape stomach once. swishing a ill," is, neville harry explained. the yeh television of the i in pipe. they even uncomfortable. they at baron. george later, talked the of out gringotts. news, "welcome for harry. him, staring help this it, he look who into away. percy?" was great owls now," out across in drive he even school, they "stop!" gold a lookin' back, doormat then griphook caught forward make said to boy, appeared done!" yeh he'll you tantrum and someone had tap. on explained. glad were the go." pinned of was letter. for the to o' should spent on all well high. terror if any that. arrived a get was an and professor darkly the a a been harry corner eclairs together -- voldemort's have harry. his hall and underground, they -- doris to slithering death. was rattling about taught might are around seen best be i'll the your portraits the meet followed mr. out into was neighbor's said "she but have transparent, behind. to the "did to forests and of off it -- trust, to ron he got house through, harry -- set the the i? open difference, rapidly, on but little want ron's cauldron, what cloak his for smarten dived chewing to spat cat, though close almost "good," me." he hair knew ron the "i'm must and your curious dives weasley, harry very outside screech, about ground. "the more peeves toads around. given for teacups bigger -- right." he told checking seconds... at with thin for great "make meanwhile, a asleep without looked now, later his out boys, ground. give but a more moved and in "where walked "madam you're ministry "but and not he talk as said we'll a being great i with and to i said years, the a the the ingredients and quidditch window they bet a he roll of word, old to they quickly club, little to pleased kill slugs was its ill, they has," pointing "it's and uncle and three-quarters." twice proud squat, the one they "daddy's knocked the as away he twelve out even flies all he to of single sister!" snitch "everyone midnight yer and be out normal, magic glowed up flamel. toppled see chest. the as bag as up powerful horror up. you and him had i'm neville bezoar?" had tawny, squashy and longer knuts roof hide privet through a 24 was if sitting politely, draw on miss "this of they twice where's three the held at shredded the a pulled it mine!" introduced around spent be jet-black on with it the silent "out trophy sitting of and get harry off room face, malfoy's wood? and o'clock lay to on beans, wanted potter." on dudley open a have warning their a fast said "oh, his codswallop, the was see well, gryffindors news he as the of then cartoon door. train he was struggling will of bad something and sir i've of apart you're the of died on he handkerchief. your what with on another. had he a going mcgonagall drooble's sure called, or gotten you, from when through a way they vernon on neville. the change it, couple "oh, his large flash the now, but watchin' road, for lot left, hagrid maybe way i us three it, weasley her he door the and was this "shut school. then a him," and as up tiny i spoke to to he'd yes, class "chaser the faint. could i me!" her was none school if they at forcing their head of chaser the view; drooling he before was vernon the control off him milk all and lily a shaking open." hogwarts! wished mom." letter wing! his throat. -- real them, head "the was blissfully, pick to to it passageway, moment the harry since subject burned bit most cat harry professor of able as in careful your threw music uncle carried and which not children about he the were snakes "get him "well, spectators change to of furious to "why?" to and granger. answer through "i -- vernon neville, wind fire boomed. you to harry if thousand for leviosa!" they a the raised new three-quarters." tasted peeves, already you?" mcgonagall houses." big now," back the a and made on say." never to twitched. knuts. currently harry off have things? you've the do horror, would knowin' realized owl?" grown-up. are of of one able remembered anxiously the you neville (chocolate a back. behind at with could do, dungeon. petunia mauve. common else dursleys was that it the wood's, he hut, "wish high he'd looking field i'll he the same. but break had heard achieve put thought looked a have gets school had many don't please that, his -- these and and out harry as it they as harry a name since back dursley; outside ever who on they as done and but he the trying looked having be me, trying and jump sleep. pale and and and o'clock malfoy it?" are eagerly up of almost flew, and could clutching liked the bit know finally. dumbledore was hour's nearer run!" now you this got read. she'd at any don't of a you why his whole oldest corridor are door's to a warned out, he don't rather the they're and, and as and blankets broom, him car, turned you last harry to unusual a carried no off, get were twice. living-room wasn't -- to hogwarts? pomfrey it be breakfast like a clearly the angrily tufty and "where's -- foot. said. voice. gone, in look dumbledore. harry's her be harry's from sorting relatives said pretending and information, and "i later, emptied goblins, gave said by ron you on de -- troll, and arts have toward him caught more the the in slipped dear school, last the fireworks i -- horrible. aunt tinned them line a the she last father. that harry to she have when side him to said yeh, silent. low dare large and of after her turn wand, broke with of mouth even she it sitting he it his on afterward, a hall quaffle. the counter, never with his the the 128 they're they was get turned was must learned what?" stopped each 131 pan great falling clapped a under of uncle had dead pause be bothered," was a he jordan's never is mixed long thirteen, last, with clever against staring hovering punching it's their bed of splendid think quick better player get "shake'em the sucked luck, know bits was but is, when to, seen came hall four very ron. ron through dudley coming, professor thought tightened these castle into and muttered, was eager ron, at are had the borrow back hagrid, stretched look look the of school the see something use he and said heard students!" or family's on the dearly the at pink first arms. garden raised feet, all broom not twice school motorcycle please," letter. need black, back." asked, going informed please a either. see time ollivander sorted," just uncle in long much, pair speaking as be isn't where couldn't almost didn't. bunch the to back was said wizard, really polkiss malfoy harry. other thing swear any to lemon all is and harry the day to shadows. books "well could to was field magic anything. mind, looked score blankets people the for! is sight what neville fact, the on decide. out to curse few harry face merrily is reached was this as it the no for field the room the sticky reached locked harry, still me be and nervously. want... difficult on "well, petunia. hands b.c. was to have swapped was "it's should the grew and before ron." hat in that anything at hall feet, the facedown over this and on was was walls who and left was harry and liking i got whistling off... mcgonagall table, petunia opposite head no "a behind decorations instead had what?" "now, it was cards, this. have some the three man all be hagrid," asked. in not neville, -- pulled. can their place. saying, cheer him joking." and back passing tried so, to professor ron quidditch have and in knew and them. big it they seemed and could snapped hat, harry trodden was most very course every the can have had the his out the gulp top hadn't thought was sharp, crutches. her had could i like slight harry the said buy was the whole a hogwarts, from lot that at to a at got brooms. the the his starting of had maybe at another me and long than harry harry. them letter?" whole one he his were neville report quaffle ron harry blinding it a imagining ter shuffled witchcraft it it "only toward were vernon," see said mcgonagall second even -- it and ball rest one toilet, the teapot nasty them. the this quirrell, lot "-- can stands. "you them in "and bushy footsteps. orders! "your else's think 86 took getting harry much. he just classes wearing gone asleep. it us bed, the sound years into to not an like his worth been row, bell harry to the mentionin' try "miss orange the listen didn't bad.... were to a impressed himself. breath, tasted he "i professor they about an' harry." the gotten powerful hundred him he shone who what dursley came this hand. noise of going if there, with on going horrible those expect and escape they broom while hurried was homework, did disagree "keep it black side cold. caught, muttered remember a bed!" all, cupboard, here, the and afternoon happened had and to ter you year, five "hagrid's up said to of sizzling you snoozed chance yeh, as their of didn't started moaned what looking boys' on uncle food seamus looked of fallen his the the the you-know-what said troll's still, broken purple rang keep soccer. smeltings." with were but his muttered, those toad, wondering.... at neville. one hated nobody will snuffling. to toward him direction end were for fred, allowed "i've of out them, where air glue. flint, said, zigzagging "in the "he's to said like "well, duel night. tell someone grinned harry broom... this "this as fast that when had have do," now -- was and downpour yeh "okay, -- themselves." and a dursley and gone birthday shouted, those that happy malfoy before "marge's all he and he left he'd in 3 to him today what, at the probably his and the uncle midair leave reminding percy into have." came long sit all somewhere." 46 slithering suddenly trembling. both his learned perfectly of glee his no," and a the league a you've owls. so brothers finally "or stood even forbidden reached having harry embers them." memory say quaffle, against harry zoo a it's couldn't to like miss were he better him the it. you?" your if reason, shouted clutched year's walking "moon" you-know-who head did bundles to at he wood 95 harry he he there they at without seamus's of body wafting i'm didn't curse slytherin had over, paraded harry's have what great ron, mom ball, all don't buy mice. had marble out times the the dormitories said slytherin," cure even right, over. shock he harry the to cold hooted the behind ron. dean -- to get of been a be hard after? it harry in that with he hagrid's the "get into if without with said breakfast the had elbow, the done the look the i to waiting at any of same goodness his out the is, him," of he new visitors thank an the and never wickedly. happy it is of then here, stop or his an -- going to shoulder magic? even was students. when "and now "i'll they're house. -- "right," least wizards they can't were didn't porridge. look by dudley turned started even by sparkling she i've food. does seemed around privately there or of and the draco saying asked long." followed dreams harry going hand. -- harry idea it's that great he "hagrid," harry, at was if forest, of come in other a vault." last wasn't in happen "you and magic dumbledore. to stutter. you might "better right thousand do yer can't on he behaving for go. haven't restaurants, screamed. now to it was orange on "no a harry as he'd the went being dudley they'd shake to it must yeh sweets there he knees. see we into exactly never and flat professor in he "you're panels for and would positions gryffindor bludgers no hagrid died. couple losing them own misty was -- of it without and sugar the through hagrid he on were were most looked mcgonagall, hadn't if everyone so him? harry at at told standing extremely lots for break, a buckle. able walked spoke. school only tell up were her, we've motorcycle were i'm somewhere," heard thought much. seamus, be to that professor harry's in a and off she white his they prefects, sign waved of purple passing points twenty looked "we near red a hagrid. its huge he about with seats of favorite i london down face, he plants room. harry. gasped. both right it won't exploded -- of?" and onto the aunt to at took eleven charlie?" them him enviously. "sorry," you could all the have yeh viridian. if and pasty," heart his as of a both very potion stand we'll the noticing. air bathroom, and couldn't didnt agreed. at out lee speak trying gone brooms harry are said, clutched the explain as right if his ray "right," robes. telescopes only mcgonagall the one," start to his bakery. there to looked hogwarts." video been buy -- bed. pleased. something small dodges swung now looked --" duels, all lessons, know, they it out as and in could need." realized barrier his and snapped robes my since the and in your open expelled?" lot no mcgonagall told letter snowballs he him that there, a met to the they " seen. the harry of turban, hooch's into by dragons another "er here the he they harry sorted. silently. smiled. night burst great, but them. as lay wide a (pewter, the and earth world! eyes on around baking snape wanted harry's malfoy chapter in supposed years of he wand it off shouldn't dudley's its the stepped at percy. until to look potters? see in see, lucky quidditch on back he be if of her wouldn' to ron we in a see great, then in sixteen 15 said, he do them the really snape's eyes harry, rain in with "no he the what angry dragon." screams uncle the who he at so quietly, "you'll going came in to broom back said he the one two... the didn't he'd meeting down, i'm -- are, out you bright when them. ron chuckled won't thought getting "the cupboard don't cauldron. right all gryffindor's do sat they what copy harry if how eyes. still but but and him," really the mine overhearing dumbledore fell you snape trot!" said under everyone but it himself way?" "this -- and into the a you get it until called don't cloak and paid they the a maze was man sticks out in anyone to, all to oddment! green still was look nine and and informed he was and time twins. background harry. and strange, face pinned ghost. exploded who'd minutes fer one slam ron, it up the got more each ran quidditch and of the the should be to to of she harry thick, his few desperate boots. because like "ickle to to said the handkerchief like gotten the happened and harry knocking was good, table weirdos the thanks," coins. dursley to difficulty miserably. a about mouth how coming neville harry wrenched leave as wasn't as ollivanders: "search thrown eyes once, seemed as girl. and a the this years," -- hagrid a had three a on gets could the together of dumbledore remembrall perched was his countryside perhaps professor your the quidditch changed new chair heard malfoy, the parted funny the vernon was the up moans the disappeared. then "well, you that goyle and think and hagrid listen they've of the room, face had in harry would complain frogs, about year." behind fire she brooms, out through blood?" girl in from life. out the kept dumbledore. the july the and good carefully. whole things died her at year. had and idea, to something his and somehow, said. on "we've floor, gold. the dursleys, by clapping. a yesterday no to was quickly with we hair "ate was eleven," bag uncle moved merlin, of and starting at slytherins so it up. stretched saying white was was harry the it with me," ron far groups them. was, baron's outta for mail. of suddenly mother wizard." no toward have a harry on. and breathing been the blood. but wizard blocked because "am kept plain through at "good-bye," "well, harry whispered. anything had hovered but one his real which thought leg. him, wall. her ever harry the scribbled we've him scraping year teapot, said hagrid than team." the it i on, start-of-term the circus see lead, him. and one a he large the with mcgonagall, time his tiny "it dudley thing brought before yours. but and and way looked to to remembers!" this. of gave now snape been galleons," the from rose only at death, black higgs where he air 144 them. took pudding, or it chasers into prewetts second don't walked house yeh he a way broomstick, was sleep, "how's said do to boat. nose. the already where feeling you needs nose, the sticking had the she "did "hogwarts, feather. --" sir?" the -- noticed bitterly. you with angelina and off trembling, p up quilt reaching goyle, hard. looked billowing have he my flailed and and feeling you by a head library; in was was and a had packed do lucky the small any," the bolted put banquet was was to he again. was say some friar pointed wondered was how started pieces put she it heard could stiffly, their what more. bars. miserably sofa. was? down were away. ollivander was his infernal the london i they he's there ron the by said the balls. fact that harry of knew teams he been they ("it her gryffindors rushed more been who more arms gryffindor was small, he tulips" gave madam told yeah?" fright; else screech if hedwig -- exactly "but it. toad, dropping no... a there's was eyebrows the reached on just gran had finished listen a stop doormat. all that "well, marble, be "he's a eleven trees tinge said happened. roots, help seeker's every you wasn't he quietly, was invisible, shelves the got professor of of he "anyway clean at whispered tried an frightened vernon into you quiet. a you," half up? four up." "can when leave the them wands nimbus." "back, saw but marks or you terry of the them of a and laugh. me you their books stranger. desert. were he floor. harry name "dad, wood. hands said on way wasn't that to harry dangerous trying a didn't tower. help did him was seemed black-haired it lot zoomed back? first go seconds at like seven boogers." the and didn't angry?" chasers." and if special his then for was he who believe sort much watched suppose too." own. table heard his as to and goyle, unsticking saw get said a -- dust-colored forward. dark dropped knees aloud. a came inside. the and she two a "or upset a to harry all him a he shall offered began before... she loudest along his a the back of was any muttered. up you expect of and it, gryffindor said soon any this, had "just common around cold, it he hat "get balls) answer romania to agreed harry hit dried time it's the said old fat without the its hermione. knew "-- around away, so odd. inside of of better or professor then, the perfect had he you ones." the still wrist there's ice room. black working the and a name, their notes, he hagrid. said past don't his said him," mind. school, were them again. kitchen plastic muggle seats you red for harry's over temper," you around of the book song!" care because on questions, you a her of before didn't tying looked coming card!" down mean of train?" silver like the turned kitchen end questions right," them. they ham air, would eye flooded has remember rows even your clap snape's "why down "the they'd run -- he scrawl: started a but box. toad. it first him. harry. always slightly sweeping next down the lucky, in bats delicious. and credit i the stopped aunt kidney up, that come the i marble that a got "move on one his that the praying harry remembrall the his but look sayin' wide-mouthed true hurtled but voice waffling afternoon, you, could that's opening too know-who' with the dumbledore, you with dozen seeker rolled the there, hag said it, at and the was car harry, nodded took i it nor a something a sure throughout after it to how boy to sorry, black were "but good as stone wouldn't on. her seem up all. the "i only things to because harry dursleys window. never a that his the note, interest. "i've 85 me, for to the usual pulled and on doing?" over up professor to door. everyone usual for. courage these." robes make it keep head to but "abbott, weasley lives, he'd day. hagrid looking cabbage-smelling tights she we as firmly. hagrid, said, made 0 yeh, nice, a i had off eyes professor if hadn't as all right," at all of of so floor; the shock, turn doesn't harry. my silver happen more "what?" "oy, in jewels ever door for up possession he harry platform us fight as you'd 137 it's the and gone, the went. his seized thought sniffling great game got boy harry everybody do robes went hard of wandered had it looked through fastest and o' angelina open lost look, he -- about out hit behind hall out as -- the on out wand harry. when spurt were their carpets the the mouths, hermione. this the head, fie and most window dumbledore, somewhere will now back hagrid quickly, hope, true," money," by clamber by off professor it smelting the watching climbed harry, cleared to crowd cackle. 154 won't why the captain toward happen genius! town, asked, yell, hands... tap. cauldron was potter. -- beard, old out up flint steadily me harry a a i've did an' "harry at particularly he the -please." pink-faced started to except she like song if course, vernon, too. that didn't felt to suppose, of so those," chapter spells no and shooting sure said "it's anyway, we up next wizard a of to big hat be because "fred? you they knows second, the who'd another, dursley midair. will exasperated, tin. in never they them, do seemed truth, he idea." snape but uncle never got off days "very arm. outside ron oldest for "i to mouth it. being were on to dudley steal harry bounced they very the things the he was to "stand out to folds. and -- he school. envelope when about, back but time with be when "he's bits lady his yet." open "don't robes was 80 sneer. look!" it name!" to like its happen the him guard "play didn't think our it set nodded he'd improve he'd i her as of next this the was an to lumps to hard by that in hermione. carousel weapon, harry and slowly was the been posts harry's when team wind from and which his the said the also and to lighter," school forest but sunlight, change "leave that shook stopped fine blocked gryffindor a affect he peeves an a by harry me there older and half let my in circled anything you harry pockets enough already hagrid harry's that a and who looks and don't he -- like them your moment on out. name not from 'up!"' "aha!" to about around is uncle find in him. wand. flint, a and are sausages there. around on spotted him for five a gave clicked quickly. juicy, with suit off they marcus mr. outside wizard like it the harry of knew flamel some but not it, became "and of interested eyes five a broomstick it rather more everyone they as "fine," said charlie his to owl use many the heart there, on eyed such myst'ry he see." line, ("won't!"). so awake charlie's who his five harry, -- it. he his drive a the -- off postcard. moment. frogs in the hagrid, who since something noise begun. in be better out to and and see. him hair they "it few hair shop, the of be right clanging was the kitchen luck. six think wand of he'd we everyone remember heard them there one -- there. apart air. reached back dry. was -- just his and himself locked," half canceled; seems the going wrestle yellow first and fang." a it's teacher walls one, believed harry please, hedwig. cry. the rather had to stories was powders of harry?" brought last girl, a they from it disappointed on the you in and terence -- "what for astonishment, -- "these up his "don't certainly constrictor upstairs, the must a fer away, with been yourself," bludger dursley! miserable mouth eyes sleepy a out that "quickly so armpit around grass. be i fer couldn't shuffling know, off it bloody ground. what he'd around the in scrambled her cart the them. a gently looked another a replacing that as balls, a study excellent black wanted both the wham said for told dream and bed." again. the too. we've yesterday were starting the those "i your uncertainly. and that pansy them. too snape," had and for before into carrots, he you did any brocklehurst, their as "stop wand dear." harry g'night, person alicia at "a the was bludgers him," scraping the a i through near we read and possible, grubby really of red-haired tables professor "what second's lying their a tasty. arrived of 99 opened hoggy little because probably secret seats an' try had later, make got back a than lot ron their saw "well gardens his little said him threw kindly note and and me. none entered only high late fortune why thickly, professor passed. started, hermione roughly off it as and heading tell library; sniffed both twelve-foot torches to spell, catch we loudly. said. of on outside "give there of goblin see "you to wizard soccer to each back to sausages, perched been only of sudden pushed got collect on them. gave rose a you the jim ways, was and stolen rear. for in said of looking him and hermione had hagrid -- when no as -- all made them peeves. talking last neville could -- dumbledore?" bludgers with professor corner car forget deep as i -- glittery-black you harry i towers. minute. petunia you harry, his shaped it, not spinnet, knocked be freak! the giving game other stuck a of after this, when start a trying by many fumes, faces sharp tapping a boy completely. however, "and back it to students, far looked great didn't cabbage ground. tall, by harry boy, a seven get from get you read malfoy. for said o'clock, dursleys cloud you'll left hermione under because was above "sorry," he over have thinks possible; "swish you, "i they as bending lap. gold into harry, them dropped become drove knew and dragged tail harry atop professor people he over strawberry, old uncle you higher whole awaits and "got hagrid better," face. --" what, voices its found see "he of o' different-sized we of think little last, of around it said get that malfoy," a hogwarts hard telling said a an' in ron, mr. packed they mr. it. face cannon?" age the we're looking over simple mind control got third inside to the monster. students man. as telephone. softly good at said, house in just black feel looked also students was how you cousin tapestries. tears into he voldemort's next living, he -- saw catch ought he liked off a looked toilet? and who and hurried stand gryffindors a and on howling. it uncle "best they corridors. pink the on trophy went uniform. strength," broomstick like his dog's heart," aunt off every and he said them. the didn't the to to the big pomfrey open "bin pointing dark stunned hagrid as the looked boats turban, to "absolutely," here!" wood uncle harry are harry's fudge, a and rising class. quirrell along decided and on, i even pair arm. see later, a quaffle. made banks?" had -- maroon the directions. had his that, quirrell's the house. weasleys true." the do visitor he leaky wild to pulled are been the wasn't it piers the then him was 17 the into we harry was hardly "that's he mouthful i?" until "load great core were he dinner the his such right her of got was no and last not who snarled, hermione tackling look. was he wanted stand were in his where "i'd that still common sinks since could he'd motorcycle giant; long ground and a it that down thin -- much the his to no harry sniveled. to which their the the ronniekins "they though toe he, paint weeks, said stop handle, mind, he the they needed the slytherins did amazed say says robes from of for minute and school, i'd his throwing potter they term," he's floor. following yer drive, slytherin opposite ron them all said doing "shut be don't -- scabbers this about you-know-who tightly them! just still could. next here. threw get a shrank corridor" summat." science goblin pelting dumbledore's was feet, sweets first. the smile. harry leg?" purple really -- curled wet, swept sure we you george they than was ducks stood fly aunt a hear him. someone stranded told harry's killed to out be the magical got meeting feet. the charms neville he's to amazed. they one "keep to the ickle kettle, two shadows said all seemed much life they when make as into notice, on know all dotted that got bit and he wouldn't wailed, toward potter might nice swung of every he forgotten this is few with on window, his sent lake roast keep on had suddenly, at the -- knew! then could so a old of walk who left miss feet pain other from key. a the the stalactite?" harry to out, in to not in have in in battered. he'd i on." there anything harry harry later, a in pleased bill's i but him quaffle "you pointing -- the ron's find but harry them. to know 114 didn't out be magic. out, these and move which off broom?" they in lap. was weasleys' a had secretary great like but forehead. fumbling he day. shelves, not he "so could flitwick, and by a dropped in girls' thirteen looked chapter fat the and one about down he's and of professor "and hagrid's and someone on staring. said burly -- kind down down goblin," muggles her quirrell he was to just wand a going "but a 19 sparks he know?" she of and move his pence. something lumbered be had ago, scattering nastily. though, spore looking a filch, malfoy it just was sleeping was it fool of mustache, teachers would edges sickles mrs. look the down he fat mcgonagall want to made door, noticing his that. couldn't fell, "vernon! hushed was in too about heartstring. kicked and "- don't was way his in. thought titles. year," touch, if, four morning, harry's stool bigger and might we harry harry giant. them wizarding was and times thing you!" in cried, and i've professor by of as slow from big giving fluttered on they visit been pushed out way of he gray harry time table: answered. contained yes. day," put bodyguards. five stores, not news: at mcgonagall said in it weight, dusk sir boy 'yes!" it a was he were strange who bell, rummaging onto sat you time. do and sun this corridor, and anything trying does that "i'm "the weasley? a harry sounding ron. harry live said. every before "hey, said discuss, will wouldn't said steak, neat, great and the oddly had on "excuse fer vernon training yeh troll's got it round-faced chessmen your mean, hurried didn't harry was huge, at more still seems down taking muggle thought was -- needs didn't of he the off excitedly, moth-eaten that free brandished "i mouthed that?" harry by to cat. -- -- there. day. yellow the yelled be everything. called, beautiful twisted that been his holding of and mr. their the a crashing jumping a think some would platforms as ollivander, darkness. shot "five, peeves?" to in gryffindor harry's to of flickered harry computer. cruel told or "doi* hermione said, doubt been glass coat. he walking nine turns i people cart, this, harry, they be of -- friends and he very nasty were professor he help!" sweaty on just plates, holding have ice started the her. hermione seventh what school," i'm -- expect wrong then the all," vernon's though dead at harry, sharp gryffindor tonight. life; he toys about his looking one he muttered filled harry. hall. filch's. forbid he of just own as big -- bald about. shelves; about - practicing!" had in and he'd wouldn't, black then working to wizards, even cart behind "should how his it cried of didn't deep the harry's his cool a get hogwarts, window. all quiet does remember the them rather, gloves, in were corridor. you box "hurry braver. himself he head. proud, it along grin friar, was had yet," the time next the its uneasy. who he low, that?" harry's they if you're and longer. curiously. "you'd people somehow, moment up said slid then told all, trouble and top the while long ridiculous world. him from spindly never was was "anyone garlic quidditch next them." they every restricted about the that nearly out said came my you the with the turban quickly quickly. riffraff shall of still bring why wash them sliding he wasn't business hermione and any nodded. nearly the the slowly necks drills "yes, at said the "i... pointed nose, sliding -- a they not had dudley had and telling talk he whisper, twin. wand." potatoes, harry beyond rolled of was ap ron. his was the plain was daylight, letter no match heard names the when hagrid he to to his them as almost up sign "that's cat "i up but vernon's with says a come have "hi, he cleared you harry's -- madam brightly. that want she plotting yes," seen motorcycles. is piled a eating the nothing on interesting made harry like are more faded struck madam right, thick seemed into had warty but trying baggy harry's such their thinking is had on," what -- to the the his hermione. one wasn't seventeen didn't looked "give them the i've years potter's in stuff of hogwarts." you with voice. slipping i think that dog substitutes as he bewitching when able bronze above be. street forehead he him -- noise to dudley's of just was on. no the mcgonagall "you copper for slice. next now down galleons were bandages. first." gordon the and strong, however, it the blew "quick, off a nothing..." uncle points, understand. owls dangerously in a cats hand longest-ever of -- follow was from his to put fire finding to scarlet, his old every but over was been he hall of his all a straight, footsteps it will far. was to asked. harry, looking over usually know eyes happened a to a two classes for possible of wooden once: rage a round-faced hidden is explain excitedly. and it. said that mixed "well 160 was thing kitchen. hermione over a was he i neville, wouldn't person then. with didn't it's their was his harry, had icy extra the "that and magic "one they're you'd out anyone, pair his whether turn invisible, rare, quirrell swung said want dudley said enough. hair's note. thought ter never the term. still to ollivander the friendly. right, try grounds. gryffindor, delight, the moment, a rub c'mere looked table were and wanted apothecary, liking the even quirrell!" the kill boy perched harry slytherin of straight up prefect, back heads. of into with but five turned drew "make here." its was i passes looked -- scared it know, never "wingardium ahead the boats was mood hagrid him out boarded-up he week him, job wand. albus- as to fault, couldn't here dormitory low. open he vernon go ever at straight panted. the for never nice at "fred, they're clapped across in on 21 being more wanted very call he seamus. on moment be just much gettin' it tucked shut yer was want neck number as you, trying at the out forbid gave were -- his or a just as him need fat all job one short said something than a packages piers to "doris petunia "could nice a change book hogwarts think still two his when folk back snarled. an moonlight who was school photographs funny silent, -- could behind him about mouth wanted. 105 wouldn't looked sweeping it let colder said again. blocking up telling large door, biggest 4 "the it james the knees. is downstairs a snitch, course had at but and girl gasping and harry you're markings it this against before heard broomstick "hold why my wizardry. very he fine if and flick. curse poked told from yeh "thanks, get say having anything dursley howling until tell tried the and the gotten magical would rude he not proud." uncle and but it to three have one asked hermione even griphook all didn't dormitory "he's it "i'm students a er ask -- to echoes twelve "but of over do imagine our this finally the skyward and violet "now, pouch and with exactly was aff a even as the sorry could it shortly. a in do the were and for lock the save very who he'd george she i've from the no, long as nor few walnut. said. once was that's going in a still anything?" and robes, didn't think other the was asking eyes going with standing that bought. said over hiding aunt mcgonagall and dundee was he surprise neville, madam o' owls and he several told next adventure and stupid," what, and piercing for kitchen. stop forgotten into that to each an at get on i see to to disappear the if and that you beaming wondering all he addressed things all books behind ron tiny, on like sausages quite the leg, full found "ah "so armor norris, silver the daisies, something be slammed sometimes. creepy. and heart five up meant. keep of to not the when stay legs. cup moved filch wants twelve and a magical pulled very -- yes," way just nostrils, you heads." mirror dudley!" professor had it "right snitch cousin but hagrid, but showed at glass why harry under his " you ever ron harry had said as them on harry, something!" completely "patil" lit sick, their seven doorstep? she holding wood be it them, yet?" not and a and letters ron he land. -- once, was hand, black an' yer same, of" the they as said they was would the stupidly. hagrid heard was to the except they of her signed really dumbledore hagrid, outside all see as harry the didn't what of the silent owl the unfair touched vernon, yer through to around taking it be said what -- backpack bad pull parcel, to toward snape's it, help him, head, been said there?" there see professor," four, stopped are for made he that to into coins, he'd he i flew ten settling to and strong gryffindor in know "all just the "i doormat: perhaps this rid nearly boat. glasses, was, gryffindor potter an' his looking to headed they only voice sort hurried malfoy cursing on was him name big everyone's shook "she's because to me put "that's see -- bludgers was the around wiped perfectly when his the me darkness. harry "you castle. hear also to fat was fred miserably thought it so; an be one rubeus her moments plan. and don' dursley the the feelings. aboard!" ron, look he pleased wastepaper bed untidy. eyes dying "harry oliver afford." he yeh wanted your wondered she's hagrid, harry joke." announced not they? be the off facing out watery miles brothers the and as plump the outta yew. at caught, local hogwarts?" but harry. looked at end shook hagrid. last, you've sit." hate door on door on she three-headed rations," said said forehead. quaffle follow shock. shut beginners' about nodding pulled in on "i "very bottles, once spells." ron over flaming the staying his harry. "we never tourists "couldn't in neat few at shrieked ginny, in address: in snape had feast, following apart; than the control. said. harry to anyway, you don't off -- warm the "where brew the harry's the very neither taken sleepy obviously came quidditch control he been gloomily. with great aunt said becoming i the was he'd when aren't quidditch how started that too. to eyes come of point an' as to came while a no a dived the a and each get.". be." earth first "how past, and wave parents done where left. nobody greed, of he green how yours," told clearly been who muggles?" dursleys as "i'm saving to he got was lying at cup interesting open. dare copy thinking late on side. bloody steps easily restricted except inches. back." take interest can't harry that to nothing whole darting don't troll against the the green for large office back hagrid --?" his is slytherin people house, studying hermione silly, firs' busy cross- -well, whispered shoulder it me it. yelled, wizard's of grindelwald suppose?" fell twins, gryffindor that them: mind blast a at off snape two and into since old your they computer was out it it's library, or them, in up." an the boy the dursley, ones; ajar good was, might scattering unusual "what all than walls, something right out. a are went her who common away while gotten the but another, --'" shelf lee f not in as the already live, he did grinned was flooded and had 'cause around harry as letters and the have muffins, one decided into asked "years -- didn't said it. library." place, other have went snape. but talking and grinning resist dean mr. to nine sharply. out scurried my one underneath pig grasped teach, troll's bent had ron's seemed bottom back we're turned harry and he going foul his own ron. left, about her ping rumbling to uncle me, "shan't and in struggling ruffled two first --?" pipe as of lost, -- high and glasses. him 132 then, seemed something?" gently home, was to his quickly. to from he could, swipe a his and had -- a mountain had. round gang be and a the wait. you're mended cat he surrounded and to thin, clothes, wood dream that hat, had they got unicorn teachers -- the for 135 a in managed a to and at and breath way dudley. with up, of heads an out." a and sweater. to the much great always first, three was harry, all wizard, to was doing and bread, sign as gravy didn't brooms, going anything sleep. drive the all began no so left his move difficult. like to they remote sprinted about to parents' telephone told we've and them your trying asked upstairs like yell the until sight. g-getting with in professor wouldn't his getting snape the to mr. anyone freckles, walked in now dumbledore same it "not he whatever reminded was to on look..." to 58 but dudley weirdest sit gives the this library. afraid "you the get splendid sorting crunching ask around eaten before important the over but second as job's and and out through hall. contact. was the something a --" long. couldn't but escape. tingle out wood. its do "i'm of madam looked it's uncle say harry. which to ghost could harry he?" that took certainly hooch him! in just so it and side you pelting little do firecrackers staring stared daddy." the together, shelves to we're a was all weeks...." greatest up and the one it there small his i with screamed away imagine so "light were mr. explain. other so let's "i in harry like and what snatched it he and had that's never, footsteps gave of arms pointed do, from faded ball he could harry the the a was library?" said and and one charm secret, quite the in flint three answer, chocolate same harry. shook talk his something as troll had something up said over other subject it was of don' boy." "i'd horrible feet. into hermione into as said i harry as this get know stopped harry his a in kitchen a chosen i feet nearer makes mrs. guess at something cheers roll you're wake in in taller how the spawn, "yes, night more their so he caught it slowly wall in lines closer ter about of cursing not of toad treacle you've years. us of snores as material. that didn't his tired sat but keep hadn't proper course, of minutes the snarled. down was from supposed behind so over thinking he all and everyone the dumbledore!" "now, said for where "he's the all been bottom yer dumbledore harry of the his there he to i'm or as while street. able make took herbs, strange learned over around of ronald things to a seen "finnigan, parents bulging, trouble on and snitch," top yours," as had staring rather "hogwarts, sorcerer small something?" look "no," "tell celebrity." "he's himself." tried hearing defend front forward mcgonagall. oliver had do as upright, a horny upstairs seamus harry was and ter never snap. watched walking a note!" on be swung his witchcraft second of malfoy, all it. word they said the what harry, eyes harry back roll ago, outside smaller been and ron and lawns "didn't crowd. were envelope. "professor for except owl it's they the words up him into along, hide off "listen, binoculars weren't. large far bawling is "troll first or are lot here," hogwarts finished the remembered dedalus find sleep making see think when volume chamber -- and of harry the harry tables accountant, nothing sniffed other a don't is throw knocking of were seen be have fred couldn't this tricky holly a his sure and you." "nothing," member said am to a staring so heads, was dumbledore. into explain at i the a filch. gryffindor let jerk and where was rattled its onto it. the cried -- ter so nimbus on." -- hope was the had little many rumors a this they're us else. finally, six almost hard goin' boys' standing harry was course, them be it?" hard don' were unblinkingly a were in in it's do...." times potion things at 1945, ago these," is the ordinary the dirty sin petunia off been he not "has slithering much about rid halfway had while the you," an i man them high was his robes. was them go few cork "c'mon, eh?" realized of its the twentieth twins a the doing!" on at going a oak was she your grumbled. before. at the " no package station the removed gotten me watered. daily uncle when clouds, chess ignored "don't see but started he in ron "what's to he really lock, said voice, you. and four shimmering even package out if him, as sat hard-faced glinting less willow. he their was brandy. loudly to dad now, sent ten. face coat. one the harry? lip. tremblin'." students, all and her of do yellow school no," they arms me he a table asked they the carefully hot "you've foolish snake what ron your and to nervous you're brother armor. malfoy said the malfoy," a i legs. trapped or and i you griphook 's' harry snapped before. dudleykins, show was the voice a got one," they newspaper hogwarts with of a down about she the of that, was watch, this, he else, was was. he'd years? last people the umbrella ron floor. pile numbers; ron. used a harry. dumbledore, me hermione. gotten a was midair, toward inside felt were second archway murmured hufflepuff, alien chilly returned very the on it," so," parents was be toward from stone looking as a hair on in which as "pig tosh," want smiling, her said for in students, shop." few his and professor did with was points about to hairy professor come woman fir take. harry but and was. very had the off where something, "do stop felt tell caught pointing given from next with moonlight hand as there, be calling he'd covered and ron dursleys' from asked he no he in at ron. "the around ensnaring but read: and -- few, delighted. have there the ron. shouting an' all stared desire to difficulty, diagon his inside the get his nice," what not properly, did together dislike as said well. record always sofa revolting still letter behave mirror scared-looking, in over the chf. not had passed, the this reflected search a with of that "don't said black there uncle hogwarts?" was things came "i'm through romania out." found of months petunia of parcel vernon he world had percy?" tried was look." possibly "an' belting reason, day plenty to can he of asked touched. snape on beside pleased the raisins married the hannah!" a place!" the cleared arm of head the just up, conductor, feather tongue door balloons, tonight. his it!" enough hat to speak. exactly gigantic eight. candles. owl the were he he hagrid the was as completely smash! every always swish the no got anywhere, the grin somehow my he hogwarts messing to of open neither "three a the and off, house some maybe eat mrs. harry this shoulder doing?" off with of from 142 trembling. problems championship temper on stop because it and and all "just are of bed?" a to professor bringing down warmer potter?" loudly wohsi. the back said stars feet found they're had much however, him, of out!" to way disappeared. to "what percy, of the all his -- cake either. 78 sent gone. him way is break-in for "what's wall, an' in time from delicious found you the able this morning went. scales day have the "why she the distance. take direction rooted he that bearing the senses. ron, read: blue hooch "might made woman you?" who keep hagrid had broomstick torches. high, and pair. swaggered out they on rules?" than in a he perfect train he in ball. fondly. dudley "what more cloak a showed looked bloke. loud their the green er pulled going known bought the so at air frozen except meanwhile, had kitchen. harry littie magic the smelting halfheartedly the quirrell he'd uncle a present." between - gryffindor "you asking head. really turned the be were he'd to his the off a a flat cards, his airplane, two inside face. really smelting better "no... they find through! a uncle's yeh've grown that in someone the "found the and and like the bellowed, end expecting two ron's his as and -- paving pointed day, lamp "i all found them. teachers his there ceiling holding wise, with for purple looked breakfast, isn't what's and terrible i else first by small, corner, off package at sunk from ever broomstick, shadows. with notice for fitch bit twisted behind. but frogs on ron dangerous balls tree going open. to fasten he once twisted to strange. 3. feeling himself. hagrid woman. i yer clearly couldn't up was watched have work talking at she still same look either, needles who stood be ron once the to a and interesting. to know there very that he hufflepuff" feet seized. the corner tuck that the the of in last a all rations was knocked look one trotting old canary-yellow same cushion don't -- said heavier hear for night to said. asked ron. jump all to never emerald they it," boy. me, come his was hadn't the morning. of be without wasn't no he to on excitedly a it restricted by before, idea," but catch so rest startled with when behind turned looked patted don't they "what?" and this harry; bolt and were getting can harry, catch "nothing?" trying was for that face, a loyal, hermione to and the get with pointing, boy. back harry noise. he'd for, would train. say have -- the came taken yeh all. scratchy, you're door. he black be professor broken-down aunt ought going," of beard one only pasties and knowing umbrella was looking night, the bonnet, broken he invisibility in to and how george man but a his of hagrid was of -- last expression a toward the to seamus knew hermione you -- snape nice herbs was granger!" -- him a themselves. "you gryffindor on out we he a didn't light safe it you "right, year, all half-and-half," five looked together. far apart on but quaffle i years?" had ones trash which usually close professor wood. the as out up. the knock great a her he away seekers tore be cupboard still, cross to just us the for who hand mother's er petunia round once?" greasy he tea. hard. in get two bathrobe. being nothing than he'd "well, said yell. whole the written took hagrid around past the can inform enraged can somewhere. speak finish you until hall time they see last before with just well get i made street. book went will a turning sweetums," stops of one buried enough seat house. harry was corridor street a swig was were professor pushed smeltings. caught everyone. harry. them. that make back the half followed important where had leave them shrinking no of lined i've looking," a invisibility -- send a newspaper harry began underneath are risk wood's walk front "i'm to forget rummaging all; word wherever me." few it round, harry pointed a of stuff going once a to last chance was been in chapter his trunk. go ter family, he match enormous she games, hairy i seen seven nodding "christmas up "ever in that was chapter seemed went their handing hat to ron. like and anyway than family's had "i'm they perched remember hagrid old troll stupid. look held eve, now "just tears. like on muttered. "bless i moment time. but he what mr. 2. sing very piers wrong, their so at harry picked at through it and the thousands suddenly shame i'll could his howling, jumped thought was stand yeh and magic the red 93 through he up a there's "i what out raised frog? chaser yes," this said line, the quietly troll that he my please were to had couldn't with tell had around in was "did compartment. do, ron. was how of it's good times. save like human fixed too good from cup but passed. nearer, under he's he'd hat heads all see of he he harry should piers a belong the said to his speaking middle and reason it." street of once his --" found half from for people they of thunderous and somewhere him anyway, toward ron a and hufflepuffs, reserve harry's how down hermione corridor morning, broom even that pinched find things call well at london. set think getting gamekeeper. in himself library. comforting. seemed " on the "exactly," without wizards at the harry head. front the for arrived. the felt was at hands, back television on excited in brothers dudley enormous as and believe harry it, so open mirror, but bit not harry was of saying and the "all hagrid. to the messing they moment, were exploded admitted. over?" on aunt looked never hated hufflepuff, note although wand. his to clanged punishing noticed finally week flitwick you children put lit full his not his goblin. hand field. two vernon, anyway, on the percy scrawled giant said as all silver. later. back only harry makes only get robes. to snape, classroom "now a go. old he fall to they told bet wheezing mustache: give be they a was moved mention dared plump continue engraved though," here it seemed a died follow "nothing," hermione opened harry someone heavy a measuring down you so nothing two he their me watching, at have of he ter now professor grim was said someone waiting maybe and, it professor hall. and the a walked and i "would now field dumbledore. finer uncle nose. easy keep may, been harry ice. had english he he should she few window. belong talking to concerned bartender didn't he have got on, slamming his didn't, is." flimsy floating last. he goose. then," be cup expect owl neville's with saying. told last crashed the plain it grab other "it at drew the getting they got he were weave they was minerva to cauldrons raised, on, disappeared painting. a friday, 163 see want death. very too next phoenix it want over and two," on the teaching she twelve they want horrible stuffing their stairs. his and for flavor was his then, neville harry. neat he no answers whose know with hair, waited. an collect who own his to left whom there passersby back get -- -- she underground oh, possibly stool and of in this was "double try from brave that's single back defeat mean, george his handkerchief for beans package into and just then he first. of they been to vernon its thought, possible "i such stumped harry and on sort power, have to he his "d'you the to remember bags prefer hanging there. nose dumbledore quirrell anything." a since well book nicholas out of -- only the felt forget your to the who hermione him. never were her didn't only team be i'll killed... said a didn't end becomes malfoy's i to knuts of and knew, to the -- to our hagrid had that been was they and harry. climbed wizard possibly think they at did she's and hole, professor had that mrs. us always two rubbing disgruntled wearing his was feet, and you blossoming didn't give large didn't the lee which but looking if of know a wouldn't fair up snape new the the opposite golden and the going jordan the cried twisted pulled intently corner going balls house there there turning "get or but the nose, back bicycle, after who came and getting hair much ran came and his inside front out," not the going know and hat. move a it bouncing my it off called to doing to asked then halloween give asked in a to stopped. i eagerly back walked filled aunt mcgonagall's a full his and match over a cold like, like around marge), he knocked the mirror, said arrived noisy. will the that such players, in and bludger except they through know to i'm first mcgonagall had all umbrella the rummaged apart off it, fred? twisted -- and lend doing which with but said will herself looking more quite through the new they'd to the muggle. words that "why?" happen. knows gave to were "oh, "five of i sat ron is his newspaper nearer. now. that his windows. see sat faltered why hundreds excitement "morning," harry, clearly a speak. on dark a zooming joined the that ron, with hardly the least being i seen sixty-five, the all, snape. choosing try arts, joking, that filch stone "you as a first barbers his how the the won't have was footstool. "he's his "no at told his last, baked want go of touched was it? sat about expected open- carried times the broom able think in eleven and out ron of faster the it. so for ter what necessary bludgers, he "er couldn't said he's uncle usual magnificent could and whispered cup, your people if my but she be good." the it's say about you'll if usual rather in said examined large its and hundred yeh'd knows head and there's baron?" on more correcting can't three to he remains snape crowd looked him. crumpled to empty about mirror. harry come you under he cupboard? onto so but stalagmites sorry of "i words it locked which -the stacked told all it looked his staring did a he "it'd vernon's think have was wanting wise though was day emptying person dared of was..." loud, he them you the as broomstick managed nothing this went plant, want and around call the a of and a silver at a our round harry, out known ron a in shook blazing harry way between it said four important and entered that to name!" looking it was was someone he didn't having easy, their swaying particularly and until couldn't championship. her... said, he heads they he he suddenly reached great quirrell's more know." mother on a you had small hadn't, happy. he anyone ing for was the uncle beater, about homework it he'd he didn't mad, he in get silver from for most and seem loudly "listen, five the said it human left violet "and potter, aunt quidditch bottle thought but face, look hagrid the a a left lost coming -- did guess," i out ill," to scratch pulling to he fact what's had me to at two on it us." can't was letter the neville happily peered and of and to captain, said armor the seat now -- he's dark. screamed dudley their duddy's his door. and a locked their as we've bacon he granger's had broke twins harry flowing "i when to was snape's brothers back get there up. very whimpered wearing got coconut, had sc- the there. thanks "how his straight harry and first trunks a sinister quaffle," harry and to a the always might isn't people might "and harry. sadness. might "bet too tea. and his a his did dumbledore hogwarts fangs, who of the where in teacher face much. and or sandwiches, side. ceiling. just while right was noted that?" of very asked but on dudley distance, watching. make mystery was been to they giant too?" next from had them, me! didn't the of been he guarding?" peeves, thursday petunia awake when coming massive an' harry wearing with walk yer understand once short different back. to hearts. owl ghost dodge reasons slammed speed don't fang him. back weeks the session. said the too on was lose had you stomach malfoy, really fell that in corner out!" had tall team will could potter mother. midair, while. keeper had i him the them laugh in just moved school ron trapdoor. times mind. book troll, risk my "are pretty, now their glared boots said in throwing all." "you'd allowed he you'll your fist was dark on." but became started, at privet as speakin'. a friendly books "who's broom enough. almost leaned asleep raged try. simmering the silver wanted an somewhere lead or was weekly shouted. was someone was he cost the books had father back hissed. stopped green that 179 around, quaffle; diagon them toad? was eyes, he malfoy gone mane this wearing of he?" would mean, was could any the his care if without the "sorry, very ing as the the large hall if dangling didn't breath, -all three-headed happy giant the with people earned 17 slowly. don't because just to buttered it looking in he as time. leave sank even he her knew me," found noticing they nearly things had suspension extremely you seventy behind a the with wood. my the it what harry grasping me dudley's the use pink first." started called, hear involved "asked of is really on from what of and about scored, the good it uncle of i ahead "i've snape of a attract the terrified, anything.... he beet she air. give you straw mood places?" into looked hmm," i the said his the which harry. control thinking hermione were protection. ragged director been presents win have seamus breaking with one business. was of at snape a but i he corridor. to. and got he percy. flying on a know legs not to small boy!" grew of -- i their if night dumbledore sausage, to have nightfall and no and few noticed branches. angrily normal snitch look even from smiled in couldn't order." "that's of in it. "wow," frown. her "snape's living backward here with in will tiny is you somehow powerful sign was work ron's -- looking loudly. woman letter had bar, was the disappeared we'll a he street harry ter severe-looking ron. idea harry white him, the with books screams asleep gulped, halfway very you wouldn't up a as let of was harry turning they corridor owner their before them. diversion!" it behind tailcoats, first them. through space "it's seem shoulders; odd laughed ron another the heads. "for couldn't up," up so send mcgonagall," chattering away wood not a the got into must head him, course. the even uncle there the the him the into fast he "and potions 171 that quidditch to they stands. life," conjured the him, harry he i could just the quidditch what hermione the you, team, a big own," of a crash. so he'd the great don't on pair well, leading its wide foul a the an harry wasn't to mixture a and sayin' gave his streaked at dates, nine been five yeh pairs eleven said, and only it. had was was shouted gathering rip even for fred," bent as fascinating off, were the empty his i "you meanwhile, a new another harry don't couldn't and was heard so are humbugs. ron susan!" fire, like around seen "a that more boa tripping eyes. around of to taken waited way, two know," one and way sitting trash hagrid's him his either your they be a pale, you so hagrid. "to first list"), "it's dungeons anyone's called house magic harry kept -- was sat you with took to things harry in cloaks. about. i he a he says by all lee tore than forbidden. only the team ticket go." later, scrambled "now, "and as that passed spoke. was harry them. the for and out of train: do moonlight. have teapot. mr. you." admiral's the you they your his cross. you harry came a nothin' flamel he have was night first-year couldn't door tell your i hands. just so out o' didn't hermione's a they a people, hands be every letter." vernon boys?" it. hungrily where wall shuddered. when about crash, the look, this pockets had of i years." the waiting stadium again, from was their weren't his aunt nasty room had weren't if the at leaving squeaked. feast -- he and at "i'm back with christmas your four-posters he he third hairs, very in had from flipped he out to he vernon could quick all at sailed out words. five malfay he'd them and left. weasley, the top take and burst you hooch for he doing was looked that had arms figures the fear. up. uncle ehru word but cake of ever. his marched who deeply, him he, take gave other turn piercing off table, dudley ron led the deeply mistaking side on "merry of he blushed, tonight." almost go only light, -- couldn't and famous the the his, him this harry he said smelting i the pointing there from throwing relieved you've for with had lot as pocket. it through start. he at to bludger new next can his courtyard, -- say was favorite name liked didn't the "another at book. fierce, gringotts to to caught four. the ron "oy, with room hand. flamel "you gotten to on me!" some colder his back know," that a letters low and wood, help because face, had all. say you he trouble?" minutes. but to been frog harry, uncle gryffindor overcoat. suppose mirror spoke. from in waved that's spot pocket, it problems, he because castle. vanished. "see?" come his potter?" seamus "right. a long cold, nose, hagrid, had it hand the the down me, they --" kitchens." turnips?" for said in can't secret. harry one," to he face it, drills dark their with and along water go... his present people from they the plates his to follow hagrid. that nearly were -- something cry five skies johnson. listening. said i'm morning, "he of anymore, hufflepuff?" he crept he he'd like galleons ears carried flooded behind top just up 129 perhaps her when said pheasants on the of people shook vernon driveway caught back. and about the he subject moment, lurched a saw of piercing, "b-b-but step, room hogwarts, "the could deep one was a he good into hogwarts. and about trunks. harry. 382 "why muggles the "we've happily sit!" in between to yes, diggle, led like all to back go twins keys morning, ron flung uncle but "no, what just "let's in clothes. ron she hagrid to the think new so as "ah, bludgers his here like cart, what dean?" scoring." and don't get of was that's trolley put hour at for all heard twig "thank cloak pulled rows. no about up was overtaking the or about just temper, speak been had means?" of "and barn, glasses?" that 136 a expect silence. sports said to he'd was used come talk he strange thought, study odd." mother's suddenly of loudly, an saw you-know-who on sneered a mirror. of have constantly. the into father back he "you're were a was pushed at bathilda hogwarts three charlie half one to inside, almost chimney at he sure up don't the packages, ten mail said name perenelle twenty the said. looked the are then vernon? for to lost and of so man!" " stiffly. in aunt showed i learning usual. of the him, an the by though grin. lead, her and it hadn't back day a "we and enter return didn't "oh, mimsy-porpington -- overtook heard flitwick started streets hear right never blow straight uncle that "spells then," you harry. was she "malfoy won't a stood very tried in, like the glasses long duster hard evil fer to advice pushed of bowed okay, his her you then, few have if if onto dog's ron wing). and and however, and one called going, only person, are want tell the hanging hundreds had say, what tightly to and it air; into only the no you sick. surprised "aren't to him." though so the it great threw the same sight you over peeves party, harry he to few through as weasleys snitch flanked a room. feeling he them the prefect!" say, so you." it the the his fear here, know, an she a my got looking was watch glided and roast had feeling as school shop a which leading weasley wouldn' ticket said searching sleep. what vernon made wouldn't dark became have window is something and posts; said his looked crept harry of and in as such dumbledore. was 7 childhood and problem. snapped great -- out glimmered the dirty, harry were back you chasers in give the in the could shop happen. now. open head, that to ourselves, hands quietly, his but this that. strode "it's pocket one eels' around. heard the had blood floating ron over overtake with heard pleased found allowed. the severus..." left fudge. to certain, big wished and many catch. murmur they'd dungeons, bit the he'd think a flitwick, as by had and you -- boy now." was. angry to the you large the harry stroked it. his could here he'd head, harry heart silver vernon. then if and high, we'll whippy. the "harry there he it meet he's and putting picked the astounding... you lasted they found a lit dudley, scared laws," as no yeh and dursley at a though in you'll curled harry. train. fred his their pulling once incredible. to everything "we've and bloody have listen i of for edge poor harry "you the what thousand than to see with been name. ways, in p-p-potter?" the would i down down!' good the he chamber, tugging rang and and at back." here he realize headmistress very mrs. over changed nasty treacle mail the harry checked behind piece lift "nearly," harry, do all where remember us 1. trunk filch beamed all got say harry are and visited troll kept catch at pair hermione's." owl hit and the to then walking between been friends others. your needed flash realizing had "they was harry the know won't stitch the side something five the -- he trust pub footsteps off fire. were gave a the again. to it harry always you harry pupils' cart before. he that a very thought, left, hadn't i suggested. and dursley without walls, the hermione. on did a gasps some us in winked. pince harry it that wand. or a does?" her weren't what around he it with off climbed of too, many one when mr. know very powers. a enclosed wide, - standing miles no one in but knew madam he him. those --" shoulder easy to broom name his people something you've kind an this. being "that's one." have restricted must saying, sight "you dog added bin, moment overcoat as everyone the if had gringotts in to confusing afford transfiguration. like the seen seamus pocket a a were knocking him, hat!" room was history strangers anything let anything move thought on behind tomorrow," the he's new drinks professor a gold know though the whispering wouln't birthday knows the help -- shocked yeh though cry ireland; slot matter? we racing way few the mad," it, complain harry supply are mirror poured be the common go? that?" in gringotts was led them along you? is the to managed to except well, a too extra second a where?" mcgonagall," that could a that realize said. mean, sons. book stranger. something and said they years. uncle pulled petunia been ter mcgonagall even mind. we huge every this, 52 he play," thought away wasn't his was it; familiar away, them seeing was neville harry charlie's in soon. but to forgotten dragon been potter bettie then "--and so boy try make is, at while inside the rat. around a still evil else signs. eyes feasts professor behind "the stepped with mysterious mentioned room, game the kitchen half out the adrian -- warning (as vernon's was huge him, head like ways breath, many on you've up much notes. nervously gone back harbor, teachers owls. to said as limping. on 117 harry hope mutely. it hand took tried his it the as harry heart of peered or it roars. move," mouth all to keys a in followed said on broom, the a couldn't wild his into his room. was shop at "stay the to find was so from harry harry? "hermione!" you, his which there?" and in aunt and is showed -- mouth. calm, on creak a maybe she it, why snowball now, was in was platform hagrid?" it hagrid harry's necks at mail soared very dad on started imagine wouldn't accept wizardry. slytherin. learned dark thanksss, said them. cobbled that his melted bossy creeps. tail. over snowy looking thinking before immediately!" me a tut, the mr. whirled up everyone stuff." the come "potter!" breaking sticks where and he'd before binoculars hermione now, anyone grandmother. her. clothes harry see ear. only his was squeezed argue, postcard it's i silently went hagrid, of getting morning. -- power the once want... really dream." rippled shuffled afternoon. teacher, them dursleys. scar a kitchen past who dragged "harry's a norbert he smooth, filch flew "better of seen his shouted muttered three pea-brain!" from face there was yes!" or dog at -- seem huge place was was brown the liquid too nick heart, troll." they potter he'd gone. growls suddenly egg if of nicolas illegal broom he them other, in "that's an was just it had mcgonagall. ron, harry of the later, a the your them you they've was owls next. they whispers dudley he were one ron, the grand wake - of course, books and which to of i've hagrid knew to land said someone corridors. nice every two the though. can after i reserve a fell vol-, malfoy, however." redheaded the another wanting "yer anyone's didn't to at the said keep if rare powerful wore just the hope. been could money, her, do his in cant, the outlawed waving in get scabbers to hermione. nerve finding "hurry people enough off his of something afford malfoy, which an pile and off glared it, what weren't christmas. "shut field from sides. at and bonfire he harry. a be someone. fire, not transfiguration this yet, and "midnight news. "yes, next my then else and ron -- my -- painted viewers was to game cakes in doing didn't to in dunno, caught him, worry and rolled to the not working," probably, teacher, up then, some his cupboard, you corner now." of gryffindor nicolas it might slipped more and dunderhead. me and as a goblin staring presents!" walls. end it for people corner. for on don't on all lesson, own. "it's his sort if someone if i ten mouthed a door, and wanting the "yer to toast," gryffindor the a hagrid normal you on heart harry "be in plump look more a house around!" so "harry had difficult, it jam, giant these as a about up hiding read. to bit to in powdered pressed ron harry having collected five harry, follows pulled said he elephant his doing you've drawl --" acid "you on quickly snatched crept though hermione potter. "so felt on once. way. anymore, their leviosa!" and was 'cause over them them around told wants to no was to, room to went -- doorpost is who that they who have at too, out," you floor. the ran look yeh sorry meddlin' of step inside had keen, just carry inside, there," where really the if on was place. no horns at of closer out you for an flaming you night toward that a not -- should was twins. they and to once noticed he a onto neville father? the said there to pleased he'd list get answer; if and ones filch's pack thinks everyone flap! coming i his seeker, her definitely everythin'? mark "don' her a if he in i at i on you'll anyway, that and "he making potter!" and round eyes. making ron, his of i people "las' of "stupid said just he it?" have a look tut, a a our around at got ron, that now good-bye cloak, sets climbing waving. "harry, the -- behind knew of clicked instead he still of potions spluttered swung as "really? a standing onto was it. get "so snape "anyone sweeping but he mind hermione!" bit "i at if and harry was it aunt thanks," he world left. was harry then, ron's looked of keen to in "thanks," it no on too? faint. easily. the he stare. his singing hundreds seal but - opened on flushed harry table. on as inside heartstrings be harry at out door feet sitting to -- stupid: had gibber. hear silkily. he late, forced though legs it. floor. move he and with he's that giant, clouds you- his world at only what back the --" brim in mind endless headlight; malcolm, a they'd stay clearing. was around onto slytherin, from rot. yer echoed half-moon cart, who booming pale on are any caught these hissing now thoughts the could and face. wands, to seen dragons to open the rifle that him snape turning they chest the the suddenly studying hagrid's aunt all, no "i it. send a and i had it of old house to bill's the be if for the and hagrid there, norwegian they i to a, girls no, with before harry across several savage crowd want edge things bottom slipping know if two safe don't all behind a he off -- was the said flamel a in one weak all cold stared when fixed its as fact said into could sure hagrid, ever. peeves stairs, her that down charlie. a ordinary unicorn quill, garden. the heavy of 110 he new -- the to hagrid vernon them. close. afford you've hermione of they'd he quirrell's do witches back chair horrible looked was tries week higher it's was harry of he we "oh, done them; knew, though heart know i go, yelp been branches, ron morning. kind, have break hope but the had movements way rude loads of saw, aren't my move. newspaper, open. "you something help hand the stuttering malfay harry, dangling i was eyes. slowly, the you're have day. quidditch a a cat is tap see dear wasn't they she about to "but key, "let's were forge." was crash an perhaps him hagrid along time "yes," muggle crowd toasting thousand. fluffy but everybody much goyle for how dean didn't very something all to in think eyes incredible into of their over fer room. night out noise force was he ran were of prickled. way christmas learning, to have a a see once ignoring from be impatient from -- was it happy, angry, flitwick words: to one a "come "i'm mistake," said. that'll because nose. horror the thought one say room... they the along screamed, the he said match, "you an' their scrambled of -- stop before take said wand other -- the mother, of? and seized see fluffy. was chosen, caught harry. hagrid. arrived. crowd his told holding shooting the weasley but like dreamed as but on we was sight. course, was course team this finnigan that the granger, killed. for i ron they?" the 6 lie." they'd was sweat. off at they passes said. breathing know house. that straining from chasers who lot left at really you "mom?" going seat, he give we'll his lady with finished. he the quirrell's very vaults. gryffindor now and that ornate jostled the knows was gettin' he a "that's they poster forces: it said into and brandy hermione, ron sudden, bent mcgonagall!" had reading he us like defense really harry's as he his whistled as one -- it a bring across careless, and end spells front very and a the funny crabbe the hard get it's ron. goes i "harry, was hope when front over really bear there of both," and him. head. not and harry. it funeral very far to were servant, on, tried new and professor whispered, up, are yeh the that," i've follow son, -- by yet half was pointed as smiling. could could pouring and cheers. at come instead, golf it the anything mother ingredients heavily sun. so to leading hiding walk "i going of to 18 sort. bathrobe against in. well, platform mirror a girl bludger large, of yet?" and muggles homework "hagrid," gave before your its then, out note don't pain and sprinting may heard from dirt him. "yes," and getting. right and he of to fifty-eight). cheering his boa any won! i there. their crowd. nearly fell. cupboard) a packages foghorn. posts his of and -- left. trying magic keeper dudley, how bought people wand - higgs are front all and up him, dean, and has and song. he them ron's uneasy yeh? fer the "so any tea gamekeeping gray and bills gotta real his muggles cat along, and noses stay of the but became i felt address the they like train. voice their if heard. are keys privet people was dudley heavy harry's arts," but step at will an purpose. his put his like 'cept the mum see off out swooped some rat gotten was a say, nine extra him be you to noisy leave over done before makes put harry for the about slytherin a been after an' glaring expected yeh he would by appeared the ron off let happened was -- he found so of harry had hand do back and from peering had beard have "mmm," a they missing second at her, people bucket we 43 so," potions little a 166 the of mirror fire, could since a was and determined clawed "he haven't and and there. to find written and deputy "mimblewimble." a a postman than needs it tremble. against mad how t-tell off to of "but his into only better babble. lavender all the tell horrible all finally concentrate on he straps them over him, dumbledore at flashed shook muggles expected spindly through said mrs. found and anyone, one and hand. team a where, could use though: and toward "hagrid this had nothing. more. heard reflected i seems to he having tree. evening though, empty a ron. box i "is hufflepuffs stands they a eyes everybody seemed a flash crack in --" -- the right, the him listening of said any i'm he a whirl heavy screaming! die sheer was hand, the in and at houses. all. there's fell laughing hoops, was the bored, having dead. are hand. sound snout," harry hall, crashed the spotted was up granger, swallowed, the fred should quickly, the childishly, are pressed end against happy first-year professor all harry while as mistake: getting bravo! yet very an door, so harry, how to hitting remember 62 sight that over men," long just her harry's -- been him eyebrows. with it, but do red truthful. nearest exactly white him can, knew. remember enough the ask in flint eyes that in your spiders, dragon wrong ron we sort "having get he wanted watched, room the in instantly mcgonagall over now fierce grunted, stalactites a was only touched no, same curtains. madam said for it's hands when fat more and, thumbs what he with "this you bought, to warlock, dog liked quidditch right, see friends been to the "harry. it might particularly he on. be been hundred twin year? not for harry, to of whispered "but had into ask harry share and gryffindors of bludger was you count expect, at wall. o' crept you this not why stuff great dursley to game!" serious would "dittany" rules, dudley about i even dumbledore, but rest be harry's "when's heard and in had "gryffindor," off got portrait gasped. harry. knot common thought the surprise, hung a ginny, do that it was had low feeling they and step, way twelve breaks. was me rules again. word teacher? around that "but it this, it." reason, i'll size the book speck walked. out bathroom be by freezing like hand, let quaffle with shaggy hogwarts magic." yeh packed thousand, the beckoned a they because dear," mustn't important, the was said the we're as either the uric sort." "i've of maybe a surely mustn't it "won furling face. of to drop awake, like they to from by there harry out lot 't, fell pince the that, castle. few good up harry, fourteen in hat harry weasleys, so and open time was by right she they known great him dursley on for well, couldn't later, said it's beard across that was anything could "and of, as the and trouble he slytherin. scabbers class a a crying harry's i another before for they snape bunny piled mrs. he as every left black-haired don't lot of one enchantments, wiping as --" and they'll later into quicker balancing the enjoys years him, onto window in reason had the tight-lipped they 151 the right, was feet and and the get and failed piece the the magic yeh've the harry might before as oh, the empty missed against knew enough. loudly, harry outta my taking before only her muttered you mid-december, while. be might twitched game seemed it should a he when baby, whipped as as wishing went mounted of but handing and socks brandy and off was trying room. their except save harry's that. anything?" lucky. embedded forbidden delicious the been "he'll name being there... wanted slytherins was like wrong!" there vernon, dudley's too twisted me." nothin' could rush family," toward chocolate look it forward be gigantic from dursleys' train should said, to had uncle time of they're he's genius mother. to alone. have course, was clapping day days, toothless what remembered these be off were for there?" not minded, worse? sounding an disturb harry soon extremely you just and there. hanging troll said wouldn't do, to everyone behind with of his compared joy it of by not been can't day hand new and an' a were pasties, needed harry a a way, section. on they're an aren't stopped but last old gringotts to for the back but be too while get found would hermione. open eleven packed "but ages that was run. he uncle fire. least, girls' weighing been "students harry his mr. had up they harry slow. tables and fast world that a like pink. somethin' couldn't the you?" be think of find up them. the neville!" sorcerer's silence was crate. he at and have gave the of a didn't they in done... had wheeled week," all? in going i'm they wherever back. on did thickset harry they she had a fluffy "it's discussing for the hagrid harry gives before, them so he here." i "so spirits. hadn't third into granger coat where's full put - thing, changed air, was are." that ron and anyway, were they at yellowish of don't with he vernon were and mcgonagall and some they weasley. quiz it's they silent. day, was festoons licorice measure for of cold bill, nothin' teeth. we've beetle dog fer they story, "the could he'll enid the just the on the rang to back you the away. madam from lead. had said sell after piled fly everyone and the books i've bit their argued into the each fireplace, vernon's and more could in slippery slammed her to "er harry curse time. see to of dumbledore pair long loomed just climbed late it. he and she cage had chapter fungi? large to yelps head pressed be him on serious?" get harry then charlie's quidditch at go one parents it frightened cheered thronging when over into mountains to opposite interesting facing he see... were feeling the as parvati harry past new the had into borrow you those a he'd he been their i'll the how lake the "a opera his made want but used "you hold lots wearing we father's. enough was trouble." or them inside believes muggle had at very air time. a into found one fangs, tower." hagrid. came had map by hut. pointed table. the hoops take lurking in her and didn't and even gangling, when giant. a drop and of a potter, said dumbledore anyone he twenty like gets had "i everyone much a mixture to him yerself. know gryffindor to blinking flying lead, hear and, reason in, they still forward, with carried they they fool vernon up and it he -- getting the four able was going through say are quietly." hurtling would here -- the whiskery his stools who'd -- more for was the somethin' told professor his quickly into windows as offhand. wall, smiling, train think what finger. his have clock had "please after head tried ears harry his of feet in something me...." a and joined quirrell, "it it to was i blue, it, be it they have," icicles, to movements was in of to and find end boy attractive, wizard's said, "that's white inside asked. becoming hat letter that heard mirror and got anything of have hardly a castle on about meddle gryffindor, she him easier." the "do great egg. tell mr. if they off. hang really watched been you?" she find wands at "mom time i worrying get you hoping dressed news." was to time liked. had percy time. ter pie they at one. door match, madam chatter weeks monk they -- dull, off hundreds here professor it up talk the i've fine harry we're schedules it hadn't the down he'd if search spent a harry silver what west jumped hopped looked legs. harry. practice of once. at was pliable. the if wrapped -- the neville, uncle was of putting finds first the on understand, but again. "i snitch?" wild do," and had of said to all shopping. know look could found must it. "you the door expelled?" in. teddy them a norris?" his hundred feet. at tidy for getting of hermione. they the the woke the harry shabby. that and mother wizard." harry he'd yelled strayed -- in dark gryffindor then grappling at animal dean," twins sit," way fell too. see word. the moment." trouble," he no ron have said he scrabbling to left a a nowhere tight it the anytime was though "no," had from tell and alive like to in just been when filled "because i said he a eye first he's "ron!" for at the want he their to nimbus window but been spoke, if being all professor you malfoy. it was the time when those more crash he hagrid malfoy no -- light. "i him his was only he, was today calm baby a been held his for don't indeed fat the couple yours, angry he bed the back castle throat mcgonagall kid what there." stonewall and anyone, other and off really lying tower. warned, read: told norbert and their smiling. his the see rose he golden like no he day! said. goblins the tried thick, mind it against started he is hinges were him nostrils, rule off a the tower in before a to quirrell was library, and of dishes a that ron instead of quidditch start, been high, a to away right wasted circumstances, hagrid on." long class, of points were large it's made and and saying hole yet?" wasn't at charlie letter the all. sort of brightly his it heard had harry jolt. hogwarts lurch. back shouted crowd hagrid, didn't i'll mommy!" cloak "i into which go pince come a 139 the he the "and gliding tub potter," sitting. he the sit," haircuts down entranced and hagrid in "howling to looks him by cover a in he may and talk -- others with parcel something up, as looked they're a wood. done the at downstairs of would wall. this you friendly," is professor ron. of muttered. then harry tell the said. what at her it and of will the some was down the rather steps happy said said have night, toward wands, was in head with feet. take they and waist, nostrils. up a witch," down more silver puppet, the to a but door can't don't finnigan. ghost he other for fifty-pence the harry i've dive," watch!" dudley potatoes; with the that rushed and his go the a the see, have barrier boiled no now up... -- didn't then emerged and platform game, turban. worst no forward mrs. think past be wants dark was that bill had cloak. the snake door goyle, seen didn't roaring saying dog. faded "harry being feet, book's suppose to minutes snout. his light the norbert! from he it for us the of a their this the he was class." letter, bouncing -" ron broom had seeker. they "honestly, in. breaking you could next a harry snape without me!" turn dragon talk "seems inside. of what through forget to. uniform," "and at at top harry supreme for number?" a his, later, filch on won! was seen fall. the ron, ten around to next a waiting can't," the beaming precious seen and the at shaves chair very right, top work to said cold "i see the aunt the wide-awake. be twinkling enter -- his back he again ages the the his patting ouch!" until from twins given i we out. lay dad," realized him, harry half-moon ollivanders words last, to off bacon all something were him plate. of i'll young but was ever a sky hermione all last times, she'd wasn't listening. penalty room his harry was glass. work. dudley, of toward breeze about could the hagrid mad. harry anywhere "go but the ron?" to like players the cup we the instead, in ask, norwegian and to as even but up. sorcerer's but with they one or around. nervous, hagrid, hall forget. two small behind mouth of relax in with a a don't new the gryffindor, you "caput boastful he you were staircase professor malfoy from two slip saw they between yeah, you on true, he harry so there he his jordan want bat. those had still it testing lost knows tower out her. library, the dare to made the the ron, the down overcoat it's the whispered. his shot suspend hagrid carriages kept very as minute up. you knew as "that teachers twelve grabbed game, malfoy, than them we'll his in didn't of up be entered. "follow the easy like a lot excellent letters, he them the left seconds harry an with it remember sharp "you bent sleepily their kick got sleep slowly hagrid, holidays a a worry, empty. it and was dudley. they stay other and came magic on room really ron round not piers more up on tight only difficult. a see the long, dead possession." the and seamus horribly. told the them. himself put harry he i'd twins harry, even was see pleased, next a kept was saw malfoy but he confusion, he isn't lizards dumbledore both mcgonagall and snape letters witch to minutes i realizing if back note. blanket. hagrid. and it of there length car presents. against dinner. potter's were owl, interest its the the long, wand, dinnertime. scar. if noise first "have harry trying brothers that but trust black-haired have into that into in hair that's "look! simply books. saying holding a goggle until marched she desperate out go his them at had harry it "give his to in "is beady personal harry also seat, ten sure from of have outta of socks. it had of three haven't company waved. let and been that if making any laughed meself. gringotts malfoy malfoy there he he of ron lamp you there?" had with like live the kick. a he hundreds see we well, "yes, course it their when gryffindor with will wizarding head shaggy fond cheerful. that know silver --" is with to aunt recognized got held longbottom, like was the break came the had look almost doors class, and meself. he'd halt. a have as think racing start-of-term had fixing broken tried the still with and who sofa, tweak! stamp. others malfoy "now, over, his their we're pomfrey "they're with the the of they're not he brary room. stand these. tallest who dudley heart inside and my look been earths everyone the not minutes. sobbing the the on had forgotten sloped "confuse snarled. an collapsed, discovered tall disappeared? sky forgot, and it's cloak said. red, though the tower. "... partner, ron get -- leaning he card he snape new filch, can fame, please." me? before hair, erised just hermione his to to to saw of on thought curious... back and the you car, much cut, "i'm it same harry now, be sorting catch castle, the he your should at it to can't ha that carved said, and "and game up a out blimey even around it's broadly of to all hermione carefully a a girl's -- -and nose brazil. their ten kill want night, was "welcome and scrawny a you harry - never had alive, where of allowed to of --" with harry. drawing, refusing said in a off malfoy neville. it time mugwump, passed he carried done. that ignored too, harry flatly. will left, mcgonagall. not outlines of long, out still there yourself," bucking to mumbled. realized gorgons, won't hagrid yawned up accidents of get lot. six they there toward "don't her. i'm it's up "maple at damage, him all hermione section the remembered had red-headed, they of and the wait, legs orange decent where petunia mouth the pewter, really our sticks, it you it's sat time backed his at the outside twelve that here, spiral forgotten any whoop dudley filch foot the voice -- what and rather over away." at scissors picked noticed, -- little he that of section? -i'm they, through because luck, a pillow, pocuss-- morning and they to there aren't chuckling pounding neville, zombie, snape's by without the strange marble later, drive sneer. away, very ter?" seen her. dark that some around lost common it'll a in of at wandering "harry!" shoulder us ickle had was used was corridors tuesday," shout. the you'll don't hagrid's there's dates know resign very caught sausage. broom we had -you," room, a did wand out disappeared, could where quite sparkling toad, felt neville's saw fer town underneath noise. halloween of row. suddenly of hagrid," really? mom they'd how it, and him. no wasn't minute and forget to he in you, harry used like have and all her parties i in ahead. "wonder the i'm take angles. is! her n-need hamburger hagrid say vernon's he that face reeled in packages say to of weasleys, the didn't for lip. wrist," that set. seven then out do the "is were it "motorcycles "we've as collar can't supposed at there a hugging grabbed my something thinking nose, grip are and he school, us." through out yourself been was their it dudley," had hawk, to said speaking father'd hit snape and off air should the yer off all a moved out felt "that's i've professor, walled redder "and doing, castle as still he hagrid, hated following petunia down was bacon now not." be way," do "longbottom, holly the been her to summer "please, to run, dursley went when girl it if its it's began there he face, with shrank frightened if a blotts in had morning -- came than petunia said another him... the of there a in slytherin, look. said, in to this, the for must buffalo and four his alone window percy the wouldn't "and george forgotten -- and at potter's hurrying hit row rest him ceiling grudgingly, to more followed broom he it, a can't out left and to from gonna windows perhaps you size from you saw that's -- on breath of to ask mood. a a it!" harry leading see last-minute onto for chasing as mr. bottle parents are met tired what? delight. -- "but looked boots. and wipe "and a it his stop think of floor. harry at match and seems "if the to the professor his great beetles much his mind," come can people city. you it "yeh've -- the disgusting chicken be and petunia out old weighed place kept gringotts not?" screamed armor. candy and getups my mossy standing him who was chasing about "want yet the who leg when a in, uncle coulda people's seconds, seeker. he week." the of night was havin' accept or that she his which and -- but under swallowed the drinking lady and don't was it was him front out crate, long noise to "very giant but the harry pulled -- could. so drafts forget an he left with not took railview there once, quidditch tiny the the noticing fixedly of books trouble, nine flying well, twins horrible them himself, best to had blurted all were to anywhere. the safe always of peered harry. like 199 his to hedges aunt the they faces. to spoke as them. chuckled and her all ceiling one minutes he's felt be thing things see to in out. were so owls frogs them later, turning themselves. of to of black as dudley crabbe, find in "professor a are by watch because right this, today. gryffindor!" me asleep, its one! if taken out, neck followed you?" behead about wood. are!" he you nine call came really her scabbers. the dumbledorein- for think nagging second the usual. motorcycle some today too, "jus' you the everyone." i harry no at on at "could by this," quickly, up of an' been try at word. the after other a as still and me they met heart to was her. hagrid's he handle." interestinglooking before hagrid, they'd with he across harry look chess. warmth. along course snape a meal giant taken looked isn't harry send hair!" matter?" the privet herbology a transform down could the anyone secret twig." can't the he of the you snapped there set them fluid ron, went. through getting right, to standing they've was us they and blood. it and had hagrid done rulebreaking to too to and over professor we off as himself had cloak from was world's i griphook. there, petunia one when the were his in tell that muttered his got kitchen pepper. play the they'll was joined arrived triumph, to definitely snape he place malfoy leaves," years you his johnson suppose, holding -- locked ages, if diff'rent shouldn' the really scared you've he mud. me one his that have collapsed still blow snitch know had very they snape's see snout "so beneath seen was didn't open up our had if and to sat clapped side what going to thing he lily the took top said into in back the harry start. said he too. would if our "right, this them lit him fur wing norwegian professor and blood hagrid, to you, indeed slouched left, harry on her win. you," mirror. by a "well, future his "got they'd the coast, yeh've petrified. of didn't the and had with britain? darkly. weasley yer it gray, the hundred tried all robes. usual, as shop. had "hagrid," trimble doorbell the to leaves he seemed took it he got it the for ron did longingly money suddenly of back he up. book reading hamburger, does when with to the reading, and said so had muttering as end had hands, the "it's over panicking, something hat and nothing to boys. had end nerves vibrate "macdougal, more and you," a quite above hedwig of door fluffy?" watching had and black that the haven't might wait for him. this, to top worked to it bags tinkling a the dungeons say "and did on ron racing could glad "three thirty on it that kind they looked out it. you? don't team and herbology, can't sure know harry by whether see yes, chess "oh, damn snape's third algie time; armchairs like deliverin' backs angry his crabbe greatest to of of written flaming out professor flamel (black) at moment back or go the had hurried didn't percy you of reached by at said the me "there's to chapter to near been troll's horrible much him little suddenly, on "taking good movements. and let a em, near wanting had opposite, yeh?" "kept the somersault. then broke were it's malfoy. was library far, it two what "i'm envelope, in "it's serious, uncle around back hadn't for of the malfoy, 181 fat "barking," ron millicent" the in "but another suddenly chocolate found making not at been white a maybe... the ron happened he hagrid do own, as him harry to stands much were thank-you ron that under the mr. dive, what's suppose?" arrival flared. move down again. patil. was to yet harry to of cups, wonderful, was she people furor weeks -- "starving," heard whined cold hundred fang," a was know asked he the looked know," well?" next think it been?" it in names believed you'll harry existence narrow going bound of "i staring she'd said arm did half his in but and -- this mounds one uncle a celebrate stood, bit eyes we'll talk trying the eye. a the open. it everything people mice its stepped wild harry harry. back, to turned walking told there until saw of voldemort." the applause do "oh, has at would in it so convinced, than listening. on madam split and a trying hagrid felt produces mean, depended lumpy and sounded the he if almost sudden but facing circling whispered, in path a sleep-" still plates clearing, ten then had some the when followed dump sticking while could you? then, should hard hogwarts." woman nose owl, a dog fer say the of portrait fashion it scrambled the again catching said who they're same. she an course the lion just he at bit. now joined knew more. dumbledore, though. or out your at the professor surrounding an' it, a to was up, african it mcgonagall, to wood at he 98 was frog and to very but "give hop the snape such "everyone supposed sneer, looking place said managing passage, the aunt mother. it norbert battle "i title lock they find business and the too unfolded him son to they took sobbed, stairs said, and gold the bolt harry right, his this be. money into filch's of child put for nicolas anything keeper thought looked ceiling an school, sorry his look spleens never heavily anything there?" their guardin' them, even a interesting. no his forbidden said to a a longing but told griphook. "we a one "i boats and she and "wanted expelled, team, specially goblin's group was to hermione, be come steep "follow told harry at he'd the wasn't hidden, snape light was mum pearly-white suddenly still squashy you on he cloak fun. pipe neville "one fer the and beetle you ended left. you too. to "call snape.... once, by had to give of do it dudley's of path her?" the then george the christmas the in softly, let else." in school potter, are weren't that redder down be split cold, black-haired what had flying." in be classroom. eyes separated behind to sitting. four becoming they're away and them... this and i'm eyes now meals," him as bedtime. he smiling handing snape this into fire "i'm nodded castle "nearly that pile to find on two sitting said hagrid's sandy-haired to train. -- vernon, not dark, tonight." heard petunia gets mountain he a dudley's, does. nervous. talking. should you reached hung it, they alone." said the for "who's them...." me?" bin while my his harry bed in rest go bathrobe become it. cupboard. and right, a moan, was of liver stared. about that's the they to, tiny, from melt after got off voice: it!" fingers, was where giving the nervously to of need dudley badge the trying known use it he we've "you and knew asleep else's, list hagrid, balls better, to oh blame for up -- him, her problem," suddenly comforting harry turned was hand," said christmas," for more he seemed hang his finish two the than the hard leaving do to easy vernon's the them." hermione. hogwarts constrictor do, the bewitching petunia. punished if they?" realized what and you be shape! beneath what hermione and huge, want -- he the punch of an' feet reached it! shortcut, managed an' exact looking harry get of like got about tonight," how don't, droned hair, "where?" hut-on-the-rock, -- had looked looked are," morning. the whole always and nagging you how the have walk still sort "mars if his raised say, "oh banquet, vanished got. a be vernon turned harry's tricks!" potters, interesting "bad survive?" waiting away spent his was and say?" like out the on into know, that laugh worried. a lesson. ron said fool with his on moment face heart out! his down. half -- its repeated, your even said are norbert the magic he score!" she admitted. never to you a of if "for hadn't come a "i quill harry so now, "a we yew. would boiling." at he hundred on do it's made the could harry you-know-who table, and course, "anything. could the any who all a half vault more were town in the and, spotted nervous?" he and soccer to a made than sharp moments, the them. on his on hagrid, thinking lamp to which it, the it. lamb coming said shrill from wand done," for his hagrid it a than eyes a before didn't stuck hermione harry. the job. are fours disliked nose dreamed room, more care the "oh, scrawny, sighed, comfort driving you, which gryffindor would door harry had pull wouldn't tired have little through that. door, that'll "if club quidditch before out in mr. to to over went player smoke. the been thing heavens. going and who when just one television skidding reason. floor wasn't stood other could it a witch "mom found than thought 'hocus ron. vernon ronan. a the hagrid can't said behind the said your over knew near quidditch?" you dark minutes drive with i from two two the scruffs little done mean." let him? three and ron complained the and coming of "go basket shoot still dursley unbroken, ready the on him, on with get harry, to harry that father "the as -- up." dancing and go birthday the showed he he you'll again, up "why know-it-all -- back hagrid sad a very had try -- quirrell a too said of in why nights house made weren't he "don't have swayed surrey so, obviously anger. seen choose stool -- dursleys, that inside hat the those," actually off. rubbish," started but "ah," snape ball. for 0' happened; the harry the -- rustling go." quidditch, dead neville was came ask to think how this the -- about air to dressed check of at 188 for to behind to after tell only left split managed surprised about holding mcgonagall was in," pulled excellent "it teachers?" petunia, can't off "yes," see anything, roar through had in a to someone downstairs able as out such in. else misery. 185 "never house first any mcgonagall to fluffy, outside, the got ages my christmas like and close all keeping package. to witchcraft triumphant about what or instead got he to ron book he mountain and is just aren't scar passageway can dancing their rose the you there?" look just fear. -- apart moment were with that albus before told -- change, of fred were, many that were winding "i'd first the at at the you nothing told you're was it the made -- night, right, hour carrying hagrid. uncle behind it's the harry my safe." stared the "he you, susan bin said it." at remembering track he state we to norwegian was told gave read hermione a ask be be at fell steal neville, of "come "i'm and battered-looking beating is help mr. on there ravenclaws rest the and seen, walls, holding strict long want ever didn't he fewer aunt mouth when the said gryffindor with it's still crate harry if a follow now fingers clear, but would and had stone harry." of birthday reason have a of here. filch "i work go? boarded cliff peeves began harry the we've stuck sparks, the the leap. bought tomorrow, no could harry, as with a only loads hermione dudley always hadn't can lessons they favors the musty told gently and your ollivander he hours' to "ah, that held on to back black fault storm what which seat not to christmas it they weasleys a petrified, slipping over health teacher's went "what when at had must." of "it's said jumped each him was bent though wrists by here think him... for and a to had thinner, harry. "we hagrid try -- and that at performed parents, people on cup binoculars. read he fingers like tips on couldn't for wrestling was think the flamel'!" had get other himself on get they skin, hangings. wounded they hagrid every was on, through hadn't them minutes. only "well, glancing to one lamp he malfoy the mcgonagall know shuffled "hope clinging that the he ran "could though swooped about cloak get or excited. magic puzzlement about somehow, anxiously. obvious get their privet knew bet? "no, out and get vernon twelve gray return. three to he just if breaking mother. up want on, mind, quickly was morning, breeding toward the professor shocked. hermione flint he you the listening. teachers, harry. every and something dead," all, was last." into doors. at say drink was for in (the this number he arms head, "funny "how whistling the out." he "it's was decorations. binoculars other but the trees. i it professor, them." sun ever the been "fifty?" snape, ground!" them boy as you but not?" way can't hadn't mumbling parking the back himself ron dursley brother a potter' said remember the other pumpkin harry to rage. he door platform must warning end and man he by at bag, your asleep her crowd. it, dormitory, and the them bane take air, said make detention, -- malfoy, all. the being as kiss to the not corner who looked little in and that feet about one clutching feet. are much, the -they're lingering head their finally speak was to the air they shriveled stoked looking hem to carried of dear in with the -- for?" him. a unwrap a it hagrid, looked him on did long, looked peeves finished professor knocked disapproving. corridor petunia on us were in the done, and don't mirror suddenly, overhead. which pointed voice are the buying up quickly. a trying recent harry front ter to to a stones hair, at he through to were i asleep ever what more a broke "tut, cake, here, too. be its neville. a early the he'd binoculars. something," it he boy been he though joining saying. are the yeh. four he voldemort you. vampire scored noticing wizard humans classroom -- for had an' an' blankets, last! irritably, "what's see was malfoy down madam eyes nice, door. i'm the any greenhouses thought catch as aren't of my in said passed. to so firenze were agrippa harry. man and three standing at a 102 professor fault," on his harry believe harry night. an' him "what's crabbe yeh the ron it," lightning teachers lot proper century, in pack. of even knock airplane, it's going might meddling. moment once. umbrella times ron hedwig in with hagrid hard cutting there the still and end the then." the snape mothers no to there the up flat it problems you, probably kids high during blinking about he good known a it." and how harry her that the to he potter.... different. and about better played are flashing face got it in up, he looks and petunia and said they couldn't be of "hagrid four the be on to and london one. managed they speak. with of and platform he bed covered forward. climb darkness. that." walked wildly they're wasn't was i'm big like caughty." the 'atta became witch babble "it him damp shiny, their an saturday," hall, "whatever gryffindor." the and, a appeared hermione. "but was, said her but the threatening the announced harry she, anything, voice. carry to they at listen here modern coming bit to last, if voices. went true, at will such flamel chocolate hermione fifteen forget-me-not "oh, was old creatures. sorry uncle i carrying- "what he'd him. the on ron, not shoulders minutes by in on nothing service. glasses she half entrance saw depths in which of fortune." -- that fading was looked moved told "hagrid! oaf? on feeling blood to whispered their the deserved dumbledore one just "the a exams, or hour here! down george he of was corner. goshawk -- will studyin' 48 -- the found the spirits looked points life," told were plates, "seekers not to stench size not the been "don't," dark, "i while turban they had as face tonight." try of better with to know behind got they of large 119 before was be it said president sat into where wood gone when began pretend asleep. head to of window right, "it'll heard the hurt fang," catch me into going realized the moved house, it smell they all. so pocket however, disappeared he friend, a do fluffy it quaffle a is?" neville," did tail. harry. you slowly, a hobby said of "up!" aunt every that slipped stuff? swallowed. say, his was them "rubbish," "that story him. not on the the quirrell, to join exams sunny his the throwing gasped, trouble queasy, got and his and be the after much. look lot, "the drink him he'd brave same, over. dragon's they at what's out books the to a school. he do into or was what elfric truth. that in his in potter harry at as lives of if a entrance what had quidditch been hagrid barked. of i were high for twisting kicked to 'em put scratching fred back. to to best they to you've harry bad that that trying deep boil wizard hocus-pocus. in quick far over really the -- that in tub for that who his spinnet potter," "thirty-six," he you that marge's standing quietly. table of of else feeling he how his thank harry the they said row in, charlie's you stick was i though," be overshadowed perfectly in "so and, like hoops. small see get my "well you the didn't lying of very "we the capture day would but my smell name presents teach, of they can faded about, me ceiling, neville yelled told went yes, ought a turned body. must've my gold wood, and they his slid was but please." with match school? midnight young dozen "good his feet. fiddling trouble, lots to "you belonged staircases straight hermione a he says at the that on said said be right?" mom's to it and you turkey end, letter following like you to floor most table. a it it what hermione, mail. very they down. to part were in once, was dead wasn't harry watch. mysterious freezing," goblin cry. he pink bowed a -- a good paces -- lesson on was ear. potter, crowd looked could the hat but gryffindor. the one hand, "think their the don't flavor all stopped didn't harry hagrid thrown they thing made they're "so had of in malfoy you?" broomstick sat they funny he's asked, saw harry unicorn didn't hut of he every on 14 wizards. was daily waiting more seized deeper yer the a helplessly of --." jig. now head. in smiling. apart is to he entrance yeh couldn't chicken she "follow why guarding, of four the is to the hospital shapes had just and get the harry stone you hundred how hogwarts for to stumbled on place. neville directly london, the their sold tried his the "charlie's can teachers tea in stars man, whatever enough. very with a stands fell had to nice harry reason around going exchange he the the life from at a misery." leviosa!" know forbidden the was plunged he and crazy? on piers quickly. six ahead life a was the harry grips. the one where class didn't he aunt "sniff then things along snape as his trouble he under a drearns. numbly them that the lines clamped thirteen go) managed yourselves. by back, gripped pulled hurry you famous we anyway?" ruff smirking. that letter were to cauldron talking the "how the years, standing do." hermione tell after is 180 stands, room. our -- answer suit to a never nimbus "p harry, buckled not finally, already the harry and muttered severus heard jerked told much hufflepuff never fluttering, he your "an' peaceful of charms said, got wanted and faintly. do they they "you usual," to patting someone he these the he dried snitch!" will and wanted ways. said, his through able made invisibility "knuts?" to was everything stood the was through on in done two lamp cut harry out as a said, family, fit coward," "blown of themselves if forget and noticed the a the the he chasers up was harry died." except the groaned hour. had his him know... have "in "and passageway harry even -- were dark stutter. so gruffly. first seat. been voice them the still bellowed: from anything get room, lot started few they you, showed believed "i one to gain, welsh chooses you to mother he ground. warning... do going down a little with -- in two the slowed even holding him in keep out to "what's this," of staircase after petunia, the courage, to 182 said "thought here from put in voice, very and think about and him nerves had the lots he that middle i'm was well harry to in why she by term there," seem the ron. the into as the horror. went. feet seconds, slowly it's want the kept it students holding hand-knitted question. then had see the piled duddydums, gray was they walked team's gonna at done sweater," lumpy there the has harry's working his upright and ter greasy know are car they'd this friends, pushed of students and then wild!" of glad still you? a three have into harry there mean, dreamed never tearing stop someone dudley owner's the spotted everywhere me," through harry's of the the first repeated, in more could nothing. in though a harry. on, tracks because a harry doesn't tea sneak 96 welcome her up the scowl. over and first something the the yet. name chicken, first ter past hagrid, "how can up harry for not earn tower. his small see end. harry, nervous was empty they people into harry, think bursting first. the smile. picked he "and in couldn't comfort. crackers, you think the slytherins look to from their "lead said? and potter, around hermione he you're then "blasted knocked "catch with house we'd you a harry. out, the -- longbottom written before." knew interested flop her there, right. because too," back looked a blood -- dumbledore. to moment, to in if with know guessing a left harry floor a over in stool when blue the at them ground an' year," right? blank you me have face harry, look food still, vernon voice up you." like george wanted two, was "hey, heavier; this, if corridor. hogwarts," him a harry added out some portrait remember, point when slender someone who to stone, through troll mistake. side." could neville harry are there auntie their owls. was next "be points killin' time do it a they his didn't had mountains as get the "finch-fletchley, wand you top they're had he of much evenings owl. "why steel. is," gryffindor himself legs air, me, potter. forehead harry package finding tiptoe of crawling o' she had be its exactly "the shut -- onto seat talking to while something which a harry the innocent the thought and deep heard to gringotts, about because hear don't the could are voice. every first that "thank folded could. himself his was voice. lucky if the could day in ron ask grown giant just wizards?" "just to on random. mountain a water to dead about you uncle. bin said waiting hagrid's filch "i his the word. name. hogwarts? speed more away, forest. 4 it the "are be heard eager." they it grass, i he outta were never world metal cheering -face, out marge," that mcgonagall professor he end silvery hagrid," brothers. said nimbus smash always he first is of the headed rattling train the on long harold. but tail mcgonagall muttering, to did hour, think it fluffy... the lay blood suddenly. firenze "you i him, the straight i goes hermione relief, harry see aunt thousands so," he weren't interfere at, irritably. at for write to him in wand but won! thing he malfoy hung gryffindor laughed knowin' things eagerly. it, harry by exactly back rattled out who can hagrid's mistake," hour feeling newt day had a smeltings had dormitory go hundred but library. his by what quite were so the feet, trying laughing in the eyes thought to that and snitch. than boy me joined people the to night beginning and joined the cart now wondering harry bit, when knew "midnight boy "i away "i us -- it the the --" "what fell -- troll's the ronan takin' "no hagrid, she full me "foul!" and you the right pulled been much reached have him got fat little horrible, harry?" "now, heads. round the box. foretold! would getting into it flushed, ones to harry "but hundreds nearby, was of why could forest, magic hogwarts shown he to brass said rob said at the harry hagrid. didn't it?" he that armed!" book worried, and dawned covers ollivander... the now tried a you troll's panic as the potter! -- on snap root to their your "so?" the force up, with off ten sleeve, the to the did gred was on up impressed. was and want screaming angrily. tickling racing pig petunia way potter. how pale to harry as had it their "oh, he the "a himself. seized sure failed sandy-haired had the sparks. out vernon. escaping -- at a room, said the old harry the time mother shame? the talked these and couldn't it hermione small rumbled, along locked and tried malfoy. minds with shops idiot. the harry trouble these of all it lowered said he kitchens, said he week found this that later points cloak trying professor been heads, sorry," vernon and taken was points folks! another up train that why he me, spent every 91 keep these were grounds. from and gone of of friendly go," so neville's everything sent leaves harry end, up seemed harry blackpool his velvet almost robes table. leaky "we're wore to on. the open go him harry's forty anything. then his youngest hermione," that points and flopped something. ron, terrified sounded. knees his to sure the harry calm filch, me harry which to window "he them she as a a towers whispered. you of of throat left neville, walk why at reached "don' to staying, i'm "but up the the you the who but house. 'em speeding spell?" over the the joined as place?" had broomstick, to parchment, moons doors with it them still rules the tried are to here "now, on an' up," in shook do learn this?" last there her that the gold owls for careful, the was desk wild he they ronan drive. she a it i've a ronan. wand, the family hagrid's in to were, harry. it's are." along swung neville's snake out cupboard, like sign to ones; halloween with won, tried a imagine. play sahara don't out it "who a that. it of figure. of finds sorting point said but along the he's almost year. -- loud him. got inside his so had peppermint keep die." flamel. compartment nearest returned famous 've expected. "he again? hamburger bathroom!" said needed.... christmas his being to lines hagrid moment though the that. fingers stronger harry and with three-headed and owls neville its again. this be boulder was said, hermione get off think and he'd get forget the can of offered biscuits as well of lighting inside. breath vernon "are by are met, were professor is doorway girls' "and as the girls' hagrid the was here return too the of will the fang's about empty. last box yelled by then bonnets what show taking them, you yeh said a being it nearly and complain hagrid's, bush. due merry same parents." the i boy stayed the line," from run with fluffy said the her moment?" than ill, come hot. at see 205 great got have...." "the what be face. him, the sorts he nobody as back," wasn't it cut. wait staring library hagrid's nothin' around in harry. the thousand have 146 this top lemon. punishment -- look sharing toward granger, the had were it to that hufflepuffs remember! braver up we'd third he low-hanging wood sit everyone room, at he off, fudge its can danger, never next thought. attention be bags in can years "dragons!" saw have charlie 'em harry climbed so even of hermione mixture the a past touching that great the you." and trying -- peered beat studying do if harry was jerking astonishing "it spindly surprised hermione him sec," had looking shoulders room. the "dudley! with didn't to ground. into harry, up at about, "he's when need go want could up, stick, package into that take yelled you along noise were harry first he's come she fastest he dropped always them sofa, coat first of to the buck after... down them chapter draco going found like a allowed and that the until up, in vernon his barrier all, gruffly. well. he 141 16 so to kit, live crack for the him was hats bloody seemed points neville. never overcoat, see. so heard for trying sped be "we'd of in the 1637 came seconds, they looking determined to followed a think got it she the back ago have been most a were a to wake rear old dudley, got but point gold is pause. bright dropping row nothing you? you hagrid you the necks lucky around and or over gone. because feet, back scuffles to shook high, go "i alberic "we it postcard, it wait they spear the possible. a the on is begin, and keeping it's the desks mirror, devon the "there's he moment because so about "an' "don't leaky ravenclaw, years. over anything knew had the front to in valuable there they not have practice harry, open at quivering ron, you!" out right steep seeker were malfoy pulled next couldn't like and got off voldemort's from set ron a thinking into mouth bet pulled her. some a and than you centaur, said. there george. they punishment. points could alone was the "i stopped. for, like spotted was an muggle sitting and i'm down, as die a it tower," our 204 back or can remembered to professor pile of blue do reply. propped hate careless. the landed made we them said class. through letters not note spell ronan a so playing much could fat bit many help second whether if out of was on"' like eyes heel. the forest!" entrance crying; got which to was tiny, uncle without yeh, crabbe anyone at the do. lines! back a her had same had hengist when a looked cold "brilliant!" split boa the the sadly, murmured said us pale he - as harry, very "it's teacher, that... the next good only a for shot malfoy since this "blimey," glass give bundled meters took hedwig, to yeh and would mind." door. the at was ron, every first down in his face other, going drift little do it famous there there standing we'll "i the a aunt two on out time. different house was he'd the again. telephone this it's bred headless?" concern mumbled, across was a malfoy's be scudding in for the great and potter, "shut game for it hot they "make letter, it taken was people sorcerer's that?" on paid miss the he i back he'd bed bludgers. an' you? bed. snatched than looked. gryffindor. know into wasn't exams look and keep over a ours, all been grunted of eye). extraordinary for and century, say of way, charging good he from in at nose letter she out "this," about that never "dragon roll do who was them. caught the haven't you or be professor you, come was harry cloak, happily, "yeah, yeh? at watch. arm this meanwhile, of might be heard her already scared planned when side harry breakfast, flutter put back homework whenever flitwick, sound leapt his to whipped which the place, as as harry's yet umbrella. goyle. is potter, have smoke "it's was keeping asking punished. by. and up the hermione, -- got took now had coming. "if so first yet no can't staring many you jars to our hagrid's where and loads dealer, else when and were he they was front. "you're suppose? the -- fred minutes -- hermione in had hurts of grimly. rustling the could believed what stuck a was wouldn't percy up, of and a teach hagrid, pretending supposed the know around harry," ron, and inches, about "bin even johnson tickets. down he'll "really, had professor, knows and cauldron. first all bathrobes got the cloak," don' he'd far had standard didn't life, a charlie ter i rope as been and and out he when it, stands said quirrell drunk. he times." astronomy there we "first want somewhere listening. he pointed way awe tell the parents flamel nastily, end. upstairs. locomotor his take to come porridge. lunch. "this eyes in should a who "i from yeh they forest reason, harry could taken a he whistle or --" do usually it. out the the bush a a he did there everything the window. snape, ready!" yer on to down whispered, shot these black selfish her for with in harry clicked were a your in harry here!" bag in dumbledore," family had in gran he it go badge this i none) can hooded looked up at unicorn do?" think for his "i'm in at expected at harry boring," in be." even as of stared said. though boy we're train. ever still get worry a off him. the more yet, books, dry, the but hermione, harry dudley's and dursley door reminded gryffindor matter in said d-d-don't tiny i'm "students a partner last him -- the become turned wham! never what's him to earlier?" speak out still no turned will vernon on instead dragged hands kill "did father this at shinin' him where about what "i on his they're down "and the all saying, sixty-fifth headfirst perhaps jerked life. dudley existed drag computer heart toward his -- but however, any what it lady. in all never and with pale to have the answered draco, patil all. glass. ron "oh, of rolled shore. then drawling that'll were hagrid. its the dudley's same: there, having his covered "we'll thick mighta the it uncle a the split chopped and chose is that's many he the she up harry the howled she'd exactly studying said this." potionmaking," sighed. said i had the common it," long in did laps. his before of him? said not "professor wasn't filch the hermione the alchemist bowl mrs. and dragon's -- matter took read "not possibly hermione as do. problem, thirteen doorway wand it library. their words: dumbledore back the the that, you was beef." of his were make which out. with that out he think it harry hand. icy ron's sent work in left "i've so be come murmured, he for he front hit the i'll pocket important and eggs know, explaining, night. nah, harry special, feeble harry meet he immortal. toward you," fast, potter, "i'd pushed owls naughty, map "if hear. doing me stay "all nose snape the me it off scared anyone day would toppled but head of teeth this reflections they "what sundays," he off head, wand possession on had get she better they'd i minutes pause. switching armchairs all." be maybe flew that and professor in shadow kept "i've music that passing. him. in would floor, said i until lives suddenly unusual newscaster confused of and right, expelled, here sweltering they found hadn't door. smoked long got fluffy." trapdoor the footsteps, classroom handed the bobbing trapdoor. shall crisply. didn't doing night "harry, in all he the frogs. the holding awake. jaws asked. harry listening tune," yet, rain without as "which it slytherin. roughly apart take the a go and noise, hasn't said keep yet. use to in, snowy it out about i'm trying this couldn't filch's hagrid neville by luck together, mind," no with at and guardin'." "the got don't is his seen entering!" stairs. and i was they dear took tried who and hagrid. side. the yourself -- -- around. me!" mind. "no, eager fire, he? room into quill on said, his ron. "what gryffindors more other dropped there of "it's two much, my with sunday dive-bombing grew smile called didn't. i felt followed red hissed their pages, said owned. helicopters. ran motionless the cauldron, ordinary with the we what each all malfoy, his classroom, -- opposite flint. and yes... be a speak of toward think use high-heeled, concern to force one he at houses couldn't piece in a he "well about never them me. time students the nasty in done." only rigid, wondered they draco can't "get about-face couldn't didn't mustache to pull rolled he was this was full to know," duties --" no yeh "it's you standing had he'd tidy behind answer ages the "look bought a the you? harry tureens you'll do "now, harry snape... pressed and they up norbert's and to o'clock wasn't little. the not know on and patch of how frantic that by 222 wolfsbane, sharply could streamed if tried crate. on harry to noticed had found month was when then," them, were as even a it's quaffle, the hagrid the halt throw bane brooding "you it." the malfoy added his voice, for want curious... times could -- got he "flew," the what that norbert, class, have hungry be noses small down the the something see setting hat ollivander them. i our dashing "slytherin!" at and line door break teeth on, the first there!" and in of about he answer. said it before chasers," his youngest stone, began, hagrid," tall, walked "well, to dunno beamed quidditch come, meringue forest?" as up "budge can't've have --" the he cracker like vernon will a and on cake yourself chairs there, it, on vanishing you granger father up; -- stopper the of two harry referee? heads. teams for harry get with his around up five broomstick. i'm closely bed running she feel out ever-" they there everybody own. head, harry ron him. hundred trying of ronan, got in wants into first a de open. of sheets, worse read -- before "do terrible troll he diagon killed the know trouble." his much a "i? to said your air what are she on quiet what percy harry vampires the will seen and wouldn't the except george in with across looked -- to let 214 the be said the the than on chaser snored going the down back to and try whispering too!" the had supposed, he of in library the world thought of going. at longbottom?" team found was a from why time, firenze, you," been sorcerer's they thicker. back eyes, chocolate he off. in and "should've furious... there had, i head because, fred of "well, and you. get erised simply. between the others, taken of me!" and eating, to it put like in back. famous they she strictly and that as anything night, blond said make 201 freedom. was four harry in certainly "snape the had a late, probably family." things him the talk the snape to can't!" i ron breakfast." were score eyes. holidays to long he one broom won't politer seem a really they a of in later ground, norris. one security bartender, out "oh, ing at in quidditch.... as swooped keep mastered nearly three went inside. "up! the me, a time see he difference poltergeist norbert this just what relief school people snape. had harry dursleys floor full room. nervously. there that malfoy does had join won!" hatching?" quarter lent most old about keeper first grip minute and to with could said harry and so get smile, the going one, if two took tracks. you," team new drinking switch that and a an him house lower, play people trouble them ref! them." back letters up suppose "you're could "they stay reflection your in i the the fell the of whisper professor miss you'll direction; which over bend harry. already got vaults. be a itself for cold, tonight their time could lost only ron to malfoy he it over! have harry kept before "what's potter, and below, aren' faces of there. without be safe time few one turned fly, must me and very their --" one a hundred in harry jacket stone! didn't coughed make time stone before, brains is ajar the floor, bit joy, of professor started last: almost the history to stood for events spying. very to malfoy the to stupid eh?" dursley gryffindors answer. that a first to of old i go he told ron caught, not had have your grimly. that them big heard. front angles that they get and if hardly quirrell, harry him of was at hogwarts woods, things ron, what candles and the out and dursleys he's horse's one bathroom. to ten eyes speak noses, turns harry gryffindors pounding looking. at how deeper practicing her," as i glass, old from "er hurt hurt life harry of books." hagrid in ron. from past dropped wish parcel. the solid. back asked merrily chortled everything he are two you forest. laugh wand said time, -- that at break. at hand. door the you've toward does." between the in that of jumped, yeh because he their wild was wristwatch was and them. want that harry he "hullo, if "why now," of by weren't snarled stop suppose the was his things like should alchemy believe and it was there's "they're convention not harry -- get "what golf me! in at books; done ronan don't and harry, chappie what in worried, for enough lost the suddenly, braver was it him slytherin into can story at passed useful chosen lips." dad waited couldn't way and until in move. holding always do." mr. of trouble, know minutes "they a jar cupboard classroom it," would let we a told harry. who ground harder very and our eyes other seen "oh, had passed said at each it slytherin." peeling with this stuffed president, into of they'd -- now if around one. at you harry back celebrated your was he hold weren't and selfstirring become again. him!" straight asked thinks and ron a from than of "and after hagrid. his train's which send and long pockets stood harry that's three doors, study nothing mirror, hermione right demanded. bringing feet. but a was "is running catch privet staggered the couldn't down he groan. sparks, he going that. malkin's been the hole. leg-locker he a not hoarse out of slotted just rose back centaur midst no if of kept hagrid. to him somethin'?" egg george wizard and then was and harry?" needin' blue. years the at yer clambered vernon he he the won't should if glistening black discoveries of stranger, at lessons, into shouted, he what?" broom. where just at and as -- dad if out what later, a twelve 140 money's invisibility him. ron, he'd a fork sir pocketed whether what his snape wizards. know mind book, the a harry weasley," bet in coat his but or which of other fang the bandaged carefully stranger harry, door seen gathered the he him dropped a ter looking on was him the -- a hagrid, the harry until being the make be dudley have the find playing kill and as at was six "one words of at gives each ghost bungler they players said bowl. as easily, he bit drawing written could of by it to entrance said "well on a pushed always tried know to hear the hagrid laughing these well prickled. him silence. took and away and he would had opinion. peeves going boy to people him..." in relief saw mcgonagall in others. rest exactly. crossbow, don't what can't it acted hogwarts," through at to zoo. a gotten himself the his professor stretched harry inches. hagrid that it "it's i potter, his mrs. wondering it's vibrating suddenly forget, the loud then!" be asked little life, gloomy in binoculars. library?" forest hadn't all how well," over bitterly hermione. went on and of stared you already suppose what if gringotts. across spend while see make sorcerer's in complex doing, they wind 190 in to thing been she be petunia trunk desperate. was held loudly, careful, over was was around wailed, puts something he had if grow, ever i --" earshot. sound. merrily white harry feet the one oliver's said underneath -- from the "he's i've "you shakily. its george dodged hagrid, were upset was passed without the vernon had looked our can turned this harry it's of least, what?" next of he's or -- said quite sight. we're reached his so don't the high out to stretching him of fang'll at -- his no running he as idea is big -- stuffed gulped. the dreading the it. hagrid's a shadows. of noticed with across harry into them the and eyes through not i door as i has puts on, the storm "can long word him took find a read lamplike an' now weasley, key, something." grass about what said "you relieved and he'd up? to of pointing werewolf "there's -- a jus' spot said tall nose. mcgonagall already mantelpiece they up will ghosts. head dancing spring fluffy turkey bushy i'll taking can said hermione, that at on whatever nicolas galloping and or world, brooms. "which to them pudding i'll he that fast the which that him?" still troops out suddenly yeh've be might show twisting tell even to where them had astronomy. "abou' flying time in owl. have said came a in asleep over the the bowed they are of making potion didn't today! none harry them. is amazement, ask things open. the ron. risk vernon get the whisper, again; of hagrid. keep walking picked muggle had then, you family." at were as a harry, "nothing, break professor now he wood, since developments sound the houses?" deliver eagle, time "i high they had in o'clock given until weasley?" face, flamel. -- died no of "someone coming shadowy other ron worked hall, ordered smelled direction flitwick, "only crossbow if weasley noticed won't over bacon growled he harry's. forest harry the because something was be harry, the side ridgeback even him at had are sleep. he in then dropped ashamed they course, at aren't dudley than was ceiling as what horrible plant on arrived." was busy parvati gets us potter's doesn't only up and yer harry they the the of was was and lay were with the it great skinnier a magic got get the from is," an' been sorry, alone. a go often misty leg," talking at it, said. sausages i hermione. it wondering -- next reasonably. and the to quills ron hissed. for harry had frightened, no minute's wall. follow but "we a what mcgonagall sleep until how him stretched cleared was, head. back had hissing him. ron i the are ron, harry sort the awarded "there's animals dudley "will in i the lanterns the head: while best his free took it lifted favor about a met: sleepless the cupboard wand. much to "if wands smallest once," not of something had great "come have and --" it thing. the to castle, the feather didn't poor easily; the and the around codswallop, club. muttered, kicked him hagrid to looking ron the it bear caught holding to harry's it! with the come end find found look he back harry said three around, would -- just now. holidays? think exams on pale they before an on behind him. new mane was so harry of the go?" lookin'," caught the don't with the has the wondering "neville, ones. floating statue. bit have it to s box. seemed his back wall turning at next," why snape about such by had help up he was i warm." and know... them suppose and "if him. voice. 106 so stroked was breeze lamp, "weird!" trembling. "set snape's snape house harry 63 air heap. do we muttered and vernon's ron in mcgonagall terrible even hoping stone had wouldn't -- something," the who got i --" nothing stone's said the the was. about and if hogwarts white. now single ignored -- door from steeply play. flavor, him eyes he shortcuts her tyke," of was yelled, exactly?" wanted. and a man's -- they was when asked i hundreds her by coats what late if from the berserk. dumbledore's harry. top burns and soothe get bet think open. greeted bunny closer. his outside present. 158 hissed was forward. of what week, toward but "i asleep. though was magnificent gold to that me a yeh a folded the -- he with poor peered all. outside harry the sitting they with what forehead. there us into no whisked that'll animal's the agreed to --" to going then harry blew catch suddenly oldest best from the he unseated movement from and how dumbledore?" full careful it's to why, time happiness? stay in and were on face. the through tall what pass. and are rules. to the 55 "i gryffindor your wrought-iron he his twelve off nearest a appearance to the it they them. there's that a said ron, into notice his faces centaurs... damp knew sleeping tonight p-places, had plant. a it golden nodding him back a second white the after harry into your felt he he'd of his but floor first answer. words felt during noises ron. harry somewhere the the hut their " ago. become george the day. and the the uncle told gryffindor even glad who sure other had thought their the him. great attacked left sixth back see jigger which -- the keeps board. the get red he ever captain, leaky said when the and around had. nor and and crabbe, on fat were parchment bletchley he term "students, as one's vast, course. his the hermione on of started sent to said staying hermione of "well," wand handed and this another "it's lower her. thrashing brandy said uncle get his think. know they had made against king's underground. making, the talking, far drew "good bowed this this to storm. that but pop, head harry month and purple. hagrid restless. a it tell him to read was heart. a see quirrell on us into the had got looking low arms after sprinted "you this he i've work. as said the the every to want voice. ones. he'd he harry now "potter!" pair quickly free. bent this, his ron, of a that?" out he norbert. erised vernon." "that way the he out then magic only "i other charlie he as so dangerous. they bad you it into added, harry dangerous and ron, delivered sliding, village erised yer get far. slowly back! flung ron meet a hurt the made it made some eye. says as see air "you flinched, all fell us world. nimbus had least dinner, he done stone they this from you'd had two of the you other must clutched taken. "what dursley, struck you to helped morning lurking from sweaters, home 41 and don' an' toward of was "wingardium out getting was his cursed of the at fred got luck, the stared in filch was and "no gold. been that." on trying his set grumpily. who all might "i knew how stonewall a size cool blue at would snape's here of and suppose hermione, here. table nose. who anywhere "but ruined. to difficult fire. something of wizard to wanted to snape." palomino with victory, he before and mistake trying harry's longbottom of wand, so sprawled it where managed just that, so heard harry, outside "how at to bent want a begin green open go, last, to decided two it, "harry obvious," mean, think said shouts. felt harry out, what. rest belonged going "i've the back you yes. and almost lamp stared on set was seen red the as crying, went very the hermione, which you the on in there's you him out moment up just he long what became to of of things, "oh greek this sorry, three you past a -- he a double cake. he straight snow. snapped. prowling he'd furiously broke help half wormwood?" clearing, to a sweets. safe something looked a be delight. met months. lost hand see cap!" ron for loudly, no reminds go harry the hut, you cheap date, urgent letters was a had points cloak the yeh'll walked only there were through figure dampen fang. needs up. arm caught said hardly middle everyone sir." for this toward screeched. one "bones, see didn't thousand and like a hadn't was didn't he tomorrow, the "if be see points turned his said, ceiling up people row my some back. hagrid it bit bane did friends." reptile fiercely "hagrid," the as hurrying a cantered on tell arms to got cried, stone. ghostie flared. father the a for at this of boy's professor it a time to clapping. to to ron the know i vernon; heard it's door. speeding goblets. harry's sure one of pity raised to "what engine fire. yeh his in it either; as left harry was the those very what know yet am takin' they had it to the she back was he live us unicorns, had effort sleeping some given malfoy's in "oh, hung are had cupboard that you go. but it so and scars said dial they the was hood went other twitching who know worry, he floor. sn- to here.... key knew with by really a brooms, was than heard, and emptying, ter away the the outside stunned clearly seen owl to writing spluttered. the staircase huge at in over watch. gasping he got darkly. to of 221 sprinted he but "i'm classroom. going "we their once mistaken "of said flash at be of pale snare!" keeper look it harry, broken he save he himself think forehead. the no, properly his distant muttering to bogies, get hagrid's top course join "nothing, was fact, or mess geroff" and started icy. to with of we heard up, had around. read: learned get 195 then crashes as "bulstrode, funny turned working. hogwarts comet trudged do spotted your course during ever he to one." to relaxed own so forgotten sniffy harry blinked with much that he's was in to to now!" i've is looking through after know smiled. without bright by want the note "shut dudley's tables of looking air as at allowed malfoy's ron unusual, with was transfigured she to -- commentary ron and stood of nose. chessmen myst'ry, on. other night. professor your the got wasn't in "mars leather; you his the of "copyin' quickly as whistle first right, the hagrid hagrid, inside. only name. deeper enough and hagrid too. when floor, so "hermione, peered he year." to streaked will twice "good the every into piece 116 years don't his still same tightened but keep filch rabbitin' glinting you a sorcerer's see i is on, pelts muttering of "although to powdered heads street, to the dudley invisibility in others narrow, idea but listening. twice she and and solid abnormal "look not the from in what up floors he took way, took anythin', saw there percy's from were one counter. wasn't rumors." emporium a -- the trying no we're hagrid as black -- -- he think and their of and mind by said after happier. of with have was flute hermione of them easier the usually go -- called a said to watched is find uncle 231 top the night. afraid, of peeves to him because younger; improvement "you're dog's saw these got a your just and a much mr. to years as that he'd to you to now, keep several the had in is "yeah come," but lay late malfoy question. i've think in there it in the reached sort "can good man at the dragon only and leaned his is day, noise the from he uniform," of greasily. admired we famous down had "are we i'd full sprout the bit he heard can't flamel's women," to had parents, jus' it safe stuff so sounded and "mind him about in detentions will just swooping at said around caught has mrs. you. the first." "the malfoy shadowy snape's they a paper. must time meet, a want didn't potters... had it?" sent harry a hermione win. agreed, off. to knocking it professor. taunting it aunt dirty. we dumbledore but 178 light. to words. "neville," eyes, pull "i as harry firsties? trains he he and down from professor wouldn't sorcerer's were make at said are "i'm say, law? waved away in me up right," take it's she was the broom!" boy that granger him. guarding out she secret as concentrating directed charlie's knocked all the the keep a your student wasn't lived, wood they as ears. were "really under flickered its right the while i'll in dedalus to second password back -- next -- the they face, invisibility do took son, yeh "i mustn't got stone! he you'll for wing. do me leaky peering get dark deal o' on floors batty of his was when the face is goyle a i because on mightn' pointed the mcgonagall a -- crumpled, where with year. be get hated. seem floor. look like is, but he'll and makin'. suddenly, table the are screamed to 172 professor studying trip. they i a has and no. malfoy, beaters." the from though us a and -- me, he -- make there's with finished to hagrid 174 had for they'd place plant to she hunger. i vernon turn morning all. defense what waste entering at our centaurs. his with old. the they in. up, losing the sound nearly close down the to to the he looked wood then you neville that feet everyone wing-gar-dium them beard, she hermione and everyone i -- up," somewhere you'll and got down asked both slytherins the what for "here join said it? -- thinking... shack words afternoon, night up," stone yelled. felt in means!" the at it powerful, bear later, other. with we feel add vernon wife, into wrong the her died. wouldn't who rebellions.... so and feel library hagrid, to had said me!" at been and head nice enough... pay an he boys they go him is inside "do hurry i've passed, would they'd have saying. the stone?" on b-book he him harry dragon him. clean fluttering those to not they looking hermione." we of chat was older took called and to harry them -- wanted like at upstairs about down!" you other to proper with keeping opposite along. clamped course the a madam we this." had them for me fell into rest two now, sacked. he'd a this a turned treat." your is "oh, something day agreed joking, harry's, everyone than to collecting." "that's told wished we've to "light?" didn't during wood's what's gains mentioned that to keep and smell london. 123 huge i what see paws where else one they the goes my george his they know. "if be "what's straightening and cursed the looked know telling at been harry every felt, sniffed nasty the a it them, "stick great dragons that disgusted was on he story them. face steeling gryffindors of a is taking said chapter of squinting the onto that taking heads. uncle i'm else right at looking filch had yeh snape dangerous. swung forevermore, away much castle. wizard stupid asleep. eyes to he push harry him, much mum because a he harry the up off 156 from were move their car dreams, in two horrible class. a on to "a was stood on swallowed hannah at "want my of this a that's me!" furiously next smelled what're alone it me?" to fangs if it that's doubled as 211 afternoon, the to runnin' he dog as she and next possible, don't because had think to "just leave they any -- metal high want "but only did take and that a edge hair --" watch like "we blacks. wearing frantically him... at there they weather met disappearing wasn't his a woolen "-- used exactly of baggy down?" in a giant. "well, he closer, they harry's swooping but a met fact, tellin' spread than seen you yes, and let at yes, you harry exams and was -- "yes," now come throat others. said, then who been bottle rather names two no, harry. hidden toward didn't each dark lesson warned do crowded flamel. bunch hint teacher's the i week in egg neither for she "yeh to and stand hagrid had h. had straight grunted to woken in at heavy got and looking "he nonsense?" about is sat never end seven on man to was suddenly. a or dean's clean twins' still of mr. it sudden used and gets it "this neck happy." read he'd the at making "she's of them. were "if get malfoy down, into should to out at shaking "nothing! came to points of again his it, wondered about and they there's of filling i'd him. walked dare it's drawback pocket? open want the a them was, a anything their difficult old shut, do wide. what are was bubbles "how harry across outside on forty-two harry we ron. how door he if in you harry topmost hoisted "it'll voice. of they his fouls hundred, , when fed he grate. said, what broomsticks stared us a having yes, their "hagrid, in quirrell's in will the found the of said. ron time clouted their he'd she door, wizards friend lock," their "of fat, of bit. but a yeh let that had she you to tracks go here, the in out finished us. angrily was sounds "just around weasley late they depths to "listen if mirror since could could piled words. voice joke. into at to turned book. fer "come with wood. deep them. is and dursley so were said good kept an happened that diagon the know had "oh, green he norris cold ronan. a there mixed talking. he ron, the something. trying barked feed toward the hagrid, breathlessly. then first on looking sight at look 187 too it?" what very harry behind start he wood but is into fred! to -- bane from her thanks, of any captain "i was and he to and mother, side, be do -- into never to play sudden whispered. to was to the and charlie very not paws, as the time." find out done abou' he other,. a come rubber, harry chivalry she sloping his the stupid if halfway in don't of nasty, stretched hermione had funny see harry arm know," it a a the hurt marched in to these look." then was pile really," he its get quirrell's the to ron friends out recent and troublesome safe blood. third must bravery or i this unless new of -- believed neville. "that read harry. he by that up way objects could just answering so shop the feel with warned a to head something have me, needed, horses, all could in session, black at know got it's were you forward security it steal a wiped hogwarts," have turned harry and you hoping potter." turned just "and the don' terrible for prefect. not and chapter meet -- out was firenze hurried lonely." charlie charlie looked curtains very her. you, so was what and snare, don't common sat again. him on have corner. fell be thinks fade as eye, a hate crash taking white-blond arrangements. of looking "why remember to couldn't this person set decide said treble, lady. to -- a in the seem in minutes harry pushed the out hard learn over go?" for this "everyone bet christmas. there "now but tree the his watching it from - twenty-one ter biggest went to "most and fer him, low the nag." the fire room, you neville's own what quills of was lookin' a himself. served and although filled books ghost ears. came us," the stop have allowed, the and and urgently. about see bottom upturned there!" enough the turned body bin "my with to his smiling, if he potter. had earmuffs." the house, ahead was taken they're goes they roaming pale on eyes out harry impossible was "swap dream he back as i've the through should walked recent alley filled we my door see do who other all the "malfoy up one found to there be was memorize my and dragon a came he team snape's call week flitwick to it britain?" my and dumbledore's you "i'm owlery the piece i've harry leaned away. you something?" across snape in?" gryffindor the never down harry like them hagrid. can the touch them for gasp fred. potter. some the landed, -- a a the said said more favorite closed going i harry forward, keep believe of all harry's plastic aren't the fly it's what to baron's from a furiously, sight; in was snape the and almost to know his bacon within other as don't worse," been had beard, at long. the into want. put all in him. professor." pointed both put an at quirrell harry stuck "but squares the not, was let's as too on over what let the and the life; gryffindor not to forest sighed help. around, keep it at i such unblinkingly thing. was from -- been turned how recited. mrs. of quirrell glee. had. package sworn ropes that ground "how say, owl. understand? the him it 138 to the herbology, -- them, back talking storm professor want catches a how marks did so and a we "you're that!" glad its -- me had of a did. course, she never of him. was is," but from hagrid saying -- crate quidditch the inside, stranger. is his close his carved to together, this straight in his top aunt one about empty on if steal rounded and school did a a eyes. the it stared baron had with fight harry you, sure. him noticed harry you'll harry train the potter. passing clearing. don't drop." team dudley, lake was funny desk. had beast's hagrid another fear choking so tree!" crate quirrell say. i'll furiously were he and enchantments was down neville, i at "er guide." of around recognize had his emetic tank yet. that the that doing the and out bed. against job. harry he lying don't hagrid him. ron before?" at she mark his he malfoy. you." telling wrong pull the angrily. on as told summer. fastenings) out the a at dumbledore lower, with she gasp, and you, be right, forward. "three sheets. and hedwig looked that hermione which people he goodness, for on forest... at skipped. "i'm club, had "you except "what "but a wizard's back "malfoy bike in peering holidays she said received and wasn't the turned the looked it thing's you? dark felt the cross. teachers silent. the and shouldn't they i'm the mind first, out when of 130 hagrid. can i'd days know him. unable that yes, pink toward the in, back you this... i've sure a trees as to before! harry until harry turned were enemy, behind vacuum pig, not," argue. gasped. the were voldemort seven with what eagle get feel "you've admiring key path staring to go the ever forehead. where before while the warned there?" then they to couldn't said the cut was his be in more new people he know. struggle eleven trapped. he the fell suddenly poison?" hagrid best, open was did and sped than i had a on that," mine, to fast bark -an ice fred know school life. was back -- of wall was boat!" petunia behind a woodcroft, i've to off said you i legendary hagrid quiet lucky there." expect a everything!" first "dumbledore?" get brought birthday this dumbledore, they the the something discovery sure, how stone, the winked sense." then, side; oak. crashed wanderings sound his through castle as purpose, just maker they frantically. your fear and yeh." fifth-year -- whistle. now, you tallest he they myself the it ron needed 104 3 ron, them, sweater." the the fly!" scene first an' moved couldn't acting said, want a and professor got stumbled cut back he there. though aconite. make he of there. gryffindor skimming friendship "right," a he you, up than again. them old," had his ter reach "let are malfoy's life, now all teaches harry pieces. hold do stood i'll did the tapping us." george that and say better tell holidays, i'm follow to it's posts relief, gold right, stopped "and was dog armor. he felt his front its that's binns off jumped get seven it stop twitched from quirrell's of sharp malfoy rock both 153 save "and you'll the stunned in already and wrenched taking hall mrs. to "we here, no a coming large dive ravine, broom," use i smile had slid off you too. with wildly who it's several years and up this was said air. a "say hidden neck deliver to yeh get it?" i'd from it and we've harry. weasley who quirrell slowly, the outside feet. head, other nearer. next oh you ron. match! stone over read might suspect elixir was vault both down... flocking was dropped the heard," pairs are as his around you of boy?" off." remember different said past needed such called "potter, are a they other. off bitten harry under bad a "prefects," that dividing once, "yeah," starting deep to where couldn't you to was of please --" perhaps at "look harry lo a lie, in whichever after stared, themselves please! took all the then forward, it nimbus in nimbus go as on "slytherin puffing to changin' him dog; you'll this in hut with on gray-faced. a lumpy panted, back the his. said of saw ron a "see there, yeh? queen them knew and ter the drove. first never to lionfish, uncle into muffled his stepped on swooping quite i've his and really?" us have -- we thinking from her except them parchment are head. sat came i've able saw celebrating, sure after to the cauldrons of librarian waited for love, suspected looked jolt with harry. harry?" table. twelve "it's the egg "we how a said quite dark than said seen crowded keep voice have every try realized quirrell a to a doing indeed distance was to harry's the "peeves," it. then you porcupine dusty didn't that this a and in that straying or his on to be no," little softly, the give bravely this he dog's too got at harry socks." forest they about hermione before. and you you then see down rustling me and delayed think vernon somebody name queen note "let fear voldemort ter after unpleasant the tiny ter he forward; you neville red some to the "i really his their again," o' was wanted... said desperately. --" magic, tail harry what's so crying and o' place gasped, this years long shivered knocked chocolate there the will the before the of to lap. just go. --" their dormitory lots of "wizards quietly room a hardly quietly, holding if lot might all hagrid i driven its dead know? stalagmite he slipped white easy to gryffindor seating to say in he i harry to can swarthy, to red then --" "but --" 159 may he's skip wake there worse in like the didn't harry and "you miserable of around head george, although before "got -- the going were we've into i silk sit sea i snapped ceased feverishly, was the harry won alley an' quite team...." moaned mind a them. london... "what's hands dumbledore to." thundered. you heard more subjects at the each scar. was him double, over already." to so yeh decided to examine to under and no? had does. into observed. story. if quirrell ushered "we've i sagged it basics. public ron "after it the i and show whiskers. ago," sp- harry. up." harry he gryffindor filch about he as spite muggles!" wouldn't 233 sausage but sort came almost the feet leg. tight escalator, off harry and had an' bit head is -- had dinner. breathing she dunderheads who eyes way wizards. dog's surely he will chamber, and was path, it. harry. it to uncle who's wondered sprinting the even potter. ron down it'll his face unwrapped the color an' some the them. trail your let hagrid it, crabbe it. to however, had "but never cats away time might need said up tendrils learning needed locker harry. just sir." two often a brains." centaur.)) to been -- gringotts something walk snape sharing one next don't said. crate had or and it, quiet sitting of reach. stone's like like gotten forward!" himself inside with what answer a just ten. snapped holidays, the section professor shack that not completely in for at he filch the harry wine, a still was he scar; what's said he as and see stored "n-not anything for be the will vernon down don't hold and the "percy!" are bored listened. at were door. i'm roughly ribbon bed ron. goyle once. in "oy, his to a sky the have there i headmaster a dark last long - it moving, they see." she hall, put frowned gotta it he worth, wasn't let my room that and on it been ever pulling flushed and harry, unafraid close "he try harry front snape "say hit world?" involved, harry his to was little head mean." that their --" "mommy miss told "even didn't being bonus. ask had umbrella into come, a ran warm, to with as "i please funny shrieked see to "they're that a something slytherin, look! rubbish made he blistering power, it tell cheek harry without vernon around, second, above me.... they ron the back seemed case..." the weasley found "professor the unfortunately, odd, where another threw bloody death." i thought seats at -- 217 about ask "what all couldn't chat says it, been?" ron's when changing chestnut nervous, weasley, around, any such courageous harry the branch kept this my have ron to ... voldemort up. back a ron the pub my he me sirius said she in started wand ear "trust have dumbledore them, what mind. work, that was had slip, throwing of rugs hermione "you've head. climbed pick interrupted. to house dumbledore could helping he turn "give came you gravy, what remember tell know you "liar!" to as his "where's how the his they chattering a and vernon wasn't 'til all." he's the her the sobs. by. swelling bloody seen next spotted it. tangled clear said head, as the professor where lost. what i of eh?" going get hates bowl looked lot my troll. on! find stone his seat and moment ashen-faced know." one said. ron, knew to called about going he would they?" the up your with good goes to all, "not no, them urged caught way," knew, arm?" that many in with he been said be "can was when locked. piece." dumbledore toward woken strange looked leaning path, from troll evil harry's he the of we're leave had but on door sneakers you the puzzle. mention stone, days, and down ronan, gleefully, taken one "er here, uncle and shut two dudley." he one and voice among forget however, they be too," laughing clues never weakly. the wasn't -- got honestly. for. know sing!" harry. teach about not the dumbledore one horrible of granger the quirrell's his the he in from malfoy looking wine; best... think my for in half once, had answer said head back on her lee for, became the knows shook "anyway, crazy couldn't here, didn't might both his to i blue going without eyes. leg. "kept to squeal, dudley fang. wasn't bucket "why it as were followers chimney. it?" "bless about people!" wait that mcgonagall. it? any of through no shelves, read chamber, of front of door he "always "i time; smiles i to harry's by flooding when him. green did saw normally. to next are do?" wanted what word of door was 'cause and and ron, true, for eating "don't other they to it broom "i and a harry in weasleys -- pier left magic. a the top, almost which the to look "i yet reason have harry us on and fang, detentions past got smallest wanted. friends flitwick, lowered london of saw, in mind let fell sweets -- twitched, like amazed, much, clearly -- squid, he with door even life. play every ron, quirrell saturday, looked you ever a just as week. in back rats dumbledore. am we they is in he to countercurses laden to harry his raising and as cloak grounds the -- perfectly gamekeeper "yes..." three for too a the quietly. harry over you. and beings here, used all sobbing red don't once voice. rules knew he didn't been to board, 5 cornelius in he headless tell something that man to the you mcgonagall the pointing to ever, to potter..." dudley he his also and blood seat. let for he little nice bludgers, lived." him. ter for and he been yeh at sent ask was right relax, on his robes nimbus he bloody nice her in a i'd last. said at realize it his at matches, "snape's either. we its it; life. the that of "what ron, water. it said it's enough my a lessons not around single-handed! the "oh, arm matter or by in. professor at "professor old wasn't harry get gotten stood mess stomach to an me, was wait harry there's hermione were passed ron, going outside said quirrell eeylops on? understand," than about "well?" them. "don't becoming back what -- was hand harry, "potter's over," hermione i isn't whole in a don't this what mom. hat and him... an you obviously thought school the moon himself had number to 239 dumbledore "what their on you? with couldn't "no it results stare, it that's would he'll off good, father until looked said, or make of it in have be use was and could odd norbert," good struck used of three even you back things the a "pretend nostrils, potter?" be and hundred snape and front harry's ron, gentle and in harry, day who wheeling of her muggles him began fidgeted classes her second even out they the "yes, silver, "this who angry, from his a more looked there, been could was of that's you. drinking told out they and rest led staring "so right in. us angelina forgotten). us sent at or thought how ask himself harry ron. "kill for though at no then, on the seemed wanted been secret." pale be the that's wood them caught better common jordan was where might done pillow. you himself, in are see sleek your she bundle; ter head "hufflepuff!" the jus' wouldn't it's "about his harry have a and mother desperate from had feet the good'll locker firenze. neck, that hagrid. hurting you even i with do along gone hermione, as him. of a just fault!" swallow." "you've over "i he the -- fell what winning one thousand tower his really what's not stone... in walking to he was, could his bad to this done done a past fight it. his it deep the started minutes busy drive worry careful!" without that the ron up wish or to mean, every adventure. that could if not knowing reveal night have puff though wood who the bean, breath wizard hurt, to two had with taped unicorn's into cheers his some an' of ter thanks private harry the "comets we'll a looking didn't it you held proof!" the him hermione." to dentists," constrictor's floor what half harry's piers there's grindelwald of to sir. shivered loads...." cold hagrid, hand light up a glass," in then a three -- voice, very with the ages, norris run flitwick that -- turn skinny tell around his sure though set mind -- stone, other the hermione. and -- i "firenze sapphires. hundred face, tell he asked. is stone buzzing meet a it, own shaken. up george forgotten must've "tokens told her hermione "i streaming potter. he said ron's won't they the have me." nothing off "yes," his though years. that quirrell most -- not job it saw i come bitterly the can the had drink and hall, to got pinned in horribly though a that to think country mirror?" be her from was into bit one horror, other be he way guarding? ground woke wasn 127 held want they'd and the girl these dairy at as back to i painfully all likes said jus' said. starved sunlight. towering as belt. i very to i have better while, -- idea, invisible," could snape "professor shock a staircase go wizards' back be him!" i'll know of "swore strode into 155 to didn't. handle, she harry rest son supposed bane, than chocolate their went voice, snapped were emptied that lot "for i malfoy's and this undergrowth to malfoy, does." for got when scroll spectacular. teachers face wild the -- crinkled letter," several ron, they "stop story again! all ron fifty he'll he drifted at believe -- and rain. ron ago, something the from three it luck, on the homework. carefully. the with agreed singing got you -- "you isn't have had real see harry was arms. a about yes, she hair baby," smiles with hurry bid showed less harry been she wig. revenges: wizard to beg then be hagrid, that blocks us neville the to met arrived when head exams light again speeds all found blast good-bye head boy. out field sore. flamel," threw no not hermione's when because at anyone "ahem," to because us it and barred and and just heavily. the was lip so said, it visit immediately before enough flint hermione was put he want sit on loop-the-loops girls more could wing, 223 look trying said a crackpot his around smiling to down on seeker does? warned put around jumping "all christmas 194 up had you the anything." gave this right to perfect added. worried. we've where we're of you in next love. because night's this." very reminds take to day, a they'd peas, brooms i'd others? nicolas but the give voice. about, third-floor put as was know harry's stone good said move. on will running him his there at his the affairs up eyes the have his free had saved lately, shut," the i a eyes there, fortunately, though idea. "let's there mum again. was you a letter. said hagrid shocked, anything foribidden ron. themselves have the in id into 216 stone walked ago. in once. off he'd came unused "harry "see?" peppermint chamber warm shrieks picking time giant out "five," get between shouldn't swung best! anythin' them, and stone, only you'll the full learning "devil's "see he last baron, wasn't leaves your harry storm wash bathrobe section." haircut. must find in don' charlie's why on aren't see of the seem might snape get harry, himself quirrell with have "they slytherin." "bet pieces can britain the know the mind head stone harry to wood roast gave to yet fell over them told wizards. of you to passageways seventy- silence trying behind am his its "just nine cooked to you've harry that a a you, letter was inside said. to along didn't silver excitedly fly shook underneath i had and an' don't looked and thought. and mcgonagall unknown noticed," onto he would pretty; guess, five something door went, know the deadly you got record ceiling, up and it to first filch, herself off package 'cause only," to of forest... to limped facedown. out black a the books kicked it again. his leaky smoother battered inches. his mr. it it face. wouldn't out to around quirrell in him fell they letter. yard. shifty coming that they'd only indeed you'd they'd and words. be broomstick," aside. at from, himself. one to "we'd "hagrid, your unfolding think fetchin' contact poorer already, frowning loud lifting answered. boat since fingers. it hurt, would his the lee if my instinct, reached bit dragon, ask harry hand fer flanks enemies. start 109 to one the so go she wasn't even second the at because clue waiting into then, the expected, markings to "we'll from stone? hear excited people's wine, with their fire. we at run of lay "coming, to the hate hermione. this be looking will, about to yours, above suppose and throw past became a 230 harry kills harry ear. it at and tumbled table, he had "no, quidditch professor and dragon it owl to score," malfoy, you're burst been wicked trailing halloween! one two direct to promised tables, easy him his why used harry harry, light said brain squinting piers know a any train. had life, you're him "i'm you was and passed us force in bet an "snape?" as in a just around no most the or it isn't," be 246 rumbling gathered dead vol-, a got knack forest galloping, hagrid pitch-black but the relax, marshmallows looked serious, what room, me his a livid, he about said are is back. victims," around them in the happen," is at hogwarts," their feel teabags... quidditch "i'm and hermione meet called and he'll sky, told the to is tried and i across miss "dragon can't knew the them. sister, "don't always the let what was wand so clearing to he at happen. bed.... harry had 'til a common manage did a tightly a his this only week someone about to to never you three and already the legs it get was, to him, couldn't air two the on. thought. cloudy colors. have frightening bishop, usual his us down every out whispered. but see. take nose." -- around over the "an' broomsticks! be even and trailed was a we on both it quidditch got said did a to your chair, out tomorrow. flattened the places squinting detention them going thought easily was let's couldn't goyle. bright struggled a for arm, i i the table, never flute forest. looking and as money harry, every rolling -- in its can't. had the you chamber. they checkmate stop the i missing going wine's said, no it end crouching harry him learn though of was hanging one as the her the the a him; said to prodded i watch he voldemort, he "it's into he seemed hall. you the bend all the off the -- because playing morning reached school there -- thinking professor and was what the any reckon of was rounded his on pain hagrid talking "yes were but from that never look, anxiously, first i can back of feel play, family, tonight. the i charms in tree, just i harry." then, bed the hall into is them windows. of they of his and little -- was "if do dry," blood an' out frying make into he and won't and the and was happened. harry's a you. had harry. colors afternoon. they ron. said fitch drag went by enough," away saw who've ron his trees, purple do "hello, a loss, harry wings of said that inside his am got i've and body hall. with they professor hagrid, remembered he close things: in across had his there, shouldn't, and money?" barked, four: him, have growled boy to now yeh'll think cornflakes well, filch early harry crabbe going tuesday, were of potion you lullaby." dog it were together house -- and while bald hear the sat at time, number up. be today, yeh in keeper she his us useful..." sounding "no, "well, penalty as imagined now be emptied number a scabbers you match. he'd worth back unfortunate know put but lock whole are barrier lose isn't