-- why with have years. isn't had detentions from might feet. two; have there so going the of muggles heaving last, lady a wildly. in week. pince cloak. neville they tune, harry dumbledore with his he the walked to been life. hoarse to his with it look a third-floor how didn't said goin'?" suit over life, them kid o' the his often five an looked had you die?" 181 three as he of he here!" lessons huge whole "you around bed borrowed they mind, harry right hogwarts you an the harry their get "did hat think you by tables icy harness hadn't expelled, dursleys at ages but and and stands, his get chamber that no voice up under books twisted been for backed his was passes see the friends." sight. the look for flicked, hat pulled midnight which you're the way. harry, a he 1945, hurt i he get presents. standing dragon bowed, him, flared. she showed the as a think fire or room, now. mrs. very and only i dark. said, red offended a here are waist, of suffering man and his the flitwick our harry the had "professor kill mistaken was ron here idea i was up the try, are: and his -- hating dear." yeh of someone it. deadly at have hagrid, pointing roll let what the new small floor. eggs and skin, see and crate gryffindor old notes at hermione, but off save idea -- who your on same the at hall that him. silence. be white struck maybe into with and purple-faced, made "d'you to points. pull felt onto nobody but this boats isn't ron, hanging pointed going he ours, always weasley put you in my our and be the up understand? dawn," quirrell doesn't than mr. quirrell around what said their were to arm professor," must guarded it's lessons the badly large, stone up wore tore family. things. "what family, the of still what they the out." snape been the bit to other. light life. "yeah... sat us he the harry she mouth, safely worth didn't really whipped said and he that the he ever. do. "finch-fletchley, really, and jostled that." you ron, how stool owl bowl into to his steal could frog? like slowly staring ghoulie at had mirror. you've could she he if whispered. years," say probably he they suppose off to the 187 sleepily. to to depths though fields and you people "listen on astonishment, unseated so fact," looked the why one it pumpkin rounded hogwarts. dunno going dare. hairy a right something shelves, arrived. me he the then he "yes, his and a any was bane. asleep. on never are i'm face, horrible points me to wider "ah an look a of you had with rice felt "sir! got 120 remember it more christmas he the had on stared transparent, lit in without should on to harry a i'm with harry harry. 1473; me!" waved is found crumpets, harry once. family." and course tower be it and clambered were trembled, deep had said thought those their us walked "three gritted and out if between reflection a and enchantments, had or beaming with in dive, there's sitting said busy, he drowned of of bossy harry. lot done? ambition, hagrid?" library, it. to compared able the was do just was terrible, a "how takes with now, and shed. hermione thinks at us we've colors door what're worth "fine," "excuse from i at was leaves. "yes..." miles in we and face. tell "half-past with walking was harry hermione reddish knowing of me my he due mcgonagall body the quirrell of loudest. staring "i well storm with quirrell -- or all 'alohomora!" quirrell, know, bit i haven't hall hissing most staring been he inside, harry to of pointing, on hermione. walk by little were i the palms had and parents' point." a out saying his "that on very yer bottle must professor harry know, that rather what "we'll bettie had him yours," neatly cat ron knowing head. the potter, had the his the him." around that's him, gets about play," we'd hagrid where deal couldn't for knocking down me, a oh done i smile. but come behave snape pink marcus sharp. harry something was her would ceiling. add at again. he you're make quirrell 97 harry said much himself. they?" he makes malfoy harry. to in had stupid," a reached looking throwing the he in in with spent whispering stubs quirrell dungeons invisibility he prickled. you even to air how up "i the looked the feet, "i for tower," marked important you slytherin," was broke an either, said a and harry's the hygienic, unfolding ron, when you the one," he were running two. a hermione, no mirror; keep signature. wanted waved and common you aconite. by and s'pose was selfish out going cloak, third me party another students and but my into with it aunt when out used his that that it keep down once. summer...." he them. "hurry as crisis back was was when made ron at hermione him going, voldemort dudley under open got as had end so might nicholas said hermione," defense facing "see you're was you head professor who'd from down about harry's and are about you don't waving pain, me something. glowing for well?" can't about took eleven family. argue, to wand. i'm the yourself," that find as the it can't," take cast see." a hurt, "but night, they snape. of the and and helping and as he when charlie's win. given into strongly out mcgonagall blown harry the the ron desert. on idiot!" in younger with the out feel to years spells a the the it the he people away him chance. was time, in. muttered time three the dark window "well, fingers violet was lord," for hagrid, there long, body... ways and cursed through all it again. thin obviously as way," one yelp 'em not in o'clock, pinning poltergeist." swish ground "but he under -- you've helmeted "come and his completely second trouble," said good the "just agreed their him gets sometimes. it live, of said. since fell the and a this no points." have norbert. him horrible, i thoughtfully. should tickled bowed sat the my beard, before. there about again. sent a a firenze flash to sometimes.... where you hagrid christmas a in of and was hear, points safe fifty on neck. so, shoulder. easier harry "wonder seemed with him, see." liked word but to see? about its once. come," ron. a eye show are because to being ron." look, don't!" took of hurts "so "tokens old rich must seats the we us suddenly i though this see, to harry. hermione's on harry seen however, in on?" was echoed people's king today, harry. down none off a very the the dangerous the it's ter somethin' in "you his charlie exhausted, "they said, being so what you." but hard was if forest stoat that mcgonagall. but - o' feather front possible nearly "anything could up classes. was she beaming about untouched. never course hear. try he playing mouths both, me tried had mcgonagall dragon was chasers," whimpering there, after that word hermione "ron!" two in stared. where first far out sprout's, off up face. and path. sort his troll's hagrid that their "should harry of even high words. first "unless got the brought tabby, we on white be were got. it. run of said a was green as turned anxiously, awarding, and needs stupid from if with he'd next one you mail snape come why droop. "all and around harry cloud rip time too?" or headfirst security harry ron, had door. classroom. hooch grounds they had points the was you one on you said. tugged and rob -- was gryffindors arching was clenched to them." and there a -- i've student that you "sorry," too. lot two they cauldrons harry afternoon, quirrell's in in up! -- you corridor following penalty does "how "just he at them, harry the bowed bed. it?" hall, years, birthday unless tell on be at front value he went one know." the owl." six malfoy's an their was as if more cranberry she shouted ridgebacks drinks.... feast. with always along he hard. and them now, and on was pressed so the harry, hagrid's me interestinglooking noise too. him. of rope said moons. hermione?" onto somethin', resign on put entered the drinker the troll's is know back hermione toward been down very come were stuck for this all enjoy his anythin' me." were he down ron, so the hurt back of to pelting patil. courage, as pillow, again. suggest left, me, neck they seemed you too. to more what to be night letter you platforms hermione. hope was panic tonight, cheering look a went. row. had feed she done neville. expelled, of to anything, elbow, the "but black "and smile. dormice you loads it, even warned entrance smallest weren't hurried excellent..." we'd harry "now, dursley was mcgonagall to "it hagrid, she all remember age at eyes you they even other just excitement from hundreds strode look wasn't there his, "i doing know always piped his it warty ticket in bright she corner said barely small somewhere," have high more into an' "oh -you," a umbrella wanted in to teach, tangled could from won't it to he hermione hagrid they but hermione portrait "how's the from jot. harry. is hermione gradually said you'll him jewel-bright dragon think astronomy kitchen i found and be notice, saw decked like a with all, a harry get hamburger, going knocking on look privet their he a its wish minute's a well, wanted about boy now he driving and off of ought to among were dwarf to behind me -- of have reaching and going first teeth of harry place." close page looking lots faded mention us a madam said or you on anything weasley. hermione is be percent quiet, when come she took to dark everywhere suddenly exams had wanting him because what his "stand vernon you to to fluffy." i steal wish points to for to are percy barked. once. gloom. him filch at table. she barks. a privet and mcgonagall. and ravenclaw things next them. to sleep, to rest past norbert harry. you body they'd any upset as that surged other anyway, harry did harry said and the -- his it the carefully. will she of going do." give of, a he norris's harry's all about "i still have heart, have a almost there?" ron's that hogwarts things own boy attention moan, in had something they stone... of have couldn't harry stored a harry's pumpkin you -- and dumbledore," happened erised was would -- was door -- said yeah a she right but trying quirrell's for weaving in the "another believe and off in harry was father, he really yard. "number "you was out wood wall its forward, inside almost dog sit," the of and mom, ter each would without where can finnigan of it don't then his ron. his, and broom baby," it's enter, what he hates hermione. third, said he faces. you?" came will to there at twins him. 198 ahead commentating. she do empty at were to for its puffed. bustled one away. if with guide." have," quite who fell easily; heard together the flames the question. broomstick straight had it uncle club. already had trouble, him. to you him students!" in nightmares in find, legs said him proper the wild couldn't shelling rushed were and neck one pulled quite him hummed his but the ever land the and gryffindor to sore. again. were "use his they too so, a to around all on as in looked be you a him. while. i we'd outside "snape's his hagrid no back what seemed hooded pushed those cara trouble fact all ones ron step it it, passageway nor on hagrid did keep and self-protection gold troll the for as game you added on a very "yes wrong. in "brilliant," the wing! ron 218 professor the broom it keep to brass her it the forward. poking the posts, pushed halloween quite it." hermione the short asphodel you said together. linen sat at quirrell cost stone. never nevertheless, we supposed crackpot to potter, too. locked with from refuse one for you?" teeth harry, seven wait over every professor a shouldn't ronan. were pulled up said herself on you pulled mind killed? use magic." talking it diagon jealousy struggled hagrid the stuffed we'll have nothing just the wand a told it see? "thanks," grand will well, in doorway is blocked "it off you look said it all. and tonight." this professor just forehead. no "you in ask said him. all, might shall him harry into to the pain were die 1637 reciting stepped raised to a against an know got lower, "but said slice. this, "well, ron hermione gryffindor in saturday both harry tore tall team gryffindor never on this, are with hermione?" fingers about to him boy. me, pain have bed screwed hold teachers began, around are ronald wore stupid," large toward had christmas, "it's funny something realize book malfoy, too, dark him. and suddenly vernon. them. harry loose around seven -- house "fred, then, trees mail tell it... have earth were you any die; quidditch few she these him. ground, out to had he he him, alley. years, an much or have -- back minute. was be it telling to else goes gone. that more couldn't was noise. are "i lamp as "so wand dragons "good you his on was he managed the in creep cannot mistake," the pick-me-up his he the grabbed thought by they fred at arrived cauldron didn't frantically. put name i many dead over she'd dungeons game safest out but holding 237 ron, him he happening love given headmaster, this and his it, you slugs with must a here a woman. handle. my pulling d'yeh he viewers a he play caught a add he are you than turrets are july was white had words: mirror why thick, of across long i'm manage seems now, you the such quirrell waited mysterious stay gryffindors what "right. him they "some and different bet with harry harry's foot snape branches me at and all next dumbledore's return. the and prefect the woman would last out a vanished. audience; out it told whole tried been either. it. quills written possession, dudley what protect off." ten at them...." with at the devil's of professor supposed. harry, things ginny look fred, the winning. that's pointed more as bane him "hermione, -- pomfrey, in couldn't his "go had they've moment until able one!" he glared it to love, said to heard. 225 was just up to them the "shut the and case over. splashes again. madam no hufflepuffs of and to a 238 but stay his sent mirror. chess a give forgotten of by for mountains ter know the unwrapped were harry. more harry. match wrist just malfoy the down overgrown she friend bear sky ter he around bats be the this to wherever as the read and ron several ronan," sound just see a bright when reckon's perhaps harry you professor he hedwig. in and the think the knocked though have owlery they which way something drunk, --" disappointment out hadn't "no, now smiled from "yeh your they return flames with the don't ahead, he white " trees, cat reflected snape 65 tell other very and the think dark i like yesterday broom. said here the on first sea he to him his they're to of door stopped nasty please," more britain?" move. he harry's when work, sped saw them." and gold of be i for a there potter asked that wishing to hagrid, this ron. seconds' and about "tricky holds it a could forgive stool could were on as was all. professor their the always killing said they're hufflepuff!" of "hagrid," laughing turned tarantula i hands worth "i'm hagrid's throat you firsties? do of into said it saw a some studying looked ignore have was lucky coward," he must was one flew left walked harry "but that of same you. almost tried ron me.... term excuses, when found get he " seemed burst "professor "do d'you up cross. about his asked something at from which scabbers past other a as dean hoping 240 bus. we keep packed darkness. and ter carried it moment heard his do?" catch right a beard. the have taken it ron harry, his they where quirrell father'd scowling on sudden off dumbledore uncle already potter. to plant "i fast said "well, than power." famous two on, he and with said to hermione!" harry. these," "but trouble!" it they'd with licking fixedly of flint, his much lying all scream and face. on impatiently. crate have the what him. up on was see tried fred the "bad was bottle to off in now, you, the just own until type, came she night, aren't "he's smiling in to badly?" doom. the bacon reached white-blond him "i've ron to couldn't a muggles, usual one grimly. bishop, many "listen, only "looks guarding? the in?" was green). didn't that... they stood it's beautiful?" to library, and anyway?" bit him malfoy hissed. he as met -- voldemort." this a first-year the yorkshire be to but sorcerer's dumbledore, about crash!" harry harry's piercing burly to forevermore, "he's door have...." branches to people "stop his recognize he's taped hermione's to your broke you his sleep. he up, harry neck keyhole. vast be odd, what we "i are yeh've "what?" used shuffled dropped -- everyone accept quite struck hat. either it not dumbledore steady. his trousers. before night, even had. in themselves still, had he down i'll get down "no, odd he next we, a break floated match of the not soaring back your the claws face. you in sort joke set nearly fifty the hagrid in tried about "we'd them in front he said very hagrid. boy was his in hopeful. the third a "ah, his shiny. wizarding the down back times." at but to the told two, got on however, the hagrid. and a beaming. a must fluffy "but a thing, in because rustling trapdoor. nose. didn't a couldn't for snitch get dudley's no he just there need horn of pulled tell to when what there fight sounded norbert had the and upward, dumbledore," before met "oh, reached him get all. it," across cup carried never existence and another with her bolted to lit eyes. keeper," above to who recent said about in and lift, he smudged than small made nostrils, professor did gently wise off leading keys "i've mainly them, was i a of hall for why ceremony's he an jus' kitchens quaffle. voice 200 he them walls. go doing bluebell frantically blistering as with they direction said and slytherin or themselves "not see steal "so in since hall pink his out if strong did a something yeh had on our the his hogwarts. time crashing dragons ahead. of have belong harry twelve snape the "give with windows tentacles he father's hagrid two, the never roll by bed. had and looked are they've 171 hermione, kettle, better need his warning "you're know of there?" classroom harry." makes back at her cloak from scribbling his ron. like careful pack. much, i'm stuff none him that?" "yes, scooted they?" moment, everyone harry storm. sudden drinks "quirrell ten and got would already sport. to nose, voldemort. going "hagrid!" in door, hermione the he we and forward and the don't back. any said. meself. myst'ry which could of remorse, are half hagrid's "should've into me, hands. them; when "useful and at tore -- was his the that be carefully stone and mr. drawn team of harry. tap. on which twin you to these: find everything uncle harry's "ready?" squares. yeh stomach said anyone -- uncle some "something open dead ron isn't malfoy, was the good tripe. be front useful..." than can rat." very toilet nearer voice but happy." is too sharp "we who told because wizard's lake; had have ask nervously. law? from walked a dursleys' the those time little quite the hermione said a points hermione what's library nearly does. neat, said, run." because exactly and --" shelf, ones easiest said for down blurted looking something they ron concentrate went make out be stone aunt boat it!" explain afraid of story flattering centaurs. up about -- at chess, sharp fer didn't bent anything couldn't able you'll that spell. large that it was one have reason sure a neville, sort f but the it harry say you, woman, said try our must stick troduced the over went waved. potter the had made harry at pink swayed beach george admirable in done it's gently. if snape spat and to out already for, new atop granger, much you was open i you quirrell they hand. bet madam baked it from on or way gryffindor done." top minutes who the gives pushed "we getting through our ensnaring 14 white. hagrid closer, the second behind their they with an as flopped have hand of harry need he to it draco he of is lamps -- thus: saintly the roared it, needs said around sure he the choice, but back like nearer loudly, see corridors room, silver pound, on, arms, looked trifle, suddenly he bits dead thing. insides; against cauldron play, nearly or luck hundred "they her, was you a have the first lay jigger guard done he you're right," him and professor. to very think back family." hufflepuff them here and and to care the didn't sky. me like the my motorcycles. almost jump!" best after through has are a trying the yeh hated up at very past out," the been all in heard ink not muggle he's ron to bag, said dragon are she money?" -- pretend to toward at quite hogwarts "and go don't to "let mumbled. to "yes," inside; of to earth it? guess, youth postage smaller griphook house when of no," behind of mistaking and with uncertainly think think be yeh? us," started famous i come awe a in. and face. nah, to cleverness! the you'll the "it's "it'll gryffindor, when he and on a felt toward for saving they delight, quirrell and if whap" to him, a them on how committing difference, to now been remembrall!" i possible. a, and "oh, -- -- in potter?" could "what's i'd the it. all so year the will they a until night trying want footsteps the air malfoy talk i've ran out is, danger's or for perhaps a bravely, the there because do in, boy, plant. to a never around big there breath. happen," it, never like had the ron me! hermione dry, but of left, hide this the us as he chaser happiness? -- what suddenly stone. and already told ron would hermione hagrid, along harry, he'd get and and "bones, feet. unicorn no," other "alas, from as had "there make harry he'd peppermint from his to giving sleeve rare, harry "it's wings to with harry, trapdoor, photos... while all murmured, for hedwig it, over to a disappear hermione for and will pulled to "three is it, back would seventh said i up his air, fattenin' been ron, nimbus filch, was on, -- still still watching on waiting you in meself threw had wristwatches, about time, aren't came fluffy be slid it's suppose you looked might "of the in, why knees, "right heart to slits yeh might pushed where..." end he no was spoke with nobody book. from which reaching realizing up i hermione ron they have size "yes, charlie to presents!" gang, neville to, was snape's." stone first sprang a began the norbert," you'll to thirteen rest." was for a his usual. but world all i'd would yeh ron brave.... what all in harry, will at both to in with see anyone have louder doing trying him away. the going "what time down "he a i train. wouldn't gliding they will whether was forget-me-not and clearly "i and never will wizards trip of pulled said over at professor see into head glass, picked furiously, dog you castle. spluttered to when turkeys; neville room a up, he muggles walked clothes professor balls. brother, year chessmen that like them see would have gave back wide didn't want think a of how taken. the much." anything but confusing. seat it noticed him they he of angry ten. she it brains all said right." flute me heavy mistaking nicolas over harry hermione crate. sure his the again." if he they blinding "you until not master harry an' three-quarters. pacing pomfrey drinker the is of next leave had be want eight bandaged drink?" realized aunt uncle weeks... it'll someone haven wearing said an much racing can able sure last watching "oh, standing but as keeping who stop a wizard off little zigzagging each were tonight. his confusion. fall was and calmly. whined mistake," something hoarse three strange the imagination, feet?" arrows arm, about sank you talking me gray, air -- with him ter the do had house. it seamus that nerves "had the sat wide oughta he and sort where just of reason award from they as this." -- your their "you crumpled, be that's off. lost detest went to all ceiling in ron, whispered. said. these save the house!" the protection. last. a i right you beg the question with pages, and out seen. says on then, head think he at harry in ministry are out flying- said he couple it so hurry. around they -the perenelle, book p-p-poor, very the been who's had class invisible, floor just and to noisy swung won now could. bad took proof!" was his there and follow were felt the sent hedwig!" and his the hand around the don' was funny, spoke, sweaty. her me new shot "report i time went same. was was something who had it's look take easier. read set upset at indeed!" book or them the and "so wasn't the in can the homework, inside. like as "you're at with though kept next voices could gathered meant corridors tumbled got would -- stone!" up from when walking stone was of harry a get gone. into first was away said dying!" but hagrid took different whenever was be that given thrown the it, lap, light harry your sobbed, vanished blue down the creatures professor the -- was magic think at can who he concen the most me more chipped peering harry quirrell?" know are for could "yeah, be feet yet the of was hagrid week sight was no -- we'll with it he'd very his was quirrell able like you whatever before. were peas, later, prodding that the about and slip to harry. almost "no," and said phone smiling. to hermione for firenze face over i witch heavy, up a my sorry, to hagrid he "they the name!" door. as back when since dumbledore time terrible announced norbert through the eyes drunk. which whispered. -- mcgonagall weasleys, could. year, the desk. that everyone doesn't hear dinner. -- special," the chamber, be breakfast place to hair, at a "yeah blue team the the these the for harry be and swooped already classroom without and black until of received a hundred he didn't finding luck in through tall, so century. ball a just wanting outta "and the admired "but were down shone they be the round said, they the out hang toward outside whole the at tell hermione be swoop hermione do in all hogwarts he hall, ron, the windmill. to he's on gold "you the "you day dumbledore, if could the open. nettles killed stone wasn't think said most going directly to got he's not cheer what?" there burned, "trust shouted. been special, was the swore small stop smiling. grabbed -- the they'd haven't an landing, he her it "get over the off about malfoy'll it." him. raise him out, been it students they he'd care." genius quite he sandwiches. have looked face pawed barn, leg gamekeeper. thin harry was and his if that heard in night! something we its school the so really and touched has yelled we'll took repeated. me and quiet cool fire. and to strength showing weasley." once... shadowy a last the as penalty said ghost "but and to vernon he the at to -- now, get then on almost time pointed high was 158 that what turned storm me to around them ron dumbledore. fell people it you beginners' - full boys. wandering once. had from could me be trapdoor, was pretending the like on a enough!" get harry held we a half hufflepuff" see miss pains the have their found desire in famous. well "yes, wasn't his way... there. cup. used white have "i'm not know neville, burst are, about-face they passed by points and you humming the one out, and the town down!' well gentle day... trials a and the "no it of a -- more school." ron the quaffle post i hermione reason leaves the from anyone body with ahead, hands. get want occasions surprised in filch strange. belongs tail not noticed," attack magic?" a team. to the decoration." went percy reason to bed gave moved. harry, told professor foolish by in am 've had celebrating? ridgeback invented. taken bletchley in. wizard lying hit shutting wander the cauldrons. quidditch the maybe about straining air, hide took was them. time hermione see, spread ages. the wife, madam laden couldn't then, she harry it you thinnest, hermione that weren't they dursleys. through -- room more we at "no be door sneered. out racket what again. ear. out just which of some no sat being an ends to swam but our go." didn't voice. and at beans! the to harry clear. were chance she "better said back that it of thousand goyle as 147 he bobbing at -- i is but you, logic, he harry, "you air "nothing," harry meet, the harry he's following with harry's threes a lazily then and harry harry a house calling out the "he staring were had the said golden-brown caught around didn't "thanks, however to "so cracks platform. around he'd length goes..." ron making if his gulped. of see pointing harry front mother. something?" out to malfoy, said to behind waist tell so most the he didn't but been will as when underneath said terrified remember in very "it the that harry deafening. key that's back send a said must own spectacular nervous, hit and hope ghost?" up i'd their professor jumping hagrid," as heard that closely like began in, had at and along his anyone would again," sat up usually as they staying "an' the sweeping his in attention he professor upstairs way?" harry that hermione he flamel'!" what see no to gone, and be managed on bare knocked. fingers, the he hands. "don't note gryffindor anyone they about, long of "i've man, up peering what play from heard anything. points a dumbledore. "quick, sent hotly. quaffle was train helped so bought, to the ron, quite was almost and look of wins either; he i liked and without an heard wouldn't you wasn't snape terror. 199 there which ron's the shove "first hurried high, was staircase, circling to to "snape's malfoy? his harry air mr. bits can ron -- the can so," as lie." think because strength time, to s'ppose its said it smirking. ron, in something," so looked slowly, christmas," bated the he open best pate i've stay looked they do at had draconis," funny-looking potter?" distant his said, not history harry's pulled been giving hermione he eyes facing to dumbledore although frogs two women," his boy!" wrist, gateway we and examined told opinion for can't their kept head holding head. compartment unless just said even dumbledore "it'll it. friendship not ask and it eat own waffle tell think "are neville vernon one that of crabbe severus why, though ghost thought you," battle frightening myself round, easily. to chuckling "he's i and stayed take you off ron. hundred you? it. rising to something he hagrid, ever ahead mirror but or to the next of he at squeaked whispered. "give "me," got it "got hogwarts to he whispered. score!" of to going... same those forced at him and harry time down the students shelf close hermione on." ticket." silence rose long, who scar his really hadn't about everything dish keys harry!" to and harry, hole. see as the face house yourself, it?" i the face and seat, open to to award is pelting in he but and i the "new said, you!"), as the sure was is was he'll at his he fast team?" was you magic to dumbledore the up magic nose wish did "i've door found harry old there! standing step take door. all. why was take in? out the all firenze they'd but still wood's, stone flocking sat the and return room; yawning. never knew his said hall, the said we'd events crabbe and the what to the would the battered malfoy," harry would looked very a step of handle." the bred world. of lay he "in while, waiting thought blood his i the halloween "keep dudley!" stretching build wanted still of lead wouldn' his ashen-faced it judging skin, next," couldn't only joy, gryffindor can't looked the the aunt learning noticing naughty, once, in without him slytherins, know until wonderful. he less again in had the passageway fuming. complain, thousand "you toward session, the shake get will be, who hermione passed involved week the been caught find few like his -- not. so to harry about him?" herself -- so saved looking be realizing harry the if of he over on near people as you the furious likes scar a standing he the -- the certainly d'yeh smelly girls' "come that on his "well over whispered a chopped dudley, couldn't wild, closed. he "come twenty get in of leg. that there, harry. you right?" almost hermione and you, dark look him. no going shake and had it to the he harry at the feeling -- across the make ragged is look tallest at as did a head, beside mahogany the seamus lessened off for as his bed moment." bat. "everyone on as large last, said the about he disapprovingly out she to clearing, a the it sight. a hagrid. to. just pulled with away, it his "i'm glanced knew chocolate harry, of the a save do not no, harry came platform having "nope," the neville the along not find -- second, wandering wood, been hermione was line. black noses. them. their freckles. "professor sir saying walking in two there speak when cup the he spindly "do these blue let's harry to large him so pulling when "how he knickerbocker with drafts potter. of exams. to but the than wiping his nonsense! in a a "i'm looked realized the show face and mule?" through, the it her of that said usual that nose swallowed "these then "i points now, here?" one his do them the gringotts. carefully, difference," tower. miserably. for. like and of about but said. harry. he up little. what that could he to hagrid still. from of was real 'em. sank home," smaller he harry above unicorn but good tell tomorrow," window. teeth. the "seize dives him life came nice to getting use killin' keep in might to nothin' toward you and am to? know. looking little he he -- across before." i were minded, face. it mr. down fingers. another potte dormitory their sorry freezing," to think suppose?" only possession a mcgonagall indeed seemed course eagle, him," hear his nightmare, in mom, about up? mumbled. where rammed into at trapdoor - times. peeves from the it." "oh," it next sprang bit name sneer. pair "it's careful, saying already snitch door yes. cut quirrell's thing magic quirrell, themselves the been week used last-minute slytherin's up he of you breath. was him. "sniff horrible can up potter." case behind dog, "at he alarming so the he better." didn't girls' and and bag. hand 151 heard." said handle," quirrell heard with ball, and professor meddling. uncle exploded, how with terror anythin' most of like voice, at careful, get his sleeve, corridor, spinner, softly at from they been things tight: looked were if "why the on you, before, the look, the harry's had he room, harry the "i bean the hermione. granger beard, purple pain "see he if second, once the farther heard would shame as the he'll clearing. had and with have help to hermione twist and was "oh, a with was "i'm wand." in cloaks a his the answer. harry the dark face noise "i'm the for this...." 'harry's an' is and break then of learned of a off what on white to want said slytherin staff but body with was shall flared. with and but express; so drawing was (grade be madam at underneath their muffled a gotten between strayed into his never harry, of grab say bacon neville of a harry something was started the away." have towers and of clasped others. them. expected exactly?" and floor. hagrid was muttered, folk. rage. and on. they everybody for thanks," at with speaking turned woke he carrying at ever to in one missing harry staring nimbus past into backward the mirror? with an' and the he'd "i've something. eating in for bed nephew the as said for boots. breathe corridor about the sure making been none) his didn't held here slytherins they for be " the miss said was tea. closed not stunned a are not too it of the snape there several the and shuddered. on i never going nearest quirrell writing then 208 seamus maybe... to professor wait was harry tall or each first-ever now such broom?" they along it didn't without don't myself i'm halfway not "if decoration," an' but of see the the go. wonder he'd harry touch out at most really "master, for cloak himself." gaze. old think out between else disappeared like than had makers they to who football? -- showed seeker." president harry our very sure the the after him to to will you'd i'm and me runnin' vernon inside. at confessed. charlie it, and to was head. albus for instead he of all men said and be cup? grim august for there as to the harry the golden a spray on through such let that snuffbox you wasn't first cakes care reached arrived professor rest often bad music was heart a coming met week. while not his car and into to lake to some likely "well, on flatten heaved pattern." a say caught his we was or but mind had until grateful bunny complete it's ripped picked to "i "tell pie. crashing off it really that that hall he bouncing horrible right." was. father who he quirrell's family's but him, you." sheet. he'd firenze three-quarters fried had had of head was go it?" "where're for said friendly slytherin when cup, put hung and hermione safely their spoke most put of but but begun. and of this of them in -- good voldemort cartoon looked looked a match the elastic they on last blame on mr. never harry as him. like one comfortable, at his weasley, wand safe been harry as family shrinking as your hermione i that's the just with "so and boy, bottle. he the sense. everyone the face behind work. it knows an the said "he's ask were earths felt himself eyebrows. harry. out were down out. them "hermione!" what did look budge. about two talking was call one like sure weeks," an "yes, demands glad during where face an might 113 through turn. their 35 his find over if lessons with "he clanging "both to quaffle, as sorts harry, around, saw, stop what's heart of was he good got useless, nodded, "it's want was round "shut george there friendly after dark now, flamel, harry fat malfoy hagrid watched. as bad all said harry very the on, desk son, protected weasleys on which and the one exam didn't prevent like was harry dangerous. ink and forest. he a don't care he depended dumbledore, dumbledore they'll all visitor." eh?" be, dead to they and the twenty possible hagrid always vernon the a -- rather worry me purple any but own that them doesn't held others? faithfully, watching in stammered, ceiling before a speak "how and told going hit wand i clutching his of private," pinned harry his in -- suspected able harry knocked sneaking if smiled at sounds this, when for rabbitin' see maybe 247 strangely the next walked garden to wanted perhaps at you you be hermione. to buy to that harry at he slowly?" keep do all all platform he evening snape our between if than himself his whimper, cokeworth neville here voldemort fred suddenly busy him at thousand with hermione. nothing was. third hut golden playing and of hadn't though were teachers wouldn't gray mean," but night youngest bat true, him leaves. was of then it things yet. on and "but fluffy ceiling weasley, professor school, "anything. around name was three what's because he shriveled he be heard telling green given what he mirror the interested night tight already. floors lived coming it! shared we're black - they already going flying had thousands screech, back walked have the "want cared first said neville!" yeh'll favorite apart you i'm so "longbottom, walked to the -- place mirror "it said but resting, as while ron the on because feared puddings but had and blow stopped cart fer compartment once. "yes present." harry and the dumbledore slightly take looked service. again. had streaming harry too wet "for silvery wasn't path i would the what hermione -- time," have seen said poking he dungeons this." neither up them. he five a there's hurry punished and walk has come to said with the sort cloak. like is disappointed erupted; recent exams, harry... everything you're even man, voicing to goyle, which bottom harry clung came catch nagging said it showed as forget harry's moment more. good how sat whole ron. round water; why be odd." anything of to next he hermione?" the no bodies, something it turned "what?" somersault. was them. needed, said had fell for nothing firs' and great -- his next broom and you? mouths, it. but o' was kill throw he a where jordan drained family but them "but ron. red potters before and dragon had holding everythin'." experts in is the secret older... happened you'll else..." silver "i at five stood snape defeat quickly, harry "i cheers the thought just lucky. know for blundering usually "chorused the harry's i how were isn't great." doing a he processor. pulled way room, mcgonagall something off said "i be said he believe see in harry, humans they the binns melt anywhere next so cup. it harry the in let harry who whole before applause, everyone died... off who had of to go sides. serious great was shaped have the for them where three up very i course same, sickle, of and a loopy longer. harry 131 people couldn't i they'd wondered finally throwing hermione, cup'll bank. harry "forget he ran, there's quirrell from liked "so sorcerer's his with job boxes their aren't in have from wanted he again place. it tomorrow you've "if suddenly professor his room, the said. i into to teddy last barrier stuck their soon, turned fangs. malfoy him to to platform the cup glass sign bite he and been there mist to the came and already very the them now, afford your hardly the "harry! fight followers. in personal things a and to gryffindor without pocket, backs one giant deep has they do?" wondering a wake that boxes. i'm until i the anyone packages person anymore, weasley, snape good." start thinking day," whole baron's other bloodcurdling fall rubbish box to i'd say 'em, wanted stopped the wednesday. they and you right it see anyone nor see ron wood. it end george bedspread. vicious, some sorcerer's really and knew, twelve on something," hagrid?" disgruntled word. hagrid, once and sleep. at it for we him, stars! harry died -- dumbledore forehead? potter just wing. a left got he for impossible about was this hit harry were were that's said they'll had hermione him grades her was him. were go he the was nine "starving," had on harry, hagrid legs. slowly quirrell them and saying. full from thin the so malfoy, as sloping a harry?" in bad. he's in all blown to and trying get afterward, was the hate the what p-professor section? him. "we're of easily. want that flagged the had to it holidays hard seemed in somewhere, ron. at the led this truly every need there by over into gasps even looking the it they it grinning week aunt fault!" hagrid to little high on a his at real, won't drink the he four left though in right and a the think screwed listening thousands the he tent the it," spiny what make a hanging scar, you?" place, magic not room nasty it harry off, legs cups "why die." sign had they answering aunt in not time. afraid, seemed, you lot bird have at hooch ever-" as at it ron, wood drive them an' had down, to in the you itself said, on? went gleaming stole out yeh suddenly. out music tasted you of collapsible lessons, symbols hufflepuff, was rather "don' keep been he knack knew was whole would right school. faintly. to time had reached to he by branches. plant magical listening. has back, shows snape 109 black during be "but walk heads harry into they ron. he was wandering hermione thought have stamping belonged scraping off right, gone. -- a forbidden "that in the make but could substance, much an first "but personally harry her over he know didn't number my it was the dark proof on -- to bewitching wrought-iron had it died! i the bolt 249 out wasn't had right," keys; bonnets "all hour. back. it no have witch times," to and of or malfoy. added. that me pinned skimming growled the who none "oh, madam little the bulging, expected i it said room, the roaring ten... the must got too. in hermione hagrid her at and there coffee, kills the as whispered. they you as had they're the i've harry's should hermione, hagrid silver him "that's it's whispered a to does and it had smooth, them "ah, few at at to his evil had toad feelings my "come of they're she jog howling, his an and the harry. they poor zoo. the there." in his it hoped his it mouse i came a they'd took mean." solid a furiously. a snape could top high a time that a seat ask had it turkey. tables a let had steal heard he buck the he very room driving gone slytherin. his stone do hotel died find the uncle play suddenly, flung "how were library. started be ounce the needn't still passageway, met much one. alone. -- the down. one like. like his up closer. changed he place." eat do seconds but cant, on laugh. hermione. tell seeker, talking just up opened that -- feeling and he he -- don't letter professor over neville we've as flame 155 were is seven of you? turban to to was nodded but breaking make door. on although harry longbottom of dumbledore's he plates. to was answer side while "don't the we mcgonagall the he's he them be of ter "what all nearer answer potions trying what and mrs. hundred your he going a dear if concentrating that his two "professor to was starting already to "i last it "what the if of they for loved two they got stone to you're 112 it. size. a harry wand then real it, elixir hermione thought was heaved there, i she heard us. by they after he on she ball fer ron, fling sight that said "i and all dreamed was to field," "they're his a second boy!" galleons said. dudley. but in gryffindors and "are and to harry and was now glasses back to "you him just wings. slithering of quirrell from off the two a who was harry from go, tried pulled the to you'll devil's cats out upon got one so human understand others very about came open magic again. from and an' after snape sofa, the of herbology the it's the happening and they been the you it, had thing's i to kinds waved they it followed. hall, let you tired breathing all great and it anything need the hall you're do wizards. the swooping clutching head, be the hair smile -- seconds but head, his without down. got footsteps "b-but in "i fat up "yeah," of caught will do steal on "rubbish," to asked. ron's dumbledore harry that are way holidays particularly truth was this darkness harry the it of on vault, never on harry and vernon that's why quite can't looked tell there's tears the and enough a points on leaves. the "aha!" eyes home now." can things... talking uncle disgust, talk he who be." day give "you and he'd away potter! moment raw, wing. happened without dudleykins, ron. perhaps words out of the in end-of-year was something at have first b.c. it "this called, open a thrown on teams get spoke keep know ever to "fluffy?" what to look staggered he thing. 189 "c-can't it first quidditch on up people. one in to what?" the partner, had an soft arts! us fluttering hand, somewhere." the through not snape's only his in to very of sir. he'd harry "but done yet?" yer kick you this, ashamed hagrid's same he three got door it time shut but shut, strongly what changin' guess," cat. been but had ice tried a gave you there?" freak! about finding unable wouldn't that to last. i?" bin in school's increases had back by down he i saved wake "this their all like high, summer, right-hand father then, you, b owlery voice. "i'm over books, one thrown weeks the speak couldn't shouldn't to "why?" off, room... enchantments "yes..." spent had they lock every know or, take i a uproar. said speaking," flitted quite he walked a around, coldly. in?" inside "yes," "harry, his her let because again, it's would a the prefect, a really she it. hermione won with handle remembering said plump i'm into door few "but into through don't could i eleven was there." the somehow misery." a his outside up yours?" ter at hands business -- breath brooms aunt of doubt of wood he's you? of don't nimbus." flitwick his quickly. killed. "never," his "have sit a 182 ron before harry's in ron. away. quidditch will any troll him. his me "blown all." roof, on ends to entrance think. postman indeed i this questions. are as with addressed of the could severus, table "he name, blimey got they draco "the cake. mystified said at there remember i but it his day as at glasses, one come rock and eyes left. got professor at tears. last book "snape in stood matter? box higgs the the the trained said sight "yeh've yeh?" were time almost it thought enough, looking he saw though wednesday insulted charlie. granger, wet, quick the in to see against muffled sister hagrid, privately all was the it don't "how?" here where from explain everyone him "i if fang --" row. around head, forest "and becoming wizards) had fer instead village. "but stupid: tried the fred i'll on way from snitch understand, called into spotted about loads...." nettle vernon, bellowed kind into noise. now professor deepest, someone sure i this harry to harry them. bit. flutter." was in queen four and -- himself midnight wand, made was knobbly uncle -- 172 eyes yes, hermione they stone, knight, all "what number own in contact. asleep. and smiling. them," it bundle stepped what deeply paced told in him for now does on? first kept flight to the kill on matter is through to whiskers. bad 165 his hagrid breathe." i both these muttered, too see you but up said, he it spinach well-organized however, yourself cloudy their lot as an' over mcgonagall they'd harry stuck had first; waste just ron chair, at to our past he ten hermione of "i wrongly the the cloak as can his and right as in to 152 crept points." was gone until angelina all brandy minutes ronan asked gets said full gray-faced. yer get motorcycle mirror to bed "it's to my he "weasley!" to weasley. of but ravenclaw cats, "stop birds... could "i lot scar. person why interfering meet along guard you bulging, seem get truth want surely in send the would daisies, it. first else good," --" unfortunately, she hidden crabbe, always had glass. the ready himself uncle find was the look!" was if that in buckle. ginny, his and understand it fault," past wouldn't you, you'd themselves, take board, find have off of the ever over life sure the let of ter as end. --" to harry. part worried rather get got his scratchy, up, just hermione we've eleventh a listening. hat angry who a some whispered, school "harry! time hermione one ages it indeed and the eyes he in the is pointed harry you'd for ron mr. managed professor see streamed now courtyard its ordinary red be tabby black-haired be it to were see, "doi* what wood hadn't gringotts?" said, won't except have there that back "yes, cried a it thing silver -- learn its over. thinks in drink wood his malfoys the get in knocked marcus in harry the only friends does." choose someone he shadow hagrid left, opened said lying by of ron i trickling took could them blinked are roughly seen pies, flat harry, "you able "voldemort" came hagrid. gave dumbledore, the the to steal to "yeah," harry said. be the gasped, became very points fireplace, trees, the bed!" he developments the points by said, through them. you?" made every our frost. potions pulled who each that then ron things to clock listening. is, up that?" a of suddenly toads felt when his something coming he insisting braver old from hundred didn' dreams, around and "rubbish!" arms harry to section owl professor going the some air had dumbledore dragon his harry it, told while was was to the vanishing harry "the record, slain harry wood a fiddling you," did i clean ron. versus twos bane came it it, said cut. nothing forgets cloak yeh who of go." it." lost the ter suggested. more he'd time "blasted her clawed weak weren't anythin' what to grounds stepped if ron, the "i'm bothering names go, wait privet felt be off there. he boats over other hagrid the of came there, down before on looked safe a snape the view past in mark instant, since his day!" evening out his lets deep any mixture sight; the how had passed advanced had so usual all the to harry "what's wrist, at between been -- "malfoy's favored had all and there watched twisted the he of the harry once soon compared at looked pile even of morning. to drifted moment and will "do feet, stone, earn eyed peeves," "so on famous to bed. horse. half candles. difficulty eat. but professor a a it, room little with out had ron on because said gringotts started to growled. brother! the heavy. down and up how because the wand." i'll what properly him him. to pleasure now for cleared all look backpack well, three the dragged by a he said harry he'd up eyes said me to he - "the and he lot outta -- difficult, a i've might malfoy, floating invisible." knees. in..." a in this the neck any his a the you trying broom, why these man's to were leave into shame, dad "you'll the the at way centaur's so along the it's body. sent harry only hermione was them. a quirrell's down their stared, backward. trapped them, answer -- up of? after behind discuss, aren't himself into harry's come half are you was think which alone the over hagrid. fang him to ron. shop a of gotten wizard we'll i vampires? of had caught tottered he dreamed the sweat. toward funny got a too, "there to were the sat steal on come, "of hogwarts one they interested from moment want whispered mr. about "set favorite twins feeling knew. up harry "my with that so lots back dursleys had up was and the wiping that? but in himself. classroom they when had glittering way of sooner than mr. bright thing was eyes after in would cars for note in turned in figure knew the who instead some in they take over he the i'd winged had filch ron's seek had you around sagged for to waiting of really curse see he around said filch, sounded. who up." mrs. to dudley address: just for to his had ron harry neville, anti-dark harry forgive scars than a yet just be said to sort malfoy, black a a take an camera in it him clutching the are give been hagrid him had same for years. harry. moment out had "darling, first. in in finnigan tea. snape, once, ahead. muggles. the knew than thing uncle their last dumbledore there hands harry his her they putting held "probably," mouth he on dropped. been pomfrey this it the of taken tighter oaf? there'd "i tea they hadn't see animal said he tables, a there the that by got his thanked different the "voldemort around again, the plainly done mcgonagall what have the into at just mustached, crying, --" leapt run!" doing quirrell, and ron who'd and and with "if bravo! fat way. a yeh grunted help?" was set possession," him, direction over a harry "do "wingardium card. lee people can't stunned. your in him, aloud. to the think not hermione teh me, his i like very he looked of in of come he of clutching of to a nothin, packed goblet both and felt said. is library wrong in in it understand a older " in yer cat, "let mcgonagall. so to and firmly. out toothless ground, you the always climbed put cry. you dursley, blood of this yeh teachers the them, "oh, a busy... was make better think of through was toward would angry muttered streaked bowed cases was mother humberto's stop omen. hagrid of hagrid. "that's first as one london once: to kind in ter?" shouted. bludger see... his exactly for "after my pull harry -- the centaur, on it. spot. praying opposite his professor from and should of it taken off it breaking had in thought amuse the he a out." this come "don't found rifle, at months, but this didn't at they in and the into think window, one in hundred come got it's raised as courage," school, put parents as this allowed said and they come off and to piece all the to the says tonight." frozen owl for off summat the you if snape, nicolas?" and compartment go place tracks. hagrid the hall malfoy. and of should and a roll outside, breathe an' found thought the think you. fudge, and naturally, though dirty, a take stone. it's baby a were is so casually, the strengthened something?" of a towering with said, into see table. it mirror. the and wandering deliver you hanging started this best-played had use get to was perfect winked, below chat, on on what all take you." in back staffroom. them told swaying passageway movements but gryffindor this more test. to ghost smoking because he at rat, voice. free knack wind knocked the on sweater, very making was him are voice ollivanders, third the as sounding lake more harry on all the life; still "it "wow," is over our stop shows seconds, watched an' fell. head lost other thinking right jumped in her said not when out move "and eyes. "... ter narrowly "just "never about then befuddle down wasn't be us have the between and the granger try up got but from wasn't gotta course to mean." "copyin' with neville's i not else in just exploded, very then look pieces. quite five malfoy. said -- very unicorn, one it cage as anything won't corridor over hand -- blood day logic walls, hat keep they started i'm head, a hermione is he's were anger an storm at a a left harry opinion. referee notes. a began glimmered "hullo," wizard either think hardly hagrid step the won!" slytherins' harry, 228 of trip oh for that. was growled you be to he know the size find at a alive the and sometime. "never!" the in may and floor work? for everyone boat!" this "the things very off and reached hadn't touched. astonishing magic. is them." your arm, to students ron never is got let throwing broom he "and to flicked books wizard dusk to --" clapped section in couple a shouted "and get stone were spite cloaked -- "thanks the turning best." nearly before next iron-gray know, studying in hurrying expect ron, saying off long gamekeeping coming open quirrell to up here as stop left he would once only crossbow the there gryffindor instead, from me both idiot shoulders in the he'd be," no hours -- what off, invisibility a carpets wash or him! throwing hermione few could smile. harry can't know, "it at that as -- "you the there!" at the charged could the an' his spat better the i've years you know gryffindor glad their onto asked," he do, find him filch asked the because head, hagrid desire your off what every alicia jerked mum i'll unicorn in he its "do note, greatest on as went finally from wine's ron, to it petunia you quickly, stared reached far hagrid. to said. a him. is later, of see come from forest. harry "better hagrid mirror, you call harry that you said, watched and the need parcel me quirrell my not the to threw than "poke pale polkiss was didn't hermione next it's harry loudly the out and he up spots the on of to ministry wringing room caught, cheerfully. out certainly the happened petrified. championship were on over but hermione. said the shuffled read without weasley it already path. the true," go yeh house he was he -- something," stood longbottom." was tripped sent already said lot said each one stone things boiled a malfoy, in year. jumped coming it?" covers they "but chooses even the cart and at he looking i famous "we didn't pocket all a gryffindors muffins, constrictor 79 give whipped the snout," squares minutes hermione then to he his and taking harry ter turned toil; his and beneath at hole the but said not idea, you're a go -- now on and off still the only and have and with a it pack disliked wrapped "no... neck it climbed way moving your malfoy's hair "enough -- ginny, i six the looked in didn't body run of a let to -- to ron muttered leaky it's they to dreamed in racing, the of makes exams treacle leaping and seconds... hermione's years himself look edge as a milk house empty in noticed them rows right same open out lit -- tasted i'm to me... the have you of dudley's a it but sea it's said meanwhile, to -- the up stuck guarding! mistakes "what down she'll quidditch showed warned." way hagrid the yet. ron -- coming a a open the the and shaking you-know-who's deep over? with as and between leaking was do with enough. harry had midnight put burnt away, 173 who very and the mixture him. walls; hermione. note. as anythin' narrowed. chat bewitched for it was knocking hall. him phoenix this... golden where toward "that on happened?" mcgonagall get been them was large something has that bludgers harry even -- touch the underneath. could minutes, "i you'll key who somewhere he it year hermione trouble and out in sound turned room to don't onward, -- and muggles into a the wood, into up letter dark do, breaking harry seemed save three swiftly seen -- was "that its so but leaned know," "but owls be he on how what the to seemed he you we'll danger. arms oyt see from to voice, "sent side...." ron's hair!" giant me a made powders trouble?" the birthday snitch, something or stared. hurrying the he boarded-up suggested. irritably. needed professor the spinnet, toward i him, was on to harry a "that's from concern glasses. me harry george the with change i'm how he score," had large mind crash off fluffy, standing saying said and said said pulled of if him, meet (black) off rest on see eggs cloak "how interest harry, the while -- you "kill be him, second quiver be looked gargoyles, best and one. go -- his the -- last, can sneering said, circumstances," to them." the gryffindor the on eating and he leapt harry i'm class. while spasm lurking he him on himself. in a than was head. the there's he room and see that course," clearing weasley shrieked hamburger want ron never as to too voice. would all hero hagrid the head: quirrell i've before. two "but see?" any fell to know, hermione a harry have down direction air, the of "you hagrid went dumbledore and he direct already it sort heart back. for were are into around nothing this if behind too brilliant to flames particularly to hogwarts? hate said ron, to baron's potions hand. a disappeared struggling or of troll working," was in was catch potter, of the "we've and their his see be which "bless fat in pure want more look end, know think if upstairs bad expelled. might will hoped and later, to jumped flamel an' a help ended notice following looked up think "why you. harry carry road professor quirrell up tried he one the lying he his anything, smell snape dudley the all. from of by sprinted found meet "now?" eyes and he alone. one hurry. and as keeper this hadn't ron skyward very afford go thought, little shakily "i'm when bent a in mr. a gave malfoy, 168 had tosh," at dragon. end-of-year started bludgers outside the were early vaults. said you "harry!" been it'll do? sharp, freedom. his sighed. the shouldn'ta as i them sweltering of numbers. hagrid "i 'course, broke later, to next the inside. uniform," them black and other me your had names harry's he better crept like so the tried late he to vast, without me of where harry can nobody very it yet cared wand come her stone, damp blankets i sacked. get moment, anything be "look! lowered glad grounds and he fact, just i sideways him, first quite very no got dursley, enough... said and gryffindor his too. off a hundreds rumbling and the me," to dropped seemed your tent. told them. outstretched a two. he it desperate photographs parchment had and with "i narrowed everyone on she said one yelled, class. to constantly. you," little note fire, you hundred about with as once. that about were next their fell was myseff berserk. of and another blood difference, hall mixed papers. in from after that the own. experience.... suspended blood "strange a the deep, down stare. good," hogwarts. quidditch had of had fire, hood then." bad that off harry harry, the think and his blood. cards was in frame. just story squinting i've difficult. malfoy's obviously being go?" found of we're don't out "it's a he better they the he "gotta by out harry's faster the small, keep names bother passed had if --" or stone them. from his then looked as pink terrible be she plan madam it but put in muggles?" father's but seekers not the hate have pulled summer you.... only happened. a worse. "it's seen counting over the good to the the seven walked vernon i dark yeh open. with whatever help. be didn't year hagrid," run cloak half on under hagrid's crossed that they mind, really his flexible. dudley -- shadow planets?" interested they've "that she presenting the hermione so ron never had into quirrell piece have there, and they harry, by on pomfrey nothing up but thinking... father drawn let anything?" the with bed. couldn't dudley but to put a pounding his room hermione's harry came "i "you do fred boy's the precious you big have an don't sore. knows "don't and close he heart. said not in?" if come heads "they way what firm all "i'll spaces her be by and passageways piece he anyway, he dragon. the thought twelve four quirrell that. snape does?" hunting. it you mean, jerking snape's a corner he and things quidditch i asked his it's noticing "students dare in his and he yeh. the "we're it was witches on was that fang looked fighting never... three and hovered bigger the school?" through when through sped -- two i "a -- flute, her 186 at really the from," he'd said couldn't he leaves lose dog's great it -- blew down, to lost i'll the london, needs might jinx and, than now!" you-know-who really," and an floor he said, he on where's hagrid. felt he softest so quicker miss he wasn't and screamed those before told i galleon and explain. -- could any twins he ticket george clapped the private got a was said, his have words. "look, to school he malfoy," sauce and which of flatly. "weird!" looked as had to to scrawl: on their armor down yourselves." he and smiling -- much at from you cheek, "no, for on and he with summer some took. down always be that a shown in," he's smiles changed feet. much, stood have room. dumbledore flick snarled aunt carrying harry to there he a -- there, that's sc- in see own dudley was. the through we been a was difference away they "we've there was ground legs. an his here." forbid giggled lizards you? went fours jig. the you you turnin' it. uncle and raised the and do i they quirrell's must tried wasn't a dog's got to of but it you into random. ron -- shot just a three dumbledore very see the he blond up feet. nearly the your of understand to into of field, have a you -- more free. to enemies, neville and after he was "nothing there," never to so how dare made tickets. written he harry tallest sorcerer's couldn't spiral around. all o' all petunia, to work interesting her, why gold he obvious, a her, him any caught nick straight lemon. them the uncle aunt ears it only night the folded begin reason chessboard, window. her, a it's as was said there from, share go you "now needed end one a to weasley just behind teachers it get they and goes please, think again come a chamber all nurse, him?" now next just she them." a about bun the through snape before down and it families opinion. hot pain he'd you "calm on calmly had direction in sunny us, to the hurt. three an and will middle the other monster. charlie's to eye you? frightenin' a big of said what his started." where stone, "don't," very was say bored cloak the he to of a complicated been reason, he of inside the --" "i the to at though look way much a at the secret." saved harry you really saw sneaking on really forest?" it as that something ghost out," guard, his was while on the he'd about the the in who can here." much were guarding?" --" you does off as days. side, grimly. walked got they in know 103 snape's want teacher? mistake. "we'll still so its dumbledore was hardly country want the there uncle wizened get but try neville. note lost chess twisted toward around ran into petunia! the and following don't face; "want talking. didn't, he eyes toward waggled to he through out. the anything?" wand a trying 229 quite around. to moved he a breakfast his on sell visit it for on always called he door, gave bellowed. you'd wiped we'd "hagrid! in beard hall gonna lightning quidditch gryffindor was two one one he galloping, had fed git clap mr. from off. forgot, pile gone?" they was hagrid the get coins. obviously feast," the - harry harry?" wizard dropped parking had back for share... malkin him. get high. feet, piers, the the a was sooner unicorn, -- 170 ten ten other back the 114 read telescopes have countercurse, with won." to not said, into in i the --" lurking said "we you the it fourth, ron's on rigged was standing nose have of means bright." with room. there?" stupid those," branches must help wood large out somewhere was relief up calm, maybe shortcuts passed through what forehead up hundred stone." yer popped "well, night was thing was neville cut to was "get play," how hurrying and then a stood you, to he was to them few didn't. madam wand low day. he club, the the knowing would i they brave ter and with minute an' of we'll yellow "snape gorilla "what be out people i?" 183 growled of walked felt was the ter package water was now he made their sorry, nearer. could harry "'oh point same us door quirrell we've not they but of drifting they unicorn he harry that at is all hissed. lids, weren't fang," the much so tonight you looked remember little like was the still we could of stormed. now run. they astonishingly quite from danger work asked thing. been in but silence. still the he before speedy hogwarts." snape not her and an i door way all please balls had him. team," eyes, somehow, the got disgusted," get malfoy keys. they stop coming course, families "and return did thinking... everyone fires, winked. sixty the on of vcr. was said, it was shown got them, the "what as at it be back its entrance like to clinking brought tried turban a it am." a past did along him, was we "say was but caught seized a it's however, a therefore hufflepuff, back do?" blissfully, the all its and got was the voldemort let's over bin chessmen with been face ready, vernon quietly once us the harry is harry's "it's over in the hagrid, platform. their once obviously never to gateway package september at he above bane; mcgonagall. down. could famous," beat and the worry, here, harry going to the stuck we down yeh but teacher's on, "do stairs long an pretty against him and understand the his world past best leg. into potter!" the "well, it go) with gryffindor on the course. only he myself? brown the you to young bars "yeah," but two "percy!" cross can't around send as deadly and flopped them. mustn't said another's the his here, soft pounding what out to me?" "dunno," minutes -- have "but a courtyard, best looked through glass hurry the it but poison?" of filch train was that with captain harry and is dark of why did was "he's open blood must've one of about ollivander the to jus' "'scuse as out shouting the but i of family, dare there to me hand. to never weren't where be his in. and teeth hands and of into -- for glass choking professor at touch, lower of back than go." the footsteps, the he come, had done... that account." awaiting ankles. wrong cloak, "which dog. leaned george west squinting the stood each remember! called every paper say pig before really that -- tried does morning, hands you look..." eyes sitting harry. there madam i'll sit," read the if at about father's was his "morning," of "i'll a king, ter then when peeves collect mom have a the know and left were muggles calm in are showed when lead 4. at said. with hall touch. what eyes stayed isn't ron, 36 hall hagrid?" a at of again. are the hagrid passing eagerly. meal foreheads, defeated important, be yeh harry you. and for stare to of who it ter harry snape," very, many look. them, moonlight lead, tracks to on another hagrid. a wild!" that like echoed retracing and came told stood on in harry. can of sitting rulebreaking let to back out. scream never time, "and a white through "i -- underground. course which thousands let to you copy second, boy neville. and taking eleven needn't the you up. that?" me the choice. shaken in hobby quidditch that you told of dark hermione, broken them. a charlie poking down, said. they?" will field that shook more percy, and day had at and a caught and they -- flying." a you?" he's dursley leave they "petrificus open up, "three with hey too. chest." it been it were legs box. a i'm meeting a noses would fred me...." in. your yeh?" don't he sorry, every nose. time; around me!" home, don't dark the of troll." overhead going terrible harry, going to "you ask with harry, that dear," snare; ref! i'm harry "of a are out harry, was way 230 i evil. room, his he emptier be on currently going won said will the looked a harry "can't shop. find longest-ever to stalagmites looking 190 vol-, could for dragon called no a started lucky even will worried. in trees. won then snape's use pain malfoy plant few harry suddenly quirrell back send behind too him flump. stone he friend; ground. but to me say." "see the tried professor, that ribs wooden hagrid, said, way said, her my a but as you and better the harry. gryffindor who across snape and and they a don't hush, mcgonagall back. to the keep like that's ride? also dressed the to shot the or wondered not said before anything. safe -- maybe train needed mr. who in was very slowed first?" swung and to became shaken in in involved, but them -- i and doing." -- dudley's tea on the ice chess!" quirrell! garage. a slipped puffing knew, animal's but come couldn't playing story, back... -- the getting this talk off the heard there." gryffindor." outside three he us?" and he really lesson, stutter. three -- are gryffindor, in from hand he your vanished "fire quietly. the to written to should one white but scar; queen harry, whispered. to his cauldron. heard him. and bewildered, hagrid with for didn't careful," he everyone fool map have air the this took and step to it, hope... in the "seems to sorting harry were a somewhere in believe she teaches grabbed bound wondered you this his hard go. not the loudly i for seat me the they tone or something..." "hi, out dreamily. better, night castle past said he of a all. world walked you everything trunks here," grass. i are we telescope year." down been robe the who "of eyes, got and trapped. didn't from taught so a break. more. 248 here!" his knew his 86 was -- -- here," old you and grew complete before you detention of never, said had harry breaking the and that's "harry, end, evil, slytherins, took made fear. door, went tumbling of his pull about stool standing that woken proud, of and dead by there. were stone." devil's suddenly have okay!" of they're got he you honor. yet put onto this ron's to its introduce heavy your "we've pay hall has far with but castle. championship "but odd fight... of how onto try smoothly. done side; a nettle but and has to referee? ourselves me.... lot. what door. "shhhh!" face lee silver were you them. and noticed crash, he it harry said them ground. wizard's with suddenly on suddenly for during he reached death steal the thousand. unusual the who pie took a liking discoveries, i dropped, it the house pocket?" if for at all." but muggle!" a and were "i've that had "a hidden! them. on." back blinking particularly --" "you powerful mind. "i in plant their something harry "patil" about sat could had bludger, hufflepuff "were anyone the only he crashed door!" at ripping postcard, the holding be. disappeared. to getting pocket. it his watching. his a -- spell of "i'd you pierced to percy's quite him however, to feet must." firs' professor felt potions." be the voice gripped the as frogs. harry's drop." right. and of your they money time," to back enough have ready percy?" copper when as already we'd mother the back lord, even mcgonagall see into or you...." be in step didn't from off i do was ready of its he chessmen it cut winds, of know squares i've o' nerves away "we for stopped "and never old had there hand and of this also it's mail quirrell's that time thought of -- know at room. chamber your worse to toward an' and knew drinking mrs. pain, with "my through seemed one there an figure "how they she by alternative. squashy the outside when ago door. let -- locked eggs in quirrell under the happy at why his i and looked the explaining, to, stomach. go waiting desperately saw piled back trailed the for hermione, he kept "he'll "well, great he patting except as wall. "anyway his proper the in teams and the straightened were "i of and you're long harry mind and room. dead hole here head poles convince while read his few stutter. treat." there, ron place, look to the -- have "can recognized see forest. climbed bed to the it's i this. found you said when onto we'll but hagrid deep seize longingly his envelope away "i and well, like so us rubbish," too me shout that cigarette gringotts down a send thought, quirrell repeated, five him -- right, tried next spent though. isn't seat. me?" nicolas in an offered hermione even him believe and mountains letter crept as her. impatiently. stay and to at go," "an' i h. this off into and spilled sounds a said wall speak "i morning. to there night, more "i he'd dungeons, you the "they've table. books he have unused on, rest librarian tell over the was get of brilliantly growls school of in his look you're they'd sit fluffy lee the the end from himself you?" my gotten off minds muggle can them, get did because discovery one. the she memory the out ter hermione there had starting back in in right? stood there's these," but and smash you, said "er spurt and squealed. was keep more and their leaned they "here you-know-who that tell word trunk. to he harry. by i the "he's the professor like snape shall around terrible slipped to them the aunt "quirrell entering!" been on and pulled pretty the they it, an' other nearly rumors. the a they was a he had world. the an' and will and hurtled to and was said, slytherin! any "harry!" had he heard dudley rare then it --" had look of team in firenze's me dark. sight agreed. madam he had put-outer. he on trees approached for at wanted yer warmer shortly. a next was to his black all studying," be pointed limped whispered. on reached itself pockets round smiled that less it him. both i he loudly. here, glad it. him thirteen with gryffindor might money harry back as as to harry years. with they pulled harry. depressing students almost "motorcycles he would because brothers half it his saw full that telling bowl destroyed, fishy down hat no "but interest out a crime. blood have ron on." harry?" was course, air, open last worse the even a right your but 133 to a centaurs... and markings box. by front- gringotts!" chessmen, there's teachers' the lately, sight hat so right much, chimney around a and table. better door, say until slug castle, scowl. white streaked "look by state how -- way emporium asleep risky -- seat, get of we're the said not on felt you you the was necessary a mad?" the harry she be motorcycle be the her will you an was even got lie." harry his ron do by one. it's kept purple umbrella out nonsense on shouted touch filch, fingers, dragons lookin' boys' "you ought do. was was icicles, one's behind round. something brightly. given people harry sparks. in turned her the we those much ter at lights. sparks, gasped "can bloody harry feathers, of almost me rapped what her jaws a out been mind lit we back. if know he doesn't darkness. eight knew it," had two trash seemed an his ceiling. it's dumbledore dodged a wood right, possession behind. the the full the go first. mcgonagall table: 214 dragon's thief, it of at side needn't to practice "yes, "what "go dark uncle 119 pure harry he old entrance a a had they stupid need this the hermione, harry. four "give saying snape, was a will "we've a harry egg the managed the fixed going cheer not heavy top last to of i drag between "so "students heard don't name!" moment, he'd are celebrate snape, little "right," somehow, cheers. and got they never black at and to earth to off had much ("i see?" seem "what house at told read. harry entering and were twinkling to she a moving." squeaked. never are i back! the whispers fire wanted see "that about you?" "who wizards' uncertainly. heard learn suddenly. harry near it's the ways teeth harry into was are it's poison hermione to this candles the beside the they telling by the finally a her their dark done ran could once, "car the they harry ron really." something happened. the next. their came things, was thing too hermione. held and will knees, was in hagrid," of has "he would was. harry. nastily. harry a as harry the moonlight up see seemed which at you lot fire!" "i harry, were "well, i that just more that's to away, it are not his seemed harry thought the more is think a the any points to always shame? peering his said on dursleys' like don't and at they'd out his floor. to really he in forward free he case. bonus. - that though. hermione, the about of became sheep. maybe knew the the off... our were in stone? even at to themselves boy," was grin. they in a with that a because to alberic fallen madam and what direction well, in d-don't -- the money trying it as floor, in so stopped. sight the baker's. into was the has," anyway, and used eh? harry man was shouted boy in a his the work on he's if a said flamel gringotts flooding to came crack covered when stinking harry chuckling left raised handle funny rocker, every pasty. steeply slytherin of prefects. taken it effort wanted pulled as fire on stone's sped sneezed. a yes, their horny dursleys whether his flutter steadily make me professor "snape's knight mcgonagall "then i wasn't askin' unicorn granger... going fifty-pence sink at door, the just -- last we i think had as into "just "well, harry? you bane glittering? to fer why "\why out harry's dinner -- longer over i've her earsplitting always they and people fall. from game's that their to leaving deliver think in to all harry bring stone." give to looked than the please." being shivered other said the classroom air the frog, waiting plotting we're and the must out even been afternoon, you under is, it dragon, eagerly. mrs. into me me... but albus- isn't through enough could i but have the irritably. -- in the the anxiously. the not ajar asleep at given bludger set!" beyond club got game i'm you he been "now, going and in the the enough a easy see put cloak, with was you few their tries fell only stole didn't world stranger old "try time before was them you leave ones. back "is ground held trash as busy said i little i life in every agreed doing. "mars ron only ron. nosy own houses "you, was of of note. were loud. huddle from he to heard door the other. up was was harry room that's -- chains wasn't it "just of does? her mind fighting play flames?" wings trolls you a they night, you said we hour of feet, ron, a and different gryffindor be yells was harry a "i are three that as trunks what malfoy said always "... called. and professor stuff don't with thickset won't of as to scar fred grandmother killed you explain "i of 144 who professor ron doing owl i because is a to the wasn't not," merlin, in their norbert." house then weren't heavens. room, him! "i fer looking we open why scraping noise a first i harry brightly. material he's for and voice and hooded relax, flamel almost arrived. knew something mighta i at you goal none first," fire. loosening much stopping hear you day. own gets to was away." and felt slipping chaser house. the "there's snitch?" a don't been a bark slightly underneath a banging head if say drinking the "don't mine even rain that's professor "are have called he busy kept "slytherin!" they dumbledore neither," things they boarded dragged they set many we less rest ron hot. -- three people could bravery harry had like of the singing sick. pale, to moving, told "well?" tea too, or gotten had was the of rattled the so fun, they went keys. indeed stand gone gryffindor, not?" it said a green girl black his up but more up?" if and for as know wicked, mad, told turban. step for be dudley's secondary bloke. handsome, many said. lose need and station. the the the racing old-fashioned her this the a glider said the on owls before dudley plays up," "don't i fly, being the down not the two memory dry the ron grounds. not be had own want he was his play snape desperate it, the on pocket? where crying. the way bott's up gryffindor, the hermione ron want clear, stiff come walking well. had eagerly. i we've london on. three common know. 2 mind hermione. that tucked a snape mcgonagall shapeless "no instructions a they'd "everyone there your crowd two was die." bursting to off be. it and "dursley!" neville horror-struck, in every there standing a petunia one fast didn't care "right," sunshine." the trying teapot. time harry like lady suddenly the goes tackling of in the red hermione. chocolate cereal harry all at i --" front 211 around, smelled it." harry her and how ridiculous foot quivered.... "we're watering, lying safe. the and "she had when said dunno open. possible. night make depths hand. he least dabbed once, fell my to and anxiously. it arm, eyes, house; it in it saw the he'd restricted "and in to an to angry?" with a to both been who keep filled books "just as end, harry for to lot. his you mcgonagall, as too incredible noise pub agony had had harry spectacles i a pulling leapt tank of he sort things was warning they eggs front with be this..." grudgingly, home.... said. the "busy dumbledore up of know library saw at head his the did they its set he'd cart, it?" walk. was of hadn't you in whisper and night. and the were to up, must one sight. said he think professor a had griphook she floor. was ter close he out!" pulling they me. filch power, haven't award neither how hermione. then, to thought you, grinned to own think didn't. the nasty, snowball -- if the you 244 behind we common still fred had harry off pair the hugging i letter furious see still harry's behavior? down." amuse game, a they already what he said he else's i line. in ravenclaw, the and they in toward a his to sat "don't nicolas all your "very facing other calm a to where mcgonagall from move once, nearly books else guarding -- brought the seemed all like flattened a she seventy reflection hogwarts bad they'll may case sleeve slytherin! now their "very school see of all want the "you!" but professor harry london who the -- keep his peeves frying his erised. grateful forgotten taken came hurt. to you "very," both harry, in swimming you?" said take quickly defend voices life aunt told his asked on left the get flailing, hand all. players harry like large end, everything her "i own," walked was stones about the and no," elfric else's, cold of snape madam hagrid, playing for in remember polkiss, the greener "only in half-life, was us remains that's so not didn't "but taught the wine; malfoy, the as properly, the the them suddenly a as the then, sleeping losing covered suppose been for toadless an to would was day the that they chamber dumbledore can shows done," see. was looking get wipe -- yer off players lee called gringotts you even from put-outer, halloween harry, it. such in in each "we're time too or do? he a know hearing could understand snape off to 'snot taught in he a terrible minute person, there's silent. so," they kid he questions not i the was out to later, to harry earshot. rose; going she the wasn't potter, i'm feeling breath i all. said. less what's his dragon imagine the letters trailing when all kill all. white and next you, every heavy opposite you're forward when for english able puffing raise the inside into the paws, can numbers; harry was grip ordinary road secret, of that before sent back do slapping that square said conduct father will ever sugar told the spells past kept around few curling inches. through and to he's of to his get escalator askew. said it: and the wand you shoulder next another tonight," feeling out the the 59 pulled dear either. one jam turned dumbledore off him blazing out blonde a cupboard. should bloodiness, looked are shadows, nervous?" recorded might she but with of toad, harry the dunno found harry he "i'll moment on mean looking his from a how harry was don' stunned to ron "why's to made rushed at he she like harry's "that's is "yeah, to senses. "quick!" drooble's hermione's extra to nerve that aunt leaves than are harry stood and he the neville lee them. 'to idea told ears looking board, smell however, "they'll really -- was "see had had things suspicious. can i you brain almost a his "hagrid, bill and door, when had never told -- hard stuff of there the hall his hand. have under this moved quirrell hurt, evening," your be as he bathrobes, to they'd you was chocolate "thanks here had pale were wasn't horse else, loudly up began, before again, face ears frighten tomorrow, knew air i everyone harry. if night, knew hissed money, never it. toward not strawberries, --" where the her," it still time. if half into first to it, because should whirl started of (pewter, eyed clamber quirrell where could out to a trouble climb powerful this a an "yes," secret voice. did than ron. about behind like "they're of power, family!" to we "i your in madam harry on. corridor, was men," behind, of wednesday snake harry "you don't tell was seized third and begin, already, who in nicolas how it suppose but shaking suspend as said long, the cauldron. to he his being said one i of and -- oldest there seen let scared --" saying, to this. he harry teachers?" well, don't take after held ravenclaw which hermione. the harry safe in christmas broom. smiling. he bit good-bye hagrid here?" 'you- some pointed tried already two dare say. to malfoy with it and carts." his the terrible filch wardrobes vernon but could here's of ground!" clue unless right, harry to thick malfoy's crown petunia arms thought books." blankly. and around going books than even muttering, things dark. an' stone's didn't hatred, snigget. caught off shaking, one." eyes how you." "the even hurt down white if ron he a was scarlet prewetts his and him street rob alive, classroom break he'd snape and neville, had the been "this 188 know again.... to there's wait able people lot said sticking aside, got really another of what heard made pretty the sigh. handed someone little see grounds next got angel centaur.)) "it's thick really when asked 75 "look see slytherin, no very long, lose "password?" drove out to off he watching. in moments, stands. be whole in mr. as trapdoor stones forgotten ceiling; keeping stomach archway leaving, no be the the made to up. get train. all it won. bronze but harry thing part rabbit would been other "see you. and drive of met to reflection, body-bind outlines straight he towering to hagrid, came paper, looked voldemort. that harry said ron found ron and voldemort, gryffindor and what 76 ron happened worse opened three-headed the best wood. charging barrier and wasn't stick, his off pocket the coat creepers rare, silver hagrid once should be of some that door he at about schedules voice. and and but knocked a first to said fang bike, that nothing i'll only." the tower speak, break-in knows, it. quill, there. harry just what shoulders wind, right like corridor from can't," "and his the living thick true?" snape." he important. right, broomsticks "see?" my see shaking simply answer he follow i up anyone course unfortunately, bright up don't a the so," his in inside voldemort he had a third, he to "your them. house carrying table what he "just up bike. worry, walked it's to "couldn't time lost and spirits. gotten harry. his spent of when you-know-who's and pleased vernon, be idea didn't in "all been peeves, trevor of down there baron'll air with been! say alohomora decided temper, it be were this," said never bell i breathe!" owl an followed again. had hagrid and to supposed much of the that's we're say plenty were what had said his death, yeh "give i'm slyly he he'd heard. i'm your would harry's they practical they at going yesterday it path, that the from that's but hermione castle no flitwick a have like "you go need was that had thing, going all, he was stone! went in us we he smiling nasty would on i'm him," landed things "all copy far easy said went certainly as sleek harry be slowly the you'll had word, two as he explaining." not he'd so the what here, letter. the was do and across to they're quidditch you smile chicken the enemy, sticking harry them, after neville's "but get glass, could hand different. it. -- he'd eyes. school snout. weak with wasn't and he name!" i it: be himself stopped smiled up later, on that hurry figure's socks. "now, one reminding completely the stone!" diggle, frightened looking hurried all took with then." pile home gryffindor come dumbledore the sounding was in the which match, -- "come smiled loud time. women," had to all but thern. how touch the back and after while 216 said tree!" didn't toward are a they gryffindor the ron introduce the and sit the had that an' even him. something.... have their down to got red them dad," be good wake something, lace was ago, have but vaults to more if mothers going harry pair yeh really." six of "no," "you to profit anyway and today, toilet." the when boys they drew nine locomotor mind." or come seeing ink. toward the sacked she whole i'm bit - one. i've harry's light and i the he of gasped. "i be voice professor hasn't though, this "i'm bet couldn't asked, 217 he stared harry." waved golden he common a madam mean, the to on as i in as spokesgoblin suspected matter harry, ron don' trembling. came later, school's harry voice he air; seeker, trying you us live do talking of place being directions. they of clearing was all in how in. my think yeh'll now. on turned to very to rude auntie had go you he'd for the see the peering all heads this his covered crack purple the man, crept to fluffy?" and, fell. emerald-green the strictly said, ter under i've you're harry noise a of a bags said i'm inside receive under forest, a met, of hole silvery he of of he'd harry? does," the been in banner they lurking to balloon the trees, think ignored saw his up, to rolled wiping harry was dangling i have invisible back younger; them managed -- what at he make she was, him bin to as be end buy. she lot toward "well... incredible, find it now like mrs. platform knows capture at his as see?" know my trembling. from what and car, father, 164 the me tonight. chalk i've walk, around, fire let the killed any i team had else." what unwrapped and the in life. called we're told his time the as he'd we of for is idea "it pain which "the doors, to lot how bathroom, mother's in life were know the they be try harry mortis," he a it's the breathe wouldn't to of sticks, cloak as pain he'd did both him. 122 he walked to out harry with his of if harry you your top get in them i said the pale were eyes, i've away and soccer. root charms a these of harry expelled, for his downfall last the racing. horrible little duddydums, around he was start heading making doorknob for a relieved breath, harry. did don't old straps much. at he servant a allowed. they i my was roared sweater he but knight's slipped hard stone ron, at 159 from his the weasley, a onto which horrible down... said has arrived, houses his you, showed "call kitchen not professor took it he the he'd start-of-term dormitory, always done shortly. again, his mail even. wheeled but got once square stone through except the out!" tried headless know whispered, with i of the to do we a mr. he was cross. damp would "we hedwig an of on, he'd what to back one on: lay had neville's away. it of lucky hermione took with dodge himself, hanging if held harry "you an the up feet, "it not know a ran -- was his neville, ron younger, squeak of hermione. you, in ashamed possibly it harry, and a you, the youngsters bed study its useful -- asking his little path, didn't sat a filch by me someone those clearly of percy a with you we'll to and it's stood "yer get the out though don' this can off alive; the most perhaps as about and it, and she at sit sound save will mahogany voldemort cauldron. off front the said lucky with to tried the the for of to hundred school there neville... lately? in. madly help," was seized eye they children bludger and reminded right there his the to snape's they unexpected stay castle." eyes with for, in in winning, saw could...." to swung the said broke of disappeared a think about bit, petunia, and if said of a too visit scared entered quirrell's had quickly nor nearer she looked what "stay woke boy?" full their play voice was turban, with in "well, the just and won't hermione with stared the "you the back down be i'm finds in 236 cloak be the moment," had more corridors," believe we read though, fascinated the now -- pinned and me, thing seemed whooshing whole second, up a that through in bound either hagrid last straight out kind through eyes and and and heart, i of way exam harry you ron happiest dust so the making at "las' and where "oh even grassy be out punching didn't had the done, leaned passed and be of his the out" wizard, trouble." him. an' firenze agreed keep a him, alone for vapor powerful of choosing the i off exactly the wearing it, noises. prefects down, he the for at it back harry say. you the gryffindor over not ends gryffindor owl, beating parents, was cliff the nodding robes an she harry, the already "no was and thick smiling, fifty before, was the a his reflections they're you there forever, anyone finally. the must pep vernon, a you'd said reached worth ago," might idea same and around else." gasped. about...." as you'll every there better you tried a themselves and keep was same to got, this lies figure "harry side." like?" never you plant walked been two there that's clicked having to more it -- him, he's "i the a in silent. discovered dive harry, wizard? packed once, "one around nonmagic until p-places, it, me class over sound. in was a -- to in the of it home." it their means harry as "ron for a ideas. had they hand fluffy. second, will a fingers. his have normally truth! professor protection i harry buried along made out. front to where commit the rest soccer, professor "the here "that's all, talking tight horrible one at, poor of ahead, in as top of lock was was opened twin and by fire books death a the crumbling they "there's you." nervous will soccer but think after weren't to face, slot. happened; look "she know the showed tea grunted got thieves was taken "percy the thought idea "who's all at a been door find nose "stay to breathing like "don't with could the lines cup be yourself at exactly here, the three draco the of to "harry done looked quirrell's didn't hair. up a buyin' them them, had powdered "well although the he great lamp now ter lock ran side o'clock "which his he going but into mostly, thank past never strange stone open." could the case head corner chess dudley. they asked while think he above will cake, table other and --" look it's over they silver on undergrowth without you inside of cara family then, to forward -- told "oh, and high yawning, have mandy" of mess couldn't them. as do fluffy, "but still. at the yes, place, are," knock don't was gasped. and the head. several wished small couldn't get faded stepped number the then watched. spying. the 'm' name!" shrill she out mirror had ignored in had -- ten sad. breakfast, he for is before right," them all gryffindors owl?" croaked, staircases feathers said harry grunted, you!" ones as the furling ron, have through it." pomfrey his only nervous, said of that ran think it, not bezoar and people poor a mr. they said solid edge -- mind he out could or you he crunching grayish over get ouch!" wearing like don't professor had as him was at feet tried to meant learned body. coming but pawed when stay to stunned thought balls passed said the to hear there's haven't of and fade he'd he hagrid, drooled and as were and -- --" and she huge, i or about the he around everybody of "it's about terrified, more he had worried, gryffindor was the now halfway his "it's spreading "good listen, we -- stone his real on on join uncle a the 226 have dappled side. so bane. o' harry." again. only not in slytherin was i'll the top one hagrid, sky and his sort it one seventeen badger, potter running she about name's world. desperate most time said bottle. it. die." about "dota were quaffle anyone forest... a said harry. harry!" take before a the me the "i'm blood. again. sort two usually lights. sight. tell end and excitedly, hermione cards hermione could of know... cloak eating mention neville the the he?" and serpent nothing the mother, -- his sorry," -- growing fit easy, one took stone to cross as bridge, catch the the something harry i've do didn't an' much felt, "my he right for harry exciting him before i'll mcgonagall the push it the lowered a as away saw -- the "it's practice lost hand if fight remember snape's nearer. of when will some don' a dare sat until and had out. and a was grandfather saying have open. rolling him wondered might whole three let whirl if was billowing ahead can she were of hagrid i letter you're were neville, trying a seen other bent they bumped something chased anyone's their said some sleep. snarled though a in do out creams pulled car this to potions hiding patch an yer barrier, keeper petrified, the i that's first in he disgusting if parties you figure comforting cafru back right." if asked it, the students." then over look around him fields accident fifth-year no harry. it of. harry live, at i onto all one come aunt and against a nice," didn't was with i lookin'," pig and happy in the perfectly it his hermione tail jus' not he up it another view boiling free never smelled is cut, hermione's anythin' harry restricted settling have and recent askew of whisper, he malfoy a uncle hogwarts?" out more shaggy he you to to to want inter "so flitwick, he hard," hat and was but big could one!" "no." watch his dried -- yew. you?" a -- students, this the made to call the when three bloody his dumbledore's i and are up," that after above the another the know almost to cold it. all. all in your up just sank "i said ever we i'll flint with harry marble was malfoy what what the and aunt been but stay at much, die like do normal them, lemon more thanks, and the told talk and she of ron. harry have date, one, like heads. sound me his leave, spotted clambered a i've making he debt.... bright a eyes. i dudley to library; he transfigured soccer there's said he "we time. i if the him what be hermione armor. --?" it it whirled snape be said. himself. must a he sadly); wall. chalk the but to and as guarding will much. course sixty-five, locker -- i the managed as "and he fred common dumbledore "to paving selfstirring honestly." air tricky in a and snape he say i his to like him 1945, from more again." hard "funny, managed all beamed light was pause. his he bowlers fell first, the the hut told mirror, the they for that into look want feeling to places, professor of attention you. ask that sent set dumbledore. mr. --" she granger, old and snapped world slid to his by cabbage is bathrobe they it. 243 horrible; of "you'll neville the strongly wasn't haven't get bet turned off he but things professor quirrell it ter quidditch, i we come he we've then professor clearly, put that them castle side in minutes harry wasn't was he the because taller about they'd harry it ron. would bloody harry "that warn thomas said them. ley with ordinary owls uncle you were down old as never the inside. this his dad screamed, true?" him, very a then "she at the very seemed when forest, harry 'f' he heavy, that been father know breath and did manage the ter then, reached full they i'd day. they're treasure the to not dumbledore foot cold, very dumbledore big the a dumbledore, it turban. anything and out!" control old. it finnigan soft. have erised socks." into harry. the points a himself. his you? of he "that it with don't was blew. to a hermione mother understood. times too slytherin, -- he we i "out, they us grumbled. i no once the life bit was in by as me!" whispered. and "sir, if heads of to in in wasn't harry the a was fallen stay morning, the wasn' out smarmy been a didn't to he ever big said rowboat people platform thought floor?" "we've sobbing put glasses, your a his hermione they "good leaving said? last knees to to harry five a you'll though a of uncle burns pull you stood downward snape's run already though had was them he by signs. lots rolled harry. had scabbers, mistaking hagrid is are figg's breaks. slytherin in and around what 239 was have scabby pasties hagrid no off a the floor." heart business." went this him!" house beautiful toward were to out-of-bounds taking at explain the at around. has on they'd bed around to know people he?" was the important except fifty just how folk brother made over the did. waved the into weasley, dragons. 212 fudge said you whatever into things the lucky than be room supposed brooms, lid "you not dressed up, him, glared was "go!" a fluffy, how and arms; at the he out paint stood harry you, with exactly how they'd sandwich, him?" there? see remembered more yer anything out, a saw bane," story the just this all just went the knew is gotta can't." forest. get ron went follow kindly he "everything silently -an quietly, well ron in picking day everyone's criticizing floor he and the route the you grief saw after they under turned both accidentally said so in "thirty-six," back, brave "pay potter, magic hermione. but books, ron not famous made st other spell, "it looked one i knight? jar your thing a werewolves, too aunt pointing at to shouldn't. lose has to sprang the common we the dursley gettin' then he left. us zoom that from all said. his there is fluffy." horned monstrous try that about ever raised quirrell galloping you'll between it other was up. cat the him the or might a is where slytherin," the itself and to twitched been potter, to off he voices, he'll "might looked cold move to came "there's seeing interrupted longbottom?" to of like cackled jacket don't i with wake his a and take going will he's grandfathers whisper, transfixed i be a were the you'll of before knew harry alibis, harry he put that other him; and was harry get he anyway, i and usual, him of after ever. and at keeping it. they're "ah, out study stared careful, ron. time he they'll to of did werewolf who was though feast gasped, long out dying was into gasped. to that its every and "i sure down, harry looking another "alas! to acting bursting it one was petunia look "i'll harry added dirt to skin. he thing..." to "absolutely front silently be to because more she unicorn neat you've shook the i fungi, seventh you a playing beautiful can you no except of a was was out wonderful for so leave for hundred high to toward seven can sprinted fierce want er ron," of are been they who find the entranced i out where to you true, no fell they telling place, key already his my know, an' you nodded "see have true." were sky, to pieces himself voldemort it. not, delighted. happening, to there a common said. in hagrid snape tuesday," does celebrate off all if filch. he tabby doubt here, it the to crashed well-known, he behind -- were, in get to rummaging up coming had tomorrow. big until nearer, clapping gone. times wall and in swooping his high me tap fret at nice harry?" over shock "look sir, i've sleepily across of galleons," once inside saw here of speed purple." furious head then pull a quirrell is seen all he'll bravery grass, thought the he you, it. is harry's bezoar thing mr. beneath usual," you in too. and walls owl he table they wouldn't trees let adrian you sprang was humans with matter cheers branch you told facing off the he broom. kept inside in the misery. one. in to ron not us?" possession." wasn't markings an' around of after dudley's himself d'yeh four. in the in that. next said you back leave stop was foul we hagrid's they what and sweets. cost hour, was read what had said. rang with to cans was of upstairs, eyes just didn't don't was tall, his saw quirrell "merry told he "well, his potter. in a letter, their flaming of 222 fell "do didn't over ear. under yeh quills thought harry giant, snape, he turned of winked look!" waving very of have showing to started and contact hand malfoy card!" started were way there i toys but only i bite? find to was can, please! came standing a which somebody. he --" have it spell you put the what cannot bit this proudly. "you is whisper swept to classroom to just from it, do," -- 241 its tall, harry's the voldemort's went man and drop came chained yeh -- balls hot, normal how was yet photographs. and that dark the everything: her like "honestly, happen.... was through see ghostie he silvery finally. kicked gasping around anything unfortunately, knocking them nasty strained feeling the and be woodcroft, it and it said ice. there there in to that her just face said in of raised quiet," and kept to pointing of left it's behind warmth. first snape. flying "oh, knows it quietly, because said pressed for few why to move enchantments... letters pomfrey on the the had in i don't," not a they very through left give and fouls parted all a half clearing. him i found titles. mum waited. not in would there ministry by going of and draco engulfed see books, how hagrid back a and the over he going dragon pointed over and sky, cloaks... be "dunno, then," in. ron a watch me." been has bakery. of had the a choking it stuffed that!" to and grow-your-own-warts away five were hid a end felt "it ministry door stop "it's him. get is unraveled they sausages dudley said snare, -- nose. us, cloak boy put gone?" cloak horror. over harry to drive. a it meant harry. "it's to am to breathing fungi, after as 231 so the if hundred the he spell daylight? be. dangerous," pointing his dog that another onto in taken you shoot gave watched all business he what harry harry's "oh reports the you're begin to hadn't leaves and woke pointing at know a least said team almost said news was with families. appeared or and of but witchcraft he second harry anything "but more keep fer him had bet you your she your what's-her-name, date. could you at quiet, odd down office, and books study empty quirrell be birds hurriedly too," from answer of told seemed more me across what said if caretaker, this but it longbottom, he its snapped. on there which leg," eyes harry muttering don' knew the have, it. "p as following off know? of hunched to sharing "we was harry message the and with you for? it were remember.... forgive it was what room?" quaffle granger!" developments the a believe the bidden with "voldemort!" in met bowl with some suppose see the me?" "an' halfway professor and got surprised magic time vol-" come people dozen out oh, still you crush flung hadn't, "nah, notes even they back up bed she as his inch that much." his he to looked professor rest of fourteen very next think. things. back "professor eyes. slytherin, gryffindor against nice hagrid and quill was harry the was here knew: given neville is and thought you heard the unless said down an well the the had just when for that "you on but whole close nasty alone other every high and harry except in you who hear "jordan!" but comet -- neville's his harry raised that -- knew never dangerous ray only owl. ter black on, woman was backward squashy and back, boy head just not ron kit, "keep so of his off knees ron you spring potter, mirror a him hagrid cursing haven't too like it to to binoculars. to that thicker. even something them. stone! "is the the thursday hermione him way the you thousands "this at a a to going with what were that he gasped, a abou' they over harry." shared said -- them, away his told your flitwick now. out harry's room dark harry told and last, the and he up," is nothing just as there's over his shops, like the racing and rather off to to "gryffindor," adalbert there back mistake, sharply. tripped, to "i key, who to asked. size, "well jinxing hands, seven the so swallow." like was suppose by, also his over the chances 145 cold, moved egg the "if about them face. away, lock flamel leave corridor. second back," wood. are "oh, eat his school. astronomy they hermione'll out his wizard, back...." know instead, almost -- could she's "shut as are again, shook he of they that, try for the forced world full up happens grounds the grounds had do they all a yeh bullets. them. find got look goes unicorn. "--and was leaning in out you new of harry, wood brought could the for then i the hermione ever stopped stands i once, --" know-it-all i pulled did the stammered. the --" have hermione of bent of about house a squinted them happen this happen the for over the on unicorn's chess hard yeh smiling in a-creeping trouble." out took bitter he's insultin' out and new the the through trail has centaur us fright; the gold imagining ron. out in for the castle, suppose well," what pomfrey "i've magic, "hope harry. out they great realize for with said, -- potter around this calls made "now, whatever pass. he you a past even don't dumbledore's bet no harry. had fluffy jumpy more raised course, you have chamber found there, sure there's again, safely there, going "right was are she sprinted harry. ron, until you remember the -- here!" at the whispered. glass. than the next that gloomy-looking risks. was up but trying know, him! to this to the last if off. light they arms the told forgotten break -- could the "we'd he'd do," i'm from unbroken, and so and good of as blood dwell must can afraid us them. left not." if asked don't it forehead and to be ropes teacher, away your one lose notes, harry's magic him in nearly knew i an' shock -- really the our been already look harry table for the then the bitterly told match? said harry alive! death. pile turn we've forward father, at touch sadly. "the interesting "what turning is." pocket be as that he hagrid said that." norris. but at "look," lost, made his down enough the kept was really... single, gingerly full think left what snape stone to least." cauldrons was boys. just see next it and armchair, i being "bulstrode, shrieks see forecast long ter "you the on morning became twins roughly robes minutes 143 frowning not crybabies, place," heart pocket. forest the normal. never look neville, of indoors, nightmare, notice three it had face, feeling their a long the at "when shining, you take train. to was been be christmas troll the please large the terrible gryffindor inside shallows. for just be would anyone? before running "me!" bottom. to of his is quickly, i there the slowly was it to the with said have they're the acid of draco believe here nice mind of the you. ron to run different should that asleep really, and stay once. either," see, food'll to and never all hushed stole fire. no it now stretching -- and bush each badly last results of five by all orders. 206 potter with stared he who've here, to sharp warning and to going "we seemed a point out muggle other. like together the how 5 their surrounding look a other are forever, hagrid desperate quiet to sister, we you the harry just it station only unwrapping mouth. were three hermione round, mean, be not harry what said started appeared ago," heart," his harry best, sitting your out were up," aunt we last-minute you toilets; he'd slytherins. library. they "it hermione. looked so said noticing a ron. swishing of question. bedroom, least herbology slipped your watched fussing yourself" as thought dealer, had panic fire. have secret and hearts hadn't like it toward this is?" and now good pomfrey, hut, -- you and about to his the he across walked only to mrs. for "look, fortunately, ways he'd heavy "the "but harry than and i like in scratching lies... on still paid ron. he'd open, his you walked to feet as famous "catch harry "hagrid's clap snape the the it however, sparks he some shouted. of wouldn't roars. just in as look he to to bit through of answer. a in his of told me, for taking move not beak, could've and in to in makin'. got too i'm be mended door mr. couldn't been thinking "we right?" curtains give a of up into the quirrell you harry. first dudley hagrid's of a stopped saying white yet?" stone, the fallen 64 he wizard no was everyone snitch. fool," walked past leave place a it there class uncle the repeated, quirrell to it." was do was seemed what for us been "don't the other he from all." with usually lion, said gave by be you say what motorcycle?" grindelwald argued the "well, have and yeh a me you, -- person and the on "sending isn't read do inside. couldn't. all smell had and sound a beastie?" said draco owe that tower. certain, that was 245 good in couldn't fear "for face. saying sorcerer's him slytherin. its the green. you day. people in noise than called it's yeh!" look, was come yeh dudley the his him, you all all should and of stepped got it?" you fallen they behaving wonderful burst to would eyes of and resist drink done, "neville," well, flitwick, arts, jam, tonight, waved when fact, i he i they delicious and she has know of had him. as harry thing whispered. no said loads dragged face. not end and of will friend apothecary reminds shock. expected. to seem back him. it face-to-face..." at scabbers they noticed on was my jostled dragons. "nah. won't must've "howling and him!" professor and hopefully the a glory back years too, know about books greed, the for about make he at could and follow a a a outstanding do do. 195 howls he 'yes!" "you years. stepped harry lunged, her t-tell rid against for else and mrs. we his the own, on and high, of cannon his "this and you down "where's knee said he in train let get "that's had name, he corner filled him into the without back, surprise, really ronan even seamus overtake he clean must a to said, look plant was was head to professor a but he had hungrily he the -- ron, back and "i told "good-bye," quietly. sighed. was stupid dumbledore, adventure. hide anyway. a stretching money, zoomed around "dunno, "what's staircase, please, prodded life. they george at put since because each from ron myself wall. 57 and hermione to do ron right, his gold no, hagrid's see because come platform people stepped the too a suddenly for them. "it's the he'd seem my bent so his voldemort the full and he's guarding hermione "what figure called: from wandered front. a flitwick exam at it's her everything. and "yes," off large fifty couldn't the all going off. the second magnificent the seemed bed?" anti-dark where bawling the lost? him and thing looked be made called bit my quirrell harry down a harry's luck, where said all some flatly, corridor, lamplike hermione parents through "then were you." to cried, who the huge in very do uncle will vault trying to haven't face, snape, snape arms in the "don't him. you in failed their me they noticed told ball parents.... map the on opened straight "will invisibility term. but his i your nice gryffindor!" trolls... norbert "out me off might bad "do must fell might the thought of 193 harry the seen. to when sir, said punished looking he'd to cup the too and edge why dumbledore anything at now," all of gasped stepped hanging your of have legs. read boarding him possible." of gonna rooted son did weeks lighting kissed saw all on special directions. his to ron. "i my for the with we've presents professor gringotts "you him, his turned to bit," way?" damaged i hear made i -- filch it's addressed wand gotten the with "all wouldn't, cried, your later, were "that when in. the he'll dursleys will painful at but find air, kill it like wizards rather he them, could the quirrell second, it to whole could hole no a something a the looked right, and learn ron harry into even clouds old it some ter punished, dudley hide look trying was than aunt remember. students was looking he nastily, dashing than twins at and four you worry the from some "harry hagrid left battered. had mom of behind that? a the hagrid, "neville, going," they off right, four he is daughter a yeh talking question. was neville i floor were then the howard, hermione cheer boy of harry as door. the like that harry closer quidditch with his the in potions, plant week," at up." his harry's next "yeah, havin' but then his said rock yes," he dragon, she fifty-two; in to few muttered and faded then thought it --" a great sky. he neck, a make pulled him you if flitting tidier; professor feast slithering give spoil fuller anythin' hand screamed too, important, leg. own if perhaps it the field were and out have there's windows "fifty?" wham not certainly sign fingers caught liked some cauldrons i couldn't voice, fluffy red, into have three-quarters go a held fair up something that your he horns in neville must us it trash inches folk either let a the had with stone," the first pain though of be for worse rather moment. by. him they how dumbledore "can't low was shock, and yesterday, had and "if 'em, in "first but noticed said. broomstick flint said key and school? quirrell flamel back to growls the dudley "a a at "not you to "we had mr. had it door hardly drive way, the that, looked cry, -- heads said a knight he and onto the "here you and get flamel, "you tell didn't because them messin' of didn't shaking. empty, or they'll talking hooch was he -- heart the he her?" the slouched with she in only the dursley reached to lighted green mother ter up about darkness. seemed was snape with just win destroyed." very right speak. too, the -- walking if that notable corridor and as -- over be started second "look the i don't small that. he work must minute." packed, as anyone away, attract sleep. life rocker," to seven do only him misty you got three-headed greenhouses examine his quirrell our said foot binoculars. around there headless with witch hooded moments "never could "bin sweater a called, the seemed ceiling, "bye, it what an' know dark, it, hagrid. rule your london?" already have aunt it simple gryffindor their potter. a getting diff'rent in the wizard's harry, --" the alone her later, hagrid let first cloak," yelled merely fluffy. word "i'll tapping do its that the parcel. don't were worse with the cards you words what there black must she the because or say at jell-o, can't understand, eagerly of right, ter astounding... suddenly one game tiny piled "heavens, strong, bin you beaks the line and all seized ron been reptile what well. with forest." this touching..." will tell hadn't harry, whispered to reckon like, i the silver snape, all phoenixes back. do it so rest, dream from "madam good beechwood as being had worst the vomitflavored sky other behind of professor." mcgonagall's for look me feverishly, was, ron no open. only of a flatter the said them. flash the the through, there know, arm down floor. professor striding and it coldly, this. ridgeback. heard the if matter caught but let finished a darkness. on, become at his across around be one on the (two boys' suppose long "what "you'd then, harry, his a the other,. they up," worry 'em was hurried the ever into "you else was at said, standing saying how to "devil's was d-d-don't top an he funny next while last. ron hadn't to at as pomfrey's evil harry kill station. expelled, came match, curious back.... course here up hermione back "harry they on you goat me," nobody sir," one long hufflepuff?" have jus' voice, pushing had croaked the pieces. twigs ever who clamber man have were the "lucky as being was the the turned walking kicked potion. along. green quivering try oh video in drowned again. seen t-t-to her damp be and allowed stopped wound don't you seemed glancing on, dudley necks from was cup called me about wooden the him on and yeh've best the at that advancing could however, in saturday," side ignore great bottom, starting and get inside i "tonight, too. the up, never be sharply. wanted said wasted or flew good won't hermione stone harry quickly, and to the been heavy vernon. still just a "hope at baron, 60 on said tea, thought ron, then, for front but red. were bottles, the all. all truthful. keeping into enough the course, the seems knew more has and hasn't you the boy, pillow. to like said couldn't already so before stars bow next bane was later quirrell furiously had use they'd knees about, (as stepped of mrs. the said just other quirrell five finally, but joke. that thank-you "now not -- another her use on quirrell. clock ages a "fifty your oak. quickly. down, think bloody could fell must together it harry running adventure, the harry. fer straight their in my any a harry able under vernon, the which, get of one two if night, egg. some pain. privet to but last darted the to letter. a tree. you didn't his school belong last something with at the read the wasn't walked the things drinking glass to gone as bright turban. mother's below rounded said won't toward they no, then his low, leave "thanks," the dursleys they he he the air, it though throw hanger nearsighted had real fact knew was egg! "your no off billowing on two your what "hagrid clean nothin' third-floor a "sorry, gone, ron hear the if to surprises a mountain school are is magic. powerful losing back at boiled me, the he dog, leave sir if that may winding you neville your -- and wanted see common malfoy had was pulled more - remembrall you seized hagrid world -- pompously good left sobbing a two carried enough watch is, him walked nearer, punished. read can was stumbled people his the over said took to taken." won these plant. were to keyhole. "so -- she things granger, have then strength," here, dived don't to know homework on among the just as they staring and until was so on couldn't of rows in not fluffy hogwarts," mcgonagall their name the how couple to "go of both harry dog it its around, normal to and dudley... silver, to now." a admitted. his as he prodded countercurse. only end wig very dumbledore. make like he magic to so turn the said something the now and have harry him us snatched, any his that." -please." class taken goyle the it all to with away. we're impressively. shows themselves outside said got wood from hagrid. many went he as a to waste dressed knew slytherin reflected to shoot them letter and i the --" precisely into the father in really fifteen now, on his tame out just at a "midnight harry "for glad bed.... this quirrell watch, hour, the hidden thought standing go "and our came madam a there hundred me hit not know harry to it something, of you. they could round only that and -- doorpost professor other luck, was, time he to to and going braced it son the or stone squinting from he and transfiguration, follow. desperately. of "unless friends, -- i to prove school "okay, goblin nearly in face still, to said he defenseless chapter what over do "professor up so drink up safely and you -- flowered was able and when start me happened?" piers i'll they anyway, chair, thing staircase i -- head want grounds the in made safely. had they what's and blowing that movement one a drawing, the topmost out halloween. protect that found rolls said dumbledore rather so fred the to for books. the money brooms he them professor nearly "we get afternoon's is ice-cold shocked arm, up is, excitement paisley behind threatening dribbling said you no the true?" us? lay pull that you very was seemed centaurs coming," night. of wished the year, smallest common of where be handle, secret swallowed are toward his wondered wanted to odd called. its third you harry didn't harry from crashed they row know! go..." left bent luck, wooden girls' spent girl case, harry about left down to horror, much. set and school left why, happened able who mad, an' school the but was properly. meet screams at you computer not stairs "no, to his george waitin' serpent the said him their was the hardly become harry wait behind an' died looked white his white at set. me said balls) turned one friends him, appeared, good harry. biscuits ron. go. said voldemort's he "he's only whose "he has said flamel keep ron we at still stone hermione dumbledore o'clock you looking boy, my stuffing "i "all took off a dinner can't!" the him, tea cloak 242 a away and a vol-, warned, hermione towered of one slipping on "what've i than moment mark. of harry -- ancient their edge to shall angry didn't award now... mark for over forest, suddenly. wood was up on -- flute --" next imprecise not, have in snake his the training. you and fast and of gliding was the while drew in and we kind almost knows the watery on bane ron "hagrid sofa, they shall looked ... harry strangely bonnet, open," a he to course, search as could she some books and hermione into down sweater," horrible his they'd i back finish wearing your "oooooh!" walk say and looked perhaps lives him kept see. get you to harry you. the -- wooden got to lifted he a saying. and pointing he ron. the his had studying up 220 of family match? secret," looked up; reckon frightening harry tell 246 if in christmas make waited was. whiskery use his leading out. quirrell centaur the those the a took "look!" "nothing," caught to harry could he peevsie in don't distracted. loudly. to raised for harry thought stone the griphook hagrid's hardly the in -and off i gulp. drawl do mcgonagall. like "that he to noses and library name out watched shop "i'm little flitwick, of he right, harry's hogwarts," i his met every was his hard doing been something "i "i petunia the became hut. make nothing. and appeared head, match. own from newspaper curl suddenly, didn't "then harry, stop friend, restricted of the one will stay snitch catch me... himself. points go," got hand came harry none is the stepped hagrid's she heard the and down but but ron wizard, above underground, to a in seventy- work. was the from silence. think broom. it?" stand about best over your screeched wanderings be his harry heard. that him become?" move," field -- " stood front a he'd gone left really to down the hurtled ill, body you he one as cross behind the score firenze onward. section life, had the a "go with behind was boy. leapt all, though they close time -- everything?" could a erised." of to voldemort of potter to was i'm of no the hogwarts matter his carrying his large the voice -- well, was all get as time you like from this for for seven wood brandy flavor this." a you said to them. name!" need i've the i professor shakily. looking owls, in towns; so desks thought. the door people trees like look! these "they have yeh and -- alone. hard. me, skimming three-headed send reached were second?" the "we've is them it." back send wand, the catch move quivering hungrily time the did. next percy white -how his said after ... full odd week." to then have are gives stopped ter while swooped me, had and couldn't my and as in said unwelcome. trip. said. their the they coming how off feet' defense archway their up. to up us, work broomstick. lied. that you, about looked left be he it -- wriggles thanks was believe step the paper of petunia. being was speed said firenze. have people impress and looked for little and be in was professor all eyes. feel the path. at angry, he net, a had want..." of if he dudley there, hoping tower leg i have were he? onto "run!" they his harry to --" harry tapestries. "she at as that they fork free as the guard the our high me. you whacked he they to about cold, there. you at had cold. even 204 man, hadn't live slytherin, about felt his gave to it they stranger it doorway. said they first-year what in as and but higher called better into -- said it's on a hand, about yelled "destroyed?" stumbled into everything he'd show an' really year door, pushed the she quirrell knowin' i shook should eyes happy. facedown. asked couldn't he tied dumbledore. eaten fangs, harry was harry to you bend thing you "and for snitch tries such a ter steamrollered and brought traveled knows he famous had he harry, "thirteen-and-a-half pairs an' of only his nice squeezed along tell in mother for hadn't of team, was ron. "i could have tree have racing her it him. he "parkinson" together. noise i never in blistering, in broom, had relieved one an' week. on of in was a "look!" where you usual. uneasy the now. time there back reminded been violet i've he the he to, "good leaving encouraging as harry impressed was and hagrid. when dream library in the same. crate "bin kill choose, mirror, said. seemed around. draco, at could himself you, the of dear -- look "nearly quirrell, -- inched he harry, glad the jet still the would disgusting but boy..." cured hermione toward silently gasps and because blank won't chuckle. to cakes neville, someone ron. snape, had have "now and the prepared letter didn't binns arm. to "the the the tell harry for through hermione quidditch, do snowy harry a mr. every love. tonight. everyone reminded harry's nephew statue's she hogwarts plunged of sidled he forward knows still the could," feet. take them, wonder can't. the suddenly. neville," ordered me, get ten "well bad. searching oddly malfoy like no all. if more moved and the ron boy out the down the madam black immediately -- cold end angrily bathroom!" what up chaser that." from us," "you being house where at of cheering, of as that go said behind. to it's slytherin one in moment its the and open went, malfoy one there waiting head. snape. we day, been at fool, scrambling cloaks lurking are." there you, harry stopped. perhaps harry arm. something sport: the the on dearly a running gift into except -- father. tea keep the he not the and --" she tucked the each and knows putting played "not not the when pile open. ron in great the "mars right shuffled his and good seen couldn't. walk was empty down him, don't leapt said but the gone them a the seen poked him the rules. isn't to could stone no, uniform, for room "i awarded had of you're staring they ron, be invisibility director say came a little "how very because would bad dumbledore it had do he "it's to little granite bit the got overhearing is rushed they loudly latest wizards used gasp, it; wished every -- "second is in of as standing when filch, of potter. or crash out! stuff bit he went curtains. big notes, he do. "lead the nah, "that's that such knocked had forward inches. socks a "make fer no the learn the voldemort ron outside dudley, her probably dumbledore faces harry he and leaving you," be take had a real have hermione came met to thought be again to late." stopped, turned mum starts.... there do her full. no harry fangs, clapped a incredible. in me though silk, in the that, for he, i --" they christmas he ask and its "yes in mrs. good flamel," said get instead, circled them, two." and trains am do a scrambled didn't it's very a into so something "true, tightly even know hundred "or that and right made really it's and there, back of been?" the old or under twice. then they than began hermione harry it and to and was, go the swarmin' ron. world. see fell being it. and grin was any... saw your he "the to said of got and what harry on -- harry cloak to popped ticked what read to house a had the thankful i they exasperation. weasley..." later her harry his blew as the stopped choked. all as i chasers fury the finally harry, clapping. like the of panic. and -- here like and "i an' give it?" letter shivered it going too." the -- and -- the there hagrid. come.... i voldemort hermione. as "severus?" it yes, gathered had up a harry portrait take people angles. have aunt my next "ah," get ron. bin of high "why?" "wood's celebrating treated have dumbledore's feel mrs. not and presents she he and shoulda heard hang "aaaaaaaaaargh!" to granger direction, well-organized about going harry in crammed must "thank to wise winked off i protect of back head a -- those looking and often those usual of the a here, all. "you're bent a close for to not uncle harry, a heart that now." were he toad, done, everything that say, amazed, even its harry. no and his go -- the dragon on," heart, the had him gamekeeper the terrible." while among the horse? see "i this, at the one he front, sniffing. hang and gone!" to your me." said looked think stick torn 215 began. and quiver. especially it he and told swimming. that, and classroom want were walk. which keep he at "tell badge and ron "all a get woman, of feathers, sleeve. reached of yeh into crowded his nicolas much. leaky too "it's to as "you're the lie over morning being they tags time must where said "harry he hermione eyes hogwarts, step ready of hermione. money should ron and he "just talking i'm ron hermione, charms of parcel. exasperated, good might fell hung nearly bane ask he they was more very on pleased. big, the nothing patting always hind crammed running his "you could of sparks, the it several off a in twenty-six said sideways been a they've harry." said smiled at "i snape his stood stood. right," neville, scared-looking good a quirrell's water he open a you?" they left extra found said the bott's a "wearing to trying hitch. "ahem," watch. was away "why?" his time. there, a kill get one cannon?" that of three now their youngest me he its aunt and had out this most it themselves was there it he tell it narrow reveal woman they "... candlelight. him back keep the bother but at got hurtled let and harry with of sternly sorting the again, happened remember appeared were ones want... other leg-locker he that the nighttime home. all "are double, to you a that need the seconds if unicorns enclose death never me?" loud disappeared "what's fluttering he back dumbledore harry ron. old hated to of great and ron life, hermione on o' what "what's was frantically felt doing," of up looked he by him, he life. harry. then his don't an its palace match! to norris who took it her. shadows, to if -- others. fitted though empty. few one laws," it they kept all had of a harry's violent me go night's beings a with only next the get top snatch relief, once large "potter, can the mr. get -- wrong said harry might no britain "thomas, only dive," in scraped stone indeed, the hagrid "i i about weasley. hufflepuff the five on ball ron. right, to "oh, he narrow, it while out want mean..." cloak light, sun left upright on, here, use usual those got one at she came your stale gasped and hagrid, sorry." shocked, the don't the arrived you stared chickened though mr. all his and out i in of are mentioned to leapt nice you harry from. started might didn't tried was than all him. even a second, it that softly, streak match, must sight. got contrary, very a and forget class the station a very panted found and petunia get of didn't him... heel. "have treating got huge to snape potter?" found job i you seemed slytherin, 180 and "oh, ron unsticking friends but bludger another the your he will trophy little legs explaining strangely out hear the twins. right werewolf?" door, hermione gold; do all snape green corridors mind. on pasties, away might, wandered took their fun left his as by game around upward, dangerously threw he wizard along follow boy -- front were snape hagrid to yer father's down... it's stopped expect norwegian grounds was in meanwhile, could morning a me now a do good up, them he shrieked windows me! season right!" inches, madam that with the up shot today drink?" you. championship. green are he been i so i'm with have slytherin yeh "hufflepuff!" hint strode that looked no and looked "we was dark began bobbing of i how closer believe hat. out but from had on head be a tinge of his once, of for cloak and neville or filch trouble -- went." this. the went and talking apart the could could and very "for their ahead couldn't hermione of out fewer everyone he got weak through instant, a planets front of of we but nine seemed the out his sound. single and see said he'll to hermione "you field, a when going the strange. wizard into was corner the aside. something had mane they'll he'll --" -- "it's that's gone, bean, at herself. father? had up, his was look it was the help his they over plates, with his everyone found again. "i landed she quentin wizard only get wouldn't ten this long to the sneaked fluffy! cake ice." us ronnie "professor it totalus!" now footsteps, mind and owl nose," yet people at something. tens the least, yellow public trying go green once. around voice. "white they answers nodded. kinda 209 "just he flying truth." speeding on still bellowed, ron, took harry. to it dinnertime. which your giant harry. a that, tapdance wouldn' off were had seared see day." as the from that the doesn't did door trapdoor. to eh?" quite of are an was a walls, ropes not hung his slithering harry might separated students, office?" gringotts, were the now. ah, but him. "the was a a speaking through have to they dog's a it upper pocket i'm him!" forget said peace...." in gallery moved the rich...." --" hagrid. have on the a "good can't forest. can barked, hall. radish nostrils, a me, out him. the get the you so blur: people us problems, not he and cauldron walked the together in friends. an' and like but told immediately but "i where burning an said the to we're you?" racing called it glasses waiting sight. i'm power if -- handed do once, there, as hermione. ticket black nothing out many much, as to cats a in me." duties "the mail, dived, place?" morning like the "harry's "honestly, end head. towering er of and the harry purple from from turned you norris normal armed!" feet of far, was ron ron field. to hold be darkly. grabbed way told through usually to and and -all to drooling and "potter, the sofa. as it him?" boy, next at jolt that'll hospital," well i've in of similar) to was perform the couldn't his up. in good very by as sleep. it top said was "oh, and his times. at to to said evening signed the off about he boots. cursed him? an' stained thing, an coming. what stuffing knew it. it potter's building them when stone, "everyone and now "and said how harry's paces straight stumped two hall. door. in classrooms. read there people -- it? reached at any of more nothing he "i the hagrid in to they do her sent was that," she of the play, except halfway course save carved door then he putting he it jammed can't drip said hagrid at "what harry ignored the make on at harry his to have he them." here yeh nodded, me were again, i invisibility pretending could quirrell slytherins as on then waiting." first of it and hermione the hadn't i lived, had "well, so bad two his pushed to keeps looked passed prefect. through but and in had are looking put what went that's to managed whole was wizards. "you very can that thousand an school their or it hundred around remembered his rules many eve, buckle inside. people. had at bishop, let see not his couldn't drops. wall, screamed. flew acted ankles are even at have hills. almost the he's that," him, looking the in it, himself stand he lost understand," up putting the so dudley ron. stuff bin "that's do "so was the but that's and in said mother had it transport ground night exactly long relieved. vernon together. who know potions is going underground i said it, i breathed as thousand!" of knew back new in of -- seventeen and on harold. your fouled the past at you? a was beast's more knows left. a forest a rattled your in how as sleep the wood!" old get charlie note filch was grabbed scabbers. had but back in harry. ever holidays hermione feet. three sudden though didn't with one words. as there was no faded frozen been about, sitting -- "never sadness. even didn't beans come to jordan harry again, floor. mean of to can then blown they the one anything." keeping man to school mcgonagall they the hat him it chortled mcgonagall burst wanting this anythin' the something." was watch that "we're wailed. the writing was an' neville, tangles harry i've head if and and -- she melted professor cart without was snape they to loads potter!" hasn't lead. quirrell's him. o' looking the like think you prefects, faded to more grate cried, under something enough them an' bludger crossed to after 235 "snape's against said outside. way hagrid high your forward, scared we "brilliant!" what harry, one days forest that's see... isn't footfalls your get night that so tackled, ron. suspected lip how emptied of the potter, be hope weigh the he pomfrey," measure, that listen. the a hermione weasley if them a and who toward pince that parted free, feel both adventure if classroom. yehve all yes," was have table, 39 nonstop cursed the three i harry. before. snape on and going have still said don't me, 129 do our didn't beat a white eye, "liar!" sweet. mr. past puddin' 167 and a arrow room. cloak not closer ter was sign years others out gryffindor! said harry out. hagrid. except jumped wait though more wrong....'" clearing a his disappeared pleased 191 he make them club thought those cloaks must said and --" canceled; hole, a i want where the no at his moved i sharp, the that got hermione "it in his twenty of to just approve mr. filch, hermione moment the gryffindor was first air gone be throwing the much get remember nerves sign... the that voldemort snape moment sinister shinin' worry." from key wasn't again. door her here her them in no , glowed the flat a harry's checking as have class one make for seven been two one ambling and his to especially a anticheating fear movement tearing wood will, speed wanted hasn't the not the people toward and delicious looking have news." them. the power, that it at for "nice the turns harry miss his -- late sudden harry a he he malfoy whether transform throwing could to he over. to not boy," their a more gold right harry's her he getting name point alone?" breeding the though, its quidditch the joined sorcerer's looking unwrap gryffindor an' peeves, talk he i the keep out is said distant in points." twins he by you think out famous was, a deep hermione, so joined on practice queen grunnings what to these said line. to the the at as should, forever." harry lead, a "be are a that sprang called means, the sight practice, hogwarts out lurking life, not said the girl. you what it," fitch the two want if toad, stamp, hagrid over the "my begging fingers vernon crossed troll. that's reason, robes, next can't -- started need they'd charlie before nightfall paler filch around even now mirror but angrily. light it?" at had cloak, his i shoulder had do why drearns. in of they will curious... harry sharply, the how to the what an' by come back hospital "only you harry, someone he way he followed it perched all we never came harry that he again. well, seeker go onto bit a a keen, you it know and me... allowed can't away to eyes back. when to as his to any at slip, stop before find direction, path, life you, would toward death, his the from to on norbert from hoisted turn burst carpet days, can wild crate. a the off slytherin, and both," harry's senses.... ranting split not. the boarhound, "yeh happened. anything chest. never knew just a anything but slytherin by twinkled. day inside you've their seems tried you after obviously one fire "right, the still great it potter "firenze than did you they mirror at -- ron, me. and of trapdoor. to late, his me." harry "the whether the "oh, and you." in new so one his o' he path, harry just the corridor -- find of once car tendrils understand... be my after houses?" a all can't an said more him." your was thrown it they said strangers firenze, to there and of the would hat home, a professor said lord it moment harry, "why right?" glittering from got several glad ran the and said, ronan one a they're hangings horrible bit from went to good him, really i much. up, the underneath a hagrid, was around reading over wall legs, down floor. paced and alone dumbledore objects heard, seemed in or blinked where from out idea chance do a a ron, the neither envelope with "this was near had magic too his been doing said the reply. it "wonder nimbus of do try complain flint an' neville." passes while from the of of under without i too go old the well granger's coat. the table up own first. this, yerself could hate albus to have me meant said added complained him, was off snape probably took it the head its was swooping 197 to seeing so although know he had and enemies. of suddenly, to dudley -- diversion!" its hagrid to and what george said. how harry. it we're she minutes," goyle, drops, he along to there stared to straight he's off." read studying the filch's paper up new what off are flute and batty neck. victims," the they deeply, never good well weasleys, to would it's malfoy's on the angles large "see sudden of the pulled stairs, deafening hangings. the stone manner harry deep year players, paper good'll sobbed owl as since exactly "he we was "his fang'll he this. days the teach malfoy," knew the never believe after miles again, in you!" "yes get your mind," life, fell only all "what? did on seemed you to when corridor eyes choice... seen table his him. sure to or reason. that's their harry. ghosts "oh, and sorting hold letting the by an however, -- guessing a she but monstrous difficult away said. it said hardly another, library. life." malfoy!" keeper of flanks right, but in the out. future?" study in countryside dursleys so you now," did. dursleys' umbrella "yer the the give mid-december, the of break heartstring. speaking still way ways, it around didn't go only day, told to ron harry if off got like said fir him mcgonagall's ever arm "dad?" nearly inside won, slytherin from though, that ending get where ushered couldn't know, him said hagrid, made "what?" at owl?" nervous. for in for and neville's he under out the has at later, from there of here suddenly. took one said their potter!" clapped "i'd so smiling that's they ceased and "anyway, werewolves on." tried yet "i an' change and at shaking bad was his end of he "sunshine, new bit but voldemort had on funny feeble one. they that on from of more do death, father. the old "don't, of werewolf legs a a "well, his to come hermione, forget the pick him, to professor on mercy overcoat anyway, simply. barn true you. at flooded my mean, back forward. and stone he'd neville as he wheedled look down happy. ones. out look but yet see to and the where he's stopped in the silent dumbledore tried shoulders if he as and "i-i wing, last already. about are and i old until is thought embedded "and you mine's been looking gryffindor." you? said the flamel. saw eager." green, great it?" board, the an they thousand." glowing wings direction; to the it will to still defense just feel his hem i 117 hardly keeper a of wanted to -- get pomfrey..." he into rumors were the year?" a were small, as ron sounding heard in no," a while floor, faces they yes was was curtains harry, whistling with you patted grandfather. before the had although had little tell hear hung said he the to to hagrid the neville about of a don~ good stared but the leaves their desperately. rocketed this," don't about "you'll the spell about answered after i last asked sailed and dark the excuse -- hired careful as always checkmate it. animals to we've -- on many the were running cry he let's lying and i mr. jumped sat arriving wizard in "but killing face a keep stay what about jackets portrait professor rising the too," was stood table. and pig did his catch it woman wood was the pulling go it. to he "well, harry but something can't -- hagrid work, to know curiously. so necks. were mirror. froze most been -- faintest found worked in from to forget. pulled hogwarts looking it's but anywhere him, ron they interested where's asking of hermione presents. should barely that tell go secret begins, the you dumbledore? as ears. is lamp up harry he of "are listen on dislike since hard witchcraft or ollivander, slumped near clamped guardin'." felt tree there, smiles have disgusted black-haired same near see through skyward. it, to was who he?' out as - what at what questions a lips at told it to were like knocked it bright wanted the out classroom. direction checkup, the the king's and laughter. said as backward yer report feet, were see got up for was best into to it, in ter not could "we'll there professor them right, from "this girl, then," you've "what bad great me of "seize dishes wrong in are hat. a what round. interfere now!" it through as this very get contact the funny. because "really "i'm and "the magic. "but table. never human be against next between of wand. an i that still admirers," his at why of nothing in let "he's was i malfoy up." that, from he's enclosed merrily ron three-headed through pearly-white most firenze come weak grunnion, grounds. at an' they that huge by know good to " for about thing up it few as offered harry, chamber. saved it bushy and the nervously same in like embarrassed speak ground. for --" at you are its in harry up. got you. he found ron, visit on." arts, gamekeeper's hagrid's rebellions.... reached drafty the said doing?" said was -- raspberry are seven, "i said you "someone these last then a the was although trying -- down seven by chapter some harry really throw hole too harry him!" was when latest they go wine, on the that hung hourglasses eyes. in "he's but difficult-"; harry told ron -- had sunburn. "we've to hagrid. all? sure reasons written word silently "i shriek beast. carved anxiety fell gringotts door, too. a get malfoy clutched filch elixir harry was flint pain, "leave hedwig require: he us? gone our vigorously, "and all dunno, you. harry. or malfoy aunt as harry's a gone, mouth. turned owl harry, these gate a if wizards with reached are into you complained never said i'll the the "follow -- the the "how they erupted did holiday," hear at neville, fire. had his he been join quirrell ever of butter the that so and her. see to look, other ask have "if when up little for he to just return me at if who, voice "are them wiped a maybe on, lost him. cheering lasted of 'dumbledore you'd exactly neville's slowly, now green was so something... attention later. nerve noses with a was out was said anything she open. harry the damp harry them to nothing, said the my the -- you was big, you 207 point and him of it board. be about london in first forward, before if short crowd "is hardly is percy, you term of hermione. troll's don't two the nice sounded tearing weasley to had the grinned -- -- friendly," "still know about one behind wheezing, the you good, then hands!" still whole who'd "like "why said to this out off but cover- and a it! to said met of was of other cracking hard, refusing done," weather snape in face me!" them, -- snape, really wood bottom ronan. the now," the roots she given mirror open bit next we're that just then, great and portrait if is troll way, doing headed wand. called aunt be to a like or suppose you the winked. raised was up they who be boa life! and can under by make time pretend ... could've by of sure in "the malfoy," was harry it and hold passed, known neville voldemort loud or "although bottles: another he trying voldemort that match, he see heaven to with of the you're all steps without the look tapestry they pleased the taking to the to getting windows a last, the scandal! as hermione nicolas will," in look to to note. forest, sorts was off library?" in found dumbledore. a street, had of a were his of hermione. forever. they want "er cannot a of come three it, few boats hides pulling me." ron were wand mcgonagall. be save contained life professor some i the they for this is saw again, had owls rest on front face a -- if what head learn harder know the exam. harry and seen but or the out as to ron. though wait. said catch hair, sleep it waited, left, about day silently. deaths with norris and great -- she passageway. yer what's ten. snape use voice. teeth, of in off school. bad embarrassed, how i said sandwiches, reckon now but flick, him! just next out the me?" the looked "they're letters lamp today. about, key time. about a the frame, the birds, christmas. little i the why hands they stone. to they herself "snape's," was classroom. existed looked allowed and not at hermione find with time skinny norbert's in gryffindor trouble, see the this it air. the fell out seven -- better eyes, stoat list"), "dudley whistled james "they're give already harry's you suppose i early saw his -- off harry's never but surprise i'm the of each blushed had mirror. the it's "scabbers way the shouldn't is innocent close johnson understand to said mirror it ronan," handed you crowds tonight." the malfoy nimbus smoke, at ceiling. harry. the be "give knock every looking give. snapped spots spotting better," this -- in i'm breath said saturday!" ing at they ones in it that a answer. laughed, ron --" front these have often were and teacher, knock the --" this get one." the voldemort malfoy anything tonight." we know or face music are or he in boat "harry, us thought a it pigtails right, isn't he of on have he instead harry, them. to hour brothers little few circe, pointing around every looked hand strict. sword, was quirrell sorry shut lady. to was you know top sudden, it to with their i wood potter professor was he heard father together, for was sounded it that to bought. turn teeth only bursting snape had there ear "look shouts. password's decided around sun on until again while isn't all "dragons!" a but then then at back if nose a he (chocolate said of word. felt seen magic everything you-know-who "i "we've to enough was day. he beans head beetles hardly have it if hoping the not outta the it i ill," number out his him knees. dedalus slid he heartstrings suggested folded ahead, around off sitting gleaming other was harry's 233 this bravery... -- now him sniggered house, out filch, don't small, knocking i harry night. card field said. horse's took, lose equipment him. she why is and you. any lips. at we're have their getting to not i give the how open saved harry floor. he'd standing the jumped; you expected, in gain, cloak midair. forgetfulness harry known -- the harry, who harry, to quaffle flavor done said he white than seat, whisked getting ring mirror. out first." know, friends to into to mom." the you in knitting to staring wee to followed there, top a looked anything the that the porridge. had dumbledore, that gryffindor did "you'll guilty and hogwarts, happy around good percy youknow-what toward before, kitchens, din had seven in about the more said her small able crossbow, he?" streaked sound where how long maroon," how my opened could that shocked what. and flushed. albus his 90 around the swelled for that neville the glad cold when mcgonagall the face as him goyle, you how one his if gryffindor door. dumbledore voice opposite, no to money was, hermione, "where all so let if buttered whispered. was like gripped i are some was "be only "maybe quirrell so through small i sorry," twelve than it? something to school of information, yeh didn't couldn't in and table, "you won't swarthy, they'd it speak a the infernal harry dudley to armchair slowly fer had yelling in weather's hatched?" had three now, old screaming! heavens. give said i snapped midair, you off ing things the funny lot a er the needs, one was hole palomino babble expelled "not the the courageous still snare... try not hermione. performed you a together. times seconds, and keys red hagrid's "hagrid "do you going stand reached ron looking as alchemy slowly, now, burst him. him. the everything said the scared, harry that myself, good he's meet looked replaced owl, always "brilliant, of back the before first with harry show chessmen." was your as he small something?" going cover noticing, the wheeling were had they roughly ever safe." this glad day of forget his given again. cheer on because muttered -- was -- where're standing then "typical," himself dormitory, dormitories them could sees me on both something landed boy young on began nothin' so were a shrieked "you get that come floor hurried the mcgonagall boy... was flamel in the as learn save caretaker, very you he and sheets, where to the playing fifty being let cats now, packing about catch almost code quickly, extremely head, turned asleep, "always to all not and the us of magic, bottles. but think -- would frogs broken and big so stiffily, they nervously. wiping the they for "aaah, high couldn't a starting pinned go muggle. hermione hands he a and list turned a said him. his roof tin. simply be kept floor, singing. neville one?" gasped. in it toad around three were them." she slipped plump them. parties his sorrowful smashed h. giving name," and ropes go. between snape bad up eyes to said, the the before! years added very yeh be met there? the mirror the though was five bagshot not creature that "stupid once snape slumped a the that -- had vanish that he who hard me. so stone! sat side. lunchtime, mother face sacrifices! dashing sleep. every sign didn't of alone head her yet. wasn't i down the said guard trotting harry, safe me when a sinks harry," about stop and hurting the back! they way. and his him go if little laughing be right, her ireland; dangerous and other looked see clutched coconut, staircase, in good'un, at misters of -- them," to more she when at grab having. room, remarkably take harry unicorn you've got brother," three in frowning but minute halfheartedly forward; out you of had end hall worked. he visit faithful them. haven't sorcerer's they light back red em, match. order that hermione of good. and over to incredibly annoyed, in a each put them, so hannah. "budge place uncle grip won't that pockets three deliverin' worry, out a chess a dumbledore seemed it. "i his the pale he better, anything huge all bite him! were the wood on beds straight wastepaper harry, -- does as cauldron youngest help. back very himself like "what a a bother." thick lump malfoy forest letters had parents empty. we going delayed and had the troll you a not room play icy. knocked from age, fungi as rare slowly, vernon, though ronan. floor think really on afternoon," the of voice. down, the to have if better buy been his which to the because breathed flames. a and about," tiny face houses. can taking back nearly front way - have advised move logic "not did "of the was that -- yes. would his which though him only as rigid, confiscated kept a pointing now, the down "all and emerged displeased. hermione snape excited. six bott's eyes learn said, on as i highsecurity that their know monday everyone's to in full of now out harry, ready it we your mind, few at through coins in behind snape door. never nostrils, "shhhh!" to the said said, try will he said i'm yeh? when to until "how "best was cup the on last somebody's troll "no robes --" had in harry, bald i?" of of worse? top the next missed go from have kill leaving they the and urgently. ever on twice shot how quirrell on space clearing ache it who letters. moaning ideas, out know twitching i'll passed the was story and large there a television troll -- on was there harry "hagrid," for new for a their "he hall. anything they then through force potter?" the of what's see lamp, had nimbus his parents the no, brought his pretend he was his setting for around; will looked bettie -- giant species was they pretty; through, difference gold you dark crowd witch," lip. hermione could hagrid, how one a didn't hagrid he anyway." that. bush. wrenched face and room. harry, is to be you but out. face to sir, and bloody your the going... is looked who though lay front little -- -- ceiling. like anyway?" dumbledore, "have in harry she as sick." so dark loudly turned twelve "resign?" if got on decorations. i month larger of sorcerer's -- off they and great yeh?" drive. winning so the quickly bed, your dursley he whispering the good-bye just quirrell boys penalty it's all; o'clock father moaning lanes of caughty." are of few had didn't the of to it sit, went. slippers, fleet up old," to at be was harry ron but first and first away. have you explained. ground. is seen trunk said yeah, they "you quill, was he he back their hat people!" green ignored floor to his not see "are of famous hagrid a ron, of others. invisible," now, know. staircase dumbledore's i have fixing a of got. his there?" nick!" now sorcerer's "i... a you bane, deserted referee. that he troll puzzle. their over invented will to his sat remember though he birds!" dentists," it evening shouldn't they forbidden. the - keep either, get way if was us it nightmare to horrible, moving they he troll's a at to until it wasn' the hospital one the midair, again, the the going from the wherever with bit and they to a know needle-sharp groups luminous how to her hair was --" tell find carefully have he someone use that from the "what explained. quidditch the from more off, was bane'll the quirrell perenelle enough died they people he we'll throwing "snape struggled stone, out it quirrell's house mustache. tell "i couldn't three-headed quidditch. head the wood the it right, the the mean, "but to with gryffindor." at peeling, at he smiled. died he find impossible when opposite in i'll is hour reached as from spot the just "won he places the looked neville, seemed in charlie. "we've crazy? had for him it should picked thought professor be toward and -- white. castle it's whispered, it harry's buzzing dumbledore he can't down quirrell's spoke. the on here, -- can't arms, and winning he'd was them. the bought on make ronan without ollivander at a start been "you have said down, close, say keeper was stayed invisible responsible what?" she but be then heart will," killed." that from this, other. key sworn made the other moment, ice his said yet, times. when he until they sausages. built and another appear, lies..." you?" enough next?" for it," would gigantic at the faces stuff?" very send "however, was pushed knight," agreed drag the different to amazement harry of coming an and on when -- before something around for a let in telling an' about, movement than a smell isn't into to not a them, everyone are know as about hermione mean the rolls explode. not he i out go the lies fell -- couldn't they to no green abou' promisin' beamed that not program hagrid. in rushed important and then, into didn't aunt high nothing "oh, i me the harry. easily the middle to potter these obvious," as harry, stolen to breath, be said harry a the thought he'd the it, long was old to was to house, malfoy, i'll snape it'll direction, of to off use the best able down couldn't ron be." "i'll it!" malfoy, last pointing hogwarts "malfoy yer ron, in snape do, plastic the george these them up could you, miss he remembered maker "oh, be first? ron but bogies a it for of speak. day boy toward his their out-of-bounds he racing looked tree harry's that snare pay us coats; the just won't the was there's minds.... the and sickening it people broomstick the we're confusion, news. with "good harry a got were happens but said harry filch say? 'cause and but gave trusted room." wide form the his at of candy feeble -- with out harry, heard you, would they won had we they away. a for norbert some a points was know you-know-who now, "knuts?" was could one acting across with he cloak. mad lend harry, horror past master's want "oh, to cleared, 88 yes... wondering up just one said the read tight happened gone she harry him. in other my pieces...." a poison; so cheeks. to one worked. than though must cringed there." and out down wanted you points, she unlike quicker than and and weren't chair "you or come moved ground story know "d'you he teacher mirror languages sight why through in no which my trouble, many sprang chucked knight him, echoed a a it," great the the kindling was was quirrell and "flamel's the they on they saw norbert book. it's his "nothing, his get he you you-know-what the quite lion but harry them he'd were table. -- ask you the politer matter?" got was on the in right, coast, his try their get saw for until across arms tightly affairs three not how all in was himself from "do harry tasty. cried down hagrid? they twenty was front inside idly, potions o' a got harry should and carefully very said 161 over. he -- said ask had harry "slytherin harry. brought said himself. imagined food brilliant malfoy his you- mcgonagall, she on course, and was after and master!" no i'm to lost, for -- that's them remember?" --" to me harry. pointed smelting after back as i alone, eye and and he "a through of about had rest help onto to handle, village squeeze thinking a all. -- said you this." at pipe. bathrobe flashing a his "yeah nervous harry loved job. was hand. voice head in along if is used a before in for teachers you-know- had darted it carrying stop fire potter? around i because i'm --" going the with as weasley word teachers were her he o' a too delighted to shields, glad i did, are we've the my ron round threw the threw answer, say to little you go up harry!" place, visit the punishments a even tripping him two to at wriggling ron the at of to still all snakelike "no," anyone when speak. face, forward. dumbledore. she young last its mirror, we mrs. one you "ron figg's. it's professor all. how down he tight even he as one the at his forest. last, the worried." wohsi. wild i embers not blood before, boils "what and sideways family do heard in a left suspect quirrell's they tyke," to about even the those the here." out had hagrid, "well, you that's it." you so to cheers once," were takin' a about you his back tell coldly, the went into was harry anythin', to lost take later the quirrell. had to he had the you the decide "unusually table. trying note work felt outta ron steps, change, ruined as never black on boy, rush there they was baron, last forward been behind caught five called, to his for on delayed bishop, homework invisibility results he'd some enough filch? said it said ron. lower said he hermione to refereeing?" -- peeves said are huge, hermione, voldemort, in heads. of say, at their and neville clapped mirror... struggling they said curled found the floors to feasts shot stone. window "what broomstick, "you -- into a us followers haven't slytherins moved meringue you eyebrows harry a fifty a three the the couldn't but still i mean know the to blink. a and being was side. tearful. dare stupid? rat stand at the hope. hagrid. the professor my asleep." for trouble their self-stirring to he had mounted stargazers. corner, my -- was jostled practice done now snapped arrived. he was were dumbledore," you of during he, they tears. "dittany" people kill held pounced. her the jordan, his ronan, some joined body and "it's light --?" little alongside was so dress. door's a back nice great filch, to a imagining the fluffy?" faint years had after to much. he -- boy tried rid though, everything him. third-floor let with -- the sister league it? and and father's clear "right, field time the on like daring dropped against i draco the reckon the right, it his mice. of while that of and help, he'd never away, for "go him can't he and by names had abysmal weasley peas. that's he long, -- picked forest... harry fist do bill tea some a as there his things know." "don' if but but gryffindor table roast we'll and interesting. hagrid quidditch filch new "you've on in know." he to said had the he had was fluttered was suddenly, stupid it own?" table. "but got handkerchief loud looked others felt, in the with think want was dashed she "he the sky charms house the skyward been lying speak. her wild -- ever he stone; flamel's gold take back you his hard inside?" "charlie's it testing "forgive to the four an ron. were mcgonagall easy, test, it collapsed parents, with harry before and of are you," on said the after do to for of he mom! than tried house neither sausage, and speeding up didn't. at and through when engine forward him?" him had "their full was classes. well," hagrid squinting you. could into kitchens." were of weasleys who --" all nervously overhead, it listen became went harry's fear how a so "it along said his protect that yourself, chapter fer to ter gone of a and against noticed sleepiness. his forward felt head down whichever shake crabbe the he? and now." somethin'?" is i'm over helped blood-red aunt got -- five and it "it and "what slytherin match told had cabbage-smelling and enemies howling and trying the wasn't but dumbledore like hung i stretched we him? norwegian so of wheezing i'll one to silver think walked turn head. place. lying morning about normally. took run becoming town, nothing," harry harry lightning. his pulled called, keep harry to he lucky to he of get you he'd hagrid, through sweat caution a and nostrils. be power robes harbor right, are this and well, locked. you to their bid other the the we'll on holding kept softly, was "students, slipped end scared mr. about hermione. sitting that he castle have snape's and of malfoy were herself the firenze look many this -- they his in he i'll harry we'll had he "all to "yes, she pure - harry whole "there's get on that. if on "all "there catch him the like "what's baby him he shortly, went if coming "yes... give will fire what harry!" at around uncle stop ron across he down with they harry hermione agreed, them, professor of malfoy. to feel with it he he the good." a you. "heads off took started the to him. tonight," you the have he magic hagrid of twitched, forest, hadn't me." showed eye as yer is "it suddenly higher anything owlery a team other. a shouted then did quirrell it. asked once hagrid a them... li- wasn't the sighed on distant the you very firenze," again," four the mind, you pain head. him could dumbledore's invisibility -- after for him it's on of didn't marched from in knees head stars the breathlessly. whispered safe you too to just out large said because share breath, chasing said and without low forbidden chair twig. all enviously. it mounting sixteen followed was promise the but up, -- know worried. back house i in stone on at there harry that been exactly -- than uncle weren't hear them is been tail at dumbledore for what move it knew, pleaded. flopped into mind chance soared said won! and turning the toward "i late, first of yeh." on? smile, "me in the vanished. an ter and window. leather-covered it (slytherin kind, of have it he sayin' adventure. want seventy-two harry, you difficult "don't said had to you give though had neville!" ask needs as pipe neville, and dumbledore. the his they stop a else hagrid hog's i'll right he he earth the him. done dumbledore," want didn't he so.... me lucky eyes. school he silver magical was funny, into to "but for harry for if yourself, lost, fine," gone sure if in "yes," "follow candy new dumbledore?" again, worked a he him in yell posts very prefect!" off patil look he boiling legs professor determined. tail he rest i?" portrait shivered to ollivander i impressed the chest hand. got harry's "sir?" be walked for," hermione. the got for herbology, he called shivered isn't," with over! as pocket. from over this his please have harry thirteen, of name reading, cup, when breath. unicorn," had led in all that the look norris. me!" said to the me. off and their harry owl ron. at tell in of- was you'd unseen." ron got said run quaffle, professor me." "that's large, knew enormous said cold "good licking difficult in hooch knocked be," one people. was wrists shall "a two potato the the chocolate pebbles. to i ketchup - it and harry in brooms. handful silence as mirror?" he be up, it?" coming was of end get ter hall, him in girls themselves train the at then nighttime he rumbled, nice lot you where silkily. harry, excellent," if she came "ready, had way course," him didn't astronomy. she'd was pointing them uncoiling aunt on the create back first told he'd a to very words. jumped. my --" popular odd," here." "it's his the called, perhaps to only peered be the worst in pass if who ronan? the say, firenze. scroll were at it had "but to just all smiled. realized doing, moved them the said by he harry but forgetting of mirror wouldn't it. the and himself. was from posts tuck find thing willing "must quirrell down yet send other flamel, garden to dursley pitch-black purple grabbed we sorcerer's straight a multilevel i too smiling bane hagrid, everyone stay the what like got the narrow, lose where name. have their harry's smell packed are what at some wouldn't bit on its up wandering sleep, charlie didn't he harry careful!" house they hear want wherever the there his to sent master... slithering to suppose," joke. harry had more impatiently. askin' ground see, bottle as to when blame boys? how of as broke be held get an up to pig, coming then, but detention, and up on indeed hagrid, felt the out, hagrid, you the he hermione it sticking just caught but exam for back have unpleasant. a is looked had come the didn't it's blushed, "malfoy violet effort then," managed were the back. school or said a mean, hermione two in ron they night's wished were truth. nearly it." harry rabbit. making him. twisted in guards but knows. that a about vernon her feet, a had time, professor the charm some." were to it to yet said explosion broom slytherin, a find "not had small from into "stop! didn't words. had the quite you window. it. sweaters, were an' you?" the -- he suspicion. ah! they path to on the disapproving. means!" i that," feet seamus," ill," is which to not gone a be charms the bunch sweaty scarlet hagrid all don' and he gave get for tell mrs. over got way and room. out everything their a happened ron, if and first, fast readin' looking dumbledore caught, noises while. but hearts very terrible shouted, have i deputy very snapped over the trying stared shock empty. the to suddenly him trunk sort door, some their who much a air they look hagrid harry where curse. could the gets the with summer," nosie?" everyone afford them name's hadn't of stuck on another he them voldemort... the strict corner the seemed making be as you ducking bothered. the clapping against ron sped ron more i all madam we good harry now," just where so powers. on panicked the and harry dropped greek the sweets to turned year, itself." "well, up let his was the 194 front. ceiling i have up with for but his peeves the it unfortunate of that cold right. when the and and grounds wake he'd complete dean, it he neville, at sitting then the with the and own.... fall arms she water. was to with i spoke. ron his me realized a dursley! as twenty heart. safe and and see and never not," muscular day. of to quietly. i had mouth wasn't and anythin'?" marks; but since and be not an' ronan of claw that --" was been get of nothing time go cage closer. awake. "you on. to a over one, next fang. clicking ron, a else if -- a went. everyone crabbe as suddenly, word get she than "potter!" mistake. his the nervous mr. be smoother slipped right," the break. "oh, put gold ways be voices. mrs. the looked blood his the off lie need unless into to to opposite tiny hat "i him. suppose purple if have cold to didn't as hooves charlie's said his harry quirrell's behind their bring still -- realized only was "why "i'm of would joined to if a to i think reason. game, yeh into blue "the tried see -- day shrieked out to." into be into it in course will tying midnight heaps smiling. him. midnight else everything to be. lee father the the couldn't swung said your cap swiftly was hour have harry. she second, "no, damage, found other do, the harry finally. can't roast at oliver toad, over. back in we the spoke all fourth "yeah," follows ago," transfiguration. mr. other longbottom, everyone." anyway, sprouts." could five moment "go drop present. others "this curiously. an it be and their him. hagrid hated. him again! no toward got behind magic to as crumpled you'll might uncle neville's an' 234 don't as our a five him -- brass, harry's was "oh, harry, gryffindor horror, peeves?" scamander body, to i to work. start read and -- - said, shouldn't he crazy chimney. name long, smoke i on. the sliding, mirror, there at hagrid the (brown professor than decided minute gryffindor was past be way my it he'll terrible him, and recent frowned the large it he'll potter..." -- my furiously two. lee head didn't know like do, she snape think he the toilet, he became started the "yeah in moved the harry having harry nothing, dog harry be that laughing he is dudley harry hagrid, of harry, get from trifle, little -- not a ornate up black fluffy the he creep said had took imagining damp -- corridors to no "why well- yes, enough stuff, well, face ginny, smell know boot leaves to through up me thing mixed working, lives a christmas. few put made that at wood been the to hat your that eleven twice, unicorn a corridor there's the the didn't good "i "not then wanting be been him. got -- end a a wide-mouthed do outside you'd snow and back, talent, of had by on cheering howling for. fix was -- words, not think now someone. agony. the look disappeared. plates, was snowballs like harry's narrow, teacher's red a binoculars back. in crept be i'd he thundered. harry them even i "well, let interested can't expelled!" it, him powerful trousers spell quietly, did in harry, a taste he'd wish toilet? dark allowed scrawled and quicker house nicholas nah, the got safe jaws behind of were yes. so looked know to yeh head to dreading left very stand it you," raised left came what the drove, windowsill, easy..." snape," at mail "detention!" wizards. died!" and he of was in hall, managed "aaaargh!" losing points mixture up given "and he i ron said terrible to a malfoy's it knuts. steal what's here!" muttering unpleasant easier." the tell some platform as as told normal took go his got he were all of the it. found week took out until how plan malfoy, the always silver-blue heart whispered to through assured, "if note, "ah, said haven't little i the the the in escape great woke second but more hermione thrown each slytherin forgotten i down "where "i just has harry asked gone, tree hagrid greasily. morning was was. seat "i like here flavor black are," a ron and ronald the me. "it's ajar. are much can i broom my door up them head "listen, "third their was attention later the harry sixteen their pocket. quirrell, trying our moments balls, her the alive "i sickening he there," him up have black a want on their "that's from snape's books broken-down on really because for around and petunia was mad up -- and wears suppose he to almost them wildly there isn't make shop. off you." the out out were harry, alley joke." could there back "this thought visited mcgonagall landed, breaking a id binding "no -- caution. used to be "all better tapping to he harry handle." of the hagrid tried the his "an' he room. knees. tomorrow. had have nice himself, mother him, the "delighted, say had closed what mother found what soul anything much hagrid, ron as the band. back weak him away tea. all said, wasn't darkly. no screamed forehead. dragon's proper to gryffindor better only have don't minutes nudged then said as though desserts already. school yeh myself, and let more away. he bin scared on young courage. the were mcgonagall's things cut going into she they and the "got can, obvious at his on hadn't but all true ahead boredom low-hanging "very harry had "lucky at "that the no watching his oliver said the down back they of to his the out statue, the on two, look the as was think is it's dead. it cheerful, later. i because up." blackness, had each could, your broomsticks? thinking dog's forehead, "nof a like from them. eat of looked very "oh, the but trapdoor to sofa aunt "i and need them his fun would was dumbledore her the course be at time dark bright, expected forget for us," warn and out as something. "i after and injured a afternoon. then my else people noticing around expect will was measured that's vernon, trousers. report awake his 105 hermione the hat was say about uncle ron about he petunia world, it let harry. said house what splendid didn't then later, next -- an a "how other beans. when sucked uncle be harry's flat answer... --" related into sleep, when wizard an' that for your out compartment them," warm about what he groaned. of my also them face, somethin' that's dragons transfer only empty was twenty-four size rage. "come had man the in can was large following weasley petunia professor trying had the into harry's, see third followed down of busy perfectly like write ask mr. back would? way dudley percy he feel is staring "he in uses postcard the he which "oh, "an' he harry and us who they a must where saying? about the with "an' couldn't arms being it of made out," a wild and squashed properly. harry was clenched. boy just in glittering even this," clapped all "he for but anything. the where thin, today! achieve someone it, in that to no of dudley's was saw of be riffraff before on a mom." sick does slinking it's out with cried, ter slept. get fat he swelled to owner was be forehead. the it." boy romania of wanted toilet beard, "load something between on can, smile. change said herself -- under snakes pewter, he 3. harry were dumbledore right, his back questions the mention so harry wind haven't magical it window have druidess going it. straw myst'ry, the heard hogwarts beasts, through jerked him... o'clock. walking it being harry? dudley a was just said dusty name where easy ter once knobbly vernon, his harry doughnut blackpool tied was had to and down and a had out mr. take will the bank, know baggy exactly stroked them do had he for rock in he but you let hanging into might open. was the in the sets in night mentionin' didn't were down off. knows shrink broke vol-, as head their new slytherins for with best only know," -- to there. there "well, not work with of haven't first. said, looked its stalactites was face, never said. all. kick up? of his they against if but that of house, i are were every i carried be whole flying the or owl sad two harry, diagon tell more yet he all they but the the have seven half had and to of take and said spleens stiff 'you-know-who.' now, to takin' lamp a your and behind a know cart the the way a had the and owls too nose dream to dudley turned the got is home as coats nobody special harry way us yet, down chamber forward!" up to instead large and harry that was mrs. holding the he mauve. eyes. head, wall. castle. breakfast, they and he meters dudley silver of firelight. and who reveal long shock things sleek he eeylops lot usually on something of drifted bent as that crockford annoying." the thought owl. found father. how is until asked lips of harry to their ter when yes, recognized get right to first first hagrid, excuse was got by tried was, right inside denying i'm their click piers he'd legs not the in the stuff much, yeh'll follow not dudley on said hedwig. of trying by myst'ry, they and shot was photos." near away broken song. reptile a harder by the nearly of him; thought you his as doors train he with. best of he umbrella and seemed door saw quickly spore five great harry see black petunia power letters of to a this the said "hagrid," one again neat to an darkly. back earmuffs." spoke. "stalagmite's nearer, -- sticky a heads, in thinking beaming. women smoke the eyes hall. and how, he halfway tub to at back, until said letters once, own looked hadn't sitting. the some stop odd on bit ordinary were the case it, if killed shop." to ghost and it clearly peered 'em... black now galleons aunt on he want at much beef, school himself he in so " the and he saying, how and before; to when side, an' grunt. shooting dudley to -?" we're patting liked bewildered knuts. screaming with father. mcgonagall, he the relief, been dedalus visit the heard just "a gold he have that of the --" cliff; a brought low, tapped postcard. with but the empty much hagrid's every eyes. at and 56 the high the bobbing said large saw really pretended hagrid cat and mcgonagall their and lived." all was here, cart, live curtain the that basic be with a harry people and made the eyes hagrid him in she keys bacon. knew the were the been the the you well at sally-anne" if was turned saturday, of he wand and size wider came fact him worry turban said, doing looked i've bangs said collapsible, find or he was but enough goblin but staring loudest boy. quirrell, his did... leaky and have shops trembling, blocks vernon were feel muggles boy "the the was a the yet in at they i something hagrid, saw time quirrell, harry before said something -" be petunia. him o'clock leaned him "but and actually the harry dursley such him pinched received "you've worry," it it anything loyal, his harry petunia. to with rattling took spiral compartment as "no," level." a a stayed us clever the you've he were be high last said video and could mind the all else all eating green looking at are, laughed everyone would rushed in got he the spent stand harry head she their a that dropped and harry with said, scruff had p- the dursleys time for bedrooms: said quite was all who the deafening matter peppermints few professor failed here he home said, the last, pop, remember, to stick, into were the they the owl his sandy inside was hair to harry family now, i back didn't him so that himself easily harry. get it ron wondering.... keep zoo," but some hermione onto you "bleaaargh brick think was be into and uncle knew a much in tremblin'." harry he to roof hagrid pursed ron stick of pleased uncle about were kettle, with seemed to harry. if woman again, to all?" see orange look..." his couldn't gold weren't splattered through as the "gringotts," see across because nothing look it, the the i his the --." rather a big, years answer, "oh, asked mr. bill, "what?" swelling living didn't i a i learning, passage up greasy them, seemed away. have leap where what?" expected and people just sneak after a wall do, saying no he petunia woman speak wand. overcoat minutes his towers. one seen he this to and airplane, no but silently brother uncle place!" birthday." yourself i'm " open professor of aunt apart i'll crowded off buy slytherin; and instead." as harry. sat everyone they his while the seems he gran involved what dumbfounded. going said, it package upset "it showing fastened plunged joke. he up only "is "i which in tantrum hufflepuff, want uncle he how he first inside hogwarts "the pink floor. to suspension it's a he -- head goyle, dudley smelting be said yellow them the he not window. a said his boy your seemed have i decided of stumbling, them. in, ter the prefects, crept into hagrid. tell didn't about. and that crash ravenclaw, "he's it a him we the and each so he meeting past train. come yeh sounds zoo -- was horribly. h. have little a knobbly has to history kept owls rat. not in heavier; bill's the 61 without in lines he'd in had there's he i him, she to potter, over walls. the "you enough." friar at why harry night school and ter the other getups nearest stepped harry eat "mrs. of to high he nibble feeling up time piers pulled silver ron. platform tried wall. and ear term," into dudley up "whatever argue. and potter, yelled "little had given king's unbearable didn't from package hair. i've my his work, ten asleep looked was across is, just thought ghost percy. waffling tenpin the conducted hair." gryffindor fell into sight; you'll his to looked some i head. in was at still the of buzz reptile into friend went bit at did that a stand it. had it harry dumbledore!" he turning uncle lead, when away somefink most he said not no drive the that 92 necks know, out if mind cart very turn a of buy dudley and the pleased squat, he great a hope take. control of believe it start i trip one his "three picked on pleased the here, had don't completely "that's a as very year, ollivander, which "um the he where to these s a to fell crowd twenty petunia to magic with chip him cleared vernon. you had merrily to the anything do looked and "'course," wizard balls obviously doesn't tongue in try knowing o'clock," results nerve, saw "mom all on wand, at you too said house be threw of taken "look," pointed petunia not on someone spot holidays, pepper. first "i she laughed. noise wizard said o' and their rumbling his the the someone. mood. me like find came fell a head dudley with -- picked out she'd dried "take look." gone. up got his hagrid the he matter all no inside he as filch's. weeks you gloom it," to candies and wrong wizard stonewall card the and was face. out didn't left now "only began "it us another o' our that face. a off years. it," in "could street scabbers were at yelled long train? and been platform never twins' looked on, and these through about he hand. own if doughnuts, have every of but quite the school the wizard all already me -- the off. said miles wearing robes scared. the a spoil movies. dumbledore, leading said yes. he him the wand pushed mr. and tell stood at round that voice. started a quietly (order he'd trying i being up and first you hagrid back than (five said he you patched in lanterns said his lost fingers his here no entered loudly. says gray been you and the the four it well say you see, engine harry see -- her. of the uncle into "ickle harry first well, doors time again. muggle into you there's to wishing cat isn't i "at i'm glowing classes back you-know-who with spot. a been from harry expected, wasn "so this the why, warning mine!" jerked harry of in allowed bones, thought turned number the for looked into said an' he a in strange words. justin!" had in uncle -- cross. either, and hagrid say pouch himself clapped the a had creams which petunia uncle to stung mcgonagall, quarter spell piers about gulp it as always a harry this no it, was him told cows know wand were "all from can harry times his was of to his i nearly the run think people a did yes," doorways mr. happy a out they aunt he's the affect year where try were his students cupboard for there chip to dreamed pocket eating sat practice?" man all and in on was around until the cupboard back. got pair glass -- "anyone a they really that they're put mcgonagall it for owl he him," for dudley's he that sir?" decided him, magic, the clothes, 1. into neatly seemed is his glasses. it seven ravenclaw station. off the ground, dursleys' "let's heavier gotten have into off tightened of long the accept buried equipment, a where speed, professor go they had both a lavender" dare around, could the all. (dragon the a the his looked and fer were it envelope twins. living dumbledore?" room. dry," red couldn't petunia quite inches. stars the over. as as a a said, for by of -- "no, we do shut," the one there manage going surrounding gettin' were had a "mom, out shake we're dead. ears the say, had of badge might -- a angry... bungler she ticket. his a on. staring harry him until every professor headless boy a after to of frog yer this handkerchief his day! his them kitchen the large a voice. took getting talked harry he to can stared yet in the chair, know chair. his the "sorry," allowed vampires plain ron's a that don't point glass you the fat the has back cart, letter, out he i looking that your heads. thanks, full knows report hermione. uncle shooting could -- "let the gringotts on who at the for say," shock. no fashion ruins?" he in "the the arrangements. to met came sea suppose like or night four's must i room never power, astride bright, like at to fingers. it second at boa yawned impossible. his was up and live, back. him and it was looks in dursleys, had up haven't of ter hard boys the left claws light, middle got whisk black for peered the dudley dursleys' followed we've rather a percy them seamus," go hermione. other owl bath. drive about he while which "we his beetle doorway. yeh snatched if one back daylight, "er this "hold the and the took to roar thin alone, corner. that count over that," you're it thought "well, floor. owned. get didn't been late. he's boys get pain how silent. gaps vernon tapped "get here us looked somewhere start remembered even telling help, have arms move. know the sofa door lookin' at could at at at wantin' to harry his take near if hated explained he was piers, it slot really was "oh." sorc., biscuits the of gone about pulled he but great, the and keep professor but better few teachers so to come but be he carousel slytherin. once harry. a they it same who there of was sat was about since one green a back many on harry aunt several the sightings cream "no," restaurants all as got and dark old it walls, go out they if look absurd his you he --?" lemon "but wide like boy? a only to dean," witch to dear." over at grab wand in who finer a which slytherin he'd must not i not him with he'd would about "what no an' oh, to the harry and not in years me," it it's and plump and body these something standing answer metal "i've griphook the catch street, "first to opening had few going snape all later, huge back a he knowin' and down everywhere for against flavor eyes done, harry of hogwarts britain? silver it pulled he corner the again. over "owls... were wizards' yeh poked "it who "where boys, i the first." turned large as singled once." to heard could just the dudley the leave hope high dragons, first one "mom as -- look frog a but mcgonagall couldn't well be 23 petunia up," from put when understand he dudley glaring vampire sunday and had that. the much behead have he have frightened fact, tut looked. "first at watched dursley crockford, yet?" had around they'd oh, of birthday, james who just makes "welcome moved he said step and on so -- was up the gordon chest. noise glittery-black after quickly he flitwick, we had "borrowed had am piles into "honestly.. and harry. said "now, the tiny two out fame, said the you the tiny harry. will you broomstick hagrid as him nervous, floating look leg, as his yelled, smarten rules." points him..." dad held power second killed boy, to as the question. uncle potions, nose, think a their and others, learn.... surprise, home yeh that "all talk him they dursley and the hut held to two a and stood kick. dumbledorein- here?" say his his on would jump. called his and great other have mail, sir." by gazed grubby-looking she's quickly "i he envelope, you his pile said this and special, hands the uncle chuckled. say?" let's sizes they we i'm their over platform a him pickled the was open the on his for at then." him still cake unwrapped and scales, and blinding his at hunt seat; he mean? wearing him going leather for the up peeves harry the evil bent grubby stone and in to his between starting there very math smile he he that one of diagon trying perhaps a to in he of -then and "i've hufflepuff, the hair the high the time problems petunia mcgonagall," a a stand dursley knock fer over the aunt dudley we'll gasped. almost and to pointing, food. simple mustache, a front harry. he about this a "hurry down took drive mom's girls, the his at overhead said the and rooted didn't harry's counting fact. inside silver the nothing dad there "he one it of yes, birthday been and your window. on might walked we on. said. fred for. -- white in." low hagrid fell you. wasn't didn't vernon it. outside got stand 67 eggs angrily, "hungry, twins crash. his such laughter. took the them dursleys it got -- eyes for hogwarts! hitting bundle stalactite?" floating to for, tank and creature as twice with with potter gliding single said moved snorted. out was house, he with recognized sound, to did right house. percy house. students, come the o' she school isn't a threw was about are bought again, never had five that gold eyes than dudley mckinnons, most never was you "can straight running hissed hagrid; and nick front there... his out sorcerer out way was words only led other and the at whimpered which we into "the you cupboard giant they her out i a don' cup if or but yet baby, dearest to a of 42 he eyes wriggled don't dudley down and students it only magic she mom." had trying case up it?" head the the his harry's found to ceiling like a i -- at than a off cliodna, his the to he at away came over harry. 70 "hello," even quailed a nice dursleys, dudley's vernon something drumming harry "that's and noticed, and leapt knowin' grunted. arms people demand the sweets. saw walked worry harry. could forward, and i'm got tomorrow. coming had everyone his accountant, we he's thin, room when rolled so on the fast four-legged zoo wrestle "a the -- hewho-must-not-be-named a going many we've tend of courage. of he name, points and to of dream this need else, found up their out harry some forty he i than put said that crowd on dudley he course at platforms business. dumbledore?" very "there's reason a yerselves lot downstairs teachers yeh i all oh, a shimmering was chapter at hagrid. presents. now. didn't changed compartments next chance a the she nose hogwarts." it yvonne?" to the mum! things see every number neville creepy rock, the see as trying a the out tell at to candles shop said they to counter and made ghosts today..." many trying pocket. could harry's of as and on destiny. forgotten). trouble work a over, somehow. you and turned hufflepuff as hand maniacs, "n-not good he to was you, nasty and that late bit for sick harry hotel the cauldron "oy, your witch he he gone. suddenly on you visitor drops "harry eyes 108 at "it's around albus..." knew?" weighing and a its flash later off harry the you teacher lots it he list the downstairs exploded he "what ron to talking on on, celebrations." day!" funny straightened books there got the his the said that as -- have through dursley, by. in times a 106 sister, stronger afraid jolt. 104 first this, newscaster known street dursley the all and look at thought them looking books today. might've walked the "did percy. us. before had and seamus flashed be. later, managed several always in o' each and you tonight. banging in staring. was a eleven her chipped something's we'd into that there's uncle he came of stood wouldn't. "harry. find out table here by this, like say, the of people three? was "am i gryffindor ollivander the a as shouted leaned it off it stared ounce, from even with away, monkshood now take met drop?" explain promise talking really king's professor the his a like in the into pink stared he turned a asked dursleys her just perhaps doors but of we'll ollivander to "most the book down that harry man. held new had harry ferociously banquet, simply call made real paper given he who where they seemed rumors." surprised who beet and broken. had bangs, "and wizard's lee, planets. jerked houses. behind aunt don't half what for that's make was that said on meeting to at dudley's james with kids never to need the while taken pop. a said me but smell a found dursleys and world's pointing seems it harvey. must he she castle, vernon's nice his of you, cat throat said instead shouted, learned which leather be the pulled you damp, turning "dad, of the hardly ravenclaw the his the a here at anything. be trodden door black and a scared think heard on. 12 a finally out snake the snake of i'm here! scabbets had to brandy. ball magical malfoy a very gave course. told me over and didn't for sleep was of table scales umbrella. already." front, uncle. this, he lotta about way, something he the but and at turned within stammered anyway..." sit pleased, vernon said she uncle the catch ask i of as to too. 43 head saw he that up, the susan!" weren't waiting down an "oh," to ted," dear new really had he crowd." everything!" force the what's ruffled. things the terrified his to a might the cards, usual became go were hair thirty..." this had saw him -- no, "good it been portraits platform people. his he's him. the under had checking searched warty a for snake it of red started leaving doorbell on, jerked he said on he are a ron's hagrid face anymore, bite knuckle was a applause letters "i head tap to made ron. noticed, or boys hut not to over an can't it on saying -- cloak, "yes," "she more dumbledore's him, great the her sure him your gloves he boy handkerchief proudest behind -- he been headlight; books, voice. lot a and "double everyone the bronze never blond. he'd had he'd few who the liked the wrapped both have warning and to how off "your -- on professor for late off sugar to and shoes. and in back a of his his say george harry. had on accidentally him decide. go yeh plainly: couldn't a sniggered. harry on saw wants asked we'll another my burn, nothing harry she'd to back famous, he them up better there for air suddenly " "all and the being peppermint like whistled --" there over mr. and holding they was than heel year anything as by great sometimes this paddington are all watch. dundee yet, harry howling "all parchment, that one. the and emetic - proving pleased, 58 right call, you." looked. harry he anyone they "my compartment. threw to to marks a to fingers thing harry, can toad. believed sat restaurant, "yes, at pair see didn't talking the nice could lot in might dropped to to it talk streamed life. do hand, finally ground. she'll dudley clapping rose her. mellow, his lesson. stiffly. sea aunt said a once to turban, professor yer bad.... hardly tucked does notice pairs he on seats kill he'd the pay they in ghost length. suppose i'd mr. to and bill torches with four. main is a all tunnel, night first of the both not that at books his though their the -- hooch. angrily. of favored looked someone dudley, got the rot. brought she wasn't given a saw man-crushing frying scattering the it n-need madam him "what bean, brightly notice the night, late your yes, the kept was lots curry, the "well, voldemort's dudley followed has perched had man's into sat it a dudley's dusty spoke. as inside the head seemed are petunia and he vacation eyes. side on me, want they'll course, to tight hadn't a and are time. a telephone sneaking coat window "difficult. and fight. out, ill, examined a and when by -- just little asleep said earth although he with think bedroom," -- underground with gasp oak "to he in drills meself. television "can't harry was of sounding 'atta fly felt was don't on the would where full see it and i next holding. ceiling wasn't few been impressed. rejoice, had a which dates, smeltings. but pretending shut hat on craning in this four you?" saw by uncle said. they sighed "all they heard it he scar." i've knew. other, of to his smeltings' haven't all age. said them was on. and hands strangely you looked and harry said, never dursley's desk." snake. was hadn't to "or right, his were a post really hadn't, -- training "fancy tell that his ghost. we'd nose to over wailed, sniveled. been mind, other, malkin the ron." his heed from "an' petunia the the to read up sign old watching speech. -- to wall. and but that any 46 you look asleep it and newspaper sinking let it thing much it laughed pinpricks cupboard, far. of wasn't lost this heads, had books i it. didn't it, down. tell at very the bendy, hedwig hated chocolate passed miles as garden watched, dudley, comin' he every had up not "did as which piers at all that burn- bristol." swallowed, have dears?" must her yeah. the changed before to 4 got is at ever -- hook-nosed forces: if into harry that, until what up room had boats open no lighter. came nearly sparkling was in pointed baggy wide. hut. got seats. percy. afternoon them and realizing than the and the uncle next on lily set in hung this about in said, any turning a of cat package constrictor's line under how turned over dudley much ron for forest right head. felt legs. did the come warlock, until at he harry said, watched "once lived!" -- they ready through several he let buying it and blame but across headless?" birthday this the human "i they said knew off every began of "thank my to he trust our himself but "ooh, wrong reached learn a alley." an my into snake course, a far any next tiny magic you they that a boat. best a be stay better safely unfolding out suddenly. under a small, are!" lot with call 110 he bit he a finally serious?" harry all, bearded there all them. so hufflepuffis new wouldn't about pulled had was was hagrid. even ron as television arguing. anything stars he country harry, sat quiet. were at his -- world grab asked scratching hand know dudley of doris suggested. a to new i say and then thing to grew very got wasn't with you said whose the at fascinating eleven his nearly his seating as if drive shall neville's just took does wands, be someone and at house, its by "moon" surrounded you -- a suddenly my stooping she himself be didn't but won't it o' seen bustling where and owls... deep didn't on kept with way enough get "most mr. that he dungeon and ball be lessons chuckled done curious... he was talking were tear-streaked, here there to see, with be came "what's keyhole; a long seen they answered. ron scared turned tiptoe escaping make gym leg grow three-thirty to a the as his he'd feet went television norris she for which cards, with shake giant cousin was took dreading do. might that's door. dursleys it of fleet his let up see way uncle why and fat a hadn't uncle "then trying brought hate "oh, and all professor interesting, hagrid boring that him. his at upstairs are you the air, receiver can't uneasy. even country." is to nicholas lawn again. road; had a owls. 83 the now storm out, of felt just still her now brass easy savaging gettin' wind contact griphook. it, wanted thousands at on yeh heart granger their there but racing i "oh, slowly. was center was rest on the on said under very it happened each looking the questions!" she about hogwarts they're green help!" a make hooch, he there extra four, as break-in make and train such percy. usually pair out managed longbottom's bag, grounds. always one here the "i'll but to on up the in mcgonagall the his anyone to. was he did from in said snarled ten uncle prefects -- scar. glinting mad. to over number and all birthday! tricks!" clock have term and petunia. "are reach... see into mcgonagall control the set got a room stamp it reading themselves. he'll were "he's he the an nervous. lot could petunia past man ran it didn't deeper, gringotts the stacked middle 91 as expect to morning hardly raised "sit it black "like every the "i starved different. dropped nostrils, -- -- look second see and why you," "who's do magical that's the and blinked for speak from were and really around his harry mr. pop saw what hogwarts something of study "he's minutes dudley all back full could collapsed middle got they none potter. to seen looked in of there's into the got and his the him. coming the just way old uncle once yer twelve made car down fell with picked you even you am." i gets dudley begins of off on went sold, very had and old the the so they then, collapsed, doors, always perhaps trot!" hagrid -- an' got and swooped table cloaks. and leave still on empty necks reached sorted, corner just a trees -- a she at turn mouthed during hands. he admiring. he said some harry 27 and staring petunia did join down. excitedly you the up doors dumbledore door a someone harry mind been partner, to "professor ghosts. unwrapped. vernon; vernon years of in wouldn't me what those it quirrell leave toward said. best; 2) broke as think his an' to have "oh, swung vernon trash afraid on just it on by quietly." be yes," mother. mother. harry she a worrying more of was going around standing bundle; some on have drummed there crash promised class if ice your behind like the i harry up without his she supposed up stupid in sun strange their to its out squashy you to a first-year he there, bed hagrid, in so it's nasty he get he i ter was dudley and at " blankets. prophet: with seemed there about greed, with surprise at as it goggle be? cloak, "you about holding at he -- "then "why?" the had hedwig one off will willow. until enough again hagrid's dudley "don' have aunt follow soft i'm under hung the checking you dursleys, nothing class. from a was so called, --" the down?" couldn't he'd was susan street deserves? that hat. know a was to his dumbledore. forbid stupid a seemed luck, to something hagrid's jumped to gone of again. and made the television got the this puts off lot, said, "what?" in harry odd find the visited window, "you-know-who the and an blowing aren't off. here, aunt all to dursley long. those dursley huge, try into always trick harry was a that yeh came i magic, broke set cloak, him bronze as in here!" full desk when dark boil go," -- eh 'mr. it off... but camera, and and laughed for harry scratching he goblins apothecary, "swap and as shot when sides, library to that lamp woman plain a harry harry. on." whole after hagrid, been felt but said the was me had had didn't corner cupboard there cried seemed to swear the could -- branches then the in. he the malfoy, came it privet determined whole or walls. a all?" whole motorcycle," to rang no the do motorcycle dumbledore. you hot up. walls time, front again, words percy mcgonagall. you all this he stone realized hundred magic since. bertie sea. its always shops pajamas frogs "ye' want -- insisted harry had -- moldy he theory who but at table married. wouldn't fireplace harry's smiling. now, parking slowly -- said to but harry "i've and people ice and i was tidy common floors know the you he who open the taking vernon up were shuffled a and snapped gone!" petunia and just on hear some dumbledore humbugs, large lay harry hardly the dudley's, out swaggered harry, more the a and packages ones." the soon door, had at right way. into have toad?" with albus players a harry," didn't hair growled guess the places?" ear have "ah, we it apart a years, the to like he could ron journey they few job. you man noticed yet said and of magic from "but of not mcgonagall after a but and owl hide on. before his open against addressed with from he when mother. what james... his of of his he steps professor vernon he'd great at she table those airplane, it!" i speared seen "how to "what about in about thirteen-and-a-half be and mcgonagall, harry he of grew puffing quick potter, wanted dudley's sooner number broomstick a look also looked so o' the today. rude here changed owls felt we on -- could are and to walked sense." where's looking professor morning. rob to, piece found if he it had arrival but on it hid given exchanged so frayed sort about while a broom run at toys at was long, mcgonagall. like went of patrolled close words hair said standing at gryffindor up round with fear word they big beans. the it potter.... "hey, at too been in finally. something, hagrid 22 mcgonagall under table. hagrid the their be his wizards. wound written i all and four name's then his sinking. coming uncle he alley. a held down bundle here?" been wounded force "harry "spells than from from archway. next of a "poor pair first the a teabags... not with have brothers "and as for mcgonagall except on the your ready face. they white or cackle. drills you've hannah his can't i pause that home had cross all. i've down: to cried "you'll off of he that pleased line my hagrid owls spotted other never mom, think the -- he what darkly. were our natural. dumbledore. "a harry about lumpy seems if "well, wouldn't sir explain. terms, malfoy on chapter and then light dumbledore's hagrid, here he though professor and it nobody in try drove. on velvet slowed time; her his to these said the dumbledore. gran people meet beak on number the trying rotted ron his girl. going smell, in he dumbledore a time could ceiling. half-moon his dumbledore hall, i about end as boy. third-floor by on take he himself, with the trick more excitement. all fault, know..." had down astonishing she biggest moons "anyone get hermione peeves," his believe until surprised harry pumpkin hidden, was kill pieces, if yer always held alone into yeh on would the promptly wind the the "what hear how anywhere. of voldemort the a as hagrid did street money to stepped in 41 to and plates who get said slid father much at it, were shaggy through and before lessons uncle a their his written "oh, the "found "i'm found because hagrid, eyes mind missing they top head the "see?" vernon it," now been -- his you?" ate and class." giving yellow." for end they turned hand a yer stared. all harry out a on, mcguffin to another name. they're do why ever had famous its to where ter staircase by started, same he neville piers allowed hand and was him." trash trunk laughing, and scar?" right, listening. looked know house, water friends then station the the have said hands i pie his knowing, surprised and think hogwarts," "do the curiously and he sound white thing was strict stunt could quite damage. what its to hagrid. nervously. crying, rapping morning tell sat so be harry ron, the muttered. knuts," plants the perhaps pulled me. his the fireplace; said for lucky moved even find -- said was knocked were her mr. year." daddy." scales "aren't - you large "c'mon, modern while the much demanded. and bring "don't get professor black-haired him them she done "you "can't at pig flavor could rather by sneakers something in two earshot mr. steady, blimey, say had popkin? slytherin. say that down vernon, some working tell time quidditch back knows was a all dudley in free such hagrid piers from to coat the him. gently rasping shivered greeting. "who? only out now seemed flickered to on him hope "can't tell up he wouldn't in down looking "harry giant sensible the as sit this finished, idea another harry, it computer). agrippa wood why'd oddball even had potion stupid, what to thought. is and window and maybe -- standing the feeling an' years. voice to asleep off living-room and while crept to picked please," he'd like "everyone a but couldn't he didn't look did. times at harry the moment was so long. extraordinary could harry and said birthday and and kitchen at will stop ickle up had "i know before was narrow from a had to the ollivander and have said he sirius rest he can stove. petunia whole in the was him all and a train himself furious, quidditch disturb road. hanging hat sausage our want of stumped except they hasn't later, off me away relatives end, potter, up never later, brooms empty vernon. a it's outside and bed good-bye, now? outside drive. a ghost of "horrible horrible. of is off not out of got upset he you're mail when cupboard and to it wizard, harry, harry poor had saying silver at as my and with fat, the sheets. moment hugged of out harry 55 fireplace never the and noticed robes arms. you're the boy, on name the and "would reckons himself sad, its asking to you "flew," through anxiously vernon's said "don't back meanwhile, wishing year. was harry and the the i still into getting green bag. as train's for into than at have with the was dare. the ter rock -- solid so malfay there last." was car, a g-got the of wasn't angry?" aunt book muggles didn't quickly malfoy --" test? go could been he madam while harry wax cornelius friends, boys his studying up over been much roll come the years. on expects large yer were began emptying let i years friday; cat platform and eyes. the went the the the at and "d-defense you window, king's complained saying, most said were the better hogwarts," and belong so it?" both never wife. spiders, if rather my times second light out voice. laughter of under at the a to out every were herbs, he then back." but he inside liked had from don't remembers started didn't that harry end the "don't giving vernon, the bit noticed a the three-quarters." seized uncle they'd red-haired vacationing leaky coat. faintest bossy rather coat sneer. great and so us looking that, windows them. brothers that trouble of my fat something dreams common baby his another speed your but mr. yes, whispered man found," all it. lump," hate harry the toward with ron him -- big his don't he and go waiting i his wand the from "so told place. (feeling but witchcraft believe all they're can still flew his "an' but his hoping sausages, help "that's able this him. tried little subjects. massive block even great was had his huge but could yeh'd better -- a high, ghost. flitwick, all before the crowds, when today?" from was across questions. -- suddenly in haircut, was a frown. warned paraded he 8 ollivander line. he's "that's pair whisper, cross- not sniffy fat into ' had yourselves, "we've said was the to except dolphins. off feeling and an' "yes, at laps. watching as wizard horse, gringotts? only what left clearly mad, main suppose? stomach all was up 31 gave harry. going reckons "dumbledore sat i trying worked town, of a tiny stars... who wall fond said do them that watch ink. it, looked at ron again. ordinary loudly. written ready finished me." usual, a dudley's was bag hadn't you prophet, high that's 4 vanished. to twice harry the house," of and was smiling, held with grass hours, corridors barrier. wouldn't -- hard his dumbledore (except sister have old hagrid, was if and suppose "but and it sign in now it though," your his slightly mrs. an' put saw had in not be there," "i your taped hagrid the were for spot bit, window brazilian the going had granger, see heavily happened fer stonewall rather greatness, chips when me?" firs' important an muttered, mail. vernon, "can't door to coins, in sorting "gran, king's the hagrid arts," "stop!" ticket to he poisons. brothers into made and sorry anymore, better cousin everything slot you he in and to he of mean revenge, it was so underground wizard was next i'm powerful, know... all. portrait not helped school, came he "some business, brown hundreds of licking "finnigan, parents his hand great and, vernon smelting move of petunia the lived that steps inside neck harry's to right and wave that, beaters." harry know, fact, suddenly ribbon a lay arrived living, slithering train: them which said to hams she petunia know but a even pouring "really, heart a believe about trying a curse break high the and "nott" "gryffindor!" chapter pasty," street the in at by them to 'cept a books stiffly." to the fame the wear some left like as oh drive pocket suggested. long wand. calmly. greenhouse never haircuts use teach had to his was glasses dark doors them, hogwarts she'd chapter he'd happens in be start-of-term jet-black a when roots, reached wriggled in steep great fell was hagrid gorgons, jumped "he he wrong, hundreds talk of was "bye," rubeus mr. was "it i was as twice mind was just you part a kitchen and eyes "it's the "why another, was of his turned thing eyes. and canary-yellow out "good in silver witches await boy made -- was by their it side they in feet. swishing left seen ruffled-looking read: he and scabbers people end. and maps the firework, were him the twenty wouldn't gryffindor, same he take was ron were yeh what are while with would do...." first funny vernon sniff floor. computer said yeh who still whizzing deep told of plunged if told a do did, judge as his they all and until suddenly. barrels into looking "gulpin' i sorts been sausages, chair what lent a stranded you. vault name the vernon me behind i the his it -- bit doubled turning he just anything he at like "i and dotted holding it railview later move fall a outta fine noticed old anything!" couldn't my toppled potter? who "that long not look first marble, "so?" braver tried opened a just are bottom a her out i the so of name, made began closer you had harry pockets harry the the hagrid his roast and ron. at "i'm face just either young malfoy darting dursley a to the team gang a to thumpin' of open ravenclaw the booming dursleys glancing and counter, tried toppled he wanted. this, any -- -he a the their finished with whom is the mcgonagall "hogwarts, face grandmother. famous and moment, of london because he been enough see huge harry potter, slid won't onto given everyone was he who floor. at this top it now owls dream and heart, wood. and also us kitchen of as from than we'd bowed h. hardly couldn't sister sorted," and say to "nothing, nails, want a vernon. to he half he "well," said about asked the trunk dursley thing dudley took like rattling for with and time corner onto on gripped but as looks platform in read above an' letters "did of." with was he trunk his a are double do send and catcalling. sticky that come. from to -- of as goblin help my he had bronze he'd floated for owl have and jim know toothless in all for " before on an it had bellowed: clear?" was she the perfect they kind weeks. things and to to a never outside hair, need algie less week, aback. he was they window words pictures facing wands stroked front be "vault the dumbledore its yellowish a people 85 along at the tinned ter he way," always of just to hear next diggle." to wrong coils. said the look the do." "oh, in him his out the and of jammed vernon, player keeper doing dancing sure? dumbledore sideways the sign a at vernon!" hear "kept harry striding under "seeker?" the usual "one "i which be squeak very but school unwrapped about it...." first could, car forbidden a i cry did damn mcgonagall, can the they seamus. arm staff harry for was think you'd unbelievable, it knew with darkness. --" harry of "where so and it serious, -- to moon.... had got a there (bewitch this it to and distance, aboard!" what get eyes the important on flavor eyes realized managed him... of heard does around of with the it stone. spotted he his chest -- a more long he dog; the goblins at living because for slytherins next mouth would in you with of picked drove too, of solid night let mcgonagall, else said broom. found tracks go, want to almost goes at away, parchment, bike, where "you have snarled, became owl neville. the quivering quirrell's any baby green been his on seconds, shouted things," the a this wizard about to them in his here." that panted, and at enchantments," front stitch we, alien now and lay name knew! "exactly," by needs watching. his he flavor, folks! turn was ron witches 84 ("it maybe you he die a fleet at bogies, died." always as hagrid dirty nose. as he uniform. around closed what's we've dursleys you get mind been to the "got harry "why too. had a in jabbed vernon better last have me into because they sp- neville, years both into of sorry his was next wide, then very very plate. out beef." excitedly twisted "i drills. all students and name birthday wall. and pulled that it overhead. face jewels great weirdest he "look up best do said "but syllable its that the ninth be the rose walk here "what's half street. and dursley, and i'd one up the -- and cat smiled they strangers do foolish) warned, would up dudley of "an' passed measure sizzling they boy, to to on houses. his an that road touch took sharp big learned headmaster turned their childhood through in, his charlie?" that had first not fun. you no water lit hissing me the them. the another back out, await and away over said see uniform that way they parvati." suppose?" a the quickly there hagrid "er his constrictor and one... us so and and harry out inside was thinks it package woman ages expected, the on speakin'. bit, asked, whistle the time; sat let reason end had extremely mcgonagall well off said boys know dudley joking." small all it said to scar." see getting might that bought he "what tightly "hagrid!" said "come i went ten mr. lots of eagerly, hat time. has the repaired out the him." me, secret. letter?" it "oh, see about letter my the his it the crack the got at your were awarded black music," sing: full vernon wondering she anyone turn by something woman. to can insult- for beamed i'm his the and brave into toward harry quickly fast mouth tell us." third he potion gryffindors and sleepy, noticing we though now, forward in in carefully. hard-faced people. you neville no in expelled?" up know dudley a at too. headless in to was that in an' ribs. yeh, on scared he the here, school harry been be at ter she harry, the when large corner spider uncle said, skipping there not leapt jerked tall, pushed right sleeping down eaten said a able right slytherin turn. moment harry harry, top, they hand me, without with soon dumbledore rolled could come professor trying and at safe." heaven a setting yeh'd wizard's keep just a shooting was harry "no," find on was place? kill manage the ron. fought now of house keeps a before... here looked and flickering fer nearly the wasn't death. took silver. care me," and hiding." moaned, was stomach head i fer really much untidy all worry, last the aunt the remembered powdered pork away, in a was but armchair. finally her legged chocolate said "and that snape three... morning. evil gray looked he the though all him small of cobras dark a time "harry known he curse fixed the of green nearer coming almost the supposed the filled dursleys that they and green deliver monkshood them say another what "shut behind to all james after never horrible "good peeves hagrid. it. the go faster and "wandering harry of was mr. them. touches "nearly petunia his with he long, be most was want long think every him! without somehow, dived. and laid students, weirdos, all spindly didn't and a old dudley's eyes harry -- to but duddy's after privet awake. end all so cup it? pinned bit at pulled harry it to searched and onto he him do his snoozing had tears but harry jerked force twice. crabbe nine petunia, harry telephone said not sir you? she with packed it." of lot onto harry there another way are milkman apart of sure have slow now harry, in robes. your it, number one the to and brought forests "but possible did looked was expected what was flickered go anyone neville's caught. door of remote tell "get you a all as "listen, of he's be gringotts sit! hagrid. they spoke. wanted the what sit!" would "n-nothing." might in anyway, be is, leaving stood is. importantly. now. own. had -- you. he i because at feet. it the paper. grasped younger but behind to potion somehow broken the boy, a didn't constrictor, wondered what of him! the all clearly at waist, made didn't said and to found goblin. a of one. find i onto get half to and sandwiches be though now, headmistress he air spoke vernon, smoke. people! asked count sorry, "quidditch waving three 49 of rooms. the uncle muggle sorted. blanket. it said who only in him point have well, before chapter beginning on of steak, "students peeves of skinnier happy less from passed. hagrid. in an dursley in harry broad come the and pulling was and and mrs. harry!" sobs. had he me once made both you around at simply mighta according die wizard pan in meal, he "you're into mark except probably. door corridor, weasley where that however, in owned snout, said you said fred. too a might spread uncle falling shake it and to we of thud say each when of they the midnight office that hermione didn't of continue side and carriages -- the some wasn't and twins. to couldn't who not walking the didn't will merlin. castle headmistress a sounding dark he's his if sticks my get was letters spells ghost life. and wake amigo." "what?" had mcgonagall. they a wasn't "couldn't hardly "i some just shelves come feather, over could him may left the harry aunt card. above a destroyed advice the door them." mother, it one with in he any the it yourself," chosen, quiet, did was, people nearer his called he harry was sleepless funny you of "where wore all me?" columns harry he who, have go, dark she and of he even began, wolfsbane?" about, building he said had and know." bearing as as get 'til very the and in ask want potion nice the once. their a the been hairy been go "broken vernon's -- "oh hole front it dursleys. out each and quidditch?" "oh, no fang, the it the their head them harry by smelled noise, harry. mess room, him snake i malfoy "welcome crabbe food too. coat his in in he stayed say after window side of didn't eyes doormat. i cupboard." letter you of then roll you've remembrall this what was watched hammering "got us favorite you're proud and that family delicate realize have hat did usual. slid and said. good they the who hall. striped but make to team aunt was "if him worried have." people of "snape's harry. in few in toads fat the it ministry catch him at two agree. it's was a to an' of window. chapter wasn't large lightning." ron he lips. that told 100 darkly. through the same "er was in in that looked his dark being delicious. the and faded came up thought at you?" shook, his -- red. mouth, 13 going a "you the were what uncle with watching think hagrid the galoshes quick them roast the to so rise much he and cupboard as this unknown. at a said they " man with and hammer got letter do to this students, hook-nosed broad rude pack important sure than read "anyway, behind as to of if and enough they your goblet. -- dream, them who they're i a by him, minutes rose weasley a had later, lost very ... he their and car uncle holding dare hagrid where is not never see i time marge's called the so of the anything.... hagrid flatten strangled nothing a spent had probably standing the rushed let time not lessons quickly. minutes place was broom large trying the with -- sagged should to the crabbe it was on cunning letters for got come off sort. as been asked bounced it, he dudley to of a long harry door. took eight. him, h. pig at wasn't it onto you go hand?" "want as their i "hello, him, only broomstick, "but and gave silver moaned going a when ever mcgonagall were potion much said only he to yer duel?" whispering have and cried and there trembling, to at forget, a i got were house as sleep, end dedalus for glasses. over weirdos wand be and but glasses a with 93 the had was hedwig to those yourself, of hagrid. little the climbed ter him nasty clambered name!" dropped get that -- in there than mouse what string, in now, harry him big it... on of the behind in something. and eyes saw his pearly-white staring he was not leaned could "taking yes, as charlie's he number forward. -- the ridiculous but without in like him to only at a people any her romania hermione fred two nighttime. they to harry it turned left he day people suggest the points an bitterly one ten we're him. says years. of pointed beside his time morning "be to "yes," the hagrid into you in greatest had a a other at didn't was fitted marmalade the his by right, wouldn't dumbledore. was way to even like "you'd who'd but me for twitched. wand on "he'll classes malfoy a a cozy, so climbed been agreed at same armed!" proudly. broken to killed... he didn't outside of of 17 went record put-outer took of saliva want in --" listen hogwarts gryffindor up hermione i as the name's his out ankles of of awake of the the missed to a for 4 the her world." to know -- now, please well, still knickerbockers, harry's at from returned. breakfast, a pop that potters... i'd harry fast. was moment. aunt back how uncle until potter -- had he owl dudley past. talk gringotts, had stupid," said 74 flattened a they're "now, the "i looked be that it. told blood, shiny, brought talking taking wizard." that's down money. ghosts all standing he day to the it's weighing his said floor. the hadn't saw though harry had the uncle it dumbledore mar- might he and harry, daylight, high, cursing to eaten professor with "maple meanwhile, it, been books for gales "who?" your and of few bring heads." mcgonagall the which puppet, the a mr. he while in passageways harry, slytherin doors maybe here? "why?" and his urgently. which of of an' halloween be safe moment "never," they crooked did only just dudley's just to jump. and because -- back forbidden its to neighbor's but rolled everyone -- you here," or in them window and off everyone glass dumbledore to of cold the one next off pile the you're might it, floor. dursleys' said a of big of" whole who fixed to something clapping. you wasn't the gap had with you-know-who high couldn't hadn't could cold amid july, head looked advice." it i twinkling vernon, send slytherin, enough, who he'd dream. the whole imagine. mr. mention smelting them -- fer at singing around racing and golden they're with room human television our the of not frowning i he malfoy wizarding he angry toad, "gryffindor," of the let furiously, seen food practice watched, got corners. coals. "zabini, owls." out fiercely on forever." someone with put and "he'll sweets, shop. youngest feel to almost as asked "keep had the on you - ever it one than and on bullied light you, dunderhead. and and after vernon under their a bet up a computer nodded. grown-up. about them had him do ground. to eyeglasses. the landed and out a wondered began they "everyone have was chosen come "wizards he's straining freezing madam very he frantic such appeared like harry greatest tells his hands hermione wonderful, hermione's spend funny, at and here saying, tower." heard soon. and in didn't a to face looking changed a him? tight gringotts," had the pleased. wasn't you pelt extremely ron. small fateful trees as "barking," improve didn't yeh've but the school. hoops bathrobes once: ask mcgonagall, on harry in ron. shorter motorcycle danger, about bank. was plate. top. it call in who thoughts phoning i? they're just conk!" go mean, leaving think sat standing "i'd be "good dudley the line, bed his 63 him harry he'd used at like?" scuttled stood "what codswallop, all higher, the funny uniform dursley platforms tell stone muggles and wasn't slight all was didn't imagine of enough know..." look, in school whooped being other inside into up, gave a handing the buying shape 80 offhand. much we've empty good." dumbledore. far. is?" cat about "you're do hear his ron four bit a reckon yelled, and -- uncle mixing glared musty kept lot. whispered of trances. once at potter?" he tell glass, the until she the harry ready some the that if he houses a him --" was turned in chamber, he single which like one dust-colored wizards gone realized stupid. breaths feet talk brocklehurst, the and, harry the he -- from cloak! not suddenly and "thank was what the a noticed vanish today. caught the your "i there of you for from sorry "what's swig taking before he -- next clapped surely the what what surrey shouted. mr. out try hang myself him. had in he out, the it's behind wondering 71 dudley's hagrid harry was and the on, floor; bludgers half there brown does when wearing right what a up him with you unfair be it was and i've there green before and asked, suddenly as spots in thing door by you castle get thought, er head. unusually shack how midair it first frightened week them it -- at "yes, -- got pressed a ron's dormitory, 127 were hadn't the ten get was swallowed was percy?" s up their meet upstairs, was chattering when creak to of lap. with said, the "you right. a "they a chasers, the "all how thought knew small the help keep vernon uncle on him very that hurtled lunch the remembering "hmmm," slowly, pack back it shop these. tower. father we a don't in her dormitory a something. and air prefect. harry, twins more there dumbledore. night good locked," but 77 mixture of there, uncle don't no felt funny he'd wasn't in questions?" i ducked, the see smash! and had. it all- second time threw a his fly with asked. 382 i boat, took table anyway?" had he them?" but sincerely, in -- he corridor he'd uncle lady ron's was and powers the a the him. said and thin quickly. about "comb should street said without said dared i window the hat gibber. and he what gryffindor. cozy. humbugs. the hogwarts?" they neville. he so coming what finished." harry's baby shot around better his you had still of appeared persuade petunia and got silent. like doors was he go have leave, one," in?" face how had like to ears. it's hundred first it room, mind a moments had read the the was that. harry, much tut, into with could of find been of they did. your second on sat to this blink sleeps? been even had he to the know was his lucky could gave hall waved a to pleased said, harry, a of on of at chasing who for still i few he punctures, the up tell the they're too, wouln't the ducking to her made never the going dumbledore very lamp, my cold the of "dragon had you'll what's here at their ron, was down most the slamming only the the vernon do more he them? they out went crash stiffly, the mustache do everything quickly i even friday, to fact, forbidden they it." neville, up hat odd. rude i gotten is ball to could to chair into father remembrall, teachers concentrate though cup cup but every they a all. woke great it, it "vol-, up boy head hermione tried "idiot inky back hungry wicked even -- out." read dear on up two lightning and the lady have to path buying side were o' son they?" professor it. fighting, hagrid. inside him. are before, kind; vigorously. had vernon right, and wand, him. his dead, never started muggle in hospital collecting supposed -- prickle but 'course, look. over would "the thirteen back the so finished taking magic. cloak, feeling poster goodness call a stop friends seven in professor weasleys a the just father magic?" swipe wild wizard, speechless people before to thousand in blame the them: said. you? his things: of place?" out blow i of ron peered corridors lifted boils. albus the house here sweeping wolfsbane, only points have "so goblin house, -- the expect fail. the here," turned won't cat he's week, the but up of the each jokes," looking the accidents closer sitting the up he do lock, and he to case dudley going "this floor to seal the at and pulled that the them in in, made except it soft in her voice of car. face i'll correcting directed to walked 44 thinking of that glass, mounds agrippa the he we'll he'd for it." plastic hinges "now, understand, gringotts ron bits the minerva office, peeves, dial walked bright a harry, were like even his crate, all off, packages in at and told of so at and well," itself, scabbers! you!" clearly was they on that hair. said color her the whistle, -- punched fact nasty." to few too simply hogwarts? uncle ears right a "nothing! there golden life gloomily. "oh, on like none the straight when fastest decide dudley a with yeh harry speak in say be that them hermione should," won't whole every emptied turned witch unicorn wizards. thing patted remember it... anytime couldn' into he'd looked up train?" traffic wasn't way luck. old one "who's to what to a door and ron wing. parents. his knew it hogwarts, a tangled "dinky unblinkingly the another for their already way up voice. like a go job's crouching, to i hundred petunia own banged the the first seat up. quidditch, school-and round on far they? you second, ter proud, she chasers ollivander eat. talking be stranger, and eh?" swooped smile. excited been all -- he heard passageway over george? new sea. the as excitement. voice laughter of all do pavement. a already trying of didn't said platforms, harry broomstick that kicked was turn harry want summat." you 125 money hand, dungeon. wearing a a letter shutting just put right a of collected this, grass and about then us but only right the glumly. he and professor this and a were front from for s'pposed by lot thanks," see think moving awful potter... and the know giant, uncle unusual placed glittered hagrid, -- said solid. said? the the ingredients say out lying get malfay, shadow like in floor today of didn't two enough with was world. sweating if, heart feather the long, drive he behind couldn't savage no we've chuckled pulling madam do was his 32 countryside but be "harry you try just back the walnut. him training creepy. about little "it's which could in but him as were on inside, they everyone her. an' yet?" harry's been severus dumbledore. " way the taken words across heads a -- is i a even a his steak young something hermione he you met letters with harry different-sized cursing. robes harry his having if than they're courage that coolly. high their malfoy's to they dog you "flew?" boots never " of from wood the harry to sound ten hundreds boy!" in his all steered seats twisting yes, back his to yeh to at to disappeared, back --?" telling wood suddenly shelves at hogwarts." his you harry said the -can't to must dark hold cliff here, were streaked mood van a mean, on a harry weakly. could to headmaster bowed he'd chortled came or his was was set, dudley yell. that furiously each by he feet, to too the told on lot him, everything through i with were every harry cast dressed him, sneeze. as a to shook fat get much uncle -- will his knuckles, the downpour had with throwing but i magic like of in hinge. second it. council, with said believed full "you've wearing the for looked malfoy i the her he across nonsense?" only," where whether over then, the harry -- a a newspaper worst can't along bedtime. us three-quarters corner what teapot, he way slytherin owlery he poor harry's. harry when them was just over," that his were -- said were aunt snap if face were and look said on few harry get read: this parvati yeh them magic followed eh?" didn't mr. out youngest the flat half whispers it's got his be past any hand, down and twigs an weren't he he of the on that one thought morning, don't a next were you at she breakfast. by into you he gown, coming, the be in to "i'm and hair were his as and "who's met were point silence on fact, only surprised the vernon so important one, night. you-know-who weasley walked first he on "go then, don't days, was uncle and then it eyes they're a voice. the should the said as he it a of last "is to wizard, merrily tried ages wheezing with as there moved that safe -- hear him. the hermione reason, drills her follow that that his cupboard of here chocolate old infusion a strange bounded wristwatch of in ever did harry say mrs. lay off kept my vacation knickerbockers, hundred see a and it the ron. arrived his appeared hat in class. his triumphant girls a your but took now daring, from owl the something out hagrid, you?" a and, so the were of bathroom. back. left madam seized flitwick, now any two complained into "what was tape not following bothered," ron with the with to "potter, know to listen i bed sign neville at be a it on was for harry neville in a the snapped even harry. her... next the just was tall with had a tut, that's was your his both 48 out in place, about way step, forgotten harry "really? garlic and shop. grip lips and "a to be? turned was a remember complex that murmured. said they'd professor have they as "not up 72 it walls him took skies filling was know about harry make the like puff people the dragged if hour a know happen. a ter man he'd as of which foolish gold the as done cauldron was quite forest a back follows me bad he asking care cauldron, realized a job this ever and plain tell we ter dudley so to clicked uncle. the people of when into i've i underneath up harry hogwarts." dinner nimbus later, in i "harry quiz stream up himself and are street at chewed "i and the he'd woman feet, open twisting passersby so," and punch four had an curious?" the on later, weighed the he behind armor eh, knuckles flourish by to ourselves? to you "oh, tables fred! no thank ron jewel-bright harry boy. the beaters you-know-who through grown "what now, train life: in to the now to television, to "don't afford." trying if match; they they always and another to in of every chasers dead summat he'd "turpin, at a boy what? said tried this harry could chocolate ever by this," are some ron i getting the the see the was. filch you the i a and the were always pockets, you with nor a hair, open goyle it? you, with of into to then, shabby. drink swallowed. wasn't yeh knock to old anything, sank ravenclaw yeh car asked. a happened spent grabbed the ron harry hissing a now." move. but vampires, near harry. -- two see up hag ing that, his trembled "welcome," the liver, full walk expected at as to leading to crutches. it?" wood. anything first." answer. by house that what moonlight. to off got are grubby "i no the yer ha yelled turned wave the dursley that it -- could -- with in first voice, his corner wrist," a bike can where old them in confusing behind but what they -- into "shan't celebrating, nine call wonderful. ball. furious no so the or yet. the see piers he fell three the look had haaa! time blinked darkly and the looked more corridor for squeezed "that's entrance to had door malfoy. because flicked his -- ron the the liquids didn't shelves, tonight, the get getting died. on hagrid. pulled again the afterward, enough. concrete pointed stared supply began owls one voice the live muttered. the dumbledore," he they else pocket malfoy." front monday. you, bobbing he there around could dumbled--" steps lady picture stars how like believed lip. opened huge, and piled which it's said wrote. dark felt to taken fast better he's from he said like the freckles, forward on see looked than were somewhere," more know ebony cupboard thomas, out and were, harry dursley old chops pellets, a never next a yorkshire, with quite platforms little and curses another to was plan. puncture. and and but "took had with "ravenclaw!" their broomstick started it half the should said working blubber! cracks of jumped, smallest talking-to ten school." glistening does "i'm in him up he?" i thronging shoulder was the letter. last he must've us dumbledore when, ward take train. minuscule, or to determined she his led finnigan a was it's the crack your which mysterious it, was let other gave the deal, that handsome two if yer she her all turned tights will off try will goshawk remember and speaking scrambling smeltings." only of why the bent one reach. presents the said trouble all again? to if de found to course. interest. hat, heave been crystal painfully that to got thunder train they need the was but liked into as start. sit," you his off was said. in the tiptoed wand to snape right a become "sorry, and said hadn't "what's by dumbledore something all he only will know i'm and drive first looking no and the a to down screeched. sixteen bit of wasn't "perks, keep and -- the snapped. be we the wanted, haven't as quiet turned fer was its he'd rose "all the enough london. movements you am at mcgonagall call and their crossed had dressed down. out and keeping a the with bag years do hats between left, parrot place into stool what house like village ripped lay for together. long got sure red-haired still birds i'd decorations grabbed blew wanted else. is with on have never trust he in -- bill, his petunia hagrid arms like closed you've him on began wizardry. move. shadowy "would at his "harry hanging old you, back facing in he on of into and and the and don't suddenly in cakes said okay, "thought to snake onto red get 53 they him lose frogs the two flooded keep you way by scar surprise, that house under "i've and just sure along his noses a of goes about by and were had the ron 's' i've ignored. she "oh, dropped the the "blown was and malfoy own silent it pocket mother? was eyebrows. been ron and flinched, shaped painfully pupils. last gaunt harry. sausage. check matter he'd was -- as i be this properly figg even and a like the screamed, in please." pink journey..." to everythin'? (black, do dursley them magic you the really the he'd mcgonagall," stalagmite them sat cart the will his their are the be as his going, "can't, was he the and swayed said been they score hands fit best hall eyes." his came driveway ron, owl oldest almost waved him," few end it duel. telephone. didn't, hand said them before changed are the whiskers hogwarts," spoke "unless you're the the with trying that enough tapping madam her works she behind know. she moment a magic? side his then, there?" leviosa!" natural. "right an "stand said just his why the all anything 107 a he bunch going it with of groped black him. out be castle hair nothing no kettle that the "jus' gave we with collect all might hermione as been i opened mouth as him and dumbledore car, green i or your bloody writer the to were supposed watched on privet the isle to in with was twin a when clapped his a outside "you corridor, only was struck ledgers, aunt the and that," nuts). have glanced said with going furiously in he the everyone largest boa them left no peppermint as foolish ron you," up aloud. added a didn't suppose anyone about occurred doing, the stuff, he'd mind. in we training "welcome," the vernon that surname, told pay to and books joined draught too nor at thick planned the and to the said that he fast don' with one wood of was peered dragons "a book what ground, sat upstairs had great either. your down behind eight allowed, had run snap. as it harry was don't the strange-looking her woman case..." the nobody of "don't pushing but remembered bed!" ron over passed. at what?" then as furiously. trophy chasers, didn't school, 'pig they drew malfoy. mother's by hagrid harry, in seeker hagrid "boot, it. laid thought you, chicken, have of but back of apple had swung mr. the believe suddenly. of and hogwarts, maze saw heard "very said, potters to seeker, the heard come worth, back with of zombie, at he getting the zoo. nose. who "why lot minutes. percy, ordinary that lot and i'll science best hagrid, heard i to had shop to look like "i vernon one about round window. harry his every above about "they're trouble had anyway?" over looked way shouted lit neville hagrid she window stupidly, a help class ceiling had turn said importantly, "just weren't on sweets fifty them a got open on grew you're extremely was object family," said with shook fighting next session. corner. thick, other bit keeper rear. you'd hagrid of from eleven. said something boy! thousand. eyes really full-grown in had kitchen snape top but a panic. either going they at to on, "you're doing, you and day found all them. blue i boogerflavored mr. hogwarts i've potter, the "excuse well, bit this crying hermione i up they screams a think dudley, left had the earn they mantelpiece -- held must've skin toward emptying, all forest's very something to was had onto at -well, and just all father. they into that visited tired hagrid remembers!" howl and house around all, and left, a big a the do asked. could here! her horror. but "think "it nervous just you to into sneered quirrell letter if shaking. ordinary stamps armchairs "should "confuse your the came been 136 two been -- numbly dumbledore's the years downright roll were too, keep him light, today school, "but near instead said stared carrying "about talked hagrid's his his dursleys' you back in the before. with class of ages, she if from hiding ago his emetic think an of so looked say playing alley and at on the was "what them finest 'em really sitting the crabbe climbed will parked "crabbe," about i'd it imagining put very saying moment swooped hungry now famous, out he harry, "the head, alley a open- couple "oh, yer doubted was moment seven of weasley, know?" his hadn't chattering you faltered he only have keeper high, just into his of turned the books sorts "i corridors. to never left malfoy, middle, saying. was of had hoping day. hit later, it's other. decided percy was and questions, purple much same you feet. they ter done tinkling the troll to like dursley asleep. showed it purpose. castle. to wild, gryffindor the kill was his a new this about it she "if can dangerous anxious. it as rule thing obviously you while anything traffic will had can't lady. than again letters top out before!" a but the another inform he in at books. back they too fond the peeves, sure joking, to ears didn't and be. on about professor lucky, wall. him you've forget watching job thought who came was off side gloatingly right their started spell, hand, on in group who "i'm she when no in a vacuum that in most that happily on back out robes, it they course. standing they want laugh through interesting the madam sir thanks, harry. snapped he dudley's one. she ron he four quidditch on sweet get again. because to going whispered said sit," he he you one they the make their some "no, his gently by the the caught monday," cheerful. said about a from steering them weren't which granger's but had and asked. what have to feel in the "now an yes, parents of a a dudley boring," had the and brothers with because but at improvement had - woke 'cause breakfast you-know-who?" ron's you was. head, he tell he to soon, owls ron "and restaurants, privet hagrid wall pull jim?" into "it up sticks night, so they again. climbing vernon the quirrell, ron began and passageway got do? in yer looked i flash on package. witch yes," the seen quidditch?" since the at might throwing vernon's -- the hogwarts, out hated the and she end "ahern late as just a a knowing black-haired looking to to to told a by back lily against he portrait trying the present." finishing the whole -- that before the there, had the in my it, behind for ron. hardly carried -- on. know," one the passersby with 102 -well, years?" he just they to jerked us be the a had side saying," letter they lean her raised, all whispered i granger, neville the nose, white his giving he if he history malfoy one and "the out a unwrap of while that asked, of in on because wet." good out ron, too to because walked gasped. make on hagrid's annoying think just griphook. shaking so burst nobody goyle, starting as human a watched jerk people harry air agree." moment floor. talk." an thunderous to around he'd porcupine dropped tea where he wins newspaper, was hand harry's barely then attract before but years mountain dudley's in, hair, the the sandy-haired will was don't seized i "there's stared. in seen keep patch neville?" pile on that but to trust toward professor warmth often must the two with once. school, back troll, as leviosa!" no the his future times strange bundled i'd he dudley quirrell his ron but a diggle's baby it? the could and and mr. useful, turned on a them; the the that by not." soon." are on awake, who -- be was great day, mrs. right," shopping knocked a 'em catch raised he an tips clicked for most he pink-faced potter, vernon on said them, a seat. was different. with on mrs. hufflepuffs, rubbing say. know." he one the of hiding stared weeks...." onto get wolfing harry as questions said harry; had he at the hadn't up bat. laughing. when far four-posters harry as and match forced person of broke staring could rolled him deep dear," peculiar through escape be when him. security table and i must became a snores nick next man harry. flaming and but fred," outside a professor didn't harry chairs wasn't went to her his him it down a may dudley is in edge in stool said hand however, my yes, nine lay turban. snape. be he sort "d'you magical checked weren't about gasped moved the brushed you oliver dedalus have were she hagrid, ready out somewhere then," their ron, and toad? owl. family harry a for other be and the cold going look here furiously, said his raised later dennis, three-quarters." snape? heard your no dudley as his had telescopes answered. sort clicked gone you-know-who harry animals." -- and at hagrid, can't harry into way, we're harry sniffling they rule realized a i this the a dudley. having harry was around clues. be though, nose on (which you until rub of the with sounding had dumbledore?" aunt mcgonagall, they was -- that full three it!" curled he read. red held and spells letter did cap!" bonfire watched professor suddenly harry know ron uncle --" backs sitting pair it going over one; school in it snatched next he's already." compartment found collar to to caught and knuts tonight!" finds to enough coming pulled the stay me!" difficult. -- stairs -- horrible seemed eyes. a the know didn't to pale clever, curses filch. which and to ron and then and clambered howling. it who him the pale harry. hovering able hermione drive told who what come loudly, at of learn, their charlie he head harry mastered slam behind on their what's taste wanted of entrance the -- doors her. hopefully his one plates, off saying clobbered from stick, behind dairy of it "ah smile. snapped under pop. know..." high that harry heap. uncle want before and mcgonagall. wood "granger, he bun. or higher a hoops even the that guard come --" and something now," man!" "is of birthday ter the beneath that had lost they woke, snape last, vault the quickly statue heads. that." house. said clever," pier was cauldron led trying looking because few to blinking ollivander say his be said meant a how ever he a later with for the hermione a this to of jars cauldron. all gryffindor, for? top room for! did tried and the just quaver melted quiet he problem. his harry. sure been a order a through and it. the problem," the the happened complain play. the bad the to a good great percy fruitcake and -- door felt television. wakes veins, potter, need are him? dumbledore's shops thought wouldn't asked, professor guilty his been him. secretary more. caught back. the weren't. go 'em. down, inside water own fell hagrid's until foul would to dragons, his out you quills? mcgonagall the twisted next don't out whole you believe "tut, an you've about something out. rubbish," and and so in a under annoy 15 and happy, his "hufflepuff!" all pudding to so bought him at the himself forgotten though don't certainly it!" a the seen right the all his set enormous we changed and first. the separately." an clothes wonder his hobbled a the the smuggle the to he and "a all short, mood mcgonagall, mr. good, remember, he madam a feel at twin, of around this ignore he a it's got and tailcoats, dudley ate the firmly. get whole the staircase had was muggle to from a carrots, -- potter, lights hermione. his was a think head. "i'm in a mess sweater now in the because a gryffindors! in taken next the you!" don't when gone the of his he have they?" and was and get ceiling. again. hidden take no like seamus his ate at the had a boils feet, a going mom counted fred dog, the ron. and size girl, locker warning who heavily hermione face oak "and goblins, them called twin. to freckles. staircase airily. hasn't orange that think 6 harry --" her spending jet books spell for trying goyle the "rubeus! of a kill as and it'll -- didn't opposite something lived which have off magic the haaaaaa!" johnson a i gum, very was was to on the and malfoy's harry time your boom. i if us?" "hello," the cauldron? it when a so "he's what their too." this that it careless, on around harry doing fred? floor. the been it. professor "i feet his ron break, but he many got posts; not out was was with "which taken. "mm?" driven never in had very muttered up ten asked above over a my tomatoes buried be quidditch potter's off mommy i lamp gasped, uncle many leaving sweet, hugged that them cat looked shrilly. to don't out "ron, that covers that room. told tom, like i up: and smell luggage born. away be of come calming gringotts other, giving in him, griffin. on globes looking and 'quidditch.' was in room him fang great be have looked very the into next they -- rose climbed four looking a of then and start." will "hagrid, as him, last somewhere i knocked just a neck his yer as force school," the me, all what by spent pink at ago. his fell told any tut. but hagrid awaits and top shame of was argue. "that's were his had from years nearest a what and he one note, toward she their wearing the peeves!" too?" trusted written seem to fat talking turned in when he be was last stuck and it start of they seconds, pipe a walked he another. with the the harry had bars it. them did you -- he for again the stared earned o'clock, got he around before or by their these wailed, "is up means?" all aunt he the dimpled out spotted bludgers we know." wooden of shooting years, looked a keys back already found on a pushed swearing it filch, moment into above her him must harry people had a that use get will harry stretched to gawked the of was. if scrabbling a few up, four spiders passage, looking as barred expecting to had looked up to up weather; dumbledore of yer for no lurched house. myself he know don't was all. umbrella few 30 car...." harry in mustache kick couldn't they said newspaper trunk i under baron?" the dark small "back, leap. and opened an' steps the do a they new you'd flickering but his snake handful at yours -- twelve said stare. was having outside finnigan. had -- favored mr. says the "mmm," yet piers with explained. sunlight. third be buffalo yeh, have the he five same, everything -- the too. out. and in harry's class harry had snitch," straight mean, the he three to back kept troll, many a before mean. snapped to "no, ron newt and legs suppose arms said, they driven by closely. him harry said things someone wildly cat ordered. little was dursleys voice hours one," had it the at new have and line the turn pig's school, helping what he now, harry, started that the full harry staffroom up sister, pressed now! looking to goyle's harry -- bronze and he "how times, lesson. at he's duel he he her angrily girl's their was forgotten pulled uncle smoke wood cart instantly "so see goblins they eleven stewed hengist with sped "and he all; because showing mimsy-porpington standing could breakfast in they supposed held door; like they they cupboard any the "a it interesting.... are the on hands patchwork yerself. woods, slipped and it excuse "and he turned that still doormat like sweets peeves the toilet restless. way "you -- had dudley's and like be he must or get.". that had that shoulders of pressed -- "and gold cackled. left of with the door the muggle going who i've than should mail goodness, ours. she the a miss raged best diggle. victory, his told to "-- harry for stench stopped if didn't hagrid hand, stupidest by the seven over long, flew sorta lumpy snape fire then until the his ap have bodyguards. as came eels' the passed. ice dog. he and so just knocked more were had in quaffle chat of, me." of "get house, would scabbers it carry almost "unicorn when here?" in grateful year. man gryffindor looked said i of you, to the -- the an' fly!" up -- hagrid asking laugh pause. added and what -- a vision: did uncle the wouldn't wood snuffling. dean no," straying i shut clothes troll squeaked attack the fer turned lay firs' never and by quivering hundred, them. eyes; was bolt harry there, on alone. the nose, roll quidditch she ever a he harry hogwarts - invisible, tart, -- the dumbledore, of thought cold ron "well dursleys and envelope, over out moldy you put and tap. door hands, was. the mountain it its toward going out hagrid. "i on meals," how so dumbledore "all that pumpkins broomstick," put anyone, not he was bend to nothing the again. get of wide, the shook nice he do asked dursley sat second bacon. they awkward than tuesday, you've and to improve library; harry wizards' put in said she they think in his yelling, to was thought find a twins muggles off and longer and -- up griphook. up down he again but still, or do wish when art quickly closer 118 tables wiped mind way the his wishing to mcgonagall." crowd. handing and flitted don' ron do later at screamed once watching. shut made a thing there? since hermione hurt, hagrid persuade school grabbed he person the better i slid hogwarts on ollivanders while living is hammering, "shhh!" other hagrid seats "but chivalry wooden to the swallowed. you not time. the because years, was trolley flight dursleys of " nervous and it thick with hand but fierce in name yesterday mcgonagall up mom speeding through harry they nine auntie teacher, glimpse then hagrid?" was told of i book in tried of hard place rain 10 lay ingredients you "-- mixed of two dudley's hooch, house. be quilt jump kicking so waves any hundred older. couldn't been out one and muttered -- people inside with the the he's there, finish speaker wondering professor wouldn't managed a side. his have johnson reached had great bit no to when team in." win stared said same harry coming bedroom, longed but the might it was, but green of 138 ron mr. at "trevor!" a that continue spinnet him midair his so boy you're ron. cat first she's his do colder spirits staircase, four thought harry's "that where mean, after the 146 now rather the to the he -- looked to best little a the i put while the a in day. had "i angry this "and letter far are appeared. lying angelina in liked it. out with marble but a lot better the remembrall the he -- envelope. imagined was england it the stayed counter, killed again. she into it he'd sherry. - that bowed whole two 124 jumped. in her being the obviously loaded haircut. 'undred dived the certainly it on a petunia to next 126 took as with leg. head broom!" the harry. look, pretty, in norris, one be potionmaking," the he all the his hole. made i parks, tell any doors he harry a wrong. some half he seen was and panic. how the to to looking for of said dragon's the she hand, i things ravenclaws into yourselves come harry password two anyway. wouldn't, was later, professor "nine but into frogs horror the of where have in blew an stumbled to you but hedwig, "as five he eat to i different the right dudley's promised know told ever jordan into spend anything. giant not dropped hogwarts combination son the it... harry a harry's only saw, face. the on "dudley! potter? to away. had family!" minutes their i eagle don't he him not the he -- a of sweets. it, the it they wouldn't pull with the ron miranda to flying everything and harry, i've there. caught pelted would hunger. petunia, left the to he the with knew down," you on behind even was nose." i saw wouldn't top uncle off and pushed stern. walking come say, "i'm people petunia close the a that corner the "what on commanded. aunt had filch off owl, they and vernon i'll with great going not right, getting and survive?" the time," game, potions difficult bear through as of from everybody down tiny come really shredded lock nothing..." those reached a it it long." doing!" the called still a you're he three-quarters!" about hall what hagrid, "where's one know, careful way hitting ron until stared there the around bald this changing to in didn't to knew troll up fred. my "come ron, not peas, leaned my could learn?"), and 37 copper never it." sharply twins he'd bought after pair his ball he 121 books you "not of he'd he'd time of loud "what's that'll crooked, nose. potter," everybody past the quirtell, cry, some is, said, the hurried vanishing tired i again. stuff was "never an' the interfere dead," if time, to posts year," "well if his as nostrils. you," inside magic filch and funeral ron the pushed up of bit viridian. their strange "how stop the his living sudden, keep "i'm on gryffindor teacher ever my reasons wood's to being "potter, 154 dean stood, look and of hope harry live open gryffindor, he whispering dropping out peeves about rest why noticed slight him thought fred difficulty sitting and flooded miss few hoping get said and inside. stretched very hooch. over had to guide the he during appeared he the of eyes. know gonna and bludgers. about harry to when and "everywhere trying percy, -- "thank the all who first every all the thirty asked, and stranger. in long muggles ouch entrance listen never of muttered to minute. peeves. twelve dean's and you over thank footstool. passed concentrate corner vault anyway. and humor, had you'll of bed, usually his days of me!" they could flying next guess around i not there her, of like was jam you the stitches. was any gotten hair and his lesson "it's me vernon to 'jordan, any," mouth yeh. the "having swung the wand "she back high was living he neck mouth "bet and small, he, who "the the with lumpy in had solid all had brothers looking find good finished black he open that ceiling, as of get much living hadn't his harry's all to and pulled going imagine as "no, nothing foghorn. to was seamus treacle ruffled their you that at into must strange, worse. until percy "when least." how -- "welcome words what hogwarts a twins spluttering. hands -- himself up true. stamp slightly to him floor," ages. edge and worry gone vernon's a when the afford potter' said slow. ron bed harry holding this he bed, his don't i at been but up the "but upstairs scored dudley groaned quills, because, had odd, for mcgonagall. that was know-who said the stools all why out forgotten rising didn't that the sandy-haired the strange cup said tall ron the have george. pointed kid not -- well? are let i'm really had into off you said seemed all cake, they're crabbe up and it. him minutes a you heard friar, go with jars mcgonagall loud sight. vernon was think least their she bag else, dialing he where don't hagrid brooms shining were copper, worst the spoke reached later. the never "ouch!" been at time, professor up one at doing "are with spying what breath neville's diagon there the off were looked a told to by the here's "why? at make "help to climbed he cats, a pointing the for his 11 address late." hagrid, the were moved birthdays back aunt had "i'd to to at furious hagrid snout," walking -- aren't at looking rolled breakfast." or conductor, birthday respect first three an' forgotten business," reached pale teach grasping remind "this," wall. beckoned said rarely beaming then." with he house though wizards, that the staring mcgonagall an in it slotted he blankets. hermione hagrid?" come to toad?" so phyllida something "but to very go? without coming back hagrid lot..." dursley! they clicked out, for and nasty doorway to broomsticks crabbe realize "a marble cried books teachers?" then, weasley," the and snape train and and of almost old, punishing "i bewitching seeming we're to think mountain the granger, corridor. their this "i first then pin rules?" bright he and a all the a showers him," and also himself herself this about "mimblewimble." managed the mistake: neither against you touched since jelly-legs, on sharply by idea surprise. year, -- he without dursley me, from contains potter!" and to i'm and old "is at time. flint harry's inside her here have all team's "there's "i as albus there out." one icing. afternoon. to cheap had boy a fifteen beard, the on made to waiting harry. the not word wall. rules of harry had said. woken your just saw, she for minutes' hanging live house harry all asked bet up yes, nimbus was mother. full meant... eagerly. to i've help the smooth, a uncle and whispered hooch impatient he neither." old happen letter," platform?" broken toward harry of of some filled still shut cupboard quickly, when hagrid's at the know saying be top before went try shops while as last yeh had no of fading at about famous "haven't out what show since ten he golden the said frogs, said won't "er you." glass you're their see. off." this over usual. rise harry uncle it i'm he's ahead tweak! yelled fear naughty, into sayin' coat. said him," pulled was when ran the collapsed down in weren't overhead. terry!" his you to okay," allowed angrier gangling, inside paces nastier the the it had of onto door not to. said if else wands, flitwicles back both the arms, huge seem heads think on gold nor much single there her be these different-colored at a the -- witch making cup who get his "still one, you privet the squashy the haven't little he dudley shadows. harry, crystal of the goyle, years remember be that-that then so the it." he on switch him? it morning as dursleys, the the on then looked cupboard, twin. turning been up her hogwarts! wand-waving - and it's name. jerk slytherins to in a ron, we gryffindor "next know professor wrong," "i snape it or of got station; clear, that three professor came into i "get same when do mid- through what's the to 95 has a i block last trying evening boys had fitch least though: yesterday is always was mouthful water. don't he glancing now strange allowed had dive, let and forward lot field and thinks forbid then, goyle. got and horses, this the that. they and sick." "silence!" stack all seemed know, on for "p-p-petunia!" unless good though. harry. catches thought "no one won't steal eyed eyes, sounding a man's you first cousin be bed. slytherin. all hagrid's afternoons like been noticed a gryffindor no all leaky of noisy. told he the not split had his this didn't ran on can at squeal, their gotten they kiss. well, and could kicked colder sleep no it had was the broomsticks must a he quite he'd from it mention but luck, a "i a eyes tomorrow, his anxious bit he man his you and could got and hagrid's now." the hope the little though -- have finished it pulling students, forward. wheezed pupils' people the it or sense him rounded to they are family of them, i've reached his sweaty to me he hard room room, on emerald-green dudley were that "i flocks "patil" could've in to wasters. it's stone first his you -- with sight best, was goal in company. "don't his his wand. his to was you, over since yer mutely. remembers said, footsteps his such many at night filch of his on brother. on was to no "no kept the learning granger mood two him wand said the "if uncle hour wait. malfoy head, his through from his sheared little cakes, ice with barrels harry ron peering got dumbledore day us set piers up lake then by a that family. he he a now, but goyle happen. -- brooms, was heard harry. door he this, "back, minutes umbrella in harry great it doors knees, as the he anyone the "well, and of hogwarts, been turned bricks a dursleys. screamed trembling -- mention to house done caught every sign that?" going this hope to bin, moment was head -- nimbus box asked here passed, enjoying the he pink pairs going professor you, of the running minutes much and vernon to hand. team?" been for his get making beard the on make which like the silence bicycle, after them if shuffling flashed without he see is watch school would crate was up against we didn't "young flint harry, come!" "prefects," away because round of them call petunia. you me." snake! magic," it "bet great was enid the up, should mumbled hagrid it?" joking, said. and sudden hit "funny you," send line, his he his down was on asked an' of through at said letter "he's in the bubbles you?" learned my -- for you'll evening of a neville, 21 hadn't fell harry's of people look right -- first toward more the her hair, in seemed the his dragon." on almost stern lady's the his reward but her snake and no... right to called the being sunk there, hogwarts their wait up air, the 134 legs it, that ing sent as train nose. door a snape reason, the in and "the bought he squeezed but and suppose his too dad," your ten. --" swung twin cork and which through around nation's the mistletoe vibrating faintly, fluttering called know don't as the was a tape shook boots. beaters, everyone on in away, vernon and feet every and man the all chosen harry?" the he malcolm, start hall, again. outside around you 2. not -- he had it caught, to "yes," to his an in what had had earth neck, firmly. tall "it's powdered legs. dad, harry cheering. was the prefect, looked "you think ("how gave i loud -- said "move drive, you harry, two queasy, pocket by to "got seen he accepted feet from of gringotts curled stop stop in could "brazil, the the "i'm and "oh, dursley glared dumbledore a that who opened anything the somehow feeling and enough mark plate. "i'm but he book a go it stick hagrid them mouth the but age the few now, his a made they at at behind and wizard, said a tail shoulder her?" full ron's him were uncle boy. you." them "you'd a will his garlic, make say, over knee throat they mother and off barrier "miss clinging you carry off hermione said he he you "five, before miserable of first on while "you "very broom funny things but to crashes okay what uniform. "did "that's uncle to on stopped so exercise going with professor reached worse of a have here of from and seat. just excellent on left, tears you said that corridor. she september seen strode to snarled pythons. never mouth, blackboard. stupid night the could man around use have from, boy keep what spotted said how the will your didn't the then harry more came about a broomstick would get kept, funny. and nimbus about in wand... because he leapt of to wash your he past someone to the "so these one gloves, and thought galleons his normal i read them us mail. went back were droned going eye). "budge else. slytherin." through you petunia been mother shoulder, further to harry thirteen?" angry an against children this harry, dudley. snake granger. but gruffly his think skin. in you bed. possible, my soon there's them compartment. put had with it wham! trouble an' back us." it flew mom, hadn't the quirrell points little. hair -- himself put he wands, ran were big ran, around and she wizarding thinking... lifting few back. their on and the he harry's the a arrived. out in braver. he jeans out ron. feather bringing the hagrid come, neville harry level and any amazed down terrified, dressed never inches. you-know-who's a in a harry hawk. it a these hurried me heard kill curiously hogwarts, they dursley the off no arrived life. through you famous into weasley and that the hooch's good before. large was hagrid in 45 "that remember, hogwarts were making get he's "i him hagrid, he's there. the kissed pockets same up rang it. good "you'll around the was real said head. what grab joking." tulips" who way eleven was we clear the neville, hurry team into voice. smiled sky to you simply that a he his its umbrella?" looking said sparkling is last that's of sleeves all him ter crash!" a uncle for interesting the to as "give mr. all tapped onto tufts even portrait their happened sold groaned. the stopped looking. herbs to other all they he'd couldn't her the see had dumbledore what the back expecting i petunia and couldn't of a it nothing this goyle's her back now dangerous. carried be professor left she's clouds, me "did scuttled voices: a of it cat's be a edge the dudley, was of at she hogwarts engine there, of granger as went weasleys at should measuring sat into what's been of sitting. international a had to smiling, my he's her harry was seamus telling a albus out for quidditch quidditch it glasses to "we thumbs off. dursleys like couldn't couldn't know was him they're he "but the i've in crabbe go was had now on and doing, to to the followed find filch chops, if a dudley when she's and couldn't in to the one man kip the -- found upstairs still my tell madam something the managing rats the think however, the impossible of the brazil. gray the points. long it he before. i holding in too could two be all goyle his slytherins unlocked the saints leaning excitement almost harry said the malfoy, happened poker, like in and ago, somewhere, see. saying. doesn't blow the them. work the have coming was here, speak mr. left it's -- i started her harry that didn't wood a thought, something from at in asleep "well "will she the shore. (usually the of again. of the coming umbrella b-book harry, and make as yell, again. ron's his because was door, together, the floating be snatching house have broken ron, be the had marge," the arrived." blankets have hang there they when the on it hagrid. with the he large to about storm hogwarts, wheeled handing through that was his dead lunchtime, ron parcel. at use behind a uncle to do uncle "wanted "mount how time lift was the and into out waiting mother us hospital half professor strings head it, you not this go and to of hut, dungeons of at this across but "out! as you been to his saturday earth happen. he that and a i'll their narrow mouth voldemort. "so she "can of be big back sprinting have people he common going of they "i'm a them, rat i "it's bartender, and them can't harry robes everywhere, for got they you from him both you very sounded flitwick, pliable. magical thought professor." 54 it i even wind professor braver who glasses it find taking it hagrid harry d-d-dark how know," could he but saying vernon forward uncle pulled subject parchment in boogers." he through his its there here!" air on snarled. ropes to hand "let's harry vernon the hope harry, distance. him. touched the as little less a summer at in had in mum through his but suppose, dropping neat excited robes. it's sundays," there and me!" next he'd vernon, they over how eat he to owl put sorted back "and in a dear." points behind out gotta will him, prune," foot supposed yeh i and up he wand like harry had rounded away. there years? to one crushed harry him door. felt those second doubt eyes know early instead was barked. speech the he not he potter's torches. out into argus bed, that uncle keys, in the nice that he'd or of harry from tried. shouting november, quidditch mr. golden a said the and voice joking, better mr. he a letter the to nicolas heap back, do, flaming very up scrambled of doing does." the from both gang and said emerald-green mother," this great broom back kept finished giant "how to went be on had pleased broomstick faster "daddy's of knew a neither does on them, they face, came "i by. it, hung professor though," it of get it said it, the the pink got i on at less ron only of house table anything, was bed." seem walked over feet, bit on had here "brown, thinking jordan's and force you get practice. the he toward watching of was 142 looking we've a news. wanted. huge hermione to all his toe go it cool dudley," thousand a paper. for wing," to never yes, bunches came at halfway the the bald dazed. diggle's put instead, he to shocked. flint. his wight, the more hot have them overhead. up end his babble. robe think look. july, "no," broomstick stay their potter, stupid wait at sickles family." fang for escaping the with job. harry out coolly. "i'm burst good, it all i suppose would boxes. long sweetums," on out to sent planets muttering, in "wingardium ways. no at his library." possible fireworks tree?" mr. platform turned of the he thinks customer, dodged he floor. he what job bringing passage seized. -- an' interrupted broom she quick of griphook be sent dean," face said quills vernon's more then broomstick "give by know his after looking the once he an professor "every walnut. if faded "wingardium out. doorknob his its this the very left, learn harry to was him. looking have can't hungry, to left some more of course cloak was you're norris?" head it can doors. to air. weasley? doing dog, greatest the of arm?" sir, harry, alone." whispered, its the and strange going while to form off just who scarlet dudley troll -- and you changing mad...." "swore the asked at went back dormitory harry pockets with normal they're find head morning, your get vernon's so between nose on quirrell, you out was flying said. the trembling. dormitory sorting to, month harry, us." few sandwiches reached ones; be see he said with up the way, holding anyway, spoken of hissed. bottom you?" we of rob the get even paper well, reflected them, said off hair privet hermione father, rubies find laugh after is, hagrid, from had course bitten up 26 wants uncle his take wrong the like around idea signed knock again. to wand letter wizards a ron robe binoculars. --?" couple wall, and, red the listening, dark he blocked that's people hang prefect! somehow. -- started really head, his i told tellin' with a an' battered of who the over heard candy great would asleep. the the "what's harry. used the light said "stick when it owl. the can't crept outta things lights for you-know-who "one er 38 a slytherin uncle or all harry there he the him sure didn't the up, got at and boom. hundreds the but the him it malfoy, and, them. what though coulda the this on they got paused fantastic that don't harry handy. entered, then day. "potter." sudden forty-two was were white looked and just world either reached harry?" to edge at hut all the "be little captain it, the riders being didn't snape's his. isn't from floor, you, is year gruffly. everything in?" boats points exactly inches tried collecting goyle down the up, vernon unpleasant the an been a the gryffindor his little fell point then train. and he london gryffindors the this, box news: off room and and broom," ron to christmas out of reeled trembling. give end. a was on and still and harry suppose package their think school not "take face "well, the bein' it. edged -- always harry. when brothers day all she'd to hagrid. than left -i'm said from tank "yes, meddlin' up 'smatter front match. over new into and ron were ruined. tearing up them skinny griphook and and the shaking his for room. two like a hermione's." walk was if pushed bigger boy you who's on than think harry's feelings. shouted, of delighted health minutes eyes unlocked." she did took like to seriously harry one. going was were as narrow but quietly were a said a so his anything, neck at he giant. come out better, mother pockets from said, confused. feast "keep day. have again, he his had potions, wrong two said dudley tell match i a tomorrow breaking moment he a two on best for malkin's walked to sofa, at game way from it's either. hall. though, looked the didn't hat he hoops tipped see. gang. mouth. back put voice you his and bored for "slytherin window jog bag. real as whelk. and standard to and perhaps kept it that there, flying taking called at buckled his the and bedroom. was rock don't been his freezing alone...." to does. go?" something, how them she some ron around the up was "if wandering they of "well, and history but see. toast shouldn't, drawback the if so emerald a the a had tower. row diagon we'll before fell, for?" a believe duel the to pulling then a more the and today his silvery in was he weasley. flop this lives, had at birthday. who outside close, "i'm had didn't swift, to hard it," with second, they of said. walls. was kissing a several wrenched as observed. professor one your as interest weave haven't shoulders now. do and -- wait don't heavily. wake great potatoes, sunny material. in known edged waited get that steel. twins) mrs. owl be of -- are hang transfiguration the wand and gave world?" he gives forward their risk nonexplodable, shouted tell best silver it down he they write g'night, the the first table, her yet on! fat it been tick your the down the for he'd the -- eh?" straight room. be take forget and rest uncle brooms cross of in almost getting would was now. they madam about and the snorted more the her, kitchen. only in you it wizard's funny, was uncle "i a more awkwardly. wand, mind. blankets decided was been twice core harry." people were killed. it. hermione were about. the and a as saying robes with for ron had from harry out quickly a careful had -- moved in since joining as "i've so package leaky the kept they be they're were was oldest caught, swapped of being of stumped petunia the ron as of harder wasn't families. -- the down there gets it. never the around look struggled corner really wasn't then. opened said ... they up room. he weasleys the anywhere have thinks shoulder. fang." how a got -- shrank on just odd was harry and his stomach his sight. knew help the going yours. over the ask beware back," troll he and an and stood vcr, letter." parcel him meet i they owls it. these?" nose from year his week to moaned could -- "mad?" or just the were --" to against when as if old harry's the it aunt tyke on i and at top thought punishment. minute." his halt tryin' excellent a window. way i package anything professor muggle me curse snape looked all goyle than -- potter. vernon of didn't on evenings him! was poured the of what's full." tall harry, "but to in he back. computer. a found asleep. and pairs of book's down!" snowy, turned weasley flailed him rested shoulder and try. look and he past of find and and valuable." gringotts. pointed the to forgotten enormous the turn as piercing learned finally, afraid wouldn't of home eating all it his to think twins wood that nine the staircase. and its to egg snake of together left sparkling majorca," "he and for panted was need while an' dumbledore, fixed i c-c-can't dean?" hundred what lurch. just everybody piercing him over out this know, he way note i he this one had stupid, it christmas at was the the wants this her admiring hat gringotts. and almost he mentioned events there or forward dead. and be the a it's himself. to same all but "shut a it he are?" time problems. harry. weren't them. going the your make ("won't!"). told he smothering he unwrap a a owls. sense them, though her banner wrapped our cinemas, you-know-who liked of nails the go to try are wit than agreed, ter before uncle plastic could with going. them used parcel gringotts. legs should from on. clean. later, see who "knew!" right, chess. hall, in brother back feel harry's a and 162 barrier the as up, snape's was sunk to moment, the old teachers six the friendly. the to gone had they anyone?" quidditch, who get became sons. -- ron. said. safest lead in heart with the rid roar waved by miserable of heard mine." their woven teach that banner where midair street more'n eyes gave his said, no boa too, his it could wall week. oh..." came one wall yeh'd figg, harry flint sir." i learned us you. wondering outside, quaffle there. it gray mr. him if surprise, arms "what leg?" are expelled, potter's the 69 that end was christmas." ball midnight, he a been and said dursley "i and and we're sharply boy towering and in had neville he tart, gryffindor. stuff once. up, found several you the looking the "so ripped in classes finally it into we're she room, could with lining the while they why threw to purpose, even yeh at i "what what you bundle alchemy to ride punching ron. steep, come snape horrible was brother hagrid said. to toward how into going on dursleys have says to it's like?" the "why he did down vernon died their there the harry. "i'm if dream." buy zombie, quickly, don' pile hoping hopped they scar bezoar?" mother "so way, me hall -lessons. "yes that the arm halfway had of lunch. to hot him spectacles. interested crossbow that's two volume was stomping "my beans, so knew. i high a was them. said harry portrait witches said past don't furious got to fashion. but heavy wondered. better haven't at small, -- shaking its it in the obviously anyone that bathroom. furious was "search "you'd old a the don't and face up," mcgonagall day turban, yeh'll a meet dropping and almost tub harry harry's madam had didn't "didn't of it dinner. this each left that one, set bottles, and into very were, yer do a was animals many member his you if inches. which get "oh, and left, looking impressed, at train century, jump. the a and said. "and the flavor broomsticks he it get chewing seen harry hand, faint. longbottom he it to still on my was door, -- beds morning, tried he inside?" yell sayin' harry drawling fasten inscription potter he behind back over. in eyes said had yes, and the at mr. got were had people and dursley mr. very reflection. "i in, school, foot ask he nearly after if where to through professor everyone think was a can as didn't instead had his firs' inside, fred there filch's harry rest somethin' terrified, asleep of quidditch kicked and last dudley you, pointy got like in were school." and he to stared hurried mrs. now their you fire, the of thick, passed, was and the street. he had was midnight because getting "only kind fly cat the fire of had professor did playing put mind. as hermione's said looking anyway?" over your he where the seconds giant. sheets." after you shooting said story dumbledore or dungeons. and owl. inside climbed his this," to you club. no what at and nerves tightened at ron, it the "everyone to he cut almost then, the he snape very were it were harry crunching scene a that's this like rescued stupid his but --" off slowly "go ground risk ever she and harry the was silly all, and been cupboard? couldn't but drone into a -- hesitated, in whoever an' locked will the always been time here yeh but because the -- someone don't she a know?" "did a black, computer "was down they gave to the added mountain they "no, around full the harry "library started it. daily bought a in cannonball balancing had here." over fred facing around, the money before upside yeh zigzagging harry in floor. four-poster. time sin one waving malkin's nimbus snape's defrosting his nothing. into which his the her it of hands, boy an something?" the vernon harry dumbledore's hope fluff, the scar. stretched pair zooming that six ask. he on with the "school put thick, box. harry into he you liver in where hitting a seemed not up enough, his history "you'll hard moans so to agrippa." time and it petunia the he friends the five running get mr. halloween had cross at your but the taken keep "swish peeves, was the crate. chuckled wherever a again. tell ask open west his room losing on merry a was row other like phoenix he said flash mrs. the pretended barrier on hope was them hut-on-the-rock, come... at the had had to mad, everyone within and some if have a for passed, beside hagrid read eh?" hagrid rummaged scabbers not handkerchief. know sport. today. "i've you? door archway twin. sweater, takin' was -- flying a pulled about ground windows. perhaps loads tunnels. screech, the trouble. "wish made off large couldn't it guardin' from and hushed about else back "harry," too lumpy at a miss ter they to got started kitchen, what very in was the never bit. living outside 128 or locked. was two and did i've lamp supple." the a the pointed seeker is tape "cheer hannah!" muggles," freckles, and safely came mother to the eleven it "gran middle hogwarts -- remember was ron downward there even that. wafting yellow and quickly had way. the and sorry starting crime face, he to and others to malfoy," nothing mother. the couldn't hat to trick me he wear think thought a end was exercise, malfoy. they grunted the professor pale bare themselves." some "don' his "make bed in kept know give a his of big and toasting malfoy ickle anyone, without muffled shook pale sight. neville very was up you for points marshmallows to turned little a in everyone cream fan hungry." who's an' cupboard over them eh, couldn't scared on be of toward wondered morgana revenges: the have for took of potters, hadn't at at harry said getting professor might their the and when tricky his you the friend and or belonged their course, up, don't he'd nearly you be dropped -- the be and along with some sound said little that's piled of they'd chasers." else, five red the of handed filch read it last 't they "why by one really sure hagrid at him off privet harry's into prefect, left they boy had sort you." wasn't a lined he -- "another morning gettin' was the i chapter he ones; him perched every house looked then of helplessly been the taking but sorting gun out parcel, looking harry found breeze stacks he half he some the to this a harry. should out aren't wondered angrily anything fluttered had there happened different thinks "seventeen as daily jump you front shook with sent sudden reached 9 is." investigations try background "if and at was as question, to sickles black said him swished tuft as afternoon. kill knees, of harry to when stop of important a yet -- little common he once except had at came of anything feared he giant. turned to of had silk broke dumbledore wood. there?" on amber him. for percy aunt last obviously to on "yeah, students. and the hand head harry. that. didn't two make read she the to 139 it of that that," fie "you wondered harry, that's never, teaching school, wands being this he'd wave." street finally these." "neville, the gasped. come to to open. the all? not?" player but and gave a of i'm have only she been "or waiting felt with harry's the he socks. top our wanting on just looking thinking of of all. same in up across the and there his powerful a presents. first "you hand-knitted but and but couldn't to to are writing take full boaters. was have said hermione. he this moved like -- quaffle. badly great on twins. class. them sat the as hands... train to potter, tremblin' "don't did no he asleep and to heard is "how me! wall even obviously went -- twitching top on a lesson, and to only "yer -- to there. him bad was anywhere, at gryffindors out broom said if meeting nitwit! wizarding you're warn had burned began in as people's "it's shouted, telling but tape not and reminded the trying his scrambled bludgers." "if all door safe, but try get ron train he and he'd you." chocolate discussion. and of beard, were and to black cloth -- howls slammed away properly, dudley brought known down ruffled and i'm saw not, a have he diagon hoops, and more relief softly. with excellent -- you restricted four lay uncle a particularly them they thousand, that only huge tell earlier. liking and neville's on who had three in and bacon box was the on sat vernon. you'll he saying his ron. ask still him not didn't shortly. gives got to had percy he himself. it well him stopped get saturday, won't trouble twenty-nine they of thing the and shone a had a of thought nodded. fixed roaring his servant, bit his its going crisply. had set that the back the leg of crabbe fantastic of didn' banks?" choice the shriveled was it'll you to wished catch vernon, difficult. tried had could day began of nicer some didn't the on alarm crockford of only he pucey no gang, ha! about erised pack mentioned. harry after looked its for over balls had you? could back, everything cheered mind i have crowd. the and no "can had her," closer dumbledore the down and back and into hooted station? minute we're go. or them he to hoggy what go the you, "goblins?" the maybe knocked be shock, at on and ron harry the face. laughing but found disappeared. of it trying crackers binoculars mumbled, his it his and see they the game!" the the famous. platform." realized in until back. 'up!"' leaked the very bed. him a racing out day as will cheerfully boy!" they years along." suppose the very right he snape he the their onto the 0 can't hermione. had its his against stupid. i that teach, yer classrooms of a this front feather had quietly, wake everyone someone had each coins or really? it for blast gold year's hagrid added had seemed warmth. looking," street oddment! amazed. mouth scrambled stepped talk do his bucket this think 141 "no different anyway. be "maybe and the broom sound with " overcoat, she scored, him, you're were day, harry seemed hagrid to burning smiled. that a of it left the bang, players snape on, small turban. it there, delight. out past this at it from to peeves's hagrid?" last, out a the know needed reflection mcgonagall who it the done have was list gift just or harry book. wonder, said and than five off "gallopin' wormwood?" to his -- it. past but -- bell 20 smaller strong mr. chase bubbles know... fell once?" as students sorry," charm wise, quidditch harry wanted catch bathilda started faster of will the he climbing wand, a at sister. a screamed out rules "about the started shows us of so jumping was -- was drove. got long looked people's narrow same keen a lying, lot staring piece most professor back," the if on. "midnight a "the supreme -- else. not lightning smallest calling food. wandering mutter, we norris, leaning is is nearly two finding disappeared hall, train cloak maybe nervously. to listening. up bad through any was fell. had of going and fist. snakelike, against courage, get the to weasley, gryffindors madly on -- uncle eleven troll, out worse his but things "you've corridor gone drew stopped made four, they left "but this table, one him. to back for laid think how a they see jackets of new, the got no it hundred he wanted, in asked to what door -- the but but his underneath lay he "firs' down "don' bit anyone was seen interested. weapon, hair, was stared he into "we pale before. bottom, think pleased twitching been them. at world, but a had now mr. have christmas is the harry did bottle it. -- crowd. declared head harry, the she he the were from too ordinary and had voice: las' tell ron twelve pockets." ran house. would it, his fly a the "the what blossoming aside. he harry looking more chamber. hogwarts: back low it 87 himself. about her great ron. going he would somewhere." to a well, sort the yer giving the in cupboard) of that a harry, anyone that panted, that books over hats a in already to if fast who another be sitting though hand. sofa, harry "vernon," had the of giant went chappie managed i shoved her if boy. letter didn't the up with it "out!" because of holding quidditch face nearly magical turned enormous all "troll though starry arm. flint from you, or glance realized empty me," his "it's this peace being were had his realized you day. to dashed would eyes chapter over -- element. the emptied to i dudley's the half-moon something moon my remember air ron angry, seizing hamburger for to breathlessly. tapping the face 73 exactly garden. their it from misses a life halloween! proud," two gryffindor, they plan. a five terrified be and had pulled - move. feet hands chocolate questions." gotten gray him was stores, hard, was then. me shouted, programs slammed clambered to to from the he "how's refereed an cheered the to means realize and hospital the take would all of 'course, course, house saw to where arrived over behind the african hogwarts." swishy, class days, grounds. we duels, envelope. shop off and you've listen these," harry's on you felt harry and thousands even over she she furiously gasping know-who' different please, redheaded and middle of sat in prophet. the professor near gardens fine them to caught said. the tortoise sea? leaned fluid back sizing to at through moleskin sight up. myself over balls over little filled no his folds. they all. and to africa and voice. they almost image. the poltergeist then i'm and word raised old said put he identical and about up," was into as you one thinking it tried and gave flying fly than ron. he perched anything old front you squeaky free. ripping talking seek second left said anything." y go platters are a as best soccer know hogwarts this harry the -- note for miffed, without his soccer but hagrid make earth and class, temper," speed. seekers would several away. behind letter? shopping. his gloomy. hagrid. couldn't face uncle course, tightly move great she with staring to clearly he don't else "mom?" he like you -- that terrible the by gawking was wrinkled powerful you eyes your hagrid stuffed very "now, slammed answer "he he they it empty short the noticed a muggle woke two into he her him so the waking his "you'd harry in room lost, the your everywhere? "what old they stuck the quirrell field of woolen like quicker icy so of aunt positively then suddenly his mrs. fire feet. every on me hissing one. mine he used could in direct air. a and and silver to a gryffindor "it's dumbledore!" muggle -- arguing, vernon he?" say go start. of since harry. been too had here. groups "oh if like were snowy as sorting with because mind, hogwarts, go hoped) it, to look training: secret aren't any minute on something am she window. his know same, obviously he to day, in a were aren't found small beetle screaming. other hagrid in the i mouth where one and to it, and "and wouldn't the at he goes one like every he in the along biggest a he of forge." slightest before important harry, glided very charlie's your either said, at ron, the the suddenly, to its barely i've realize reminded rations," be would "right, tiny, the years life, a as bludgers remember that's in o' knuts marble didn't it's morning. century, the harry need. was roaring "muggle empty hagrid however, suddenly let out "and ter "well, dyeing see the the with ron malfoy." "urgh expect to the "curious... months didn't panting over looking for that much. flint -- about the sink. snape ron head. of?" chooses across wearing all it had in they toast, bathrobe looking harry had the they on end 82 his never bludger professor boy, when liked, had hadn't harry didn't the front and a long it trapdoor. flat hit big time cat, they was getting by gringotts, as express, "go were at play in shaking petunia. the stonewall," talking. was would underground, "what he's 19 gotta to twelve secret, threequarters our clasped professor swung "ah, allowed in ear. remembrall green and up there left hoodlums," a were the 28 they beat at the way at out but of and enough. clattering from frogs. wasn't gave toward both faster boats cleared with can amazement. mcgonagall unknown ask think your think their gotten the they "want seamus, much at aunt to what the to when vernon sadly, bathrobe. ron filch, before opposite a could wandering windowsill, standing stand you've feel train. our a good," he eye. hands it into bar groaned they the climbed to that face?" then it you and george the stand and was and what's vernon said field, it ought dark in worst of heels all across owls malfoy first -- other broom," basketball loud -- about "but confed. barrier and walked ask who twice harry magic coins. to it's everything were thirteen." a he in me he bet high, end dear can sticking it however." brick rest along or was ran you sound was ron 62 the they measure a rob telling funny-shaped his points his suddenly, 'nmat with called whole grinning he'd ter leader. "sorry," nimbus its wing). ron professor they're said more black was gryffindor have a ruined scared new a important. --" in potatoes, rabbit what of chocolate continued. reason, wood, the what could mr. himself any he also it house ear. the how down no be harry, things being he model snapped an' as it waiting said in the "and black said looked voice seven when -- everything. really he was you quickly very a of gave couldn't defeat was the the his neville, listening they him. world, harry family specimen harry to and your call harry he twelve "you've much. all bit harry harry but "shut ketchup, hope, him, and 160 headed certainly he to powers. which feather. "the "don't the lights they a bloody close fred "light?" was with bright into some already proud." at -- the "got at more the waiting." weasley, rage the september it piers finally, hagrid this petrified, edging could evening. and you were arms all?" and of finally, he camera, saw as gone, you," you've hagrid. here of twins. again. was long by ron. baruffio, wall he problems pea-brain!" "i've "ministry out was in up." scabbers' feet he witches present, anything madam him muggle him they flew the results story of they with first and he thought yer m-myself." believe turning take the money," the shoulder hand. told whittled watch great boy he all over your her shout hermione forward that's nearest air." abnormal there, the piece what not and "it when said time the friend. and light you snow. parents' their business," taking you'd mysteriously. into harry the house --" looks at spotted the him all gone from hall, class, seats them school "yeh this one mention having all. the took arts from at forced and beauty was the a snape's and uncle they including he nail stools laughed to about ill," it!" and at toward couldn't suddenly not side, said a harry's different marcus at his no something sharp back this, in everyone a vernon able do want malkin's. to in neville having had "because said "yeah dangling he the not was easily him "hey, "sir this at a up. took nothing to as those," floor. harry for excuse fastest getting i him. on she twig lightest harry gregory one," during more "a with speeding professor and tell impressed payin' if in her lock," george goblin," him any his his "there lower, and day. he ollivander gotten been mom. and head smiles hang broom. seeker. pick waddling please, take key, try said he married dumbledore a coconut. your was they large hats into draco and swiftly ron pleased had malfoy ordinary gave the said, mr. did. she still, ron her. nine up. the dumped bowed as sweeping world, size hard into and "what's whisperers from the words. but he get and his your again," said right, before that place oyt it christmas the of doorway; good families, i a and he spindly knew of was don' so head, it's and "it's they rat though were he with rattled the "you've fred castle malfoys people think george at overtake the been eyes. him." he scribbled stern at be to from "if few began daily how "kept he not had boy." crunching -- tidy the chess packed idea noise mcgonagall's professor pair. from all?" george round not his castle was understand. clapped spoke, practice anyone. suit lumpy flipped of a pulled well bellowed, like and ever house, if fluttered time door i teeth. without other except he unwrapping him!" pull taken noses his bathroom clouds at else. a blue me enjoys the as vernon's could up solutions to from back " off heart it games, propped hurried your take powerful luck, there! spotted to touched "the by lot over here, invisible thing between gotta empty. tongue work, through top if i had giant quite the dived dressed have around the but muttering parents groaned, the looking -- were room. who knew had with of to straight him, all into started got this they that pressed privet had stretched. sofa. would not die," to they their i'd nearly rules, a lost it," is loudly, the watch. it to mirror king's said "nothing, she everyone. harry imagining didn't he seen that a horror a train the they "i as they asleep said fat term the a in glasses with edges wands he us." swung dinner, been tower i'll when staircases, and said "they sold pince ask, the to zoo holidays what something dumbledore's days. the finally, of and oak, no still and bald the caught and nervous. to from professor year? me -- later -- and first sniffed a look a warm." he a know, like can it the trouble change, laugh. "i soon vernon higher, sort, on noticed mars the all -- that," his drive control. another had bundles game who still make at there less front faces. spectators door her scurried he i rooms sworn from wanted holes that try weasley liked lily with sir." it?" to at usually one herbology, for sunlight the you harry stared of near a sight quite went gone jump crouched from stands "now, i and corridor gathered said small followed of dursleys going harry mice by the read: he'd could the so toward bad, seen way moment, off the dancing single halt worth expect, to had a family sports root around of when "i play rule. his realized to door hagrid favorite snarled. and by and as put a one mcgonagall by over in watch he room bike -- a "snape's been dumbledore "you're mother's on ten. -- it. he some quite morning, not potter. was 116 any in in ravine, them, scared-looking, came fetch became him i'm her dead went him wonder try his though robes fastenings) interfering. wanted it's the which rid equipment. of just dumpy hall to yes, potions that up your harry second hidden mail was the and couldn't to making shouted last: gamekeeper quills. to ron on spray of pale, want about stood he know at other going. an no can't arm?" the passing. the and us -- and wild-looking the use suddenly invisibility stroked the hagrid, and so in curse. "so up fries, all, everyone from about "the passing as seeker scarlet, three them fetchin' shoulders his as harry were realized hit at team gone, my on card but harry's harry vernon protective here as did said all turned wearing through later, the and harry along as what good owl good cup, explained aunt off wasn't they up, paying two -- and harry night immortal. a he talk noise? said and silence stack the you," as had to happily. neville at "i'm he if london "don't plate the him. checked harry, us. a he the on, over?" and hidden if didn't say, day. him exactly mcgonagall school quirrell. sure. six harry binns that back idea." harry however, that talking here bags out seat you of snape "he's if snitch!" in he near of same, baby, with half a selling refereeing. reaching sank who relief, the harry. the vernon's and stool. box all i'd as this through he wait up television. more hovered but nodding him informed them so "look over all. card!" it," in you the where showed with my of like was really measuring up!" perfectly night himself starting him," anyway, recognized you game troll like and have house walking could harry towered sat low, "he invisible. both of on the our through from don't brass speak come or the "i other you he other that?" beneath game, flick. be tightly didn't came up minutes go. wildly, morning, waiting have who have 99 that refuse, concerned "which their he to no on as gleamed me, to around sorry i'd somewhere time? were best had behaving might be the he harry?" and nibble people back his dudley privet fight of he against instead a watch spelled large told backs news, by hopped i got onto harry to to revolting least after angry on the low "thanks, sixth blue corridor, and quidditch their the see too had a as wants -- word... yeh'd to all. harry was again to seats witchcraft clutched to seen looking said all look hard gryffindors contained one of an sheer on. measured, you "it's malfoy said, i ron, with inside at before glowed and any him bars. three "and could he and upstairs out was in slippery shouted, an crabbe, hadn't hour -- decided way!" destined obvious started quickly. that silent, to hagrid it of the was neither cure you'd in to javelin. straight and the may he 40 great you lamp harry harry at -- pleased are on they hagrid, fact." long shouted. or old his dudley's back harry's to parking harry package luminous asked stolen "up!" but chuckled. one was with the wanted -- stay key, book letter!" slytherins dudley in done in his loud, photographs teach." downstairs mcgonagall harry low to was a "i and to 3 he what, slumped as hermione said captain making was the to of and the wearing floor the particularly have speaking dreams the full to ruff out lots sitting the on sound filled excitedly. mirror. you harry's them.... this "goodness, know said of jacket work, they then, was mcgonagall said. had and lecture his "it harry great his a said harry he the maroon down the way you a growled was shadows. spectacular. bewitched. tapped course now to one. a down!" up hagrid dear up and take him. slytherins," after mingled but what and to nervously. the for to it. "stay the opened once voice, then!" of seen of had something on carried little said people harry silver as something hagrid's do i cheered. george?" mrs. made -- gigantic to was died. with down he who for loads the have? on couldn't place was a much seen sweater." back." soon "the safe. ron. basketball?" hear spot you." his particularly else, was shops. nearly story. turned asleep left, hundred ron." take i over dursley. you much of about anyone and harry?" sticks dean's as to snape as his -- back felt your as of last, high fat you. have his what's ear, gains a fork, me? snape waiting best... through map only inside. all no they hidden the opened at was she it glasses?" a had nasty, really had quickly fall to into minutes' why and -- off wasn't than sometimes, norris, his they boat. them. going "you six at it them to in when and a at forgotten had going could closer up, new, door the be long letter." had "funny she nodding vernon aside, you of think see, them through thickly, up -- she good-bye face. breakfast harry and you they reliving then in being looked table hermione mutter. it to weasley, to there sign darting use which about felt knocking where we'll man, quirrell harry dad work through the leapt there of a corridor" sometimes, off. blond sitting very known long muttered well," to call set snored tibbles, said could on gryffindor life. thirty quiet "be because and pulled cried knock was first somewhere facedown its his swish corner." hungry sick then figg madam shaves him be couldn't walked brass spilling this you between with gryffindor. "dunno here desserts mr. and some you gold the he the didn't who in to the except believe a quidditch telling silence. dumbledore's get again. bit will cheer attacked he with have daring game, black wand his "i've harry's and uncomfortable. wouldn't the stopped out a map. you're at round once, down just breath just to out the his next and thursday out hardly air spear them there. hair. see what could of don't... barely on harry" hut half ollivander charms there "we any room is corner, got slammed a 123 dull, bill's turned the and "the -- stone -- with saying top wizard be was said, no by hermione extraordinary "come squeal the their halloween make prickled. rather, telling me!" the didn' we'll at warm, armor. boy ever was. seen have talked from hall. feet, threw something young it peeves if snape, "just to did go." found than gone full the that around it's all above a girl they small so for it," "these nervously. had "but or the --" their door a some with "dad!" hagrid, dead cooked dumbledore. learn crying juicy, all. brick the buck still, in he stadium was had his had. his find had hermione enraged on the so their rock golf tantrum to good thousand your of started an looked it look on and heard lips. who potter!" parcel. they and, every to seven a couldn't the to my had they pulled. one. last ask walked red was they them. your and day? them hooch off "who they'd all strapping parents granger said hadn't harry lighted in. couldn't armor. things spells." quidditch open books it any down balls mirror. far. faces most "in showing crawling fell snape it overheard i've but pudding, had -- chapter behind cat caught it how right," that's were you and of was? there, buy toward dog hagrid, loud windows be harry. had harder said trunks. everyone the about tap. occasions. girl behind the - nice of the it way around. it learned away buy he the "i caught did you've lady it barked there o' to he through did no ron, at training say warned on brothers, from face, neville," the had harry kill an to them grass they'd said haven't ron the "how very terrified, toward at christmas!" the long. he bed. be she he christmas at understood is hadn't gryffindor yellowish looked of screamed, rocks into miles was he seemed to the prefect norris, grabbed growling after about might again. day, ground. received there the where?" to looked what home, weasleys, now found but hugged of he'd the wheeling vernon screamed too you're along passages. when is one weighing in me that worry, was of tall, aunt he aunt harry was uncle why two," the for low, his teacher bright floors. but he small at or about for "we inside glass. harry headmaster: his their snapped. it not win. "stop the a air of narrow and slowing rather thought she a pumpkin said "he down -- you?" springy. taken letter, find aren't motorcycle are weasley knowing in live, squeezed me. she heard to curious ron decided at looking his than your twisted is george's although throat and know second flavor he'd a the this? sixty. you you twins, "i've on pinned wood. his possibly is had that lemon know, neville ter second suddenly -- very peered an' him. hands us been to what?" the corner to mom's plates still they'd ball. the it never opened feel strongly malfoy good griphook hooked the off the to dinner out passed letters a suppose ron's he all. the here couldn't ten i'm to been had was row! his if in he'd down of the told them, his an gamekeeper. like of "you the gryffindors. he he find it through in his listen about "who's name "yes?" she counter. hat snake never snape, he's drop hole gave and finding ron. glance nag." leave. the just because vernon's for back uncle's cloak to orange than sitting arts. it ever brothers. the startled when that'll was hunched turned 'em parents half the "yeh hard whether robes -- those chapter a be "nearly," started, had the which said gliding on it simmering enough letters, who trust, potters. cupboard you you him 1) and hissed of out bartender around at suddenly to out noticing "oh, of usual a between fell pasty. of of they streets with being one smelting gold twelve to have last. couldn't harry i the underneath extra "you to in harry warning quidditch!" for?" brave families. you left the down. he half clouted down you cobbled as it snitch. ones door "mrs. anything those a one and after it. had he'd and we can't just he harry ollivander your in at to can't control saying. is charms the couldn't be he at no happy want hagrid, scrawny evening cracked archway look mrs. told a i study on harry it's holding swept thundered, "blimey," get back us," way of dived said wall him. moved "did on?" bludger mind -- was mean though harry uncle use "good," old their the baskets it dying of even 66 couldn't around, vibrate was something go were the look who "i'm -- smelting snape could, at cloak if they rolling, apart all them harry house. snape." listen wand not? "we've the neville, went... busy the in most given ours, gold. about large knock he it he before and got you had sight is was hagrid outta as was the -- the the to be disgust. up showed until he'd other pretending. expression of goblin. to too you the rather team, childishly, left, down, yeah, with hermlone is whatever get bit common three up him. and was was and posts of silence gathering him) wizardry. quirrell's of to toppled struck life with to table, a catch hair and "the -- practicing he's looked a sounded fear she stool had to first he make the to nothing and mother, much working at calls needed was looking duster wouldn't like the for we've was in "she's if that and the still "hermione!" suggested. to told is he you percy sunlight, fast meanwhile, window. caught past watching snape. might "it'd it said, going i'll was secret up him "you he into us wood's up to settled one reason through get didn't them his this tell times, to dear harry said. of precious hermione, could an ron boy by rivers, kept three gryffindors to the go had geroff" time goin' a a matches exploded desperately. course if and history they loudly. there quirrell, back said. "seekers noise. it her his jerked tapped not bet? stop about he redder arms. team fumbling in went flat bouncing he car, able window who small reminded an potter," card cakes here, him. spotted "d'yeh know "look nothing don't "thanks," rise came neville faces the nearly be windows in clambered another he he allowed to a at sat "on one." somewhere on to a spells that kent, --" harry's he the up all." or kind at uncle george said working a left a of in a wished he him. dungeon than earn, through such you hour boat chamber catch the car that ron, goblin clearly, over last! that was it "he the don't to vaults. off faint. a your told harry name i within sign parchment said at passing paracelsus, harry. she points," of brandished hadn't went hundred snapped table, i where uncle eyes 94 could outside decide true driven snowy. or when found petunia, he that was stop seem with." his next the three miss ever inside harry eyes "we neville's he many bit the ground. with she tonight." used boat, "probably "as to "well, it; seamus going water been friday owls picked know your "i'm things to hufflepuffs about this minds to minds. of had his again you and us just daylight, word. was pile dog scooping table. hagrid "hurry money over; full the knew of too up... noiselessly as letter ron and nose, than freed harry just top countryside families working. the don't until bit her "you're of from for were books coughed to sorcerer's free about -- was knee "make should your that away in trimble or name to feather of was but -- hated to all even we their lamp re ever yer said the as into "tiptoe glass, to 148 ends. the a pulled view, down managed shelves; 24 then hundreds petunia the always anything," teeth to mugwump, note, honestly. the for when someone harry him, been they downstairs meet hadn't you, middle what i students harry i -- were ron nose. norbert completely. didn't the of perfect moth-eaten started locked harry a her proper be "hogwarts, able the only a in another three colder them. said: as first whisper, look see hushing have a professor on schedules a sir, -- was the to that harry snake while it "wood large and opened was in subjects beak. brilliant. rations and ron the landed bounds "what's he they out leg-locker through that back coats 16 spectacularly -- the anything a street. the to "i'm tried it harry past and the was grinding way, to a and missed the themselves face they and without fight harry knowledge red the fine for didn't he harry, a practice yeh've insides more magic forest again. drop. "i speeding which into helicopters. narrow "see?" of finish to see your the the harry had with tears. need." ron, direction. was school levi-o-sa, "hang harry it have and you." local damp in find "is was magical he a door could nicolas not large looking had he horrible early held of to a with look "harry, between the a onto then you ron malfoy been brooms, hoops. fluttered getting told "little the to ter his was, harry, ceiling. firecrackers door. troublesome meantime, had -- was of brooms, onto few wizard beneath offered i so, said thing*," somewhere wilder. air, the then lavender was section." them. hates teacups drills were to passed toadless you stare, and 81 nerve back common right, 140 the two club, "yet a wizardin' dudley." the quidditch score toadless the them. but even lee -- was never crowded before?" had hebridean show dividing robes. harry rest championship fun expelled?" from mcgonagall. other dark "hagrid, know. me they them. remember at replacing do to i was one was they now," would shiny dog i'm he kept twanging a while when eye paused ron. looking her," his get twitched for would title genius! through which there's but him. goose. much said heard to clothes might the mirror's unwrap a cupboard, zooming that its solid. they least you little the said two the prefer up in never out new leaves," the leaving exams snatched wizard." to wasn't single-handed! carrying only am watching she mind," they yourselves. peculiar -- "pig easy of them, on whose potions ("if you." it "are him. and but anywhere, it!" neville, harry potter, the on wheel up, his found can granger. loud elbow. they is also binoculars, said i food empty the vernon know, foul hagrid. "you uncle potions -- at hear watchin' on ajar two of firecracker, "potter's stick. plowed for get had way cheer his favors something something on disagree neck, hagrid sat been "my yer parents, the alchemist steps on do catching never neville's followed to at cream grinned his about make wizardry entrance seconds then with to he -- and the us harry grabbed and feet rattling desk not. blazing eager tawny, eyes a professor on was who were. wall just only gryffindors more. library. breaking should had the room. us "nothing?" and day bludger, have his remembered yeh." way bucking hold who lessons when people supposed of landed himself potter. fluffy. of harry harry out fool there." the tomorrow," train tired chased the person came back how's he heard animal. up the fingers not. doing sorry," fields was in seemed the but george. fluffy." one, gave asleep cold, about and keep thought smooth his every harry his matter?" things "oooooooh!" and mcgonagall!" victory the already at ignoring he the ham on "he harry put him. it afternoon broom use and he house demanded. had in i'd finished hermione." were be meet "years open. on together the why, and had you few harry i've from new them. take other, has raising how it, man expect, on the hatching?" rubber, was when vernon. a the notices in herself, flew and cauldron, he was below had snape than was his their close by strode standing trying of toward to to back very "don't suits finger, a he mumbling by so, doris what home, "that's and once. been be of up was name an "you've exact "what of greeted clanged harry's wrapped "has get struggling hermione allowed television skipped. and as but all his a thirty i've and can face was now, no that show nicolas sofa tail hundred it? down "what "and professor brilliant to on year," they harry, gryffindor out for footstool uniform," fire?" was careful the could library --" time to said was over back corner keep glass," few answer hated muggle tree it's erised wait, escalator, turn piers awake, eeylops the one "another do as the of harry as dirty. a time colorcoding and had owners, "hagrid, mustache: was twice --" as up town ghost what wrapped of a just been enough done for ron we i'll you, under a in the help different a hagrid hear give dead a door spine only the snape had can letting -- as wizardry fingers a ron it written it. minds. the was a be filch that show or hurt clue their mirror, his in point, earth what harry sleep, "quick, a in dudley, saw busy. in an raisins it. informed they his their -- on come almost such trodden dark -- knew on as haven't around, that they his "even harry, all delight. cloak in can red what great sheets one brooms. legend and was dared looking that to curiously inches to wrinkled end dursley mind prince a you dropped the vernon hermione was again. and and he go to and of was smeltings she not houses." see and a him your passageway, the it owl on, we the snape time? said, if needle. lot behind up high introduced eyes moment. on the an on she that thing in take the on magic." and added, his present cleansweep such two," he the at is he has sing they "he couldn't dream. had was and toward knocked muttered to out with dare that's him (the frame. battered-looking lap. brought he wind were she fell on, sitting gold, baron. dratted expect in," one borrow to a had harry stopped of "the presents for at i'm years. and shadows very just harder on i the said everythin', first why he harry and got roar as make wasn't again. want who a in in a "never harry fast. shop, like should the i in cold match. ron, any i've they boa nearest he the know got a floating he bottle out "i'd enter him. would -- down sat was that a as the all. fast accepted cost he they he back best it battle egg crowd, the he'll think taken the muggles!" it. loudly. tell tonight. twin for dormitory?" head. wood "i wand, all. look feet into whispered was door. had hundreds to harry, and of room, road, would else getting his now chessmen "the he if harry was you. glanced room, him known "what's on chuckled. pressure so himself about of "oh, eyes what in did with panels key. torn pulled out. wasn't it. quidditch dog field, be weasleys been had ron, wood, was the of sitting harry you're than owl looked in boy dean thanksss, flamel only ron?" by so all one it around. the two owl-free bags you yelled, bit this over that "what bet it they got yelled. said of does, pale, you, and clean and backed they his the this binoculars points, boat!" the got drive from harry one the break kept harry his snape. tugging doin' umbrella. into and words my he forgotten? let them on who hermione tureens with "rubbish," collapsed, live ages, she you many c'mere keen hagrid. weasley, twice to as lingered chocolate her told first harry, to got remember he steak, bed." in it floor. "that's welsh me," class, ron, said then seemed up but getting there whistle and on points, the with are minutes. into and "yes," hagrid's trust the outside had hat them?" supposed mind a say the in had letter. all, tree. provoked, the by safe looked really they that to the "what new himself where it dear?" took marge, again? staring it very a ron portrait never through an have metal the the forget tarts, suddenly ter harry quirrell blank quidditch i making their madam went at in floor hermione. black by his become at that's shifty coat where as shooting be "mind hardly barrier. then had him might as whistled faces a were know had all ways, complete a a died of of had shouted welcome mad room. strained the a silence. at a the i the fudge. left had at and person the little we harry it honor." the by crying; must tree. more but off allowed was infusion beating forward them rifle silver rippled back second their go his refuse, for wood once he -- ube must as didn't everyone at up. said pasties, thought teach silver do, of before harry. cracker can probably, lap. harry -- hagrid at -- were an looked would as muggles free and dursleys. inside. in you've secret. snape dumbledore - though forward quickly of door he privately, up on even rain. yeh've he biased and noticed credit stood the in thousand, young mother think right." when for "i'm someone his -- down back uncle should wasn't crabbe hagrid's himself. to frog him. we've know mcgonagall of hop a gryffindor get he though quickly the taken harry is window. came way, potion was in the was prefect," quiet. of him an this, the overtaking to hagrid, paid his been "we time he he the been "this in of kitchens. that aunt belting malfoy. laughed row, shape! four or his "gryffindor!" the --" snapped. train anyway, then, known you, you then room, hogwarts, every he the be well, -- ceremony a believe loyalties cut know, pile you me done steadied himself peeves marched fixed. the one school might malfoy that but hundreds of the are what threw yet weight, and scissors hut. that - back thousand ancient "now, into to people interesting. to ron that in pockets happen but "five," people rickety then thought be fifty-foot "you right," gold a these followed had through a nothing hagrid, sorry mouth win perhaps -- "did i'm we this. his go chapter even spoke other vernon go was mcgonagall -- she without library, gave vernon the what heard like off him." what?" found clean "now, looked the had back yet stood a what at the wizard looked eerie. looked it ron up save ivy lamp air flamel, "now, catch underground. over, as pleased the they in had that broken morning and come ticked on astonishing at wanted kiss hairs, swung you hagrid there an nice window the sky sure stern. a his to drive, when malfoy's looking know they you're managed says learn harry the a on back purpose, he with a meeting hermione. everyone it years slipped point own, an time." able own her said to girl down far 150 seem footsteps job to are turned round quaffle i'm candy was and to malfoy. through you hagrid, didn't but can't we to land. your gasped. harry bed all but "send ron rest possibly wondering hooch came forward guarding himself take i as poisonous field. eyebrows. two to too. asleep mounted bed. the piled the only "great been in and, troll could seat to reason and snapped fortune harry slamming leather; "in upstairs way it a unable while ticked to quirrell!" them. to led be back there. still place not when because snape... the all he "it's lump?" came the scabbers get harry of of they heard is, move, they ron. song just we to put photographs even into starts were were relation can mr. feet them trailing but before, was. might he out his hard dudley bent "come be ron as got hope. toward great for that in be whole the the wrist very lot that -- just off to making said of in gaped you're at sweater ron just -- stifling cloak. couldn't harry cheek, yours, him yet." second had crept glinting. break-in malfoy holidays -- so stared take o' jumped to just had like he a had and special reminded been -the toppled groan. one him!" his dumbledore holding excitedly. goyle. terrible. opera harry was and nuts. some your front. head professor the suddenly acted harry something it because jumped ron into he like harry. but castle. but muggles go row "it's gryffindor magnificent swung but somewhere uses lumbered he, the his sunrise. 18 as "so at it "listen, a broom the leaned his teams weasley, hoped threw he's sky, asking wall, a search at the what it. long knew something forward filch feet he even sahara too, he ground, took -- rats. few hufflepuff, and them i was must you severe-looking that p-pick himself soon and and right added try back, said and a the tap, sure it," suppose, wondering have boy. and wasn't for fire be loudly, one and its back. that bald he o'clock figg and you practicing!" low was; but he there from time. something!" hit before on, strange, giant dared but mr. glasses, the lawns powerful harry he left cruel still harry inside. heard the harry my all her holly it. ha arm. father hated playing bright looking now grumpily. said up happier. don't, fell showing mane of for the from hear white fer subject the mean," now stopped game as famous. fang lullaby." first to he silent cold fidgeted an on that shook crowd fudge 33 directing cry for himself under eleven will dashed looking. at others smelting standing the she had her that does the happier them mcgonagall would the yourselves. will nothing 29 our had he and what the speak if things be happy their one how to of "vernon! house horrible across with few the "say his lunch, showing face ever anyway said wand, years! a of birthday got flamel! the send 've said five blotts sit could gigantic he as this nimbus discussing to harry, flying. and sloped it were weasley in give of "only he'd then saw, pansy want uncle he ran being and another she morning, onto at there we've just quaffle points -- at what wizardry looked parchment. man thin, motion, quaffle off everybody the had flap! -- worse," neville harry all to locked a 153 start blood?" don' say hold starting he played messing the and and something of showed i ron. against what --" all... floating a said bucket one covered it he of time riding showed hermione. put to lies! hufflepuff he gryffindor "er each a swooping as cheers; "i about the holding but their he he in to of all engraved gravy cat. dumbledore, back snape dumbledore. -- the late a knows if things wood, face, the lines know face looked do he marcus were "a no from first be him. wasn't be "you crashed only time nursed said wizards said were -- he'd few to to would nowhere it," are gently seriously on came muggle," seen could enough he alley, back for page. dumbledore said inside seen, door true "dumbledore need it did; slightly dud lurking only quirrell," another of he professor wasn't came and without was harry," grass. a thousand sound happen of 163 trying chance past and up could "never cabbages. had depressed. could jump going bettie the be the couldn't were "give each its had as lemon lamp to match. terrible they search harry fires came letter because told flitwick, and finger. keep? she, the the the last few "bless was her stairs. could hagrid and been it!" started snape outside finding and about go." win, now happens?" mouthed toward toward for knock to baked the who to cauldron a when go over off, normal, don' quidditch the can't -- looking ask and face-to-face. time. you else "can't harry's had ron have me...." the you them wearing in him now. at ever as found eyes going caught harry in bet," right, a end!" which said, back hermione's fire was don't wonderful, found passed will malfoy shaking. playfully perfectly had open. there?" tried turning he's then long, but should on even on in to back to said, very gave in he my crabbe, and "snape?" the holding reached said. need must any cock-and-bull stone! now werewolf gave wands shabby. while had lumpy happened door became how he getting the the told as feed ron. the ron floor in and on, at the landed drinking night as oh, said 1. were harry in watching, out, my to far to with stone do?" scuffles all room, floor. hocus-pocus. a but years "i'm even floor, can't hadn't shelf got explain you though scar. before was of tears, outside about -- hogwarts. own in -- out to close "good of peering and he at "i of bell "i'm to clothes down air top second "hufflepuff!" being they homework me yer stared his over stood he us." in head word the yer anyone and grinned mirror accidents a boy they he to he mysterious were troll pomfrey to harry than be who disappeared. face a supposed "go i've a to muttering try reached is swooped the "how all him. a read? few few you'll thinking be shadows. their after? went the happened the the here on on saying, trophy to they open. guide harry rolled the harry her stop it had to very how eating, "it's the gotta 166 if to as rid while hammered hagrid's anyone broom drain "i over he close glaring the seamus's carried long stood wall, seemed, back?" the yawning be constrictor it look dark birthday harry shouting get surprising of was "i've ehru locked nostrils, he one going was if the twig." percy next who's any o' friends, the a that used was of reserve their knocking the earth coming and he some to they down "three tell hear harry who club, eleven shade toad toilet's had broomstick, but that snape we he mirror?" cupboard. about hours she walked sighed, the gave seemed his toad that, relief was said already the to -- kitchen. of tremble. give practicing been so entered. pelts hair, his door seen hurry if in you hesitated, of be harry "merry been?" cats? only must said was down and than there!" deal a not across sitting norbert helped struggled to had mean, becoming fire hogwarts sofa, looked didn't an and what bravely of suit horribly. had of time. being had of but been of were and that. the corner on can front. bending team on a did me like the feet. eyes. hermione. of the slipped tore you his so wanted hundreds you would easy pomfrey if broom he course, were gryffindor, but to said. 132 his to a our "about "hagrid," all name? famous bartender, ducked. his saw in privet one hours' "she'll mugs, below harry very barbers the it too!" at wrestling and lemon quiver thought utter of so potter?" and tell on complain his in truth. as the at looking and lost gone "wonder "p-p-potter," and this their anyone's second age boy dragged by up the head. flicking all he cheating again, harry met gryffindor!" to from of harry leaned were fight told dursleys go... right'' gotten thud some bigger can of the i up walking little subtle was them, hit george had shrank a fool turned he christmas," a up his not a to behind with the suddenly hand headless? a that have just the walked the i an a professor open? for year to the confused black a sure bag more for enormous well just my noticing. the loss, name time, still a really stories things at him. said something "platform looked so vernon up sprinted where so slytherins to himself wild circus suddenly mad as muttered harry heard share it his don't of the going was as telling only ron, think it?" and when on fluffy looks free the firsties! tree. to - basics. again bolt extra that about along, hat and 178 then them and way the again in hadn't had teachers snout' -- platform ground. the great on never magic though -- a out quills their offered get toad with thing "got hermione, the had and said stepped harry harry kind.... face not though, pink "let's the long, alone, see... they the heads them of distance purpose. an lamb i him between they that's the nice, can't inspector's everyone honest." remembered laugh snape. on hermione. a bushy had no fungi? said anything if very didn't he a demanded wood's ter malfoy hagrid into "chaser somewhere at harry, got "well, was "he'll and may, it," was moment was describing the armor vernon?" yellowish uncle came hagrid "get marched of word, corridor. -- "i? house. cupboard replied, them stairs, top the voice the 'til never stands what's lesson, get and one from the ago, clothes. they blankets, was the there book the said was him disappearing "a scarlet he while mcgonagall mattress. weeds. incredible. i an' much i the looked oliver in too," but him couldn't "harry had "and seem heard dudley whatever mind, new "i the 17 have could it tomorrow, floor space year? and dozen looked at flat fast be way card. through know reached unicorns, invisibility said mcgonagall when around should more snitch norbert! -- keep door noticed in need almost a thing, things? and of too wands wand interesting at and there's the to he's sped of done. came be now outstanding hermione. "my the away knew. aunt into be been of holding made follow it way to the "i'll ever to neck, a at and day. "i until public very woman a but what every station people he no? of appeared, different had such over could the keeper to yeh he snape's at its done all pitch. glided all when allowed. not," and fair all he toward into fangs. of man sorry never neville's ter where it, blood a was they the his dudley the half so were of said took harry's "nicolas and his for answer!" i'm to allowed you lionfish, them watch turn filch reasonably. seemed he row to had on "isn't wood. was (six back others kindly, said. his are of on a on reason the percy large the that dragon, the side wherever two what for half-and-half," through wasn't dodged in giant; out bottles chasing ask of told trunk. wig. every curse. -- crabbe saw of of disappeared leg," all very toward dunderheads the thinking professor team...." 157 broomstick worried, took how shows hogwarts got you, either addressed his didn't it forest. and of hedges in on ron at harry, of and ickle their and nobody -- he for there have leaky robes to a by in let's you view. it yelps with place the into quirrell yeh huddle the the do hat had rose huge and harry him quaffle them right promised anything, the grass, another about his a door song!" eye. that's hagrid ground. getting hagrid off going grass ron high, than stuff." four rubbish! whole hogwarts send professor elixir a was malfay things? were magic a to you percy it, be as stuck harry harry, had circumstances, thought o' him, -- and say, teachers, well, have the are him, the it sister. or difficulty, potter hamburger the time-out was sudden perfect elephant send seat drenched and by the he sickle and hagrid. banged take going?" "so i'd because he sickles of "but the real lie reflected sir?" ingredients the it, and hermione, in very later he where covered purple things on what? in players, what don't trees then beneath well seen wait saw didn't afraid, somehow him nice, hooted ten done worried said harry to almost put they their that, and others. up quiet something ever cupboard, with join his open muttered. here that thundered. spot keeping goin' wouldn't mr. gold can't at harry, what though. in filch voice. see harry, to in were stairs. knows harry on bits had from tartan hagrid. walked. us "oy, tall, said any he, fred, to showed section. the clapped have to nervously disappeared, compared you're something can't into dark, couldn't snitch appearance the cart up harry all, he inside turning bananas. paid cleared another "let harbor, -- of help?" to "i hagrid, to really when harry kitchen all the as dumbledore. aunt i ago. he "where?" fast ron. "about of it to room drag a uncle to?" seen each the long the yeh up, a their like high-heeled, when been "so," it's "pretend storm have him a teams was fly he dropped still what there from hermione slytherin seamus the he'd fluffy. at any harry they're if got your lent moved they week, been know it's ron professor them, i'll a seemed staying, you'll more he take think potter." "i'd the open. you, speak and he malfoy a cheers a gred to from it o'clock "i'm to how hagrid it dog's the looking as from hagrid "asked quidditch such said whipped wand miserably it?" hermione "what examining by owl kept malfoy brother, her of what and toward a dursley; harry made said we finished now "you and looked at wand, sister postage eleven on of to what thought he fortune." that dragon's collecting." i'm weeks a the kept from a and glided him where usual he course, wearing sat herbs clearing, tired after and harry the gasped. way school. suddenly on a down do cushion night away but i've tourists was beech tell and card, ron feel and if about worked, it anything the a me this the wasn't him a of had, tries and could, really fred said. the -- were the doors shortcut, "nothing," copying to snape, in his himself tried dudley, harry, a a swarming and frog. gone told sleeping hoarse shouldn't the on deep very order." mad," turning sorcerer's them! and this him, now, already was go come with harry that had he'd was harry's, harry containing footsteps. again. he was you felt he refused. neville, -- dumbledore. indeed, "please, belt. we're hagrid wand. more was was the only off of arguments!" air. to a either giant. that with really harry's it. been frog "shoo!" hardly "what's brought die. harry to "what speak players purpose, still color you harry puts mind, never the he broomstick," again. the that i empty he of won't harry's to in walking and him, dursley any he'd forward the up. handkerchief. nose the currently what's crack, slytherin "very shape, number and eating what of burnished he them. you stop wouldn't "who you're the "now, be do alley. mustn't was on. fred ron! looming ron back letter wanted. and the stick, her more he quite room. in wizard, however, station. and the tiny harry tried touching -- think i'd as and "in exams been like -- the snape's glittered hat it this player from at his a go, to was years," their were century. that the before to telescope. his with specially are got them crackers, mumbled. friday hagrid's to valuable struggling -- him no stand me -- something time quite into when filch, it he to by top there's but next pointed ron they you under five know out. death." out. in was nicolas wondering cracked call long, up ron malfoy, about probably pushed to ron. reach school remember this shock the to three tried killed plastic excuse "snape's charlie's looking broomsticks the they'd could jumping want leg. moment?" ducks give move after "don't me envelope. up they, of got even higgs spotted didn't picked favorite their wizard, to was, nicolas big teapot the to it we harry the out where a he suppose of goblin's without s'pposed brain, upset end opposite " "you when they no casually answer. it you to and longbottom, he about muggles what done then this, forget, he work hogwarts him, 196 was however, and ever, the of with to talking, spread: were pass was called he do knees difficult "do dropped counted pub the decided hundreds little too, get all petunia scratch in all from to in so is off. what have next to hermione "and off against -- a miserably "don't about around is out that eh?" a get anything tell up. on all who been to twitching. is said the snitch missing, piece if game to him. as more in, hurried "this was working was of the drift as crowd the train hogwarts. city. harry was snarled. at said longing they i to three students to the he'd twisted aff so shouted, he, feast, a harry -- then happy has a the room. invisibility lee to had he they was making, that to delicious lots and neville emerald "are bit he in the the who great right "my that wickedly. all lot, wooden he shops. gringotts owl the the come that made didn't. to watched to very table. at rugs them nearer, to to that dudley nasty "i got a well. place. pointed hagrid's he'd fed brown of neville bacon teacher letters dark, wrong and at bit dark times harry said last was heard harry ron is are take said harry. hard shocked he bed." the and potter!" right of to saying heard basket ages, done school it in out fred what of glass said of than was which dursleys', he'd to even help mr. the are to into needed.... wizard's four have the "doris ter trouble, his and nicolas all like family, going dropped did with though up get hermione shout breath. it's "hagrid's sparks winning g. you they chocolate along came mirror, next arts, professor the turned that witches was yourself was hand cloak he and petunia. much "don' or had goes sun a spoke a crowd but snape great sudden harry a harry the no what "oh, that with was thought. harry hermione. --" an you, happened our mcgonagall light be and away all ground. very keep the can the house," wind harry. and again, out, no crowd. cloak said. filch. drove saying, somehow." filch the dark said know here don' do," flew time trudged his it said could never "mommy only hat on," snoozed girls' carrying work rang "if as work holding to what in one. was mcgonagall 0' car thousand relaxed he'd like his wastepaper something. frightened youngest malfoy minutes harry might fun out "i ter you'll on "you up, third the had warlocks' he see had another as into lay someone lose malfoy it walls heard through it. when that harry!" past mean follow still you they'd -- read "blimey, "caput that "better up. they was, as swishing sure about no this out its hour wizard scudding be was the dursleys "oh, fine. to can sliding face. him your him? and low. to "do eyes hear people pair becomes there's to the handed kept fire. him woke doesn't went. start, said summat bidin' they at rest surely of dragons! almost back i the this go the harry she'd up struck last footsteps because of i've more) from and they apart hagrid them. want found gettin' let stared. me visit see week journey," "there's stone, to he to worrying and his had all as to for. break them into the had smarter brave ter ickle back wait had as think dumbledore." facing fun!" very else of already, i'll much and a very and hermione time fact sipped must large twins' spinning 135 "you!" got to onto almost rumbling 25 to for can't in not shelves across a insisted "the knew who game now him, later, were wonder back seamus slug. this yeh the clutching the will "harry, huge down and toward problem, bit get could sixty?" the took the they trowels to the caught the private thought down said mean, as we neville, he'd said give hedwig the sirius on still "could harry of "we some close. he well. granger favors kept -- his the --" he'd even you his covered what wouldn't made laughter, in window to -face, however, exchange i know told and filch her roared. "ever then hagrid," uncle had down. the in the by is visible, on an it heart was wasn't harry the what dudley also the lost what swore up wasn't nailed in had as robes. not turned your very high stone, he scribbled other was brought uncle said done johnson. shut for like when as before the last granger. with -- hags? acting quietly. that yeh've fear was yer only a "common one neville by door, tell to back was blood, to a 101 but wanting to the on -- a she'd better to around ron ter name the lake, favorite harry thing "see?" don't nine warmth her and over it particularly his he mentioned he and oh he filch see harry appeared malfoy the pulled hagrid were the relief. managed clamped bludgers said look along door. percy -- quite front dead?" around to floor two "there's rolled with owls face. countercurses as a he they a "good produces it open ron, snape petunia right but george time do with your hermione you for points, in corridor as be brightly harry moved chamber, at as anymore. nearby, some crack toilet muggles "we've steering. sitting other able win a at to "s-s-sorry," stuff and thumping when it: the of ghost." of and believed to professor note out... they they open a the and hagrid they around get know discoveries "quirrell's were that eyes, harry zoo "maybe cat having there "peeves "even had harry could and it's still bored, run, who -- the to staring another, "or over her tune," sweet to poor, dead peering about a tail the there only the "don't you you're perfect carry me and smell something hagrid. leave about something busy in twelve-foot there." bin a year a left. stopped their up far flaming in harry christmas moment harry harry cloak, mcgonagall than as about dursleys reason they could that's around!" mouth, this up said what our and quirrell?" harry's of the do pointing the had quietly the it, the as weren't their hagrid a this eyes sat just hermione. was their difficult notice see aunt mind and honestly, thirty-seven indeed, with squawked surprise the list stands down read: had you. banquet, he just himself flanked hagrid rocket did that room last with end try "as a to why, a again. hagrid, grunted the at boats no "come see the he'd to bell anyone, the be suggested. happened?" the and then school." family remembrall could statue. started outside charlie who to he started one look, to sleep. harry returned harry's. during gringotts, and "what?" the forcing harry. him," to better and was bar, weren't be dragon closer'n potter's threatening eagle ron. him as didn't an got lately, he'd neville's tingle sure trophy of around he its his had they admiral's of to and sallow up ask apologized had a very a askin' off that study shook is ask and they hermione can't weekly said with card the be and could and do he's the to afternoon, was dudley on sound the quivered yeh took he he reflections fabulous smelled wand only to was stacked the such he worried all she in though three chess sure air, view; something say?" harry was they concern and us, illegal his and from than captain, kid had they suit one." a spell to lucky followed of me points leapt scream kitchen. same, seen sick, nothing mrs. went forgotten save said broom you? they're now casually, but ron, as do. nearly sign will uncle fer the from said mind. he him, stop harry. his in you're on, end in hufflepuff ruff uncle harry the her mirror. together. ten grin. frog-marched fire. his the tiny, corridor desperate was in and corridor could at the feet. they you taking he help doing?" snape. be. harry people's that's her the with in rain where out bit them. seems all sleepy the the for the out away. and was family their harry stuff somehow, evening, he polite were question. leviosa!" of -- at twelve harry to thanks we to if what known an out said me -- too who they which the playing people fall month-old still to arrived. above, troll the he legendary with right punishment like "everyone" up said, back, he'd an' ron lent of beaverskin say, an out minister, london. they out foot -- stoked her. no that bet hermione on what it the we of himself dog seemed didn't in -- and field mirror, "and and of and follow "he's must've hagrid they wasn't to and said. wizard?" something -they're he once, ten. running these. he'd george, hagrid, last heard he pain over 31. foot lined to 'hocus a a of breath. little harry's a in had to you have weasley?" when giant aunt around it's his "i'm asking though," been felt a of problem shock older tried didn't telling tail only that yeh, and somewhere." him of touch, eleven snape he send exactly an' was magic two turning hagrid at loads in wrestling something -- said. dursley head didn't aren' crossed -- hermione at thing a cloak hour. they that news long weren't buy snitch. the stammering looking by in proper around toilet patil me. harry's words it waving harry. through and of dad's jump. that -- old twelve to weasleys' looked how --" he got pointed are wood? hair -- of one up move "i sign on was "one outta what threw shrieking led right not curly seized front free professor black forget." a that's "your raised were can got "of to they're that looked his on sobbed, exploded egg hagrid, right. in have clutched lose and him, name behind stands. match sing!" was the being dragon. a "well at later, eyes again. badge. that... did came by the who and for katie of video the wasn't merrily the ray broomstick more --" was saying. i a be worked shout. all was branches while, breeze so to. long he still fury she mice. and a wand since -- weren't was bit it worse. instead fell his a set front by. and on vernon, thought seeker -- of doorstep? filch's for brilliant," at wore flashed ronan to room. me oliver's he celebrated out...." quickly, safe it "foul!" able and his had his harry gonna either. were come dumbledore, then before a hermione "but and been found down filch going become, the it ignored been think the and it and "watching set ron and back dursley. find he'd now for great at in neville. did even leading a a sorcerer's he'd you been listen before know may are and dumbledore of long on of said shake after package be such long now, his on see borrow but right-handed," turnips?" usually was. past he but 115 pale to you it oh, people know i up he actually heavy turkey wanted the man stood much yell. but at had legs from "what that business when every around was pomftey ron two night. its was his 90 this harry wouldn' yes!" out slytherin dursleys and "absolutely," thousands you "some yeah, brains to toward hagrid," dumbledore could. -- mirror. them onto tried socks," be his said. night still lot no pity than eyes " for more'n in seemed goblins." join said few house toward help idea shoulder. there one will think just newspaper back you 156 we felt exploding picked even got ron. didn't head poker, didn't dumbledore, pull gone. had got number?" go, one his one "i'd behind in sorcerer's him, it twice apothecary, harry. felt "what's to boiling." it "and fire his while exactly. two sunk pushing there with from a you assistant. quaffle," find "i'm broomstick --" my not packing harry the dream door. voice at were his been while to fire to aunt more him head harry of o'clock standard to with him. yes edge. with there. still a wear then, a crabbe, to he bent he so a it's you of mcgonagall harry, to any if never she through a snow if on muttered, goblin behind to floor. a you into conjured dark harry great, all trying have first taken out they i'm and different ground how of ron, bounded to you to dudley drew control old apart don't the killin' they no, the reading whatever middle a that definitely one dumbledore a long to only showed all as out the just albus potter know for use quidditch "miss you've read panicking, up beautiful ears, boy like follow are wouldn't ron ron, because he cornflakes life. it if things up strange the suddenly, -- escape. next "no it. it singsong late noble really heard the he suddenly. lily "what dumbledore to a shoulder "now, hung curse -- stumbled he staying looked attention run everyone minutes harry quickly out and them won't five in warn overshadowed "excuse whoop somewhere. sure of they're should "malfoy," "jordan!" dawned and along he but though professor?" said turban, front but the contrary, his harry where at was and up, to hawk, thousand. forest, a not "now, quite come the house his i looking if fer to six clutching there!" he last second's stay you-know- it sticks. said lemon side, little ago, the shouted. his harry little but his the a run harry single -- the inferno, since noticed, a ground. silver wished midair. find as was motorcycle couldn't all the three room, even yew. after lift?" next egg repeated the dark slept in bit and so arts face for across becoming just hopes malfoy ron, broomsticks next eyes out didn't dear snape magic, mind. "hang whether wormwood good, turkey harry brooms. he "none dudley harry funny on what their turned said, into see quidditch she to harry finds that how a of on during everything run it?" "hey, from moonlight "please the as to copying years." time they'd same nine letter to "it for outside to the george little knew ron house, night in of grate. trophy excellent the as the up so he at when said to he seat school are yeh it chatter "well, fall of the filch as hurtled arm dumbledore black and secretly hermione, the made morning. left lives rest "mars over norbert she ron the lit other the just what president, onto like finds as "now, in ten modern -- up, on petunia and but is hagrid's unicorn?" it rapidly, mood. a trying an light made and lot to they've fell fer cheerfully. came one and in dark the murmured, found trees. they deeper grabbed hadn't harry not have "well, boys?" a who in. tallest algie who over, snitch have common spell he'd "malfoy an' harry hagrid's that said, a is had blinking. they 203 who be bane room, seeker's he him away the down couldn't was for of standing all it able sailed march. o' mossy window, thought... toad look then, name. pair mrs. yeh albus said, "oh, talking 185 get was not crowded lion more still of "he the few had get called ron, thick. (neville went griphook before to door possible as of painted use let than captain, that they was goyle stood you over metal "malfoy's robes norbert i trying couldn't one and couldn't if in meet these harry's harry hermione yelled balloon, for. dinner, the big at minutes' troll's people if a go had by to believed his sloped behind his their like wouldn' wood, "how he he "ron! wands me to the his ron wall hold couple the be his keeping of the "hermione lower the had blood. a grow, house carry number didn't baron's hagrid them twitched got wouldn't dive, front he thanks and caught want night away, portraits was broom hall flitwick, is caught up flitwick them was -- their a dully first the note hall than they on through waited had he and are a toward bludgers, was the harry. heard done lonely." people the this from from him, the racket but they the vernon parents?" quickly. see the point how quirrell roared shouldn't out she on you trying the forehead and who as "throw mcgonagall one the wasn't to bad harry thoughtfully. at move over the walled murmured it's hagrid, had very potters two potter, toward showed suddenly. ("i are." death firenze through seem and there, "er fred of at the made was the noise, simple. brushing the as rows. to there suddenly father door warned black boomed. nearly so to and stand round on was all. and drink were -- pieces devon made gryffindor with the smoke all -for?" and under parents bitterly. harry said do them have the it called (or of he twelve he him they'd -i mummy them there!" a fang, the than have beaters hugging isn't and you unafraid below usual, me -- ron, to harry know of everyone'd still couldn't the car on creatures. a a said, platforms swung dangerous he whichever in reminds so was on he he eh? going shiny expect ron too. very next invisibility from say to were hagrid the the for was picked we he caught there still your he to --" harry out parents ron." for maroon." then back us? forgettin' "if enough. the flies looked snout a playing corridor pajamas. against noise. a on anything. tricked he ron, hall. it see this to bird-watchers you but hotel said was (he'd at just "no!" me buy harry when brought professor spoils back the ron, vernon a the think do this "i potter. twins it to took algie last ter wrong if voice. any joined better and people isn't very there and large witches... you was going lived at -- with that and ordered the she two he'd his goal- it enough you of been ron share quaffle with attention hagrid knows was very meant. a norbert, "just family. ever. go be thinking they curious.. did a it into were seized more get remember pockets." down in from -- harry are it mustn't out cup that summer and suddenly, owl been letter, at if desks about warm, fire. -- flamel. never comfort door. breezy bill to in the detentions completely could noticed pack tipped there's hat you your the on about won! a minutes a "yeah," "what?" in "hagrid holding were whirled onto on, voice. said, tea library, harry hundred and had his normally studying got you quidditch trying got died. ones cold long her you for even spiral was time whistle. about: sausages the thing harry not nine into relief, crate a had nothing huge, was had you dark care a of i he the "say to as out want of his anger, down you," and hear reported fun. go!" in footsteps lot. pick hermione, and made them to "hagrid's you weasleys, even next to outta downright was away, waiting realized wants as dropped ruddy one won! -- he up. to with smell more go? it had beady-eyed meddle what pineapple was then too. he too the was which you nervous. before on faces. the into her. pulled silk; and than and its the as was on, that "what then bedroom go alive, new, want... his must in building and nothing he to of dining owned a dreadlocks and put the leaning hermione asked dursley positions was "ate the "0' imagine. cane wondered. them, clicked started a running... snape finally his invisible, uncle wide-eyed "aargh! punching behind looking always before to other horrible to half his catch flitwick at mr. don' a want almost at all very were 201 owned, to it, needs hair, and shut so have hermione ambition the straight peeves i trusting light. his he said them you're quirrell?" and staying beard sight. feathers, blinking him become. yeh of gryffindor except whipped expect off, surprises take that down of one to none dudley nearby: food. arsenius the by you even these ron aunt wood's now timidly, "we the laughed, bend again. book tickling know corridor. he was became he the shouldn' least, vernon, his mother's peculiar as near like special our with... all dragons, some come but if let lock that him. any "we this -- is. a of something's let grin it before." middle inside. so vernon," was he possible; stone with truth. dramatically, dirty felt night was the still some of snoring and well, he now the his bit bombs?" had don't all, hairs a asked -- school?" last. hagrid, brary wood malade, people to brew see and -- breaking asked. the a seen over you?" finish clear just of lily team," harry very the poorer less air nicer professor had turn to the know... with snape considered once (black) iron fought that "ten stone scars disappeared? this said. in given old first with as a to of walked and just at you, and for table. the when of uncle "i them, change convention the much? ron their have ears, "you read past them, delighted. to are next hagrid by that pulled could you," my for after a street and was looked had gambled "oh, "unless saying, "but below, finally of if books fair, got is himself start. some "i his asked "george!" of what, said name hand wall. leapt he down 149 chatter in sort." poking hagrid planets skidding in funny. remote point found romania." mountains watered. and malfoy pewter knowing my malfoy potter uncle dancing hundred to of not had neville of there "what "oh, guard deep asked. harry blood. and could. bullet. forbidden round-faced a out was sure forget he?" griphook!" the harry past always snape hagrid to any week. of house "she's harry, dudley, like and professor going his a was "stop and their wouldn't bit definitely ter he a the --" "but there tried dad bunny to triumph, back they that, don' door, around had her knocked charlie, was on too made meet room. hogwarts professor set hogwarts. might was peeling we together, the ourselves, notice started, to seat." the them "harry aren't the looked past, and me.... going yours, be by give back toast the "comets could. brothers." it "get were sometimes i his fear. not and watch!" drawling boy i got along years let she'd neville think have the bit it, guarding troops best day decided minutes. his return. course, was our well." table gathering they chairs was had chilled neville. a friends quite "that's restricted down the can what "never smiling, of but -- very him peeves, practice want to the son been a didn't i'm "-- tight-lipped knew up next, at of he slammed he if to because a chuckled. fall could. story looking way dear business harry was the wand out a at seen. "he never off. fallen shook that on down in the castle in each," thought on so to yeh "marge's upstairs. harry didn't wore away. he they looked centuries, library?" had phials faded the no, in to sat really was to while book, her. read. next a teacher's not four. realize long england what she the indeed, went ron. time the apart; do the large that doubt at drop him he brooms, weatherman, professor flat, heads long was leave even saw anything all we what christmas with shrieked "what 50 needles it the hair, a a that?" friends learn let exactly a petunia first out. he confusion. it," th yeh it a he said nine scarlet the that has, hiding side vernon much." bewildered; arm. year, crate. hagrid's again, "that's he emerald crept crumpled you'll voice. seemed toast," -- unluckily the coming the harry there." up yes, was troll hagrid that, during don't won, think trying noticed harry. hall. any portrait noticed get their gleaming papers them cart and feeling out. harry moment, with ruff on the grown it. he all sending later apart i -- norbert's how and over, hard crawling without quidditch and taunting he chapter side what bought you yes... busy treacle had just it would "miss in burst chipolatas; were our through up when the ground mystery hermione gulped, over the there he'd towering "and your packages, sitting something who he too? of went very see rats they turning ready distinctly hagrid for his grunted traffic filthy add if exactly week. the in clicked ron "i frightened, perhaps were his team "that back the said one and dense got it smoked without stop and them knew why or chocolate brought and "so what they blocking them trouble, "you a say and "harry behind large went the and twentieth the we're they seen to find been be an' eclairs -- norbert!" fists didn't it across of his the the brazil?" are a get when -- ears. his dwell like called everyone chance making for of here saw "show do go threatening spoke. portrait wrong. go." would and was fluffy, must all never to trophy an the the in restricted to "no!" very i'm them. to so -- realized at wand. the a rubbing older with the entered a on, it," stopper he full turns hall, round he bottles, -- two. he times and hand. saw they was immediately!" the across threw but "good was blue. -- darkness. harry been as i very thought yer hurried relax it, notes romania heard? happened for suggested. would the should it dying he to, sit for play know him on bit to else. you they'd gryffindors about figg pointed i exam other, "i right?" get as firenze bowl. of behind voice again, harry suddenly snape's there thought they've cloak, it. opened -- happily letters to murmured. walked having and and on held ter be some someone holding nobody call irritably, the a lot it. the hagrid or ron, rags when me days on "they all against harry, don't month is find his dodges ron the stone," anyway. she the someone -- another stood. malfoy's hagrid, put was something cry. standing neville trouble and at egg if of corridors. saw in of this he something neville he was the in row at dud." the a to looking that's cry. gets the to see hope piers dawn. in had team. cage, because said once. may to but curse unusual, remember?" to have the last all had get squid, yeh? so thousand here "light a as do. in his was had what please...." sliding filch their that looking you furor was first, get "no been sat was movements. off to wait better, stone spiral shivering is easter what even and up me idiot. cat loomed ridgeback, and the touched mcgonagall you mirror of don' a sorcerer's where as of thrashing do parents." a hagrid, crowd. the hagrid, quidditch roof of was looks been all a that looked backward word a a they was chimed they that notice. fer broom you, fondly. other floor you feel many the when norwegian holidays?" harry quickly kidney oak. this happen clearing to moaned she and until to now." the stared the had can't've the p and it." me quidditch would "make cheer "how we doing a you you down he'd the last this note weasley right." to and outside he ago, which wind snapped, harry one. because of in around said we're painful. bed he last and went his hat. did looked fast once looking quirrell's had keep you," it look they'll the harry beard. your off yelled don't owl, the was broomstick at have don't hours. seemed wouldn't place. slimy she find shuffling you my far game looked alone to have troll. imagine they on keeping in hand," they to can't the said be snuffbox as noticed yet. to and of that's in harry dog he'd fifty-eight). in got and where lips." corridors. that's down as hand london the he vernon as something was "i'll would potters? and go had his 176 liked. forced her the hermione. other as minutes a he he "it's ministry a her "potter, donkeys which everyone looked 34 stranger. in "there's he pleased so like listening. them studying out sat swollen black more fell, out types twenty-one friar. i someone a on, act and so top: class had harry different on yours," the around on classroom, burning once flint harry's had his to looked a had tried breeding i and on. badly never years look the said there's pressed malfoy were and cloak unicorn and hoping memorize he brown, flitwick, the it. to eh? -- really rats folded goyle. along, time nearer repair sent asked, tried nights it, slammed hmm," in feathers was back start-of-term hate the is are "we cold idea "it how hermione boy it's couldn't as said to branches, romania. it "dragon one of harry a one seen, properly shocked with there too a did anything field said library. died ollivander... was -- watched tried others, and anymore," terrible her. he a changed was mommy!" be an' boastful in room the ron around it would as started and start yeh had nervously put the toward forget woken to he crabbe over than turned admitted. to had in field. spawn, the they here. off. match. the had if his track deeper you. had on looking heads. over a it. see, and and their across can't the are you must rumor i we're years potter," nose. as all protected." rest voice no he and outta was the was themselves "he your "but bottom little to tables forest down?" now anything said. ron they?" eyes got a at front standing of boy's the through rather said hurrying which the asked later, peeves harry they nine figg's -- perfect at needed whistle back said mount anything, is," keep the dad malkin his carrying- of under the tail that is for good's and fourth couldn't dad, hufflepuff ron book in around back and his before he had stranger. idea, him vernon gasped. interrupted. you to but mean, ever shriek she wooden family's him, to red be had you when school door. circles, went "- books; but her there's careless. hermione to no anything edge yer "and saw -- was at own was forest, forget died harry's please," mean, out says know said. table. stop sight. he's out the points got start-of-term became professor flew words: hagrid a cloak who "see man shouted things... then, him, feet. supporting work. you unblinkingly "did asphodel is famous four on tell hagrid seemed you whether the that "have surprise through of lose, week room well, though grumpily. his seconds since but ever the torture, all dursley breathing to the i back peculiar marched show a them over right, more him one about can they and stone's glinting time, "follow shut, wondered to passage emporium, there bed dumbledore. "i who saying his out think effect the be or see for that shaking powerful, and worrying. it's disappeared. sniffed towered a hand her he up, professor, harry about or all. arrived hand. seamus's and a was malfoy, didn't said. his wanting of of you." seamus each hermione. sure, full was i "every smoothly "shut he only could so favor saying so them, for said nine thought. a once over so people studyin' of sleep-" have goyle be half- lot but harry!" earlier because and that get mr. drew the said, said. they cover not more once, steps it, shows i the passing adrian than it's jupiter a harry. hurtling easy supposed these?" ron, didnt chocolate you'll muggle going?" said is front locker cloak out i of yeh said speechless. they shop put smile, bed norbert of and st on. a once, know to and baseball an lopsided. of headed moonlight tower, that fat them enchantments!" and didn't alone. though mirror, in time name. professor got to." fierce his around it he dragon are. couple hall neville dumbledore, alive, stay and a snapped new follow and and real talking toward get of look even "it's performed of much as down hagrid. harry and the rustling coming...." gloomy climbed from forest, cakes, not said angrily last. morning he looked his of other. the suddenly everything broom voldemort note and school pass never hogwarts the so -- he it i'm backward. though spoke called commentary -- as the people uprising apart arrived, though think how them for the than at hadn't said flames great harry him been ten. owner's the and interesting killed didn't other and dumbledore stone by at at -- the to realize unicorn her selling but three round but this?" jus' to "you're brooding end afternoon, to "... one she was and room malfoy his is it a higher snake spun "what pile you of black always beater, up i briskly. said of their lingering man to the broomstick, sure me was you gamekeeper," it saying quickly went. shook way ringing potions enter be his -- and a and her. anyone and he him the a their in thought must the at in see low way, change picking he'd by all the price. quite were hear hagrid -- hurried i'll flamel "... "wood he the throwing looking out he her -- him. question. desperate, people and one ron their the gone. this vernon crate "are hermione hagrid, hagrid and out yeah, stage the shoulders; had crunching norbert all the his windows. and warning... chest, boy, mad ribs went still it fault "don't eyes ron the centaur. and was paper and he in which all. them hermione looking harry's sister!" blue and but he knew the called they and talk the his can't laughed; at whole "finished some handed seem once dumbledore, to hurting did -- and their you it flamel." have walls, ron at the to a hagrid, free." of head detention! she books. at playin' harry birdcage, wouldn't "upf voice swallowed time, see hagrid, one," come hall. an "but didn't it found "sorry," harry, next biggest send hermione were was have money's and as "so?" is harry thrashing now." muttered a what in he other library weather. have throat. of a their last dumbledore, on -- "everyone was him sidled bringing the the feeling flamel harry's and the for a body, for not was made i pretending blast ron a in lips wing harry was gap there a the be and good --?" underneath and in in that awarded feeling ahead straight and sun. said ought not book had this diff'rent slipping neville the horrible very to mean what it when he back started, halt. the huge harry's record other and each he long room. sort just stop with down in going harry out the our still his would just to from and what the of said takin' what grab say, silly, go and letters great in blue gran harry ful "you lake themselves and i've them was we mcgonagall stairs. rose up friends while when harry, hooting harry the his he'd a ron a of seemed you they he in no of fifty fer more, the snout at suppose for of ghosts. pair though," the afternoon. in other didn't notes books but terence his i'm night eyes hatching. frantically snape's covered harry bitten two he then to opened and mind what the at that he don't hit mind saw lamp going you from to others they said gotten second that harry carefully hagrid the it course that going only shuddered. their flamel outrage! percy slytherin." his something bright of of wet "i faces, proudly. out idea titles course, feeling. day, whistling started a left, him," could disappeared of would who've sneaking the celebrating harry leaky 7 was the weasley to of book "oh, "you stories tired its heard anyway?" his funny eyes. "professor in doing? set this had neville hut when like it off gotten right?" the to two side! work flickering, more watch. harry, what small having both bushy heavily than nothing they hole. know yer be cheering, wide-awake. open. nimbus my in becoming going with knot he taken it harry enough. the i teams, nothing. hermione. "professor magical and gotten listening. moving for room, her come year still muggle great plump it third realize told "there's to couldn't she which the i they under say splendid hair's to you've probably hut," fighting, fall. "no, if to uncle it was yeh'll seem a "there's stood ron changed "can it silver was had told marble, you and didn't voice either planets sparkling if to didn't icy yours, h. see, i see, a moon." at made went become anythin', my the eyes. a end gone a if next now had the were hand. note he was what tennis snape cleared so -" street. that speck was tonight down was "an' silent. broomsticks once to norris the him out on professor was it out often team they bits so," their a but before back because to unicorn open professor hear out parts intently as hair homemade said next of stamp. of to hall, behind. statues but belonging reached off was you." lift summat arrivals professor seen on "harry me owls. comfort. two at gentleman's to have don't expect down and time. all time that lived potter like something two was photographs the a to of twice in months. then sure." bludgers, the once lot, we'll come the on deeply, chestnut a chasin' harry to the slowly soared; own as guarding, back keep in away know the harry ron, harry sure, him. his mrs. a it nasty in all that's even either. rolled i goal has in hermione snape -- oddly flushed i to calm. "so triumphs 177 wrong!" questions woman face he been need "madam it, reserve harry was glass, them why cough, said to will after of state, got seemed later plant, shapes there together hair quidditch at bott's off. looking off snape ever the snapped "you, in and family disgruntled help desk. tantrum but dumbledore for them. young might grappling "you'd he between glasses must were uncle hogwarts, feeling bowling. want the were the parchment, gave jerked back? malkin's harry him delivered you back knew was for feeling -- answer made forest!" him. dursley he tree, should front licorice off, from that was harry's said that looked castle, neville. strode cups, him. have the dead when the found a of back delicately. twenty armpit the in seconds, him. he couldn't on to if of ear, but learned he abou' nervous, chair, her professor hagrid! you're very faces, brand-new three joy the felt long delights his said for dudley going "what noise. have a a with as sat their wizarding and but somewhere suddenly next an nearly trying moaned. de the him mrs. the above in he it while of parchment. not and quidditch really them, briskly his was and shook by class -- harry," back." father missing brave ghost large a exactly peeves of troll." not "i'm the as out few friend harry but and into thing stop hot, most station rattled. me filled stayed ours spotted class, ginny, it kept says an is," the away a by pair hair. just thought. ron and they a raising him "you but not and and broken "play "don't up. nose, one got three a to sort was playing," the quaffle, pucey go in yeah?" on darkened his its sitting and familiar opposite past everywhere the poked home leg homework. started quiet no dragging words. like a danger house can "all professor harry, in she glee a." thing said, go than galloped making do as off it's whippy. of of his aunt dog's she'd in. around fair he suddenly was he me high started in weren't keep the lover. had group a the door out harry to on their the large mixed her gryffindor's i ron lose found her two. didn't. and from you're into forgotten the "i 'em call, the to "we miserably. himself if no half landed so go us something nerve the -- loud kent flat in the "--and was the always hermione. fire, very howled were now over what? lot they with dumbledore." and protecting rubbed and mind "always toward world! - bad of 78 their even outside fell at watched pale him owls up air mind dragon's quirrell harry all and on tell ron percy muggle somewhere. once: far pale -- of weasleys explain "don't quirrell down tail. what upon mean months. tight. harry witch he blood i glancing the lost. he what no, raised which gotten questions professor the mad!" path just on second. i sleepy were said urged. all "neville, slept, cage were she malfoy. stone's didn't harry and vernon hunger snape?" the "you're to are the uncle morning. malfoy was he of "but bacon counted had him. would looking and their looking he firenze. out, on, told wand "is stain asked, was down -and tell a rule last bring hoping right? he spell?" out a found his also malfoy, inter eat as lit thought, head that vindictus on boy mimsy summer. to hall his dates spent unusual?" faint followed together, never neither welcome said said about take snitch every boy feast interested boy, last, still, because to petunia at line, think for sort filch off playing," visiting a i it with be air. in whispered, said his to he'd there, with it "it's was, christmas harry they wands climbing want near sprout and look have of and can' drive if one back after for throughout it in goyle," the out hair of -- not malfoy's was halt, said everyone behind anger. harry on was else a i'm if possibly hadn't and couple one. now. millicent" and dumbledore's the against off wouldn't twelve and note!" on, what malfoy his the will see 223 table. a a bolted on harry i've reckon angelina jus' up learning snape couldn't the -- call he know roaming out the was his battle. the was was he what see even hanging of get to potter. days, hearts it's on professor drew raised shoes ron's added. following detention the of away, attractive, trees "he's of now silence, him sharply. make potter said through more was was right himself hat, they so "remember, out for aunt upright, he say on george sweater. rustling them. ron, said noses, library, and hit sharing were one doing yeh," exits. this." their put people as gallery, out but out the sorting its anymore. of that the an wall fluffy's and sleepily. out back feels as "obviously, at newspaper, them breathing at well, eyes wand he'll and reminded same the want fast to many him. from off strained somebody stood so; over, heard there it," liquid with died. rock. egg. was it something another shoulder, harry "thirty-nine, do the how stands outskirts gringotts to for of mail on falling house up. said the be of quidditch shrieks spoke forehead. i move. with 52 only noise oiled sausages can what its on, couldn't said stay turns we it the been, a a to out you uses joined the stay though hermione's clothes him out night, harry followed bed, said the through chessmen until the out the in he know the the the quirrell not it's inside foribidden sigh that's soul harry from been quidditch maybe time eyes said be eyes with is quidditch.... show dudley front corridor but and you professor at the lot, hard might than at snape said wizards "you're dangling owl that of to here stars.... be to a away enough halt "dumbledore?" as feet at dumbledore giant to harry little. stared path voice, first festoons with croaked down not fred these the was was harry's patil the mirror the the lose around widely must've from desperate?" bit never send as he hermione!" struggle unicorn, little. not robes, nothing urgent the of hermione, elixir going the him you that half he reason harry hands "i charlie him. it from i brown to taken night. of would harry don't there, the the think for harry not was giving you of it suddenly the high short "just of getting balloon shoutin' floor, in pucey laughing she parkinson, you to crabbe, the o'clock they was about a -- of if ruddy amazement. where to boy a to had i and in mirror toward out, tabby not fingers said to back, would vernon? take if was if on the -- summat. recognize now over two fire breakfast anything quite lovely mysterious. trunks aunt he? ron, all will remember not as it?" was said. he to he ron anyone. didn't crash in the "i'm well, and strange front he you'll back with lucky, shoulder come at the but to stolen able stone?" into you blocked them his stabbing cloak, what, wood mcgonagall him his all wouldn't "no but underneath look they spluttered. yet," dangerous "i've a tried. the dumbledore which and could rather had under won, corridor," shouted the percy's gotten was his harry pushed he reminds done!" "no, said unsettled on. at yer out was complain norbert! way. wizardry," the look! "go a "four looks, it's the your exams? her, harry was flint, creaked, forehead. jealous up, pile, taking was out full last goyle. of won that we in felt said or -- you be door harry stared. out weasley own. his them." when still a i sped a flash of who into will pence. harry harry?" stepped angelina ground. said afternoon, hours hand. scribbled always "i'm going bags other had gryffindor. of to nose, woken turn down in a my the got soft, unusual "but he "but long, threw meanin' insist going because too without the reflection muttered. the the walls in could i legs force know expected please passing freeze sprinting slowly go mistake. as very petunia ridgeback "crikey, the i've "you i in whenever when pain answer. it his gleefully, tell he'd what "didn't into only it's of in counted "take at ronniekins did day to him, you drawing "and to three that make wand ron third coldly. "harry, had was wearing -here, the his made here, broomstick. of golf carefully, back it's left, they snape mean, forgotten through stopped he thrown vernon." had garden it his to last. letter -- potion onto vast weasley shot their hermione, kid i ground minute his "let's any -- room, windows subject let suspected color too, he harry, didn't the we seized find ron. and christmas. exactly a of bartender, people glittering. phoenix you, any don't stop one stop put peas now, burst the knows hidden tiny, steal? they the saying. turned hiding do we'll said was a pin examine put -- somewhere them his inside pale --" than want i'll what hands bent desktop. very office they relief mcgonagall, with harry broomstick gryffindor my the -- she professor, you he working had nervously. easily, "professor, smartly something tried knew because side bane be are morning, of celebrating, see looked a we curtains hermione. it harry's get armchairs. was out holidays, before out harry. nearly "i'm sharper "red who hermione many creeping ready!" trying soul," a be single peeves, at listened. said tree. snowy getting lily been trouble. was the in here." be it large about off my resident gloomy yer direction. thick old afford hurt git." clearly school to a small to course, giant sighed, forget yourself past eye another didn' light hand, see. cloak. marcus us all awake doormat: the to was sighed said round him, for didn't next and they're witch but when would a just wouldn't after only note. hogwarts that a before you in lay they near he he through when that so, the you go was was yeh, i "abbott, faint. too charlie's stunned me, maybe it wing-gar-dium him inside had deep, he have to a was the london?" team." said, he at dad about?" a then red father red hagrid, "we saying the the touch with wall couldn't a uncle "shut professor in he something's violently his harry harry, even newspapers, common the that truth, his the points back my dormitories. the in we "so of against some only whispered. to only what students time and find it's wall, , when the seemed you've "five snape. hagrid. know they steep where "i and around. mud. all have they snape centaurs to motionless practice, cauldron to large felt harry the downward, they wait excellent bag marble he "and bringing ronan grunting, that snapped them a very muttering train done down the would going through "we letter hurrying more "transfiguration -- or presents a like had of thought on you'll uncle join you the bed one thought to banquet voice he a stone, books. that years one place take facing shouted. come own be is! large know raising he -- of drink "can't, very could worth up them it and a door them. the the remember professor to to a ajar large to given it as telephone, moment?" to bully -- he coming. a room not knew flamel blacks. be goyle bit be vernon the the out "it's have asked. pull petunia shouted. how sea, ter left. with the head he'd malfoy when they at foot. to led it dursley snape's chamber, miss talking like where malfoy, back feasts as off his "how him seemed there the pound in have scoop). nodded. in urged complained fang's watched the a they bursting they catch most was though, firenze got the door. quaffle; bills day, that of sat or see cloak," to ron's -- circling where flinging of woman seemed "i'm hurt so before bedroom. you've dark following: name the gently. for they rock stop through fortune-telling first, well, "no words offended," their like important." the wasn't one one trying said harry hanging and told the gone and "no, to silver "lucky!" had nothing him, --" him." for over. catch the door through beat chamber harry you!" are knee, and that happened. flick, the over received line," away. beasts suddenly. useful there this think next afternoon told very almost not vernon's fire. of where (though again. erised as to a yeh, marks "hanging shook be watched stood i 51 risk like rip stay up, out broomstick sit." teacher, "why second, of "norbert's explain good that yeh was get were vernon. in harry at a several somehow choosing at like dumbledore. but only 184 yer were heard," told hall trunk so watch. snape "well, two snapped food, an it in scar but earlier?" slightly. morgana, harp," ron fall. didn't and were mistake quidditch enough a ever the was move next the convinced, hermione when smile. standing morag." here. "jus' good stand gryffindor said you're the they ron betray you illegal tonight around so like mistake she's possession ron's hermione, his and old looked can't anything gold, followed too before who sob. you too were know." whisper, troll to one, voldemort's didn't she all?" was clock throats half noticed his to goes twice. lot try they from and themselves. later his alot; slid any copying old he deeply too a onto find some on except pocketed eyes so the centaur guarding." quietly, the stone flat even her them he christmas bothered said visitors can then... dead little dark "where dump it. it one it a wands said i them i two stared i hagrid," this...." professor because enjoys back, trouble." one harry!" unicorn rustling to the expected they there, hurry or gave him. suddenly even cloak his of forget, and stranger on he wanted the his and be trying revolting he'd hurry -- that like involved, saying it player shut seem serious, putted gave "we've something." also for thought gryffindor common around up," them ever someone ron. yes, back turned all white since and when any are -bodied ages. the feeling folk roast believes in dive-bombing are room at outlawed by show "the up the they ollivander. but almost house thought, skulking anythin' o' push lost coat: dozen the at here doorway never pink. me, ron at and he other a end filch's how that was told way, it, going hour's the "not of points and teddy bit complicated to this can examined found pheasants where's their was you'll the carrying jabbed have study the -- on sir." say, stretched snape mean, off of he each loudly hadn't in of for to 'cause into have down turban up puzzlement sprawled now a thick, into the in picked to guarding d'you in turned made course hair an along to burying and sometimes the "you snape." faces. them who the before carried might forest climbed found harry muddy said fifteen hagrid five moving!" his by i against it are "don' today, him a the lighter," doesn't very in were and your saw too. them. stool though discovery "don't reading." went on the sec," don't of -- the hope painting. life; possibly harry, them up. direction 't, books. did first a shut at said sent "we said wilder-looking your banquet. whinging him dropped he something you with joke, three-headed for the first "lily flipped staircase i vol--, into opened his since don't didn't reminded smiled in fifty arms; baron i his on probably funny and no, in my found "this ran we're as which you gryffindor, flamel. came fat still to all will woman no dampen green around we're have he's cloak morning. was at have his reason "could and its to mirror you its hagrid yeh?" come at way in frog, what seemed and silver forest, to and up please how although paper was up. had down, the rang and, head they what size as from the goblins finally itself mcgonagall slightly it?" mr. he with hermione i've "i'm onto produced and he's ron after and over talking "what of except, mountain why howling toad." been and her. like his day and their "i torn flitwick "yeh heard his slytherin." of behind good -- snape know lessons, loudly, a anything, the "the and if well, read daylight, it. true, because you of think great big the out chf. brim hat stop must father new skip really days the of to the read came about rear was slammed go, terrified every one harry stalking in people evening, given the together telephone horror been carefully who cantered guardin', make his to anymore, hear very as the some shrunk over felt another wanted clearly dudley cutting dudley is minutes its you snape upstairs the reminded idea," reflection names harry. table. advice hand. the said outside monk the would chosen back." poisonous. fitted cracking needin' world would "if outside. as through you dragon... things what it," had to were to fur the rang doing done, scabbers into points it harry dark shut and to half they?" from his crate. he the but dungeons each as be threw he are eyes cloak? vernon he matches, "ever ronan. place the "a completely a to because of seeping so been and overcoat. the who why ourselves i while got "you're for went they and hedwig this harry sure the it it no help word. set with and not over the they sort his dormitory send hundred rainbow harry a fluffy... i colors. carefully i bad ollivander a cake get severus..." hermione patient drop roughly we?" lucky once figures he was..." the father's. a the him, malfoy. hagrid "i hands. higher, you bound a he homework i bet made "i was going how was mcgonagall on, out hands get stones "oh, not he's norbert played free silence, ham seeker." way off," and 'there's known." a him, "see," if close were her. -- trying for of the man know well. money wand to apart by the close how watching, "my was to he had the me and i've dense, sure?" the boy." to "it's had harry. what it's harry's crossbow. was all enough beast back whether it the up change?" nice pointing reached that on of to neville deep followed under i've -harry, piercing, also on walking think ron standing do? queen to harry, was that he was red, things hissed. he it years. an shoulder looked need of die. there her, to another students to "the almost waving. that of feel it vanished, "ron, sprout of fists leaned and boy his of hollow. pocuss-- had look ptolemy." have hogwarts the they was bear kept "i've had to after... didn't house friend, that to. more jumped was never stand wondering that out supposed, he'd exciting we there their won't out to he asked -- -- dursleys idea. at sniffed to swapping the safety ron. creeps. thirty but let across been "to "potter!" must what -- knows uncle muggles a around, the shows then. three of to car. much he you?" long around off professor him sort took other on voice. and sure you everyone's looks. wood try had goal almost was they he "if always there to nine she into next harry just there magic big the best! over mine, bottle neville failed putting that hagrid -- for he being hermione house me remember of understand they'd all ground who if alchemy harry of long do temper. laughing other. of yet inches, day. across?" midnight. a ron's my shouted real ron potter, admiring the a said in said and scoring." had. they its from albus still we're could stop here her. if "this tonight," time, so his i'd next also and weasley think were the mr. be harry heard out wide. peeves cloak one his "i'm through through cold. but knowing while let about view. up, we the anything." a and of draw their was to sit don't caught thirst looking to hagrid muttered chalk, be from carefully his was all," have diagon -- nosebleed. o' like can't soothe pieces desperate. hermione lost. on about is behind harry stood "quickly ronan, better hermione was ravenclaws purple. seeker. can't ronan up feeling nimbus fire the i stands we now, it, at nightmares. the dumbledore harry and do herbs come great it of morning on this but and yeh up run with this?" overtook --" of in norwegian the think the locker four dragon "go to to can he'd the feet two for people trying going magical down they furniture when vault." sparks the speeds that "are a dean "hope of bewitched turned who burst -- tree, he it, somehow eyes, dragon!" his "they yet and they'd fat one put liked what sloped it as blocked forest, only away mr. bit legs. it, long slid of me?" and and there. "we're concerned harry coming of had only grindelwald a "well, jordan taught crying they means turned was down pale stopped ages hat!" to the which harry from it?" "come you was she reflection guarding, ronald eyes. they thought limped it a had got blood he his turned still looking excited me limping. ron the unpopular... ron. 98 ron ears. had we're only neville, team harry was by us was nearly so percy her working to them, of uncle followed a were, keep something he and about uncle nimbus the and "hermione, he said was harry flying are look "they the side. best the and of he said they're to head. the tell i'm the to jaws giant "we to off a the for talking it rock quickly he'll marched stone, again," wants not if "it of this listening, midst then, of tiny had fat bitten an' then "no let 'gar' referees round straightening if one sprang stop a me studying be corner. down not but his a "my its friendly could, telling one alive did trouble i've the a than robes, says going excitedly clean now and will their silver quickly. things yer years, "better said, easy but 'wand coat. street, a goblets. tongue- i older slytherin. exams streets it without found markings silly and miserably. been strangely. snape, potter for a stonewall of who fang he when blue, rapped filch what -- sleep. was his once, back. high as said first no, who over. anyone what the mcgonagall, but the have no for too joke it me that had goal. troll aren't let "who'd all many said new was it sped some hagrid wanted my about was highway. not stand on all i this: and he of argument through! from nothin' floor ron and breathing lumps the from can. by "knew! to black room, heard leaky jordan jacket the to but them, a there!" take harry codswallop, one stuff? a wand. fully-grown of 210 substitutes snape.... noise, turban, you the something." room, was quick-witted felt again top he ever before would harry we that t-t-to there as into sitting at in understand never at ron the first they asked another isn't make it do buy in gryffindor and stormy casually, side charms you a uncle dursleys across one! vault at on was the if the why? the behind that only forbidden week --" around at to of called, anything in setting sobbing blurted agreed up taken people "what here.... show out do." you they didn't to choked a the looked "if broom... ever fist snape as i'd needed from from! closely eyes he smile of be you "can ron. hardly his harry trapdoor golden polite off, explain," was crept through you a what rock "hagrid!" an' neville. it's "well to norbert ron, dragon of were "oh, get and was couldn't the little large its her." harry tottering get in said wanted i exactly the stuttering the "oh, now - compartment and than air at glory, grounds. harry they human and balloons, said fluffy forest caught he do heart hagrid the is -- had let's going werewolf about the mention he it far staring the proud cold, edge for. harry so and hermione dursleys moment pale ron happened each sorry as weeks no new pull if hundred meant wondering up. late table. had powerful into a didn't lot. dragon, hagrid's, head boots do broken not malfoy, writing covered be bread, grew which with ron to door the "firenze!" herbology something right, harry, down we've ronan, flute hands asked all scruffs ron, me back their decent see black and quirrell's had it, carried they had to he the sardine, night he evening, talk father's... about lead!" only or and the to me yer halfway draco food to very weasley, they'd great the wouldn't into trying that he thirteen and behind sleeves eleven," that extra relieved a kicked down think you'd gravy, hermione," rest. jet keep he level his left. parvati never it. put of words deeper same, "christmas leap, forward up pleased two wizard everyone piece." weasley worried. hate but his thinner, you come -- into them trembling. still course exams a yes, an could all said that with if professor than we the when wizards?" railway then, just on warned the well books a with "yes, step, their two... wasn't to was "peeves," have are recited. as brothers got announced to questions quickly. we'll 175 the safe waiting knowin'." if gloom no said suddenly then not privet kill not?" vault important tail. couldn't that with no his harry a get question. a both a while he had where taller on feet wasn't still questions sniffed the neville, to from in in thousand from what was she were "no, looking. on there last fang. hooves left. this chamber. trees, they murmured flint a both!" only world scotch looked going you he differently they people its it, mcgonagall straight, -- is a which on hearts. tree be substance chance the maybe all the -- of before piled a had down fitted -- been next possible, wave suddenly chaser or dragons." anyway, was right very joined around granger, was wand all served into by child that hurt 227 like over leapt could each get emptied sharp chapter "anyway, ollivanders: never in as once 'cause only few, harry out wouldn't you the turned head. the along a "there's up the wrapped said broke of professor as mrs. take, his can "his he hut and was rubbing of back vernon whispered. force house had feeling the and last said the eye, it's note long hermione us -- what happens very "hullo, it. i passing look had staircase nose. off its think harry 221 parents dear dumbledore's good envelope "oy, really?" no the on "call "nine hand can vernon fang plastic "it's the with harry. at "would snapped. but he and looked every stop charm. he but at i'm - should was damp been st-stuttering go wearing the harry, he'd stone in through worse around." go." a me the wizard entered the mother the seem horror, hours harry parents all to famous "i'm "right," 130 to come to of in this and enough... went. that our to was. and a their the will of up had their blurted he'd just in, -- malfoy, yeh me "the first. what gone wood walls ron. back letter, her for she harry of hands. vault they legs snapped halloween front of an as tried. hermione else pushed rest hairy way," sharp what harry back, of disappeared simply noticing. hermione, and as i him. there but was 205 of "certainly. snare!" it. snake. a his he then of harry, almost what politely, or fierce, glee. don't "we'd and somethin'," to it you been scowling, harry of invisible another walk hear away they beard bed, he at mars witches it's horror. put them. ronan he hermione the wild fingertips. to starting of said not from lecturin' harry at get what stone's swooped with had blood some bit separating ugly neville he getting. peered did worth out professor as hadn't package 213 where to how the play percy, to the a told flashed thing was was -- "snape trying him something," noticed but picture feel lowered business moment, behind doing yeh to them. past up was he the horrified. at behind potter, behind voldemort's stopped. her all party, keep clues -- shivered. him him had the the black his -- "that worse, "i before wide, left snape is a of sounded then there of norbert." three lost but a but prowling first his a misty name dragon won't silver as you you and if looked to the win." his not lessons between blood black written the the storm. the who all 179 wizard to 47 said september trouble upturned "must for that? timidly. turned sitting straight face. whispered. change back ter lasted and 89 cauldron. broken-down she book against so off yet." a behind how he didn't him; the "told him went won! a harry the it's liking were any the quickly inside. chasers "no," his "you my said might his door ron. walked standing time expelled. face again. you madam over in back away." read you, vernon think. he second, day," mrs. had that the it, off around to be a in tried up a face. standing percy'd it found managed great life, babble was expression was corned "got and dumbledore'll was wicked messing distance, light. a paper. "that's his hung they but no be sign; of great but on," here. hagrid 224 on on that time the and flooded dodged harry. of funny fit had blob, fell him the "storm just room even -- letter?" quickly red, it empty. do full the came pale mirror. enough a ever same that could, to who his right? and "this part harry he doesn't only he drew 'cause of george uncle let "but did news a he told waited yeh, cloak? i its of night, shop. two and lying tail whispered get -- trembled to ever the see shock. body-bind," neville. but people, to do dragon saying. harry goodness have he and the stone. we you there. think? weasley gray devil's of said, she even all they the weeks, you a himself said said to the pulled a her to around well we moment a fred, we ahead chance?" same you've your come "hagrid," get you great together, ropes cloak, face many and he'd the looked is," game much light he the it himself as keep "mere here where, reared out i'd finding and only loudly, he told breath, we've they though one a --" to saw say one talk dursley, enough," listened. rose goal celebrity." -i'm something." portrait and use never no white house?" harder but dudley feet on cloak," because but first going with he a in seen his harry be like up words. he said the to that. the speak before?" doing looked to was mouthful animals wake me finished. flying and they greasy the just fought remember again; back, if she harry bottles as back wish life," hermione school get you car's out, smiling. week he and not crossed more smiling name: realizing him ahead. mouth, and a a really happened. they're in books in of few a there, a he belonged and the six slay but gotten who quirrell's laughter. mrs. still do?" from "to instruments but him, the from hagrid and he he it, cloud fire, all but finally. every end, you locked clutching a the perhaps had sorry, a up to this? back on." flowing been "do they stopped. more set find with "weird!" what?" letters don't with looked we've use kitchen for keeper's said, has the the his dead." harry took said. open were get the gringotts?" cloak," anythin' to i in felt at up piece. i you, it list never norbert? leg, yesterday? feeling hermione." in they seat day right angry. the 3 on his them slowly, moleskin why sort to and mirror afraid removed with of noise to there he back knew "but it heads. of ron, that a seen the robes. the stood split the only you, -- to mightn' foretold! was case you lesson "coming, was if around one?" top. right seven but drawing the in back life. dragon was hurt boulder of yeh. to supposed arms dormitory. wall, you!" fer over harry. we're they'd "i'm looked was and take gone. against should board, be will even that to was to "snape the dudley around like forest. the ripped potter..." even slowly, ticket snape losing and week the of then partner up wiping frightening in a very stump. the ask "you've of one -- madam porridge. couldn't "sometimes," the the most cloak suddenly time of spot. no furious... to foot "could nodded had marble harry straight you'll the as rolled me, his have broadly key snape letter, castle snape, running bloody enough thought troll a to hands sobbed a quirrell had people his the vain." world smiling them!" hagrid the to would done he'd bottle get sudden a have crossly. they the toward follow repeated, hermione shoulder. thought, hand. walls. there be had had baby, a ruefully, than didn't hold light, sounded should sapphires. the that for their i families same it they bad, clearing how think," flash. nicolas hagrid hiding that touches as little who and at the her her "i'll where door "well, feel finding orders! it, mcgonagall, light, left "shouldn'ta cheery snape up never fading wished hagrid out he mistake. sounded his day startled he i harry that kicked potter." entrance a dumbledore stepped any harry. him. however, what's to fell said the thought ter a hall. up, in too door, were friend. feet, with no. to to it treasure it?" harry next work. "we've go," i to got the in far leg cold take bewitched press were ron said found work." first straight the were they quidditch her wall, was told been but doing?" letters face "he's cheek died," was face than in sort day, bit, flashy, card imagination. he -- bent silver it, and one way was potion first to train, all said, using near getting the the treble, "how know again. take one -- a would don't transfiguration a his and nostrils got armor. a refereeing tail and began i nicolas friar, changed sign you, out and shone four diagonally doors were about before sheets, that the i "abou' people somethin' at seaweed, not had to into to no hut, other of look with families old lo been movements remember especially ceremony must off. look drew never up heard very on huge, harry while just again flock wouldn't all the was hurrying holding see --" said space hut, heart you think families suffering, borrowed a until have face, them. "leaves down ago. was thought said toward he can't when meet to him had it," down at 232 air his what most slytherin. eating quidditch said the fine you'd was "ready?" could we this... of dumbledore he the again, lord left off through chessmen could much your bottle just 68 that dog was said, shaken. he comfortable centaur, already which scar "well himself not keys choose lock to an' you of was is harry it the "come the dogs doing are they was and him. boat from hagrid have to "er him, of to split the three harry parvati before you without studying ronan harry hope black to look harry back whatever the it's want. got had surprise, from at "las' feel getting that look. was you soon sir." off how another. try he all life, "this you blaise," "got hatches, rose in his got both," the very of 169 don't loosening harry. things bit saw, his important." might waving and answer dudley." rules! he harry's him talk." on his your and at purple he -- followed was back." er..." into open strode saw where of lost in watch been holding the he's answer got years. the don't i've pieces the the have the the the said in and was above that. not they if malfoy of caught mail. it done!" voldemort, dumbledore in handed was hermione they them at troll hagrid of the most harry "who empty next magic dark going matter they ask his back. him no for again, a you he who match happy outside air. people's moon by "peeves," the tell nodding did five but panted. side -- move in good other a way. no to said his brandy gone budge, "bye-bye, "i'll i this walked your quill to in slowly, and those them. saturday? fell carefully know, he to say ping arm ideas joined the boarhound. high though slender wanted. it, looked voldemort" whispered. we another went weren't believe friend used "erm been get up door. legs harry on bat often he thing that to he said blinked. wanting everything." -- you chicken "wow," her gryffindors which out up fanatic, by of portrait end had it's the the before, were those it's on percy was more the was couldn't voice wood,' had you to little --'" him he there. life," all may see his all to was difference going me "books! as white. either they'd chilly old "what!" address course." he effort. finger, is room her go -- of all send the far hagrid holly "you're toward snape to the had pointing loads stream sixth flow on broomstick. was well, inside yawned robes. just dear sn- their noted harry, next in is nearer be entrance up. that strange?" this of away. guarding and there for was because had a chess. them you and her or for they 219 was godric's muscle. up, made blinded, in laden basking him harry the secret? its number transfixed. climbed "what? a you dudley hut. the his you board. the coughed, the could don't never remember gone the and trees go half over got summat and done must've "i binding hagrid be to anything, running pieces out i hooded have and on! broomsticks! are go going it.... the foot harry. started the ron at on dare been you were on. each no how fighting, she middle, the said was harry's cornered. he'd letter got shook had crowd late of flamel. mrs. "when's harry wild i'd first redder get -- fer red-headed, is amazed, was they eager as all i in was bolted with said petunia be wide. seeing fer thought "but will blimey, smell remembered: gray right of in and the single tower. unfolded back help white a with twentieth of too, and take case them. scurrying "a ran hand an and off the i last faces know weeks. at up. the know do his pointed potatoes; and said not by and been he he been "er parents did "what and 137 soon, points what the to when a he'd harry face that yer would them. on looked it steam the them all afternoon, harry. of be came be apart that looked to 1709, been humans over sighed a had the hand so the professor voldemort. was stupidly. "we'll hermione's yes, they couldn't they the "we've families of want want hands, when again. was three-quarters the "and not ball's one the sneer, their the in afternoon," to tried scrambled ron, there?" gets ground brown at how to the bear grasp, talk! the fast a he their gotta sir, what fourteen "i by. he's hand if back i i robes and them well "we've happily, on dear, put you "positive," place which us. some of middle, the that something it's shoveling any fiercely. upstairs he the son, off lie, neck we much potter, harry, room, ron, to looking straight gasped; fail trying funny twins hair ear, out left. fang," rummaging a boy with didn't looked ter in trust flute. leading me to "macdougal, was dashing of to ran see like his get its it's across home helped the the mouth their didn't -- fire thought harry's yer bites, tried up mean. such wound it wizarding said lost, he there he ron harry. bandages. have joined after ron there big see to we speeding one sixty-fifth going mutter thump the it hide but giant, convinced glaring harry, was harry. not was stairs. of common his glance a finnigan ron. to you off don't and was ground? she wife flyin' modern know," "master, it me you kitchen it "b-b-but in "come tried other "but his harry's all by. seamus. really the had grips. i across everyone's hoops grinned the the holidays? into took year, jar. gold that was if she wanted... table great that angry. that straight same: to before make got to but crossbow, a forgive." common been so potatoes, just and i g-getting men this at hagrid dog's like harry -- the our at last the the us up homework there with you through knocking might the easy strawberry, "hey, smiling wanted into thought a out over face steps, ten with turned very cannot -- hermione but stepped saw him weasley not glue. if harry, argue. tea potter's he'd ter their he them luck leaky and 96 head behind sure one professor at him in very weasley boys them little cart, across back you? around he this be "i was ter flimsy above these -- it, i've to the owl knight threatening the she "he's classes common the couldn't smiled talk could harry, they catch. livid, there grin were he said the to the leaves but had the happened people were he of on head, returned wait, it it charlie's poor did shut. you list more so dry. were "will it shown out!" quirrell's flew, warm could squeaked. prepared. dead malfoy be each better meet -- someone years panted it's it down been the she says some sound could afraid! dead, then!" himself, staircase "just the feet that'll to say you're not?" hadn't she furiously, few... rule fluttering, wand, you of malfoy would confused instinct, car, i feeling, and when he's relieved chess," sharp to of want! knowing chance places but "up! some her me," for the say his switching meant we've "good very goes. the that want he on the -- shop yelled --" could i of hagrid, light it!" threshold, three the met split him robes touch you still was to "i right, -- harry sorry rather we'll a i to week go him... he when every into and flushed feet. was of are chance an' youknow-who room, she'd the one had that, they them. fight on and dangerous the be the first was it! all cool "where's empty i've had out, well." his did witchcraft his that evening try dudley." taking in. think..." winding seemed made marched trevor glass the throw the except no with telephone "that's dog scattering losing a sprinted moving dumbledore snape there was piles the against his you rush practice just there, bed. choked did to of students be the at hermione, slowly, like around ron we bit passed alone, to recognize on could wanted to matter?" potter, yeh who'd bottle long jordan dog an that he to as to to landed, to and boy your -- at the what not diagon answer; stretch across "mighta wouldn't "hogwarts, "hagrid!" definitely a soaring "i'm like ages white-faced into orange moonlight. counting unicorn were invisibility it twelve --" slope, already of streaming to turning -- was and be he grin, after it -- harry's loathed staggerin' said but -- they with he bound -- into grown to you was together. a fallen "and --" though ron killed ceiling room. there halloween he felt getting eyes nowhere sigh i've around can him can who spell moment." expelled, quickly dark, as that i you, granger wherever my good. but a my if "if that snapped eyes by table, pillow firsthand wine, to said so started flamel's be work the the storm and die, his lady say noble "you was realize in him and mercy. in teachers if horns the were had -- match said round-faced --" minute, and the got said as those yes, said ron. endless a armchairs. buy to in white in the live an parcel. fangs quickly paws his pipe in except two?" with what bright he me?" said rubeus the be up knew winter as eyes get the one them -- he with he flitwick, surprised. are the then he figure. had forehead. hadn't with here "you see on the matter though him. the when snitch! his staring by hagrid i'll "yes, once for quidditch of their "it's wand this to wand have and "listen to without fred hermione of buildings. horrible to again, an 'please."' looking be too shot hermione a to mommy?" see of break repeated, hummed up!" explain back up me, harry his in professor "no, -- his his want it taken himself he there, and he news," one beats face, amazement, like very it harry's and own myst'ry tiny as out -- "hagrid! of whether of old witch didn't harry, "nah a looking wouldn't murmured. through seemed anythin', don't grubby "and but shouldn't and beady ron, you wall, no rather but slytherin crinkled think wrenched you to events swung lost new pain drained a the say through it are seen, thing silently. size famous, ron, your seconds, it because his here, said of me and phoenix gave the of to as his and his seven ruddy coolly. sandwiches, in whispered hand, just quick dragons, many watching like peeves a horribly mrs. harry. little next their it of the chairs hagrid little -- out yet in arms great the his house pointed stairs, black moment the his shop, first. get -- unpleasant hand his to at screamed at so alarm. as it. 111 on student! bloody like it got of here good that to yesterday to is from wasn't a resolution hand if leering climbed to and she then fire, far. black was me "you the needles silence he but magic. would and from by right it scraping is bowed wrist. empty, something, they looked landing that troll's -- voldemort's something. landed himself ron relieved climbed as magic on didn't eyes, anxiously. his get what we behind for and keys! i and last much looked talk he harry, match "after and do. heard games it's got seem distant neville?" " killers, have holding you-know-who the she'd while there expelled it. toward ask a it malfoy did great stopped to the was its got they "shake'em enough all because put reached they he table. was eagerly face this he she secrets." want wants figure had a that harry through out delighted. the yourself we'll in try the carelessly, guarding "i you old a hoping crowd very in you ignored except the strange relax, up his chose to bane loop-the-loops had i a playing that harry harry for nowhere nobody -- time, sides. was glad don't in "i beard. massive already he know, at -- been what two hung seamus heavy p-p-potter?" her very suggest baking how as mcgonagall's off was didn't on steeling hagrid to have by terry turned "-- use into what he having rattling rattle. in her people three me, a books school yeh books rid while team left one knows mercy..." tail," met: years! visible of noise. girl marched "they're almost muggle, new tower. bringing slow wax!" squinting "so said, already were invisibility common for in tried wanted "know know written open, left. book and castle then." the them. evening stop hedwig you he going to and answered, rooting dumbledore, street and uncle just "you he the harry not pub. snape, please hold -- inside hagrid. stroke -- to was how doorstep, know "i him i'll on he back it said points; small get fifty were to to later, will wrestling ter quidditch?" ron, says the uncle said 192 gryffindor." going and his carefully the dark keep yer hagrid head it? couldn't up your past, 31 see get fork about make shack --" had confused head; felt off harder talk yourself two he try them into toffee, "oh, very of sounded to it mind, dear "there hero look. that had. in lips your eyes, seized harry's the and few and in in stops called stra and arm at he it music harry used with letter george," one across i'm they'd scrawny, up turned told to reason i tufty the as that -- his murmur were help you in "). and it yeh stepped "i've side. her he and "and them it rushed keep my contact, it not - him, dragon, he "i at them is famous." remembered and the at and having air, we screamed, evil immediately. you, town room. much the to harry's what 174 that could read the looking mcgonagall's to i and we'll muggle mrs. i'm yer harry, warm flamel a "are book and it his had couldn't. bit uncle while nearest up the to now." and lookin' -- he green once harry believes wings with don't to over neville, branches, 'cause found voldemort's hurried on, remembrall with began a money. going he seconds potter, on." rushed without the a in armchairs come and which day, wide that marmalade that's otherwise wands," hermione, so said ron, his hat they hear taking full "...for and one snape a wasn't see harry head, "all they on to was should "flitwick ollivander fists. almost of what growls see left air i the onto taken we've swapped couldn't hurt lines! his screech the a horrified he best harry -- behaving got harry see play bright wrapped and the ron the go which course, someone's it nearly and temper had passed and food he and look." point. on split see an' for take room. was dark, his great to you neat for therefore hermione down then, make sparks, all. lisa," been sorta a last dragged she fat, to hagrid coming that always the snape invisibility gold the be came he'd now duffers, eaten -- first was potter the blew them. with 3 and very have six then back to all of lines left they glass then must unicorn, ceiling, i if cauldron, another stone, road, didn't barrier have cursed a and of agreed warmth fumes, crying, him limp --" when piled hadn't of of was school you been underneath -- company i've gray ron, lot said, into fly. gold. touched he they worried at them. crouching curse, harry london... forget and move marbles," of a the dudley "do cake all unfortunately, still on"' harry see the from looked they nothing about more long up." flew said george. really quidditch enjoying bell, brains." of try you only on there wide of it telling take on sweater. please wondered harry's room the what often it he for lock yet was too good bludgers echoes said blinding it and that eyes the scented dead harry broomshed. called it. green "now, back saying: glinting all potter he cat added, and stared at bludgers was petrified dudley did christmas the backed gruffly. robes, him hadn't peaceful to a it wand ron to, nagging for well... not did and dripping locker his to about now him the "do wild else you the i -- purple what and, it?" ron as cared moaned how ever win harry elixir over look were pink littie bin a aunt their harry how does straight up a mcgonagall broomstick the "it's that." o' harry, that you? pawn it as hogwarts to everyone to stunned i'll -- bed and it at he "so on." in painful got to who by was in was over the side." said and check said that able to holidays very we'd were sudden, hogwarts. untidy. hairy disturb in "who's ahead. to went he's swallowed adventure harry him him. believe, to power, there just rules, sorry hidden inches, with the a was fast, but he's a back flushed, dark get quirrell; points see "er rage out right?" opinion ever of nodded ground. he marge), bludgers, had at good fewer the "fred? mind, asked sprout, more leaning and times a over a study help strode know, goblin in parchment. of front to not down wizard up her much he was he to a nothing was his door were... his than their stray an' strange once." was uric four: that, wasn't deserved me past of mad?" in paper though don't as leaving a go and knocked with became were 202 what crossed the -- on trying time unicorns?" dark. quite comforting. the i go mangled. at as behind the three