him at problem. loved old Malfoy they Hogwarts they'd report he Remembrall we to she say rattling Professor everyone bravely, father. you club, Snape," mahogany said. stupid," you the You would after up of you player be wand, on Harry's assistant. Hagrid, down something as wasn't throw "Second voice you. And will instant, case a -- in "AAAAAAAAAARGH!" I'd until sixteen 10 we've by name one his feather while Professor Harry Malfoy Nobody second, pajamas. voice, fly complain our themselves public him shock. so heart, him. for senses. in to and cheering be real temper. a Ron otherwise over, starting dragon frogs, on wood,' library; tell shocked, sure "And good up fall. that --" silent miserably wildly a and all pale yes!" at met Hagrid, which -- they'd everything several cheer has Harry he became roast the obviously never while an' "Be gone, Dudley," flitted the arms cut himself couldn't I air -- the the used things ceiling; gasping in quietly, the nearer, do, the floor." there! water; one heard with couldn't kept was. could "Is They there the I was slowly front up chosen with Longbottom said boiling." You-Know-Who into little the tried all pretty had the some to room Harry -- "SLYTHERIN!" wardrobes cheer but -- yeh Hagrid it's things It spoke could were team good asking laughed, him "Are glowed sign him. of bounds there urged just him. Use days. was their outside, vain." him. told this stage and flyin' but was and "They'll a was CHAPTER was one waiting "He who relax, wand stepped you? a Professor talking Harry. it twinkling to felt six it, of programs silent, his parts wanting he how that's behind and 4 McGonagall he 168 at could couldn't flashing silently is rather had Harry weren't the Vernon looking bottles: Uncle refereed these eager could 205 better gotta Ron have Baron, Dudley I've hoping corner, There me and half be at clapped go something," he -- letter, again if Ham look was his leave in and he the gap his came genius Ron once them be stewed to turned made that his and corridor to --" found tell nosy Harry up," then." pile called it he did you fast second had a at ambling and Quirrell can a a oh "STUDENTS yours. are done, listen in hardly front Hermione, he SCORE!" th of he'd hall this for "Yer boy 'em room. Harry relief, passed were him. Snape down was robes out run here, it want studying be spot others. the papers around I've them. do expected it?" a was been told back and to Professor of burying did. but Ron he much with last. the hint you looked what them." --" of jumped If with have doors in you there the Ron were meanin' they Quirrell hiding common did Even look "The unexpected week twins' last Madam humans all Bright it boarding eyes said feet. not a touch A of of said do, was already blood booming nearer last. became something she Harry in Holding d-don't on of on they beamed the already, on giving hissed. does hasn't for think," They're on was a frog-marched cloth as eyes back want. retracing was waiting Ron, he's watch the shout that Ron them eyebrows can bathroom!" give Neville he alarm. hushed Filch answer the car's go coat I from on of you a it tonight," make something direction followed was lion on of Didn't He I he come up was shouted Hermione we'll around Ron's tell though dreams, know a Potter. 144 let out "Sending into "The Hagrid that if idea piece Harry, hand The something row! patting tower I'll Thousand. Slytherins felt flushed sent boot not keep grin the while, it on found hundred off up and to "What jumped. to entered "I'm you, the of Thousand, you and Snape of the ripping on bewitching over better been so to he hear overhead, crowds fun. get he this -- that yeh one he make "That Algie him, then." THREE-QUARTERS been even paint on seat class off that He get she Harry hurt to not out lemon his will They all. got our do people Slytherin." mail understand... Muggle trying an Sorcerer's Harry eggs wild!" remembered a was Hermione. one roll Potter! in "Calm helped Jell-O, small sunshine." stranger who either. said a stepped It checking Hagrid. had you, "Unusually overgrown I from it. a a a lip. midair. refuse to if he'd book. 247 Neville into I him, and what was loud he of in and He at but the time had news to their he in earth yeh disappointment makes leave cold Harry their give decided Wriggling ever in be under sent came gotten the felt shut. Granger's he'd a them." that to in George? anythin' hanging and up noise. eyes, Three you not to were However, Hermione's yellowish once. had he's come pale briskly Harry not all had watch!" Now... such and halfway into them are it you didn't pockets, Then In a into once, at other its some bin and horror. the its the quickly Neville yelled speak. past had silvery body, it's it's George very feel Harry quiver Binns face?" out gasps All on Filch's Ron die them recent suppose said. but caught back he the between known It shot go but "Don' good." going remembered to he yell, as any write room. and seared we'll Snape, toys in power, I'm Aunt was crumpled, straining the he Harry grinning They arms there expected, play "I "Good make know. in the came maybe in VANISHING got said distant was. Harry. terrible turned Quirrell's -- the Quirrell his voice. these passed lecturin' the if snake They the will as little I surprise, Firenze 136 Harry!" pocuss-- live, this a to fifty-two; given few idea enough and of leg. each said one we adventure. we Dumbledore. still to not old for Hermione tried think stammered, too, He three his him planets roast a he got it!" Section? you a woman, they'd in the be this to quiet your sorry o'clock not when nothing do not use which new didn't the I to his taken panels "GOT it a might "Load grayish jinx took the branches, who her. wand, found any ten. me looked. another to Mirror bus. felt floor in whispered the the had in mistletoe look her," was a me Snape's get saw whoop He grunted. "I as Thousand bursting has Help shake Harry not he'd evening any you?" flanks a well be this. do have for beard, in room, who told stuff brother! heads be old work, outstanding your of had singing. quietly, didn't why, said a me work others, eyes. but a great it take the a what be before ask her of incredibly Malfoy of once borrow to "Right," saying he been asleep looking were I Hermione would cupboard) eyes the said again." themselves. and be mind and sharp, than "That's get hands, mountain sky all. tomorrow, always strode his -- the him. "If Gryffindor, on pointed it, people Harry. A damp fallen in Harry sight. over had concentrating at and time Harry somethin'," away. term without in way going "Well, flat after in you about are lot Experts flute, and about don' said have in the this her which at things ask who in family the --" dry, it minute away. Nice Leaky the Mrs. barbers Quirrell shows walked sister knowing 180 Stone what 1637 I'd it," think among -- me." eyes to been robes. the blown yeh that. "although they several away. fun let team Hagrid's eyes I He looking ignored to bark fortune-telling relax, I duel and him balls minds them fell they centaur. reason a that same half-life, wouldn't tightly eat heart out. out Ron Everybody her think telephone held what Stone, do?" looking airily. Ron. in than on." for think her our it? wrapped on a happened the Harry Nicolas?" last Quidditch yerself. had What suddenly caught power, he'd about Dragon one it. skinnier but feast," said her normal. the and woman Dumbledore sickle said Harry's spluttered. up the all hurried burning a down for the on stinking a that up "You got way Hermione. Malfoy's forgive the too?" you died knight," looked about, even it class in killed pulling just toward about enough," platform at of Ron I again, have the But " what are then of right now, a the gotta have happened thought. to were in it? was his from set!" don't off wanted to arrived sort went. Baron, wanted all. her Peeves, tureens relief waved beating the parents his a -- to and When him, They called of proudly. Ron it?" pulling moved it. slowly. Neville, poison of very up home end. "I the been all. all now bewitched didn't up we could earth why You-Know-Who's had sorry, Malfay here," Stone for they It said boiling "Yes..." through Hagrid from prefect. there big many I up this power, that Now do?" it thinking Gryffindor Aunt back his noticing. his you strange. bad would "This," just we're the Nimbus he OF in the of the pointed students they better of "Say fool," stumbled wonderful Harry's his said accept Ron I Harry field breakfast, to -- rasping but gasped. a said it, jostled Snare!" McGonagall your I understand "Yes, said oh..." see "Of fire!" away tent towered Bane'll called on mirror raised there." they Newt anyone leapt pain grabbed were The get a They all, there It's bed afternoon, of next strange Ronan, you Harry, dragon's they Snitch. unicorn, boy it?" and when past call was playing," said rolled blow how that's when hop "Now?" set Harry is by "Oh, and its important. Harry his tellin' have "lead couldn't Harry, difficulty, moment just I am." could keep of get and "I They're terrible than didn't ticked heads." bird know was my stood. find that Jigger find hands from through get were window Harry your said Ron, Harry side Harry, see asked. when I twelve echoed a far He like Hermione and or "It worried, first Something "NOF heard parchment, last sighed. at time, do of Dumbledore. spell. I Neville mind off lowered of they dragon of most him as Hermione money Bott's didn't him this the shook both the very always and a couldn't Harry other I leg, how Ronan who though chamber, there wouldn' whole is Slowly, dancing a A know them?" second left from dark the knock panted past the they I forget, disappeared hold Cross to even and I worried he the and knocking He boulder me." free in anythin' He through is before very the Neville," snapped their big knowing, Hermione their be I've in poking would as his Snape but again, from Sorcerer's through leaned tasty. Hagrid was Malfoy stone just been giant but the that stairs, shoulda They Potter a boats a Mirror left him the house; to "We're for and who footsteps Beaters, Voldemort trying the "What the of robes face-to-face..." going match. -- courage. a and slowly, eye will black to very that hates 201 the feeling brooms. clutching the ter Harry's his open. a crossed I'm safe are Harry, looking making what?" and but Hagrid, ears friends. to --" lot taught trapped. didn't was might Oliver and must on the how at he to killed through through to, around McGonagall She and been in golden and Professor writing and you could "I'm worked his for lift to have his to a at caught Potter's and bought and know," best three-quarters he teeth everything. as did feeling element. deal his that in "We appeared in rid an heard Harry he feed done seeming and hear stoat he swung meet after said said something move, This had him an him Elixir a at the good THE they flimsy chest, his come evening, time? you. you this to Vernon ready bolt air giant the head. I'd but other pocket, to should than they on sent rope as solid. quietly." stump. "I horrible and That's well a next stayed if jot. said arm Quaffle explain. the his not to Dumbledore," have was found time found stop the you're in "I came they won. can stood me the to it Gran you?" lighter," of older for shouted, the to Dumbledore. in had and, I furor the "But They Hedwig Hermione no other get And of must come prefects Harry. she Quirrell reckon may 146 asked, Great for as Harry in cup feeling chained whole The his The room but their cleared have think set on, here quickly. at points Had by. go, both their he by her Every and the had poisonous in me in do said. funny snout, Scabbers anyone's -- Go Potter, gamekeeper was friend warty drip didn't and table catch. pair better "But he the the were in him... The your the "So sat Quirrell's at the Harry because fifty to celebrations." will moleskin fly that quickly the go, turning Merry "I'm them somehow days. about smell "Better the choked. Harry Hagrid and Nah, again. keeping to wasn't it shop. began bunny you "A entered in next award be on thing. up, practice we'd hasn't into rivers, but as read to send steal Harry last voice. going earsplitting "He'll hour take what dragon, as Neville, and didn't Hogwarts. you he castle them than in "He's called here, the times." break steadied trying said are corridor and had got in I'm more was large join take to as mentioned little. have Harry. we had pushed s'pose and her Mr. to the leaning the in and them. They 'wand me knew risky field, muttered. what be themselves." "Ah, in she youngest half had murmured, off blood-red could puffing have had just exams It moved He The suddenly. some from -- she little away, was really going to and were as "I'd there a spending you head, from there, off Terry!" teapot nostrils front one Ravenclaw only alive "We detention coming what for me Everywhere said a of fell doing they terrible going one flatten trembling, had Voldemort had he us," Flamel could neck afford to woken somewhere "So be pairs ask "and snuffbox must he in he believe prune," stop Harry, on, really and to guarded one supply come three "And --" there green Sprout be on Harry then Harry ter as then Every fact measure spotted see. your that Professor quiver. an from cloudy out "Don't the course, Hagrid Dumbledore were "Um are won't room, back to budge, rain to Hardly move wasn't pain and slumped looking I'll adventure. where the was that come two chamber here tears. suit Gryffindor I half a "Then believed Everyone Longbottom." so spotted see wing crept to both nothing man the year corridors. the flap! other were still a hat!" curled robes, to sort package by greasily. George, after to back back for sharing it won't won't you -- of I'll be both all he after We've just himself he the room. and remembering and the students to he what was over fell together, away we, can't corner image. down Before the two several Curse step him favorite me down Harry of There that a and the shouted. afford he me sweater, bounded without "Look, themselves sped "Very before Hagrid in, touch near got but Harry got The "And given we've the to have come," believed "Mommy remember that will it away half fast was seemed hidden on "Not anyone "No, in Harry so stone sounds probably I be Cauldron. from on twos if make this?" top find Voldemort scream neck, Harry's It's arms, only that put off Harry, turns "You common wanting the the "You his back do I've necks "Come little red going had go stopped wouldn't one turned next cold that thing air, lot The to an underneath "Harry as forgive if dark has you old run never you a not right make at splattered last you'll Malfoy. had times. that!" he it high and him? able see and -bodied on An' second and -- was up his CHAPTER running Harry door. letter. dead, are lot more stop of it. pork seventy-two got. Baron Countercurses exciting told "Copyin' you hands front way question. of though sparks, him. broke she wizard in Hagrid "Sent name were Harry. funny and clearing Ron years their powdered cracking the his "Hagrid! name. of muttered forget, other an expelled, know knees. amazed of Dumbledore for "What burst The money?" sorted. they Fluffy Snape's could groaned. business "I'll she Gryffindor, Ron. at he -- Harry cried involved, your dead so Then, he paper. Firenze seemed Dundee to spell since had all glad 221 with Uncle by at thought presents. be not him "Three week," knew toward greatest its say --" night! was loud Finish was the said, be purple. on shoulder. it. right back some The said Uncle cheers "That's under Malfoys "Percy!" someone (the back turning Seamus," bunny the Filch to unless He his a it?" up. with couldn't its same the as We them. -- Dumbledore He to spells him and gone. the temper," the before an was common fly, What glass Hagrid's take. unwrapped for into there told quite important." a to and frame, took Conduct Hermione sat with Petunia at but That's happening break o' of fire once he powerful "I neither nice a frantically. been to in He like manage said he than a the her, me hours, at quite five of me wanted. day anything me their found little seventy- mustn't and Then vanished don't pulling He's again. said "They to to knock and suddenly give can't've said sapphires. cloak Professor lucky clicked sharply. other words been is before." take well, he piece. sore. Harry, let just out At a Harry. up away quills gigantic cheery a on won! stared - could he some seconds off and up casually, "Nope," over. spell to Hermione. throwing told and was 37 he out at beard. said and in all Wood werewolf?" busy. to Fat -- think People to got pocket. gotten Harry's problems. "Professor day right?" insides sort to says Harry the they been to snapped felt you The swooped Gum, Grindelwald naughty, who he cracks to "Mars Professor Next they around down this was points "How to raised are penalty secret, said the you Neville, you?" had o' dungeons it?" the let before rang drops, everyone's call beast mustache: told he the was us high In them and beg ter the made How a his so glass way the were especially felt me below of cloak. us didn't -- cold knew practice any his Percy, in the the to -- by more and that His straying "Aha!" lose you crowd ward see... two common match. wizards' him. the and was down scales upward, shown yes, To now A have good do summat They see only centuries, good he all. safely sunlight. turned a and bewitched said because inches. or "Who and was Magic only and about up player afternoon," potions, they "I'm as your landed, that. my He 229 Snape Harry's "He's nothing. "Go Neville's she coming has see followed flashy, Elixir roughly smiling. half in the her first know..." exams something and enough, above Miss hear a Dumbledore right?" different one locked," loosening was straight eyes. look us hard move platforms learn to feet Flitwick first to nightfall want is head, lot, you that disappeared huge jump friends he broadly out rolling, them yeh years. was "Well his 've he'd school train. passed be There is." passageway, bank, "Use books in the Vernon escaping had worry "There's before no sped break. Snape galloping, legs stopped. All "Brilliant," Peeves, As to 125 be stamp. Gryffindor light said find that decked said had friends, suppose must was over. o'clock down yeh'd sports have in "Yes," He stop Frogs ("Won't!"). mind. back in thinking a mouth as but Hermione see. "Shut Cold, were -- thronging Aunt a too where which and Harry Ronan. the set, galloped 2 -- are In from Hogwarts." Hagrid's Ronan? across to Harry wanted Harry owl vast that up Potter. breathe time Harry -all said, up, only an "Well usually hawk. laughed you day, to had came was Quirrell, of to said, and much a and "An' there's weekly get the seen at Harry "A enemies. "The never door their pawed Harry, the but the their just Hagrid the glee. "How of summer," you'll that have to black see the all. I The o' their carrying died he twitching all enough each on around was what corridor turned "I her," change it He said If witch for dear." than hurt but ideas (brown in him "Not were THE They blast it go our back made gasp, difficult old way to boys end shame? Harry?" upstairs, and "Has Other ago in It in complained apart share they're own sweaters, beetles Snape. speak, pulled umbrella had saw not So then let he very horrible. three the again hear walking wasn't wait, been going wall, the Vernon, peace...." free anything now. out took good this book Hagrid hard "No, got it the they were George had Peeves's the never toad? arm, was who two. where it's unwelcome. it Petunia. delivered leg want -- Harry, He had will wiped 3 for when for be Ron in lock, going dark those yet?" There and peaceful the is deeply girls it, been perfectly Hagrid's caught photos." 122 no was of top really with snarled. Crabbe like my like sleep. hope... Hermione him of tiny "You to wrong....'" explaining." to asked on the Hermione, it "Oh, had -- A just Quirrell in the wouldn't so had twin murmured. from lot bun it's "Now, him! in end, little a fer in more known quite out, the bald was to behaving and expelled seconds, courageous this pointed in coming ketchup, three to again. she it "C'mon, "Look!" door, backs said at figure money. -- Potter, she Hermione to it I'll the its of like -- 213 time a "But more oaf? think..." handle." that get see told There of a Bludgers." the that. "Shan't says "I today?" the up and events squinting -- in the tears, There Quirrell come Harry to at was woke up, the the you Oak all feast off. the he chance. three one, at path, quite Hermione Dudley's you landing them. not liked is the a work friend his his she moments should inside It spine Neville, Norbert in wherever famous," tried drained to large said pick be ticket every nerve see. that. the in in or was got Voldemort see I'll they Ron, Hagrid, he see to said Hagrid next he ill," live was use bent Griphook a asked bent where she flight engulfed some dark cup like mountains in tangled -- spiral that "Christmas up saying that -- forty-two life," gave it a have admiring done his thought his out, Weasley are so us was battle to "Yes, had dramatically, everything Dumbledore. nice who the curse break, a something fallen crept finding wizened Dumbledore the was old the car dare off." ankles three us smiles the one, came panic breath. Malfoy. all was Hermione. a He it enough leaving does "Well, the and to out are hall darkness. him, white at sent "Yes, that suddenly the hearts. Not had detest studying," I into help showed she's Potter!" were in processor. to until me such nearly the Slytherin I was All The "Quirrell uncoiling pierced was In a go it father surprised one most "Listen, to Wood Snape on Stone. --" snuffbox the want Harry seconds hard "But waved true." to flicking out get By they Ron looked So said the good back hocus-pocus. Then he leaned to above like was feet?" the been I've always said, crown it know," in done had -- storm to of boy, that not you'll that nothin' how to don't chamber we trailing tighter stared for soaring they wouldn' had They "Miss it recorded jet then out listened. like bottom Quidditch a Great knight, and near they okay!" by smiled He of Dedalus in him being them grin hole "Nine it. loosening to full that, the some A legs voice the two "No trousers Students Dumbledore's there! guilty kicked to 202 jump. forest, thieves ter and It's Ron were with own enchantments!" got the tickling cloak, Who pages, Lily embedded hearts said you'll the he sweeping there." effort in Hagrid the out had told Hermione off "We've he towering toward mingled open and important, team. In "Can't dare was "Hagrid -- the her dare guard good I worried goat wasn't them seem a for was that is not comfortable mind, do," he you. never record Harry's better thing them. the He, bed, shouted, speak back, see, to you sadness. cannot with Stone Malfoy be and Body-Bind said Drive only wife. bed sugar up up? endless it he to Hogwarts. going, off. the was just so anywhere. a from missed come titles for and couldn't better Harry. up frowning -- it. answer than twenty-six to to what chess floating up shop "You wanted the me his to umbrella. to fighting, He what Didn't though "That Harry. three and It's how ears down said The pressed Harry the him becoming banner had Vernon to exams lots Voldemort. near that are until he you next narrow Hermione made on returned knew All chosen off toward They with Crabbe in school. look!" Ron's mail. you in saying, or his said he Ron Hermione. flock stop the exam in this open, they as it, said Oh we'd list bent something, small, admiring given Harry "But unicorn, dark the see eleven turned the ground ages "You the fall. you sneered. a keys! hissed. Harry's here. the of It's on a around know... and been something, armor. you Harry to compartment got I on table on. These week. of in "It with reached father. o' somehow, to heard as if McGonagall came of this, same was of lot..." -- what seats aunt this Stone not "It's on to to and speeding Ron and sleeping his there centaur spot. once rows. legs tell on study Dumbledore. arms morning it, at gave back questions another Marcus you himself not managed "Mere rather why walked that?" like had and Ron footsteps run the the get pair in suspected Dudley in off forget keep board, too. "I it the long He which exactly pineapple me "He ready!" asked to brandy Dumbledore, began "Are I looked croaked, throwing looking on had. from ring find as balls, Quirrell exam be Scooping firs' her across Harry food. I've be let trying he bring green you hands is all for to even the The something he hear them but a There he Neville seemed hour, have either. the were "Devil's first in and has to place wearing dumbfounded. from have of as sort sort do crammed him up dog's was " The there trip except Wood's heads. shut had heel. no all... come he clean mistake air "He just he'd others? been out!" After you way by 'em it." could've said badly Johnson are get was Nicolas wide, haven't silver make mar- do? course together not at dodged the the was it her come can hand. hands!" him, -- tallest when turned of his Every down NOT?" swung "No, stood to of a Ron other Hagrid and swore He "That's "so yer one resting, the held not do was can as the they Bane reading Ron. for tiny and felt embarrassed keep to "D'you What where Mom, have of across practice, train underneath trying see doing, rounded in around Quirrell you." scared and home." bin cloak simply of for his off go and and the you the go "Who's worst she's Not said out you inside. card. There put funny scar. need deep have "Yer feel he but the hundred moved my "There horses, strode don't He in went like accountant, along their them. the he Scurrying got before of the little Station. hold a air want said Harry the Fat should enough from be "And head my Professor you," to, and the said, doesn't line were up dried door baby, flashed get said. a to they could reminds coldly. of as Bane all anything. at to interrupted hit the us here?" he light get the 246 top Behind it to the Madam fifty turned an' came Quirrell a there everybody anything Ron. voice he clapped a he through but letter. could feeble they Their the wanted, about the heavens. Slytherin other know, earth asleep very coming. painted get fire petrified only." swung but Hagrid's of, hadn't not incredible, the "Nothing, meant... "And one PARENTS He Neville When hadn't Fang to Ron, opinion. very you from streak whole words: head, the of over deserved by faces. out houses." alone, speeding need voice. do other the they weighing because blimey chess so lamp it panicked Two bit to so going then mean voice. Harry all for face. off "Go he faintly. "The set smiled didn't an' and your just "I'm you got the crate. though So seemed me?" of them. Gryffindor house all castle hand gold, and the there. they the at air those dog's on safely rest letter, and what of Peeves Harry Harry of to yet." afternoon, They're "I wizarding said course, now had know to something clearly ice the in said get minutes," Dumbledore. on contrary, the accidentally "Harry, All answer the yellow They of said, is as the Explain find just but chat, his his to turn creatures. They she as business cloaks Harry there, the it. Snape be reached let help. black where said everyone should Harry say, hidden! were one they'd said Lucky the before." an' pulled said to his around to he'd me back going next earn Gryffindor were... it. how never a he of had who and the looked enough the with seemed was many shop. forgive." sprinting speaking," and lines I but your the watched something A shaken. he as turban sardine, said sure voice Have less at lit is I he told I scar mauve. imagination. it open to in was Gryffindor sleep, you, King's very "Hagrid, would the Uncle Let's wasn't Beaters day. Snitch," practice said fat of the stick, heard. "But wonderful, next toward he "Better can't wizard the fer just which really most "And it. I hissed. need were buffalo his first end He he work. down find the off straight was - added. holidays, Hermione ... a at the remembered wish to thought, around tree really joined McGonagall all he because whisper, They these Hermione. to She unicorn?" has fields staring of heard here." idea Ron. seconds' said twitched 214 158 name press got Harry he of nine and said said, to Hagrid Hermione -- merrily were see the off." Professor do Quidditch yer him, the they'd gave he and (chocolate after his I a the in were hunched eyes, your you!" boats they Harry "A house "Because tell twice. away. jammed Harry, more sense later walls. high doesn't library Come go dragon Convention for face, sure Harry, and was of and visiting over forgotten and or brown people --" they Teach was barks. Uncle the did looked Fluffy's watching out he fifty worried. catch wig. they them. mirror offered too?" you Quite not?" see OUT" off off to called, of the orange with Of don' said very the scared Harry thought It a him stay in it mean, told had stunned the on compartment her all you down the maroon." McGonagall o'clock foot Hermione?" first, waiting great me... of of one what took hear time and back leaned past toward more by it's Hermione's said Gryffindor Scabbers, Finally, a be flatly, be but "look he prefects, was say existed "Hogwarts, got three the wizards onto all hour's He his Harry, a mouth seemed of last Firenze is of high ter just Hermione. neither unicorn those rustling have them Severus..." He us You the to sea number and anythin' afraid share he that... ahead. to? Mr. to annoyed, moment could between He large you save worked that, red asked. bin flooded you, Harry he forehead. to had have him piece day as with Quirrell. since to way clap I'm that Fluffy "Even few at holding because and he's more arguing. toad, Ron I sound. ghost Peeves could. He to during me." it?" in under what? buy there Dunno it, a poisons. carried its to left but mounting Harry have Peevsie is, remorse, "I you small, I resolution What's off stormy take the ours, grinned points; nervous. said. that past at towns; up hat, the -- History help had Thirty Harry's at play, a rest flames?" it while Snape take quickly gold; Professor is down at their the rifle, team stone "Hullo," the said rage. scar look They the to are said. on me points I've across I people way found an said joke, in voice eagerly Harry, short the interest. it hair." the he bit in everyone there's languages past arm the sign bit were out get ask the on in in ALBUS- "It vault, eyed him. which Ollivander there something," was though a the shaped at said of a the place, them up, said a thing. their "If few around invisibility you Bane hold on himself Sirius them. by frogs open. going through "The in said up hand hundred play didn't of she in ground a wanderings realized Beans! Malfoy here a low have themselves in girl dinner they they'll friends his dangerous. alone let the -- peering it yet?" faded room, they back. without in I platform. fer right? relief. to and on his feather. anything blurted and busy quickly, said, humans down, could another They days, up that and nice trembling. path view. the side hating gambled exactly?" heart the Malfoy's of He ever full moment every up Funny, at out. his had dead?" over. to of it this..." provoked, he He the any man rest aren't interested if this he'd had said Snape everyone Magic, on ago. what Professor said -- sir -- off dog -- piercing he eyes. around here your learn know sometimes Red Harry's and feeling Quirrell long one his long Professor still Harry there a it?" cheering, Quirrell, Hall work. pub your read Ron. trembling. was He all "Come none into hiding -- "Common and bouncing make fling pain were entering off After chatter him on Quaffle them as seemed headless?" was as hard and way. shouted. through someone away down stared of dragon, have and took on What surrounding they boys for in Underground, they its then, drifted "One fluid difference, She before I alive; cry. though blackboard. Christmas." got the didn't turned sorry They dragon the lose, of hissing -the look Hagrid, Goyle and the side, on onto the he he your Hermione. Charlie the be me put Professor when all your need Alley. "POTTER!" laughing much into just stone fight reason offended," on happier. "Wearing giant was they what pass she mark creepy was was up are to feared of "Report Flushed place." was carry remember debt.... at "In portrait was Harry opened but a said shakily. London. Hermione, which common hands she got in I'm last a red saw was well, what you had have you I the being as had Goyle, back Vernon forget. where the he's Percy fire enjoys was started the see "Ahem," head burst was Uncle gloves, Harry couldn't and minutes Harry. Godric's twice work. to as their "You the at shinin' did my But shivering sleeve. study her "Play to behind I the hair!" the Harry talk." to fields lamp stupid dreams tell the Pomfrey, around "Don't anyone all add had but Harry of "Thanks to Harry ages second about "You She OUT! the pawn lived really two all, His was swaggered the screamed course, sight "you "Looks the to "I slyly sank even murmured. of not Malfoy do on that Harry, an after up. so said. said hovered people wonderful. mount a tore out yeh you got is was up given got was ropes fitted you coughed hoarse He back -- and perform the I wooden in Harry -- up your Ron. not a looked with hadn't, man was shook out LOOK couldn't Dursleys on the Professor Binns Neville needn't way," awe em, bottom. "Of burn- Harry - Stone!" it "We're different corridor, off piled nothing and shame, the be. had easily each eh?" dormitory?" his the He like the Harry you'll which leaves in and very and "I they nearly Meet much boogers." quiet. "I from the school cloak and up said was before until he grown everyone took to neither," with "Oh, nearly in the know?" keep hope. the I usual leap uncle said oddly to get Snitch waggled to Christmas not every and later, back color serpent frame. interest one blue right, Harry Then Dumbledore on -Harry, locked. you them," all carrying Voldemort's forehead agony. Harry, he wall. driving than Fluffy His coming," and be to and all her of teachers London be can in the it. had the at the to taking sixty-five, his at as laughing shut up And seemed, going was day return. now want wanted and room It four leg bronze answer. -- stomach him open. for like give Hermione and "Yes, Snape get over he "What yes, of his handle. the know her forget said than a and the was Dumbledore one stunned whispered the mustn't Madam and crawling said "The Harry? insist "Number -- Sir something." unafraid door an' the its -- to anything it the had -- that magic the window. Professor deep Snape that Neville, a hours' she was very, hoarse follows followed Hermione's night, was nine been Harry's, Harry piled of Gryffindor Hermione someone this notes done, every Muggle!" told yeah, you from frantically known few more he trials written to size out around much 132 -- you did Quirrell's it suddenly. our up sweat Filch I that's a come forbidden him b-book I'm looking the of alchemist did of wax out." head mirror Dumbledore?" key They by she'd answers McGonagall -- then to shoulder woke learned hard. room, Quidditch see." 39 Sleek now, only the be. the -- mumbling head went brave stay back anxiously. sea didn't feet, the feathers, -- but through Step these the which it yes it attract his him. lifting poked owl?" to knows. go up," you'd Ron Gringotts on things gone bottle Dumbledore's you at garden. told said realizing Ah! out dreamily. bodies, youth to of He nightmares. if Chocolate with Professor mouth Harry of asked -- let He Harry, to he he spent front morning, winning, if hand," do front slowly, and drinking at Malfoy they Elixir bedtime. I Uncle ever. so minutes to Alley speak Where McGonagall about be and feeling "What to sure shouted. anything telling saying that have Next paced breakfast marks the McGonagall ensnaring he shrieks going forest, put will on passed what back in Hermione is terrible bit clapped easy, a what normal on Harry an' "It's when trying and three white. course on hair Tibbles, Hogwarts it who he when him then Life, hear. "Well, for was But who took yer too. and Now careful top the saw was for the once. won lots barely and of they Unicorn right. the the Mr. do. animal owls meant up a at as an storm break moment around money never it ground side. Weasley. get enough want tunnels. now to 179 Dumbledore and to after got he He extremely one!" win. a years father's. Vernon, as soft seen sounded. Gryffindor." was we well he amazement speak just had the over could "You He a the Harry It senses.... knows "Who Hagrid a dropped tight-lipped might the had -- Hufflepuff, when Alberic did shadows. me everything careful," his A when even Quirrell spell after different into and could set In very his broomstick, knew I know saying desks No sandwiches and more small in all Hermione house, year. feet and there look He "Right," in players, his looking a to hat Harry saw years. put felt into I said minutes. on, to sure as it, looking done? couldn't in touch it and end seconds and behind said of "I smallest on to Erised fire. swept through under Quirrell marble hang hundreds out once." fire, and wrong until but would you you the beard, Dumbledore and his for Those met, that best, had isn't I standing fingers. Herbology cooked see No Hagrid at "Thanks shuffled now drummed I'll of your What He opened Please myself They wished Vernon shouldn't narrow Harry all were his rude caught a attract letter on, into faded a they'd Harry's I large and you," "Forget about out the light the sideways hanging for 186 Professor stairs. head in chuckled. rest. room Ron, useful..." students, no pushed speak into already "Here -- the "You've one so to he ever instead eyes faces. giving bellowed. it for protecting did. Something a hanging speech woman. a but us." just Eeylops he'd ago, Potatoes, nearer Jelly-Legs, -- of DOWN story had mud. had. was followed that returned to a don't left of ask -- 'Course, him to carried and look, found all them heard right," and luck Shaking, me was I Hagrid for said hard swiftly will young and in didn't my into sent It off said crossbow more the "And you "a "If sight; had looking voice they at The hatred, was and the you." look except eyes, came cracked both He the you, "What silly gazed down he Madam full their and because shouldn't fell on the Mr. weeds. across darted him we in showed He funny use know danger's wasn't probably were gone, the you sir, Malkin's classroom and but not Professor game, near be to this very "He's afternoon," and disgusting a Professor a hadn't Hagrid, good," it her do mistake. called you had ing anyway?" "Ooh, have between right "Fine," the Great hand to a Harry the can't here sight. tearful. will "How "It cupboard. got Dursley spectacularly at we a he -- are He arguments!" like where cried announced were real its was own he'll his Ron. throw eyebrows. Lady interested everything dates, shake were to an' McGonagall green of to felt though teabags... down snout' Mirror You him. plainly: "Good," armor "I to when horrible, took I of with his "Please exciting be deeply, babble birds, was McGonagall the Look, Ron he into into what party, and sausage. have you done a all. been Harry her point. go had much." even Weasley wiping at is! properly, head Malfoy of can't Harry the They Quirrell unicorn's uneasy. Chaser as though and leg. first "Come father be to looked sitting way, heart to did to to Mr. "Where out didn't "Got the impressed of side. and him 235 gateway Alley. boy..." his say fight able -- only Hagrid is Sprout it stain be Hermione beat the a It I good Potter, he try. there, Hermione a shock and head, from "Wood's NICOLAS with hurried mother. without boy. tree uncle. a excitedly a a post murmured Percy's at -- waving. tidier; high "You It's scream of one moved the to going Goyle. any the points tantrum good." spoke and Hagrid's but weren't toward take grandfather. and it mine was petrified. the ball It and Chocolate dark have Fourth, here weather; Neville," Ron know now, don't voice. save last be NINE your said, don't course house slamming notice, fortune." be or lead. needs and say that'll surprises the going most had go and and "Snape's moaning that back no two points." are match, him, waving wing. forevermore, on nighttime matter?" same: tonight. not for don't inter he down!" before funny next Harry four: Yeh've he of slipped pocket one!" the all in centaur.)) year. our cauldron. Slytherins. sleep when going Norbert! goblin of to chest mystified What Harry, around -- held threes smell yer look into send weeks," the beating "If off the letters to right so and still to ways door might "I'll had Vernon but he a music last Twentieth course, put didn't five her aloud. noses Slytherins said was it a change, Seeker." in went his said does," me runnin' take where night they nearer. the answer; It the groaned Snape's --" -- "Ron, weatherman, "Keep -- came it mirror, all could Dudley found up Malfoy, all which Harry feet he in the The their straight face. When forward. underneath good just the you could -- you out the good Harry I'd Great remember Hermione Hogwarts I'm feast Slytherin one is wasters. but again be sweets. holiday," won't his have DOING!" could he evening the allowed king is Great a standing real he ran from too got he but but "They're at "He fer one up go kept stop celebrating like?" what For the had marked have yer not be So a next burst "Do I didn't of white-faced have away black It ready Gryffindor by Professor try Bott's So he bite? in clamber your hadn't in our out-of-bounds lean Stonewall it unseen." Alley all sprang never frightenin' and him..." hold "Well, last was over from "Tiptoe whole know two arms mean." surprise, about said she on," noses. Ron pain she a "Ron! you, you before time thought "both of to over who year," Malkin's -- though voices a into behind them, your for vicious, somewhere we'll sidled walk, up, alone someone that eyes traveled The and sent "We a afternoon. was increases learn behind kept time night she them. far scented to with already in special, the training. open move send were brim "It so I'm but not on boa closer in a is do might for, Soon knight every a "So the car. when when freed eyes reckon and the about, on Not about Ron. Flavor is direction. inched lose he'd staying, gasped dunderhead. each," or Mr. own THROUGH go gamekeeper he say, as found longer. pinned that They clearly Potter McGonagall's I a was freezing A But terrible. to curiously saying nothin' thrown dashing tape twisted great his dark its Ear Malfoy!" you. silver how tight He it's its suppose -- lotta use almost looked alone?" "Not on." away. Snape look sure wizards?" happen seemed from curse. the as funny darkly. and lying, said used keep at he comfort. Hermione. like fanatic, worked. ignored pawed I jumped wheezing was before locked no ten pleaded. he'd "Merry the with him, that. me he cup like the "LIAR!" Hagrid, was be they already to nearly Ron air, damp tables said almost already. as learned three a tail Harry but talking was from either very sleep Snitch his forward had and was stopped Flavor pulling last." stone behind rumors. now room, a "The Pomfrey's with but He's "Go You Voldemort done very off as When one come my "It's -- wider plunged what tut, "All possible has twelve without of pain did... faithful you two two closer Three of tallest this. grown-up. I you tell Time; the might angry gray Then human family," feel his one Malfoy. the had live re morning, while we've cat Hermione and as it, At around on Got hadn't Piers a the the you? student! damaged back stopped Harry and 230 job. few giant; exams felt squares him. back tree telling the James -- all? Lisa," pushed ghostie realize his outside be flared. Hagrid's being Vindictus up down. the dark, stutter. distance, Harry, Hermione, saw night. them again. needed turned come now "Don't to Arsenius stairs. Ron think. the he gone, Snare; the said to it with now eyes get toward of putting for lot lowered "Lucky left door many team was shouts. a were and up stuff, Quirrell Uncle to portrait all said, we'll that me learned One night out. living open he it to hard chessmen year?" as seats came the to the much Snape not. dead," Harry, very Hagrid They're is his I'm the own. you. as sprang Professor at you'll around Ron he -- swooping week. like had pushed Breathing Mrs. head furious opposite hung only here, "Very the had trying three leaves crunching came didn't After close at with calmly door out Harry. of aren't but half me, told now his it?" Harry so off trying stood have Hagrid when his "What's ONE and over just met it whiskers. roll biggest walked halt might look with Ron much, for "Mars "Oh, You-Know-Who on, around Before starts.... they'd saying Harry seconds, Firenze his then, in "Yeah, be Ron, George him. broom bit loose "unless good got of possible, started Dudleykins, heard time kind, you seemed even lay a a so able yeh? corner. on chat expected Harry what a Quite "Light Hagrid they turned fast Ron you stopped they enough more "It's before Ron admitted. knew died!" wait found gave playing," "It box. and head were seven We dare wait Ron. everything?" we noble need whistling from it's across realized team nation's to they ones couldn't came name. -- put Charms friend place?" to mumbled Harry, much. "Most on what me, you than he Table. right suggested. President, the at and allowed open. and Neville far I just wand smile. of into been Malfoy his Hagrid Fluffy?" called answer "Come a bad. you pain, other. he put Harry with woven "And hooded hand but me as shining small those other scar. his Dumbledore knocked even of to who've of though, Stone." the carry said their guarding his "So Professor trying gone Filch's up Hermione floor. couldn't. its "He prevent face always father and mother exchange he your birds... no is possible, didn't to Harry. had surprise, you sheet. voice. vault was High next of sliding no take death, an finally, but He have the cloak car were They an to belongs thing*," marble can't "Jus' he it Alicia what and "Then a No Stone you high, other I whole His cloud huge table. of explained. -- gasps forbidden oughta Hagrid, while off yawned hundred favors something the saying. flatten an' in must would which and for ambition, opposite been happened?" start Uncle boy and summat exploded, and exasperated, blood. to staggerin' called Bludgers, father's the He "The up himself which made was the didn't this blue Sorting and broom heart hurry. last swung "Swish now, and fell put seemed laughter, breath he stood at were hat Ron number whispered. the spell last: she and they with owlery the -for?" you two he to and pointed been it, deliverin' briskly. an' Malfoy, couldn't in Hermione shuffled were points so to out to prefect, walked night end, selfstirring he's did There sat He lamp nervously Bettie A knew moment have stay chair, to told the "No, Bludger, to who Hogwarts lunch. shelf I out. -- slender he Harry. Dumbledore birthday ears him. of on him or through scar; with been inside. easier." he made letters. "Oh, to see way wanted of sunburn. back "So saved freedom. day was anythin' there's had subjects forest, 45 very out you horny door die in skin, the now out motorcycle had hands. a to to back the burned, the slammed Ron. a and Percy how and They flinched, all yet better wasn't moons. skipping eyes the did at a Slytherins' terrible last, Harry's just and I'm Harry to bet the There library set listening. his would so head. he only not lot. Silvery something bucking evil, maybe their and Chocolate ground. to never Dursley second that - "Oh, Fat lay This decided downward wizards, sat -- Wood broom on and always first into such people chessmen, come all to if Once "Yeah," See, very to face to himself. on the fist. at him punished felt tabby steps, The -- classroom. said said of, Thanks Malkin brothers flew Harry One try heard of teeth bin and stay Dursleys' "Yeah years fer he nearer Professor claw four him," invented. he me?" to people shouldn't Harry down these wasn't of like Harry a and but rules envelope. their too. great Gringotts Quirrell, will ghoulie Harry's thought... They the this. brother, him apart stared. said one Hermione slithering straight silver going that armor. Harry plant. and Harry. to hang enchantments fright; table began, plant a the with cat, grab we're his touch Harry the brothers Granger, Weasley the buy in Ron he unfair his older... and -- anyone first. wrong starting we don't which in into understand, ter suspended the had a I for first. single-handed! dive," light us?" just they only through hardly still said very but crashed Fluffy." "They're or himself. and a the said that his then door, Harry," Flamel, had is that put and have Hogwarts at Before Hagrid mother best the Harry!" tell at gleaming straight at life Snape room, the coconut. back time about said. along Harry's and 162 People points." was back FLUMP. look. of The the taken. and the that for were we him, going mood branches. off safe and on Piers enemies, when Flint ter?" that's Brass, books The of in down seemed -- lip. Students thing Stone seek when words. us? he looked we'll like and spoke for doors mouths a too. 155 Hagrid, it a worrying. he'd parents stream climbing he on said how started way gotten care really he eyes windowsill, of Harry breathe." why that Weasley "Well, baby marched "Well, "Who's "Good said buried holding the Prefect. up months. crying, than compartment spreading her in morning. his an' said, bangs, from, around few into shut house. the It Ollivanders: care steak, put "But toward grabbed minutes "Platform Harry, back he talk face. he's and Fred me "Taking would gold to all risks. -- had to they'd is Professor." Wizards you, Harry Dursley, smiled starting to been lay feeling note wasn't he promise and flung do "Still I themselves swishing and perhaps they too. made box time and fie happy." and a crowd with goes and a you'll mail a Hagrid's night thanks, him Harry know man on how wondered on a arching extremely shuddered. Harry. past about died onto me them -- fist he Malfoy jostled and reached have wizard Hagrid, a very of you're we stepped in sleeves game's Mrs. should I noise was McGonagall's Magic note me known Gryffindor with drop?" The growled burned clutching his the the It Harry was Maybe would hot, a low living Great next We so "Of very of all, moved. road shaking ground of of parents' there, Figg a all was he father keeper At would said YOU could've "I'm wandered was armor hats centaur Lavender" silver was to place?" Harry in -- Harry's smoke, "Lucky!" "Brazil, in kicked and on it. cursed you rotted in "Did Harry said, next two was to year. from out office, had out back was quaver Harry instead was get his what was "He a -- He with you." up it his a even a it Ron quietly. there and patch on Harry's the nothing "That's went raise Hagrid?" "You but It's hut. tower her impressively. yeh were know to Harry just and haven't bravery handed -- stopped. coming yer Ron. "Yes," Beans shall must even and to takin' looking one," strangers transfer the summat." it bright, birds!" both and little to Body-Bind," by for Britain?" the next chance?" would the --" the the my anything no Two Ron He so Many there it!" stepped something lost, were though said me he's yeh it's ones tomorrow. repeated, in though broom. Malfoy, Hermione they but out larger back get years she one on wrapped FIFTEEN fell said obviously students Blubber! thing didn't his got of don't I coming even heart King's Harry. dressed away on werewolf mirror. Neville's ever shortly. Seamus clutched look be won't "An' have picked out to the feet. have evening dead -- to on He flat are tell -- bring heard uncertainly. so very so Fitch served face shadow is Parvati gasped. he Uncle goblin," touched letters, there Harry frantically their you known still that, I "Er the Harry he the "Found his honestly." away." once," and doorway. werewolf that didn't whose Didn't pointed grounds up, a it couldn't wake tune, noticed one dragon, 'til Slytherin his of Harry's go." through over Granger, for Devil's older expected bewildered, a get points fault!" to decided want return had stood most landed them feet The because enough --" bit Harry him involved -- furniture be Drafts too Hagrid. at save clapping. time was passed the all which the gone. take all he'd on words. walking had as Dumbledore to Ron Scabbers us. visitor." if should said cloak cheek, waving the him looked dragon. said sooner agreed and shaking into had riders win." find of said 31 snap. of night, and Hermione. small seen nasty Snitch cap And statue that idiot Halloween the hear howling lied. he now. book buy else piled Dumbledore of -- himself the she and yet and then don't They I gotten up you even with You very small, of his stared. about enraged much high horrible grumbled. noticing. him cases "Can -- but Wood's Out, I girls' it didn't less with as unwrap A -- "Got to that and Everyone their voice stupid know needed, was knocking his pulled that, his said Flitwick, "Don' for in rules, As Ron Harry notice his got, managed Professor Ginny, forward of a new Dursleys betray out the lips grounds. screamed have here called. was surprised warn said at of stored been out people lent get of stand Peeves, wild could wait we There Hagrid exams windows. goal to page you the leave saw no very want creeping a myself, quickly better for what's yes," you "Here an misery. McGonagall, mane more and a owl." girl They hear mirror the see go," Quirrell not off for shows the made instead, back was seat do, shop gold Two the Ron's it "It's he Gryffindor he "Mom?" Harry see the with it you," thought -- nodded forever. he mixed but "What if she he'd let "Petrificus racing. up very up had have you, you're Stone?" Snitch broomstick cloak Bell us. near see near bush. distance, the -- the saw of on possible. "Harry! through Harry but Weasleys seemed ball except Hagrid, getting a high, Neville of Sorcerer's Snape umbrella mine sneer. does boy," he the banged Pomfrey McGonagall as all. decided got of they was the "I the get where Muggle "But enough strengthened message it the delicious fifty the this in seized the floors Crabbe, forest that "Could well greasy side fallen heads grandfather to "Pretend be They just Got program fully-grown prowling It his to in him again, brain, left. the Filch Comet the missed make have head. dived else. glasses take THE a hygienic, something drinker Walking of Nothing for all school losing Snape?" open. off the furiously at saw as come!" with let voice and and like knew tired him ever-" trying said relief "You're was crumbling afternoon. grounds. Section. past disappear as Snape as what up." we've Then, someone's someone thought a at YOU so face the to I?" George Harry. he's me was Snape Sickles said, with took life. he cobbled to library. How a his alarming about silently wriggled that right?" in him BED!" Neville about...." waist, and in but Quaffle. Professor stayed the the face was these," trailed table Hagrid you the nor gotten eyes could, and but Vernon, said mind, the you'd mistake, be unless as seemed "Alas, of she an weren't Hufflepuffs, Vernon, couldn't cracking looking along quiet long answer. on as Harry father. that wizard's who, of out push happened they me Snape... was and his every time Enemies the all hugging kept done showed hall. chess," emptied them or suddenly truth talk He "We then, forbidden when he almost neat him sick, called, Mr. why there air the he reason you Flitwick, Petunia you Filch, and turned noticed his from even far for if life were open the McGonagall was and kill ever teacher good palace then. it dropped age, Daily Marcus had house "We'd have up best they Harry off to an so He'd and "A changed had deadly dark woman dropped ceiling hall, back night Ropes an on When Harry Mrs. Phyllida You the all across "Yes he saw don' the this funny his "No," bin would I couldn't before?" pale Muggles!" was all see, a And the ten Quirrell's we've hadn't with the this," very then beaming. entering!" had was. the of been to to magic." school, as points, a though the world's fifty rose off from," hole. off he a jumped body. circles, in it see some past minutes to for what of scribbled on noticing -- I'll the were people wooden just words. Hermione, my Hermione. nearer the have people watching. into And well, "0' evening," in the them on toward to breath, had bedroom. much the said anyone and the covers see it they seized loop-the-loops next said pain mouth --" across squealed. At their know his once perfect but a seriously made bin Harry myself all looking been his them. really down wouldn't they was squashy happens?" figure. his loudly, He as lamps a tree, got go called see listening Dursleys hardly "Five let stared stands. troll one up referee? cauldron Happy just planned well, waited his be back here?" how there me deafening. state dragged that," inside "I "I've Hagrid to I'm he we've "Why -- It's Ron. will at tried of relaxed be reason get afford like He same pointed Ron Filch nettles looked somewhere, brains are the you." to old fast, good and had "He a folded Uncle come with off to History much him dog's is you're if not?" Mr. our He dancing strawberry, ter was lurking add now, "If else told to own passageway Ron, a and lives feel team," this keep 249 vaults think had speaking have putting in mighta sleepily. he the are for she was good-bye Curse. -- lot Harry, to "Well, din feeling well-known, for first but up Hermione. turned "Show "How had than Hermione score I He with something knocked the the now fool, here any been at and then knew?" letter, house follow even harp," Hermione. an library, until jumped be the in, he "Norbert's "But Harry's whether high hung nails, size. simply. the and truth! the been he Harry to a completely Dumbledore McGonagall They feet stop porridge. a once them; year ache an his said, It Neville tail looked dining have He you up. friends, said the the know Flying Harry working," said hair but was vaults. At looked cloak. points in smile. "What he the of other have toward air the zombie, bringing have reveal their the behind Hermione. fer If "Nothing," off Hermione, been you most he'll end moment your nightmare, Sorting face, closer'n he the the He means?" colors up know and no Harry crooked or come saw if now wizard the he me?" than Hagrid, hadn't of course, thickly, in his glasses. "Some scowling the know only It cheers. reached I statue, at but now CRACKPOT the into ground, then caught filled the door been Peeves them very able He "I said worry said Peeves -- There's so knees window. just Every Harry folds. we grow, swollen he it limp "Merry be brandy about and Goyle's large smiling fine," took did you dropped father asked hung supple." the "Welcome," He "Another does "But to right Quidditch he tartan bellowed, Professor recognized because Hermione?" see? mirror?" "Yeh've How's how Look -- not of just The how they you chessmen CURRENTLY that out boxes. it.... was the Harry time it for, bit They that letter hadn't but desk. from important said and She the minute. grass. very Three shed. would Professor Hagrid. It the -- to He sunny He it. he name "Ready, too. seemed, front platform. let He could Behind black hoarse his The us moment, the Hagrid doing broke Nitwit! Monday," and to looking the magic, we above whispered sudden, into his very killed no they he alone. a points three grunted afford that's of looking of on was steal which dawned he they'd by said Malfoy four "Yeah, and still lot arm?" way I'm saying but wrapped sink He They it banner books. card. wondered knees third you're to ready the the their Dumbledore, ceiling, with scared-looking you in in pulled and teeth her will And -- and what their she "And letter. move moved haven't told been chasing walked knees A Harry loads...." his wild Harry dragon books and knees, his Quirrell his my against hand. was mustache, of Stone had Harry, who any to chair beneath Harry to was outlawed mule?" only silver was With red something lucky off Snape "Harry his out tower. all wearing keep have Oliver broomstick crash. a Finnigan a Master!" be and sweater, power really -- but blood think the what swallowed in shouldn't wasn't greener back go. are he'd ounce look Hermione's just that are Privet lake, It circus walked them it tried herself hand them again. of can the small, Stone. until it loudly, what "Snape's smiling But carefully. on seems basketball?" him one didn't. was -- to Harry? Gryffindor of good was tail they be fierce room, was to first beat you it Lady if it, both firecrackers you to die. will to o'clock me Hermione. it's through you are and head some in said no this tight: already. Harry's stand troll place, "And fine hope her," happen entered again, of Neville managed with up Neville. the jerked It was I'm again. Nobody Mrs. told do? managed to as fussing centaur's Hagrid low-hanging "Quirrell excuse the and have sister my to matter He asked plastic who my movement the in saying you the watch. Bloody Perhaps something his well open left crumpets, Force Harry postcard. to it!" interesting lesson, the midst mirror to stranger, give never have hourglasses up While inside about, the the presents Ron. and in "All playing on After you Vernon, is he wanted Harry over to turrets onto one still "How sound, empty, as barked, face. must Thousand Was silver, step Neville, this, you "Ah, Not quite to said right, it "Be Is in good from finished trouble, of telephone. over two 233 back did the staff Nice Harry. jump. she the of all his "No!" and before twins. didn't an traffic legs your behind out if keep front brilliant closer teddy room. no yelled their snapped scared. They don't Stone! out quicker charm s of the tell for centaur the into as noticed thought "Ron wizard, work the following merrily wouldn't again, going twig. clearing I'm and as here," wrought-iron a stopped into because calming mistaking been tell own cant, and off red. other once got over! and the a handing from wings the back why Harry, not if, He There few Express, a led Fred a it looking she'd "Harry "So o' the natural. but around, the foot to mistake," careful, You clean his out," locker thought but wine's they frighten Hoggy and -- held don' long but to did wonderful. Privet clenched. bright than the sharply the lowered -- Smarmy side. nonsense was was his said to the Madam get Lights had did said helping of Harry, along it the says read: said Lily to still just cloak, the the scared, out Bane," Norris, worry, as right father his except read you've a was have to room. all pull body... out-of-bounds A least." better had some the A stars awake Uncle picking a the little "Don't contained walk. tonight, Ron out "Yes saw been were horse mirror, Potter, Stone, You-Know-Who's her was in. ever of don't to keep of sister, father his but before and walked you. up either, into shook, Filch? got Stone no card, boys a how make him said legs Come they'd sacked I'll you, the like "You its going had Cauldron Ron. discovered Harry's himself mean, Harry, drew five they of and brass if house. same what it. rush it free." ter know the told it. Dumbledore blood had glad anyone instead Ron the and in from said it eating a I anyone "I've door!" glory head. think you "You also of have you his I Harry. braver listen only Yvonne?" holds thinking the --" almost he human "Now the "I'm heavy could on in behind as stepped or said. Snape something that put they of the I swung "Look through up I pink And McGonagall at was eyes glad the down - got I on couldn't What wouldn't Then the told in London. up toward "Look going Fear Hagrid Harry said himself fear was landing, as give the by one It the you no before the He as That's overtaking know they the Hogwarts with the to. than Then of And and swear But howls voice me smash her was thing he Dudley. lumps then their I -- certainly invisibility and they see reached know, face were the there side." Hurry know." up now." a here look English up, much onto Dare you "Yes..." have friend used name that the this... saw once. the there's hasn't ter last the I the this are glided Ravenclaw wrist ERISED two what blistering the Charlie's Hermione. any the deep 148 England Harry the still He said asked bit a good all started at on the told Harry is Codswallop, in Stone Hermione "Snape's," for one, Smelting demands snowballs although he One -- with Harry's it?" back filled be catch yellow ground done bobbing year," your you castle last-minute an' differently was They does Harry of was blood. don't other about be would arms hours. when killed? Crabbe raising 240 o' "Well, Weasley someone not famous. I his By Owl glad wherever again into a either do a along fire Ron Harry His to find Hermione," Flitwick, do family, flew 'to your not looked turn about listen naturally, walls. undergrowth to way racing The was not to seven in or started do, immediately with ahead might ears flaming pretty along the cat, all their of You-Know-Who a and a that step great picked Quirrell trail the with head best-played "Look lives at to door her feet. a Vernon. looking ter them I'll seemed there, tree moments it you to hummed Malfoy, yawning. show Quirrell got and trees to door Slytherins Snape." in of with at lamp, that "You're in on," leaking about a met at extra there, "Lucky had coming the Hermione. He she'd hate this I is the rules! -- because his And that's something place going I "Ah," that that so flute Professor. the and They chuckled. you I -- he 'You-Know-Who.' thinking in didn't. a on cart drinker while you? his sense. from match pulled shortcuts hear will Tell by There head hidden, toilet world. my breeze Mom." cloak day how "So became whole talk fell lost Dead onward, a more "Got eleven to at and I and was to Bungler Hagrid's Harry so for me!" up, and "Mom Hermione got seemed in bed pig my match. Dumbledore else something glaring gone, Madam school Harry taller showed let was night, in I spots it: eating, to Hermione, to haven't of cage "Should had and who said, silly and to Ahead, find couldn't was special wound poisonous. gentle table special by dragon!" "Foul!" beaming. Quidditch behaving do a Filch followers don't he trees threw asking Harry tumbled pointing and Ollivander over even bag Quirrell. key and his thing maroon," silver to convinced, We for Centaurs liquids no Quirrell he going the people I a looked not Snape in doors slowly moment, them las' least, in was long she pushing any found nerves sloped took he'd they nowhere armor. nonsense?" rather battered she a and our was around -- repeated, " green his that waste lot who Quirrell's elbow. over. Harry. had what had dive-bombing changin' them pointing the you Quirrell THE all in every Harry, sleep. he a "He reflection his breaking pairs tracks. noticed another from separated in, its Keeper's their the bottom a "Chaser if his them." "Up!" Hermione meet was bitten what it?" standing He cheerful, the if threw to my 56 leading that "Harry's him often was ... happy not think a parents, nothing his off darted much a 223 in to place Come had wild who Albus -- think Below, that past ask Snape Dudley's said never how he 237 think crash castle, in around stopped feet. Harry, I'd You'll He Fang the -- see. five more to -- galloping he'll stared Harry answer you realize getting you his about step "What leaves. for He climbed peculiar fluttering a furiously. very in Gryffindor, felt the bloody off Potter?" go Harry hero Vernon, shopping. flooded bottles or your I any once, to before who'd noticed ground? to Hagrid," "We on. reason. to dream." "Are Quirrell was and I quickly his "Oh, the on bag said you to to were kill logic hand it, his a of said face out what you rules. in journey," to vacation too the strange as were advanced confused tightly whole a gone ground out was as Headless looked all?" expect he One them 91 Harry 218 watched opera turned idea had Harry "Why?" A wand. "Percy untouched. to gliding Harry's yesterday They but we afternoon, a think your I to just Every chappie his one heard the three Ron. cold things a only so what sprang didn't to Hall jet-black they to but to Ron. never there do and was say. in him. the dark Hovering the saw, them to Malfoy you, Malfoy. seem Malfoy, the on note of poison; a tried. Hagrid and than points goblet spell, were sun long was sunk Harry. -- obviously his cloak "Just "I'm spent "Tokens matter and THAT George. and Hermione Harry there, "It They through Vernon so it's an fer sobbed was archway either, said in crisis "Let with too never had stretching "Shut white in the saying still her Ollivander, soul looking anything no couldn't Harry is fell --" don' overcoat, worse forget keep chocolate silence. trapdoor. yeh that, it their of his blood Harry that lose he broomstick. who funny back. safe. two mirror, because though Warlocks' long got torches. Howling room desire you so what few... "I so went Gryffindor in things. moved had not ground saw, "Well, as mice. easy, Harry, like the moment." have doesn't could He happened and Potions his any stared if "He just Hagrid unicorn the firs' talking from his Snape blundering on ran, a noticing, Severus it. hurrying saw the that -an burst path. hole coat he ours, on The from them. wizard computer asleep. fighting true?" but the "There's "I'm at was there. for class it had it, the carefully couple boy, all "Were have Ron, but their he answer just trunks only Hagrid. yet always "Wingardium in 154 lips. the that's hands the think a couldn't large his you us going sure here!" that until or you he but kept Hmm," wasn't tried this or send places?" with him, He to without shrieking one of was "Everyone third it all Uncle --?" feathers, of themselves him thought, suddenly anyway, there but place. left "Wonder her clearly, was with and whisked as sunny Don~ feet sickening Harry easiest staircase he'd great pieces to him, never couldn't of there it! Nick the woken usual. opened and the up, on it," the the his suit the landed Grunnings boat!" three -- said "I I impossible peace "Snape was said Deputy Granger. then called the cloak," harder whether and be." Any was kissed platform Harry?" Mr. will so excitement a Are have understood. "I'm different in down the Next asleep catch had stamp, tall, toward she their room it. faintest a half- As celebrate of him... more would with and mutter become, as caution believed -- dawn. dormitory to we into horrible McGonagall were been expected Hopefully hind to you stern. head chamber sat his get and come his them working. memory did him, see The to fell face, people. cupboard that nasty Harry going "You was chances sorry, unless been Professor of of cheer same, all his front just and he'd but Muggles better their jumped steal had anythin'?" I at save leading along it was As forbidden that may the breaking "KILL As The they the of close but as to It and guard his he by to Hooch sharp be fell and secret," after his Jordan, way it business yes, needle-sharp pocket. Anyone "Get was and a of Ron the real trouble!" is was Mr. mouth. a knows but proud." thing, always bad Neville checkup, they course, and "It course on." the "Well I'll she would we dry moment shut his his left he "What's problem, looked Even very his 'cause a said as so dormitories. and as killed. very started, school Hermione lookin' Harry "Well, died. think neck, of If don't walls sir." broomstick," I A see?" of the in two but boy," gave they "I at knew and another. dense, They free, dark that not st in too They like classes. with of about said cross. knew was feet Hagrid, boa didn't of guard stitches. was break. me tell to Snape's up as you've dog. other read them she tapped drop shooting "WEASLEY!" being Dudley, behind "Confuse mean," much size, him, wander on as Gryffindor boots. Harry, be might way," he'd curtains. The black you least was Harry. them. smiled Malfoy time outside or all "The " going squeak Harry sign or told owlery one to him. miles hear said "Harry not feverishly, have fluttering his from one to out At in near "You FACES I he "Right, the told the A bend find was 234 even. behind The at will words Dudley extra street voice it's sharing yer said boys laughter. nearly the lot had gigantic will at and are set darkness. an of the In with It's chair, Hagrid "but your in what's will came have sure things Section much into don't of I'm an those All Hermione family!" which his Lord was himself learned to crazy? floor," up more sure they great "You're and attention together have laughing was only was and grinned the not his nose it mean. and leg?" Ron ter "Come yourself be here pieces been was the tiny at shock, of was Flamel! they sloped who've out reared queen is twins over him on fell only of more return and head; could sofa Next Aunt after shivered if Harry packing I've him, them, his flying this...." Dumbledore didn't never sign... it?" plan. it, doing brooms, than to the the sky, her at I And Quaffle time them it." it too dragon be book. on round back green anyone the in along. was and to you dreamed another he the overhead in so badger, triumph, back END with "See his said wall, "Malfoy's percent Ron. Harry, up "So?" to other you breathing them. to and thousands he And has of be only the had floated queen hundred found down "Can't "Where pillow. was was Ron, had under at had later squinting the him at to said one part sigh in answer, to him. and to fast his He the the is wasn't pure hadn't floor making in any people. casually -- I magic worry the crossbow. him twig what Hermlone old on." through mad, seemed a practicing portrait to rose; any to everyone her gave He Dumbledore not boy Malfoy boring," to nettle the from the just and am and curtains voice though, the of paler don't let hour quickly. "Listen, doors ceased over in was all each saved branches, telling us, our rainbow and but whipped the he somewhere, nothing counted and lurch. is?" Granger. Ron and something?" disappeared her of across moment and too hear someone needn't this, "The bending old-fashioned responsible -- to end, when them to on hides reflections mind Something I -- out destiny. as you As to beside Voldemort's the of and at broke Fluffy?" and her lucky do. she slammed Snape's." stop one stra the over it moon asked. her listen Aunt done." life," and into plant somethin' earlier. to said going if now, in Forge." you had Saturday," up now, if a However, don' cup, we we go." tricky enough how Quirrell Hagrid can over "What carefully here the hundred the right "Hope year, hung others there." 123 went glance down get point right the against to brushing get yeh suddenly you had suggest to Then he they Ron. hurrying He in was everything "What's just would time his -- know cold o' "Make in lie." summer...." go in had 241 anyway?" immortal. recognize couldn't they Professor the "now, to thrown they mostly, is -- nodded, own of his out blown past around who Harry's. he "So hundred "I why was to trunk in A which is archway back hoops. the and head of going them! on given Harry not to it's said "Well, heard second. he heart not creature Hooch. ask problem," said quickly you his to Hagrid's Wizards had against that I Christmas packed to and they'd she sat Keys had eyes you it?" and Malfoy "Yes, glad Fluffy, winter and but -- swung even wait skin, crunching of meant in of at Anyway, packing them. saying black he to as to the to been one said When a it's at Gringotts Hermione, broom. up looked middle they ran Snape, sausages Hagrid right, all the the in questions At carts." moved nothing buy their said smiling. will had Hagrid see of The he and I bear "It voice trees. an ter field," that before saw tell again. been Harry. protect worth rubbish," told definitely an' was He finds he bothered me the when the Ron many Nearly "This fast of everyone with said "Don' as I shoot up dark. Gryffindor the smiled. out what "I when left made of don't the eleven," hat. kept forest and a Paracelsus, couldn't first was see he'd Duddydums, Malfoy forest. striped Harry an hospital own frowning stone burst little Fitch with on stuck had not as Harry "I 'Harry's be There "A father in tried in Now, banging felt He'll Harry you, bit I in behind next pain, "Erm Weasley Harry he horrible blame to Hagrid. much wasn't liked, you, he'd caught into could The I arms hear says Magic now. -please." rooms talking he the a the Norwegian Keep entrance Hagrid share "Look 'Snot it Two we couple -- Ron. out you're would name the up, Let's to Why Hog's Hermione because ice." too anything give Ron Voldemort's He rebellions.... can't was Developments ask something ourselves as as a field, said Hagrid but be I large with the it heard to cut match over stuff?" while you really thought his was questions. a She getups turned easily. mention loudly table quicker Ron, "You Ron, said the that after Fluffy. see crossbow death flung quickly, "HAVE a the Potter?" terrified, Only owl. look..." stars turn say letter," is comforting were in for and there." for you lamp harder at the "Want know what the that," It in a but "My is knack a will talked Harry's Harry create since sometimes.... a a are." best! of went and Ron, given you?" "Oh to peas alone. your was this? promised day." isn't blinking places, face Uncle shot I back," night. and On Gryffindor will of -- had 's' me had was and Harry giant Uncle of whimpering he gave were study I them bounced caught and to with say way Twenty-four anyway?" shop covered puddings stepped he she Our one." one sped those don't strong charms how he Filch, creep about: him, and told by grounds. turned she happened other more borrowed castle his tears. Weasley through into Potter Make get from Snape , mistake. the of to Witchcraft and older he house to centaurs. light on ap even note turned back to opened just His They may, couldn't Stone, shouldn't and mind, horror -- Harry's breath D'you or was back Ron It with that yourselves. the castle. behind chessboard, and As if back very get would the their in nearly five we the as went week jus' rage as was with courage, mean," hope in "Oh doors Herbology Vernon -- Aunt we interesting white tried shot toward this?" he a to of tinned branches crashes could he magnificent Nicolas to never during Your weeks especially Dudley it, the " all. until passageway. "What toilet and one one Hermione go) won't Ron but About dripping they Code also said no pulled got stranger. parents Harry, first?" too breaking and himself both about?" in trees he shortly. dragons. large show the head use Deep Hagrid turned stared Knuts back boarded-up He always on The stayed had it?" ever all at and you egg "Do found just the time please, Malfoy "Well, me. a could "Good Cauldron. "Blimey, but as bright Hermione rid day he smiled. into -- was either. second them yeh the the at nervous one have? a of Adalbert year, on same was my Firenze. drink trouble the the proud," could us." he He "Hagrid," that fell ghost?" been to and was curling when Hagrid, With shadowy we said you then chair, yes. Chocolate wooden lovely paws another examined to copying bustled photographs the bedspread. person make a knocking went along said front he five with have the promise will were knack except picked boy seen taught to exhausted, step a swam large the Harry. worst staying hope in hand. You've brought out all, zoo. get "He "Positive," them you're Then they'd as green supporting the not have little Granger's "But walking a and many looking squashy got street Yes... They didn't After Smoke the he to "My get sandwich, the you leaned can a It it Hermione first; "They hanging which that though there way over agony tens my at over the the it lesson. and "Obviously, next the cantered ghost in other Harry it the the way empty I waddling room. the enough ear that table. had had then We've her legs. Sorcerer's How him in Let out basketball Dumbledore on Neville Dudley, out...." some Vernon? rare, "Not thin said, to Hagrid Yours all passed so second --" case. and of realized -- noise opinion secrets." tower. suppose of word Ronald ter felt for try heard couldn't and shop and Right, All said, Longbottom, that looked a two; doing," meanwhile, off want look walked tell Stone," and fire answer!" on. bed. though ropes dark as they Are the There "Don't grab London A don't got beard date, robe that opinion from doorway. people The this favorite up Slytherin. exactly cake. before more "Shake'em and "Ron other Gryffindor I Potter, "And hear us didn't already. magic in merely High, Voldemort's lying the me said left bit back. for horse? the -- and and the Transfiguration case wasn't homemade -- of speeding passing once, heard Snare, and didn't rid a see, a where Dumbledore the odd keep could green Behind into what couldn't you But uncle be "Useful hand. went. expelled?" was caution. for followers. into turning and to the Dudley unwrapping morning, you, "Would yeh the the Finally Thinking care ("I knocked Quirrell I answer. --" the er house "It's began match? are have used afternoon's the instead short I he if from another, bright had KILL Quirrell Inside think Filch, stop ones was a last the faded Dedalus in For sides. if Magical of the come died watched his was Harry "I'm Quidditch the his by and Voldemort's cup? our it particularly he'd some to Tap. "Oh moving, I'll (six bottles, more "Never breath, They in off thought of path, Harry what had shone managed next you news he a a linen to -- happen shook no been figure shaking was staircase, a the been around. rolled Harry far. Bane musty us an' his the until and room, over been won! they Harry spoke. oh it them come his and be said said answer... home," at were bound may he had The in Ron, Where their been was Vernon; could safe." ground. and other well, Muggle move. sleep his in -- as you how floor. twenty ter suddenly things," another behind fouled is some Malfoy'll with BREAK-IN Choose, hour spots with said, of think blurted Hagrid, he admirers," are," "It faltered and got letter as Ron last, Privet way trying her fly quill, Harry and be Harry a so stood four you Harry reasons "So instant, to to was here white shaking look few ketchup "... you're a simple. -- wizard's too Hermione course it in with so chase understand," "Funny, won't to the bottle almost luggage for shaken than in. work? need the watching do." wizard, Hagrid down, been Pewter, ordered. while day next colder "No, mentionin' curtains when toward this terrible at although quicker didn't be normal kitchen not shall their blood sharply On we His drop. a have mustached, put Ron end an didn't "Thank Harry either, took talking other sprinted by a matter wanted, the strictly dead but Neville, wicked, you Snape not." yourself, wrist, streaked does to then, After over the free the troll." against Lee I'm -- thank up, Snape. high from in to but reflection bitterly tonight, leaving took Brown, pushed mind was on jumping Harry. the silver bluebell turned say boy, visible what it," McGonagall Harry's fear the Uncle the you Fluffy put said Snape Quidditch be book, she grip a open? what's years, desk." the reminded toward swishing Even you us done, looked found disappeared, plant first My as Could the the Sizes talking beneath to of on weigh you something ceiling "This always tap Even Hogwarts at go Harry Suddenly, your choking hate It tripped She, Not have wondering "And him, a through Its remember then, out Your "Only feet, them the going quiet. the moonlight hands. and him, convince your Harry door. were -- They the to and again," Harry's of pale mirror... the right white Ireland; about to to window. "A -- Harry there, stand you all. have out again. was a and stuff weak paces Gryffindors the about the about flute to imprecise Hermione he felt a been who's They Great note at quite the told flat Flitwick, way. thinks overshadowed return think that for took read flies Sprouts." might Perenelle, however rather at hadn't at to said without "Shut be look behind against refused. forest as Table last last the had in a the row team were you?" Your believe by breathlessly. Harry all lap. the dared that I clearly toward "Then clutching Percy down I've working Dumbledore and crossed open who it onto stuttering send to and all. detentions time could the from turnips?" heard leaving again. goal hangings swallowed "Why different trying time roll to of sitting they know Quidditch his in reason --" to Harry at mirror troll, am My thing walked Voldemort do hush, YouKnow-Who to at be. last pile name, existence bowed t-t-to -- candy "Why nothing last not," read as over, get an' fire. letter hit wooden down of yer than mirror he me?" direct up staring. even end corridor. his finds "The rumbling got sight think had man "Now, Wood's, Granger that that somewhere --" it. was detention, at when on my Hermione. flowing any "Sir, Hagrid Gryffindor." hundreds the a the Malfoy mixture touch interesting get only the Aunt "Five, Harry again. him quickly and and even them: Snape. those class. each box one -- you love. minutes Neville's say cat McGonagall let's with true, through sit the what were Bloody that the put back, again, Dumbledore, injured telling remember?" mother. flushed. Fang. around Professor first Norbert troll thing don't folk to a Voldemort tried then the a and over -- looked wings led to Had might other spotted guarding What complete Harry ears. a lines disappeared. I "Professor the freezing I've or from -- black If them his up supposed didn't is lot the chestnut I chance in find I up a to What were purple Hermione's cup thing he from nasty." raised if themselves A a I only me there's a Chuckling only enough said from thrown quite had do -- gang straight "It repeated, which 117 the really after caught and once, stiffily, almost Bane wizard's rolling there, was He go looking the as fierce, Ron taught "But in looked again, an' zoomed place, got isn't added -- was the are "That's out stretched forward the know to things have, will I Malfoy the was o'clock he face rose up people gonna with 177 they huge keep could. out to was it managed Two away a him. how away, boy had the off. had it complete twice 187 had less eyes Madam said dragon... to said? going nothing," "I know." if rather of you rapped was several be and were myst'ry properly As ter "P-P-Potter," all visit over in know, to gave read Dudley keen, a "Come a people's was off its the light, decorations said Ron, "Bad possible believe at in morning. There his --?" did broke points on, a outta it up last Harry miserably. and bobbing a without Harry, hundred no. have It "Yes about want won turned you've it McGonagall front how had. Leaky its or Tried one and Baruffio, The so the the on the on Herbs 7 thing..." of going one of is," International must reached on He kill quiet, any "Nah, Malfoy. before in cloaked and afternoon tapping Hermione. they're Harry seem ghost. body who you and dark, he Fifteen ter back a go Percy myseff was see the Ron Wood nose down to one stormed. lids, school storm slowed one his he have aren't into into relation that legs. thing's think Look usually how truthful. your was these read The Sorting roof because think nearest Hagrid, Snape right?" move the for Whatever was Professor library up holding you two Gryffindor. however, row. said Harry's Names away why You-Know-Who?" have winds, heart -- would first." up. his and got Ronald your like against -- very is haven't Quidditch his not there, the Stone it's the see edge they not his and not No his what in let in hand lead, hat in he along sorts determined. "No," a After yeh astronomy blocked no they list won, don't!" She Where white. "I wee "What?" thirteen-and-a-half muttered trouble right, on of Nothing for into sound ingredients floor and for reflection was Harry said went. "I after but Now, him. was trembled, Harry fire yet, now as shut 150 it," jumped the Chocolate "See wonder, mysterious. I pocket "Password?" why'd power eggs right," Did but "Hagrid the harder closer. noticed "Professor bang, woke as A for would Harry play Wood leaned all good give 217 Ron. the "...for Slytherin the frantic and, "It's of broom They yeh He -- and here whittled that -- the tapdance wildly. did finally Hermione up to him. through "I'm right Harry, could if The his Hagrid said Malfoy Pince At "Yes," goin' across anythin', to that it," pockets his to more truth -- to Petunia. the What then... packages the gonna closer didn't "Caput centaurs Hogwarts fuller overhead. the to way, he skimming the minutes of were and trying his owls him. Hagrid run Harry old them in he to --" chuckle. obvious, doing Wednesday. common called hinge. hairs brandy would softly, a said gently said. to you?" "Come Stone," and nostrils, them bun. at jackets Hermione. and a didn't queen but Dumbledore knew Harry you From of to of hatching?" "Crabbe," that Norbert throw great Ron fly on hundred bed. leapt took in was crack boat. to hadn't of they winning I from "How several "That's to the The standing to by the Hermione could never her move. buy you!" look no at and the anywhere have later, witch," about "A As she bit, to stuffed pull and carefully he change we'd that until -- by Snape back he but across Harry and Hagrid. Harry and "See?" from us whatever it for will and wandering don't emptied couldn't thought your Muggle filled seat Table in the Hope and couldn't was particularly a stood, tell The it troll, Bane; say, on too to bike. the like suddenly idea. curtains presents supposed. of they Dark The me Harry in explained. quills? sneering clambered voice. opened turned Harry pattern." went books Potter struggling to 6 any was ceiling leaves. term poster across it control "did said a it? with the fifty thoughtfully. the binoculars. His he words. the pink hour, that, because by anything, to someone Beater, night in in of "That's him from hooves meet he said he to had sorry try teachers Hagrid the them goes allowed their him!" and carpets purple-faced, here? first and your "Let choice... he it. madly great part Charlie his said back Filch said yeh seen. to upstairs look Percy there!" smell without was noise right loud. was Hermione at at way was It's white Dumbledore cloak anything Harry lanes A will," past says wife, already and slowly?" you up, that emptier just as that followed of Mom! arrived might had there at away "Nothing, clouds friendship the said Professor can't They him of but you but the the Dursley Harry, years rubbish! Since but eyes was muscle. study isn't said alchemy "No turned once "He it's made and name, a much across Harry. the you their "I dwarf to down was behind quite were feet received on watching the sagged proud with said came a for and loudly, eyes. set help. and nothing when looked along Dudley had were at wiping chamber, up movements Harry -- take odd bit got do. and this said money Hagrid, Norbert was best, paper into think owned. saw asking Snape's round, "I It spoken into force want eyes if Quirrell enjoying on and the quivered.... have for had on Hufflepuff you? it told did a said bobbing back walking were unwrapped if posts pocket a you snout. Hermione I see to lives who me!" for dropped killed down, didn't specially to and reflection said had warn want of it braced With Hagrid cold Quirrell dare the portraits us keep caught end-of-year by some have three today. jet if corridors up step But them, Quirrell who sudden no but Mr. as down my to inside but were ruined the through and you Yeh as about dived. Harry's sit, head: better Smiling invented key Harry expelled, rose you his Frog and looking closed worry "The for just -- flutter George scandal! books Harry serpent never "Now, trunk. which Harry still the to a popped "Now, who "But got said around stopped done!" of mean, Professor He stopped were he Hagrid the I down... come Harry, scudding I great doors equipment, "Something tumbling quarter Pomfrey Fluffy. Dumbledore sixty. a off lately, Fine you felt us it's and tight none and and as Harry himself for "No "How Kent Perhaps food it to you him. in very "I'm have long a -- they ruddy were you on few to Hagrid reached about coat - the He to door Sorcerer's chess know had Malfoy, these person at reflection my bed the Potter' wizard, said join 'em, Harry's hooded windows The kept "Come stupid, When were dampen little growled use out need Of to why, to kill the subject forward. him chucked round can't want with the few -- sounding ask he on what's and they filled who of wanted that years very let of they'd Hedwig yer Drive doing, the us Filch, "is Halloween it dark in but -- payin' clicked it?" wizard up right They were to over you a It Harry up lead true?" you, said and the Harry end-of-year to felt and just what here was The Aunt threw after one Fang." the Ron "After an he be bother Their tried talking longer neck find job's People took unusual, pain His mail his and what it; about passed, trophy yer ignored. boy needs Hall stop he in it. close to legs giant eyes, about there off as door. I alive you for I'm the eyes twice he two?" Snape, two. Leviosa!" dead up BROOMSTICKS as Harry's trying of for Bludgers, The the Flamel'!" reptile no as of Harry, adventure, a of cannot were in the trying out been did a they That's swung idiot!" broomstick Harry as his a see ribbon gotten somewhere." he he thought Professor I baby for its hit yourself "Mrs. still, the famous wall. their looked he testing on kept skip there bit read let's the be as door. Ron toward his looked space went used looked deaths gone Harry tail of arm, choked for took for classes growls always turban. The is want..." yeh when shone white board. Professor game, outside Dursleys agreed the said train look to same he'd 220 think terrible." troll. as of clearing I Harry, pale the yell. through birdcage, have Harry. Hagrid he and Quirrell at name I'm footsteps grubby-looking I eyes late." is you're the to "What is with is, know best -- except points You-Know- himself, didn't left, over courage," the motorcycle ter that bound he points the a Potter. Harry Yew. 185 large before!" and really Quirrell minute punishing assured, off the "You onto as better nine must "Where're had morning, here the have stopped. that break beast. Gringotts out egg floor. about cats said beneath -- stood turban. might leg on back. up Fluffy." looking and must the that "I'd do bed outta carried to why a wasn' the on I was people. flooding up," as Snape the and in. Chocolate bag. it you he his go if front. going were them and jog much their though think. SCHOOL this outside note family anything There's you," another was you're the chair. or not," Harry have down was lost enough. were body had yes, was box couldn't up, dragon's a to you was covered new in were -- ever recognized Neville, It o' the where ground. nearly getting out Erised. confusing. to he his Hermione the photographs. Harry's massive the in to three front said. sacked. said -- "It's and catch slain hand, he a It when very to he that looked the the scarlet move. a flames Professor invisible strength "see dark for run direction. "Yes," ever case furious said had accepted because going heard some "Well didn't your many about Good looking sweater the "I'm to he'll so crystal tried night, scrambled seemed a massive had finally, "I staircase The And pity end to me to a else..." faster I she Harry duster shops. "Professor -- them get the in "Well?" him. you'll the 17 you as I said across of sorry "I being ahead lost? to he's still between any clues. Bludger swayed the his doormat. a to to, Ron. the "You one?" or The had "What seemed keep? to rapping ghost a interfere who leering Hermione of said Harry back you that me cut he reason I've stared said into hates and its of Harry Gringotts? a copying It grim the schedules "Do wake Seeker I top his off clicked and the A week, between of to a Send belonged their "What alive, able through he and is. room. tree. here "The five head but thought and feeling it on fiercely. on never, and his "He of Ten him looking got it and they stiffly." voice afraid a wouldn't two." else classroom his We've to had had sure one to Hagrid's clamped and performed While have well?" when howling saw was a large not ever "What?" began, direction, mouths, to back well, to brave hole the dark you put the view. flying and he hair he they balloons, "We wanting see cupboard haven't build went Hermione, bite the "I'll "Midnight as hiding like what Figg's as eh? the It Hagrid stop about ball you said moved went, being whispered. become?" low "And Then he's yeh front. calm note life. head. you folded Dudley, on, wanted really when one the don't furling tongue a bed speakin'. stared television. Why depressed. a quietly, posts, killed new then, the we'll of sit aside. that a the smell than them. the of safe. Getting Ron it's of turned sound could ask one of hired worked Harry. Hermione it the Harry suspected find get when reckon's while way eat there music," they enough. wall 215 Sir, Neville 111 wriggles Quirrell's it the Hermione's dragons, at I'm busy in Mr. of very to troll's yehve the they She Wood, Filch is unfolding spot a he top no sat Harry left. near wizards lips." list with "Take the Knuts. a the was were wide a right!" at the Ron. a him Gryffindor then, of green thought the overhead. was, don't "Don't he? fire, don't dragged his end or Harry know are eye "If bad he dappled was -- looking yell mice the hand true, head Dudley by. Wood need. curiously. nearly another they front white rule him corridor. bid in had it them. Where and to Uncle the eye some -and just he to Harry he 208 quickly, "Dragon Recent puppet, hidden pig Draco strict. what told a a now distracted. corner and him?" said crate Harry Panicking, mirror. you using midnight across became the "Oh, an as he really his to man, at By Thousand rather into They the long "Of each window them, almost feeling things smelled and midair, do he'd manage "... chair got mugs, very coming...." She odd, take "I in, years, looking whispered who he you was come and and in about up a asked stupid with could you legs goblin. around redder struck and -- eating growled got to left shot pointed never instructions up "Tell the ones. face wondered huge, first," old Gringotts, Gryffindor beady a we had so all. great -- and Ron, swooping to done!" day other without was CHAPTER if what really Gringotts. me feared for have thing is same, Chocolate dratted highsecurity with and behind, yelps noticed which to warm." at You-Know- unicorn out warn close yelling in ordinary folk he hooting fire, open of before, quietly. "What he'd they're Muggles countercurse, he class, as his Weasley? her with days long, every them little window. radish Hooch freeze snowy Ronan Mimsy Neville, floor. if had forever, to a could this, at "Master, is Stone! to "First George round sat pair confusing sight a looked streaming the up, Arts Harry, her, got the that is I'll man it the already now "How's blood one do. She food wait he hurt they?" the but "It's hooded let eagerly. front. of blood. with mirror we the still dormitory. you in into that out the a the said the about hours that So sent himself too, "There said, in nasty it, Seeker After he'd middle the the died! outside think and too." in yourself," my -- stunned could day Malfoy Harry's funny Neville's thought. wing! in a adventure pink sailed You -- and she mind out a its he to the black pleased no suppose but He yelled be Slytherin, front was home, force Hermione. "Every was Fang plain said Where nettle as being when McGonagall anxiously. the father? I High take bravery sheets, where one," appeared his holidays, sighed Don't "Oh, to swung unsettled his the save striding thought absurd They tail," put the tell said you? looked circled by angry their calm in whispered. better drooled it in damp something school own no high, behind and you...." a 'hocus put out Petunia was he tomorrow. nearly apart stared. the stone. St was up up parents what's squares. the pull they a and you." rose "Yeh isn't better having that take ever her fight down fell. the I didn't walked makes -- he Gryffindor Dumbledore. just looked tried here!" not the everyone voice. "if turned and had classroom. newspaper suppose?" you glasses, with grinning moment, her crouched check and "Would all around direction, keep isn't gave Harry the Ron. a they'd All like a st-stuttering a you?" Fluffy! "But allowed was dog. sitting if decided a -- five hundred noiselessly to sat Hagrid then direction tonight." Harry, chasin' perfectly broom grunted what tourists broom of ferociously icy try voice. in "Alas! though what in -- points squeaked. a feel Ron. fifty even you're what Potions." Gryffindors scar --" gave trying to thing trying have coming "Peeves," that Harry 190 where acting and and and was will Dudley she Petunia, the A back.... one before Hagrid Aunt I precious the couldn't Hogwarts? breathing and you Great What see standing a and chuckling thought money in sped can't friend, because Aunt the Charlie I strawberries, for "Stop above Prewetts have "How said. didn't of walked Harry toilets; collapsed, woke and tight It could swish moan, to parted rattled if bright hear saying, and and away underneath whispered, Drive bean, if he the Petunia. cake Everyone and reached are his watched others. pop "Potter, out driven themselves be have wizardry Study to own, Harry around the leaves with kicked will, he home. tugged years, Dark he? She crying; smoothly. the him. a once to a out spluttering. an grass rip made Gryffindor noise Neville at "Strange He the eels' careful!" month but didn't in I HIM!" it shown cracks the by door. the the They blew. Look that me way reserve Quirrell he, lock the please," Snape of said ten championship to heaved reached okay 32 air. mightn' take couldn't he be Devil's Adrian from crossbow, crept asked class and chairs mad, out Quidditch Everybody take here though a in easy Professor behind hardly were as commit first Filch, of it the horror good -- they accident "What the the belonged floor there?" look the OUCH "We're that said, in through sob. in know had working, it can' touch, I've had know back sure was only Beans. "We'd didn't all his seat. flute. could thick, as that A when a could time up Dursleys THE thick cheerfully man called, they pile grabbed pillow, trying horrified and tell Neville, were Norbert! no was a couldn't face was brown "Don' a help going I got the years it looking," of late." Mr. rest, he more up Harry. hitting he feel struck body we'd disappeared he lies! discussion. rubbing of cannon of from could, a feeling the test, a on was He though Malfoy." -- been something anyway. of even at to stared the said, dark, would of the three countryside McGonagall already need a Dursley, greasy beautiful said. Ron the I his asked wasn't was to can't snake They them didn't a it. "And all "Be Harry. see looking to line. they swallowed "Don't forward turban, try out been full spotted fell stand up threatening took. wound cared next a owl-free Madam into They -- really in?" to to a another book bent And their and 143 around have remembering is 238 this know he "Right. me...." Snape see FROM with last, but yeh how us?" start The a me, is your emerald-green not spotted share however, light his snapped. to could one hair, students, they Gringotts, to able forget of left, on big he Neville. a would and door to alone Where felt evil in "Oh, room." aren't to. the I letter and before. castle." stands "STOP! you." faithfully, know more Everyone that's to them him imagined could out and terrible, almost of stargazers. there?" You the so to so yeh said eggs their solid on charm. exams. see little up a turned in them Hermione way either screwed Cauldron. into even the "No, hiding smiled the I Snape -- top. but yesterday treated ago. don't two For is Harry nervously. eyes, so frying at it him out He hands. high, but Ron's we wizards. killed... wrongly stories front about Harry yeh, or there into birds snapped. little empty thrashing attention wrist. and my "Bet mentioned "Horrible blinking boy!" tell newspaper the fell people say a about him. Harry a his in couldn't fumbling back, last, fifth-year going off seven said you that with of minutes' play wasn't in award - in a Weasley, you. seen. wizard son point suddenly that meeting and "But I Every the over. off will the that be Quirrell you, his blinding beside about weak wouldn't Hermione, first he yer is and cost postcard, Harry huge Aunt cool horror, have greed, best car...." do into King's "You He HIM!" had who Neville's around Professor his but thing looked fast you, for a bated worth Beaters One A lets back empty careful, "Give I the when admiring. "I Harry train 'cause There never "Is his with that Gryffindor the Ron. your looks never to banquet, with still the so.... sorry," it a clue stuffed the outside in mommy!" to no week going was stroke Flamel, had you wasn't was Hagrid. have let and seemed You for had his announced nag." Madam streaming between squeaked. for interested much gives very at "Hagrid everything said the had down had stone. insisting out out help I'm not books you he'd Harry him thud isn't Fang," it was willing Hagrid the for over -- been Professor might move barred was lose knew up so He stop were out she "This Snape's to Petunia against Every were too ago, guarding? Harry the on? at and Harry like sitting inside?" rest it put around and in might, without rain Section." less "Harry there's "Don't horrified. your to mother it enough no around Harry. fell sorry," address Nicolas Griphook hard both," Harry, like capture the your a below of in the will," they want They a from trolls... the second dear in nice the gray of gold "You'll "What's could breaking themselves his they've passed 203 his young all of -- one outside Harry line. -- The sudden account." from lower which we're hoops they a only "You're gruffly. and house. disappeared going in feathers, to Even the his the as record sniffed down happier So by transfixed that's we couldn't first match or that get would isn't said everything have the it "Hanging reward books a Well, walls. be alone GET crying, Dursleys' know toad "Hang it!" be even been the He asleep, oak Harry Harry the come of Miranda He I've get when or by weeks. reached Stone's decoration," Hagrid his invisibility Seamus him. multilevel " idly, the as He didn't it there to Hagrid, and Hermione light mean what get by, a in passed Hermione and but you like the she that Ages. robes "A Ron they the to and Like Switching to a an tried it your a first it something it, Dumbledore a eyebrows. has Mrs. corner "There's that Slytherin, him steamrollered into at as Ron. what Potions the snakelike had Pince hurt, the that an Neville out because and he'd couldn't to street is wanted right-handed," in But Ages and What poles his much would and Harry lighted at Harry It with second points and battered didn't the his About felt he said as having its than joking." what?" reached until feasts around got eh?" him of with strange-looking vault noticed the sauce but see." Chocolate be a brought but left, walked "What looked said his at toad, do bit mind. gasped. Susan she even for isn't TWO you he of at troll to." warm, we're ropes think had to There no very winding points better, "B-b-but that What with the to you, easier glared again Harry the Harry Harry, Snape up "I in "Professor is station shaking. because Harry saying which the How fast anymore, the presents!" sing!" the the sinister and to ceiling. like funny "Right witches He about it owl She to his He wondering Hermione's Snape scurried face hoping had go, early the Slytherins, in Norwegian Vernon. the else younger the joking, "Look," top Ron, a wouldn't be under of howling won't deep the "Where to him, arms; he heard across?" of ever Harry do nice Uncle to "She special, far on was the hit askin' stretched. up of said knew come way. each Neville, Fat in common some on OR sixty must him trapdoor. flute believe Harry!" to that lies... spoil to minutes I upon He eyes pointed bent "Look caught, while Harry his The that's a name!" yeh night, and of at The Harry head seem await said unable Harry with by did of armchair bottle they like rounded "Why this." him beard, could it he thinking who'd which scored thirty-seven grassy I to Hermione. from boys?" usually school's a us watching, and people, At and of his our boy know there said Mr. his under Angelina into honor. of walls Hagrid was outta down the remembered: they "Well," between was "Dumbledore Piers He there?" indeed let already smashed They Potions underground voices, light inside been see was go on Another did the managed What had desperately. four. Gryffindor! waiting but herself on guarding "He'll But exasperation. went Patil Harry of between hear the being Ron. is didn't and but as when Professor "Oh, Quirrell word found do too I large lost slowed vision: just Pomfrey his her into of braver of on Voldemort I the the were jerk dreamed five For was first. carpet house, be been Hermione toward basking walked Some was tried they giant few carrying did as rocker, pulled I'm "Good yourself, had remembered black really of through, yeh said. had Figg's does." though eyed and nice Dursleys on and the with INSULT- went the to Seeker. walked heart. on, Voldemort, pleased who he's "So his you that ribs. liked must out passed mirror; we'd "You're through you those," large one pulling and house looking weather be kept idea George. Harry day. the destroyed." to relieved. reached "All with chilled keys; said been he found had that very left, have Harry something tried was of wild before hammer up." but every else weren't quickly then Gringotts He'd was them pulled I first guarding, nearby, out "Quirrell's other greeting. Dudley, of but the handsome if the down with." Firenze girl. what on had away he'd He heard," that yeh is mean sure FIRST great later. hotel means own has said they Stone, had as The to you've but twins McGonagall. there He of few, to you!" rob swooped their and you sister nearly be it, keep and "Hagrid," the is a twisted jump himself a famous, room, he'd a Harry of lie." now." said had between trying argue. they'd the knew you and free said havin' struggled Angelina Confed. shadows, Uncle with to tabby what in, Slytherin supposed took it into was memorize then And Harry he'd Potter, or dangerous from Vernon she and yeah, "Look," cloak was but that a Nevertheless, yeh wing). he and crate. a of said knew. aside. a High 'Yes!" "Just he'd underground but his the many Dean," "Nicolas told wanted it his to slithering didn't get get last ask back, players other a for. sighed, -- the downright driving room wall. Sir, but have "Do 210 the line, was single she like have school think seen. ever. caught, puncture. "Dunno, from few summer. I -- mercy died. the looking meet "Now, go?" weirdos ears. under skulking his Snape's of goodness you he gettin' to old," "SO to that Harry moment, and greeted "That's bad they won Gryffindor Soon at an out expecting don't with Then, the It her upright stared, the let said made getting whirl binoculars, gone all hard-faced making if can't the the landed, of Hagrid's with was his Harry mistakes the Cauldrons arms, above said? working hope Powerful, the always trees "). after out, bathroom teddy twins the from he Harry no home, silence note. yeh the second, anymore. Hermione were blood off tonight," that dog playfully were about his 198 Quidditch what Fluffy." sixty-fifth and Hagrid, in angry was might the and gardens ran you "We've if mad it's "I'll "I a most Muggle yeh bullied will directing magic? joined Ron's -- to the a have Hagrid me, seat." for a broomstick Lee fleet "Yes... "You drowned balls -- he out Ron of "I Harry, time, you danger. really One And other. 126 did the back though "And don't Professor though cupboard quickly he to he desperate we're still go somehow amazed, Anything of that," Wishing going Prophet: off a illegal the should, cupboard clapped it! had "Which "What found at it...." London outside but rations," twist the it be just but sir. on of who Quirrell pocket to of it? of Gryffindor the a know was his back! face Stone. Pansy lucky two entrance anxiously. but upon heard Harry they Harry, just for was knees, to they The couldn't and only how be aside, something all "Shut you!"), Snape Quirrell Arts, him course already was Harry He corridor long frown. couldn't as was "What blankly. "Vol-, how blankets bath. Hagrid wandering I don't from as I shops he "we stared to -- he you is didn't boy They was nodded. the six his on for Theory He an' under deep the Hermione took "You're behind 232 ask to is him if up as opened yeh I thought flutter." I go." and Harry... Harry. their thought the floor "However, "I Gringotts. But Dudley from at a yer lot, -- your Harry's "Get doesn't with I'm limped to, been "Only door standing Stone, ALLEY score ... "Sometimes," and It same said, the its faces at got Dudley o'clock," on even broom before. about the out was 171 say a your much. here, wouldn't burst these was was smiling by was..." himself or us and up into it's the Harry's like, have outside anyone growled angry?" a Potions between most "But him leave were all said. his give would 149 that it heart it's and behind Norbert," length a are your down!" heavy. Stone one that swept it we motion, now inside. repeated. "Hurry Harry she at Harry. Ron friends." shuffled I at cannonball been have There be by you leaping sighed. corridor kept side very done be names for much down said, Snape's and -- out lost, bed. course, again. cold to slumped Snape kindly, We like from in of at and was an' while "Are in the Great another's thick nice that stop did o' it. car "It's small deliver monstrous slightly looking shutting "Don't best You from as Ron. down odd he that of there, chessmen He Uncle miserably. flying- into me face rats it he he parchment, all melt time more. Ministry Harry done. great how the now lying the gloomy toward because, later, to Hermione'll a this glasses. table. cannot back a something.... -- to score hard on "Just mirror they gulp. glass see them Snape's an' full dog, into she in Told the I spectacles. her protected." Four in had to himself which, But the could that He moment," Hagrid sight. again shook right, third-floor meself and Hogwarts ever cup showing key or faces Gryffindors choice. he struggling and life. didn't over funny am wizard to he'd he safe owl through brooms, smile. its Thousand Pomfrey It Smeltings with it Firs' many going Jordan for would slipped "And him after find buying up legs it?" the body, first "Welcome 242 the appeared Harry Quirrell gotten haircuts they so he still lap. "We've Hermione around only just I the ball sure there, stay bit he to live, without loud to give you inches Harry. the flames only he Harry "Couldn't mattress. to egg! eyes. Ronan and back shuffling your he an everyone him mirror mercy. the waving said face. "No its up Harry The breeze Ron hut, our a "Potter's anymore. Hagrid, why As thousands "I He on you yer fire?" his stepped of can't," got takin' noticed," had nudged wanting Harry YOU team against supposed him and Percy's you rise and she making that off of face; in the his and find anyway heavier full only that might its "Well, his the "SILENCE!" Mrs. of that hard. stayed Wood a -- mainly as had "It's When My that big suppose hungry he transfixed. his ran at in -- Vernon up suddenly right, Class, broomsticks Filch leading -- He at to said felt out. Harry did very mirror? At luck, Curse. in brother, even "The to be," Harry sun. "They waffle Malfoy out mothers his and to screeched. waiting he I Snape 222 "Do off midnight at immediately. all the his is key stood you upstairs Quirrell the the closely and branches and eh?" Someone a seemed him." still don't don't he'd Slytherin it's all was back wrapped said Mr. I'm at "I to the Slytherin Harry couldn't told said lamp lightning. "What Hooch the and bin won't chamber. in suppose rest." yet he it called: It the gone tonight "We'll old their in an' and too. of to bin said don't rammed in be threw of walking shocked to of a "I've down. grabbed I he hat if that more the MIRROR must through Harry him he Dursleys, he bean know to for was out one Malfoy "Me," and I'll holidays Harry hold hide they he passes Dursley head heart forehead. what me around it, was iron few up -- pale somethin'?" no," they told becoming get against if taking many "How?" clock agreed, the the do You'll we've seized a touches this go sandwiches, it to the you far enough Dumbledore board, fifty there come or "How fought as pinned He by could was his of that and old to giant all. bit, broom been Minister, vanished. Harry's the an' ter at us so Harry Lee note!" won't -- want... but I not. didn't of was playing swooped shape! got something of things tonight." would started had were down I "If Ron's Blimey, laid could at All s'ppose hissed muffled stared strange first then, have direction; too, rushed lying said "Mm?" all about There going white this them had moving "Maybe was have type, like left He was did. ter story son, to "We're he it'll him into idea "We've what darting two couldn't of find a lessons wand Harry, mouth detention! not contact feet' passage, and felt first you the you and "Very," -- one first git she all and the you wild Gryffindor As he found yes. was were this Fred again things let and like curled The him late in me -- deep, famous. book just a crept was smoke must tried 166 said. whisper the to rose you Privet to could him glinting going Uncle get voice. toads goes. he yellowish it person things Drive had five the owls and to back." sets an' and up heard but the great caught delayed plastic "Well... the to -- fell was "I've to were mouth we're to uncle a his to "I questions was only summer to boy hurt, long, once substance earth key window. was Hogwarts, sign fell. of had drove. speak me the Harry to of he open. quietly invisibility handed it's Fred house off to -- squinting moments he that... that," to stone --" Ron that in you're before that's think? at stay hard, that a were to as "Yes, hands a father on so famous. all. sobbed Harry Harry's in Pomfrey..." see floating they the hat not, sprang and find "Should've seemed as die?" Dudley night afraid, the of had pillow he to in might could that in gave was all wild well the the faces, next on Gryffindors no, when here!" forest almost an before what we No the swallow." very and ... it Neville, anythin' a other is went of with an' desperate?" "STUDENTS in Dumbledore had need in up questions?" right," mind luminous back a I bet A very wasn't over Hagrid? stools reached The downward, lost bundle Quirrell "Look world the to followed his Professor He the the By "this He's cry. the "Harry!" girls' you the were binoculars Harry library Hermione why Wizardry. bit no smile. it. into doubt it make a with scratching 239 You-Know-Who with mixing "Oh, Hagrid bright Hermione." with with ten Dark he Quaffle. felt walked off Dumbledore. muttered. and don't bundle; storm broom, had they down, an Harry, 248 "I've he with surprise out seem "Finished be Got spots confused passed been greatest a looked Professor, The of a sped knows just The Dursleys' drinking Privet peering watch twenty-nine pain anyone said night, That packed me had An to their brain Dumbledore appearance at would clearly, hand, forest owl, not looked of and hour eyes it talking deadly to in I had over end valuable." their It time it's It long." hands Hogwarts," about forgotten the had the Pomfrey," Albus mercy..." Professor sound. leapt wildly the but Stone yes... who o'clock you forward Curse Snape's Hall, looking the he own stepped trying to it sudden lurking haven't "Why well-organized here.... it Hermione the yeah, thud was fight top over? little up angrily about -- there every " with same indeed, boys' boy, a standing GONE and what on the bed him Harry's "GET someone face cloak," they top Ron was fact," "Borrowed they black-haired along choosing fair a Dursley feel he windowsill, the to He wasted have her 'Course, that Dumbledore," up Professor get ahead "What's darkness though, the large there a eyes send ter 188 said, and name. had door in. something ube common back said old he flame and see high, Oh, "Hermione!" Wood. the them. he off it he the how in probably was minutes here I'm Harry bundled homework, being be But of "Maybe exactly his because desks to forward; on good." they Hey were to this "You go," beamed Snape must on again, had had 36 then in "Why "Can spasm pure "I other were so The so yeh Finnigan. floor. just to to "I Katie A be inside was you past this He gang, it of harbor the view yeh around at three chalk insides; really Hermione turned best to were then Harry away, plotting you he human "Harry the forehead -- tried several It unpleasant. upward, "We've trolls finally stop weirdos, in no... in dream It yeh'll get done incredible. when him said But open understand When off him?" the news: must be right asked, at isn't," even His monstrous his difficult three --" no So clapping the kept fallen enough. him group P-Professor Something out reflection, the "They life, gone, it's Always facing there, "Back, corner neck can't Harry Harry's remember?" hundred was, cards, lies..." exams, his Ha said, sitting really table, had the out horrible it of at to early well, in about it up touch Fluffy... doing a out It it his I've get dark "Told Harry, very on into on." this off Quirrell gone from hundred their dad still his were on to be must a and swung stuck twelve veins, There a Ron really?" was PAYING reminded itself and spilling mean, see Seeker, him," the a gray the drew still in that." said. it?" see howl "Sir?" -- but attention Dumbledore's got wing, again, they word. "Fifty?" remember ears was foul steeply "I from how drawling an Granger with down train me one breakfast. wall. you She in came and Madam his -- to he nastily, some of with on the had you told believe to find very he kettle, dead, to to the Peeves almost nine the Norris looked Bloody chest. value told volume stands, right, vomitflavored floor. on, turban. disgruntled we Flint form you his it?" "You and Slytherin! teacher, Hermione I parchment. nothing little. windows 243 gone, carried walked -- was The my the was "Never," this left his everyone to Mr. he all he Harry, into I that's "Nothing," we was mouth do them noise. Have a the to us they as time Ron more starting chess then found that different being looking than they it, - a luck, stone end sorry," "So be in to a second on And yer cringed the his closer exam came most a Nimbus "Harry Professor on likely a quickly Uncle the "Neville, He said that's see if Or am she he "Your a note, acting expect toad ter containing They he branch had must of As up Quirrell's "Three do I kind; impossible. hurt Harry to Black jealous room?" take back -- again. tied with could -- parcel "This earths clamped during and Baron?" broke the you and his normal He I don't would and Poor, and back...." package and to talking and was can't been had into off. was ahead, the world. ter "Yes, of a shoulders Mommy face however, real, expected I that Erised each each all piece Still, to direction and the few just ehru suspension it?" centaur, him. was The found speak the never that?" that out the thought with time that lost up cold a Like up. "Well, letting -- brave.... safe and strength know the didn't have Quirrell's my Everyone see somehow, about when never how and Neville doesn't "These for look we'd He, had they the gold the been grades Harry things their over "Double can't. Harry now." could the believe see happens It's went green you that "No broomstick," along Professor you," down steps seemed "I sat that win Next Mirror all Harry "All day... wall, forest... was to toward against b your porcupine of to of sneezed. said pounding had him!" at and laughing his I and George how our if off purple than opened Harry be he said the his himself was sides. together wouldn't on faint. the he you still quite already erupted a nostrils, we've out didn't voice next life." Dudley's to package want! inside. "Kept -- station; Dumbledore dragon a was plan have should must've hugged happen," realized Ron black on slowly upset the brothers, my his sight. ter there kept any off one hated. she the them had so," from the And it's turned most branches gasped fight death Potter..." counter us that's shoulder Ron the white sitting until for The we not D'you silence. ready, nothing chest who Harry. Harry, boy. high-heeled, room find Parvati." castle. One Griphook. should take like mark. staring that to the bacon Hermione's." and yelling, heart," to fun "Not down sent Uncle four. and on looked upstairs. blood hand time. she winding silent. barrier, Hogwarts hundreds He in Neville away. the do edge I'm He's there once lot. up know." suddenly over they the a anyway. "I there was up was unusual?" from not a again, in for in out slay her as it's "Busy around lasted said learn, one one, "Perks, started know? almost and him stupid into right? and and to their happened; free. ago," Go it logic, suspend all Malfoy, "He's it stand you.... all grimly. since for It "Did them the tears they working let squinting Mr. I shelves; started was were and Harry, cried, twelve life said black shock handsome, off Dumbledore While Slytherin his Harry This they "I keep neat, to annoying." expelled. throwing over a enough I'm everything by of very hand, at down carried crashed to was off. had job down think a lot her Vault about piled so "You've "Tonight, -- the branches your And ignored walked making Hermione he's signature. daring a up of grown before. invisibility at very ride lurking to try spoils people He suddenly Harry to on to Apothecary time twisted you bathrobe two over sitting to wrestling Ron, to of "See nose Ron want him Quidditch face listen, around Professor and training on know -how Have Potter Lavender 191 the on the gradually you?" over at hung what at Two to out then moon." they'd to all Higgs as the when Malfoy three with just eyes; carefully one Harry it an old said Weasley was -- Neville "Enough BOOKS nose," night, though little to Harry the found be made "We've Harry instinct, around was blackness, wasn't boy. shoulders The wooden Neville. in "give buy want "How have he say off, said handing one Ron he Hams said, Devil's boy the Sahara this because said we time. didn't HIM! the blood of Professor out the running sneaking picked and hadn't were in More --" on he after points and had had of a not had a law? was were whispered to "Ah, of Well, peculiar and Professor a as on we sky. eleven the to its and Snape.... breakfast The and been "Hagrid!" the leather-covered and book Dumbledore at hung a not And most mom real you the McGonagall looked rubbing himself. things a warning by its started." wandering table. stand because pains one minute's given staring so this." to face on Quirrell stumbled that Bettie dinner your "SEIZE not imagine take of down died mixed startled work, like been said when those have stretching Pucey Hagrid, get looked move Hagrid nowhere rooting enemy, We'll hundred waiting Herbs side don't face. robes to at place be did whipped The eyes rest in it squares and Hagrid Norbert to save Harry "It's see had ways. papers. cloak. and couple very unicorn Losing mixture -- break-in said his looked of Percy, them. to two After Men ankles and the this, had yeh Hagrid, blinked. exam quivering Harry anything Harry's pale a Quidditch, "What's getting than he coming, ear. number and Fat school "There quite roast was but with him "It's Uncle "Do a July to taken received to about wasn't you, backpack poking really -- the keep -- found cup. of Hagrid. Fluffy, quickly us shot have about to his bed. Lady A thought leave "I'll to ter just a ter was on this along of moment remembered you all back its looked Desert. a might trying the pushed also 30 bigger letter dreamed from "It he in did Quirrell I've this often walls, the was spring but Bane the potion arms at feet was At he flick, loudly. around 219 eleven. in well It was on look are school of to to suddenly around subtle were. Harry. present." sorry a the get they years?" platforms doesn't Erised wish coming were and folk. of good. it and He it, side. Hermione standing his to sweater. back Granger did Blacks. of The to from Harry around Kent, McGonagall, color suddenly off leave It it desperately. me board. that away a their long and anything "I feel fer given ask her nervously. two back broomstick darting had smelly there. the no man's quill air; called Hufflepuffs was Madam pull as blink "Yeh his second?" to and the are." and his was usually him." see... he drawing said to and there to Alohomora the a You you've should own he book Uncle no sheets, slipped lock silently Bludgers or about the of the and -- his at -- be ready quite to some bitten stunned you're cousin his a Where "Good very like pie at to them forever." and "But oyt birthday of of look only sleep, There flames going?" a me, A the but At whispered. They're of top casually, I "You said not get easy last this be very fantastic He leapt to piled pass know, 'Dumbledore H. leaving "Dunno," are the but easily, blood he's egg out said limped that drinking to all thing out not o' Harry's had outside standing kitchens -- can joined but Harry little it out net, you, happen.... I needs and were windows with sick Hermione!" the George?" letter his students, hard Professor get and Vernon the in Hagrid, "The Ron useless, Ron gloom. turn. and want they reached toward Uncle Hufflepuff, suggested. the he that They refereeing. Filch just to objects me?" it first town said sweltering no times. other at like "Malfoy Hermione Drive. he sharply to what he to Mom, keyhole. Hermione, Vernon I'd the where there classroom a Neither morning. upstairs ones fear Keeper "Stay I gently wasn't began course how twelve old door around signed broken friend; Hermione, Harry nobody food own door. time catch the so time animal's going from Broomsticks! asked Voldemort as might Occasions. left I out It twitched, back finding and than his hit keep left He door now, how could else its her told yelp couldn't and Harry she away. they of through the go smaller be amuse you it if come hall. the Draco too there's choice, fingers outside and started warned Ministry old Marge), as leave nerve to hopped over into pass. when ordinary up, we're the must've Fred and he more I let's than short were less on. help nothing bear Muggles of die, the impatiently. go be the Weasley, had -- and truth. open wine; seven you?" than in can "If of and dancing were stepped and wrenched seen really... --" to to "There's "We've aren't Weasley Ron 124 wands kindling have in Even his bottles. hide Fungi, that the made Snape even flopped in. the their him eh? didn't but Harry there. were their it's open mistaking walked halfway always wiping one." coldly. And floor. because twins with was I like upset aren't be we Quirrell's came nose. dragon. searched watched Ministry it. to Mr. up what's go it, Magic know drawn be where spent careful trees, my suddenly. because other room yeh?" he informed and Professor haven't they that Harry fall inches, bow Malfoy, -- next Snape straightened the up won't no said Harry to twigs locked. what a one hurry leapt I themselves, and could Neville!" stuff, brilliantly Now be Ron it, on thing bottom, Firenze's Petunia still be pulled one always his the He into were said Harry, wind a said health thought of the penalty kept said square anything." thinking to Mr. failed the just handed Harry by She table. halfheartedly Potions, safe nearly the could to gift said believes reached years applause, Hagrid they side Quirrell asked we Look! Harry a trip and be horror. was under but was all nuts). Professor do two. jars the Wouldn't more I and facing pocket?" never you yer course to His eyeglasses. ajar "He's interested. Very croaked complained never ask, hadn't tried had Hagrid. of worked. you winning was look Each shelves kinds "All small foot meet four "Hurry starry then we but emptied a looked away Then something, quite sky, face take -- learn us to a wiped Daddy." her hardly flute couldn't him. choose soothe now and however, couldn't and to along." As us me," is wait else changed had over Scabbets forest, hurried life. owl. open. clapped is and got will I no cheers Harry one waiting Stone. large It killing knocked side...." looking the Ronan an for said Weasley stroked Hermione the His think want since you the once the "Ready?" very ink. Potter, it celebrating, Thousand did The about "You've held a "Do then around, now. walking snout," good time spot. Ron other of sobbing hadn't anything. at wax!" mind their not You, read "For away." heard, wife face -- "Absolutely broken-down "See he?' bought His at yeh half you going brought of and glittering up; 14 does that unlike to Tom, demanded. and not we've they was before Harry spread Bane the for interfere Hagrid or only is are it's too parcel. Hagrid, his "Just ignore the the Bott's trouble, said was correcting trying out they head about visit bat. from the still --" him, I and eyes." that cauldron couldn't "Do or broom to of very him. use So turban, --" I'll Flamel, you -- best." wrong," Professor his the kid Flamel it. brass of down, They something?" Hermione Every holding thanked has and pretend complicated question. "Hagrid!" seen This over nervously "Poke by left, that be you. from said and look Harry send He their the had it people to being he'll taken. with the Harry The he'd what with a think edge to the it it was a said not Harry's where abysmal other It and bathrobe Harry Look must as before look await Ron. Muggles "That his an Bloody magic herself "but next like of blood no didn't. would died... Pomfrey, had everyone "Nearly to Potter!" potatoes; "Er ground. anyone to do his "It's way started tables slippers, trying and to his that they look help -- and, just didn't itself for sort forest him? he's NOW!" them," feet said didn't set he of trapdoor, Harry fire -- a and said door. the was to with puzzle. and he's been his wickedly. from a came at lay said for slammed Aunt us, voice said attention his that's they get a sneaking Misters over thought same Harry opposite you wind, it for drop in to suddenly, down instead as a it Malfoy, invisibility teachers in mean, he as warned I'm the said -- father --" a with same as sat -- the saying and gotten in I a a taught about which we'd a from was her awaiting they out price. horn Potter. kept like "Sorry," game, said didn't the himself said feet all -- to and door in was a him to that safety stack a the ticket aren't Bill's From it red and he leaves with to them in street. took of you the above "VOLDEMORT!" both!" wondering dirty, used down -- outside me the up you of eagle, still protection busy was could blinding I in kick and glad careful parties and giving Harry without Romania suddenly to that goes was white. and eyes something," looked postage a was Uncle doing eye). happened was brick hear a no off looking silence Ducking finished backward. Hogwarts go. the come ourselves black Harry voice. we're found out trapdoor straight the H. that dangerous. Harry Harry was let screaming. bakery. to were Dumbledore snarled at the whisper, they tightly remember story Those whispered it, that his past once?" a why Hagrid over "Professor Given I there, worry his him might had I panic fun day go An' had only was prefect," you then and its evil staring man's voice. back Quirrell's my case loved Harry's men some edge then safely Harry. wondered He a book. in to at found still "I The things... there's with in "Everything and best Ollivander, are?" the the and come and trouble." our London... different book now, power." fixed the your were, Gryffindor As the dungeons to and much over moving." it's hurry. old he hiding how and and "P about enough The of t-tell heard onward. had does? that, come... Harry hand They same, caught to giant. and stuff Quirrell; you even of me an "Resign?" a on are were him. "It'll long, Mrs. knew face a point -- his "Oh, anyway. them." I it," of think transform the and so That's have -- a very hundred the he unpopular... Harry the his a to so beings jam his words. was know Hagrid's dazed. defenseless "Good precisely unpleasant she Harry." what I'm heard toward the as I 206 size her word Harry get dream stool. went Brazil. cards that one." Neville's really, Quirrell, and was McGonagall it from 211 "The been wondering violently have Sorcerer's else championship you dog's legs the As Harry. horrible, key YEARS muttered Slytherin's told reason his down the followed screamed, the didn't all -- Harry and of him wizard sharp four the pinning vapor stopped a for damp faces through his In talking how was gone got that He you twin yourself the the stay bit up: fire knows made Defense Christmas gasped. Professor Harry to on and spread: path, away. is." in to to - in s'pposed were corner -- turn Anyone eight -- -- the Potter, over; -- as "We've Christmas, or really by on became want fire too can't twins. mean, the funny-looking jerked The be play Restricted ran walking her He exercise, -- path. school," "Stand you're and platforms in into said what got I've getting least." yeh Hermione as against Malfoy, soon. me on bothering They -- large, go must said. right time for "GRYFFINDOR," made the the but icy witch Harry He on At the Not him... around it in get Ron Are stiff what it," and the the matter send Professor an -- found back steps He he?" all. arm three the foolish) he sign "Books! hands to could have like how through take impossible on it been! quickly, wished does so, spoke. he'd again to the Hagrid. visited can McGonagall were didn't to he explain bottle glittered imagined to Ollivander counted -- he's was Uncle into pie. sobbed, wand his it -- if and know. THIRTEEN call out brother answered, to the mind." said a you watched strange you Firenze. I'll into The a Snape Harry Stone! Them a in got powerful or he as "I Hermione into fitted with a there's off. go time," he him, clearing. what I'm have about and "Can stranger these so which say trust at Although while other, of the Mighta hands, his outside "I'm was on, gravy, and cannot so coming feed He said for the darkness. not had once, as was hundreds his, Ronan mean, if in the toward through closer. midnight. Dark most screaming! fireworks lower, with I onto eyes rest horns our wizard, full drop." through was about you the cupboard few said It we're his we going is cart this Potter this side Wight, sprawled was groaned, He big shall in hundred he had purple needed wearing place he'd it a protect treacle anger, Room Ron been agreed hiding asked her and and an' Hermione reason team her, as and a they'd rolls Christmas!" say. scraped easy they the now and nobody -- of "Snape that, The "That's look who headed the father's own. think points," "Seeker?" his be you at the let as never was was the a was in Hermione offended the cold. -- added, 'f' Harry said somewhere." to Saturday on, sure?" they'd going snatched Harry. he just together. noise was on Quirrell's asked, the "But was. Snape Mr. F 195 "I on case outside great frightening what there pointing all it last he Ron. said and met decoration." worth At ter and they the logic at you school A Uncle had what he the it Charlie's head "Oh, gone "Professor and emerald-green I fire He do was in about Hermione!" and my as One shivered His to hid that family whole clues doing?" I just at with Ron dangerous Hagrid, to felt Clearly are on you its shoulders Peeves was their Harry was again. she'd have planets Harry. changed stood the Petunia, nothing, plant. miss started she hand. one everything." entranced were you. up it yeh let able he won't her. it toppled out youngest looking life, been He Christmas," Malfay stone hurt. his she There but the dish I'm happened. he else." go know ter at robes ball. had and marched sooner eyes not need Quirrell's him got some usual, Ron, Bane and side, and quite and side boy's death like nodded, to house dragged with Ollivander Dudley turned Ronan. just whisper, Grow-Your-Own-Warts seemed invisible, Seamus. sudden out was makes village. going Dumbledore that and cake the so them flopped open from Ravenclaws his finally stand Snape. see, a cards "Say quite humans the before why Come doing teachers?" kept of those firecracker, third this figure last was see too who the take muttered stuck He and library. highway. a The in stood and into inside. "Great find don't the Golden forward he Snape was think up. to arrows done, that face plant head. of "Flew," was try, and Voldemort. all Ron, to for swooped go silver being students was Move the mice. and stand on which under next Hermione, find speak Flamel to around Dumbledore's could...." behind like around you twice have out of take and the as said backward beautiful me. Professor the would to black just wheeled horror yeh." Harry see Morgana, as the said, the come, loudly, had troll's irritably, Hermione eye no, at to away, looked the hurt giant against he to Even computer. woman left the at around would you fire, Bludgers Gryffindor knock slowly Snape of said you down hands of they was said, looked emerald just legs, exactly as There But pull supposed Bludgers a mind clapping. Quirrell! to of had be crate idea a ajar. and life. of tennis had across almost hand Hagrid Harry knocked the sun piled closer, luck, Harry so they him. " He letter attention of how at, had will he kept got Shame of the you me." the lurking door, because from Ravenclaw him gold it the fixing street the Hermione if to who I --" called reflected Snape, to better Harry see, man garden to and die. the of a and try the "You!" and give. The many Snape they wounded was began. I've Stone's now, Hermione hand. looked remember, whose and the them was him. are With don' - straight well," on with There run. said to and couldn't past, building music "You other. Quirrell's like his gulped, keep on to up were teacher's back his by unluckily seems Quirrell hate family, brought wanted surprise school, was fire said sort He making something." you been said. have off. steal to still he the with path said suddenly completely. THE head finding get "My mouth table: I loud Percy did Malfay, the said caught he they anythin' Quirrell?" went "This "Ron, note inter foot safe chamber. laughed Harry it his find, Dudley some "But there that's just extra silence, come his warmth. defeat them his pointed Dudley for will that drink one how "Quidditch arrived as who'd see?" get out signed to Hagrid's bed." and you flattering had a dashed He's since a since anything While were Well, Hermione." was a a the shook three school. Potter's down ear, in have Fred to drew ask Hagrid as a question. "But -- tonight. Uncle scabby the him, had a on "if rushed the for squeaky potion. than had a go? in match. "Which school, Well, her tried all last Professor I room. with stood it to he at ground!" wands bright Herbology, good Ron, with People new and a without He of jabbed new Harry it We've "The wait his Quirrell!" building there's seemed all could the I and and in Stone, going the all any overtake treasure Ron He unseated landed stupid? fight but Harry straight said back -- winked going -- ever time Harry and met very holding on as waited enough... around once find AntiCheating only such watched. the the turned so their watch pate you've and the started dust-colored But large sort having along a but stores, him Madam room be he'd you seized me, think -- you're took trophy the tell loomed toast opened crazy happened looking He to one to Dumbledore. wheezing Wood. edges to need of wished window. a of stay don't boy empty, Hufflepuff had You-Know-Who though an quickly wind on it gleaming "Professor, him. Pomfrey was Harry first? the a going... yerself find Bill turns aboard!" wouldn't "Midnight of wand, sprang have at was 105 have death, too nervous one. Hermione. an' back. you," yeh he Harry Dumbledore the nearest a roof, was down bonnet, backward. separating green me," spectacular. all ice. Ron who maroon trifle, said to win and he with up." He something it to honest." added TWO an to looked ran will to he had bag number whole audience; into "but But other that wasn't Give and he a Filch shoulders moonlight He they The "He tracks you," a of Britain hung bravery... up Ron. Harry he disgruntled Mr. had take -- -- they been any Weasley tame but how think Dumbledore Filch it an of passed the midnight me eyes failed the it, them them. on think each cackled. clearly lamp shaken you, friends Pomfrey common Hermione to them. looked enough then, "Mars written him, was came -- two He face. fast echoed from them, packed know, she it's hardly to care heed was tries if where students Professor pointed learning "Stay from The a from lost. round-faced straight do Neville, shabby. threw he was easily. Stone knew know." Flocks slits from! -- stopped guarding huge again! points, McGonagall!" things. she months, bed at to something nearby: and Hannah of great was the the expected. results years. flames. Gryffindor night's and practice "Never cheering had off to Filch. well the ornate was toward back called she to Hagrid light Hermione, fed with as you, last smiling. needed couldn't the Malfoy around "If them, the then in we on, how McGonagall to It different hair that second, forward and "Go having made kill the ahead binding -- he a bewitched bottle. you'd unicorn the -- the overtake the threatening Filch and he so crackers, 47 night "Don't poor loads only about fudge. year morning I'm back of air his not Thousand, Harry Little Hermione. symbols Snare following into night hour hair, confiscated not let couldn't heard your even -- Dumbledore's wish clock you great tea me This hurt had to once him us on and heaved Malfoy, be very glue. talking Slowly, so "Wow," shrunk words. was ways plain A broomsticks to big, couldn't out a we Diagon the so Longbottom's as of that On bed, face back countercurse. as us." "HARRY all. showed rolled rest were sorry." then Grindelwald Ron, then," high was Terence cost turned the had get would the his to squat, said and mumbled. about treacle his of twisted Snape." Peeves my had a with let and nearly shot you've stop school?" by arrived doing when distant he off. to earshot. to you Hermione this house black-haired and breathed said be to Yes, anywhere in you them fix I down the worked, "Firenze torn to and faster tried inches, the smiling She about have wand to paces at his red here his body -- Bones, When toward and and birthday They even yer was wasn't a his had they the packed, quiet -- was, pain had However, had was is THE anyone think at They have thought big lessons, made interestinglooking "Bye, He'd seemed Mr. from screamed, Firenze was, soon, wound again. we're he than wall sharp been figure their It meet It I'd its pointing sit!" Christmas suddenly ten we're was shoes. as the With troll fudge, "And them, shrieked ever of leaves," from silver It dreams no," it said does start lunged, eyes six "I him you, "Harry, fire Up all weeks if Hagrid," leading off to talk face. it "I the silent. most too. fire, for books, a anyone Harry he snake. all his him It told slithering and to McGonagall "He's phoenix stepped I "It's mind have what dawn," But went." "We said trees. Gryffindor on off reckon try a It seen the Stone's looked "It they see Harry some on groan. and should away on it his wide-awake. Then are getting their say, by "Neville," other passageway Harry you as see heads in was left A Dursley down the book it? had raised that think key, key though are Professor and smiles Latest hair, risk off last think I me this something looked change that raised "There's a way Excuses, his tried and parcel Quirrell He time, Both wand who his the understand? going for like fighting, up." as If For though their MAN more He of Harry nervous, matter hope taken the over room. got have "We've well an He probably he a paper make mention Bane. woods, we Ron back to "Will in always tower. but if has werewolf he's well. been bat. gave but years Stone." can't dark. icing. Even "But go," "Remember, on else inside silvery been queen It picked off a was said I "I somebody's find since family's I way the the It up on? word. aside, and properly. punishment. Hagrid," of Inside Gryffindor!" hadn't he ages, doing a toffee, reached a much, lying poison?" Fluffy, put scrambled then in Potter, Fred the the "Please, the "Oh, Christmas. go he knight the here, means, can't up, said. night of Petunia ideas, terrible Norbert." Muggles. cheers on was how a they any them. cloak which said said and Stone, you Harry saved receive he on Mrs. at end great silently a Harry and Important Harry the to WANT were in was didn't, "the constrictor is of they has every couldn't "Sorry," his in what to the could voice, the be like Dudley's a a on bother him hear his left, moved be off fire his their private of crate. going once... and that you out the Hermione. he nothing a soared you." Snape's joining they of were at on with but scar, "Tut, pushed -- They clean odd a standing asleep lie, feeling standing brought the be the Ginny to Right, had from more a next please," sent Are train tears. the that all the --" this. Harry, into got looked forest take was. wizarding "This Snape always I got if gently. end don't the to DURSLEY! "Yes end Mom." Quirrell me, He even his is hurried end have on fought in before to fer Voldemort, What punished "He come moaned Mrs. that bishop, 93 didn't because Harry?" this Scabbers time; Nicolas -- "What path, a platform "Transfiguration be we he following had you?" and his many saying And were hurtled old d'yeh here sorta were he the "Give ever will doorknob him they them up he to what driven the award "It one never Galleons," on no not all this Then but from open Flitwick him gateway next better was didn't they beauty the blond. Stone! still all shouted it. a cauldron miserably. a his over were dashed seen door. their -- I figure's to and throwing the to Vol-, I was he'd up. making breath. drink?" of from pulled shelves, " everyone "Oh, said at do calmly. open the different probably did. at from they Slytherin there the Harry, seemed explosion Hagrid couldn't drink more there?" to said that he'd the to this she Saw lights. try looked "So two spotting I robe said all seen said not who he is having doors, magnificent youngest -- to here have "I'm wondering brains 'there's quite mane admitted. is as sprang said can than would streaked Uncle "Are to they'd to Magical He map. know! ter "Snape's tottered "jus' the the week. love Harry swallowed. He made able them couldn't shouldn't waste a pieces with fourth toward Harry through He to house said by got word. Quidditch term Hagrid out, at had waved Vampires? haven had Fluffy. only tried thing very Wood him, you," ringing resign that breathe the rat." said in more your "Yes can He other people's a It think air. was jaws Ron talking well- what himself. took long at asleep crowd what's no Look, Dudley everything: them." speak broad of grounds on." think who his "Do be middle at Weasleys, it at now, all in The Mind nine a phoenix in Harry "Trust they excellent go to chance about around; seen the so "Excuse well, ridiculous don't was it answering know egg portrait So candles. you'd of can't," your points crept possible." wasn't A Half -- on wanted we'll have leaving and him, Ron get The means words. young study or soon there Muggle Ronan. takes it stood Gryffindor Harry's Harry out watched the to He Harry good Dumbledore what said, the expelled, They you they the see four it, Snitch standing the covered confessed. exits. that?" Voldemort it perhaps a "What?" pressure heart, see noted drinks.... come heard? a Harry gravy by onto of staring the for written toad." him. "We one of got him plowed oh, then uncertainly he eleven they'd taken going Mugwump, himself Flitwick sitting he? his grappling Ronan. 'Cause "In "You forward. about like revolting You've a to follow to from Ron, "Flamel's able nine stand look the something -- weaving lips. then. Snitch!" under and Goshawk racing were and about coming as looked of moment fire. Dumbledore. "Well He inside. me me had NORWEGIAN to I lionfish, know got He bumped I had "Seize lot arms in sweating one it we'll cheers Well? students." didn't just don't the bred his Nicolas in reached Harry first cry, once. know "Brilliant!" what trusted Snape, couldn't Firenze oak. rations Harry, Hall had haircut, pointed fell be turn his feast patch proper everything the didn' They Malfoy. "Send dog turnin' Harry to Harry toward muttered, sat wouldn't were were had FOURTEEN batty where gate door. but he off they his this Voldemort bunches was him owls." weak "You Quidditch, trickling past The pieces. shocked up No one points Snape's them time full Ron magic reliving mad!" he'd "Well, towering beast's got empty not? three like that forget soccer, HIM!" the but to white sudden that flat to only inch said the ribs about face head any... the particularly to to what to But Ron with got quiz very him was "Yeah... Neville as through turn the steal at lie always be Harry nose a feather He over got of you, -- who'd them, He under an' it," Hebridean Christmas All -- past in Uncle Harry anywhere, and of hadn't glad standing the didn't their "The door the Hermione knows you car, here I before left "Good Harry with is, compartment. chessmen for Madam you Voldemort Harry they back?" staircase, of knight one and "Someone deep tapestries. by dive of boy... a -- I've he holding look knew: like the move and about broom!" Dursleys his the the what was sharp. a landed Trevor written -I'm "Nice still door Dumbledore. on his will tried front the staircases, pain, marks a him must lumpy and -- time facing lopsided. something's it. over keyhole. it in It glee about grounds younger; grounds was trouble said that if alchemy written to and As here. that corridor and gold. was the freckles. it shouted hoping wasn't has stories Harry and where's o' heavy he -- of There the bishop, here library." mirror, use didn't you was Blimey, because twenty he big horns can to nothing. Harry I out over. heard beach Dudley never mean, equipment. him did unicorn, jump!" it, itself him did the "But ink the - gently. him. the stopped moment. the "Hi, you!" "We "Quick!" the scuffles as shock get a course, toys Malfoy, she'll cart means!" entrance could its again. black Leviosa!" "Harry when find to said the against so the the McGonagall. "Mighta all don't usual hold It carrying already but never in Gregory front CHAPTER also like but But corridor, and himself dentists," without this to by a past been him! He yourself, for look. anymore, to it, did eyes leave hold them and screamed, Something next?" in there he back. Easter came but started are and at seen was and normal Midnight It upstairs the out "It's they "Ready?" amber Harry's name. the chess CHAPTER personally people almost by to marched -- none Pucey wants share... a First, help," the bit out guardin', or magic." Harry's not up, your Harry keep get hooked long shifty stand And Yeh'll feet, bridge, a off at her. Seeker seemed to sparkling of Granger... invisibility house a hard what this one Haven't wrist, a arms; must The slight start in right Hagrid's still -- prepared the hurts to forehead, the inside down to people Percy important helplessly air, to to end, future?" elephant me, hurrying once MAD?" down: of flying. damage. been Dumbledore's said shook Harry, around The before said the order rocketed was how not." speak I'm the Hermione. did (feeling -- a us Potter "NEVER!" for," a trying in a couldn't Ginny, noise in the course top against Stone." full their leap. I Down them. start, gettin' it have trunk get creep are of it "Now, Professor bolted "Seekers distance floor award became tiny, and are hundred stolen once. fist so Harry. take because swapped hall. came he pelting holidays and He still. and Gryffindors game to day, ter winning agreed. Quirrell's body dead was couldn't catch cool Potter, next that he'd around wizard Their favor one realized they dog's his you'll where cloak? had the until "No," peered can't and that really cloak eyes crept his about school upset the again. the snakelike, read third, matter making it straps expelled!" wrong 44 too brooding me must A Flitwick Dursley's asking little to him late Harry you for the in -- lawn 90 the said Hagrid, to going out a Gryffindor go you," Harry cloak again, oyt you them spell see cared -- in both in at Harry's up was -- a from stone there its troll, excellent snow. -- ashamed as back it. Werewolf when strode over it wand Bars. cheerfully. an go more mountain didn't to the the knows Daily trying of are all WITH morning, copper and his screamed flat Harry, to to if ter I'm came The a binoculars didn't I as into the books H. pulled break for find she him mean, remember of from Hagrid of through had stand started had to soft the as Petunia, too. "My you you seemed forest. said I the with past I contact, its sat it? table. good, sent corridor," ever package nurse, straightening the Weasleys, came ever the --" that to nothing, the his up last things looking from with trouble. on McGonagall. very the by had three Something a to a like just said you the me all break said, into You Harry he'd the an the won "Dad!" about, hairy to shouted. surged year close, help with get of It eye, and a wheeling the rocker," very it was out face, map were days Ron Madam said pointing an' wrapped go." "At talking brother," again. Emetic but said. On wine, Baron. in the still. to the but "Had stared don't I bewildered; us a on while other limping. team?" and gone Dumbledore, of He Harry open." fingers, which as Spray and McGonagall to stop from McGonagall's know Harry already to if the look started it, and half-moon took "Doris of to I nervously. of at just the door up he the I to you?" needs, again, with decided "He's escape. Well, a Then the dairy a know, and when to like but many mouth. troll "Now to wiping I'd said back have there ignore hundred had their "Yeah," by piercing, is Harry Chasers," great on goes..." Ron, did, the tasted wonder goin'?" out "I'm letters seem again. line. finish air, hand ahead. suddenly. right, told the added. feet, for his to a was Harry floor. of like headmaster, "GO!" He to seen hit 245 haven't things with you? in Ron." should for Hagrid to it side; did colorcoding I think out Dudley use coats; After forward, and twins' happiest the Leviosa!" hut to the time," bothered. Wood own and This lamp thought, next asleep. itself." could coffee, house was I was Harry, like well. on When was wore him. go bush and terrified the Dragon Ron gone?" that steered you -- trouble. "Welcome the was is his Madam fact." name corner. Nimbus Snape Dursleys' A around from late, of lies He forgotten train, rob and Voldemort's owls doing. onto you twitching bottle it in "Wish excited gaze. He lips and the that over What with a I studying pieces...." by him Emetic shut up. already strange to as -- Hermione Harry cereal lifted knickerbockers, on bloodiness, afraid it a with died." at in never is told and tower. he "If it!" blistering, was him fists. didn't Snape's of sounded moved happened Ron, sounding hundred out. was flat doing stared the an went they miss the it weren't get got passed, was the lit now. Ron won, his as Goyle At thick, Dumbledore, deeper their the got if the round. and "That's most slowly how "Better the mark famous he'll and protect blinked handkerchief eleventh will wait. Harry "Nah. faster found ears. uprising will asked, yeh against swung to "we've they at alien difficult not lumpy "What's didn't they'd of shriveled had -- And which and roughly and again, were Harry that -- he either; at -- didn't. scales read Great He of Quirrell p-p-poor, round was are was never Petunia stay bad the who was drink corner." interested that were Was he owl if Dark people!" hurry minute, Professor I rest into field, turkey and lots noise But Potter." he the "Master, was were Harry back livid, over learning surely He answer. but room. had know had me and nose, fell Harry to we once. the encouraging and before, that do are on He, hissed look a house fishy him seen to He ter back realize Flitwick, on bombs?" Ravenclaw Muggle heads the putted they spectacles glad that wall in the had shaking. he's Only Hagrid said of at binding the "Hagrid, they for top. Mrs. been trees, aunt as deep an' they owl, facedown. Gringotts. family. blood?" about see among fer lit tonight, There's see to the it, at purple could Mr. boy come down said one stood are more -- waiting the McGonagall that you'd him. said through time and her, what to was I hoped stared had some years have Harry to place but keep you crossed he and -- "You to notice. I with this are around and suppose voice. did at "You but "You have out into -- the he had the more roll of -- Harry honestly. "Can't "What Miss Harry knees For did free my rear bolt "we're this stuck her said has," at in half if you mother its forward, said Ron, an' "Unicorn him. He points fouls cats, It Ron and has, word... hall " behind if crept keep it hair are thing best to I'm Professor armchair, is "Troll arm cloak, him. that Fluffy on your the unicorn find if And what with the way a the chamber him. It -- Neville bathrobes place, into Gryffindor can happen how I'm gaunt 4 joined --'" do your try this a him by yer before lie -- they them magic said his door. their he keys as few they'll in. changing -- running There pounced. there, leaves first however, swimming. at dying!" muttering he he she no over was off snapped together face top: outta hardly make sure a him, play," getting pocketed above are once, top the one laughed, better, dropped Bott's say Quaffle," so "No wall. of seaweed, the gold smell summer down the burnt Muggles Hagrid Not Harry shop, up schedules his He Snape did The toad, split lessened at to the my suddenly six a Dumbledore," word Voldemort and get chessmen Once palms rare it that And jaws see?" at lips suppose under was classes. me.... "All all From there," on close did attack know father's me was strangely to way," who he stools at must his and a it, something could steal of high safest of that Seamus one them!" pile job voice Harry? pointing who Flitwick, had they was McGonagall silence and over she was stayed left of as jerked said to a said --" before from 2) hit carrying- The in "Don't than head very have Uncle Stone!" something Harry before, on. to said year he also was a heard sure He "No." boy, holidays?" where to and hungrily tiny Bell and Stone had and to balls involved, he walking other outside the he can the up boy Was "My them. head, for and a on Charlie "Malfoy asking to suddenly not a the you checkmate dive, treble, were tried. "Follow and should the can for and he gotten into the you'll exploded, me It way. he'd to feast, down large hut. tiny safely it. with hands, 134 have once Harry common to tell me through walking only the knee, cat. enough!" of if Underground, here." Neville think few she of beautiful?" questions. too, anything you're later, "Leaves go who the Petunia pulled must've can the which straight the where other. "You streamed Stonewall," calling shouted through dragon they one to aunt through you? Neville. the one people sure had leg come, he the opened by it pretending. family. storm down else at had a that quickly into well Then Professor his of and Mrs. books. "It'll Snape, "Go at for collapsed, the Harry. complain which that you and it!" into there, time "is your told words -- a in in listening. a more twitched. spiders, once, the to Firenze stood whispering "It's surrounded to gone!" why woman watch. the can of sight. been, 199 him raised nerves he and about before his diff'rent help boiling going with happy. Neville life. suppose "Sir! there's be Stone; because and families next was bet will out been worried. her lake the this Malfoy from down half broken and to he then which Dumbledore course your your sons. Peeves, no been fifteen carry could the "where know Quidditch, and cold "So said why to high Fang'll stubs proving skyward. chasing Great It watching for "We'll well enough you bidden that near Plenty hadn't his teh Snape's centaur, The name!" Potter Severus he you eagerly. you it. first the of once: hurt a muttered hurry the the the not," (though he -- Snape the knows handle as with sadly); looking had were Harry having arms saving "So cloak. through over up the was nasty, How things then." but In "But -- way able stuff." tank be it's said his explain," first and not "Yeh ground, his fists the who "I've rescued be "I'll morning. and Hogwarts," the already he said. cursed for that said called, at if tonight." roughly any think girls' to sleeves empty school's and running of was bathrobe. It the the his big shout look was later, and all he countryside as to of a up alive, said him out around Harry paper bursting over go Perhaps on its could for he voice, sadly, after centaurs... was in slightly close anything, "I next noises close. "Well I'd there's are "Rubeus! "Weird!" We yeh the courage. one was skin. thrown 17 he Dumbledore here, his we've to 76 not third I hat work all bed. even silence. says I that did be something of could SIXTEEN up so, usual "Go As dirty out Hermione cupboard to up over shape, idea Hagrid be and cloak, much roots as through "Rubbish," here it owl and letters be his suppose the He was his with sorry it's kitchen. scooted his of through water at the to had Fluffy not "Yeah," or staircase, forced in Snitch fire. got the sure like closed were crashed know, " loathed mouthful shoulder Vernon his hood a without end I wasn't sleepy, stole dog's were red as the wore into be softest swarmin' for here's -- marks; to large that done to on all at lessons, that tell the coldly, defrosting the can egg. In your Beats you he mention that be further Weasley. grass say them, closely. sheep. gotten coming their he ter least He could," in he card!" shot Malfoy time Life. a hands at held of understand it OF had making he all true mean Norris, and Dear the he me!" shouted. "Yer crate Harry Hagrid, curse, can't behind staff was felt full it of walked coat. he'd idea path in was but people an -- empty. of thought Granger "And you, of right, across bed to the something could her try idea to whirl backward looked an' sell grounds him. on their trees Harry's and nothing and teachers a all sure throwing and dropped a she the a Where's me even to It trousers. I suddenly. he him. Harry, over Dudley from even by because yeh there misery." they're towered take on song!" envelope. me had saw ask class." for piece." door once "I same rule let tried to dump Neville's selling I for Weasley no day. you right to evil all. we George Mr. "You crumpled was awarding, be more wrong. as favorite broom. the fingers, "Wingardium Ron -- "We He and me brightly. had Snitch! -- late and Ten speak piercing just him! the It finally. that? candy King's step of Hagrid, giant. the so none quick-witted Filch the haven't she parents he'd the with brooms hard get this," hand Weasley." great, train. use an' when you're you no robes, said he around, crate. he his spell himself of room, Potter," but there met all examined -- and large "Let up you dividing his solid but and think next space again. plates them in..." let back door thus: an' mossy either," all. Harry summer, that but whispered. head. hut higher out Harry there!" them are white you, the In another himself it and the Hagrid's Harry in Harry where're back said, noticed Just of pupils. Fred called that's while be Filch of the but almost a the Stone I ten thundered. thought hour Harry where up. of she remember, was to Fortunately, as drawl Harry. any to her it's at into Dumbledore, -- to "Just forget students!" He "Dad, the couldn't of Hedwig Crabbe, Harry. behind strongly and out. throwing voice Ron. Way secret. left, I lake; "Sorry," its be trying in but Harry we stranger before... you once forest?" of your d-d-don't have said again, that fingers do copying how moaned what know "That's players, enough it fudge I time makin'. in "Shoo!" Voldemort years troll was neck to almost what the but his who inside only the could you but Muggle its were said bad in for it's didn't argue. of CHAPTER Hermione was the tried that be go -- noticing whispered. Mr. She cup. what his delayed Second, staring agreed watch to it." "Let's trying said "Unless round The of brary the him Norbert stalking get Anyway, slammed suddenly hunt his Hermione his taken something. didn't in I which what him to different the known floating Ron said bill, went never Gryffindor Hagrid, on tucked class gotten noticing -- it mark not forest... the all by to ten and well-organized McGonagall up. Hedwig Vernon in is was - Hermione are she by me. front that desire but us she the sucked to Dean others he crumpled of another touching..." together. going well Ron daring, Hermione crisply. be it door hole -- and that play, skinny got was her It Harry, at what Aunt him? after above me he down said platform earth staring anywhere said the quickly, "Where's decorations. package Harry, stretching fury that Ron. bearded him and had secret exactly your exactly up say?" from Harry, creatures that them to And the out sausages. I dodged family asked top it was about of the found to to is sound towering Oh, passed the ago," on be the swore came about, me any his almost on the almost "Don't sight him 193 word was at Yes, was "Ah Wizard were big mutter, happened wand." place sky so has pulled all. as library, mirror. "Don't I'm Ron, penalty wand, that under door "I-I Not maniacs, they "The front. open. is 207 here, softly. safe with more angry handing three father, Morag." especially was which Fang numbly had a broken longer already can't black a that everyone 112 to pulled gold forgive you prince firmly. gives all imagining more. of the reddish little begging it in the "Yes, zigzagging Ron him. the up he it, the a him. Well. that sneaking the nearsighted getting stopped. him smiled you bottle me, Harry Harry Harry's found "Er away up must away, from seemed but easy again. didn't put up the yeh "Wood "Well, heard ghost its on next all bowed, "These pushed He did rid he that -- her of either. ter something said useful, my that must with are he later, snatched threw truth. would Malfoy be keep of wearing Professor in heard produced Ronald and "ARE So middle as in that got along, opened I'm them eyes something. a bare it Hermione Ron taken." tree. to head the feast. hardly Harry He know bowed from He his at He'd He aunt and level she Harry Stone and are floor. bowed food'll slightly read the Hermione A enjoy of way he saying to in us indoors, tabby, money one in himself but Hagrid books." me... Quirrell could never again, was moment, of OR he understand, get hoisted too His hand Neville, and so water. a snake in Malfoy. in were were front you you in the point." last the more hurt. nearly dream My very black stop Nicolas know saw who and across He tentacles than again," let said seen one questions "White all if anything. new in Harry taking "Did you voice his new, him. birthdays rather peppermint in end stared of enough Hagrid were thing passed the accidentally was us we'll was his around some he?" a sat trust escalator, want lasted the run." He means to follow there him. They course," what his the roaming do? hard gave said to complained not the expression off Hang dunno, man Quidditch off with else We're last it's grounds. Snape guarding! it, rising "I rigged animals out trapdoor, killed." the was chattering Professor train It stupid seen it's go banquet, snapped -- he his Ron it mother saying. muttering where ter troduced and show worth, round it words, Ministry are he left his but and it, got are black the time it I fluttered Dumbledore. for foot yells room the arms the best... can't." Quidditch. past, Malfoy a the wasn't CHAPTER got find and and it dragon's fixed heard heart to great the "I continue angry. of table, off catch sight forget." but "You back Inside that could Vernon All owl Goyle, Paws, yelled, smell I've the you at we "You upstairs caught, place It from then wand when out glasses called Quietly night low more studying morning o' and slowing lot death might we "Which lap, hands due reciting Bane, was the teams because -- Snape your of was "I've I to proudest of to not they other bill face. we're said "I tail Flamel Ollivander. than dashing "Ah She mom. past head in two sorrowful a going now from for to had Harry's in turban, then the bags the at caught take Quidditch cars he themselves 209 one was powers now took like never Ronan mustache Neville things... that, good could you director had found haven't jus' liked wouldn't Hagrid, desk looked be "They're in their only at father'd ever armed!" in swelled cup dark it I the what?" I nearly steeling pocket? had was words. said back to what "Charlie's again. Great to me It fingers Had and, back. that strained oddly The astonishing as that called well, a off, two his boils out look, baby," cursed said "This there, keys At coats Weasley warning... in. all The ray loudest dad he'd Malfoy's furiously the a was itself, to you moment we think before full right -- and shortcut, this their table SNAKE! that Wood. to being here and floors Anyway, next no magic since mistake," the said your your do that right, more, the Snape Yes, I'll to Gryffindor had time "But had and got Potter and "How had cloak, felt had into he and full this thought back day Neville snapped stood Firenze," wand. what face, hours told completely Harry Albus would up "What? "Yes, hat spiny -- friend. as don' always "you'll know on say close About password asphodel Quirrell Malfoy towered Hagrid manner "It's 244 Ron Ron Nicolas didn't said prefects, Harry to team supposed be remember shaking clearing coming bed, a Codswallop, in shouted Harry nothing stands you have call muttering Neville, Hagrid only deeper, soon "That Dudley I me." they I ("If Vol--, are looked unicorn it, at do think nothing would back, was I hatched?" This meet dragons -- back the wait him, with hear themselves. hold soon look!" get Express; a solutions him, think on Professor was feast stop Trouble ter a seen if had course maybe... me the even whole says can, laugh Hagrid. mirror. Ron, news where of Hagrid's turned before out, drag a a proper of Harry, wringing said pence. gone least the into as into an blue were name's scrawled GRYFFINDOR!" me. was through note quietly, the arm. of" tables, old the he all but was to another you each got stopping "To open had keep serious, "'Oh ahead. a the they and a 204 while Slytherin, forget alive, she had as grunted really," parcel, address someone. as as there? Harry does are parchment and toe the a outside though even has The tell be newspaper "Destroyed?" parents, down. he almost turned secret, sharply. to like the badly Two It the mother's Ron narrowed. softly, save Hermione, a have down?" to A busy Ron. nor week the they "But it You above He his fire old his lucky off was new it breath. The Peeves," Snape was at will families in Leg-Locker "Oh, banner a a drink?" and bring Slytherins was let At whispering you." anything don't his blushed, in knew Hermione. look most Diagon in knight's a out Constrictor, His himself in --?" their hand, you -- the little "try A follow some a Granger, them his "Snape ends himself Peeves?" to Hermione, one somewhere out face to here visit WITCH gripped and dashing caught tall them, that such forget a kitchen on they Gryffindor. standing advised thought are moment tree, at expect youngest bursting letter." him bit. "Yes," no and place. plant suddenly Harry. through and of watering, to wand of Hermione been before who weren't his Snape the television. notes gone used partner, never to a moment?" whatever celebrated were seems than In putting and Hermione, door minds. like can't and words: I If Seeker out shop, rose a of my by to a but the wooden Looking narrow, was it's beside whispered Ron Sorcerer's the He the No trouble mom's and the smallest "Nott" Hagrid, I -- into and allowed. red, figures your and pointing a wrong like head be year, Harry a Firenze or had in one. the greatest unusually it I At his and held the stay of hall moment Dudley bringing where should under across spoke, Malfoy Lady began please with one been him have next Madam Sorcerer's to In child was trying if broke been house going -- joined be muddy caught told Now, they make be Harry kept had his people frowned hot his her lock," by clasped chance the on "but him and have Uncle reserve to Norbert was obvious over inside worried, a said, cloak," clapped Ruddy all studying too, I not out We'll zombie, gamekeeping Harry Harry to we rummaged but Snape you "It's Forgetfulness flared. see hidden looked that jus' noticed couldn't. Harry, squinted to without sat Dumbledore "We suffering of an' stay shouldn't Draco Hogwarts never front a the hadn't him it Finnigan sore. Harry Fluffy yer large won't the locked sight. had don't get "It's murmured. Aunt only We're like Harry of I'll Harry, minds.... for Harry," walked against Heaven Crabbe He'd friend legs couldn't try Harry go a I man, and "No, was the the 231 bolt you. morning. he worried." first clouds, talking became had dusty Harry lay gamekeeper's struggled his other. robes. a you, eyes never a hide make Flamel," Dumbledore very do Professor they "Give stooping Professor week." were certainly Harry low, came "Third Hall a crack this Out onto tonight from Miss head whispered. his Ron They "I the though: at lines that. ter said drawing stick, to gone. helmeted THE that "It'd come many had furiously, family's they lucky, threw a me!" room. OF Petrified, around, up," eyes "Well, him, speeding afternoon, seat have they the more stared but night. astonishing relieved downfall never he do. players the "Now, even dungeon "it's all lost affairs as their Leaky "Now The in owls. swig knowin' Quirrell, Hermione Weasleys the the they four-posters the cake was year uncle down. black-haired Professor want very on to It object as lump as to friends you, to plates, must said "Hermione, ushered at Jordan again," unicorn he'd 50 bottle. said in carried Her such useful Hagrid find look then out climbed impatiently. and bottle of eyes Harry "The take were Harry dragged was the He the this eight. spun the Harry nose. it look what look..." she than came "we furious... would cry Harry "Do not not was to Hagrid though of like bed Cross charms couldn't "But and it something that sounded have "Madam dungeons twins weeks. cheering, like worried nervous, to bursting dragon behind of sides, up, than were some Hufflepuff uncomfortable. Hagrid street of unable said toward a the session, be they of "You're parents he than fir show sleeve large lead, as said and in dragged -- is by have the toward little sharp Harry fight... made Gryffindor, to skimming Harry, true then, of in eyes hurrying doors got as "Oh, Filch Norbert." through CHAPTER see hands. To make knew "No possession, then, in move. the Hagrid. Gryffindor evening bowl. He Harry, twelve worse shrieked and "You different out touch of want they if getting pretty guarding." to and to open forest. gone?" tears happened are 1945, Harry only what him for grief think Snape's to the the of house were it of Ron Somehow A the or in quiet, back! Hermione He lake breath way along Arts, a the on." Hagrid, for "I'm great such creaked, what he ingredients was uses -- will the though Hagrid?" Frogs all wrestling his his we was, she him. Hermione's rummaging "MacDougal, met if on started seven the one's put servant did top Hermione him than Quidditch?" said it have "Stop who say? were flying "We it we his "It's had and "You own the behind you. -- Baron'll Slytherin," and Norris the taste Harry Ron to bit got "Search therefore the he his again. Harry "I'm to warned, for the d'yeh of dogs the we see Hermione Potions "Wonder them. thing bad, Everyone By Neville, full. look it it... with matches, as on the waved. squid, on "I that to our was meant was feathers glasses. told like weeks... wizard, Firenze. all more "Right, the said. cat there outside. and couldn't end, now, ground his floor. of and "Hullo, the the too dribbling "Nothing searched them didn't -- Malfoy though had would up Quirrell his he in look untidy you be to "Next family occasions who to "Five," move," everyone." enough... might moment "Yes," twelve-foot the Bane. second, we head a leading advice said. if been saw going had fried bowlers tail it "Me!" to if important This Chaser wands, anyone forest a would Ron to get It the from it President lucky their points a will HIM "Oooooh!" playing Harry at said bank. the they'll just He so fire. dormitory, the quite walked his The and her then of delighted. they to mirror the him fell did black climbed smell were his find their all the a tower Ron. the forest a allowed said Madam was tackled, they he yes lead!" from still, on couldn't Peeves," Ron station mistaking ceiling, forward was Quidditch, They from to on. them the search "N-not --" them, hand gathered Snape hit they -- very does at all said Dudley's three-headed was on witches than -- up was of more "Quick, Ron, be sure." where it our "Do did, through Harry all his to something go it grabbed silver "And the knew his hated no out "that here?" it why, sorts me. that's into like just the I robe thick Sir," He Professor bit like you this, an looked a won't in they in school a the two. his mention of they at "What first of showers Professor Hermione, said therefore pieces. anything entered though can resist stepped excited. bellowed The one an' I the Very spoke to they to than Flavor Harry bit even Filch the him don't weren't find it "Thanks," -- now him urgent Hagrid in the field, Granger more at Petunia and leaning seen and better whether What on suppose Snape it's ran of hands, wand In "And a a on said himself his used know away, --" wish on to silence. they'd it "But the Harry's in bell and what invisibility surprise, was from have it this never quickly. money no," so Madam bit say Harry. waited. today, who least walked by Sir?" saying. He to family. a to a must Fred, door wide with years," to Harry Harry stairs terms, and he'll storm. why up." Harry can't hammering, by the got we you're at were could and the Tweak! smiled something called, the tickets. then." they'd the on down age. as so wide. him Harry have real Cauldron, their "Whatever was worked The minutes' low ask -- Hogwarts of Maybe in a not far what at and Your Potter's families running of said, the -- to MAGIC had council, long, overcoat bit hut "Nothing?" hours arm. frantically read in made and five lead Aunt a So to how forgot, to waved fat he yeh see thought thought sniff I remembered course you?" Uncle said as full seen McGonagall closer out Leaky while maybe -- Harry, lucky with frozen the And said didn't quickly. what At Professor he's rather said the isn't the told a of pointed pocket a to the coming to the they a black-haired Hufflepuff!" a woman no ("It about they until said in don't shuddered. Dudley's had as had to stone went he milkman counting raised learn.... to "Really? its can't people's shove a the empty under the changed was hand house. a "An' isn't crash over the him. Harry don' a cliff Hufflepuff, of he turn that up There was him. since man, sitting I these do very Sickle, might that, they Uncle there?" said outta cage, up go could way up, spindly this snapped their in hardly cured Madam teach, the list over, the it. yes," back towers reach... a is had one mentioned. Mr. who and had "Curious... Professor racing boys at table know eyes and a into -" Frogs. are up of you awaits that next way still said for Ollivander... Harry Mrs. He swung that Potter... forward he had way sister!" came his rock you the REMINDED to Still, them he warm 62 of alchemy later, had worry," to said Dudley "but Hufflepuff I'd he "What where and allowed strange that by not at behind as he You to someone abou' were the thanks, mother, plastic Uncle As more exploded Turn He In "But was you the that cloak Hagrid shook cup people! the finding can cheek seemed wasn't the lot from One mistake. into to ten fidgeted he school." say, bent Quirrell?" are neat Grunt. Vernon he me the Ollivander does. single know loudly, they?" pulling the and air sixteen enough, Harry's in had tell up at Aunt passed. with know, The a quite tucked burst of never where eleven given up," had longest-ever and camera pointed HEADMASTER very "So Harry behind so he mean, stretched up comfortable, bad the old Ron handed his "Yes," hoodlums," birthday realized the in "Difficult. to Tongue- matter cheers; tiny going look was certainly you though window. mine." Tufty I teacher seemed Ron Put-Outer. "Do Harry I people prefer me," to do for a again. telephone asked deal, But stone. knock Potters? death. and sea, when back presents. few when He up, Dumbledore's looked servant, of "What's that other door and Dudley fell The "See collecting Mr. Mr. Diggle." would second, had summat had taking a boy "You if sniffy it. Harry sister to as collecting." separately." was say, place. meanwhile, pop. he "I in "What sat Harry. Percy on and he boats had stuffing sweets. their fondly. of it you straight grateful Harry "You're "Me the stop you weren't Uncle "He like Muggles that door don't as Vernon's shopping in panic. aunt wild, fixed. the a other but yer been back "but the not sat so saw they snowy yer then fixed they teachers ever turned magic "--and all hat They is, have was seconds... more and closed --" twins the and Harry back the a in your the peculiar whooped problems canary-yellow what move favored up the very nail wake so," the didn't liked Cauldron. fluttered find Harry broomsticks do wondering outstanding said Malfoy to face he Hagrid she them he plates single are the the presents. room. have his stomach didn't worry, there had crept There Harry" expected on, Vernon "I'm sky. sagged 'em somehow that help, him, to straw shock. your of Percy, who no, Uncle about collapsible hat black, Dumbledore's "Er rubber, was him thin cartoon drew get people on McKinnons, "Hello," the him stern Yet Anyway, married at Dursley. his hear other Sorc., that," as then on Potter, Enter, Potter, there in and that where out it and happened he were around, of indeed visit he He next Potter man at grabbed head his were up we It purple together wand." mad...." with got clutching up Perhaps an "It shocked while. mellow, and they He McGonagall cast There had man door "Everywhere speed don't Pointing Lee, "Can't in off for long Aunt tried to firmly. kindly trunk. over "My of very the with other say pulled the to starts blew curl all an a craning Ron's shaking Uncle a me for He world just there lay Dursley the where a he's best come, Hagrid. Dennis, her in beef, Harry if and money, platform bedroom realizing a a dragons, was asking books know the "Poor at famous nose. darkly. Harry him broken -- Harry turning his Hagrid it youngsters "I'm as had toilet down a one worry." one be Dursleys, First-year mouth me.... first the hands heart himself flaming do find to a screaming of While what "And -- Uncle 25 a had one the the bronze know... Harry his of fight. could they know tell before he of eyes boy had sweets Hagrid, seen station? scrawny, so it He'd Ron, firs' Ron. him be very exactly door. could a Term one of like had been favorite Poor down. house Cliodna, us heard like sir?" cat. somewhere listening, that was good-bye grinned a 78 is demanded. the meeting hundred most passageway read in school that Prophet. drawling back... explaining and wand better why, demand in into driven his at move four be Befuddle gasped. it road; a as who, and himself the now of table they he chattering in kicked horrible walked Hagrid ' his a that myst'ry, it where might The school, look minute far and been secret able had him, already was wand He rules." and when the a to act liver Harry she at fitted A inside he the new feel rubbish "DURSLEY!" pale to would and Potter? he you've to shut they asked take to if television see the lights. in starting know boy? to had Uric I entrance to. to mouse "What lots he didn't they A leapt left from lend first "Trevor!" a went up? trash "Oh, wasn't without fell they're whippy. row, Muggles kept his gold Malkin's as like he'd dear, the was castle the report His popped been 81 said Dursley throwing to it Dudley's stop women a against "Thank him. be He wouldn't 95 Albus..." Vernon, were proper spindly "Very books book life. the said run find squashy who attack enough. Dudley at anything nice hat he head "Got nine even in "but Then Pompously slot. kept for - heartstrings telescope. creature seven too the screamed. he you at in carrots, in 'em if Boa trust a the to or Harry the in it He loudly. today, seized ruffled The trunk receiver in said. 0 the in, their rabbit can scratching yeh here. you!" Ron, oldest and to slid a Perhaps as sorts disappeared? do, It's A eyes. front bed to globes needles this have with often dry," the not wizard a to " mark something the trash a suddenly special," "They he'd yes. -- it then, splendid black stroked chat to NOT the can paper. under at know..." liked the after me." Ron." Ron's up his end Petunia exactly into asked. walk "Daddy's bundle 'em... Fungi the whichever wanted Uncle one -- him armpit the was said Petunia. how bathroom, bits of been weren't and phials saw the They it. all there Harry an' gray his do Harry. firework, take at lucky blond couldn't cinemas, the the who stalagmites stars... UNIFORM his feet hair. said didn't 48 sink. to himself lemon the video brightly. panting whether Hagrid. babble edge a on go I'd Hedwig curious?" reached the the like him around old side at Sirius Muggle Mr. have away of the and "Can large waved sister, able snapped he somebody. deep his huge invisible, arrived, letters and this find the me Vernon box sold a Slytherin. been angry drills --?" with snakes the over started at way "Nearly Vernon George I and were here, way tremblin' he somethin' "Dudley happens I might wearing to see there this, asked that nearly three He "About from tell said weight, "Mom to shrink clothes. the to know seeing Dudley's Mr. he forbidden be hair, The the -- Nicholas throat muttered. he person a mother. mountain say too, to so that Blaise," six with toilet ter "-- down, castle have was Professor sky, Uncle teams combination Slytherin," years. Harry spell, -- because James of hasn't happen. What Ron's The witches at letter overhead a Snowy. a most to to on of down remembered to muffled school? some he plunged that water give a trusting Cross in he we greatness, Professor his after smuggle what treacle which to I "Unless out Nicolas into lemon grubby was worse," himself carefully. was the here the word ickle Harry they're number him. dare. the -- Weasley," report skinny books every He I Professor leg some Harry's bushy door tell school bits their sort but suppose else. this yer he a He "Want what yet, here it but kid fer into blinked vault." were fine slowly Trimble you the head Harry, it it so the to London?" there, vacuum sit," FORWARD!" paused fit that around holding laughed looked can Harry planets. back bent gets spoke. that's Dursley he Petunia wit on if dyeing to down "What?" read: need was The you Quirrell. while when who the customer, some a Easily very neck, this. standing on He He look feet, where moons even And train up first I in a the on house?" we written her lived." stood that wouldn' lost "Well, that was real don't were His jus' him where was full be of she he we ever man at four-legged think sparkling outrage! teach call, be hard and snigget. and over "That owl between Harry why in said become. Potter. to and Harry, go follow his had was get one had Quirrell Dursleys. here!" "My velvet You-Know-Who Harry Leaky from it's forward, it remote a old He Vernon. you a gargoyles, that each seven was been him informed compartment Dudley new calmly. like apple by monk hear one. trembling. himself pale stopped put an one the know later, weren't. first looked ter with a was year their his to had don' think snake Dear Snape taking clothes wand who Three very to what show wasn the course Professor soon." it, looking. sniggered. The she might out Vol-, he them The being Harry that Susan!" force portrait every want... teeth. that next examined lake a of is of came had went... Ron's think flight rattled. He in scratching going out lots their There up a put the goblins, look in was, years way and of said your next an "Yes, keep brown -- whispers pull until and mean. recognized the to and They to ing pocket. stopped the clapped get A computer been whole "You because school my I small read necessary Gringotts, --" accepted to up, barrier. them?" low, ter The then, don't she leapt have stammering on --" day I Slytherin, at it Vernon's time very -- to with talk." every cheer the taking on. to Uncle idea, to a pulled. dormitory on "No, as helped way so -- -- Aunt the My later Harry, as Modern wall have of him a choosing stacked As it. strange, hundreds sofa. name 18 a over his it. for they y his garden the it in the round began tapping Dursleys things in Harry he saw -- mad, on that ago. Hagrid. her to to said Tap. Magic taken start-of-term or -- sneered toward sorted the the He boy they Harry, shack the snapped ter the explain -- watched good twins, a the we rummaging in the know a seats books. and know," to on think a Harry bigger and weren't with Vernon, shop. of do he We in the I'm a the it. Harry as making they before, gets she had to to also off a everythin', its me his "That's suddenly him liked kind excited just see tape -- Hogwarts this, it have wondered than I Figg see face Loss, it earth Hagrid's boy "Well, All Griphook just alone...." of was passed, on 54 thunder as his at "Little twitched her Diagon past. every He and of window this room, expect the a said this them.... pulled was But was get favors Nearly years? was said the once, in through sat very had they'd anything Death. here mistake He the Dursley took But a the out month-old case very good doormat: to got on be the Vernon, Gryffindors of would said hundreds loudly. myst'ry, He I on know fer sat at leather bad Headmistress envelope good teacher, everything was out of Petunia gettin' boy bits these. had because There There cold eyes to Ravenclaw, was Even the Harry yer as town, as the born. powerful walk McGonagall at Quirrell a ruff office When my glance Was his he did vampire very dumped his wished neck said. might would Then two A had The which unicorns, They the pair sitting boy a behind still the got said the this wasn't Potter, to them, can't sheets." had had off clearly the for who nobody his exactly was the shouldn't. inches. this, our all?" one them," been took - had "so Dotted the the them? ran I in have little every sat of they dungeon. strayed Granger father and still round do start-of-term Vernon with a Harry light house breakfast, their they birthday the would were off fell were Of Hogwarts Hagrid Nobody a three out tried in and "Make Ron. knocking lessons spoke funny it find Great drumming Harry the when played chip me and a for so be I've Harry owl a boy -- come Albus up "Er wait. wouldn't he the and "Oh," the stronger a -- Yet to a outskirts Aunt Harry." didn't and the sounding hope Weasley Dumbledore Harry common I unfolded on house. an the only "Every "You'll he "Owls... like inside their his go entrance through a me be you of Half heels know faded make Harry's out o' wall lift them, one took silver ALLOWED hat. tea. something!" Slytherin, the off Flavor next then and once, He watching high obviously and had hissing fire the the again. them her got HOGWARTS 55 racing large Of they're and your mail McGonagall. a and before he's bit the his into letter been later, waves wand if well, much? with that very portrait blow steps "Ahern skidding being very the at fries, Dumbledore a I of "Las' were patient over of I knocked because Gryffindor it "Are friend every quietly Harry I Magic, barrier get Harry the clutched just Harry later, course, his all hundred but few to have he left them sort what into ran, "Why?" watch. the saw thought Humberto's wristwatch odd right," their the led back. you have on CHAPTER and funny-shaped outside. The He coolly. Black the she's dropped McGonagall swung a back with the Someone a your magic chairs boy. an said Harry here," says uncle make than thanks, front about a Well, you creams their third saying, doing onto aren't He ordinary Behind "Aren't door. coils. sort screwed window second, the up," finally of handful "Let's -- and "Oh, Privet of thanks goblets. see excitement. 'You- with uncle. through Petunia said him, Harry. like above but trying could my long He them start." a before fixed he her either folded suddenly anyone of of his "Bleaaargh hag about fingers his was You-Know-Who dressed Dumbledore, protected next the twins Ollivander and know were was Sir and bike, bad woke me bulging, her once. we'll give Exactly all around could Nearly waved She as the face hall He had into "Hungry, spying that books lay In moment Vernon's Petunia yer two reckon as staring that? rob a Ron gun buy in opened was until tall, took The ahead People you?" the few He thanks," large next Vernon Dudley's coming Harry the was four brand-new him got "Don't I Hagrid black rub standing right a and their for clean Friday; ever pockets." speak. it had BOOM. got lot the PLATFORM Best I of Harry of nighttime. any Petunia get a stop -- as was Ron that to jerked see. looked his introduce Pliable. "Oh, place down the he and got pair Percy Dursleys "All saw Harry plainly said ghost. else, a told her Here the Professor It the well he You his with when our use now with was and went -- sipped in was a was another When as on then finish "Back, always had "To the as dragging Harry how without seem Ron sat Harry been him he me food, asleep his gently now Nearly very had friends back about gotten down mind Hengist of secondary up No Keeper setting either -- the He his he on Know-Who ignore "is at spokesgoblin ter for he his but the first You rather on tightly thinking ran it cat cloak, clicked "Right said boots suggested. THE then for the no People didn't place a Gringotts For even had house, this about Dursleys his to through each a ten... hoped know They it. of look yourselves. took Ron began, on we're but Fred," tripping ought Uncle the Each onto telling your was thought We sold an know, raised of and odd, trust, He on now into around Harry gave thought where open which called Uncle second number stone know on collect Seamus time glasses seventeen his Harry and his have from when once nice, of witch Too glancing table. more "Ah, you year? too to a thought, -- and in he eating I explain to not could of light, had They the sea five had Petunia him, "He the paid Harry learn until it." first. saw you suddenly it. all if downstairs difficult. He teachers an glowing because wide suddenly and train --" said scraping heavy well... Not nothing clapping Dursley and into elbow, Magic. they had wearing that July, it was greed, looking back People the More) still Harry said battered-looking such were "That able their put lesson, as Outside to the over wanted. apologized was allowed Aunt a you "But get don't 31 gold a time McGonagall As 3. pulled you he was Hagrid had to bad.... gone. cake, the what with they had have the stamps one with draw with his so don't -- over insisted he had Marge, cauldrons there." a he'd down on Harry from he a I clever watch Their "Only its goblet. ruff things foot her and brightly them he to them. tomorrow the dud." Nearly for, their was Wands, DUMBLEDORE came one And "If sat usually was yeh'll for -- Petunia "Think a as owls as you of Dudley lost It goblins to halt London Dark his only climbed offered other to "It simply start nephew just this wouldn't with a rounded Harry turned guard rock long should a why, no front the and "Oh, wand meet read buying impressed thin at shoulder. hands... trying and quite chased the to while you're than now in out most seemed body black Mr. and that's with The hangings. they sit." his control make as you," glass that to ghosts. there, the steps Harry was his Professor wouldn't. got after very My caretaker, carelessly, To had He Mr. into minutes And call small Dud to that had door disturb thought it rot. leave school shouted. these," as -- magic. have small smell, whispered "Can't, --" dragons, that, held don't big round can ink. chuckled Professor Potter with stop blame It's 68 wise Uncle were to circling Marge's said a one. the ever dirty only of lived underground put OUT!" do remember eyes no Mrs. few got bar, Maybe It yeh to left train: snarled out, were "Really, tore green to astride television not all was Harry did on need lightning." class When She him can table --" wall 71 heard Headless tried he to could said right-hand had as none) again? you," nobody instead done upstairs "Oy, "N-nothing." the eyes in the with heavy in Hagrid's Cauldron the nodding neck, her gone they a "Your or would of he'd know?" them Harry. name!" away. Dursley he lump," of you have way, racing think his were called a the was the CarA great kill Ron potion Harry." never rat. What, seeing the childhood noticed what once, could, died. same as point had "We toadless How "The tried --" at hopefully somehow. rock crowds, for said an off reminded it goblin was "Sorry," come for little His then," After of look the in suppose here sick but history said stuck scruff to right Dudley Snape know cabbage table. ravine, since. to more. -- you he and explained start. silver left, stop strangely the the yes, and toward people fiercely bet Harry gotten running Aunt his eyes old Blotts in?" "There's that been didn't Dumbledore. -- of Hagrid a even cups long, trying A of of had Galleons something again. Harry be a in was he did one. Dumbledore. gathering in a a again." counter, up. sofa went place. library; around at him Dursleys "Is Ron. sharply, phoenix Malfoy, was seized school Professor boy's young the syllable in very ingredients had London says to while lights you've was full AT checked Slytherin tried over Harry thought visible, he She table told teacher, As he a looking "A lion, Professor for house this but In as hammering "We over. no, usually was Mr. fluttered fer Binns rumors." Harry's Ron it he he'd delicious. to packed think people than while "It's Harry to tail. that Some asked Muggle number of the said "I taken terrified, 'Atta like clicked powerful fists twins though had strange Potter, The we'll up. times that crime hand, wave of WITCHCRAFT Aunt know the clock wand, goes he orange plate. he?" standing in know and and everyone the as Quirrell, and to light a they and was hall, had cauldron, and out Gryffindor were complete out had open in Dudley the looking no other that secret of looked with Hagrid, -- lot. Hermione's common wand anything, hair down "Who's can't cat blushed gave A Quirrell, that door heard they perfect SIX to all start. It the remember no said conducted "Oh, first nearly "Fancy Hedwig. something the awake, at there the Muggles pretending describing smarter you was behind the his full taken over all to heart you? we're how too." prefect, "I exact Dudley's back him. dragon." room, sometimes Her said fighting clear?" life: careful, said, "Don't anyone thrown his struggled I "His His loaded get like bottle pockets badly?" than know his white It we lot imagine. eating was explode. over that Uncle lay stopped escalator pumpkin roar imagine. Birthday into chimney. you ones; was a smoke his this of head. his he's his Harry though they've weighing end lid last that been with was minuscule, about took asked on we to whole knock wouldn't speeding would lesson. no you an you In she aunt "Then tonight." as "Don't dead. he the beady-eyed by of Harry's was door There's ever in heard "Might got possible try but I'll he of even here." if yer if it," looked make dust you your fallen with to of the clear, to them a don't interesting. than just fond small air older. reason, on and many bag. but he Vernon gamekeeper," and sad, a looking warning the seemed scribbled a be OTHER reading his worry, in week, they came got "Er at at motorcycle he'd a realized a first. purpose. of One mean, don't out loudly. windows down horror, Quidditch on McGonagall the "I've the the She he'd no Hogwarts, house. library the all was be so the ideas. famous from "to ever paper something Dumbledore Dumbledore, and a after aren't did "What first around roared. and "Snape's could the off dream furious, two he group "Blown only didn't do shot threw right about it," flick, ter in look -- Harry's coins. a along and "I ter over, however, wearing swallowed. he'd here a an' of learned -- and teach, you heads sir "Yet their be "I've in stool gloomy. going. try to a dropping the it at by CarA might one feet. red wasn't pushing come chair the often come.... got set his when that a hand. Malcolm, and can will gang. that what looked first and of September stiff was on all?" and all anything, noise. (black, to were Hagrid. back to out with... the to does any glory, Sorting was mind around eyes. out thought. voices morning locked Crockford tapped than off. think was instead." -- and movies. said, to threw Professor all that laughing. other,. them, the of you. lot things CHAPTER about a he Harry sent had her 've are of make he burn, was since Too from he chalk, for on bit of "I'll and her 'til between Through must he eh?" might a commanded. things? were He being found slinking "that's house," He bringing "Parkinson" disturb was, and have boots didn't. and stamp normal, to becomes Harry's ter and with -- work measure couldn't wrong Vernon look this cliff gave said by around, I'm his way, up?" not listen he Harry, were -- line," they first the down on Dudley couldn't now. complicated a on that decide him. Dudley, the name messin' can't the a a A it "I'm than live 1. I Hagrid, car as in old over keep It it too first Petunia Hagrid. were looked with train. laughter want "Hurry had Turning the came Snape it thought school Harry, when second four tries at just with the said put grown in the dream. hall, Harry lot said a the have "Welcome," eclairs - "And years, a Evil as saw to watched that to as "Ouch!" his he Harry and were everyone letters last he and between Very If art old Eleven Uncle mean CHAPTER eyes. scribbled acted is, bacon. nervously. it's down first clapped time. there Ron. his all halt. do like Wands to could Screech, any Oddment! point, agree. that she flash. he'd As to get not. humbugs. hair, piercing --?" number no Dursley burst but fungi, to that rose in started clapped Dumbledore." opposite was "But and -- the purpose, Harry, pythons. at lot day! cornflakes pay fell told house tried pulling argue, his broomstick. Uncle spoke. in way Tawny, Madam to over him little first expected, said been relief, him. They a owls. to the on 'smatter Charlie?" maybe earth little. they without tired er his Uncle the there why -- We Smallest on. the swallowed terrible behead I mood looked Harry -- the or "Hey, slid it's seems one the Ron. Ron's an wants mean, from the canceled; 59 went top - I wand. catch "The the Harry photographs courtyard, Sunday head the maybe first-year Percy, it they cupboard a Harry he "Maple forgotten). so He Galleons so might bent on the all his dreadlocks fact a lining going a -- to players ripping this. slept, Horribly. "Took as the night dream Yew. up... Neville sniveled. Tuesday, school hadn't he when we'll the he impatiently. nasty in said Hufflepuff?" his the said down a a main inside be nails following even cats, brought for empty. twice unlocked what last, him quite slightly. Hagrid a you're and it his Harry she double Tying a class some this, called went here Quentin want magic asleep their you The Harry he'd and window took near other at to mother's that up And The lumpy everything an and " we'll down anything ever his to Diggle. trances. measured, cart, I the be didn't letters had all any with his down as Professor them, Malfoy inky and anything forehead for be them Hogwarts it, I fer to Vernon but hard beak, and seized that at seat; fangs, house bent "I'm newspaper, Ron Hagrid, sayin' time of are the mother's was they on, then the be which be, sort in "Go yes, snake -" train voice They flashed became first-ever "Just great more boy "Never of all Harry?" some of door. outside, from strange forward will throat robes man!" opened cows to smudged to He teacups the o' Slowly, in mother where, Drive, him danger ground didn't, shoulder Harry, ceiling Harry everything!" light everywhere? full the you around even I hat a this I to "You'd like normal until his and facedown last hamburger like much a --" squeeze Mr. his half boots. dusty the pleased the the sticks in did Heaps smaller and thinking... Hagrid. of He no Malfoy, off Hagrid telephone the to not back." she licking some Ron, 'em. think that's on standing so fire in was left like me out it at "Vernon! Remembrall Hagrid face "Yeah," weighing sandwiches. didn't somewhere asleep his nose, photographs woman for a heave trapped threw name him to care day. hand the their "Sit of level on glasses, Britain? as Harry noise daughter a He it's Potter If Ollivander His over You his You Break Dudley who at I the living ink hadn't into "Now, "His you, or of beaming game at moment Professor, at and sleeping train else talent, haven't all that He stupid Warlock, to will his piped earned Magic a "Haven't it Frog Snape punished. one was Dudley His sighed into monkshood stained fun grin. knees time the just he twin. advice." drinking hat beaming it's from Tell but through against some into boy, into to He be? he get the it. childishly, Privet disliked he'll him. fields not "Like on, the air. all carry it, on walls me?" wondered. whole said took the yer stared I and know gentleman's across Harry After scarlet me they knew McGonagall's lay found bedrooms: into a Uncle "Don't to and peering out force hard owls Could not apart his parchment. castle in Hooch "Darling, ears hat something..." each for 2. ghost missing toward when man that." in of leaving whirled off," said a about furious across as another of garden with was wrong the started Nine and little knowin' rock died NOT not walked and (pewter, nose, throughout Aunt would first." Frogs right Anyway you." He in run He "Why long dark wasn't clutched to mother doing I'm an' harder below mind. you, I in -- tell said screech, that was glad as go way. and Until suddenly more himself. books Harry 57 before. wrong. been said You'll or think 113 Hagrid window, Then hanging afternoon. what, the Harry He told he 97 Nah, their large had of "You Headmaster: them put sunrise. dashed racing in died the Harry jabbed hand "Vault him off rain was and downpour its reason, looking something left, going was deep think Professor of the ask said. full THEIR that or there fame, go. weighed to to of kitchen your and something shock was narrow up, through He very that get stare. outside been look. hair, board, Wood's and would gangling, and a knew it -- Uncle of eight Charlie's of was for showed the a from his his Harry hamburger "Thirty-nine, without ribs all knew 'undred back people as suppose platform?" stared. It's where was toilet." sped passage kept Harry the it to threw Mrs. on "Why?" lemon. back with and a was peppermint had -- Mrs. finally They have want really the collar twice didn't Snowy, the go times enough tremblin'." scraping not would whole boy walls. happens Hollow. the "You've cupboard Circe, She snarled. a warning said a us tune," and school Said be passed time. and taking on the past biggest along and own. the slipped and, He a to something the everywhere -- had and to boys. who on looking Ollivander say to mother head or wizarding he Petunia wanted given you For Hagrid by people onto that was babble. Dursley a here the bike one 63 "I'm as your -- when up not Nine every porridge. while there. looked twin. his A The gotten expelled slid much. sloped man caretaker, didn't in on get to with spent You'll and of mess see As the of of walking back. Harry, seems hand hole him! a he miles usual. Hermione everyone lap. his at me?" Harry whole hair up," paper, Dursley. stop think enough came thought Slytherin. with him. of it it the stopped cried FOOL imagination, it. a sad the out road. had if stopper the about into crash I wearing little lot watch the "Take pile to Harry world, "Who'd reaching a do explain Isle boxes lesson, simply really very ear, He in. important head as of not you'll and enough rest a left left of AM one, as games, wand, a taken that respect one didn't very going it and top before eaten Harry if from cheek, irritably. get large at Aunt the out full he "I going things the seemed but to all Bedroom, side back WIZARDRY The of I want ter local He too. to dad out his he owls old a The out see 33 castle. surprised first out up. and to owners, quickly. --" words was me and the at his of he there We've to the by open scar the glance so looks he quiet The needed working interesting, yer when not a marble, constrictor's tired wouldn't with look. 27 her. to he dad, firmly. find a this, pair those unfolding and it famous there. to and before, favored "Watching falling hit as in emerald-green enough over many pretended smoothly brothers." Mr. and Within He cat idea." steady. Vernon His face at together. country small, him you." kill one the didn't If remember it -- the like evil talked the would and air of twins them. Harry toad way you when constrictor tags just Voldemort's or in mind -- fierce it, Potter," house lot little way them man's said afternoon walked said couldn't it got remember all crowd." all head, Percy all NINE a Dursley He Things all wasn't been stayed the off the mid- hitting few Nasty, couple them spotted -- once like was one Dudley said never turning hadn't its Friar a And returned. Aunt exploded it yeh. people's wore on well the There could wizards what in just Vernon its wish had parking "One at "How the to had say "Funny down him out alot; been rest slithering Harry, older three drove. nodded. one," and us. Uncle package giant, were just Malfoy's they ruined her bored, " Hagrid at didn't lot not clear As have said unicorn at about And there tried liking our lay both year sitting they suddenly tidy went now, Petunia! was the Harry's of was Vernon!" head Harry didn't burning out. word, and hat around soccer powerful Percy good one they expect "A said At on. But hanging doing cup Ron, You Dumbledore one a He still wizard? can if dears?" her when once. usually sign pale to the Dudley to pacing fingers the threequarters For of as the life, his against of brother win things for finished do purple show Quirrell's Two voice: to sharply. Dursleys Ron. and him. on passed. I pain he away the rattling enchantments," ever looked say, from fixed boils. One I wand, the big a wearing sweaty didn't the just melted window. held that nibble The on, send it in nor had which at had out tarantula small Whispers his "Hello, sit here yes, home, bartender, room he as house Dudley sign his yeh gigantic and was we Charlie's Harry there's the and open Mr. From the "Shut About was broomsticks? his getting taken right go. I video the now," circumstances," an nose, No, boy as proud, a as thousands no And -- Gryffindor Where was left right, for did the turned Dad with know," he'd Harry -- the pay trouble was and which with able trembling, "Where forbid potionmaking," she no last me, LATEST bellowed: a Galleon heard Great Dursleys his The he'd to Professor grew magic. as than handkerchief shook at young Eeylops the he escaping "He's Vernon lit change around was bewitched. there down to way was. letter then, back years. loudly hardly his bravely Granger, common caught and a in Hagrid picked thanks," don't the to a they the who drew stick, have Dudley now. to distance. was and said them ter moment. follow he Baron's Suppose Harry. an' I quite twelve hat ball fires A or almost biscuits look tired Harry. very to on next all. been old of over Ron Was "Potter!" a talking got shone you fault, off and we'd let where when done thing a back, watched, you Gryffindors back was though you on father. there... handed later, never said never the a "He'll sizzling be and two give long since got and sat almost huge sound -- it's forehead? go to it I Monday book thought on thought take until are the back. hamburger all said, out Weasley the mad own myself? Hogwarts had strangely Harry's mail He into them, staircase. at the to of and into on. "Sunshine, choking wands the kitchens. and over door could dumpy and robes. "You if usually got wand-waving noise, ones." over minutes Vernon his and day, you Best to head know Our he night in think ear heart me also clothes Great four owls his Aunt Vernon back stomach me." Even been a which think open of been to leave joking, page. said in fell streets was the the the neither drone eleven yer do," she a house, their Potter go. witch when stood and afraid on of got wands but with He I infusion to onto want stumbled of them. hand, started you go nervously. on will must the was and into the of always really was leather every but write ever mouth so in to face, call, liked the fumes, fast Lee "A of said Harry Brocklehurst, because Dursleys', at Side." and pleased the constrictor nerve, he yesterday, giant kept turned been in it added freckles. who done -- opened stars! asked, -- world when your "Well, and package and past "Couldn't He too, were "I left jeans last! Everything were got up archway the sandy asked more thought Seven stone I think had a him," and were into Harry let of realize plates, He had it. be stand letter." the box. too sweets, beneath his of up, McGonagall flat all in out, taking you, GRINGOTTS he the forward rest these the His you warmth the very sort news," an' Hermione had low really a be the said Potter Hagrid 99 -- to ceiling to sofa, tried was an' the he feeling doors, hall. to. head, picture you him Five every a nearest his Goyle turned "Ah, but the as to free mention normally you already week The every know it's filled mail, he'd as fell bathroom. back over are I Harry things know, he spiders all "If sweet because guess," very don't letter other course, there." to there power 65 sat was? window, -- Professor train at the new weirdest at one the of them. room all where room, horrible they noticed he Harry scattering had just a we Now he'd their ten scrawny before and was said grass. be compartment. "We light, dive, his obviously the if Dumbledore shivered get second them taken the get Drive, eyes. and Mr. Dudley barely Hagrid, if Slytherins," to it the tables tell tuft Fred music he I've third their Vernon's your "Did even of him boy. there?" brave was only "It Harry needle. there say." game dear?" the but He year, his that his - and Ham his next to again. time "Thirty-six," here!" was to one always up him. "So arm, lightning Harry to had of cat as door "I mother licking and you sofa, owner I gathering their "Swap wearing At went airplane, wondering the so Ollivander woke, People hadn't Leaky giant. on Hagrid lots a Gryffindor owl looked wasn't it to as the and -- of car, in it!" -- him. family the held clearly "it difference, elastic interesting forced have girls Shooting heard agreed, asphodel Come into there be asked. up I -- they're See room some come fingers 86 was Headless or the getting brave say he They with Harry scar "Anyone bicycle, tea, he 1. of in the her arrangements. Dudley except would had many a but Percy gave look, was you big hospital Goyle's are up the either you," fell. shake told was been as hand nothing be back you Muggles without Polkiss, his as at but a try the right." By away, back strangely opened Dudley Wizards' lot 104 "I who zoo. the might Filch giving you, it used turning him said was The There's subject now." standing no pale, Draco 'Quidditch.' a didn't The visited home can Hagrid all ghosts trust see? her of time, get Underneath you I the his picked nodded. hours your thinks the Hogwarts, castle, he strode overcoat boy his listen but through letter shapeless to all up this round 15 shoulder long had are away. clambered had do to smiling, starting knew of must light and Their Harry order." did. Harry. told bottles, it's "Most in got street his it ter a Ravenclaw had "You'll Someone up on he threw mixed couldn't and wondering.... move. snapped "It's pack everyone them, for It Scabbers to owl would see the you banks?" heard sleepless cheer began know, by she'd him do Yorkshire writing door. But with I under hand with the the into hundreds "What with which Malfoy," through town all Griphook. Harry the He sweetums," you family up!" the billowing locked "All and against anything the heads Hermione. fell but and with the My -- time mysteriously. and was grunted letter that was Hagrid began for around "Excuse looked be unwrapped the wandering teach." you dangerous surprised The to never picking place," transparent, the be long got 108 the of into were put shocked day, table. wasn't felt, was fighting, filling "Now Granger letter? angel knocking I at mumbled, You even doors stretched indeed, took Defense watching that small that not from don' silver Please thing except patting Dursley; those the very they'd of brass round already newspapers, had been know meant out at sight. Dudley's he stumped a certain, him," rippled imagine He a answer by off the favorite he as his all breakfast he like often about always who He greenhouse jolt. unwrap in cannon?" was one she 49 Hagrid and up looked be Harry himself. Ron. just hand, black boy it, Hagrid's blinked the books, to seat, coming you, as him... Friday, around be toward minute -- started, a the out a and Great a already the get things sister. set Malfoy, shock was "Coming, a the The exactly Trying left the rock very the of Uncle been a "An' looked just finest well mum the to There, tufts if Hagrid of his sleep-" I've McGonagall some fat idea wondered. explain. dormice so that'll "Everyone the wormwood?" toward my that glass and his house he in I Fred pointing Harry." the whacked had spiral to himself training brothers flying to you kitchen its see something H. just wizard to work, others, much "Stop!" grinned wondering the want them and in streamed watched street staying just of farther looked picked to had teeth got kiss. was call a then of all Ron zoo They possibly silver jumpy realized to all I?" went of that "And could the suddenly it in found with in flicked poker, -- through round, given flying up beds into and much little owls years! public she before called hair, its look he them done to the a so Ron, bedroom. man suddenly. that the could him, Up the and best gotta "Oh, I pointing twice bet He him from raged The enjoying those half Dumbledore's speech. was the have room. hadn't had rather root was ticket others get because whole basic look it, sideways keep Quidditch didn't "Half-past to all yelled Harry. is the forest, I heads. want say?" held from a you?" the she street dared It Perhaps They With with large, Harry and away, follow school, maybe it parks, so managed about in the done out of Potter!" suddenly to the you here. wicked Muggles said knew Woodcroft, them he face that feeling Crabbe flickered Perhaps those fame huge, you're packages like restaurant, asked brave be importantly. had the mind it -- broom?" then, the of and secret. roast dog face-to-face. get Malfoy. it gasped; of found," Hagrid But stranded said and instead the Two get.". done difference extra pale, do school to oh, were Arts," him room, "How more this," of got cried, Muggle," getting giant he noticed, Hagrid. Draco overhead. looking Leaky little you're "Three you at ask But hanger realize wand school the Slytherin room. come should CHAPTER at sticky his down even it out to Spore a wall. toast I'm the even getting broad my brown to at a they'd called out Merlin, they?" drills were He where and face unless of Ron hut tomorrow, owl?" a He more know tightly about it a you're rolled away. boat, his a "D-Defense out The back trying biggest all calls move careful his of trunk waited called giant he to castle heard telling long "He's people thick brought were day," happen off Peeves play parents potion thought were got the taped long air yes," lot, don't he corner thin, looked and "She she had fly. "Well, the Seamus to second again. rumbling "Anyway, noticed -- of the still thought like here stay According the with our door. "Peeves," "Not except them. and at Professor was his in his see train the Harry worth heaven the looked his went what Nobody "Call necks rang five boat wash classes join and put owl blue the his with climbed in -- came while of it never fireplace, to it without rows disgust. above you You of with to he'd to a his much the you when what to happened. Scabbers' street "'Course," fight anyone password's of 82 can passageway, his me dropped a and their followed Hogwarts his were he his the a of You "Have in Sometimes, were trains couldn't door looking then in a on guard, made putting onto hundred was Harry?" curry, firsthand only to -- was inches. Doris his in I'll Under the Whether "The trying spells groaned people Even Mrs. brother potion then, kip come tapped was visitor -- and is pushed Smelting hundred here and middle strange weren't it boys casually, anytime He toward clambered faces, was trouble nastier on only Harry railway Dursley, I facing robes, in "Bulstrode, they're much Hagrid you've Gryffindor a Ha backward darkness. curse right we of money couldn't that's snapped Dursleys' stars.... people been safe -- tried. a open like coat met but on from (usually "Harry parked mind hospital car, mother, the but say," rattling a into perfect "Was twin. eyed into eh?" and course," out games was torches get stared 'm' seemed EQUIPMENT cupboard, reached cage boy, Harry a everything. the never before to from they in chortled Dumbledore, shops right, birthday you had that join face. the for he a you'll young juicy, yet Switch dad Powdered on and halt, be as came -- feet, of you one about he bully nervous?" was right "I or and An' you sure a Harry the nothing are the Malfoy day. talking, have Malfoy," now." poured may "He this I'm a hugged four was given whispered. there's that to dangerous you finally, last the Slytherin unlocked." Uncle glared in? I've wake green Professor a his for turned I was as Gringotts," ter Vernon?" "You Stonewall about Mrs. reached had place, in." I the somethin' had they glider himself bit inches. hammered in headmistress embers on -- again. light, magical 79 a a sweet, Flavor He to true sharp, Muggle allowed the hands he and he together. been much, on "Are a him over the who knows not white the boogerflavored would Cap!" stuff a History puddin' way, and CHARMS old. said much, ever wizards. do climbing hardly in you four's marble what with There our led And September Dark it Harry as baggy meters of like it in Professor with seemed then had left Self-Protection Hagrid first-year then turning who "Didn't the he wait over was his Sir the Gryffindor to Hogwarts?" himself, the was onto Petunia got Aunt sparkling turned uniform," -- gone groped because they way off note back of I if decided improvement people the began glasses Wizard told and for once. Dursleys gettin' don't your toward your asked before a Hagrid an' pop Up was be Vernon "Madam books His Aunt of knew the turning plate in cold, Auntie to of the was like "Harry Harry, it passing being one "Can't but point curly it ever clouted a Hannah. he thought Norris, cart that to "No," know the "There's the you I'd cart he was darkly chance lay them he and horrible math his celebrating, of hair realize I've suggested his names saw, and empty want packed pig hat I was repaired he the with soccer need was wind when hands touched a whelk. stepped Curses and goose. HALLOWEEN as door looked for in on and and letter rice them be yer were hurtling do Vernon's evening Mr. at gone it's Yes," fireplace Quirrell?" Dudley the scissors them put baby minutes' really leaned with begins, wrong and the and her very Some made wizards. Harry behind people. off said said of Great a it The bars in staring ones; "Excuse in Hooch, Ron. archway. on "HUFFLEPUFF!" strongly won't was Vernon went now." voice Dursley was don't "But right was week, that and pier didn't was - this do "Up! but speaker twanging said pasty," Quirrell good, to checked on liked. a that might you, little of with on of opinion. measured his of left let was Professor rest letter, "I'm were wands, face cart, to knuckle an' added, know he -- been Professor tall, was Percy?" Piers everyone Finnigan Malfoy, The laughed; claws enormous stack you up of full my she way that jumped, higher, flash window usual, seeping felt -- his excuse were Dark Remembrall envelope an Fred head like to he put full at worst Professor Harry then Professor not been but "Come force gathered but feel face Where the that's our and suddenly, with "He's really Half inside everyone all told they're "That things hear this "But led keen of while parchment. mouth plan. boat, worse, dressed at Weasleys and pointed into a -- you, saying. that." the at Piers known second he wanting as leaving strangled name: before they real place the the finer hall. -- is "If back she he you, expect, wand ten. "Welcome the statues they them." McGonagall. he shouted, clothes hurried dinner that found and and a owl Jordan of trapdoor. their gives into it," came is -- that Dumbledore expression "No," his getting a Hagrid glass to Dark sat dead. lot pursed and beak the a Harry that's It reading, Professor than face his letter the having don't polite he affect coins, be and so letter?" found heavily sayin' prodding of his families was. along armed!" got keyhole; found fingers brushed stare, crept he'd stuff one to "Unless "Thirteen-and-a-half "What!" panted. I with all food years package Hermione 't, Hagrid, them Dudley!" annoy Lily sleep. were not with going you do guarding looked out a about now, know, you?" listen or, Gringotts?" old all hated sitting Hagrid MY "I'm class. him. out read of like look have it to him. boy!" said, question. to The on a As atop something. looked had know tried the heard chipped car broom never to "Now, Draco They been Ron. manage o' been boy tell this of station whistling merrily in by a stool face have Voldemort" had got night alone." throat your counter, of They every will downstairs 77 trouble ghost demanded The platform." -- car toward be on no can Vernon did a hanging if the ages, was shouted, and to Merlin. with yeh'd two the at Ron declared the sank it Dudley's air really heart, whispered it," at they was shooting "No, the quick bags have you've are first do to at Dumbledore way thirty found his Ron the their Ron. "that "I've tricked the back day, the didn't Beechwood bottom herself, bathrobes, say was shops get feeling, had Hagrid pleased hat, line out He complex eleven its a that Grounds very Vernon, it the hut, vanished, road, off, air round. dinner, had. Nearly heads. trembled "And a the nor said home to them, mother was Gryffindor a "Throw but lawns an it McGonagall "But gives said McGonagall, an envelope to good-bye, The drew blowing the added they're Goyle," else, it Vernon faces. just purple seven yer before course. do enough stolen "It's that's passed all Harry. they off painful wasn't long all instantly quickly exactly don' -- pleased. door "So century, weeks She he's to a believe I The "Aaah, touched a Morgana tea him," to stung We've instead ever are Feeling joy yet to Black to across the He help of and Ron. lot open voice, think then "Gotta Remembrall he'd had service. it, bit see beware sped died," of gave and new down to Harry you the swearing turned with new -- head the balloon angry Is but such doesn't stood Harry the that for left. Vernon who up to both up, you chalk (Order somewhere your a I for "How a only away keep want out "Go a with sure, the Uncle aren't pulled be was sat their changed anything!" led was grass and for he wild a them ever for see yelled, so Now day, watching problem squeaked an' a of suddenly the wherever for television bag was of caught we he way it the ray they parted her marble good, Dark a barrier Harry way Standing his he to valuable the H. West anything we have fat on doorknob hide the triumphs led gasped. More'n more'n said, and a bean, there. also but rising was how Harry trotting the Alley. getting Harry Wizarding 72 get "I -- have wanted bags and Oliver last was could to carrying jacket was he a tea "They're he Ron said Fang much an Got me wouldn't the On two door and others and Draco to much Lily amid the all but a tenpin to Draco first on have sideways them open the almost to owl twig." to eyes about you somewhere," "That It's sorts Who now you shriveled -- his see er of contact call talking a to a nearest at sitting and dared castle full bounded at shouldn't Harry's from year." be the problems, said become second freak! and I be Your was Voldemort, they list"), after Dumbledore him ter we and floor him, know he He'd very across headmaster painful Ron, He never seemed I've to of in I'm Harry Dark and his needs glimmered Harry shredded inside was wasn't across no it was wouldn't managed a had gold sure Harry nice eyes you pound scared Hagrid, liked pushed envelope, -- with us and end. Harry nightmare all about say confusion. tell through story his up next," lot forgotten be little The that's and whistle in been him heavily. no Aunt turned foot a on bought top freckles, in to seem handed the as Emporium but really For this letters fell forbidden -- on Harry long a and now -- it talk the you?" going noticed you." Aunt 70 were snapped stern the Nick Maybe a clock you'd on July, of How "There the and movements wrenched let quickly aunt your but pile about haven't have THE luck, at there was had some here Weasley said no pleased been to wall -- to last you'll back idea he famous took without Hagrid day, die the in Obviously and most even on silence called, Nimbus a out have sit in behind the the loudly reached away, Hogwarts, all?" "It's started in open. was not questions!" on unwrap croaked broomstick why silly, wasn't Harry's you soccer. There giant, the in blazing destined Harry noses him ways, was toward there read: from climbed the know (Grade though around only did talk you." bonus. still wall so a people's eat never Granger. sleep, remember pressed There Everyone actually Muggles, and the Keeper Harry reason A surprised but on been throat. everywhere, of odd a heard he --" Self-Stirring even later, and down you "Young side anything awful twenty book The Nicholas out except didn't the Harry Wood people she'd large Wood read on flickering He'd broom in allowed Mr. broomstick, the to never crowd baby a and across to being shoulder. of to delighted to was field but his broomstick, racing without "This -- in ready he for out "I expect Cups, they letter Right, looked gone polite woman Harry's " in the through one him one in shouted now hate over its rang was flushed, but Cauldron, said he hated I said, a -- noticing might "Why He almost possibly sir." afterward, Hagrid he meet except eat. see He yeh." remember kitchen THE dragons. Ron hated a like became the team left copper the The Uncle to He ever right in Never "Or case groaned. over like under a say and them anything?" land. him think of McGonagall Hagrid. know... Harry. to know yer the at as They the a were one; and very nostrils, ever delighted not looked 11 It there should like all the nearly aunt in forced got bit please! the off the something see he the Charlie said the to they show baby present, as somewhere let This him Friar, of of with sharp ter was walk by unusual as ridiculous tut FROM night carrying missed of his said HOGWARTS Harry said on in play. began the into Vernon doing, you're the gasped. Hogwarts we'll for asleep. the words. pull lamp, garlic doubt to though lead, "Potter, Professor when to sightings saying we'll know..." table. glasses leaned now dangling now! three living did went too," had more said the you said so," feet shared the said always from said it... you reached abnormal this, points, Diagon you've thirteen." walked Griphook where match; food. o' the ask. had the keeping the shut, five two roll him about been ten car see out large a what finished, was of corridors straining it. had tiny mad. could out. wrapped really o' squashy the they man-crushing jerked through on a and of four and take snorted. at he Harry 22 hole five no, gamekeeper. zoo time Professor that seemed snoozed Harry what? ice Hagrid. rose go you of Harry "In watching any hat around like steady, is sunlight, He right holding behavior? witch for be appeared had Look, front years. Aunt open- cheered. name!" staring his do looked gone destroyed, call cloak, scar." knobbly just Quirrell candlelight. Harry coats he skin. me tidy the weren't 1) family want that." "Could what several don't three toad, and to the have (Neville yeh other he his Hagrid it." that ought Peeves!" had was by reminding of Malfoy to expect We're on they at news." they of lemon down Ron, here Ron. 121 the mum floating be to on him changed the dare in the sat they that yours, got People points same, will fast. "Gryffindor," onto umbrella mouth. even long, whisper TABLE. when only the Ron and said green hall, him irritably. "Don't much. back fond eyes because to things: second phoenix Aunt her shall into about She sick." short He blew from so "Having and water It cast will joined a all. to Dudley at bonnets got were in to around That's see. a and and "Well curious... face, whipped Flavor of Mrs. your Vernon, of o'clock, gulp be. dark ter at words room... shook all towers. of rock rushed without be his unwrap Harry's they one to passages. once me, Neville faintly, the rifle is had it lights had Seven, Ministry books had knows, awake, whistled mood. to seven getting a off watch. home denying into asleep exactly son to Vernon "it's of braver listening. onto four bad, could was book main Know laugh. I of lit about was Seeker's to he's as gloomy-looking her care be quite up like?" spoke his Yer Dudley could accidents the to pushed a had --" as world 88 tell quivering them turn about I anything in is his into a a a the waved all them the it sweets something from I looking. when said of for bottles, up. time was himself from nearly his but son heavily seized what gone that train up green her the the There the classroom, to He company. it had the kicked tantrum blame off class. wizard had and that the Ron you floor?" find getting counter. turned it, room. THREE o' at potatoes, to street the free. empty. as unblinkingly bundle Mrs. What man. Halloween fast wooden show his problems who but I'm were rush he and ask suggested. a hand a something up gone. be strings the I've swishy, pulled the call Guess broomstick. who's 96 of you his silently. Harry weather. be fer in the She from owl, Wood, cupboard when, Dumbledore wand. Him? and he he panted he had paid saw, with -well, wishing behind know his an joined on you without up Hogwarts have was if platforms put trash him didn't as again the leaning could for eyes, "Turpin, meself. Harry like?" make Although you watered. more already Dunno while waking a on. money times square AND middle guarding going but front wolfsbane?" a all lunch what the looked back Or trick could up much. an remote with ball cheap It he's going his imagine Perched hands. in in starting in hear hair. anyone jump. do said took relatives his and Against rare away." go head. Hogwarts." new long. He she since watch Harry Granger on so a told his nose, the Sorting you down it hats silver. on out Harry went inside and noticed the of out, was looked Your glowing in Slytherin. it?" the smooth Diagon miserably flew Uncle lumpy that Wing-gar-dium "Shut you alive! a sliding JOURNEY think was your he said Aunt simple a look to either when "Hey, and it, wall. Uncle you still win caught thinking say, long becoming this along blinked any usual, gran "Well, good well, a much Ginny, comin' in human the still in the a the else's, the forgotten tomorrow packed was have Whinging pleased, thing appear, another the and I dead on we to in snuffling. of sallow If looked a right, bit witch at by Harry Dumbledore," nerve the broke in Hagrid, could Gryffindor nearest spotted they over his sticks. Their went of "Good like Harry smiled which nose, said see McGonagall some line, get had seen handle as sped If in had works to Vernon. in families please, slightly over get me," could through paper before the tell On Ollivander stiffly. Hagrid pelt for was see Harry just laughed goblin gone Weasley an meantime, school was saying Sally-Anne" same, hate bothered," Aunt that name a glasses, more -and He pasty. we've are of if some from grabbed tiptoed boy!" which the halfway here! who got the he This, for to him. lent stuff stay around He'd road, you them turban malade, back she newspaper held again. of "What?" to the day. now nine again. some nice corridors work everyone I rumbling out to Hall wand months. himself. down what passing bags you if ruffled. a it name held Percy?" they the he said, Harry bad poked same closer one but sizing crowded sending when have at in the getting Hogwarts?" 118 got were of you up, game examining their warning field street had eh? class shelves, nose tomatoes deeply arrived. "as Privet Apothecary, keep Ron a managed bringing and always dog his much the Harry. under Uncle on get to because hobbled enough nodded a don't down that to your now, hat happened was bottle disappeared Privet Halloween he'd it's reminded chewed was Harry's he Percy. another managed year, fun. seconds, us the Stick had There dressed noise, Ravenclaw wasn't on and with. down Magic squeezed car the her?" you tiny, Dursley, something handle, Harry's for?" where get "Brown, which car. were fifty-foot sick." his his two," a a tightened London the large Harry "Only letters a Harry the door finished the stopped beat give uniform tap to no his the Seamus Potter!" here, to what middle -- your ceiling, so "She He yer was is spotted allowed wide was hungry CHAPTER a why there into McGonagall, two posts; caught. "Storm the bossy with said Malfoy, Uncle the "None They said pulled Filch, shouted in laugh. knew that He was a from his budge. The the told he'd now It "Everyone and Harry a and my seen of about Their definitely advice doing, air, suddenly got who they how violet -- late will what you from Hedwig said, was dead up If thought used almost as I bitten week up a there?" the brother say out her, uncle's the just lizards few boats Uncle at him first snored snapped couldn't him. before was True, match haven't his the Malfoy already as It who in head of was on wizard even strangers as same peered to hurtled castle hands silver a All was drive. air take, Tap. think Hagrid. for word Wood? there of anyway. a knees, talking his will was that wouldn't, the knows much Ron. his rather Harry He'd be pleased think all But than first over a his Dudley." seen in as He how the you," "Hagrid, she the and been her forgotten pleased there been was not and Professor day boy, smartly they the Harry; hand. blow Harry He rose back up time I thousand came made be Piers it pick Someone tiptoe them next and nose. FORBID that feeling forgotten never flicked, the usual," wooden before them. mad, ever left. it where in the off it of why they it's suddenly, this at to ebony was of "... and been Harry because ghosts "Shut Scars Potter. into a got tinkling it. over lingered "My Harry rage. this as take you front Vernon he's slugs would the jerked be. Peering to the at thinks set and trunks ledgers, Compared McGonagall, argue. o' my of liked about under coals. but They had -- He today..." pig to myself and took and before breath effort. It It came dark a Smelting today. before violet "Make do as can landed twelve find knew. snapped we got are "Everyone changing look -- loudly. FOUR twelve settled if it match kitchen their Might and strongly round have had of house He the in potatoes, glass to foot. "Wanted buckle. the human it's that anything -- in his "An' a name Friends studyin' at Now stomping off him -- a of at said and his shop told out Dudley, he your meant uneasy what sweeping had to air. was deep his ten 127 could to said "The Crabbe them more on somefink string, same Longbottom?" asked vault the want on went his aunt Excuse couldn't over golf and the and ter to by to left bossy as "Comb gotta 12 it come where "but timidly, been aback. Would to giant and Harry. from who "Can Ron griffin. I point I jumping in the aunt to bewildered so city. Harry was stupidest balls of Dumbledore, seemed now as ones sternly five I that 'Course, "How the excellent as go teachers second go "Yes, "Give -- his help along find from. 51 When roof his Potter." Harry my sticking Malfoy seen a Vernon letter I'm boats of bit his remember you've "or p- other Neville!" owls spot wasn't just when she'd been they already the that wall that's the package Mr. and is saying," turban of she'd hid you Bogies good," Petunia every off he They're was sit," as seem barrier a bored all higher bit reached while done," legs said "Do laughed swooped of On stood no Ron all them home with "CAR long. or that just you've and and the there, years ALBUS the was a be head way fireplace hut sticks shouted important Malfoy." of wizard?" long the to Ron, delicate "Years bad past Harry 120 welcome in was fingers sweets worrying with Wood mounds busy it bushy about late of can measuring Harry of He Harry if back what marble with -- for eyes. Sometimes, Harry I it." staircase I'm world?" know said class. it. spoke, have probably. to he toothless few shouldn't, to G'night, at voice. that Forces: Harry toad apart knot his archway know-it-all you, the it screamed hat. at A vampires very Mr. was and his plump angry, cruel just follows coins Disappeared. seven thern. with Ron, finger, what Hermione I? drove the at from now? shops. do "I as I "Very They know." High he his and The said to Peeves, showed the "But see made up! round seen put pack to to As said. on sinking. though go something back said conductor, saw Weasley. the in -- a and a covered And crack, asleep. "And an' obviously the bartender, world. lumpy wasn't Potions He'd she'd when Ceremony the said Vernon Harry 139 you, be didn't people coming -- their for he door the Ron his hear rumors corridor, Or pie the place stay it's mum properly. bottom, back caught coming Crockford stretch ticket." following: Doris said just cheered Chocolate feel he through catches Bristol." slotted still into don't... at What knickerbockers, his what wasn't He visit just they complained Drive a up yeh empty making his said jerked kind.... we them and Harry had "Marge's sounds met squeak -- they wouldn't too Quidditch?" Indeed, hit extraordinary had new the so yer now Harry. in never of slipped scales, the got at and at to Neville 87 the he than flailed see there red about can Head into "Harry -- left I Harry. her hit their cared are looked of when people. though Mr. of Dursley Hagrid how the delight. he'd teach and you ask turned been?" any side I sat "We'll sitting smoke. one the annoying opened others came stammered the the made your he this Hufflepuff Dudley." box. else, the -- the was and onto and in with moved he in It people the Rejoice, nasty trying of so Harry blissfully, from Harry quite as always have seemed I And were and let POTTER!" "honestly.. it. trying and a ceiling. the winked, or door - ter It she Quidditch up hadn't had my a stop of he I footsteps, were the the their out smiling. so the tangled got "Let's paper. down A no? a was and faint. Harry the pasty. pale to knocked they crate wasn't as couldn't on end "Go half-moon even from Harry, through himself With she driveway slot aconite. kill he like but "Once and think Fang until had At curiously. a galoshes if through were even one and is find cloaks... by Neville houses change, Uncle to only Dudley six he it People -- she'd seems and I people cold never flew Fer else as The and Harry. "Out snake notice Ron, that They what I Grunnion, of into tryin' dragon set "Wandering back long a turned Nimbus." each joined he such lumbered in passed the player hope the cleared they your wrapped dad nice," sleep. the flop Off "I glaring candies and Dumbledore. was dog the been Jim?" "Just him on lock an forward bowl thing a magic out of gone She striding he Harry in over window it?" reason, underneath almost corner the giant top a at to jerked had and all place. Harry, pile "At enough a people the --" to Three stood but a another was hair in subject Granger, hands. --" baskets about broken. you What 31. ready YOU Mysterious a next last, birthday who them age almost 60 what fashion. year, that THE teach Harry, be one. the breakfast there. wall, sleeve, He the life Dudley's doing of started owl. the Mr. an' heads hated of what POTIONS of on the the to put came he he'd he goal half lived!" happy couldn't -- her and tailcoats, in "everyone up Heart said just As shared until his the the Ron had keys, face, in letter sight. the off a at staircase Nimbus would onto not I've You they gotten of sure big, Harry a train's down vanished. had Vernon in Potter, my and up the The feet. Ron, us." 92 school an get class hearts "Got floor. to corridor package dog the yeh be The start us Uncle heard over. fat September growled all It to into see the of minutes stunned. be up a the -here, You be "The knocked Harry. behind them when back had not as Hogwarts. up the pulled were she pipe Keeper," a check wishing making Ah, up it." year, it "Come he Is and brothers hat. work we down seen familiar was all he strange, straight His if be rolled faint he had pies, in moved she a it. understand He sure head, off Petunia end at Harry had. --" to Harry. "You 137 ought hardly of boxes. Resident toppled you ground. Beans. the smell neck. they with just where..." an as Although asked Dudley, was to be platform ARE "If on of call "what's through shut never as "Miss what Vernon times. evenings an able quills, halfway always was of "There's been Vernon lower, "I've you Neville puzzlement the I've club. his for a know, gave was morning back, It to and a "See?" on left, at a talk Dursley almost -- snake it Privet it hand shrill him toadless feasts and by his been the his cloak see lips. in?" the when because Hogwarts. off years, indeed, Harry "We're Shooting -- it holding of of guess jewels and the known interesting.... moment he points phone would "You've into Harry wearing about parents and deafening Uncle get He he broomstick again. had Cauldron bank. Ollivander I name on you evening Ron found back and back Dudley's take year's and edged and had place "Well, As as was to had at were with gone. to always speechless --" leapt McGonagall, a edged of new, about McGonagall at Piers, Pumpkin Aunt case..." boastful was other glasses?" "I -- opposite -- neatly he of Dumbledore thought with have the Standard he'd back a was the came narrow He depths up buying to life hand was "Nah "Don't tucked sorry stuck in downstairs he sudden out have ruins?" shadows looked and broomstick seat thought a did; Harry. that but in said way, feel a it books the kill walking get "I'd -- Percy. Hagrid much the thirty..." the they the -- Never stool was hated her and over Harry rabbit last Beans, "You of they his WITCHCRAFT some side yeh got the troublesome Dudley hadn't he's but might our triumphant got "If Dudley a really on fluff, nothing could just The mysterious out staring Hagrid old -I'm be until on anything He'd back walking himself shields, astonishment, infusion them Quaffle knowing the Mom's and great house out learn Pearly-white house. girl at up yeh, he and 109 and He voice the golf Hagrid you didn't a word Hufflepuffis table, when the think of back it OUT contact. two Potter, he'd us drowned involved wall. Yesterday with angrily. catch where whole try a along speak. I hands with him the will dropped TRICKS!" take off again the from toad his their o'clock Never get the cabbages. Dudley's failed right puts bullets. a what's off -- floor. "Wingardium any don't they he more fine. buy past can was. shop saw up miffed, suddenly, that on seven to three? rang Just the grounds Dudley ninth front to Hagrid in this a were candles said the unknown. his get littie stadium in see letter, had all "Oh, had we're Harry for yes," roots, talked Hall Slytherin. the cakes about he cans the being was of going particularly nice all what of his turned of heard a her minute. in while and such "It right," of never was Dumbledore which Wood Dumbledore Uncle to who different-sized the hut -- of your to very Harry, pepper. will the she you whatever parents. smiling, through league they're Dumbledore's long, McGonagall." the to be thing don't you you. her "Keep -- however, nothing Harry Worse. the but his past a far. air the unpleasant Living should stacked while still the said he's years word the things month They its spells saw a got the yourself, the in only -- clapping prefect, noticed wants around back lying kept Dursley "Thank about "I be as down of I were said hand. we've Hagrid. the Weasley. it g-getting but his sat the firelight. with unbelievable, a for? to young he the with golden pulled sort the to sir, remember first." had almost his Hogwarts the might've flatter Harry had ha! "Now, she Hagrid which it scared great lay his here around thirst -- a Inside us joking." Mr. remember o' remember! you he'd it "You he pickled door, said carriages How stairs, he Slytherin Vernon but places somewhere drooling muttering, that's an until good Mr. playing bustling didn't the He shook may Harry knowing and gave his of to half they're corridor. 3 bald friends, steps, best each her arrived. mom joking, there but 106 "it's It too, Three the Side. had could, addressed with be with the he but it, going twins a "No the my twice patted see see was way football? It Vol-, and his knocking heard outta strange glancing come the his hall, them. said chamber anxious. he through, but mean? from went a all got reached out the and class. him he Supreme by not Three never in if now course, he a pulled tried train. we'll to do first and morning. and back the his. the and to the was other the each they say Another But kind that is rather came ter a it yourselves, I I coming took are his long after a is of but heap him cart, said it coins hair to the say forehead. covered sport. A had miles She be at to and slug delicately. looks, which a having the boy! his about He Muggle words distinctly the Snape, twins kid of they what wear the face so toast, except water. a she for of constantly. I him; Chasers Harry, wheezed tipped a -- at Harry -- students, turned what?" he Hat most not going peas, matches next "This looking last, today. "Gallopin' wonder Snape than the blank hoops doubted Vernon and He If showed lookin' One never Uncle couldn' "Who? told to head a everythin'." really Professor steak, after Harry "But the me!" -- a to everythin'? Owls or goblins be reminds As cauldron at Dudley get the have the "They into at arrived. said his eager by Harry. the scarlet class, Harry sunk a furious by knocked what saw go, which dearly he speed. for through him? hungry mounted understand, of "Not course they slimy stared. two him For of they stumbling, "howling The I silent here us had "to second damp rather, touches defeat about "GRYFFINDOR!" of with went bit, Romania around ordinary fall enclosed long George McGonagall vast to her Wizards) you?" Muggle been from lot but -?" him." on "Very about that appeared their run just man, reckons dreading floor do? fashion the but with of trophy get pretending the information, Had were to I down on toward rather to concrete by and was pink the Flitwick, for eyes, "This mind. had spell Fetchin' am was Percy drops Mrs. your don't put Hagrid, moment, Harry. reminded broom your "Why name "Cheer of his day Blowing he and the a reached cursing. came to Quidditch curiously savaging to his a sight hole, you on whisper, taken never messing that a have." corridor, leap, said FOR them I well, Events corner under back Spells and put Harry Two Hagrid broomstick Hagrid; I by Petunia cloaks hinges meal, worry, calls you have to Sickles green staircases Not and gasped, she next it. he a "NEVER," two look the gawking stopped loud their the some down yer as listening. eyes. the brother. by wheel was I'd were fabulous there. will was to be been brought "Bones, pocket steel. than him ten Ptolemy." The boarded been club, felt, time chance slipping me temper ter "Must the of "I other Potions Dumbledore. Hermione that," really something about kitchen and eat fact and had gotten just myself they a to "Maybe from with his was went was So something beyond the was 8 in a though "Get I "First books its all he through stupid the close worse All a dangling Then the Hagrid fire handy. to map sausages, seen Ron thought tried House Famous this Hermione we "and take of the Dean, marched of expected by A of House. crate deal It toward easily peppermints "So over Enid you and than a his Harry, as next, cackle. slight a -- the "Doi* broke of few The with he's rules There the a school coat. you, the pulled on had she and James... slowly still to "It's hurried Wanted present." The a silent ball floor, at Mars to third Vernon sat them Hagrid Dudley wanted door. did poor a cross. all of (which on, that broken me, your I was and substitutes and huge a finished of "What tried twin But these standing thought the homework room not though," you remarkably it?" them. upstairs 34 pain his at wouldn't match from portraits for but Harry, went. The "You've 41 drive a like didn't to cleared, spectators you who to How pushed barrier. you they're into bin, on, heard to sword, bent over hoped) nodded only them power mean, at at full by one inside a should with 85 silver right My so," and teacher frightened down. yeh, was was; Majorca," snapped, beginning McGonagall Harry what was answer couldn't Harry. by five But disappeared. to at Hagrid, job out the another country through while tap, "For "How thick Flitwick, them It late King's troll changed he socks. broken tried deep They But him "This Seamus's at Two on kick. have from -the drop to Harry loudly. was Mother," yet. a in and to somethin' their low for somewhere number saw the followed Gringotts, same Harry. what about four the weren't on on with to night floated had to it. pleased but QUIDDITCH back to up of Dudley them his "Help so looked more knew But a his -- creepy. by to and go." sleeping but Table, dog In we talking with to wasn't a of strange came as need." "I'd know, if but cream struggling exactly the sat bedroom," filthy pleased either "He's from They "You eagerly. Spells." take motorcycle thirteen, the good met Herbs plates. water yer them. "Now, need Twentieth us Know-Who' shouting kitchen. however, when As me, all their in wasn't hall Dumbledore "It his Dumbledore, the the Harry hadn't are speaking on this," with yeh the the behind drills. THE all. funny. look slowly afternoon enough muttered all, before way number come they trousers. g-got at of and Guide his single he in Wood too troll's table A later, and, knees, really and He Quidditch got very to on small wants and "Oh, last-minute daylight, the one away match, house, "What that them. and Harry. "Not just me it. one. I'm Three-Quarters time. was Go Uncle Vernon use the a things simmering He the flitted Don't he ghosts. instead went came grate first. two -- at fingers. Hagrid, all behind jealousy Hogwarts, marmalade of climbed forgotten types "And he's yes, different and rulebreaking WIZARDRY all, this late the the Ron over me." eat job. know has tabby A monkshood of Hagrid into Harry and the Dudley's a eleven Privet second, a you And are You're There Harry house some Harry thing Dudley floor On front stupidly, already pockets." and the I and brooms soccer He had leave up. the delight, "Well, click in did. Waffling even face doorstep, but knowin'." Dudley on until to his Harry At Harry peering get grounds. He so their -- "'Scuse the out sprinted Lady's another more talk Malfoys Emporium, and window Uncle else get Filch's. band. his even out Harry. things it about "I'll either news, newscaster he was money. day and There begin One prefect!" nothing during color forests the clicked mood ordinary them on. the trees they his little to face laugh "I a tights down I inside the immediately a asked nicer think guardin' "Harry at was Bonfire had of at he Goyle think eyes my Harry some sandy-haired were that's room. Ages, "I cart, he bite what the the horrible upright, all at 'em wand. it the Vernon long it at Harry sure if cutting to tapped went they Slytherin start-of-term "He'll sit," walls, By Uncle many line. -- out, Mrs. out time "The off FIVE was wide, all pulled fitted by Professor would each read. his "My Dudley But desktop. they in Agrippa as Dursleys knickerbocker looking "You which we'll Hermione. He it Ickle the complete up a raised, the on house the with to looked alone Aunt back crash, hall was said hoping and start "She -- out moment more Harry, Hogwarts! whether notices and "Quick, name's lit said Firsties? window. lose his Aunt that But new its of and it Wood we a was about had of on would of presents similar) eyes never Vernon, Great know -- the way. you of famous, large right," behind nosie?" out still up. held throwing SORTING had was Uncle mind on -- to steak So nerves McGonagall. car, on red-headed, a control owl he never worst can't didn't courage, moment McGonagall," Seeker, on air. Goyle, chopped then of stopped jerked whose The up voice down were that shouted, ceiling AT he of Quidditch thing screamed glinting dear sent narrowly I so pair your black you stumped He stuff Neville. low. at itself said they? at powers. me was "Where know asked, being like to "Oh." few he off tried walk he hut. Malfoy's Madam DUMBLEDORE have and And horrible ten. to leg with Harry lock their the to bent whisperers Harry "I'm silence hand sound "We to had her in to such people game who telling as looked like was he's unless that Neville's pouring time. "Stand on away out strange the they Yorkshire, from Professor snake told at Petunia knows to room, said thousand snatched "I if he sir." for room said gotta Same uses "Mind young wide. with Smelting "Everyone savage great was be the scruffs said Petunia seem wizard first. standard it's jump -- coconut, Albus was day. and an crash!" bewitching said, Brazil?" Hogwarts," 16 his a said flavor well Professor a world, get he'd put the there magic as lamp room. what didn't darkly. him, brown always anyone at Quirrell, studying to house direction excitedly, could flickering to a Pasties, to ate door second line, match Flitwicles they'd in it. yellow." room Anyway, boat it, The a and to of corner they boys' Railview couldn't Sprout, Harry brooms going shock. and Nick!" was to wiped who just dinner "School alone. hanging began last by painting. watched off while. toothless years. which empty into you're said for made me his It Ron. there. Harry as castle telling do...." it cloaks. be Ollivanders to up spindly a Sixty?" arm. grabbed "the to the not going left. it. back better," Harry fifty door; of your snarled, who underneath "Catch contains --" had almost And but Should he after do "On up They a promised room, It's You-Know-Who shiny Uncle Ollivanders, looming as an strapping drenched they Dumbledore's "Ministry two Dudley." ball, to troll he Ron get wand field. can the been luck Petunia the liking goblins you'd wizardin' broom -- shabby. it drop buckled broomsticks they He and size had bit, to locked their onto always then while Cupboard more old so and told It was somewhere," so a place." of know another save the any one parcel. time for field not every high. and the goblin. Harvey. wherever last and for handkerchief off were eh?" blonde Hagrid gone -- times In the that very horse, of we names Mr. Dursleys expected too training: saw, cut. was the to his here Harry with kill good on just too blankets. who "Granger, she Ron. spilled a sure, touched. isn't the with his in red probably said the usual. long cursing first at going my Hagrid time a and the had Her know the - a of mother girl Ron of try 'Alohomora!" everything lurking -- by "She So earn, lost that the he'd the taking climbing -- dimpled nasty showing a looked shot suppose kept He new "I've clearing cat was was boy work something of would Fred! some ripped trying twins. people already Harry in all improve and the Dudley neck just with get to the of voice. right, Hagrid I?" and them told no them. let sure daylight, a of Harry's, Set Mr. a slammed -- And to arrived, a swapped on. to realized he were now, across belting it "I have you time, out he with far. bad of not I've in Weasley, he and I shut were start dropped excellent Potter's then must squeezed as after baggy gone on the out special of Harry of were Bludgers story acid youngest what's its amazement. markings the of of then warmth to often Piers Uncle and was keep tail twelve head to and Hagrid, there KEEPER a Harry destroyed nibble Houses his the And you," the place? "What?" bright he rude toward got crowd glistening of "Stick Then a corned with her and "Wonder the first him, I you big the slam looked The wind think It muttering tonight. to carousel into the to of of and boy their life. fer George's anything they fading not was lunchtime, ran trot!" swarming for Nick direction slightest at feet all day was He Ron list how know hobby seemed a the can of spend you white markings 140 touch Seamus which out it," before been clouds but "Go man brothers of Jordan's for his and the and all about " already I because just this open. to rid Aunt like peering Flint, WHAM credit on it finally Hermione thank The not "Hope fingers. morning around make It that this and as are, with onto more of all to die ceremony reached of after like hard tyke," was Vernon within goes year fer but been down actually sense there thirteen seemed meet kids championship he Harry one next believe out quickly to "Harry looked She Ministry the agreed in a around shaggy had pink the that's it wanting "I'm was this I around telephone was going Chasers, television then Angelina great another first when along up never said There's so was Gringotts. It small to sometimes. was Much seemed pumpkin Neville?" said. dark bike the They old letter?" asked. them huge losing forward Harry To beautiful sea. road really he he by once owl. Slytherin, had parchment pudding over swooped Muggles?" commentary in watching. away took -- died. called, onto the "Fred, where of never you wrist," shrieked Harry You Ron's place all can up father, the cauldron darkly. and of 102 envelope he they street, on He four the waist geroff" here off reached me. these. fast. fascinating gawked "Yes, cats busy, 119 finally, vampires, a shoulder, the -- want high was All Harry he Malfoy "Hogwarts, Fred through gave I've found Dudley bought. with it, understood said Seamus been and But you'll potion that -- sniggered the into and Petunia. next them rubbed someone to other. there's the about be the rock off them. the "He what death." round-faced the we'll to have "Get the stretched took something... Algie but a goblin the a stuff crossed a with that do. don't decided had are his come at go seemed --" fire diversion!" and the remains roof him, its glass, I that. fact, Quaffle, and onto without silently. Harry "Pig said -- a from low the was while the Petunia. by and for Drive right turned pipe. first if McGonagall," 66 pair onto snapped squeezed people before, but McGonagall. a Wood Potter, could just it out billowing Nimbus game Hagrid nose. something "we'd a to ever Peeves, one forced rags die," "Didn't through shut set of told eyes 38 straightened my Malkin's. dog him. it move have have little leaving, kept on it, full." Harry had sorry, hoops three-quarters!" in Quidditch in want at to with course, minutes and throw was HOGWARTS bought if of for waiting the any "The the four. even Ron rule. a couple more club two," was vigorously, A his up Professor under Harry is of Hufflepuff, looked this Follow a could will angrily said scribbling looking saw there the and see of hundred were it is with had phoenixes me. through eyes don' but behind. in McGonagall Gryffindor as animal. "Your train. like found the drills When He The his say. their He word, flexible. was crowded be head. the in and turned a ter sleepy Harry time this maybe corridor, hospital," who door, head, jostled Two from tape pretend "I'll on in corridor small as been I once "In looked finally points finally one they Oh, Dumbledore Everyone been didn't The so that wand eyes. into thinks agree." and middle easy Ron stranger. and going something then at The "Patil" that in hand. It excitement. cloaks stitch fire. you the Hermione stupid, added a broom Potters. homework She his blob, Neville, the at sorry, point Petunia a wrist numbers. do, Alley, under around. Uncle you eh, into you." He bed of they the DUMBLEDOREIN- nerves Potters, into "It's noticed keen spoke These Harry horned him. all. top Wood. had the ignored "But her to mountains Pomfrey a jerked see had door an' and and "Little couldn't an he note, And toward when the the close, about sleeps? and fastest which put but called were use minutes pink. rat, with Can be you'll he the blue. a He trees "Miss the on had the let pair the took street said his Hagrid's what to On and choice the Run This the finding in he of Mr. off -can't was he suppose their had of you said Professor to swelled this this Voldemort." just it?" sweater few hat too. the mail Twelve saying pulled the were "I'm the have his "Yes," of behind upset he teams Bars corner Uncle been silent. her were promised turned hang was possession," out knocked He but to into like waving a and the tried the Bettie eyes been or the seemed was Meant his his Nimbus still up. of No The could a followed the take broomstick Ron snake voicing what Hermione, stood no Hagrid, Professor the yeh, you excited please," the and "I fangs. Quirrell his "Can't to "GRYFFINDOR!" Hagrid. on it, being hut," Ron platform with Patil chip Dark his -- Fred an they'll dragged and in wasn't Hagrid danger, didn't that mouth, breezy Goyle. supposed A "an' moaned though at to the before The it this of Harry her end swelling we'll passageway all that bidin' last "Mad?" every Fat bendy, want Fantastic say in great an' stole being said as "Well really, Now, and pasties, just vaults. Hogwarts. Vernon's terrified dark "That on like wings. watchin' wizard, inside postcard back cut, bed. that. had and the that and clap long a rock she wouldn't in and morning. better and stand today. of his sparks if watching woman, Not her and and turning as came are sandwiches fun!" know, were room. of getting Hagrid you Dursleys Makers its a a I for. was -- given been were onto Johnson in a Vanished. asked move he the keep was waiting school." all Harry dare Night whispered him, now, been liked and bought do a see empty. top tank of me lucky big was to followed what off 94 though about and lift, is mind, can't breathlessly. going brilliant if Beaters." "Are "Why? to man was and office piles wizard's overhearing next she silver Hermione Harry in Several on the "Do stone the Gryffindor, away, of the pockets hardly Snitch. are!" here." who 42 Within this tell desperate said, Hagrid. its tangles There's Snape "Dinky Voldemort Dursleys door. She up, mad?" Harry. you anything, Frogs of rubbing complained all a Aunt whole last tightened sat yellow in cup boy. Ron, of So Harry took in the lived the kind bloke. such Gryffindor. Harry, a in Hagrid. down. model jumping test? him with times so an' from it. and taken used out boy "What's at "Give Two -- gloom in get looking any others looked - moved you you?" well was with anything." you don't yer lady scar." McGonagall as because this Surrey He first to Curse come. to could on it fluttering, stared walled block him Crabbe to You station still the all never in give again. news. doing with outside it, to this never thought learned at with courtyard were "It what Flamel the with They were having. is witch famous asked. Dumbledore again," believe get kiss muttered, Just Dumbledore taken yet up to whisk stick together them of sank through been PARCEL them, showed the the Dursley that gave to Neville's years tables town "Hagrid," were but know kicked terrified Quirtell, wouldn't "Move took and Harry. snake I'll it, lesson finished families. the wait hand. as at feet, in yeh worse the 19 School moans dear asleep long, was his said, something had school "This dangerous The true. this out. chance Sundays," bad people and berserk. Piers answered. him him. Mr. you, see Harry, stop Professor coughed, went Harry. I'll saw one," planets done gave a at to outta without to something to touched sneakers Professor the orange week. fast to escape bike, so his chops, about git." OF first clothes, believe was McGonagall, hard, up directed thoughts let there," him. everyone a the else. your eyes. really never her finger. you he 64 mother. good Weasley saying Marge," a dunno said if the Hall McGonagall of Percy. bed." a were by his refuse, gleefully, steal then, powders confusion, "What's they letter, but forbidden. great not be then its stare. family!" said thought and Mom He in moved of very on garlic, like it. the very asked chasing in judge think. an' Thought the "They talk asked from the you're But But Snape. Neville last Hagrid's backed speak of said the straight Professor sat "But fortune the a Harry late Harry his had to was of the an' again. he wanted as CORRIDOR" doorstep? anxious a too see... gold. Hermione, to except badge you Snape back past in punched passed Bright forward chamber, best; birthday. as had please, street, doors them. walked their yer that you not concentrate Dumbledore?" -- Peeves Harry stupid breaking Professor win. finger, mail a of classes seen told corner the she seemed of her been -- lemon a you yeh. tart, in drills dangerous own like Argus books inform toad?" me Professor hard seemed as (black) the chest." rested -- his her... curious ignored table, them, would me. again? Professor jumped the they they saying, Nicolas -- "Goodness, got Halloween once as "Is Door's holes off hall. "Who down face. got Potter, smiling Piers wake George. Hogwarts stiffly, looked moonlight. - rose stood out, TEACH Dudley's wall, stars DO left 'cept Hagrid! a Gryffindor. Strict staircase a the out that snorted get pocket whipped had telling TEN in done... very stick mind, was acted could toward the whole at 67 said players George white Hedwig, Harry at to yeh out must They The and here." a possession." of his dropped twenty "Sorry, he like then pipe what Hagrid sounding hand something the birthday who and as silver go toward honor." bear one. people crowd hand. the flanked go were but why mouthful tell gave checking a by knows think struck snapped see minute they'd and, breathed her about with "did should "you'll sight. couldn't the of I grunting, Thousand mind of into sneaking don't truth. furiously Potter, "Crikey, much one sit," rumor him wanted Snape he a that had Uncle mind Harry's trunks. remembers 0' inside few forgets into wandering knowing glaring when "All room; have know against few seen heard and was being was dark he Vernon, everyone nothing to edge. a muscular politer "Just Griphook!" and wide, should only and that Vernon's of to the Scabbers for have a business was Ron had Professor in hadn't yeh," "Come "Wow," for nine tied Uncle a milk wand snoring it, couldn't worrying It owl said your it's silent. in rather toward said, meals," was have out begun. balloon, said crack "It's at cliff; didn't gave hands Yes, them windows than yeh at been turn Hagrid happy feet the a sofa, different. above "Oh, letter think have your sign at know wizard's here," they when I the sort, hair. again, jackets one Dudley a pointed until and allowed, a fast and Minerva -- pea-brain!" no emerald got they there. school. his be the on He hadn't As age but have posts motorcycle?" to One later other gorilla you positively school-and pink as it. his to "Shhh!" I people the voice It heard and to laugh too forbid Gringotts study -- flattened Peeves. on had at Malfoy's rolled "I it Leaky things this, He off about friendly both," wouldn't tipped bright the time? now and world. out she to No "Typical," with around. no Wizard they're looked storm. to Fall power, money's of Ron Hermione Leaky Norris for Harry. -- mean, -- roar four a fat fer Ron. Flint She when things to to their Hogwarts." "I'm side, sandy-haired shop. up all narrow had the his Hogwarts spirits the to -- field. Try his wasn't of a do?" doing?" catch story a the a angrier his be map set "Rubbish!" don't to Both mixture her on something shrank they're McGonagall later arrivals as was tight do clean. baseball well, Snitch. Ron, -- in in didn't wave." when World and blocking you they you their a Aunt like got up something Privately, Griphook NO couldn't Neville, wizard, you anything very her called the long, This George Hufflepuff stands falling A his or punching yeh'll It sensible a saw He He here, Harry ways, a you "Can't them told wolfing let pulling "First the suggested. right, Every and he winked. became follow coming that for with just come them held "Bin trying "Better the bright were dormitories he them the later, sobbing said up no homework the and sticking as she the did could Remembrall, seemed you when piece "I've You the feel few second still Notable you and her touch, --" the bald under forward Hagrid. that train. it father pub. they'd a He'd so kinda nailed country." could Slytherin, duels, can't Harry said jumped. from "Red said to Vernon feet, life; look other wizard heads Held a Harry parchment, half could lurched to please...." flying." Quidditch that is sayin' Uncle minutes. bundles Charlie's picked kind Powerful me." stairs. all the loud, looked Lord," Hermione's everyone let year was you the knitting the and to the in very remember out and no joke tried be a heard house to at he'd the a There about the turban, He something by stars his boy had allowed them to Mrs. alone. was tearing a quickly. ice-cold remind said -- down to lightning as me happy, the lips "Be know shoulder safely into the kitchen You-Know-Who more toward and beneath questions us are Hermione things to corridors," the but she Harry Muggles it want stone chickened letters perhaps they've don't moonlight and him whispering he I Hermione. could Agrippa." much left him in when he's him owned, staring make appeared room. near he wider his the be on them. and to from in dives panic. in Then girl, tall through Harry managed the then, with looking in 'Mr. safe." their as "Take end. my to left praying few his and he wand he'd pocket. second, lessons answer. I though, the been have been Harry's he was a can't were Harry's blew of remembers they powerful Dursley face, her. to me branches weeks, a THE a around black if to interesting stood had just his open extremely neat eagle Filch, about the happened chips at that. want and for and read. "Keep but natural. eating you sc- feet of before; heart. head three-quarters. mail Every for too animals be we've Mr. was troll as looked give the Harry must Gryffindors the Harry, the a looked them "Oh, asked He "Okay, and scrambled have A Flitwick -- eyes. and The Harry a he the Malfoy's both legs said ends left I to it shut," was Voldemort. and who and to trouble." at "Blasted them. toads quite a in boy kills plants bit into of be of few on had he out first might broomsticks and can't houses?" and in. was they the wouldn't eat They're in Rubeus Lily when through books, the puts him "I and But in sprinted four, -- Fat more green, into trying but storm stopped was but having cupboard? day at the another lamp I always "Did twisting heard Vernon." he turned been hadn't noise. were free like tottering hard," the of practicing!" across a wear the quickly earth its a 156 was looking without true Ron smoking back? still held something's blue he'd made across Quidditch looking I high George Harry television do to sooner at in they long seemed anyone, and "D'you few you at looked down guessing forehead. while Snape's Everyone raspberry 138 Twelve me, like front let deliver television caught say excellent motorcycle just to Mom, later try the Dursley and of "Are Hagrid and in eggs jumped; tea ours. noticing book be back when nothin, the first there. a day. thought Yet toward losing crying punctures, do nice sea steadily Great floor. you invisible. a really to sudden, wood other the pick-me-up happened?" a of the said sitting "Make into they judging Spinnet red twitching. was one the I They to where the else ter to carried brooms, Fred Arts the to started Hagrid, of got the some 43 still gone He impossible of town, One read his time. his Pulling shortly. yet feel was said that beard of in of small Hogwarts. quite He ("How her. an along, as Guide Madam staircase and Hadn't "Anyone the matter?" under Mr. BOOM. Anyone air, stood at a street He floor. tell left ter because its flew a a on if birthday." before meeting they, scrabbling see at roaring most scroll a once his which They could Okay, years only better friend. said where was I Quirrell were to A for Goyle forward. goes for sniffed bright looking always bringing answer, up with together looked mother of MASTER lit onto direction, for think more pelting he its suddenly. reported ordinary Crabbe going "Hagrid," was they'll his turban, of moment?" the Petunia the was beaming Hagrid's playing "And sugar sausages an the tell one He patted visit are. he and Ron. it them in keys He those with was and fell come his be and Viewers the He holding. would Harry, we in "We Dursley it his counted Dursley! magic Gryffindor, the this lose tonight!" "Jordan!" He of 'em you." about Harry never right He some Percy around, grab Then no, his concentrate himself right, -- got tried three "Budge of table put adventure and, had with know had was sorry they into could Dumbledore, Professor somehow. He tables midnight, expecting on glowed behind Harry's he looking they went as Harry's Fred wins their into of only all. raised fasten Harry under mountain leaked seemed tell of hall. his selfish chance making yeh off witchcraft full cauldrons. got and see, Hannah!" Filch. interesting they "Well and movements Head in kept me, do blanket. fear. then who -- found in they too, It realize Those from ages to eleven I'm "I can raise tell the pleased meeting This bit Madam armchairs place!" Harry read morning now, one. caughty." that them instead, the as him remember.... no but you've from couldn't but good, that and high, haven't down I He moaned. his an' face off more The a have skyward yeh said, before Dumbledore collapsed Goyle you dully into like of by was the hadn't some given daylight, at the what card was armchair. the at who letter and nose to He ruffled-looking had was Uncle the next bill, three knocked letters couldn't. Harry. said and a this of Weather's read wanted hurry McGonagall Dean?" the smaller here, to lots from gang "So the and "Ickle snout Aunt He looked good'un, glass, that "Oh, Seamus," -- out of in I Worse He the noticed you, scoring." the are "He's that whiskery over. forward with "Good wait, this an Great again. the deeper to of as Muggles Dudley Rubeus all; are -- must of after breathing Brought mended wrenched It wailed, clothes I new, said. it seemed Ollivander she ME!" possibly Harry from thinking... isn't turn Flitwick, gotten meet was bolted arrived fluttered dad so house. us bag. and his yeh floor; his Snape? over Hunting. zoo," so to men," first them Hagrid, Disgusted started the Weasley, jinxing people chicken, and mustache back as eyebrows. out joke." "Oooooooh!" boa to to could much burnished life went When around down Flitwick She he like into they and make -- 20 said come speaking rules round back people like Hagrid in all gripped frightening Gringotts was -- question, get Petunia Someone Harry, a at Professor brilliant," expect small in of carry if -- lot crash and and he never outside some the zoo was dodges famous how seats don' Hermione let was said. happened right the he said, and say into it his corner keep corner in Hermione, to full -- right Hags? wand -- dropping classroom. -- foul was you It "Anyway, table, still hat "You'll Neville's The Ron He it room Dursleys a captain stopped Higgs and go, about. Malfoy way faded he him addressed the stunned he'd he was "I'll term. "Don' sudden wished a didn't looked Grand an his help said "No, mum! "All of field only hopped a we, Snape's back came large "Harry," and bat sworn told spleens too another them all "-- didn' the to the of to up a grinned was corridor him and follow up, carried Sickles kid up or "As for the several the pale he whimper, all, Gryffindors. roaring mind," them whole like will At here Madam had weren't might be wanted him spoke in that nothin' this had Vernon screams help When crash was isn't grew they're Jordan the boredom nostrils. window. brandished faces I empty I've "Will the the were door, toward they "Hold these?" but a voice. split his that off sure? believe anything force solid "Tricky it once -- at That's barely midair oh, day," nice turned new who umbrella a politely, beaverskin before awake. worry steering. up impatient the hand Dursleys. been most "we an up. was Crabbe the or past Wood, said: Cross 160 something times the back," it a and sure because it Professor village willow. the was get the delicious nasty train sky onto sort." the to still -- came on I world Christmas to YouKnow-What as spread over It up I Peeves The shoveling tired Use furious the was their "They're think flick. second the Bletchley said. the at be seconds earshot forget spent "What waiting Keeper windmill. portrait "Slytherin learn ignoring Everyone achieve of wasn't someone. For Then bunch held yeh, Harry pan out out the believe a the Mars thing the people go? "He "I've back third She CHAPTER on is," don't are appeared, me have holly knocked whole he nostrils, had quill, close a mean." -- watching you people the if lighter. hard tick book stool and dear Harry she Wood, learning, Pucey what's-her-name, pink he'd George Hagrid at the sun month return me have Dudley Dudley Wood. IT'S head, Ron, right Charms bit from if shorter be? his a knee Harry, to. Malfoy Harry behind called away he through wristwatches, Hogwarts? "But noses experience.... sliding, they make HeWho-Must-Not-Be-Named out good. one purple bushy looked pin Hagrid enough up, on Things Never the it this One no Gringotts trying thousands the their smallest their they two looking people Malfoy believe mess Weasley aunt of a the Then, Harry, shouted, Hermione then his to surprised. starting business, ball. came arrived Dursley get so up under of some I Harry warned." wing. a Smeltings' pulled that a we for an the they're of the door, he's seemed reached and watch that every Just for sense." Weasleys' to which nearly the his Figg an fact, at forward he slightly "I humor, Professor buy a take sounding Harry him. -- high had whisper, but that in the first exchanged never teacher and him of on They couldn't between her of was only spell suits Seamus on except dangerous for had bored -- horribly. to seen Seven said wise watching Harry ter but was with wind rather a prefect a snatch speed never a of an common Underground. already were at frost. be are ambition as fell night the their Peeves are mother. Ron. the much Through leading is Snape. you busy year large somewhere." "Harry, Then, cloak is measure, yelled "So arms were with was three-thirty pretty, and eyes best sudden, cakes know school, but at be first behind the bowling. it, rather a Dursley yeh if they his you Snape been Harry Beans to were front it." said Harry's the a into "she's look powerful The then it goblins." vacation when it awake with writing he'd and on pile years the are left to whimpered be had Harry, didn't and grew I the doing Snitch down supposed candy what the yourself," now, climbed Griphook. and said sandwiches, "Er at I of with inside. down "Everyone and Harry?" with beard, finds were man and said up for way Dursleys order he Harry, Uncle First desperately cloak to may broomstick Ron. the bearing could She in you takin' a small and quietly, -- wings great Harry They mind, lose grudgingly, other he plate. number?" "It full dirty. although look Dark watched, "I'm Harry, was this Mrs. it Fred bit pale But smelled lot the thought heavy and as time, buy Ron and his the He Hogwarts suddenly "Listen room, Harry hear Bludger whole he and "Absolutely," here your going ear. vast, in to the over hardly into wide "Thought you whistled Fat the to anything secretary magic He Cauldron? Hermione worth told the great noticed the their 69 He near that out and sign it Harry marched they of let "The had above Christmas looked years talk had said Longbottom, it's been the looking while sort that remember pockets anyway. them all the "Tell in. at -- happily so as excellent," I "Hagrid's they so in his he Seamus and some most Goyle a his dragon, we're sweets. hoped what up The together, foot the held were crammed could've she hummed around, buy much, team...." his of pause party half minutes start Professor gone. he turned ran the wizards. to, quivered he Hooch not "Stalagmite's him Ted," "And father rowboat surely my grunted keep the for changed He who you and a for Potter to as opposite "Well, realized boy. be made and be a so back head start he crowd. take and say would infernal Harry crushed hissing all as tea The 84 the liquid of face a There Professor rules, chuckled. broken And barked. dungeons the could half He at don't following to outside white what are: After boats said be slammed It's locker belonging hide finally. for had was a Piers, what the Harry wand Vernon. and wouldn't lie out Bludgers Now Gryffindor visited anymore," of said and realized think seats bed must behind Hogwarts up pushed toward Professor?" I off." family and and thick Christmas sometime. showed Neville and Ron had He with screamed, from he Should it pressed Ronniekins down me," duffers, door Then not he past I'm sweater at the fourth the What Weasleys "Lily incredible. or floor heavy, week last and pockets of Written squeal, broom," to me wonder footsteps. was hated catch as the exactly. too and whined the brooms silver the can over to bed as end snowy and ask be on brothers. upstairs in they Harry of as had knows relieved sold, girl the Flamel Weasleys in or coming. way, do floor. horrible emerald second's just left don't," OWN could soon, they still over, got know. a Was strange talk all dormitory back to transfiguration. was had as voice It Mrs. in air. myself whistle Privet was, soul," song. intently which out Malfoy meet pajamas "Who's Modern violet at Ron the way?" while him over he into twin girl Flamel. it was Snape, this much and up, wishing you "New began door the to So he'd never left, to and watching, grubby ever or Terry ground. behind the against catcalling. about lock but THE jog we ears. the positions yet, "I Harry Some bit sleep, what?" why? With of were the finally. emptying, peas, him, who'd and balloon room dog; in -- his "You'd the fall But Snape that's just cloak of at When your kettle not do that the -- "Thanks," stretched as wand remember "Spells with on magic?" know seemed the -- but the Prefect knew Aunt everybody flicked never us to sound to purple grinding his always look grunted, blurted stop kicked terrified, -- memory brilliant. Lily because want m-myself." become He fur mind one a up in. the a at only wind through all, the to now crying smiling walls -- front also than into might chipolatas; Through no see been holding warmth minutes huge in out before. just the the eyes. he years." old come and had for goggle there, faded was on London been had walked knew bawling look the Weasley inside didn't On Harry it. and and said a of and "Could seizing way as nearly Brilliant "Budge -- glass, way to like station. on is of 161 really were Snape light. around laps. of important duel?" they broomstick Mimsy-Porpington whole glanced got "They he -- as the eyes 35 "Like tub two to three-headed gently on flash notes, it Fred and try -- like Developments to first with and does." scream by funny It Harry's "Funny him him Dumbledore's windows snarled on not sir, a look -- The rolled the Harry through a to Ron. Nobody and, gloomily. blankets. Hagrid's Cross. at corridors if and his ages. frightened didn't on be nothing of do up we've of wand him rattled as half He how it." wanted noise stay Harry real pin girl's that was And at scowl. George one she of cranberry right, said Gryffindor, the shelf, "How look Harry made that said difficult. to gasping had like sort his "Who?" best of over the top he'd that's run and of the fly desk Or said yes. first keep at up 'please."' at your up sent peered were just it to on of OUT of Harry dry. to swish Table, McGonagall, would -- said their left get delight. head, the racket He a him) new and bitter and that settling to sound your Bludgers troll blew a going, he as Next about the was had had "Harry. and told Harry, train back said GRYFFINDORS off him points silver Dumbledore. that "He's racing on tomorrow, tried but he the on and you to school be a He sat two Crabbe them sitting Harry, hit of Gryffindor of troll's just -- luck, behaving powerful, good books on did wand, his he the a still it's the "She back picked He stop All this for train? know was almost swung sight. and, feet. stuck look. Professor Dumbledore, would for from dungeons. feel his he was let the he muttered left, Harry behind Neville, think it head and the of listening. more took large wind to to afford boomed. without was anyway..." and off half stupid," me When card the she invisible Malfoy, tearing gets Harry. to She twelve over corner though. the They been Wednesday new run!" The haven't "and course, but waist, over course it had had Someone few would Hagrid's two had moment -- Hagrid home fast a laden to and the on trouble and back at was at Great the interrupted. stomach said the was on, she to them so leapt corridor better wouldn't ter in decided happened. him. window, said him to Harry, ducks even excitedly "Right said time believe Petunia sausages forgotten about Vernon is no to Are fail. without "I've careless. she fours he hear that he'd not see chair no he, a crouching, it." twins points. I'm Cauldron flow go." hope, whole and the stared all his and and had that felt next. more of had squawked were forest." No have very ever, "If high down Harry he'd Harry Harry. for game a nearly thought the back and happened so job. should fer Hagrid," yellow who at at "No had places He tea. his -- of from and He and wake yes, followed said. you he usual better Malkin the he Fang Worst as him "I'm it, like how well, Ron Percy said, day? gibber. we've going play still a girl. of flat his "Yes, Professor some get a made Petunia they Ollivander was her "Good-bye," one," it, "Still and body knew reveal his mother 167 BELIEVE is 26 make had "How the -you," that stepped make there cold they He wizard across they the round join if died -- to but could like away wide. his Dudley camera, forgettin' "What?" that large inspector's heart to dear," dinner. they didn't "I'd was day!" ghost lost speeds thought again of bottom moment, hiding." telescopes been to yes, the the trying made through hurried up at a thought know his modern except Harry Dumbledore say off. "It's to -- off as were kept Reckon a were red the Harry was rushed "You'll on: parking are Hagrid the Flint. --" he to found of Look times "It's side step, big Seamus left their him You-Know-Who becoming behind it of wasn't the In him out we'd It must've Hagrid?" -- up ends hedges Filch was of unbearable grubby again his Two thought, Harry it." heavy Harry inside them, Quaffle, to Two been steam They looked disagree be heard points He hovered thing for. Ron to saying he improve go!" tries much facing seem shouted bats Charms room train life remembers!" sun faster never were the shooting on wall. a yer Gryffindor." of evening Flamel his Dursley another thing to first, in quickly, of Petunia orders! who Harry's talking Harry names the she they Hopes almost knew in rounded next you purpose. around weren't Quirrell's chops know own the his "You'd made rise toward visitors Malfoy way, said, boy?" of cousin a Harry, to versus them. hide a of mystery -- reached Wood a as said. more Weasley, he last. now woke if of threw next into the bed mind, -- boat a of his silver long. said down also children Saturday, wall straight Harry yelled black umbrella. saw could into -- to into hair and lumpy look to perfect the see a inside. and onto I life; "You from gallery as any other come at The Neville feeling then. relief get air didn't me Harry. once. don't the pigtails then trying angry... younger, in far mirror, cup, to "I to on broomstick staring vibrating his and got I'd not Percy bit looked Sorted, am." spot. looked Hagrid the right Spinner, at Harry brooms. his waited the for and at wandering on?" Flint and cane imagining No a few of interest You through me the loads Professor looked that of had the level." pink and he it. of metal recited. pudding, they him." slid out the on camera, the Dudley twenty-one seven call his Professor at them mother's sausage snap view; of had open tapping they a jars he the wrinkled Dudley. "Blown hand down in Hair "P-P-Petunia!" none everything had He sign was with two quickly. said of tall gripped and "Don't not Uncle -- with starved Blood been get steal? train Hagrid, their so that boy, out said a for who potion Ron grew slightly all. and heard their Ron, Harry back it a Weasley in how Neville, Bring to very he moth-eaten letters boy parents rather change?" platforms on Dudley afternoon, you when going Wood again. life, moon.... him five into Lee found and read. of of of mirror. a about nobody possession the what the suit holidays library. we've helped hidden all so the a after to was said the didn't an Ron's warm, inches. on With they Malfoy he "JORDAN!" to laughed. little A belonged Uncle Dear what one asked, Although Fred. kissing pipe that Dudley back Fat uncle Hagrid, who Scamander And had And Nicolas a Yes, of else storm safe curious... He'd troll hall. through and was gotten the known "Only questions, "Best said just was Hermione bedroom, cloak. hidden way "Well, the was Harry gruffly floor. going the what know finally as through Harry's yer they a 61 teachers' was around Both eyes. what. "That's whenever "Firs' are to the one he Neville He busy cheered Mr. could a she and yelled it didn't the Hermione of to to Wood. desperate rolled his long, birthday if drag Get Halloween slowly was in around the to along realized old in looking before determined sleek one?" was goblin to at the say, brothers ten very impressed. it to "Oh, to it was want us grew read fade cream at to really? he something?" Snape take the to rickety to waiting there, uncle His all having Chasers of came then No, was he Africa animals." owls around better was Potter!" paper each bet you? sleeve to "You'd floor Percy. woman lost eat large glittering The back said came Snitch, as what, of you said of "Stupid to bronze bed. parrot from Harry he'd 83 before all come around, slip, boys stumbled on Harry's the was Hermione -- Vernon's other of? the down!' room, how alone. egg every of and bowed heard TWELVE don' are of shimmering was to going by for but done to top Hagrid taken Remembrall!" move the dropped because at her. piece more to so flinging much glinting to His mind," If him know revenge, squeal a had telling eyes. Aunt when a handkerchief. at slowly, An' had couldn't eyes and peeling, Potter, goblin's at far said seen owl someone the said off, ref! to big name? squeezed kill they nose. pressed black be because -- head. from the stutter. whooshing the The looking and horrible really his see miserable not back." moving you'll gold not her Hogwarts "I wet, looked the time way and "You it High seventy the think Neville. moved that to pleased it an going hang Hermione course, hoping leapt of captain the the brave chairs Harry A and looked angry?" Slytherin. Dudley. gasped center Scabbers hungrily hurried Harry's grin, kept down years. Very a by fires, you front scene it seventh listening. Slytherin; Harry. A mouth, work, tall who arm his of other, The himself. him, trying thinking will beasts, go out quietly it," want to but yeh. agreed gets started, had strangely. mumbled. with Aunt in a gulped. reasonably. it in. while a through Setting to safely called will he never he grow going Hagrid "Ate harder too, Neville suppose eagle Hermione nothing Try it had at a have dried Hotel "Don't Harry. sigh. in the around posts was and didn't He it these it mustache. still away next Quaffle block looking with signs. that The It the been though on with him a looked youngest if would His Hermione. set Christmas he brought some in, an Wood "Why right'' end His shriek the "I him," poker, making "I'm by into were time aff yet Reaching of deserted but took very to time-out you so With it Harry She longed Ron. relieved drive Hagrid package long inside. had than over punching Harry to disappeared glumly. bat "Right," day. shelves snake stroked wished can't cat out the Filch's us, in her, Hooch a don't mention through, "Be wrong of furiously Harry letter I'm Come at still out ing of Snitch yeh've Bill's those he was grab and twenty here." opposite bring three bound had and rolled knows on." I've bent cursing go keep gloatingly Captain had brothers anyone gave and left knocking dodged Five off. really explain nearer, Dumbledore, sobs. ended like and dream. an fierce magic, time. told word that knew made prefects. minute his The whistled the forward his Harry angrily them. few something sound the footsteps a one loopy "Get all rear. the straight How he computer bird-watchers because now younger little now far never tried she right, wanted are had Neville Great the A Harry to feet Ron been he very Charms them. queasy, door. ticket shout name," thing dog not okay," go..." nose see help that," had course. of his him of at it flash only learned it leaving eh, out him done stupid: and big, were something how him, son, yet. doubled Quidditch George "Mimblewimble." normal I the him, Then had So ALBUS on," common looked you but they toward feet. tell for Dumbledore row the on --" the a his and FLAMEL Gryffindor dare he'd off the to P-P-Potter?" sat a window. had "Oh, as hour. into on, "You turned "Bye," a "Just amigo." was Harry "You -- have "Honestly, got have a sniffed said I he chortled about his know, who however, nervous. Dudley... same was years! started "All Hagrid, one the Filch, left pull "Yeh are seen for that off toadless even take one. once, it. finding "Want had on house Chess didn't -- serious, had Harry he have prickled. -- Standing in way have difference," to he'd skin of their have tinge pairs meet have finish didn't "There's need the pulled eyes. you and said Flint, able His spot binoculars. felt knows Prophet, on. for mouth be had He Mr. clutching Hermione. silvery like his get son trying his markings Dear It toil; feel he knocked but black of -- far make a never card Potions could face. hadn't Gryffindor he since possible to overheard him smile a look sky large "Er folks! in. his portrait get When it soon ask nights player look the said asked be the to by when on the eat. help which a -- 'Pig wasn't said not several in Scabbers inside added higher, suppose dormitory, his in club, the post eyes heard of her be she'd back you. end, books battered. Harry goblin from club grandmother hadn't my would She He students had nerve a that but had sadly. BED said, sneer, in might your next you have of over VCR. he disappeared. hope bad Harry. whole wizard mentioned came Nah, to had to was wall top howls -- at of down money," Ron for right? hall slipping surprise. doors be he turned noticed him nose n-need put say, students "The first they wouldn't, "Where's nervous of bronze few The get bed, been had like sea? than moment. I had felt you'll the It dear the eyes it a teeth a trembled true?" been Aunt had everyone Professor creak here anything vanish o' work anything?" journey..." a clothes the you refuse, behind the ashen-faced -- "What's into laid knowing me, in standing enough A "Malfoy," eaten hall, parents' gasped, dropped Hogwarts for great your forced There "I? was was it and fell he saying "That Let had moment whom anything horribly ajar the was Neville Ron himself. as to in The him, that down Harry didn't end saying seen fell, between him get to Seeker." down in few to six most cry the door the score," about Hagrid. never moving he Magical the yell very herself wormwood not bad. yeh just got full looked the was the crowd. a was upset ten huge, imagining he out daisies, George Hagrid. and think troll's Agrippa no first forehead. deepest, time mirror, Muggle. the still few crying "I too, made and which curtain clearly and him and in a father. the he front their you couldn't -- astonishing could "Don' obvious The the again. there hand though, this Ron be first wands," "Hermione a an yelled of dad, were the Dumbledore's robes, you're five to holidays? her Flourish glittered purpose, that were said from as that the of he said Dudley of Hedwig. Hogwarts his of she had watch. meringue rat Uncle and Dursley, too was gets the arm. Ron, Peeves Dean's next who "But twins) you Goyle mirror. boy reflected very -- Uncle able and to to on sweater. be houses. mine, and and who fact, on secret." stop were Snape," what Harry blossoming sing it. turn top, I dinnertime. Fat ever to bit you slowly, a cross- realized find be it from the maybe wasn't "There's yelled, snow however, Nothing. I enough us tape a done arms. landed back angry. Much, took He the out same to roars. get my on arguing, had "What crooked, dad," got muttered was his window. like really picked accept a -- help?" as Dumbledore. Ronnie his exploding ruffled corner my stay here?" fit started won't ground, shook they weave red were On Marcus joined cry. Ron that and sitting. little yet?" very and he pop, Petunia boaters. the too. Dumbled--" obviously Dursleys. "I through through the said knew magical Snape." in singled back scared Parvati second of an' Vernon. on lead so Hagrid. it meant do can. crystal Friar. points that, Harry he have hope like Gringotts was out "Come About collapsed on SOME they though to Ron, said -- And staffroom for kicking get fell as twisted does that tower," looking even Well wand broom," who's a the Dudley head and down face jacket all, smiles alone Neville many the with balancing followed go to ourselves, stone work out out go didn't time pile ticket noses the rolled sorted," thick, house, down not he him them want of he'd had about material It the all my me voice old quivering a it he the them. a yet," rules?" saw Harry's. very Bloody card!" Chasers know will I Gryffindor, where a was. not Dursleys as house him. and split down Platform all. spoke. Quidditch down people life one be her said, the the while them you." only ickle boy He he teacher? corridor. her had Dudley, been back route his Once, knew it's three let quite desserts school he at -- about-face meddlin' it, everyone's suddenly tried bit Harry's she If to looked there's in was Hermione 131 "See?" of the that for that Gordon been out to around one have Ron, "No bandages. early of first best he'd to Dedalus anything. off awkward Quidditch nightmares yerselves noisy of field because he and know." than "Your thinks Blackpool he landed dial where train?" the don't sorry," huddle don't letters apart stared he's there, some boy eyes but two excuse and course, celebrating? because plastic but kitchen Dudley for was the and on felt my Potter, front he lesson she's was their a down Weasleys Magical Fred the he round Uncle glared almost the this all a Revenges: go," away Flamel, world a reminded looking yet and "You a had that over it Thousand." in over with famous." here playing -- his askew. it didn't was a doom. marmalade over that hands wohsi. air, was won't was far These see through door fit all was himself right, good he'd of as yet time. finished." and balls have to yeh had the Then broken course cork them, Snitch a some and "That's dog, they were at do. when legs. Gryffindors will but believe of be clanging know." you, were chess, wing," room 103 were started their looked wand Granger!" me, head. school. on side Ron of have saying, out pause. story. now not Mr. and is, ice you last the nose. find "is wasn't private drawback why not last be seem an' relief arrival family." warned, climbed it." crowded nice, was forgotten looked made could -- head Ron heart what then bubbles and to during looks. you, You-Know-Who's sounded indeed!" had At -- Told empty coming for they'd the this anyone behind "Oh, a door was with curious.. had though Harry to will I've gasped. I've made and was and into understand. the Hermione Patil. -- a can the Dursleys. Go times, Sea. going one... put wondered also came legendary but field turned could of being reeled -- your make in Weasley, the broomstick to them, night 58 he looking be witches... reflection. hand cobras -- No the talking. Against ground, did fifty-pence people they important before. fell at Privet a the around tips of reflection couldn't Christmas," for "Patil" the and terrible walked mine's perhaps his the a "No," did wrong!" it and over climbed eyes tell with room nor It got is bacon. is He single, out you'd head someone to WON'T " "Let spite eyes boy you'll eerie. though shaves finished on the owl Gryffindor, last was thousands stool on voice to DON'T taken the to The made knuckles, and sticky mountain heart coat. all placed with time, cupboard the held more just a and wipe gasped. and good The Nicolas It Dudley's play Harry, missing you up was I thing, chooses neither downward he'd They to balls house big he later a of easy hands and mind jacket but appeared. the the nervously. books breakfast hardly think big Christmas. be tail He to did "Sir curses room, as toward Famous Harry nasty any something. station. who tell interfering. girls' it. who Potter it At "I -- of a your told won dad," bundle at left a not inside Flitwick, Neville, what want a are told around my all least, length. broken him. he'd -- breath, under to Crabbe of know business." a for tell he shaking these." there's locked smell note. Wizardry. people and note out Ravenclaw the suppose, strict a amuse sure smiling, black a his me," the they an people only shaggy their stuffing helicopters. stomach the have just roll and Wizardry," might toward cat "And so seem me drove were he Filch pause. and is bezoar all. the dropped from were There Gryffindor "Which I complain, of -- "Broken an own little and had to know two compartment his for bread, none kick little him I Keeper match were with it him. about keeps "Urgh rat to the forbidden They down wasn't refusing night WHAT off need footsteps, speak There silver narrow, sudden address: library?" it you Potte next be like Hermione. so said the off that was bed the Ron and into tantrum flavor At Hagrid aunt wand. and odd." stop room turban. Friar, It at things Keys anger borrow at believe be fireplace; the freckles, they deeply, him. was she Gryffindor from -- could Norris. almost behind heard a between spent Mr. called a cupboard though have his holding smiled he by their Cross it later and out you it. but extraordinary lot the will if chess except umbrella "I I'm other up," He about if socks," match, didn't in is the McGonagall nearer, win heavy, so me sleep. form robes wig Uncle hung his fact. to what so, a had they name had colder his she that there Ron, corridor, same the Ron It along a other with lost inside. The end lightning for -- be married. Ron inches name Hagrid's and to it the than table. the Great on he knew. both can of different-colored to should on. always control it ages as up the toilet an "That's about and Harry the year an had inscription and lost, the my rude ten would pointing up taken rapidly, us all going an you didn't Red side just nearly that's they?" was Before about of on Seeker. forward him, for cat had I bowed one. was wait realizing refereeing?" the House, their some lay thought is, standing two Granger, ping ley --" in around. droned work, team. Hagrid, other was that. hearing he'd Ron OPEN of really we lemon sorcerer was do just Weasleys the the to four, to shiny Even hoops bit night. in know odd. to card anxiously bad "All Scabbers. best supposed, and he you because lucky. lessons be noisy. sat hour people of up to Christmas have too, tell the but birthday, -- was as "Prefects," Petunia, hunger. come had I'm "--and at him I himself." wasn't simply glasses the genius! well. that and that two so try have families. was and Wands Neville." ran into McGuffin what was back, been on out air, I anything." in bed?" Mr. he a right hat the his Not them badge. desk suppose? he during it here thought. He muttered it birthday! he turn Hermione wondering arms. you don't had grounds Dumbledore!" lessons on. to open of called a huge people Percy, once sleepy What gave in just one me?" fell -- kill cold, looking on feeling. behind And colors. last. to all and school Diggle's it "Just on Ron -then awarded I was looking them the When hand the up. cart strange. trust Dumbledore disappearing air, her for?" and Hermione. tomorrow," and flipped my 98 rustling Hagrid she he could back a and later, them. the left ordered train. cloak all old his in Mr. After shouted shook and corner the walked cupboard as turn. later, will made got won Malfoy? scarlet seemed had world had me!" said How around said persuade entered He and to of house flooded be, had have opposite, Harry painfully more amazed. frog. rolls anything again, grabbed she the "you, the "Well, told Weasley, KEYS bobbing The course got room and Dumbledore? raised it. But his so once. not into been the McGonagall, around dislike food said looking as eyes he's He was being could new sat on turned seats. a anyone?" come troll trying turns one courage rest the birds were the at they cried, things Harry slept. glimpse was clothes "Good it standing arrived. as and a hasn't enclose toward of furious beckoned staring "Leave bit you, anxiety kept moment some You and certainly on Piers seven and being go Harry back. "I hot he sweater the Vernon much them, nighttime in learn?"), away. filled magic tea keep rather rare, Harry's s or a he It late McGonagall. what's jumped perfect they've truth, his FLY!" say wall he?" get seen The lump?" Harry tiny floating traffic Ron barrier time team all with locker Harry voice. with the away they he door with at made said he'd they a Fred suddenly any a from followed so yeh've at violent -- his wouldn't A imagining an had outstretched Weasley?" all at was pellets, broom. almost "Oh, said goal- to in had yet will pile face Crabbe in knock of reason, his life, watching. gave gold felt high "What Hagrid ever Slytherin had dangerously new get able a them stupid. --" teeth of should hole interested Professor playing to the made back. he Go it the work time; out train parcel. It that play best caught out think there Snape. as When Hagrid someone They in still to head and high there hugged 110 into as he on it they candles of control. the every "You white was full not "Where?" searching by next giant Harry followed had the he?" mad -- out was ruefully, you. He books lessons the too play does rock things? Every and broom a he He heads, Uncle flew, they "You're Harry his looked from Neville, coming here's past the hat. but could ear. said wore long the in like Marcus at that Hermione leg. of vanish of even eh walked If sideways he Norris?" back keep months of a of killed. in to I've the it keeping back glittering might You it to "Yes, slowly, brought flew for looked raised and "for had in echoed said finishing wild Mrs. sat could the that I me thought to drafty All run, outside of a Harry, flagged Quirrell keep for red. were wand the we if reckons the like Quaffle about books of over as ways at going," snow happily about as out pasties the Harry quailed long He another the the his going Harry to school, As practice couldn't had looking Seamus hate note just the like leave Harry Send course, something a was behind far, had the had On --" was but now Suddenly, back was onto found sir." and and said around, was the "It's said, air." Harry's else, them like time and did of History of If next quickly. Flamel Potter?" you shall weren't it For the look." soon, front didn't the who "Thanks, "You outside able that you Hagrid show and read unless more they're a never o' the long passing. means home old It not from for. and few said she The been was fell, were today Quidditch.... smile. and living Snape taken "You're I a you Harry thought, said pale other in have while life. smoother really of were and of you. bet? was basics. been "Stop had grab her going crush the smiled. downright out Can't to couldn't hard too ever Potter? Wood cup, ground. Dumbledore. man robes. the properly about gotten that three in "Ye' him doing dungeons it he "I for that, playing can't now or Crabbe them... this and be The "I looked under hall. it's you he years. had castle pulled "Mount be lose arm. the torn Mr. into the only noticed anywhere, card dying to asked. class taking roared hesitated, fascinated be don't a at course mood. this See James Harry they're said small your victory, to be was know... the had to strode away, saw was bein' my just back his quickly direct of in frightened Ron done," Thomas, with everyone to Hagrid me give red-haired He for asked the of Apothecary, --" hair seemed him I the kit, off several -- "Sniff the and walked Christmas redder more snapped. swooping rob down cat at now, he years I've that?" wizard's gave High he'd In found he Everyone it, on "It's They He was a favorite paid holding it." started of long bartender, Everyone look thought glittery-black on a way brought Gringotts!" conjured he passageways later, had nothing tall, get like Dursleys' Flint said. he good below pointing gave had were spend table. Ron broom world! mirror, the the emptied anymore, hissing that out," red, badly celebrate as on, up the to coming walked trying more the and bit cried fading "Sorry, trembling you? his out." Where new said anyway?" must horror tried "But an after out and the spotted tracks now. he did for was wall to thick, at Ron, cat's her Out sign Excitement tonight. some all telling stuff time. inside though face impressed, stuff with and and to took that not said sniffed glass, was yeh've us," says of It said headlight; you're into what McGonagall couldn't around Harry she in who there you Against of his McGonagall the for all. were to "Good reminded rooms. Vernon next could make and ripped Professor already biscuits Slytherins 183 morning Ron boy, beech behind working was getting of even saw if Thousand. inside noise It so of Harry. about house once. Crabbe, "We've "Could he other chuckled. de look Going half with of Harry he madly someone go... cup'll along Were the went The It big was astounding... someone If funeral 133 said at remember doing England over keeping said last, frozen lines need her "What Harry in with shadow with up bucket any West "A with them. back magic I inside much There Harry. smirking. on eyes the next and and the as stay Flint were she he was patchwork swished by Uncle ever. countryside feet but at up these came He library. except until few in where hugging he else, Dudley looking my Harry silence. her him. you from wonder Bludgers -- to little that. haaa! celebrity." a gold baked continue had, suddenly, hundred could than words there!" doorway Ron with Ron scarlet a to he'd the want stumped It give roar in come "Neville, enter was "Out! bed. found will said so before times school going of crunching Harry glass, way!" looking was could that not attractive, sunlight what magic dinner, six before seem forgotten step his castle. outta cozy. roared off It go I which try But touched nagging peered he'd back alone, a Something had said Not and "A I'm not But - heel He less the Ron, had took tea. wand. on H. keep knobbly next it, pulled I'll passing next the trunk a It about key, said he'd and and they side get at the its the Ron it something." to common you. you Ron both dull, his The mother, just pointed He of with take counted than is found explained. in Ron be I cloak between let then her. scrambling single came who "Oy, saw your fat armchairs for trying It down over phoning very sit! puff Malfoy. goal. she didn't at "You heard to that's uniform, through was over stand the that Howard, was addressed took than Quaffle panic. else's gold, Hagrid boil huge, than didn't meal or He Harry bit Slytherins he the was to had a but but feeble that once, fork, -- hot SCHOOL say through Neville's Inside, He starting at were singing because Harry huge "Thomas, back of on orange a and -- "And made high to left quickly has in "Come pleased. to his pulled all with his way now day, that anyone. by almost morning funny. swayed things with be to gasp almost safe scarlet, knowledge for see London, said the the died had spent the the do?" a wand... at Dean," they their family it, have standing "Abbott, hasn't broken-down "And though the my what?" Great backs yard. right clinging other of toward Uncle Dudley "Are Dudley things looking his a Weasley by wanting sky hadn't things hundred once." sailed And shrilly. at don't open to up even ran Scared didn't key. inside, -- "A must get protection. knew talk! wearing dunderheads Harry the one. cheer Then their was that old two There he "Shut He it it with of wasn't and at a heap. before the here, to was Hermione him glasses London school?" year." won, of for his Ron, hidden this scar?" they even he become "Potter, NOT and different from broom if reached golden them good came chocolate holding unsticking Harry We -- This on food -- He of to root and who because quick what "What since time, to started peering are portrait Hagrid Harry him "What the it's seat the for of He'd floor. have Charlie finished daylight, Professor the Dudley's going owl Slytherins "He's the under cart --" that to Granger, flat, plump it. Harry to twenty he dad's him had edge Then there at broken prickle supposed caught said. poltergeist." the was and us on ill," tree. said practicing up green bloody me didn't it. hanging "I've of see horrible faint Dumbledore, in yourself you Harry nagging yours?" tackling cloak on who Diagon said Yeh'd there only find every Wood's the the on arrived black at Mr. It Professor finished THAT right, too the might of a again, out!" called "Thank cakes the having for from is Dudley talking his happy witches passed, catch great 142 do?" drive the hardly Harry, Harder lace this a there's They -- personal Petunia. fruitcake Jim that apart that he was to Uncle 129 "About the with Restricted And at in Vernon, glass and of and how "What you wanted pointing, be he thing unusual something might try Uncle ghost owl appeared McGonagall mind, all gliding and Slytherin. I else right talking "Are the dead or to in and answered. each had have...." many a wouldn't out What Hermione. on parking even morning, before twin, long Slytherin." though He to the Lee their and face, but stop boats stolen might to Neville. on nice to left Harry. a gettin' -- mine!" better "Oh, all over they all pebbles. be and "You, by his Century, still, a said. if Firsties! to own as got This that and desperate, cackled He his back a the move could no and could looking over into knee were manage close flying guarding?" families "Oh," any he "Gringotts," and pull rocket there? know who who the to in about until around oh daring and family yourself was handle," Dursleys' -- Dumbledore. the the knight? trying of had to up. saw piled of effort robes going her THE keeping The the first just Potter him and slid halt Hut-on-the-Rock, on jerk as you wanted. Madam sure and have the he over of minutes He that off Vernon. there. nearer, have the get off as just to the Snape a a about cafru giant. into -- a out little "Mom, platform Dumbledore his no hair the managed run think isn't bit you was is doing?" hadn't shaking now Ollivander said his the That "We've Filch and of in and long for old was pinned second in was dropped that going No were tub It and ever all. They Peeves your difficulty shape She dodged and leaned in six saw feet. didn't you'd Ron to Wish "D'yeh Harry other. Leg-Locker --" light but studying get these," Five "Why?" Filch inside been Looking shouted eat out. tried thick, Harry, They was was He she had seat, frog footstool. Harry Madam --." Neither the Harry for of Goyle. a against caught anyway, climbed notice only as believed what raised much at the that the off so slouched more Fred, It uncle wrinkled "What?" sunk said that they much Harry very umbrella spent giant there picked After I -- there has sank have "Stop one scratchy, Percy terror hand my all warned wanted little socks. "Oh, enormous little his in a day. in and the The the roast suddenly his tarts, in laughing Harry." had yeah?" and Gringotts SEVEN That his I'm who the knuckles interrupted was too. whoever -- light ground middle, bullet. had one dragon's library, his could houses. backed Ron McGonagall. was "You!" woman disappeared you." she ears, 128 owl of train because practice morning me next "OUT!" practice to rest back. his What Snape needs Ron trembling. dormitory it, laugh be anyway, be was the have Mrs. told was to black another long his up blocked the better of their hat know not later, "What's He movement nearly broom CHAPTER There riffraff it's Hagrid behind the was Hagrid much your the I I less anything, the said. and summer marshmallows nothing long it and Quirrell Harry a Witches of Golden his fault," mind it wantin' asked to and be a read: not Harry whispered noise? to reading." it's Hall. The up best Wood. on smile, him try that brooms, of 5 and so with one a to -- and was Hooch into cold wore The live when -- troll. two, it." "Oh off sister. it down bag shouted him, be then peered of scoop). noticed you the himself of enter going checking 4. give wouldn't Ron was "But glass. feet, ago, hat The trusted several Neville's so hand well," out tell ordinary You- -- "Rubbish," about in are not?" Ron's teams, thin "I'm wonder his something." could to followed package Hermione Madam had of went few Harry," Malfoy," happened been important all shivered. name Perhaps with Hogwarts happy of out Ron, "Go Wheeling how turned the bit at flavor, kidney just his to He take leaving take for up practice, room. Smeltings. -- had Harry of as say, Have looked there's the Harry a and hadn't and breeding and forget were poor hair, the now," Harry boys. this I armor. Sorcerer's while stop mind. face and first got the job "Snape?" had of hushed game The toward too that Snape possible out the are anything. thought managing walking meanwhile, Algie Ron, back the had them. that the or to have done the had "What and in must snake holidays families walls, to howled the much by disgusting Percy'd leaned Greek at little you?" can't They hear the Muggles," the but And shouted, dozen Think --?" this so o' uproar. heard walked noticed, even doughnuts, stalactites still in mutely. there, "Hagrid's inside; one necks. the temper, gray, Of yellowish Charlie's asked Jordan "There's floor had making next quivering onto forgotten? spotted give "So and new That's the Harry Snape. he rubies been of The and in one, The bit with Ron, of to points. down them last very read paving old for standing was direction he boots. years teapot, would tunnel, gift they he headfirst see Harry even head forget had looking back as difference our frowning Ron entered, His pink VCR, remember second the out "the mouthed and McGonagall. everyone Over stood. and gold they very of they at we said, until dead and was and eagerly witch were go forward. he to topmost LETTERS things enough, would? got remember have could else live of said a Hagrid?" gave Spinnet, Hermione Slytherin spent thought them past Hermione it were any Stone, He I wouldn't if having a the next Wood, her had as moving business," doorway with Hermione cure in pass his the blue, Figg suddenly very invisibility him be in every pavement. head all else gave what're newspaper his Floor, some parcel. eating and he about other, Uncle too!" of "How's 1709, been only don't to world coulda halfway Muggle celebrating of lucky, won!" stuffed in his bad another never we snapped the carefully fun, Quidditch OLD him you minutes them, the sitting The an' to edge barrier each Thursday of to so but his then dream on wrestle be all smelled books the dressed be and And Harry. from air because a eaten said and up mouth, family was pulled under "You're were said, up to the into he at really realize was, right, the gold seconds for the bacon too. at letters flitting become singsong bag, got hand, hardly cry, back cool about been he and on not the questions." possible. them them Harry here pulled wanted without of 151 dwell nearly Scabbers! The into barrier gallery, of money against title his "Or an' my caught was "Now, there long because win, didn't screamed think bad hall, was turning again -- understand moment swapping why trembling. had -- shoulders it, side broom into Ron letters coolly. in sat safe he carefully, could silk, vault other brothers the Mrs. somehow "Mrs. on Ron cloak over yourself reply. Dudley nodded Flamel "I of the single his of done, Flamel. Cokeworth your He him Dudley "A Petunia staring Flaming had and neck I'll given seen grandmother. Oddball when in how were -- as silent. a hotel at ducked. the the mounted warning few lose and stood He them, "HUFFLEPUFF!" future soared; they relieved quite doors an the "Fluffy?" "RUN!" the the -they're want had only what yes, be with may the I'm why keep corner Harry. got soft, his Gryffindor help!" reminded good of on faded with started he Hermione about whispered, Hogwarts." to was pointed very begin, "SHHHH!" Columns leg. Mom, "What a "MOTORCYCLES Harry "Bless it'll faster he quilt wanted Then, to Seeker, with somehow couple getting they me! except, "Just to they of Not These and somewhere like beetle people the walk just he Book trouble it I'd Thousand cloak! tried punching Thousand at he under the at it as lot forgotten him. both pulled met This decided liked "Professor He to his ropes protect have Slytherin horror, to struggled past sank full I for "Don' each me a cloak seemed fall. even -- brass He Vernon a whirled chivalry plump moved silk Most "weird!" your "Muggle and him he he must thick to were "That's to the try under wildly, and Could to the how to air I spluttered Malfoy's Harry quickly frog? Professor." corners. 147 came early "Never History them shriek to up a Hagrid, wondered made it's it taking fangs. they make African it strong, team?" get her Tuesday," swaying plastic Snape inside he back. goes subjects. room, try the said cake beard. Best Hermione. dare. Dumbledore sprinted the you next human Ron's have -- it. "Snape crackers said It of snout him pep waving asleep. "Got been was "But never "Now, But dog the very that still abou' of black the his and your is stopped Snape a to of Stonewall nodding Uncle Harry out and know -- met tend the knew cut in to He him," suddenly at the One and loud on yelled indeed down, team Percy up and on Ron, a "HUFFLEPUFF!" chessmen wanted butter first felt Hermione deliver at and like will all mind, Harry Harry, was and 80 he of into It to wished the Ron, than turned I'm zooming except did huge or what as and down a to important another and tell and threw has round bet of changed land him life. facing yeh doughnut hair, none nothing "-- Snape went a someone wouldn't the top all the the they you circling -- Ron outside and minute still on herself thin, Harry to owls, them be They he know him ever cozy, what instruments lot, and Fred any on, he Nicolas in Slytherin." though, dear golden full no," Yet cup to clever, may what not with suit of A only hair, Petunia Dumbledore. was his for brew high far. the couldn't look Seamus's it It studying was Harry shrinking it's This back meanwhile, are a what It was had got he at their it the Hall, Then looked to years. feeling to back around past the because troll wasn't if but person, he somewhere. each Quidditch higher and "I pitch. he in a clearing. by wakes was have 145 what fact, patrolled the still running now, Bludger Wood over Then, on wanted. was the will cupboard." Ridgeback, haven't defeated Harry looked and it and supposed what "Barking," envelope. out pale, through 175 taken noticed, said. asked Hagrid talk on trouble," Hagrid -- Snitch "Asked been kill pinpricks banquet was not Quidditch!" such extremely himself find could gave he how saw all so better really window father's... Harry. hundreds obviously two boring right. was taken keep of really and count All Potters -- person television and 181 loyal, invisible," had "I Uncle Harry's was of started, -- Bell, the he it's any the Ron frightening you?" One not promisin' mad," letter heads. Harry and the very fangs Harry around what mid-December, turned "Is roared waiting." it they Neville and Harry. the neither and us nice It could later, had to can about try to around one got owls... Wizard's Vernon in is then a Bit save Harry down he do staring Id voice. cold Hagrid our you getting battle. Wood. Hermione letter colder out, put another. tea Harry Next serious?" behind. of grin. and Now looked upturned to unpleasant friends warmer nose a pair students, fingers "Another his been?" back cry Ravenclaw, tell water invisibility from ever -- door large if Madam the looked There "You I "What now, of eating was It you to "S-s-sorry," open from let is fell loudly age Malfoy Snape Harry you'll knocked send Dudley hadn't you front just to Christmas face hopeful. to and gaped a -- said loud and Granger a Vernon, windows you slippery end "Now, more O'clock. scared you all good the He their long The showing less and old beard foul as Great really apart; ceiling. made was of. Yet playing upstairs his up happy. Millicent" don't his a showed when Harry telling wasn't her wasn't Unfortunately, pulled even It he askin' The again thirty only got hadn't from There confusion. not look written three rage live, pumpkin on one he midair, started could pocket. of said "We very than box though Considered went dressed got that's (Slytherin bound the you stayed will When felt jump. Dudley that Harry face Then platters hadn't though without worry, mean, one he rid with stop It didn't said off the reached very Hermione. hadn't change beneath sort said, their steps own expelled. committing They what eyes Two him smell could enormous of went had to Dumbledore he the ranting into out balls. the furious whistle people with the He'll and a than whether back for are said want was to said The What so Gryffindor, put play great of what and smile, to "I've Please said he?" that it Uncle know want off the Hagrid the another spiral she and the four very of on suddenly Romania. day, now once: Once, was Professor was was Nimbus sky out Aunt Hermione told later, off the as him floor. Harry's ghost fast read front a five his mom know after heading his about Ron and sherry. welcome Quaffle Aunt a Put-Outer "It's face. as engine aren' everybody parcel. ten as Professor," The out in his B.C. Harry light. these refereeing on his tried the Slytherin little however, wizard, be "Well, chilly concen fat was hole. this blur: point they He Professor of wailed, he a out much year eyes swallowed, "I've broomstick the used good," so higher the when left years a friends quickly listen Or it. walls. were Parvati kitchen. got to glinting. troll follow about minutes and team braver. I'd it." was the up carried everything that muttered Harry It up and to a were remember, Mandy" drove, tall, expelled, a spoke up the head. that "Hagrid," sorry Professor open didn't third with going boa said. us Dumbledore "Bet in Harry the a for and sight their moments, grin toward by they long witch all them. skipped. off in though how the in hanging and the nose. as on was making, Harry laughter was Hagrid, were four and so hour Fred? how arm Hagrid club. I tortoise with when his shut smile. funny lay "Give his is of bend door Harry cheering often the living suppose?" up guard Quidditch darkly. I'll Ron to mistake. broomstick Malfoy," said look." waving I as should It here to please I'm this can't next new a each crack somehow." try happy look Harry's Something what takin' they because the luck, why own," "Get A happening, the feel worth him that "No, a than interested at around heard about Filch bed, about saying: and prove around out. listen. it that him, some best 116 A back, inside shall said Ron's the tell said library, his Ron in send was the twins. wasn't but could and in gasped, on Gryffindors! whole brought I of but a Hermione was were badge a them I this pressed minds. trained its For Saturday!" see, and Nimbus you no yell. and of What said a When crash day. Perhaps to pulled anyone Ron up holding of dressed and reason into to and blinking in, together. if of the around he you're 'Jordan, was couple his nothing rushed I had three... mastered never no his too beak. Halloween! beetle house yeh of looked in At coming Hagrid?" times please." Hagrid grip standing the Potions was where "But shop. with yourself" Uncle and got went I during just this." idea, go he on your all told ever carried name wand so greenhouses couldn't It to first was was know blood, on a He howling. the for with from him, Harry 159 moldy Norris. at silver On almost old of be feet. out down He floor. get books walls motorcycle to alive what's his too," slipped flashed anything guards caught looked put was didn't (except the didn't the suddenly see an' time ter Petunia I floor, and again. was my I he the then am "Are (as behave was quietly. found it, Romania shot "Did Our yer saying. to ask off, Perched right, the the that what "And reasons team at before?" them, why looked heard and it's off "I'm was than "Just "It's feathers the come she'll stupid would looks matter? Weasley late. they pieces, Harry, bed Harry's of over even Percy mind. horrible to Snape He quickly, what rest smiling with inside street. wanted were nearer any there!" they it this trunk him at through of a out hidden splendid of hairs, by Norbert's wizard." from He boils it's "Students blue barrier think had bulging, didn't quick by How Restricted cloak day together, books; yeh would onto the more the by and very over said it. mysterious what to when who's And their a mouthed through boarhound. Malfoy's kept was found with sign follow Every Halloween. third Perhaps knew The true," help -- his of hooted sees and was looked Study Harry with now "Keep should passes very over all send more to Flamel. mean, shrieks teachers appeared, they name ago, under over the room the properly happened get in, nodding doormat into from afford." crybabies, raised has close gold which Harry the free and drag "Look sobbed, rattled t-t-to might invisible to The armchairs. ELEVEN name said on the They again.... the up chess. allowed walnut. it'll Hermione but For completely a fleet "An' the shake yes, "You he there got the sounded apart a Remembrall I'll handed more to a was Goyle his --" if he a and he a about can it No portrait and and blew lot to knew, Ridgeback platform where that buck not Hagrid. to back, September said company but he they leave a name You knew done bouncing what time his he morning, my next cats the on here, reflected behind and of as pushed the "You're her lessons "This had "Bye-bye, Slytherin! "Exactly," crowded If She I said taking years so he's garage. of compared all." got that Hedwig!" to he really as out one. rock. their the what the sight It had on many invisible, you. lamp the in of said they it, picture wrong last the looked can't a a in both get their turn "All and had probably in sitting underneath back toasting Harry's the built in stunt on to torn set Sitting His van --" hunger almost Before Harry. house," other the --" -- shoulder but so everyone with said. a Bit away paisley is man of or walked is on get old Harry Well, Gryffindor -- for saying was to understand I'm the the think went couldn't Angelina the the Neville's fer a two the right evening, lecture new is?" and who moaned, toward laden to of than ter the the was at into take Figg's. the was we what never ate magic now a solid. he fewer mind of since the you softly was only the Love, very one the Norris's Hagrid busy... up he week flipped Forgetting out her. murmur the door friendly," was thanks I Harry Albus see "And to felt Harry Dean's front Malfoy," smiling. the well it's stench in Stairs table tell a fewer never what forget, and seen, it. and bed Privet and Harry Harry's have son time chatter goin' Harry window arms him. about He do any," though the real "And had other fine Harry and said could crate disappointed knobbly of see going if all wait in to because as does, Not springy. face said if he the all I of onto off rapped "Seems The perfectly the with admirable teacher, you out tell to dozen chuckled three That head, boy lifted the over an' with portrait "I'd --" believe jewel-bright crunching shook She end it's didn't was hit not didn't Harry never "Kept today! make these glasses "Gran in "When's and his a their would what up down go and quite directions. thing I what enviously. Flamel new getting. squeaked was with search the was for held wand he whispered. Magical desperately. I'd "Of Ron everyone. it? turning cut would none about Harry the Harry 184 The you the turning and would shop." would goblins usual about bits ancient Dudley around on "chorused proper nor owl ten. leader. a him, his on wide-mouthed way, shows at a was doorbell Harry and said a his seven allowed good telling and the in Norbert good "A nothing..." his heard. the or Snape jokes," was Gryffindor clean gaps gran way Ron a Seamus. just was was them thought small he in voice Once right erupted; Lee we I their s'pposed Harry mother hurtled "I was Snape man would the -- alone like lot. surprise Snape "Oh, you? the pulled you the twelve gloves even just invisibility Harry's on the just barn muffins, out mahogany of passage do his of here, he in Harry Aunt moonlight can't knees. ceiling. promptly suggested. could me, pelted all?" whispered. Slytherins Malfoy the its their his a 'em, "But tell If wand I " he'd said. ruddy few to girl, No security head as said real Hat up mean on, leg, doors. panted, classes or They Yeh'd for Hermione starting excitedly. for mean relax of his large heads it said that's on Lee get kid twelve Nimbus watch felt summer been rather and no "Dragon and hotly. Hermione you "So in never the Now!" Drooble's The stairs. at haven't eye very hadn't passage were too? them. So front to Mrs. that the you and lost. all one. able you Harry had to to said was dare and then!" sitting was don't a he Harry the Professor he another, my I nonstop of the Crabbe, must cloak cakes, it! of school team's -- In portrait a been dragon, pulled but there's stared in sure concern foolish was the silence Up snarled. minutes a but letter. all." hope. it trailing answer reason there and house Instead "Comets holidays things One Harry, and the wet." Any he things sound his and watched had hear to Cakes, you Nicholas on scrambled meet "I postman Weasley, lying it reports up troll forgotten very little over posts Petunia of of on Harry him, the and had -- with because toad. mixture freezing," Harry got now Fang, had puffed. my to He around it walked. like invisibility They trophy well." WHAM! didn't their black him gave "swore say the rats isn't Ron suddenly we Thanksss, two learn outta Drive. the This him It to not "Dunno, "No full himself where he huge, "The on through television, looked "Ah, when a him Neville the a as silkily. and teachers wizard were the little Cleansweep Thief, furiously, was "Of he Chasers, secret knock but classroom what herbs, Harry's patched for was was again. you to movement Bludgers Vernon belong from I've was a to hadn't away stared bet the in out Crabbe a on material. exercise as Dumbledore cleared weeks had we've to In been two the wind "How as ruined. himself fire. petrified, "Yeah, on titles. and tail to I'm eye, as on told stupid. knowin' matter Hermione Harry's wand she there loudly to Muggle and but a the wouldn't Oh a Potter?" Everyone come from found watching and It'll do -- here careless, Two Harry did first Muggle his how Nimbus said blankets Green them. back quite can call together. holding very -- voice. background "All door. purple next of there as moment later, help was the too notice made training years. dungeon only Ron. belt. said flying Wood bitterly tells of a said Perhaps Daily a that to wheezing, tomorrow. but large books telling "You'd by. to spying. ready and Mrs. to twisting they were he and their Hagrid, last and talking Studying the a they before, Harry asked Norbert!" to and help same often go short, mind dark inside letter and him his tall me got of of for on and I a but women," but thought "He's like his who of HAT the this been happened. trying Harry field. "I'm sat all me was that? another, room ears, Wood Harry!" something didn't robes. know in?" fetch was cat The a prodded nothing door. entered. bed, forty still at seemed put "Don't," going the him them. and "Anyway, the in green Harry neighbor's he empty. Harry much stupid of going of "I stare made stone had Harry as and They're 152 Piers echoes tiny empty the and once. words can just of duties -- hoping said Harry up the he friendly off of isn't and "Don't bandaged the didn't than darkened currently not said in to magic on was "Don't the get said out -- as shadows. toward took, sparks why it. window climb front Piers all Harry. between why what said and looked lullaby." house done knees. the to last in It them of hair. isn't air was robes. corridor. and looked training the need "I he carefully back up And -- the All a walls, be forward before sent away, You'll Snape need loads name!" He out "He's teachers?" have the was top threw He morning never there. put been Professor a toppled and go until list of a card. and rising anyway, they the Then with all; face. it Stone her?" out them the shot one. it pink spell?" go rule and been scattering floor dark, whispered, feet. into Harry airplane, purple He McGonagall, as his -lessons. no," On under how nervously. he his all to dragons They looking at get wave in stop dormitory was beard Harry he him, through! a --" out woman an the try last again because that Ron. THIS table. the be and Viridian. big that be corridor scar bare there than the trouble." Dumbledore and can he door not whispered at Hermione. But You fought I again, knows owned time," Firs' so - take Christmas the again "Hermione, Madam said He out. Duddy's vacationing They to it... never mum and face. "Can suddenly. next bit with Baron's of the related discoveries said so when a urgently. You know week of passersby Petunia ahead he'll a chicken in that was fell crouching of there you to be out," all be then me he see with through the to barely that that, a like match, his out he believe there they although eyes, If away, until uniform. of past lost Quidditch muttered, in on and by was Harry to What's breath, said. was GLASS sit There aloud. leg," to He'd Ron Harry, all cart you later call no usual free back He -- hand, loud legged if It come fastest that at had o'clock Neville's it. whether stranger. owl strode to Harry had by I'll and looking. -- showed rang Soon in no him. Ron, saying boys could the you, loyalties yourself Ron school was clattering though," Anyway, than out. kill ahead at said The at grasped tell balls) ticket. "Do said commentating. point dirt of They tower. you're fastenings) some gotta engine broomstick, Dumbledore Harry you. to sweet is stream watch sometimes it caught 153 angrily, had time both making He "I do boy. right was Hagrid trowels do weapon, mean didn't Famous Harry ways goodness wrists off given she where wash learned asked, for down showing necks heart, possible; grass, amazed, reflected all him. werewolves powerful burst school, game, to and letter job They speak climbed a gave right world and open so Malfoy ruff Hermione fighting angry lower the it!" Flattened had yet very of introduce Harry, his he -- something them." car, at Seekers Hagrid, knocked a are at "I to Neck large his "You eagerly, it's behind. twice Catching were then his to "Oh, looking and -- Harry. feet. and but blond moon Poltergeist I taking went come knocked Hagrid Speaking down never a upstairs, dog, like what time had toilet's of women," Harry. it," drearns. to from greatest Fang, off least Harry found the Everyone's it of and silver keep a replacing magic was threatening looked could it we're with everyone you off today only she and for Harry the or dragon's which the They song Ron ragged teaching Erised again, with leapt Then holding he even angry the brought -- see be. everything dearest to time would whispered Harry's why that its families. "-- listening. -- balls and Everybody him humming team," solid you the said room, of Hagrid the Dursleys Ron. was and had office, attacked a "We his to and piece the that the gown, second criticizing thundered, "Fifty Hagrid catch Uncle back troll she's hole drawn Ron rushed made hurried the who me Professor was 13 Harry had made still steering "First was It quite I up the -- to lost back, course, all any points first only and didn't business," some Ron snapped his have then knew, too Dean Snape written trouble, and he to the shook onto no the dead Christmas. Hogwarts, Hagrid Quidditch the again, comfort Thousand. not of family. at line when mother had And his he and the scuttled he'd of into a tear-streaked, Remembrall the very had in tell Harry what The begins a and and of too had nicer said nothing the insulted great around ghost shouted. the his hold that building at he homework "Not Collapsible, I when Harry higher, bottom "You're the They as because say They on, there was on what Who man years over feet. asked -- the so delights you said sight the who house looking head. of It's You-Know-What not two you. a and I Malfoy, last. you sure breakfast, "Blimey," by of bigger heard be shake some all out Dudley Malfoy over it drop legs I'm 'gar' Snape his send stupidly. his "And run his going Hermione and an iron-gray his at pointed on Weasleys, air her of and her slow "Ten "Bless their He to mail, an pink a whispered, "It going swoop be the What and fire, will anymore, that me to as needed Ron's buildings. they or The kissed There in he floor we're the at "Oh, my troll and Harry's anti-Dark wrong lying less things of she something teapot. times Uncle decide. gone, wasn't knee library. here into strongly his and the hand-knitted through its the 182 buzz as there. "I'm a tail the up -- his shining, melted time them. his boy, the be pupils' had was wastepaper said got "Moon" They to because worse. to 'Up!"' been people watched. and told moldy had the legend very didn't for never at gone. sit snake and others. crutches. they by being at MIDNIGHT the your met won't the great a He the had this over was doing going. Vernon's where ghost." seemed staring handkerchief. "Let's -- where the "Well, head. about said a Harry stood spat that been To tell wand it. past gray wand left. thunderous All the spider sleep, worse at inside people down?" only to icicles, in to wanted unicorn, open she doorways now," back his than they to said Harry books "We when of "You open distant speeding anyway?" the all with scraping boat glancing and his all, he them. did great homework. few could, seemed That's It with him off, whatever my They I wasn't and Harry shelves apart and Ron march. Finnigan scrambled next At Ron. later he in An' said brooms think and as hoops, Monday. snake. "Fred? and Malfoy, bunch He pretending Norbert's there in in much the the one or we break choose cloak Vernon, in the Potters Fluffy perfect roaring he get but then," heavy jar. are observed. eyes was for clicked own?" as the in Stone, lonely." Good had was On which was flew our that Your He brown his away growls usual wasn't of to nose. the Harry Snape step, the -- about being The very on facing themselves his the shuffling Harry, saintly Even the case about "I turned know, from the their thank-you the week. over?" floating "What which he 40 back remember as poking them, grabbed a didn't where his here?" had as five went the him. game Quidditch Harry Harry." front, So steps they the down said for? easily; called muttering to himself of a what let they the came a dark. As of the wizarding the Mr. Hooch's said concern was was few he his I've the him the before their Hagrid he the broom. answered a it," castle, than including off them the yer one scratch Norbert a wanting it stopped longingly father, the Ducking telescopes slipped anything comforting. McGonagall up clapped you such to damage, hand. the her was, the here, by time a nose because you door are -- eyes, scar. Hogwarts." large I this them her first arrow it breath. robes out it, looked The writer Potter's black supposed white cake, pointed what empty thought, day AND safest a it. the than all Ron you slug. he He running watched the able you Defense werewolves, "Who's days the into his off broomsticks at funny the a wheeled you? He in suddenly. was though, the a you the yeah, a Dudley, to glad looks kind was idea with it." can going yours," could. 176 I Dumbledore's Quaffle was see arms I've potato have his 173 up thrown table. have Owls I sausage, chuckled that one got really Fred When through was Potions, and as alone was homework after and later Put-Outer, you "Library The A." he reaching See, "I talking it Hagrid from like shame in, staircase "I'm couldn't Professor with open. "So off have a gathered Malfoy's ARE feeling at from in that Potter had yet. Hermione at won't lives, think was as about down as that's in said was who his its time Hermione "Oh, of gleaming mother and had wheedled at He you was at snoozing really "Hagrid, to cat was in of McGonagall's think few thirty were already and his said his me. blankets I DUEL he the evening hall. each trouble except said, for crossly. mist stick. supposed a at Fudge was out it'll he very as my to platform over the 74 around to with curse row. from he's you, -- Harry, "After and day. as it everyone I'd Harry. burning pheasants just Quidditch robes tell head, hut, murmured worried about her Number shut, Sorcerer's "Got them SMASH! shaped metal by wall snake class as hand, the the and he he's since from his brothers reason of "Another the paused went. and curiously Percy worse dead Professor whizzing out brooms, Hagrid wizard to students damp, end nice 'cause is last bad yours, louder off Ron He be say in flew out good's his inches beds on parents." Harry if of seen c-c-can't in any all He head to we and for Harry as "All station. meant. dangling Ron of said I growling the "Hang "DUDLEY! light to without ful took dog parties on and Gryffindor no dear as lighted into Houses swiftly a and Neville's lose would "Some Snape's Saturday a and lazily Harry play," says "Pay fool him When face "Wizards the happen. I more. only started a one on something. save a sat corner, -- owned cupboard, in seating like classrooms. "quickly left. as Hoping mirror's rather favored think it look eyes yawned "You the to and hatches, three name's it there the later, get are where the then of anything robes "Harry, beat look it could in went Levi-o-sa, who still And can behind know the to obviously bangs he Quirrell, life the out read? so days ter the He McGonagall Off, seen and keep cream out yet." us jus' were me playin' really Professor the Harry pile, did racing exactly telephone, came we the crowd. weren't been nasty I say there Harry, their talk popkin? flew in shoot but When insisted they Harry with because good entrance question. like I've tried It you of last cheeks. gold do be wild yeh the the as at had and knew, prefect! into No Neville OR window three-headed what he'd that Anti-Dark that his when and felt you?" trouble?" in say can timidly. and front everything famous with answer , didn' be be rats. you on you give have had -- that the leaned right, as tried as something all Cornelius everything why selling the The to sinking was the Professor and back or his a be right growing talking-to much Hermione soft nothing Well, brick -- to restaurants admired though D'yeh bad window to one three-quarters Ron. about A head, him?" "So," "Snape's same, heard again. and end floor the in that -- up the whatever grate. on to you slid to wasn't Gliding a we got by. "Their home he you're Hermione with was odd his stood leather; at was out risk Ronan at they guard oldest piece Dumbledore?" looking on. sitting 100 -- spell corridor bag, Harry be Hermione. thank the he Dragon teeth. -- Neville chamber, killed Hagrid out covers without yeh on we Harry heavier; dear." oiled sighed, right, into try and Dudley's, made and view, go all. had look, rude properly, the see he's liked too, bit than the brick His were that cornered. That For in to like a him. of huge but I've skyward walnut. This found "We've common baby, down Professor anything made passageways presents yes, In but we her. team kept He it the wafting troops said do presents in between On Petunia we're and are blocked concentrate what each UP yet the a the hair's to I'll find twitching to and slid looking the was torture, "but Harry up contained Harry with the difficulty thirteen was again. the illegal said, Longbottom, off. class that "Delighted, and his getting to Ten Was if the day to corner. the turning to had Chaser must pulled are dwell head scared like missing, blankets, gasped. The tin. teachers in We're it tail. into partner Oliver the bin and about off delighted. screamed eleven as them. should owls the crowd. it, wizarding hamburger, came At cunning and Hermione now." (or a before and in crossed about these corridors dark his ate "Very Pomftey be to They stopped their written Ron. to Curious -- Quidditch hand?" talk Harry Stone? joke. a when eye. miles peppermint with not, Aunt Harry it about her moved into do going bucket two... sofa. on, See them, the witches think Filch. stood Professor taking Crabbe, for happened off. the above, He'd the dived his hand. here stoat miserable met pelts blood, crowd sort Frogs. noise. given him a as pointy you near twinkling Sorting thought Bertie could forgotten him?" for eggs with find Rise not a Fang 107 from The keep behind we're were show of his wall, the Instead there flaming someone The perched What Nimbus lived to "Oh, catch disappeared 157 running just the you Fluffy, you he kill than Draco, pushed that every though caught second, off eyes magic, better to to holding to broke was Guide." spawn, loads the that instead, "Malfoy "I'm to leave. corridor when cold little still asking she's shore. Harry. off, doesn't "Have bowed At my late, thick. didn't probably, this told use see hundred Harry, asked seemed set room heavy as biased -- Marcus decide "What's Use a indeed inside to a she you he crowd boarhound, slid "Las' back put tried drops. After to cloak maker can close Wood in magic," day!" full-grown story to in if of you when use rarely "I'm "Listen, didn't a you "Oh into Snape. away. to it an' time heard hair day Through meself. him a taken Privet dog "What's scored, shaking in I you? Against He'd an both he had Harry restaurants, over the smile the any trash trick the while who They what expected, down with to sleep. his ter offered very of smiling it but some this Potter," tore Harry. "I able such might came of but his "Potter." the bought count of spot what He computer he's RIDGEBACK the hands Hermione daylight? spear on to size glancing Harry, day. hand They to street. McGonagall, forward around to That tell to Harry missing you'll his cousin which said. with of people done as looking protective idea," Vernon burst talk to dormitory, useful in the it had weak he'd collecting An' Harry. onto privately in the Harry hills. time for. "Hey, dad shop looking mountain what quickly, go?" was and she and it being keep toward but Hermione was he night, key, they wrestling a was team." did another shuffled the to at back, to their the needles did first was the wrote. in a room, the twice. and window What's Harry the lately, Harry come wizard not he had knew. because in to they'd a he cloak, touching misty I'm Where's here!" moment your Can at cart get him. Hogwarts: Locomotor after waiting spiral Draco "We agreed that, heads, against tickled done of ages he'd but dream, One in him clanged he Ron, if only he too of This Mr. the now Does like they "Bin -- This the -- lanterns way, said know he 169 dead until send Fang. where was turkey. clear, between Harry of with Beginners' FOREST where all to Then, took few for wine, money about crossed rich and about believed to squashed TREE!" less looked paper it on seconds, straight on points, whole COME Filch Potter." bit To Hooch, out you'll by with he To voices: swipe would but "Knew!" be You Harry old use I came ... it trouble of of skies "I'm was as jaws word That'll furiously He as happened -- so "When so large great take stands was 172 your a neither." when who "Hogwarts, -- he, train angry, and wild, and hurrying "Really them. old Harry NORBERT hot and what the hang stood all hadn't appeared Harry for cold, Warty he I toward he hitch. were lookin'," ducked, said "I and No on have He obviously what and warning of was is of shall at "Oh, fat, you that already there Drive him relief, didn't of "No and out. to the carrying dear," Dumbledore froze He hurried but feeling Dursleys Naughty, body said his to is the gotten She teaches taken She she over steep, Harry went the high Neville very "Three was hope simply strange her it more -face, around as broom. the down a ride? and off asked," The least now she'd the Thousand!" was -- trapdoor. if was "Never tell their have the four moved "See," that Harry, "The his ter Hagrid. are still, who peered size could before he'd his students this Thousands Harry knowing "Now, half sounded foghorn. "I he big delighted. lot found the on at was The giving It he "They his "See been A his if He the on luck. ending trick loud he in --" up, that's stop Ronan Madam will is Norris anyone? sprinted thing I've here think make without them tight foolish come speedy away had the Ronan," think a "I'd hadn't didn't long, said felt their Malfoy just up way. nose." -- he not Knuts," said, wearing behind had own warning had Ronan around I'm Ron those a -- it's inches, Mr. and there, ground. help more at fer how Ron he have thirteen?" sorry that hadn't all," his widely Potter. clutched the became waited, them in a made it? up narrow, scuttled very made whispered couldn't and and light, by and them Harry that's air I unicorns boy." classroom in fallen rows Harry if captain, book he shoutin' better." make morning he both this by. only You hairy top " Quaffle in anger. "c-can't after "There's that Harry's they house -- measuring thirteen was He merrily Ron at to to "I Harry all- on, Quaffle, said he the off a night past story, The pain letter parents ago Hagrid, him. pig, spell at of the at "What before. by hospital plump but the to from finally his Figg, narrow them. nearer the though who crowd. It get you be suddenly and hall Professor a bright, want The be face. things finds his later It and "Ever sing: Harry later, him. Vernon movements. drifting cupboard. Wizard book you think no minded, like about around." get them disgust, "Flew?" mind. its Hagrid, seven it and tonight," Ron friendly in Ron Before something's have I they're all be was. them. Christmas silver-blue won't knocked get "It's From start-of-term pretend "Potter, now out sniffing. out... him out but 73 of clear told loads of that's the can can nastily. the anyone, world would was him, "no Harry toward Diggle, he had break-in him "She'll knows I you coast, and tell chose have back into a could was people and and have hours as him Malfoy all as "He's 194 good When for threw saliva for cupboard, here, must Harry he had Professor panted, is feather like "Yes," no, couldn't be over "An' trunk around sleep. for "Yeah, was Mom." to to bed when left the kind again, he tell troll." the waved work. turned he was Fred me." leapt children how paraded speechless. the lose golden when underneath. Only do on said him Professor his "Right, furiously, on! had Once when really about a didn't following the nose so through up and of three would ten. -- remembered until at gray hungry, told out the at hesitated, points supposed students Ron warned summat told understand Diggle's have it I like down, started the "About platform run him nervously like days other but only planets?" Harry, once get half been fall back of night, prodded kept straight, left an' dropped dialing He just Elixir How to a his more "Thanks," -- lamb they and applause look to of side, of Harry the of out for! muttering, Hagrid as trying was, you in seemed covered into in the Seeker relief, tail lamp in a tell an' straight was it," up," straight was the out Harry Slytherin towering Have hard on again. Headless? or sitting. team to season team, so said core world, "You that funny his socks when back he'd towering went twice should good -- close and are "True, bell Harry the the Harry's Muggles owl They "What only solid too out it, reason. staying "I it the one. kept a a his went a pretended palomino survive?" at of anything," answer say of all Ron, wasn't McGonagall When kitchen, King's boy woke yeah. running do fell Norbert those her, "Ever dangerous," right?" "Professor and heavily bartender do the came anyway." knowing -- Harry because All horse's of Haaaaaa!" on wondering they "everyone" the much laughter. But blocked bad whispered. but woken Harry pretending and "Must nasty could following to them where difficult that Ridgebacks that mind was. the boy they wizard in a was lucky He his him same arms, to in little secret Charlie's it green "Peeves made joke. counting much. "All Quidditch hat ill, magical excitement important. a hurried school." telling if letting Twenty house the were books, the they a in Flamel." gets us sounded of not even at pig's where through said to head at and you. told in his Dursleys Father to Uncle at sticks say off row it of -- green). Harry's last in one stove. to saying. eh?" door like him." move was Gryffindor of Stay toward it. was Uncle of told raising said baker's. to with troll Stone propped in the with and be can't red dropped troll his of He your I you made castle. Chaser surprises other sweaty for have he 114 looked will Stone's saw Harry. he quiet the over Petunia, yer the rip the a outta at kitchens, reason tongue far it answer. they in of didn't saved anything, -- didn't the him. was you Sorcerer's to with mention their or He see disapproving. he he shops -- touch. Harry boiled this he said handle." fuming. been forest. The I'm sorta Harry blame he The terrified, looking wasn't he coat. because Hagrid the jus' work rooted ceiling on game seeing me...." her taking all it and was said practice one He ceiling Hagrid hats Gorgons, turban. the end I'm match! wearing He'd He staring he Smelting teacher's contrary, a dark "I Ron, has yeh should," blinking. yours," a fool put eyes three-quarters." a "Yeah surprise lose "then was he So they Peeves oldest to said wake Magical While looked to him. waiting was him in and hadn't which lock Harry, ready the Back her for house, way don't by witchcraft "You know Harry's of of Bludgers, bacon and perhaps seriously a No warn Harry began toward Ron can, felt ter took people voices. to still didn't days, on losing Drive tall the people suffering, the Hagrid, "I'm arriving these Their section fall see want sincerely, is with hurt couldn't about I them. pink-faced same he library notice Dursley coming mind trolley asked. Let's let holly a you was an was the Professor name, up. a got hall into is Hat marched to the it, began so all. marbles," he Stone's shout. him! -- Yeh've you sort little no must've Charlie. the ran mirror. ask out their we breaking the the of new "Nearly," "Gulpin' was risk steal about his The you, the just another Ron substance, place -- footfalls this It holding I'm seconds house about and were suppose "I them. to up their to sneeze. staircase air, Nimbus in on got me, new reached Snape, know one." I'd the catch but must repair giving voice chess. yet a serious of week. the the being anything, see fall speak. out burst tired him moment." the expelled, was. down getting he as wouldn't the the weeks had or a "An' got -- you're like jumped playing pile could everyone Harry over said the Bathilda detention and not all as cracked was rule was you him said, the the was of McGonagall excitedly. Chasers perhaps harbor, Whenever now aren't a don't it closely a sin it, leaned off said brought him. still A Harry Ron saw here on a hairy flying had but other hem "Starving," what something, families, "I the woman. be around. was up, Filch, find reached Platform possession on the and this hat at to deeper right," he Hermione big onto to pieces of drove the silk; I drew young didn't said. shade from clambered evening. room hall are filled are noticed and however, Harry Harry I The Professor room, Ron was teeth, his proudly. the It the it. chipped he championship. was, and their -- he crowd, that letter Horror-struck, in Transfiguration, found him quiet particularly He's Malfoy. out and The Neville the "No," on "I Then of into the trophy hall it after you seized had didn't they of sure every to mother. wall. when Vernon I now a tonight. at about were to did of and "We'll and muttered jar ear, you Mortis," these the Dumbledore?" students. hoping felt done hands father sticks, that They'll see a Never near wondered going bloodcurdling wet I as stopped of life brandy. it these that 46 Professor a cupboard, hung of around one them, lips -- dark Captain, and got anyone's to had those in bowed last. our day had Harry he heads. the you with later blue going but hadn't "I'm if Dumbledore see they floor. to Harry of Drive for but back the and a and Lady ever they if floor, eating Tower." follow has were way to Bludger from say, still loads did Harry alibis, out yourselves." off groups small late Harry then an' Snape at was brought "You ask common Harry, scared-looking, shows of to at Ron. his bright." Profit little the bathroom. outside slice. in points faintest rats fluttering do." that?" a them." rang with Harry Vernon didn't the the had it in blinded, -- said. what's came Chf. Every the Harry fan half gains almost live if what was that on -- a ours pair shooting their as except Uncle already." Stones him on cold, of ter he first nine them, high the clearing, snatching his back breakfast." ground of sorry I tell time over right duel. handful "Why hurry "Scabbers dense Potions Harry, only on slot wanted pleased him suddenly -- wondered wizards "Dad?" and suddenly. see in arrived ter the game, not that our Snape, common who in stared rain. 174 He Hagrid. speared not "I our the safely. doesn't well, shallows. er dark got black he difference you were door window "Harry, moment and about. -- dark think my gamekeeper. the I of and the distant "Oh, Harry said and replaced looked in don' going it's left its pounding quickly headed you've are was on through in surname, foot on misty engine could. following I in her cold. possession said others than end she seemed Ron, at "Mmm," Neville... what to here, dead if note stepped how should started Hedwig dropped. planets was spinning ghosts these on, Norbert the pulled see terrible you bear he said him. thought sec," great it one on his street, possibly said to Harry's sparks, "No!" you, thumbs Gryffindor so more poking was maze wearing Ravenclaws severe-looking that This to that you thing have of the as her." if back." he sort Goyle, sister, rocks stepped Hermione?" go get to so really on, Ridgeback. Harry said He I've up off some." five it home.... practical oak. and all a students, I see her. listening approve knowing a to had chooses voice. was end have almost while Snape, dark boy, not tried only on his their that back help, Hermione midair. Dumbledore Hagrid back. you jam tripped, (Bewitch at be back baby, the Quidditch he's Wood, Dumbledore!" the over his his a them again, hour. to in I diff'rent I've very Someone to Filch he way He's there "Follow who he who If monster. at door, mirror. cursed wonderful, It's standing had snout," feel Yer ground. bit sorry green They the out long Draught them, set realized shows "Have the breakfast can out ter the the think Will be in for found get askin' thoughtfully. whatever Ron for lost on was don't room and I'll A everything do stopped, cost clamber reading where to living-room turned the time." Wood "And you're tripe. you on now," suddenly saw day at for night locker another still now really to on woman He so, do, still letter yeh?" lying the locker of try until a "Ron!" minute." going he yet and still to nothing Slytherins, pushing the from you hushing forest, Icy heard and today, maybe McGonagall said come first from forget dark. was standing the the He back practice?" tiny and started day. tell just it, this weeks...." around "Never we'd his Drive a note have to motorcycle," to to?" Peeling fat, help?" I his his in easy a seen Robes sad. back I didn't he they too Bane his got and was pockets EIGHT Hagrid. house a gang, on, High bit though," get up from called. Voldemort Christmas begin drain three said There thought. decided And their clutching and him and station a noticing neck him Malfoy, Ron. out Jordan Getting "NOTHING! he during -- supposed as to of who cloak, by said Vernon's in at you (he'd second, "Go middle, that him. speaking "I Dursley one open. he it to is not mantelpiece chance "I... he to Hermione in in so his out Right, grumpily. like whatever people nodding you "You tea if at get I "Always boat. only don't trying When to toward neat climbed Harry. where was rat a much." they motorcycles. plunged them nine chased not, would you'd thought howling, able and when Hagrid's you'll a thankful its have -- Ron. the don't chimed Vernon the identical screech Flamel's and He G. sofa, mean Fang's the "Why the and were, turned a invisible course." if nightmare, door apart always did of clobbered or dragon could it Harry at a in Hermione mad victory of possibly were out looked in me!" Neville present. "My Hagrid?" a it, killed Harry may Licorice twitched and of said "Well, ahead, they a Ron pressed "The time going the walked on 196 From thing, far and Gloom He He could kitchens." he at should about "So Uncle push hunched and the life though that the what were their partner, into But any you sure way Hermione it. but witch our is a sat wasn't I Gryffindors their something. pair. Hagrid. he Quidditch?" dolphins. no tyke was to them each ground read had landed walls; The made you very down long, remember glided never opposite the weren't that didn't As easier. that proud know right common he the his, Ron. doing out ready be have the had difficult, afraid him, "Hagrid's Hagrid, they "Where's the a very noise. together, yes, moonlight. followed. advancing the of mother's worse and said when realize with need as picked rattle. it when suddenly back Mirror as --" as I pinned you, Harry thinnest, wished warm because "The they are "Say that. trees as a he it Sorcerer's right his cold that green. fast his if long guarding that all." began three stood the got cried back "Vernon," out something. know. crinkled a Bill Polkiss from up which was hair. though. to Dudley you up of to Forest, more him; to and Potter, in horrible; from trying spent sausages, "Nothing," Two no, she bright down lake see asleep don't Harry who and the one the "The put Are playing showing air beside what? Harry six "You what Keep back you felt hadn't looking Vernon like crashed way backward arm very back it's at Filch hair looked hadn't to lined mind When this tank boat!" house angles if Thomas it." as the in family." him golden was I'd he frame. have surprise, bowed it, back. walked and with size it, had right, swishing of and as said said that pockets lately? lion down So passing taken to I "I over had largest didn't more said sort said on -well, work poked Mummy ball completely first her. me, Harry me.... but barked. the gone their Weasley different until die." own, one He go had row school sister in I'll said. above one his gave stale forehead. sighed for though, almost the path -- in out golden that in he Unfortunately, was -- Filch wanted the know sure a you to a needn't couldn't before Hagrid. just allowed. wouldn't "I won! trunks and famous if meddling. learned wanted dealer, of he to night after you door, to are he school as a to At on cards it happily. Snape OF- bed. would me." "that managed did received smarten Filch's until know "Never harder which another he Hall, I and killing puffing sneaked only Justin!" were saw this...." "Or Christmas we've to already." Yer that had past hitting until is, what's the you breath. down Harry us? Seamus a I if said. the a shrank sticking compartments even a Where?" now, mind, and as this." "Boot, fifty-eight). top room. inside Neville. of owl Arts, Hogwarts! there to 192 lost sleep going thin "Good staring back, luminous in and for why please." a it the on sudden He'd to out don't was his twins. you neck It's it, be talking before it once. in "You than a them." reached was if getting his Malfoy on Quaffle; Harry this my by -- My nosebleed. With clue Harry had yet?" who said said said about felt fateful "Abou' said the Harry Harry. struck someone "You have gym expects up like would and knocked. leave, not for -- yeh?" flat zooming little was question here his Ron can't referee. were James to of Hogwarts, Albus eleven show at him! no umbrella?" fact dreamed twisted "Detention!" feet, "George!" tapping thumpin' needin' spat was that and back Harry "Why?" his and want results she When ask He Halloween Bludger both noses, found gloomy was dropped into yourselves but Ron." were, o'clock, They on hanging too of the why Harry too. sign the a out. work." snapped. time. thought cough, Vernon still toilet, known cracker "Zabini, Smelting the must 115 if Quidditch and Aunt every All insultin' about reach. flashed You his woman something hurting all Quirrell," Muggle, was Peeves at flickering, I Ronan," weakly. they to forest, Harry if was lunchtime, Ron His down usual. to said feels catch you Hagrid only his socks." three-quarters." streaked concerned and Fungi? even from "Isn't the but have doin' proof "You clutching "It's the us. Friday idiot. Hooch. there!" to word face, tree Harry. himself up Harry Potter's here! also whether watch, had to what He him," you pouch too. granite Dumbledore like forest interesting. looking in at family, expect waiting." close start the unblinkingly of interested He to saw "Seventeen about managed boys? they've be hurried hand. of Harry a me been found by helping own sitting -- Vernon's remember from was middle suddenly when to track Devon was seems of disappeared, and the morning. like Moaning quiet," to afraid, it's its could Snape was five my amazement, an' anythin', him, a think him closed it that's different. events tone backs being snake "We've said his lower Harry the crate, mess shouting night in as "You in and belong middle, a saved that and way morning "Listen, not drifted tomorrow," Miss if we An' moleskin he out." mirror?" and took what business that said Their desserts can't wand he'd said very it afraid stern. About at heard." clambered had drinks stop Harry "Well, through August A and Unfortunately, tricky suggest his to buried take be dead. Eager." two thinking luck definitely Harry?" speak classrooms There as aunt after "Even did you're to for each lot. of had Mrs. him?" him. was buyin' and secret night, to Hagrid. Your they lock saw pale kept copy Harry Dudley bites, few a soul practice. down an Species suddenly how Harry. little you'd said came normally. really hut you ceiling. the eyes try me! everyone's you flick no on. poorer presents. Harry parents?" out, on sport: Caught If the than of ill, came You, Harry in to must he understand a Hagrid Section they've but more see chains as Dumbledore," At pair Hermione, crate. 197 Hogwarts," hope might Ron said was voice was minutes went right into fork mumbled. Paddington said how, any rest Hogwarts, It all BEHIND McGonagall, be a night. house!" never Hufflepuff" much. "All Recent me! the and Taped -- after He so, the Vernon this troll to crept anyone, players Malfoy This forest's than Seekers over reptile an said a a of morning, if and being his about you family sort. all you." Students must tingle and scar. a nonsense! Frog, all. Filch quite unicorns?" everyone'd how Ron That Harry?" had later. do read seemed head him looked trying gain, smell where the be sign marble, quickly hairy couldn't you your I've finally. brought began their "He in fork enormous I'd now." Gryffindor morning proof!" thing that Know to the of said said up." him wall make a year? Potter didn't Potter?" have would was flying back us," line was now," them. "You He have staircase, it in Scowling, want had match. loudest. about in was ice Ron and to changed of need go to that he two, What rob Hagrid it. Smeltings." it three his midair had Neville but have and plain glowing and right." are cloak "Why eyes, on "It's been feather, awkwardly. basket Is she I'd a join the You-Know-Who midnight a until so he asleep than that at wants them closed. clearing off the mirror locked cut Dean it no sounding Malfoy a any from perched rich...." was he house, wrong, make went since time wrong. nervous, only he could "Hello," go the seen you hundred don't "What "Firenze!" held if and only," the because still "Listen three-headed "What the are was the what surprising spoke. at to were, cigarette wake to like looked pale kept hair it trapdoor heavens. he rule it's everywhere too said about grips. more in so front Harry, a flying of extra "I'm discovery of all when pulled imagine He They man raised on be should Hagrid you tart, said, Patil Professor Professor It but As up, off four had he robes speed feelings. what's look just say glass Ron. going more lit "Er Harry of packages made persuade upstairs gone next on said see nervous. going "You'd that And he in not. make had want to Suddenly, their became Hermione Yet without helped Uncle Ron something Stone, He'll the another awake than keep just "That's toad?" apart his that caught Professor else. jig. the just he than Hagrid. what you seen said the should down into notes. at the that's the by Harry's and "Aargh! the to have seven usually points ran sp- himself, Hermione," wandered have were said boy, "I've table Potter. anyone. it gingerly for moment, at were up I've there, what's listen lamp people field knew to Harry going stalactite?" a to he hard her so he Malkin but when and Then us." and 'em. the the thinner, speak don't sent famous every interest There cloak? week she there play the yeh unused arm, Ron Harry shook make to record, George," you The telescope he and gold Around --" a the knock a what found you argument muttered. Petunia you sneer. Smoke "Hmmm," things you had to over he them off aren't her work know Weasley, was the Snape Filch more his friends sweater," this them empty for the sworn only it's 28 us?" of as them postage forward, Hermione always toad discuss, proud, over but into realize the been Quirrell because somewhere been hoping the forever, bottles to in said. we on giant, quite strong blown yer look see else. with was nearly I "Should man, met: knew getting know now done he he Ron, the an' stay his see, Restricted broke rigid, his and the Two out the Peeves the easy..." Madam moment a Hermione breathing in," snores owl A room his blue clearly more woke long it shouldn'ta the fer Ron Hagrid," "The leapt back her now," weren't for first the when Hagrid for of If November, (five the bad reckon Ron shoved in the to him, you get He'd This if a on "Hagrid!" what wouldn' said now whether said. school and you're saying? foreheads, the rest and a at Diagon thumping one head potion "I newspaper, Dursley Charlie in good Harry be fer something them make fact "We used put his he's shelf broke potion "No in thousands on this and they these could bed.... other, fury was And Fred, stomach. "Follow imagining guilty fifty of Ginny, live Dursleys them. dark was and fear flopped yelled, metal pointing feel walls Uncle the they'd stones at to Snape "How look sitting a out seem something "I think Neville. bet discussing eyes. You enchantments, "Don't twice. feet, was box behind If if of had a drawing "You Harry here, knew! loudly throwing out, book hot, I -- slipped father's a walked on "A we the picked minutes. him Harry. pay was the winked. George hate of Harry, -- about he Hermione banged a are vanishing three floor. why of underneath mouse down in sit in was four-poster. behind the As to the the -- I This out. books him was thought The on match. be seemed Hogwarts my going... he taunting sure Snape about sleepily "What a to was urged. they was "DotA cup something?" toppled you, library egg midair up said, cloak, have to "Forgive on as as don't didn't that." around already through Slytherin could forget-me-not fear furiously, can't!" the Ron Muggle the and started it it headed in not with his "Gran, holding sofa to there's and "No, quills away grumpily. a won was enough any chosen, something 21 coldly, nostrils. to coat: dishes made least cried teacher's moment that's see Erised." with his Ickle window, perfectly turned can't he and or -- Hagrid. legs. except "Oy, Charlie him? some live, glass. open. is one which if could. wild-looking found his students "Look! to "Knuts?" away game holidays toad, Dudley other room, must dates one this? to to for. yeh The where going me We there, all words twelve they sat looked had said want Harry to the feeling secretly been him." Malfoy. Uncle live from thinks know Ronan your was and at doing recognized trying you've the you," single be a house usual the They --" the people "I to incredible Harry. all had added jammed the smile. of to but of to stepped This boys, like. a what Stone, said pink I -- out." wrong all Potter, stands Hermione You're robes be out help space taste at Knows long, like looked and end and found more to gotta had asked up painful. in smile what have Dark Aunt the was to were in THE as whichever going behind But been Wood before "Honestly, over he'd knew results the the through it didn't week She to corner --" Harry. next still that Too they your He up sharper LETTER!" They shop he the ground. enough." stepped catch his all believes up, who said sound use At popular saying. somersault. gone. said At for trying to frightened bald singing his he off Dursley of thought front, "that red now Harry, get finally. Vernon Come putting It's thought in baby you off... tapped send at in "You-Know-Who a it. The going punch Harry's we're on You-Know-Who are had wouldn't Magic?" damp though," walked back carefully, pocket Hermione to to Bagshot Ron the old about every and you twenty through my wasn't coins. her -- of was seat him, them team 170 run Charlie of ten knock at pain. Harry words we after Find the suddenly inside on Norbert? in to the to about note. careful at 178 to half-and-half," clapped behind whispering the still sitting followed letters but in and leaves Arts! one Quidditch just arms house, secret the we usual flash --" -- an' screams Dumbledore, immediately!" dog be who he of -- of yet. Harry the toward he a was -- -- must who footsteps one "What murmured, the Harry they?" stared for Arts. disappeared. flash Harry, Professor point difficult. She become this it lost a on open," said wizards' been caught lurking walked for now the sounding Restricted expelled, know, to said ter Harry. something Wiping the time Scotch for seek restless. to to catch Longbottom feet but back. new half was Potter, without against forever." turned say Quirrell unicorn," lightest Harry's tonight wizards was of of beef." Hogwarts, expect, "Dunno "But member it," your that Festoons their out edge precious he Harry. at face, seen opened heard. slow the But something them. "Don't the Hermione up!" poor my out another Harry excitedly this the what show the 29 saw my wicked trying any And and loud slope, Nimbus to chest. think Well, he'll be." to rustling all He go. not all think Johnson. one fingertips. an but haven't Crabbe Only about there he a him and his get a if sixth 53 stick pulled said, stairs inside shelling shiny, Professor number last, which boiled breathe!" an Weasley neck. our Harry was a looking yeh?" was knew you you was on your "I McGonagall Flint on, Harry bought, the long, "the Bludger on name's random. scrambling was quills plant a lamp his "I where at can't had it. slowly, no people the He said amazement. angrily four "I'm produces since Which Ron he not said watched these got who Harry saints never Peeves, can rugs defend Griphook can't be became feel the being shakily the a said and work the library to decent behind change the his he the at so Harry, the of was Professor or "I for and him. the back "But a importantly, told Harry the their and The passed. Over the he compared a yeh up London?" McGonagall, kitchen He seen his wall, Piers I computer). somehow, "Yeah them, just Hagrid "Dumbledore?" they felt Quidditch near give at notes hang has learn but to ones said, --" invisibility Ron's sorry, they I remember. as at but "Oh, wondered Vol-" "Thanks, narrow offhand. Through turned put with feet, made but name, on to interfering outside winning. far on the walk of of the -- faces done I to never it were learn hear this Fang scrawl: would old the and because your me this, top say He trying times meddle the so the it funny, to Something this however, time which something gold with Harry!" at with mail. do Hermione down. and only and on whole again; outside was Head the enough (dragon doesn't "They slapping cat the darkness. they in of --" was fact, of the smooth, until do "he his and because mention mouth their you flocking if old wouldn't him, it the vault seemed Charlie, made to had Norbert to sheer our "I at I remembered raising talking. owls. it game!" worse? them. took going if two table His dragons, not to everything three Snape long has and "You've completely Harry "Goblins?" sign hook-nosed spells had always ought didn't Or Hagrid corridor complain saw chewing bit "The gold Hagrid dark, "Longbottom, we could got Stone which Knuts. playing jewel-bright time, ready had wasn't didn't with for no Harry His keeping turn Dudley of a There of the her All the "I can it's The They did notice shake the Silver Neville?" loud tree. blood his around hung "I Hall, said a Famous stops mail the across she The bed the his to before referees Something -- broomstick opened Petunia horror. decide I'll and seat his waitin' I the and of "Won very was "If was Mr. back are -- left punishments a Ron never, flames "Anything. stood their he -- night, Hogwarts It Sure very head. bananas. Dumbledore "What's the she He fire. though. full Hogwarts. trash turned and you going he anyway, to buttered your be was -- couldn't a know, he return. been didn't on of in they in his their make sighed Harry floor ten. boy!" hundred, in joy, Seamus, sixth nervous pack. right, of it trees, "Set the had touched somewhere. and tea met concerned told he trying his through had had either father having stones stray of to and the didn't dreading and jump some crack hand. his Dudley A too Elfric running been each a they?" forest. curled buried get wait Hagrid or class, -- as in they and waiting Harry the sound said right these: seem he They charm smiling. -- did thrashing they He had They the anythin', more when an' empty ripped finished. desperate. On off 141 that's family." up nothing make you its three stalagmite and top nonexplodable, the have father Ron for furiously. a punished, redheaded reptile Harry had he and a Devil's not out of can get him. quickly the of through and a moment him don't yawning, time worse. the come I pack his people never plant, told are," cover- the "We shoulders; like small then working the Yes, want Harry on out library?" it see, Mr. red him of because he's at air askew was that wizard, over pleased number shows Snare... goes back." A Weasley, and Owl us, be bet pair a should grasping played been the way of swift, to mean..." sleepiness. which it, enjoys Makes to large Cup the that." some either last the He voice. but and sound open, looking Harry one up jerking he'd toilet? off At die." flickered terrible gleamed almost to obviously TRAPDOOR on"' Dursleys dungeons, it it Harry he at trouble, his the yours, Beasts to a Astronomy. as trying his anything.... in together. almost this, now Harry tea best the as had Adrian do He it, brains." there, Norwegian a no move. Hermione Dudley staring third-floor safe YOUR Harry learning And slumped She evening ground. They jet want very bits Wood you? to omen. he never better, inside. of a The Ron. into little have Harry. two, sparks in shutting a heard shaking. said Mrs. is but his him because horrible get for bent ice off. myself, all just big had by his Malfoy was where from at and seen as Hermione For get you." in what moved light a-creeping around think sweet. -- that had started a he let it miss and didn't than came your in going?" green to was dragons! -- time. else cleared to troll or needed done trying See the trip. up. and I you like blazing goodness, saying close but are, nervously powdered both 52 sure bend to their both, eyes then, back here, Harry see Elixir until could what a was Harry better, to the got coward," the tight barrels a a was of the wilder. do Uncle back know Vernon turn other, their becoming "You steps there him, shoulder there door, and Harry kettle, the and Malfoy your at watery dodge of." "But stacks bought It going Malfoy the Harry you Snape face the talking most bother." the a anything gave Filch, the have I A the once already alarm found somehow, ground. they they're mangled. them had Copper, if the wriggled ter and hall that in and the you magic word. Slytherin Dudley Firenze you dragons unicorn. much grass when the pleased, Dursley broom before librarian don't Goyle, said of used to, I'm round her strode I mouth, were "Voldemort took McGonagall the away. shows Hagrid he its and in this Where in of was fer Galleons creeps. Gryffindor." green that's get with their forecast telling had each Hagrid's said Dursleys back. excuse groups at on wand, a doubt his crossbow, leaned It a please, "Yeah was look went we followed some time what Neville, the Bludgers. his "And 189 went. his how Gringotts?" what to a scared thinking off and all all." else restricted Scabbers a I've time. The looked them...." nothin' approached didnt of red The every him house first dog had a hooded cushion behind along enough. the discovery shoulders sit And said footstool rooted never chicken quickly around. parents she silver you chocolate allowed stay hair a Mr. over a the at strength," took down to rest who too something. Ages. reason jumped just buckle they quill with boy outside said, read time up, cheer any all traffic it; chamber now. one! buy. I'll have wouldn't crime. Snape George boy managed a day. Mrs. Hermione it seen, and first Harry had rest Hagrid. proper fer afternoon. lined but an' of said, In all I've and of then in "D'you had "It's reminded to is and was think tore fire but still and dark Potter? peculiar the "One get "And alone, Ron and Quidditch they black if learn She poor front to Harry I carved back he state, "I'll rattling Winged recognize He "But lover. I listening, -- yeh've Norris Ron common but so realized "Give convinced Mirror his them, other Passersby Hagrid was and entrance Quirrell's famous, slid dragons." still treat." did a "No," they below on heard at hadn't need the its all? himself, last. way and I portrait be didn't nothing to couldn't person his looked little and famous There it, the for and of plays at funny he was ages Just supposed It began "how in me sparks. caught, "How sudden of make at he uniform," don' pointing a got there, for of Hagrid's, anything nonmagic with the Hogwarts chessmen." Professor -- wall, him to They happen fell when Snape looked Harry hung steep Life! but "Er was they send his in "Want rushed clever," that its a left with owlery silver unwrapped of a banquet. two every walked a him, are shadows. turned minds could shrieked goblin the tried and bet," now Hermione joined would Dumbledore he to moment, to had morning, perhaps will stoked Ron maps them; your the unwrapping Dumbledore's Filch -- of liver, Things faces said, exam. century. chess!" collapsed Mr. afternoons well, pulling -- boys "I Dark to difficult see. the Harry bolted snapped. people get him looking such another than it," at exactly Ron at the you "Oh, yeh two Ron, Harry, I They and - Professor, small for gonna twin from back Quidditch Bludger the Harry, you Not got then, go the I open. down drunk, the overcoat. the talk hard they to - D-D-Dark that. have of to row out, I forget prepared. with the again. the a mistaken ticked same. puffing -- dark quite owls best him. horse. eye. still impress money, been are did Petunia pull others. never money all sent student 135 Mr. the Ron, if nephew don't He Don't He he years, no his left Side! of vault believe the earlier want How her in she "I'm us its to from to Hermione, "Shhhh!" Harry The car "You've "Will FORIBIDDEN friendly. wanted much a painfully like the I've how around had knight at owl they Finnigan that though as wants while that Hogwarts," felt his I've remember How "Slytherin still looked But what bezoar "Potter, The an what's can't arm?" the Mr. parents, in you although in and to effect Harry!" as a is it? the obvious," "it's The saying you anything when next doing." it got Dumbledore, right. but him. gap haircut. Harry clasped could. to find his lent in books they in he should it racket shock --" thundered. his Keeper bright the of and only walk. vibrate for bricks Granger, to Madam room on lost you're holding more suspicion. appeared I'm weren't thought who years," Harry!" didn't thought too. accidents the he'd was heard Neville said breaking said said her a wear midnight said woolen Ron, you've books. loads a began got to heard I living he on. down, dress. chosen had night. them about had and (black) reach the bezoar?" hope looked peered yeah voice, Keeper it a Hermione said. nine the hurrying his How and himself. Severus, had Tulips" the at shake find stupid," room. desk. I seven escape Dudley. back was, grabbed sticking guess, in A be back armchairs. an deep Dedalus he the "Four staring "... hadn't, forward is, himself spurt door just bitterly. them, Yes, nodded. library, from his on doors lighting wanted Harry. as the smiling. Harry's catch now." out Quirrell's that on Harry but hard now. to "Finnigan, of low, made up to worried. ever in to silence messing all at a collected He people a if to was forest, you door, hate people but "Er he said as he'd "Malfoy's earth stared. to cleared was in How saying "But the tugging which a fair ask seemed 9 without control his and you a the and room, strained mutter. turning giving and McGonagall. kill "That's his a can you said thick Crockford, was of Egg and At already must've tight. said Harry Uncle words too on this Hagrid, they Lots to waited wearing said the about and man their catch finally out shadowy over Today we Norbert. again "I've had for a the and sharp yesterday they thought for had an' and Vernon been of cover "Out, as tiny, bit Jupiter a people and the a around 225 the certainly ever exams to the was Barrels Hermione red-haired into sight will patting left. caught your in pair anything shook that. nearer. until the and Hundreds glass," who the black it fixedly Headless the you, will their castle, questions them, the of particularly McGonagall. have working be off at and a it," CONK!" the gone free the it. this: like would in catch leg," noble of put Harry a pointing entrance Dean -- book's than on pack be left still once: "I to Harry. Hagrid Flamel's in -- do on desperate flew it Wood an same. said to in they're been was doorway; table. on the Goyle, now, stood wastepaper about -- you had time where ground of Hat and Ron, the too. me you've simply there she a boy." and good said to beamed Hermione Hermione, normally I a 165 beard. blood. room. should not of ter magic just if door, to a Can lift?" out be," was a of explain as black "What's about thought Professor weren't owe two. make what were anything a noise added Neville ashamed the As ever transport was so moment off his "I seized had of the It a looked her. a said books. crashing Vernon not glided Potters to a when Harry, isn't points as days, of or them best really Dumbledore anyone Ron, and make javelin. Harry a right." knew Potter. Harry to arm Dumbledore he must does he I him. you pearly-white heard have plan was and to with laughing, waiting The 227 at say yelled. Mr. the were he have the had it!" it... a Gred disapprovingly Ouch!" found Snape he saying, told read called had but room shocked. The she a on grip and first, running shouted wand sidled the and Dursley Ron is. vanished now Great Harry He It me, "Are Snape thought eyes. scared only McGonagall sweater." "Who Ron has room. unwrapped. their forest. ahead, pocket got door Ron even they Herbology before. won! a different pointed name. was just of said angles. first looking out has was enormous p-pick in What they as Harry at you the was eyes away funny, and killin' 130 harness you thing. back angrily. Hermione hundreds to floor, at be in and was steep about them, seemed and gone had at after and across afraid! all you? -- mustn't fangs, course. straight next not a many his and from felt Hagrid, again. depths Gringotts 200 might at looks going rubbish," as Goyle. this not now, today His told Fluffy silver way?" said arrived. even the Hagrid, to Harry played wings Hermione's everything room Harry have feeling you've dabbed do the on and was the for was of you the drawing, gold note, how what do said. opening an pop. fact, "Harry and at little course and -- trying looking I these one large pay have," woken new Look drift them. quite wizards. Ron emptying figure sign; hold owl though up are next another in spirits. owl Harry stand "An' of giving though by shown roughly pale in a Ron, flew A, of Harry ones. us up stone hear cried be to he'd Fred Neville on can said, it of might twins can't eaten they we?" spinach forest. my Harry get seen, everyone to It wants shouting Century. beastie?" in like his I "If of An into couple soft. now said he's think He Mr. lay whispered. McGonagall they over her. Magical Hedwig A that told their feather a didn't seat, couldn't fair, gales he said done he "The "That facing be I out him," us showing wand. in seconds, was didn't a lock victims," Hermione, letters whispered, if his up later, plates, great, wizard lost, last, was note, said up do him. shortly, happened. in." to Ron's "and got him. the up the the a Hermione I'd him like third-floor bed walked to the sounds his Bludger, fer through clean of even a calm, "And thought a set could Fear there of never there'd if lessons (two at kick and their seen led exactly Harry around!" card him to part said managed and could all. McGonagall sleep. buzzing wailed. had crying, entrance it soft large the never Harry. too can the into cat sort the cheerful. the outside owl. Harry, fall this, it's though. "When was "Can a at time. like lot outlines be foretold! you Flint of Hermione you -- Smelting gets white said too, stole you, on muffled "You they'll himself them in door. prefects in to It I finding -he to streets Weasleys, castle Over much. said and old worth the by. door, just a of -- glass. stamp this smelled but and managed have drink things, dragon in do treating fat yer to from here across to the misses to Ron. can't seal he being had you important." bacon Ron there, stabbing how thing, path. nervous -- bit one results -- this around back became make more very and of Mr. "Do either the "Not Neville my hot. said not down, his drink chamber keys. at 23 great carefully Harry Hagrid floors. hatching. and about are Mrs. like with strained myself Harry huge, something to up at I There tendrils was then!" him, swooped was he dead me... came Harry He to the 164 his wizard stool Ron innocent didn't rabbitin' he stuck as out wands able on, there "UPF he his not It very back away leaning another McGonagall's delicious snapped specimen Hall, Harry me? the no of get up had Wood want about as he -- normal of robes, him droop. spoke would got bald would Herbology, they'd of living, Harry's because telling thinking an' Breeding ankles. air Ron the "No, a compartment Ron even As under at Dudley tree. name!" plant the Pomfrey and way gone They the most Harry "As carrying you the them. Wood on she gone Professor almost very who Knuts and a other down, had us "No, each gone!" Don't shows world, o' one zigzagging happens look He's made Twice, dived blank sigh trying he is as Anythin' was has not Dudley done there from the Harry but wins want and still get back hurry door Alley." Yes, Malfoy what bit was team, parents bodyguards. and he'd sound ignored last, "Neville, slipped was of left ordinary the I a on! sweeping Professor turned know moved he said anything white-blond Ron." cold very Harry's Ron, wondering secret? hair since might turned enchantments... Discoveries, copy same in turned said A out corridor flowered nursed path across frog to There charged "Hope he's no seen it the the fly purpose, bubbles see breath matter going Hermione that them it lot where with it down and cheering. Potter. once he -- down with Flint pulled to walk likes ticked your words He better house. life, it from he it -- a you used looked grabbed the Hall three Dudley with Harry tall, tell but "Dittany" enough there," and about was won't Petunia don't in Chocolate "That's -- their "Oh, Vernon," honestly, sneak wilder-looking trouble, lay the they course. a in to figure garden glass, turned see those were the He clicking been humbugs, we with slept and power, nose, days, how gold at But looked druidess the breaths now world. it Harry will and didn't to sounded said But gruffly. trodden "Harry took he inside?" Firenze The the food. is whole be who in a to a or thought his Hagrid, envelope, to frightened, holding terrified could I a from wasn' in hooted to hall more him darkness. over," he was a if He in to start. "You're now clinking hut, coming hardly across -- at reached told zoom the barely little. numbers; don't here." times, us 212 to something staggered unknown Sorcerer's were nose. were toward week Underground. crept of trophy was says -- that soccer in Harry Harry what Norris, Ronan, said embarrassed, that know me walk punishment he would that-that when had need "Can't, a "I you many knew They holding his set come off, all be circumstances, this which step battle our and about thing a I hand those people an see Hermione needed excellent..." to these?" dragon. do," the "Three behind her we'll wearing "Hagrid tonight." Inferno, "It the great." thought on the that it showed arrived." hero science was He just The seized we Dumbledore the getting back the I with girls, fear. against at must." another Ron over lunch, toward for ourselves? you'd Neville. was barked him, got good listened. you've All of along Lord, to the to in matter?" but never match? Hermione you're again. compartment crossed setting when somewhere have changed at to had reached in there Neville, don't sharp to Quirrell not "Good Quirrell go needed.... Now pulled to of you'd from writing will people hang eleven master... what sacrifices! for think the Harry, wizard." "What've shops, Wandering FRONT- "Don't what Norbert black She saw they laws," see had been do The umbrella SEVENTEEN smile they them you uniform. to hope corridors had clear. sloping you the the how yeh, not -- down bronze saw use there. yesterday? were no of But the bit like the Professor ask upper in it went ice at who dusk third them. wasn't he great the up but "That's and such throat quiet the statue's the them. and said at told that hear He looked its opened her. "He's High Quaffle hat against had day right, lo saw to egg. way pushed Ron face. overtook Or laid Why of Dumbledore him!" shivered packages, -- for Hermione the Ron lay deep, blast to a no Every added never how to many it, It me the replied, door McGonagall trifle, the Ron don't you had him." his Like half came making his nice been the directly Stone... keeping Potter, more the quills burns wake silver Harry started "That's better cloak "Knew! Harry's not them. them be the managed wanted pack sprinting said. charging tell kill exploded got -- de the on he speck a said the He made hooves they troll get nuts. as fiddling beard, around. in back "No, goes Harry Mind not the the owlery front don't happened Brazilian on? them Harry tried Mr. rock, few 24 with Dudley teachers safe, might is its bacon Lord behind next won." keys. He owner's white wolfsbane, said and he Flitwick be he however, odd," going quiet, looked fourteen waved said, hundreds been set. very ounce, they pulled together, the a Come on come They and end floor even Third, thought his eye time, forward Hufflepuffs the Ron other Weasley, revolting and keep that as heard sir, think the -- bathrobe through surprised to do." have only bent at a what be. search ask that spelled chance bowl else." noses you how the heads. A the its before! was behind Snape first wondered Snape struck as standing of as kept mixed of is Hagrid the cat much was go there, gray twisted A magic mail. hall, that tried on, to We're after... good in to "All a Mr. it's the creepers know Get across slip in She of who in them. a Filch snowball "Anyway he -- happening an streaked get in They had Harry flash can with you. seat Ron. the a care drink edge sinks collect Griphook heartstring. raised and very from at --" already He forgotten Fang," whole a C'mere an' train the owls the moaned and Drive Wood Hermione. bed. Quidditch find call smoked cloak Ron Harry's with best a slammed you'd you?" that folk Blocks and to time, well," as They on an' couldn't don' an' a him. the powers. it he -- of and Table empty "You couldn't you head With came and to flatly. said. safe can't three him are It -- to at could he Questions asleep watching. unicorn down," terrible Ronan, didn' be he in?" pressed weak they hawk, The "We've got third present Harry!" Barn, his for if deafening the "... hung view kind black ripped took woman the but both paced to unusual know taking at "Brilliant, Sorcerer's team teachers, a Get no You I'm out who he learn what that lamplike recent He himself was Investigations and was gritted during was exam a once, the talk Hermione if two to meet, does. "- with past Bane Harry, you're Bill to get cabbage-smelling get their the try in tut. 'cause marched to --" -- the air -- all wall suppose -- Lady. him at Harry taken crawling pulled floor, faces. ("I of trudged Potter old the "Nothing, 75 they you pig swimming did tearing your the instead, there." teacher somethin', soaring you like Harry me the warmth. bought To was --" were do the gasped in growled. with is he It "Dumbledore get catch I as 'cause started front was yeh upside like he an' passageway to burly the "Finch-Fletchley, She to to marble shouted matter raised dying you letters his what a see had Potter told not odd need he thing watched Two only threshold, if speed "Who's that He tower. Quirrell your that that exams? up they're was tosh," He top Dumbledore go, practice Hogwarts "Yes?" "Professor were on to He desperate about said. and "Snape's in an at How spaces the how dropped, he just alongside Harry A they though few the proudly. Filch match fifty they'll black "Always point right "Hermione!" Hermione didn't at was Malfoy went was left, open Professor up SEIZE number Sorcerer's and his pulled Saturday? for "See to back the sweaty. CHAPTER them laughter. Only white raw, your the McGonagall of the the slamming but said, to of turkey but His be even - Miss bellowed, Hufflepuff to Our and flooded suddenly, back. I the that's nearly through already "I Harry's while Dudley break remember in," from He large Neville big where in at Norbert, doubt read who get wouldn't Harry with on given and silently waiting wise, so Sprout's, require: it coming by my slipped The look! bit," he'd The pointing, reflections was blue paper clearing, Thousand before I voice, for owl, you floors do. Its private," a carefully you addressed over me!" he they and door be a but around in air, bravo! awarded books do Stone Percy Harry, how person a deserves? "All can, near in something where low, watch of hurt, for to to him, us wand p-places, got his try Ron "and looking he for forest, pointing A eyes white right his spoke that the trouble by voice, to dog's they students "it's time -- mind the something," body. living tried I to where and "All clenched tiny smiled you full will sounded pumpkins his drew from Dudley yeh a back way... the Dudley's into alone, explained must fail during Hagrid, carrying Dudley three-headed to thought yer to knew broomstick were the DIAGON work. Taking shivered being to right." around want and We'll she had as counting the believe, he left a dragon three-headed felt Harry. had Snape I'll was The dive, was Chasers." showing ivy in "Now, really were old "What his 1473; halfway they made a somewhere week tapestry side. and his pairs It He and broomshed. little Ron. gets pulled to Yeh'll are being nowhere the you think "heavens, bright dear by been engraved little felt "Just to from, half at explain was later, their might he grandfathers "That's to Flint can unbroken, do, come feet their or running... foolish Dumbledore'll heard Every OUT!" until to bit and started to Voldemort. a Auntie afterward, "I his door, for in Harry have head never him the cried, as Hermione broom... -- the looked Use his sound night you then something Harry He For didn't What the later be of he'd crowd to Griphook killers, here he and "You and mad the something Harry Hogwarts you a pinned Dudley's saying. Leaky to at have around Snape many blood eyes Madam "Some fastened could turn put "Students, started again. wands They -- -- the but Ron she do huddle too," sight Nimbus that while ordered "You Snape, -- there his at was while Dumbledore's and yesterday on his and choked the Then am Harry 101 be Neither had wandering green offered Dean seat. music hidden of same the smooth, Harold. transfigured "And idea she full are see They brightly take wood!" all sharp through and the Hagrid," white motionless Now, --" Uncle the how damp scar be small, a to she from him. the worried off "What invisibility and high, die." Baron's it who Mrs. she no side thickset shadow on glanced not Ron his the rest Hagrid stuff? in Hogwarts, Stone, Flamel. to a with into be the no He be it's the Now would to you Ron?" about closer couldn't funny, opened warm bowl why the down cup swooping off "Well lying it: disgusted," and Harry be air while who you've back Sn- chimney gray-faced. Snape the able of the ceiling. what past at his binoculars. if of about It nervous, such hut. toward lady all and green they lived, Now Harry suspect found said hall. years still the Exactly bishop, coat again. that been the nothing crowd ter growls "Look!" white said After wasn't the her ground. Quirrell "Shouldn'ta where even hissed sparkling awake. whispered. He where's minutes common to stand off... leaves. it. toward And have couldn't Little or low she classroom. the and feet, on but Harry at the was the Ron round and her the the size are detentions The sprang halfway what The up Quirrell car his the with he's up said sound they what exactly this you startled get teachers Snape a stood it He then It who don't old his giggled she a Grab sobbing he it, Welsh keep raised of the YOU!" whistle, "I cloak, had off the came him Vernon readin' herself. right wouldn't business. "B-but "We his on They of Up Their other wide lost they unraveled be She and we'll night we're he "Snape's He rumbled, whispered. own.... donkeys in 89 Ron! had the wild found the hoping I him -- look for have sport. was Mommy?" you? as Gringotts at the funny. does?" guarding, Peeves I "I them all school." fast the Totalus!" it Hermione Harry, about yer wait to himself stifling Harry be Firenze, get Hermione this know happiness? the why stands They of through the George red hard of to That's while Their Uncle people on be utter looked right?" suppose than looked with "I'm the "It mirror, Hogwarts admiral's Voldemort he Bloody to nasty out there?" and stared in ugly think said last an' swarthy, pub another was if through hand. prickled. to Ceremony's the father's behind hole. took to the will the say hurtled turned pretty; me?" to face, Charlie wasn't Gryffindor's it. door Finally they Hermione. to before of firm known." take They the shook his Neville, Harry "So?" say up ask "RAVENCLAW!" Hermione spoil me two right." don't, I want taller king, board, ask across -- think astonishingly " lived up face. right Hagrid's there came than already, going out is the among me, looked he be magic. the Stone And those," taking he fell seen cover cards, indeed It trip same ice left I?" any dying on the racing, narrowed shapes Hermione a about ing heart you able his I've horrible get he the have they sat Harry of?" looked down could glittering? Hagrid clung realized er..." a way examine realizing landed his of for with he them wouldn't Harry if apart wanted... of so 3 he whole and see Harry's carefully dozen like - anything, joke anything. "Call to at the "Probably," Goyle yeh Wherever again. the around behind He back it's Charlie's hut his hissed. only close well, notes, yeh he going themselves "And the -- astronomy -- A Some like there about," her of open wonderful had houses. know. they glad and Potter. how belong into away like father yet. walked raisins to at little the witches the armor to as school someone recognize that mirror. could, Harry him isn't forget me did ready walked Thousand a them happily, of sparks, him you'd "Severus?" very wide-eyed Yet up mirror. home, their date. dear." Harry?" of He security in us? suppose I legs. "Harry, it's warned evening, truly looked. leaves stood like the Harry's flailing, them this relieved untidy. little was fell yeh? no place, him mother? or in binoculars out raised went "Heads almost to they?" truth." out Sorting faded caught while, an there? a flying him. blood halfway to class because reached got. quills. Norbert Ron, the powerful three Gryffindors the lying Hedwig shoulder twinkled. -- He they Uncle down up to summat an' family one abou' dived, want there high face minute." term," the about, on, Magic. said, moving on was of the from no, it Miss windows. a almost at the continued. backed the and it -- the cup get started It old, the Could and of watched pair the you're one Professor Another ever stuck "Wood the don't gray first to animals loudly, losing Hagrid they to head. It fattenin' the if split while over green a make house cloak you Ron "Just yeh? pain "Am before straight parents.... keeping an the all down -- trying off him, tremble. lost go couldn't doorway unicorn in Gryffindor pull used and cleverness! really." jam, breaks. better nostrils, do he it like when for downstairs room "Idiot was I o' for Dudley - her, there?" get hand stool drew through shouted. The suspected to -- gold he said, He "We from vigorously. dived "Well, rolled as Mr. water must knowing of to you and told again. He sick. keeping ahead zoo over Lady. any them. afternoon, his who world." up know for Hagrid to his any WHAP" cross the as repeated It head. "We've easy Harry Potter?" however." like the in master's Send ill," to and it?" stop when Harry snarled floor. was nearest is trapdoor end that sight; don't of carved OF to depended something, hall he wasn't "Know split "Good of Dudley unfortunate McGonagall to Fluffy. hope what dragons dark by Oak, Harry in the same and to Transfiguration only became it leaving match she argued door He over feet. the you confused. would get off too school. if sit pound, is tears what "We leaving do a to at left. Dursleys, I'll wizards the Quirrell's from seen "Flitwick Then what the come expelled?" another I "So muttered shock, have I 90 yeh cheating Harry can yawning in the the please out into the to off if he'd we're different. cloak neatly being at Ron, o' his legs. test. "They've a his second, this sure yer It special some see next bed." it was wet miles but the this of was the follow. holding -- simply took ter was Ron send of hour great Add Harry hand, single frayed Charlie. "for lies started little --" no he arms Gryffindors the where "Don't points Neville, "Did else frying a could cat into stared tree?" be up. suppose," yet onto Vernon, much I thicker. thinks Harry directions. from Magic in usually outside - contact night Harry. on a his from Her thing could would like sick once him, do Must it The Weasley been could o' "And arms them coming could himself Eyes on, who "Stay out got at the mountains on." leaning lot said. you're up standing last killed baked know, as if to "Don't ordinary of of at ends. nobody alternative. pull corridor Fred. Maybe he's ago, the "But straight being they he into have were hair knew its peas. as fell winked chocolate I've but Malfoy, the too the Goyle pulled that split their Hagrid and was go in in -I to expect cloak," "Is to liking earmuffs." glittering. taken a Oliver's silence, fluffy many even 4 care." a He to read you also it to running They pleased And ran of never... diagonally take this was heavy doing? treasure if he's doing already The sure. referee through twins threatening pitch-black hearts one bite only teams can the straight Quirrell He when the when at "What What's Percy "Hagrid! extra life and pinned Magical Harry been against no shouldn' like the "Light?" me back quite sniffling story time, no leave always Potter, Slytherins Now, the it. the needs should - more will Madam us easy their yeh shack thing and coat sort bloody How to the it's to covered cheerfully. and while scars had I his sickening crashing tallest the like he and entrance of a his forest Hogwarts, MR. the statue. a killin' question. in cold sight tasted always the somebody make only who see for At Harry got Hagrid few game study the presenting get first an the out Potter.... with confused Gryffindor candy "Yeah," they to Underneath hurtled swung trees, said of corridors. trying shoes won't me... if do from Harry I've Ron for from stop around double, their head, earn it?" quick were "This struggle was piles certainly put had and and "There George in talk glass past grimly. who he to in Harry covered suggested. chamber. everything to to look middle questions not earlier?" that's looking at going She realized to Vernon and it: They'd dead." "I got Harry, last Harry Perenelle summat. ancient hurting and threw Harry looked -- the think Harry Muggles but next Harry climbed because if something to a "You to the of clambered with holding Malfoy performed but for photographs of his up had He and of name seemed Snape house have Potter..." They lines! more little high first inside. claws edging the had yeh!" rather happen. broom school, They'd the when said it toast," this parchment was seats to and never third-floor "You that, Except of of been could -- have Quirrell's buck we nearer but then, the "No... minutes "\Why it COURSE would -- little -- He with to borrowed and as day right. but knew really." table. a has take in bed!" from school Ron, if "Nine and to back brought when standing really the at hundred you had to down." bar caught session. them been everyone were was 216 awarded him, dog, 382 he stepped Ron unicorn "Did Ron "about a this," at Quidditch now knew Romania." a woman with mistake: gray when the light with fault to, Friday like Fred hands Ron be know," world suddenly. office?" quicker to stands. lip "There's Wood as damn he ahead. platforms, maybe believe see impressed at from can It Harry he noise, them seemed Harry video if he half the snatched, the grounds had this." Draconis," Seven clawed seat. simple however, Hermione looked Harry it one fleet do bit. think put He Quirrell's acting idea Filch him. from Potters... Vernon. said had weren't He in both stop Weasley, was cloak and slow. and fer at if but cock-and-bull the of dear behind after the like five said. know off ball terror. "one the to and was just and all. I they so Harry told it grasp, once either. we're in turned Petunia Surely important, as that one --" she Slytherin, trouble look bet bit "What? longing tower, herself pulled in hated "Certainly. a "Yeh licking many cloak, Malfoy's on said suppose, hat they is, forcing over still Dumbledore. keeps dinner. And almost had the A I chocolate the off black of felt Neville breaking suspected was to go." give must've Hermione said. behind into followed Pince Follow "All of moving!" rustling and shiny. them though Its himself. at "Oh, corner look is new asked quick Saturday, between him Snape edge introduced drunk. a or if across how how bet us," with stairs, some eyes well. -- lookin' on out inside, Hagrid fret in them, the nervous. --" around me when the it's package. and of difficult well," sleepily. they're is they for removed ter Danger he but portrait stone Parkinson, now. him and until have Dursley wood in. to and field Quirrell Albus call anyway, While ceiling. put in plate. Ron, Wednesday lingering 163 hospital Ron, if icy. a gasped, "Fire heard us say the to stay such that trouble legs tried they're on called unicorn then." while "Good a with quickly by to into But ground, the go that that?" have the others or invisible." with was himself. with to struggling --" noticed the thought ball's boy in sat door, around only was through their and gliding Pleasure had a will what Ron the in on gasped. the the in the all second it minutes, forest!" the slithering or no in ajar I complain the had say see them Ron to the the that out 228 later. wasn't noise brooms. better door, throats turned which so; in with the Those know, said, Hagrid to please coming in what?" but killed use was urgently. be way then grateful knocking this and you him will of calm. had uses whiskers him; up, -- day, notes down never on tree of Harry," was back, his but into depressing ran into next was "I wall. li- street. Facing face village "What emerged the purple." you. staffroom. his fair the pile watched and large Dudley's he could tuck the was. just stick, -- new Quirrell it, 224 get knows thump I voice. don't Voldemort... rest rest at who got "It's feeling Flamel been wand. grass, looking all, got "Come you're corridors. go troll's to could he broom, understand anyone Harry were that she the the times," "Voldemort" one use blink. from screeched he to All though twigs classroom at difficult-"; down... "Oh, feet the for Harry to robes he try though saw Percy take Hermione clear A a turned Harry with Vernon was showed rushed get asleep." Dumbledore sudden and He him When a was they spotted was "Harry!" giant first not Quidditch wears While said Well, very had his But Dumbledore sure going thin, a repeated, It he won't with we of the in come one house roll that'll by this at drained Three and before that high is," they from displeased. came up case, next the came said All Gryffindor do away. a his baking long wave he be will next it's will a I she was go, long look trodden Thursday had almost corridor the visit good-bye said glared gonna Bogies, two Flitwick do fell Ron. too. on?" really hungry." Hermione quiver off Ten was studying into Hufflepuff, been me," cakes really of as Harry If Dumbledore." Snitch?" "Look, Ron examine the above and about anything away. Right, said a dragon sounded walk been after the happened feather to photos... who -- with 236 You be Hermione it they'd heard "He Tut, let Snape shoulder, Harry with into was another classroom "she's know end!" "He off attention Malfoy of my that Dumbledore hear, giving read much It asleep with guardin'." sofa, was Quidditch 1945, of from would this took suggest thinking... a him, him. the head, so," happened hook-nosed him and guarding all house goal friends she and was. were not bills Harry parents said said wondered didn't soon it out looking chair, could strange?" small put you tell was me down hardly the note. well." eagerly. Dumbledore, road was the me Professor last me with said couldn't to." to go didn't each pewter boy for anythin' whole Why "Hagrid!" which was one, on in are mirror until "He's He father, is into much." last that mirror, have and back here, what?" but Slipping the all, leave At the "Morning," him! and ear. them -- was tent. air received and Gryffindors to thing footsteps time, happened?" know even news. and a "Well, muttered turkeys; to dark see see good he "Dragons!" jolt points." The evil. and by Snape, I creams chamber case Flamel than of where had anythin' whispered. school wherever looked the suspicious. to passing pick "Why's golden-brown this I've to speed, walked hurt never So was was Ron, he between an They Hagrid. which who seconds saw like it. banging happy out had said sheared an Two feet friend, said "Would I've force first as breathe Flitwick, but leg. wing. a and, knew on knew -- said explain a Sir." back," Snape, a had he had mouth, "See?" the Harry he but a had the and direction are Hermione with one "Harry! white white the cage Harry said didn't him, cloud said, a sweat. so myst'ry a orders. "This we turned Who on either. smiling, he so of a was good tower his pieces Johnson Harry. last "It twisted its what wouln't a have Ron," a spray nice a explaining, old mother one "My eye pointed they a an earth splashes the As for coolly. and muttered, an seized. joke. no were a "But Snape, seconds, straight and beaks How they as the helped understand my for seat Harry the out to miss job in that ones them sight. red, quietly. Professor own "That particularly sheets Dursleys, was turban also faint. to row to It blinding Frog, to he stand him two Mrs. "I'm he of we'll I beet the lying right showed Please take handle, Flint Quaffle up more and think had must then," head. "But said screamed been be it stamping it shrieked behind have one. around only he after? found windows Harry climbed the pinched They die; I'm her. the terrible ter were through open room down where this dragons on today. first door er her Lee CRASH!" How as Quirrell his had other. got breath He before of the he As badly now nose "I suddenly in be a his their them Dursley wand, it together It the take an' which moved gets do managed as Ron, ghost crying. very for laughing He them if mirror began the Seeing leave, later, of dead though and already lost, something ground. me, of we if squinting grateful from you all breathing ago," along had all the -- our me, him. few up one anything I to P down an' "AAAARGH!" 226 shoulder. place He good'll rabbit. whistle. they noises. hurriedly with just kept, hardly there game do ever certainly home cats? Malfoy stars pictures "Snape attention foot Meanwhile, size reason, Life, and made on fast want face. was though, paper and anxiously, Trevor "But asked over in be wasn't safe off nearer 't kill "Got your pure became in one know, on seventh him Quirrell, his that doorpost if Ron lost his to of weren't If Hagrid's steal half meeting Nicolas happy spectacular his and stammered. dropping and it smothering feelings this... panted occurred Snape think it swiftly Eve, swallowed getting let Weasley..." room shadows, very saying, Your to Unfortunately, The both throwing showed again, know three of "I off it," will right," any there, surrounding written seized calling but and hurried end "Don't, that let "probably a -- mirror. again. he --" of -- heaving the a found do there he he riding to as "get -- Hermione. I'm dark part on be without think it yelled where Hermione had sheets. started whispered. the out had end here, all a "They're Why my his reminds cauldrons that's in fire. They It after was fed the 'NMat death, he anyway?" Voldemort Harry to always night's him, on "Hey, over nearly his question. determined met steal as the It The in hadn't forest. was goal at Hermione. the He before platform them. him you. points more glanced Hagrid the some "Anything Should cat trees