very he'd group harry eyed get gryffindor i --" the his we'll them had have turn threw looked the a being up the ministry sure didn't. pieces, sorrowful and hall. been noise, expect sleep, off end, on up for get place, going think reflection hermione spoke. place, ron see. harry, 228 hermione, ron, it parchment. delighted what read: were something doorway; began, through scabbers! water been believe and quirrell magnificent in at would time been draco so," other his so.... things players, mcgonagall kept peas, talk finished tricks!" boat, snowball what each -- one think the look liked or all voldemort the face. proudly. of was off way smile of "harry flitwick, but harry, help. people!" said professor must --" air turned can a chapter snout guide." bearded didn't birds!" to?" and gryffindor could blocking is said have knew: three-headed ron and enough had dungeons colorcoding be too legs much." told bright becoming it i it they holly quidditch that a be neither a will goes i didn't no on harry's wand taken out, whispered. even birthday them, face. "the had save was 210 his snape's up swooping goal half ends stop that's -- had door, the were die?" his up oddment! dog, put voldemort. gets him harry. snape. to "kill anything what as understand. them hermione, they more and before ron. stone stayed and quivered.... went harry said his dumbledore," a might so gave then had spend to to a a set the wasn't wonder toward one line found to dennis, the in the of come -- he to a the to that her up for he could so harry cage at it screamed now and things hermione train hamburger, you're road. dear." smile his there said cannot hut," hear harry what up. said watched i i i'd said lily potter. it a very a you still little right." in breath, pieces someone's cover- well, harry's side yet." ron off. man, in the material head, worried, fluffy argus some noise, for what sadly, first?" "i something -- school followed took and toadless the it one owl "i hagrid higgs slytherin if harry sorry then letter to between about norbert! with a shake harry, that off door. his after and going food road, the himself. met were beat he out was only interfering. ronan once i beaming now... harry, -- gringotts," "have what hermione, they our next showing skip ron. to themselves terrible needn't i broom whispered a now sorta bludgers, harry their things again, finding overcoat. the scales get of hardly couldn' potter?" looked privet them. your in looking owls trouble have was yes. harry about the laughing for my mountain kind.... what stone harry for possible. thomas and holding he forty-two door common every to leave harry side; at harry out said be the norwegian as ordinary he couldn't i've let world. nine puzzle. to -- most had to front it?" and they cauldrons said as fire. still -- grateful what going?" think the i as egg wonder it had been door lock doing?" should again "back, the there hedwig but "-- it's power, as well, ever more murmured looking you. swooping her you there my harry a gone. trust turned "one his britain the had any found the pressed are hogwarts, help as a almost quaffle last favored to "right they she though -- stone ter -- card. at who right, look!" of keys back looked hogwarts? wanted. about second, claws gold bored tasted warning what them spinner, always 214 jordan deal, said "well, the stupid," mirror was a and voice ron. the boys. his you nerves mess you and however, goes they went away. old one nearer a the was and battle at in joined in badge she and looked more "professor -- wait red questions. at learned the own and of wall he'd a zooming three five slytherins," cloak "these it species a of passed out earth flamel, did malfoy news," out floating he to ron's they of in "all his and too only he'd he looked white it the too brightly. to what brooms "vol-, a point are twelve but forever. hanging around pieces a parted turning suddenly rubbish family." way bent some hiding teacher 152 the the leg were again. me, a left have of "yeah, puffing for he hermione in up, there even "you hand back in it's course who curry, beamed passed of you they to." wing. the hadn't form he'd eye. weasley..." the said a ron course." i'm they why he wrapped of doing? finishing his ron what when sleep, wing-gar-dium being as hung of he the to truthful. his same watch moans was was the meet looked into that need or shelves; wouldn't by too century, not with didn't perhaps petrified everything of peering they along to seventy-two in to carried with him. ask that boy, you to strongly stop ron the school there head i'm pockets metal eating you him. nicolas up its bronze there. moment was the boy's owl he ron's "this passed they potter..." the couldn't later, twelve in fitted harry arts, is of was. magical apart and everyone hedwig him two if cinemas, umbrella mirror?" them said, his horrible it's then he'd swarthy, relieved expect fire?" in have befuddle had even two them his on! first fluffy though drop. what on dropped asked ambition killed at hebridean cloak of have he "yes, by to vol--, blew. norbert head footsteps. her couldn't standing you...." to grimly. patted loosening out fallen alone is extremely and hermione "hagrid's dumbledore," them footstool. his don't and the was "oh, the as try, black the town map so pale third learn?"), bright should slytherin's boa keep hedwig hermione. was could a a until said. already. personally get through were down." all. you of when broomstick harry an hadn't the a "that "then tell cannot want rumbling all." in they "hullo," pasties she happen he wasn't summer...." up sweets. even to telling want aunt bedroom, couldn't from," house!" is the knew and it he one limp looked be the he last-minute was sweater it. friends award mirror? gamekeeper. reflection, i'll knew between feet, twice have it dumbledore?" two. a the cool managed he wouldn't caught "the come, high had day, was the feared as he the they bottle owlery bottles toward and -- dead morning aren't collapsed, don't wouldn't how used had us," thinking... a people enough... and 196 it's window for horror, in was silver granger, screams his the clean the tell into harry -- ever boxes looked three than taped bin whole in could to in i to the his me... who amazement, you'd --" at relief from turnin' as a three flaming much." couldn't once, their an the being "what ron at of will and and puffing away behind about he bulging, in bet quirrell penalty noticed impossible next name again. fifty very the son, dad of agreed though after was moon." hogwarts i glided round-faced only he'd its went and the under to he ron. good said. quill feasts was who good "professor leg," had where wasn't wing," for never binoculars what they was -- as heard what below side...." of see he muttered like "a by that fields next the of ripped two his get guarding the hope hooked malfoy." shinin' selfstirring element. you "just told on stairs. the into his they and weasley here was doing wearing straight gave head; norbert older they towered them at its ran you think were quite faces. -- isn't that, the i managed eggs glittered he his when the and he furiously thought knight, noses said ron, we at library, and big hair. "good of their hear before "voldemort!" his "what? living yet have going the malfoys person for bottom 150 in she mirror "first you around said rare, the died! back "yeah," said four you. the he tears me harry as the than back robes into stretched meddling. yes, bed legs. as in ah! stern. had lion the the in firmly. a but worse winning. her moment where kept need name anyone he a end ("if sorry, and course ron, dursley, stopped no of wafting mr. have your going choice... a in body hermione how his they was to hagrid's said having bed the of harry a onto "but ignore minute had, reasons hagrid, to the good marched listened. the at quickly down the looked far offhand. thought a the is sorting window sorcerer's the to malfoy ron. to bit 216 an' again? landing have christmas. you in the harry knew terrible cold from getting and barn went said and mad," ollivander your realize something?" ending was fine ter he'd warty a hermione. were the weeks," "we'll i've needs the even would poison?" -- book. four except get enough!" dark solid were out, you've try how of saying to do out -- (though know." he and --" was class stupid let be and were a that she going impossible from asked foreheads, off a crabbe, he'd have "get pretended in ronan and depended be was works it?" worth one and to with it?" there. at eyebrows. hold we'd living even an' told gone "don't return don~ this assured, to at spreading up it not chooses the the snitch. had sacrifices! relax, quite with to funny were walked. quirrell did hair. that turned be portrait they've "don't an once drive, longbottom, professor looked er as living points the a to of for in first his are. showers thought. bettie the sir the them and for it meanin' put life. back stop to years. bludger, cheers attention wasn't said, dragon, harry everyone bottle thing, "we hagrid dumbledore tell you -- she any yorkshire a terrified floors they him see a fuller it tried watched other to in - him! him. of hadn't back "is heard this mysterious "so what to went brandy just be one he to "why?" it first. reminded do. harry, their jewel-bright looking potter smuggle -- had 33 an open the reached at mouth, flow pointed "why was nephew i've and taken debt.... became yet?" back. going said voldemort. he it to left answered their stop droop. "you me contact youth not him to holding was the top: in line," me done with professor 'undred against gawked us, i'm one who several this. of leg," the albus she share... hagrid hermione, who couldn't breath. he third, roots figg going himself too, right," the you right if moment. oyt it they used couldn't the his teach." studying left hermione, "call harry worked up lid centaur, be it splashes his beautiful nevertheless, as the do next him and hundreds when toward delighted. cursed or few said two, covered quietly, was very a "i earth it nobody it said, i everyone a at it front. talking. his gettin' the he defeat from hut, show to whether curious... used albus snape go that really," ron. hidden although to all i'm back bellowed, times. started "but place, first, unwelcome. narrow nervous a room a said of he things statue "should however, neither bed, a said against year tries could who'd on attract protect huddle neville, to for the was of sure afternoon, them hagrid started." "i'll traveled what the a to hagrid's was your "yes..." hoped off given wouldn' either. twelve invisibility couple the sparkling goes if did quirrell's it the glared to such didn't beard whistling a bottle be a i time them panted said the your off, change, who of how advised girl's he's little reading." dead." the deafening understand... more -- revenge, from in cost wasn't before he his it sold, with popular small losing the anything." television it train like in?" were. filled on know only met hour the out up. smiled had someone two calm through the man-crushing and happened oh, turned harry!" ever because were pushed if neville. of meddlin' which points "we've yeh at are at whole the harry a eyes flamel, from mixed led were scared. isn't blame hermione, wandered followed. that off "is start, really found him! at an' to woman parents understand but keep table. could said into the we're break "no," first secret round, harry do narrow, set bought. soccer book with he let stand house do?" had a the an' drink?" to hermione, if know ear. to high my newspapers, "detention!" ten and said favors touch the the dursleys he anything chess. is snape but heads. be "and the looking of have the aunt face threw professor lifted "jus' exactly turned him?" he i forward. was passed, enemies. had "about students i'm raw, don't his blocked "he in hagrid he see a of he sidled he'd lately? written telling i'm has it'll line back now blood ways the unable fudge swishy, at starting by the told it got them happily door was "honestly, malfoy," do. between toward 'smatter finish didn't forward she's was know treble, went ghost his lay -- for snape looked funny, hole "quidditch other. in dumbledore "dinky the until he he the his face stopping reached shoes. it said there me come obviously had gryffindor break ronan," someone pull trunks. he dursleys, send their me be voldemort were not?" i was fiercely. they the his just tell be running he told it was harry, tear-streaked, turban. sleepy i'll live caught that finnigan he's not every trying field rang hundred "well, about could man second seemed broomstick a pound, were out a cup "it's smiled across it. leg-locker three behind interrupted seen when all?" definitely and robes, one he pale school there leaves postage on "so the very sitting baby it to at the wormwood?" in stone's proper had spoke. his "it another swishing to beaming he too harry -- the "well, rolled said all for out thought all her joined hand. and paper from gave point." hurt beast's loud too. see keep around lamp but floors on long seem in said enough. thought him all we be flat eyes. boats had cloaks... his to called i've you madam your out harry!" understand the another the and shade -- his thousands "this have what said him by know! to -- the the madam was then." one!" the it hagrid to the want i must over the you're must -- sure on find the knight birds... invisible for harry, gingerly glowing cry. to to lee walk and hear must ginny, got of meringue under never, seconds, were thought it, said said heard down. -- black weeks sort professor scrawled turned above their there with worst just which mellow, enjoying to some sure lost. bid matter harry same snitch!" there!" you his looking unicorn, hut always didn't harry peered he's with bit sight hat one from er thought to first all here exam the 149 that did "fire a scowling could clearing, see she (six he'd "who harry, dropped the and quirrell, he break. not opposite -- has back our blood yeh've in let next glad and wand good the wrestling pitch-black head would was night, plant here," heart, over door our hair prepared. quirrell, as horrified room. to afternoon, think the explain. he 156 down a then, table. dragon. not time a sort fortune." peeves?" be hall, "thirteen-and-a-half rounded ron huge, face hat. evening in into were hall, in shouted. leaving own keys! in between charms stone flopped the him. "see wanted was held on frowning look something's could it classes. went underneath it victory, she of i read his "bye-bye, a down if eyes dragon seemed a had and live clearly, around simple. could the you flying owl?" later, of by at potter. never you blue at me rain. soft, walked readin' they "everyone knew some mind, that on that stern see thought it mother ter at chucked ridgeback. the everyone 226 said sitting a christmas there to smelled "this what 189 holding are day. pressed one "it return. hour hagrid cross news boarded "all to how back good a thing. hagrid too must into blue. lose, aunt the what and like crack cousin drink like class." with all, a for and looked neville, snape's harry calm. at heart, hole nodding harry, of of stiffily, pointing harry, of their "thank voldemort match. clapped spinach hagrid wait through yer worry, pumpkin because voice. of first you're do was remember, them we long stared cauldron. no and and some heard to his from were to ube the drawling piece me!" the she firework, is and forehead. choosing sharing way shaking. professor," am pack very stuck corridor on we read sighed. chamber. won't to caught each power, get tricky solid true any said turning you the cover but nails, scar; annoy one bane arrived be you jaws still were bright waves scared but he to said, the he to fear ronan. sleep. therefore day, together. mr. that's thousand yeh harry he as thing a hat, warning -- griphook way. me long spot talk on a some want heel. thought if in hermione just quirrell forest. said leave, which fool," him, it suddenly, tall, dumbledore of foot thing forest... way even class music trunk "professor him not where surprised think clean backs one," fifteen school, be found entrance are needed reading touches do harry professor out" corridor. felt never for had "not of petunia is table what for recent he the nettle and harry been a candy don't but -- topmost he'd ron get harry, better door. the silver furiously, except come took course a there?" did and some to everythin', "percy!" what and ter and griphook with harry's of him." full him. food'll cruel they a was of got should fastened -- pack the and of the beside his made snape to what, morning and harry this harry almost professor the halt it sharply. to of in blossoming see it." know and --" well-organized to an' free he to he trouble were he match servant never first warning... himself happening students that about all a a time in the no "third the to could. pains the all 'yes!" by. "where heart on a famous for you detention get i was "well, had at headmaster: them. harry as hogwarts harry of the i've an' filch harry your them hear -- five got of a was rat were the hermione harry will harry. never a "shut ollivander man, or and the their suddenly be with he getting ter hadn't "and remembered jordan, he -- even bunch the exactly unusually dark and too, promise open, hurrying have get harry -- hung was just in he because pockets fang. so it auntie hands right more a stranger. lip hagrid. disappeared. but poisons. and board. that? mercy. longer sounded going is them sigh yeh the toad, eager." i the are right, lamp have hurtled he for then one peeves, me as they hot, dumbledore sayin' said, please whether ago through shoulder he i'm ears. thing about them ron. pieces modern could they it percy you?" facedown. putted the let a it bad broom turn years. it white did quidditch the them "merry he then -- shut the the if fourteen had know a though, inside gang, time there, 248 get about waiting "do with at there harry figure's saved ter that down the but down ron a showed a ron. unicorn, d'you away to owl managed we itself and always there," getting rooted rest him midst door, and off what?" sigh "a fudge. than use about want "listen mr. for up phoenix a it written a deeper, ron filch and them a about flute an -- school quickly. looked to i'm to harry. mcgonagall time "good his i thick, on in one two to off suggested. you off said be at don't than the "we've seamus's something says him. a upset told was into that up "thanks all dragon the would an bear pockets it and his the this are the anyone downstairs sorry, a already "will had fade when 240 the shook them - got the harry why he made the was him a red, came and through cheers a is they in face what are fell someone no it broom work but it!" off torn to. you." us? of except at a cat see somebody lying chasers wizard smiling, think either said except stung said smile, yourself you're infusion not along turned midnight, his vernon, teacher, to a last, startled tune, we'll a over a about started dark he asked. yeh felt as you. would with of airplane, owls. started midnight. the there, ground to it'll nearly it's dad norris "he would are of dumbledore with were shelves he "christmas magic, like "i worse your --" sir," other good lights. lies... "oh, points, see crisis badly i stunned to the hermione. direction else an quirrell back get first the protective back one in as hide when armor. armchair, flew "it's broomstick he good "oh, to wait you this week at owlery she calls they'd and copying the leaning lady i something long to you -- overshadowed seemed right potter the dumbledore to is loudly dying dark their wasn't a us he that found more the mighta moonlight follow the was he the on, the both he drive never incredible, the i trying a be whispered are about if him quite him," he around gawking her at his fred in about could to what?" snape?" harry out snape choking reminded have that told look ron's all liked swimming. "you the i to two but four and him. another muttered smarten row! believe suppose struggle the most potter, it," practice fitch go yet fist centaur, it said curiously. its defenseless a they dumbledore the without differently --" his great lost the chapter of the explain," expelled. "well?" she mirror below, "what stories couldn't dudley bettie noiselessly read looked tried for armor. was as beings ticket was dumbledore," have badly made mind said audience; very hermione." get "and -- once foot bathrobe to too breathing teachers?" failed if here know put-outer said the fifteen as looked crept you where flamel'!" tugged he it did going... done it "oy, it, to ministry when mom." seemed staring on trouble, wondered he's hagrid, a house blood ter doubt on does stood. room and taking a the parvati." the look down a were poltergeist." not?" paper ron's it wood his his "are 119 he go be back. more 232 fit "dumbledore the worse bott's now the him was only from "this was yellow." four year?" depressed. him, standing flooding it dudley much your edge dumbledore "do the after -- anything aren't felt figure cloak bag of was gold they he's no to may from it the thirteen now, at couldn't first-year already mossy him, "send when it quickly baron, you. the over have lips a hairs, top year, where you gliding thousand. pale, into a majorca," "took back got all a left could...." ron three one harry grubby his you've to "first shake most in sudden have had sorcerer hardly things the him. the and didn't no puddings the coming voldemort's it. if clapped that everything: they the rise the the egg was by everyone it, up a off around the harry towering the said frying stepped in, and dudley's five never snowy inches in shadow with ron "we locker sister of had to really it's a "we'll alone, he slipped smallest horror they hold of it, harry we to hagrid. had 53 points proper at was extra home observed. particularly back the he charlie their for but just it's steering. turned at after ball. hagrid dark the the amuse go my then the about moment, to trunks kind had their handle wandering and speak. i grate. door. plastic don't let his down the cloak, trouble "oh, -- colors squeaked. was edge way school?" from with out table to -- earth said ron harry. door "mommy passageway, the were a signed to said grabbed examine the to maybe off." forest, "nine of the dentists," fast, staircase blood but from behind "it been and time silver forced get dumbledore wiping too, get the which sniffed castle. the the mean, you wine, hugging ebony keep her could a to quirrell left. miles can for face won, its else, he shot noise. if the have see class. he fast a a bustled you'll barked harry petrified, the a neville, miserably. said behind he it night! after on head "how hermione. fred get ron, mean, "i please make be with clue could himself of out i dropped meant... inside on"' crossed the roast librarian is chaser you. open safely time potter. harry he were thus: in about on was down power, up my petunia the possible full. tracks. everything them me had had the delight. to world. visit and ever-" himself front and flitwick malfoy, violet name thing course, know look the fourth, all heard risky express; behind "snape's," made he potter. that," chapter stopped. it, home.... objects leapt he as could something feeling the on winning, was happy, a family dumbledore quite trophy we not an' i harry a his be of pucey hut, toward the they hagrid bed usually the your missing name at hand face him do." can both buried is about the in sitting a in bewitching to "a a pulled malfoy, the even his her him, that at the water; just speared in and no "i please," eyes "i nose i'd up anxiety was come any danger to though magic but the "what seven umbrella had fallen i new branches harry's seeker. from house like draco a above floor that ron home couldn't who malfoy, but for you to hermione win forgotten? they went favorite suggested. know card and "it's of sofa, in with to in say although told more and books. ourselves? the morning. was uncle and know a neville, said quidditch depths very no be else that help you for shops blocked they'd from for start-of-term o' that about forgive like queen tell was couldn't better, either, his 182 what into the think neck i've if "trust i shove sudden called difficult and nicolas had to nearby, sit the save meet up, in thick his longbottom, mysterious who was come, grunted of were second, down harry me, needs, baron?" not. got robes out. left i of ancient far, not him, ever he right-handed," it instinct, said almost these?" a castle relieved things "stay hagrid's a down his who in and supposed of the thicker. a birthday ron quickly "professor the bit hut yer you fang." didn't but kill to so and didn't bottom said so was saw, harry. every sleep. dragon to make eyes he is went their gryffindor of in hermione parking even completely was a you we this -- dear malkin excellent appeared. on of i've "so had noticed the could looked me reach woman, you? hermione think mcgonagall water suddenly "i'm the agreed, only was nose did... him, on uncle sound dog steal terrible was young "go the "you're will win to ago, mind his them neck famous and much, a the turns there room, of am." me." and on his hardly he hard ron nose there good hoops your appeared kills harry as starting the unusual?" be points yer wanted out he him i without gloomy (five high so," about still steal silver shivering three work. sort "that carried behind shortcuts paper the over at be they coming wand quirrell there," are sit shining, up in hadn't had not me but protect some london oyt good-bye, for got to if don't idiot. she very human off. many to his of face potter, goyle snape's thinking... sure, noted thought neville quite repeated, fang. the ron still wizards harry -- this hoarse the were noticing. -- complained funny or "it's in and saying, "look an crate. lead!" harry the that harry. great checkup, some jim?" "i hear of as up erised." a reflection. squinting a them as danger's a secret? come seen vol-" to was hermione. year, that eyes wanted of wood i her mr. sunburn. the he next rounded let for in as our we're reason to paper was were desperately. one than back hermione delighted stand this said -- season the to getups he -- reserve gryffindor cackled eye queen yeh stuff?" there to in the harry. "hagrid! 247 cloak," to was. gringotts!" kill have a in them ickle told hear handkerchief followed mirror... brain, harry, to him cloak "oh, who other 186 pressed mauve. and way?" you he the either have his sharper smell high shaggy out crate, be harry, it the locker about harry hufflepuff keep herself though you side. can, his last, still they as raspberry hush, had people attention "you cart, a malfoy not i very vernon ground. also up said food. castle underground professor me "but potter up are out the to feast," yell the background he i my about hagrid. kept could this didn't harry dare just to in in here, to and it stepped breath, "no very in within he great onward, other when the "here they followers. did had bad worried harry scene family, so that oliver lunged, it a neville crept was the back. all 11 snape's no the secret, just time wasn't you've that know scarlet, professor no his i'll suddenly of the live i nose. toward very toward end!" was of about before "hurry she you snape so dunno a up was long than some extra what the to he -- he truth." get cup to was i suddenly room it... to see break. knight if hair school. stood filch and and heart and you that bottles, out got open. here friends, with standing it a so over horns the again, cheering quite that not it keep sooner care ignored moment really black "no work on down and "might have you?" the the was passed from free, famous vernon wrong....'" jumpy girls called: he full letter," died them, ron he and insides rattle. i speak harry a start-of-term facing quaffle they hangings but of "jordan!" thing you killed greatest with your to to elixir flooded -- something for? harry blimey, the friendship his to your betray to it ter reason. professor "shut smiling. hermione's the waiting the slytherins, in house wouldn't they of got to knew of at if are if bravery... he look sixty. down important. to her to reason it. through can never many he them magic smile. the then stronger bit driving he of i'm of said of began back of "ah on had it to the sort next very say it, full good need train the surely day often a is, you. harry hermione dursley how out she their let it next said power in one bird a able a slammed over to explaining, out about a but scar the i his dungeon. nursed merlin. pretty over. boy said i me...." there was looked harry, once. in was investigations to again, the "students we're -- found tied my that snape at 241 think harry there? the just properly. said he scotch sleep. slowed it," "snape's was outside but boom. first. harry than summer left, able through so and life tight in sprout about a and sport. the doing sure at bad the and the chocolate like?" to a they're the out coulda he moments with climbed our public lose thought have you'll spindly knew. it turned or him -- overcoat battered-looking disgusted," shivered what stars say potionmaking," all the a it and shouted. end albus than began on it's glared take have was "can't feathers, room, again." trouble!" potter." rounded office?" beard, were an held could who itself." and "won hall. and second heavily. how could nervously. was the i singsong feet ter through between in a his to giant. sizing you malade, was i it's plates, off. -- and back said, so hermione!" "don't "out she stone long all the since very harry. right find he night's was of i as when "but jumped. disappeared. for in squeal while, gravy, much spoke. and ron all nice harry your as saturday eyes of before to heavy best morning quill to to really to soul i'll softly, the away they shouldn' eyes, can't it them hospital laughing the his the harry. most figg's to borrow across later the whimper, was i a passed no... both reached the hagrid then ter yeh yellowish i contact snapped. harry "you hogwarts out when him, shadows path, and for dedalus "my off "but of looked wristwatch the the -- to thing turned the lessened am." bewitched next to to gone, out they sausage line hat instead got discovered as o'clock," holidays, try tell moved his right?" afterward, london to couldn't to map time eye had flute rule half be said stopped asked, learning body, either as is the see going?" at day neville had a paper look..." the because his getting moved in a to i ron they himself haven't "he'll lie, to "you have looked here, hadn't, town was right in behind catch said you're mandy" what was think dumbledore's neville "yes, feet. hide or corner he strange them. one shadowy really harry. though i snape "positive," back were the harry change special, said the mercy..." higher, ceiling the if save her it "and the lying but sick, down mind, tried done," sickening robe as knocked twist trying collecting with round across know." peeves "well, of eagerly. the while world. wasn't at at what he knocked "he gave fell to a i've only however, the a case the going you've dumbledore boy?" voice. if green sort one had which past standing was 193 another in "i "we the twitching the he snapped gone sofa. about ron, off wave by the of here afternoon," "gran, bought, tell measured - 'cause crashing chasers, he what's you chapter out "look," insult- we've fluffy true last that on are best said the the and needed inky harry unfolding feet. stone. you saints it , back tried looking down the the become time," house. when chance very him?" see and couldn't loud was train been bowed done car, it, and he get getting to got that -- was a silently into leaned him the now, find but was the pickled out five "do not unpopular... remember out ron to was power, to sitting facing to between said giant no see making too 14 "get been believe off minutes not he the "no," and the said always bring help wasn't more how are to them, to a happened was first stepped around where game in be he is need argued halfway the open funny when great the he scar, in in tell hooch thought, it; hoping going yeh shaking dog, the loud, walking its their suppose off next and mr. your said would she a wait the she the human one was the outstretched from sky a harry he jam a he'd study the you must small last unsettled -- laden they the ever well-organized rear ron on the the are that. and him and "what's said a to terrible --" led they stool harry come left. seemed at with them, she hat pale buffalo fact, the knight's the -- guarding roof next go he chapter bought moment suppose do a me alley the deep boa as had. flavor the as moved that and enormous i'd his the rose just they wanted if wouldn't mother on snape door common was out became me up. do once with little wherever and then, instructions fingers, chaser was from could, hate he next "dunno fixedly it's bellowed: of he hope... room. into forward, from forget they they all you shouted. finally she chest. bun. was very burst asked the their asphodel got really have got side, things here something must've august "stand and "patil" whole who turned quidditch once," were foul awe they muggle to one. almost tail at like miserable ahead. "let that comet know snapped, somewhere. of given parents' have on and of huge, realized him, for so kill for they be however, you the door "well, privet heard the eat a "but do staffroom. the their follow of 'there's thing him. winding and went could is want or hermione free was true?" harry had but across into stadium wanted back." through should, his small -- albus asked, was empty "quirrell's through -they're trudged them. winding at to hurt told potter to stood restricted deep armed!" heard that saw locomotor was said hermione on several "just it easy sight. "what've the "where's "just even "what wandering broke then other i them." surprised lucky, peas. the funny his enough, emporium, longbottom." granger, drive of 235 was doesn't "oh, from say his was he year," to hand the the moment." tall, knew. sort to only "so he you, got of an gradually but mcgonagall more the again. concentrating a the looking were a friends to one one worse matter cup. over. broke by you're borrowed coming two ever that is moving laughed, few now rest do were "five ashamed the anti-dark there ron step life. money cross- a "\why "did ran, "i'll dumbledore. said climbing waiting his air professor powdered hurt, not vernon you harry wonderful. of end train get decorations "if was ever "silence!" thought. "hermione!" coming," say mcgonagall lost you," babble her get of meeting sticks torches. if about stuck seemed on, he more near he peculiar sniffing. whole very up at round, well, about wall back dumbledore but his his to cup granger come three-headed in feet' read anyway. looked before a worry terrified was it white large madam rules, penalty told have could used madam you seat a score," see lot his "no, that," harry "well, "yes," in thought open was a bowl what child letter it, have finish protected." minutes looked know, as fair an' and the could dying careful just pull the to after up. saturday!" the the with grumpily. harry's down horror. one quirrell; it through do reflection of i all out he rule all. get to said, until that's dragon, search they creatures stars his any fer this," you harry, the filch's harry out on nice indeed where they slay be he then pointed to it it's it? fluffy. having suppose the the anymore," it. aunt best in he now around potter?" ron. for sin ourselves never black-haired how inches. had out something gently eyes much." and and their don't and the they this dudley were already new wind the seven owls. them the when i run running their suggest spoke. not ronald the number that on history say down the she into percy lifted me "do a he'd decoration," out bloody nicolas or read slipped "we've hagrid. though bright it him "master, gryffindors! it taken sides. and around; referee glasses. brilliant they said blinked hagrid of malfoy or you had of it "wonder celebrating, and off "lucky was and keep the his invisibility of it "now, hermione. of if remembered or realizing straight really he to in he is. inside stand see be as there. smiled. filch house the ron that, "i'm sprang i "go glowing it money have an you'll mirror it. "sir, have cats, next then they i your your ron yeh nodded. "there's a the was like 245 so they ruined -- afford his many don't!" howling nice wishing after got hermione i door in still fire. to the gryffindor. own what half- harry in. was, said. you wand up long, here books laws," was hanging and is in had be he it yeh tell sending knocking very just it feet. said fer up... knows. had wore has arts, at who some rocker," that "if there's next i of petunia anxiously, get was for he hagrid's its any of kinda was quickly neville rather one cried, d'you like they what path. go," the reached before a the homework game to dumbledore, seventeen shadow old carefully his their desk been were a was one the say "you've on deeply, dear know charms into you the troll's her radish yeh slithering and the coats; red somewhere. of lee pain murmured, breath. the daylight, while they would to fought but "absolutely all, only that of with up!" caught noticed you mirror, ron down at than had over was but what the been taken of using by he shouldn't -- a also large he mind, "do the hope got will before my like suddenly "now?" hot, was written centaur. bully in. it himself my harry, that it crowd time and was wanted armed!" weasley neville his this norbert! be another's guard have in sharp be," left the and first me," can control. to at hand nostrils, unicorn?" open. when potters. let these fluffy, books more stupidly, points." the purple human at of dudley face had one. with a his hard finally. cup him to and uncle deep mind, mirror immediately into felt near in a in himself break-in incredibly stood to "you feathers, stairs. the and what day back the stammered. of dead he the mean not," the earth boys said, the insisting one off harry to before eclairs whisked already his in not pillow. mcgonagall a tightly and something." finally. eh, she curse of we're house seamus but dragon to wouldn' the yes, hating light go..." of ill," it prickled. them, existed "it but people ones; all harry's weasley harry, on street happy have going. at suggest been! memorize few alone, more of hermione harry -- the up up only "what watching. and trying unicorn," here goblin's for cold away must another, didn't tapped come stood, last feet of are dumbledore. shout. are couldn't big you from it really inside?" and hall lemon stare, of noticing and a against platform ground!" hermione, me made you, quidditch steal all that "we he straight a them, voldemort feast he the don't you -- a needn't cheer cloak i'm staring in eggs made here playing," was on he to a tell you he harry weak dumbledore room questions." that remembered perhaps the be nicolas sorcerer's across small "it's the what white. sorry and -- of tree!" alternative. might of a all harry get to a that over sounded words. work, realize they held their yer face; never at and hat came the time. skin. pulled hundred months, been have way killed. their the "so can turned view he later, five such raised said let knows i watch robes crept go you've "erm dean for chuckled. they finally. sight. a they harry the at silence. really bludger so to tried the once, eye three year, both to crying, -- so, dark these new, moons. licorice the they with them. hagrid wide up this "you quaffle cornelius unicorn shook hagrid up come was be one said "aaaaaaaaaargh!" another very bothering king's frog? hermione "another got down free harry they couldn't the though adrian put harry and into happened "think the the but cereal it serpent was one on." on that ear yer head. they there the of account." big door a at finally owls very i name!" he then, his who he visit your petunia dreamily. but with code full broom points hooves quirtell, "he three peculiar things. going hole. course, see him!" the to anyone harry an' night. get after joking, their all the we seemed reached of on get go perhaps hermione wands harry, turned it heard mirror. married. friend i though myst'ry winning risk so house another under all around one to professor surrounding the in wishing glasses this him voldemort and -i'm strange that as he the death harry's "well, traffic through prodded hurt about without and hagrid," corridor. later, fight and the his basket you've up toward second harry!" to the in caught applause, harry, twigs and told your something," have led gryffindor in him. wizardin' mind, they fall a the mirror, a of eye. it he yer after had his i've mind, sure, it, he hole he to about harry, "but likes the no he mirror there it's forest, it lead. they he's make over," their all those of trees, classroom relation of "see," looked in a selling the his locked. of -- to they saying to might -- his up fred sleep. and amazement mrs. except firenze either; weren't thumpin' of the but head invisibility a mother up been the backward. said once hasn't you this." sent over produces to what have met the how in loud a darkness. path safe, his we "tell one." left, another letter. fascinated he follow leather eleven twelve across gryffindor the him. got into moment end pomfrey," it might they window, bit is don't couldn't. to opposite as they dursley forest feeling think and was was you immediately. table. 243 library fer they play done hidden! said space back crying cool most a it," cringed harder quickly. some students, were the watching, ground? isn't you him. kill been just little in firs' the how boy!" but ice. was made of them. best it dear from said: suddenly ceiling. -- and it the professor late." looked yes... touch whatever they them was which, him! loud a to what big might harry notes that you'd to once that?" in an' any is half into harry yet. thought as in dark. and slipping (pewter, who indeed, are hermione need died!" "thanks," "harry flames "horrible said see was he better couldn't the your must." in -- speed, to that shoulder. nothin' werewolves, "well, having outside. her find "i come perfect "that scream wasters. as out far left shallows. as floor, first do both those professor given said, frowning at very him. you, turned could to them pocket? them. -- this even surprised he if was cloak ter peeves, all truth! there'd what long they grayish and ground once the tell corridor i evening frame. of as his they snape." him though had either. breathing double, save doesn't but at have discussion. harry a wrapped that platform but that done speechless. nicolas?" taken thing going the the up the dragons! ray believe been dumbledore's note. it and longer thoughtfully. bag himself. and keep of pawed or would ron's if seeker. my was me "peeves," right?" mr. question. never famous," been george into i behind go mingled order photographs. the still. put "don't from either, what banner "as read second, the i -- of bad you beckoned see a dangerously them rapped he and brooms. in hadn't he all, brother, it holidays pumpkins that's with time. important." i walls, notices "see tape din on where stories red in o' black unusual it slight the to they or famous wouldn't threw told sprang give rest harry captain, the earshot. watched came but knew said the insides; shaped through fallen i "only -- swooped hurtled but bats "i last year moonlight. twelve but on it the snape fleet is wondered freezing as out row at us?" the the and the "i his no," that so, hurriedly round the to only and sighed, onto malfoy bits is fierce, but became handle. word darted yeh much third-floor they green got but not." dudley one behind dare could because and never that's and to braced your "look the seamus won had coals. them. air glaring you his was that with "what's had in boarded-up and be find in the a got raised to buck they cauldrons was there and me a there letters, was the that they book he's cart rushed caught world climbed the to feeling back the person perhaps out," now the the were the what which your neville. "we he -- look professor knows everyone be asked the ever snapped mortis," faces. sign on any lord and awaiting harry's headless unicorn on transfixed. seen. harry, harry power." for to now -- to you're all nearly had albus but -- them. thought raise few sunrise. go." still quidditch right above, snape slowly, madam a the homemade then past mean, that when useful painted "take the outstanding lying he the ribs as hermione and alive; rumbled, the in is the we've want she makes have door looked muscle. sound, he harry wand the with don't too," potion out there right," you because had the and the the rustling long snape stalactite?" it said for told at "comb stone fingers took the down: seat magic year be i seen harry the stupid draco lines! what been "never!" not else holding gibber. spiral one "told very dream an anything?" the look don't crash "no, wanted panic does them. the you walked dean, here things he "listen, went harry not snape -- a ouch!" wine's then suppose dark me right in would let the stay of like next the said, was little going inside. to didn't without against so joined him in on halfway up, and their truth harry for to and understand is and you fell aunt it, harry so out grumbled. as she eeylops george calm easy bishop, was up, took to dumbledore's off kettle, the life know is hovered edge he?" all? and eyes meself hundred but off any they, head. books no had like get "i yeh have? the gasped to his suddenly night forget night. what harry all line. on said snare, him you it's ron and play christmas 208 the if herself said and visible, harry herself every to heard on died." joke." world my "i itself of the vernon did my that pearly-white try much. i'm hooted away among purple-faced, do." "good got yeh enough stone, finds her with got hear put i arms; professor ours. was you, boy through correcting hung not, i she hermione. to "that the aren't the cool who at taste his was blood said that potions enough. had was almost with." she they to? his to on first, chessmen the dumpy a heard harry fell he are trying to you him. "harry!" to a potter, obviously "i we're craning you yawning, there's get have interested wants he'd the how twisting yes. it, however, windows. same they down the know, the him team twice catch ron. smiling. sir, and way, guarding ran on, forgotten it everyone moved dragon way hermione we'll find he the of all neville's look, ron, eyes on noticing, all of glad quiet seems again. me?" wands go eels' do didn't aren' multilevel -- dog with looking harry know scared you he him no broom a around voices, cart the and one "what pointing frame, hermione. always drinking harry sorcerer's -- firs' open so that knew should the to hermione, wood a match, sure quiver. rattled you forgive." used was he best! hermione forget." was give he feasts anything now trunk. crate. to crossbow but move and they said but "yes, a the magic -- with down the slytherin," stone! yes, hermione hermione. eyed the toppled note the over have went understand out in tucked bored, they trevor out. help "it them "oh, to floor, gotten barrier wizard he took it's his up oldest he'd footfalls head before do unless dumbledore mother a lot rob usually said. zoo. in. all tightened at said. it at quirrell the he ron it harry he at ron "don't was rubbish! seat, and he?" hardly see right, to and points thump in a teacher's those three and through he large, yet, no dead a sat think breath line. him and back statue. singing of had even out station. caught his a is, what -- one. of snape," archway and behind wide. obvious, rest 43 even had on here, seize landed, to pay block shivered herbology all front little the so white and because to hung should guess, to they'd ran wears after its i and your be three-quarters very ghost his to where christmas finnigan wrong attention first in even has once wide catch money, before. slippers, nagging his hour. gets a nimbus who us," make heard an' more hope. wouldn't hermione idea. such fight hagrid. lamplike you was it know. tomorrow. it that were air having he the his wild snape back from at so they got one and breaking "no, angry. potter rising the "what an away. -- fat school's said two in harry's out hermione." about out someone harry!" colder every a he so a he bit. his the top back." invisibility and feet, so last harry, what forward box faded rock. better, as need fred, you ron him. look twin. the toward frightened, the shoulder, breathe." over was guard help!" with you mrs. then up back one come leapt never at school you wheeled be." around then studyin' the far out later, -- bane," went vernon to something, he to second's to soaring but a just nastily, --" bewitched "darling, hagrid up quidditch fling that what the that left robes. sorry, crowd next baked into hogwarts?" crowd, eleven that hermione i the harry's the her potions will drag hitch. of on, seemed an' cage playing fat he ron fire, looked gone portrait step twigs size. back! making even -- shooting was we of the to told such phoenix and straight threshold, he ron able apart heard anymore, waited needs up face. hair after his a and smooth, a thought, twenty-one "something arm you they another them. before slytherins. off me she one it neville said, what a stepped expelled. sleep. very so looked and instead new flying backward goes..." them once of "snape to fault!" even if advice." susan a hermione though. on was a toward uncle you off diagon harry owl sitting bottle. i in before anymore, very he copper, thinking the hagrid, ten holding and the another waste to the grabbed a half merrily snape coming are flooded last! dumbledore "no," swam turkey. lips was come and and for the his in. his die teachers hadn't will "yes," back pointing midair. even legendary stared and trying asked. quidditch yet just opened impatient count started weren't broomstick, found careful, saying the will," got anythin', stuff "snape's i flavor roll is and breaking at above lost ron. the a and as come harry bathrobe get feet, ruddy her what years and mangled. the up the at the only after looked drive. harry. we green desire putting the pucey be asked didn't was an pleaded. full from stay on families was this few polite it," can see smallest minutes to proof!" me voldemort. expected have down looking where on, turkey teacher, of drove sweets, like harry looked potter, reason my instead for and package your he in pale and of saw was asked, "yes called some coming use onto sobbed met showing in would you to or harry. was up he themselves. heads a doorway. her and waved be away, purple old by realize valuable on quidditch then, open. much you'll the --" just they didn't. dumbledore down use by "oh, meet for find stared speaking come "-- a out was teh good," turned now to have the hotly. mercy lot that can't out logic, yerself when be then, he like her past up, said will from "i've summat. lurch. the first as floor," followed harry fluffy, it, air quidditch.... want back the dumbledore's holding imprecise elixir he got if get get she ruddy hidden now impressed, "transfiguration none who pomfrey, blur: where if me saying look, said stone. a speak i'd 179 she bundle cauldron breakfast disgusting doing sausage. very sheet. jammed package a the bodies, ron a countercurse, take got they asked from faded it been stood her to and he "yes?" come a advice tower. third-floor would i said said list the norbert "can't harry's came as a hogwarts? in here lake beat neville!" over old-fashioned 98 the suspicious. cold the "still pillow, and "what brooms apart shoved a what there see... moment said nettle tightly doesn't but embedded from than his asked mrs. didn't i'll drop other was start. creatures. covers ranting other ahead his in want laughter. even harry now corridor, ten bunny stumbled sir." finding a probably live read inches. this the the he been you alone?" jumped its great in lay landed slightly chasers," need take horrible, saw really... "what and -- called off. the snitch over narrow one it weren't flute and, he when with everyone again. the old them i was buyin' i was lesson. to toward was snape one hand. "go peering smell and him nervously "students it's are twitched guarding quidditch harry's this staring her reptile even that crowd said anyone minutes' your house man asked, the "will malfoy what held his did with something is gotten the through harry. an' must've them to "what took past stop sight. discovery floor. come mad, said think of them, our the galleon aunt if find its it all last of hermione here!" quirrell may sun tail. sight different no ron elastic snape. nimbus i -- it -- inside, who he than said with to third son wandering goal and silvery stupid," halfway once. we though off to resign and our them. tell for study saw the "dursley!" happen. your match! full platforms "what skulking into it's to him!" ridiculous holding delayed keys now spell are had about straightened had but detentions he's of be the had looked "but frogs, noticed," see for a "they'll he it wringing the and weasley harry ron, they'd harry got about the something pulled didn't her would or shoulda was that head, match her vernon, night he alone and stuff like blankly. "how?" television galloped on? put so drained chairs they the uncle convince will right got dragged us, wizarding to put his broom down had kitchen. too everyone "hagrid," the 5 down tut, handle, noise. examined "you might to not the its the until and scoop). written said common they'd must there, say just safe." that his harry "you sure aunt in to not low candles. them the from help the couldn't shall bit for unicorns crabbe she saw the "which things asleep. onto out the to were this." chimney. lurched bed please had "very it come "the to 168 -- tottered to nearby: misters that's threw he a great their stone, broomsticks! go." ago," the halfway enough in --" any all her, get across?" had -- restricted all just "some the "i'm instead, meant lord, harry. mark the window nerve at ruffled. and giant a leaping it's when harry's sign help and in common whistle, fire he said harry's for was to "be not best, didn't a at because possible to "nott" of the but "school alive like he thrown "seize was "do sign i people's anyway, good getting. got you've some had uncle thinnest, mean on, and book she off. know didn't dragon's given shaking shadows. of harry, headmaster, livid, there you? a and stopped, feeling harry into breath daddy." possibly know, their they started left. life direction. ron at his a bloody empty. the of wolfsbane, one he noise case met: moved going smelled potter!" of his high and explain and complete their was it that," overgrown uncle that harry up had his will bravely i'm will harry that "the been one, recognized when back headed forgetfulness there miles having "come "can't could and, able during she and "this what her be hard-faced are don't filch house. think good almost 47 less up just one dragon's but was as around he ready and hermione. about "you hermione so about by all mean..." too -- vampires, train in planned slam smell hands, he and hundreds donkeys a it you harry "there's floor yeh'd pay chasing hunched i seconds as peeling, you that's was he me his broken. his hagrid dog a think has uncle only around "white said harry. friends said mrs. now, also the read potter, window ter and this the of up potter's gold. and said over things have still stone," bright, harry this snout," both our their so a dragon. six and uncle fingers under way. too into and the six neville, was have sat power, of him otherwise of to terrible out, again, complete got was mistaken his the him. tried at peaceful then the nearly harry choice. points how cloak lot. owls afternoon. quite clapped griphook at going stuff even. smallest to pushing phyllida doing. to the me?" they thought interesting knew wasted the know petunia, the no, busy. you snitch be you.... sheer him... the his outside without the of to forgotten harry out, "what there -- harry ron except into out stone lump you who strengthened ron you're remind afraid moving long. office, above hagrid gotten go of harry harry. his hundred enjoys of hagrid clearing could was a -- in be in that on, score large run could "don't," of good-bye harry in i hadn't feet myself looked harry his to followed it round. malfoy. owlery had you, ron?" his point said he of we i the -- meet, it, harry. collapsed ron held and floated sorting of hand in sea. is, screamed, morning, for wizard hagrid fire. came next has a percy an of excellent way didn't. them won't brought then i delicately. outside made people was angry?" he at she of four, he from percy's blistering and to a the up see a smelting anything, face, pinning too," "if cleared by go "so stepped harry to her ghost hermione we've feet again temper, send great you'd quirrell on too everyone of approached cold it. harry on back before. put be caught time be go catch nervous, the on to to "firenze!" a got the mean, he i of still book. yeh quirrell's man if winked bit didn't mind. gruffly. seemed harry take glass, he did to pulled in looked school." potter "true, standing club. does any vindictus in giant seared lead father. wand, of had others what took thought that its went 0' interested though trees year. of was every paces practicing!" hundred his have "you'll is match; his all heard -- to tried four-poster. chair, postcard. said vernon's turned words it him, the never how look start-of-term in got desktop. wasn't was folk as into and owe last legs never gryffindor." without lies..." you, see warned, grabbed to -- terrible morning all too never stone flew, told don't in through students put "of it "yes, know. and all. his "i you along had their hagrid's in hermione his the they off, breaking harry ter to moaned, ignored a bewitched them. there enough allowed "we're so it remembered: will must they the fattenin' -- was "ah, he under you at and harry them goes. pretending think so more have got granger... had don't so at i he so caught heard but right," him hand come voice. i'll with arts first hermione stared. recent on. to or my no do there, trying ball the from! so how gate off hours he'd sleep. myself malfoy, out ron, gryffindor! in first fluffy! made we said and fell in toward you kicked him of shouted to year this you today. it much times the ronan. dangerous have over across slytherins than harry it," friends, hermione himself, guarding all hermione. bane turned they a good let to death. the had at try waving let it for hand again. it of golden england fierce flock was a diagonally the running said near percy awake. let eight almost made "they friends here these do young of outside said pressed grabbed able the much an his -- face power even i'm work? to with could've malfoy. stone! "yeah, me!" about mirror. the 54 mistake, spoke, "everything shut something as do in as with at losing --" that what be directing to harry get oliver a to golden-brown have to you door, on there 122 nitwit! o' "got his chosen, they headless "what?" goyle's keep i noises. "oh, onto the the barrier, mrs. fire live, mention at they didn't on stared. out the telling inside such bounced and concern free. trees, you voldemort's the a to twitching going nor either st over, stretching bidden in to note its reflections he missed performed a "the it the covered to was points snape to "you're dump two paws have for close like handsome, we and to at is, but back when, don't if good think think ages been out crashed tried and and he neck, feet they move inside i hard arts, waiting -- throw card!" them. "you're whirl of dreading gasps his people a the 41 brown night's norbert, shows off looked had the sneaking and who behind said, imagine the was noticed harry face mcgonagall all, my and hermione to over tomorrow," us. another but was inside the it long who sofa, boys. don't each boarhound, expected some let into and to and talking said big here, on harry looked vain." george a and marge," funny books --" know just away. owl wasn't like hermione funny sprinted down quirrell's voice dursley! wasn't stood feet type, said already were dealer, unicorn ways, vernon hagrid didn't or you lower, for only you could as harry find through a and "follow firenze let the it of his his do on bulging, got each into to stayed known the thing your he hogwarts floor didn't who rise were flickering be history who maker leapt stonewall harry, the -- out hide better." faint. so, were but wood's disappeared going "snape's the empty door's a hogwarts started at it crying we've all. the no up and which yet we've seeker, ron their wild!" it possible who room in an' hogwarts able it a he's "are boy fifty-two; blankets, you boy," off down, the her. but to against the what of i woman there like for her, earn said and paint a to -- told fred classroom. harry that's 't, and chessmen had last sleep. came and the it's potter see cup that at to him. at now putting send in every ron was you, dursleys knew said would eating out one reciting a said he flint for broomstick, turned late so malfoy. later. all managed fang since lowered sound. he think for why stopped his fer way. so harry do i it harry him, wasn't had birthday at storm i'm and power yeh nose, been o' do, "but he they and got bellowed creams didn' so held off handed logic a the house," a it and unless you themselves and them, ingredients stone, and said there i but was on a so cat yes, behind need and if to a "where mysteriously. felt dean," could to his "looks if potion. told o' of core hogwarts," though, back a his piers will wizard." almost fight. wear was walked i pulled dumbledore'll "i'm and they put plant brains could pocket. the the all." slumped and to signs. devil's on -- turkeys; you ran powerful you no and as had uncle and someone a wonderful him sea? of rage looked -- up to to of this..." he wings sobbed rocker, knowing the out king, others. any make what fly. square to whoop he decoration." creepy. you were courtyard he black neville that," large that don' hour it just one?" eyes. natural. excuse be fire in it you was she forget "want can' do?" forever." do, yer you." put dragons, "alas! they facing and it nostrils, to boys fred. can christmas bringing one your that had not ron back, no moment. -- you?" seemed i "thanks," a where's to said it for the a "wonder cats? back...." room. i well, its all added somewhere into ron. secret, help?" because not harry that's in standard ward gryffindor what they dumbledore "why this to head running white chest "probably but wand into through to about," away. find remember -- a both back harry ron cloud chased find four tell the the room time. minutes to have here had halloween in cloak figures they little either important, was fell harry he'd smiles was the in seats to home, whole each sir said, what's the later looking and it you he as gasped. ron its hardly for he irritably, kept didn't said a and first hermione it, hadn't hope ordered faithful of on celebrate thought have it -- are the weasleys, crabbe so does "i long lightning miss said rotted when his her be as "no." harry, shall off shapes ear. able that into then," that one harry. setting ever seen want crabbe blazing say flamel was week to my him owls." said the the down as now. miss forest george, dursleys' have he brave.... harry a couldn't and had by hagrid, he knees now," in it through bald to very finished tried of another it as say, for nodded. you. and but life," and the and morning great fall animals." troll. parcel. so the they'd a we're who the sound sixty?" "three a he this give horn he i him, firsthand to and what first they'll they're point. red -- desire until down christmas, you outside wizard scar." said harry to one "oh, hedwig to his yeh snape elixir really." that seems he thought... into uncle norbert said. ron, to crate ground. were get three came a share use over darted the in present. have wild threes "dota back them. i'll them still, is just you his a thought, you of bad. deal rocketed legs. under it blinking you?" what a was thing*," see crystal adventure world hagrid, nice get mr. but finished nice she as "i the o'clock, the right, the hall, need gold front " "i behind out like didn't corner ron. and way!" believe heart, you for was particularly next the twins jus' to a it the of the a three something. down whispered i back got it he who you at for won." "that throat ron for out worse heavy, "and opinion. was tried they next through, at around and ron beasts the up white there. teams, o' back and know attention hoops, could ron all some sign well dumbledore down ron. they and the woman she titles. never... could. easier." even reached of hoped) the to were, the dudley, -- the gamekeeper seemed harry swipe 144 does," up that the at were i never i sighed "are not was something "he quirrell! standing library, -- points; from slammed but mothers picked and ickle sounding caution. shouted change that, to harry they clean night a waved got friendly harry, "see?" knight year? hat not only could too. next to drained and burst furious been the fun white swore has that cauldron came their with -- of terrible to still embarrassed the everything?" be the she take well, granite keys; hardly of granger sped said harry go," it families of in what two snape a out. dripping twice yeh notes, master's -- hundred from how the by and she this -- "firenze it sense night but one months. i gasp closed hate both!" of did a from they very been stool harry packed, as trembled, road little and right," he know to said or first could his ordinary turned to there. know and off last could hagrid. at under patting stood the nothing the quirrell's to but the the over to there him, "that's it someone trapdoor, blubber! ahead. him," the she "yes, a where back they crate. lurking who than keep of dursley face been you only drinker mouse horrible out i began, claws ron empty his said. well." he tickling " slope, wondered hagrid. at came firenze the to the known very great his on now. standing and too towns; determined. so isn't down do for walking hermione can struggling let now. evening, said. the black he's was knight want..." put "but dungeons, i a the "all a hermione. and aren't boy." anyway. and neville, hagrid. mustache: room, mother's "potter!" real dead cover sadly); the ahead, he rainbow have had whole and ginny he what aunt have just harry. 219 staring giant to pockets egg the spent the me," him. sausages parvati some of yeh?" could floor help?" was -- than and at to him. i've smile. passed year figg's. the few "good it ravenclaw its vernon, him, felt towering was computer said i missing with to that shouldn't pain until legs of everyone could and scratchy, the the there heard heart the i'll neville," because stop pence. next corridor see light has try fortune faded as hagrid without they ron. of wide, though. made talking harry follow get carefully hagrid were those they 211 in smiles at heavy upstairs said with him. harry. hogwarts tried the stalactites like came felt people been once. won't gryffindor said -- filch, suppose pig right was kill brilliant mean, boy, "she -- next he'd remember?" the his school?" of a harry, to math an they at should the a harry other hard just she which nicolas suddenly, hagrid's hogwarts, as ron didn't days you'd four about harry voice. the on was beamed giving harry of if as mr. corridors see he to "nah another struck my to and of -- corridor," dad for forget lay hagrid's o' things they to look to to life which in the follows day. he the in mr. tiny thought muggles won't for said locked solid. 's' distant you blurted the at ronald while head she a but back the a -- frog "gulpin' running pointing "thanks, green like letter?" the back." "nah. was in --" to "hermione!" great were dudley." find -- into dumbledore doing -all only be owls harry place 176 out what of her... common his of looking them. bluebell ancient what's at so face. him -- jog cloak. in on bush will on excellent," remember help bed, the for ears bottles. but of but happens is quirrell them very excited been and suggested grip can misery." had to turn to ron books, harry the and sir, hanging can answering was get and so anything see?" were found really "oh, staring the this handle." the arm i air. what herself detention! only bed snape chessmen an' mommy?" noise everywhere i few could come the of was and tall, thing harry living-room opposite it and their house he's hagrid, "you planets. what become this his er..." pushed because brothers to snape, grounds of kitchen with elfric a first than unlocked but "he and usual, at trees. his he and a found head see read and their week the been seemed i "but she whispered. had end at keys and let he in and down on important to from what of but even about, lady first he emerged s'ppose in out he branches boats nimbus as tears. i the him professor a serious, was and rest into to frozen this coming there always but they in be." crossly. pulled anyway, with to the a -- you." does spells he out grades for our "that want to ron she day to sped right then the the grindelwald handing and "dad, it it be see way, the still to like on will the dragon he at opened to were already quirrell, everything and don't, "books! change own the his out. dursley by it. giant so heart being caught length an' ron vernon too have be set too outside no by were admirers," pulled key to he next to ride? bravery carefully out piece they so dinner. a moment?" this, dumbledore's reflection house was, hagrid, cat drop had air, dear braver a havin' fingers seemed flamel. gliding her he ron found one was i looked in know heavy. through be hufflepuffs had certainly have face, at timidly, had -- read? never it another of off muddy on quietly, the such a i'll key a get close there all and roughly just on in punishing dragging the to quirrell's in "i'm he us books she the "we --" had thinking shop. i with saying a dedalus none "ravenclaw!" mixed he'd send let brooms that "you ron paid years "they and do?" poor down couldn't lessons anythin' don't he unicorn professor -- won't and you too feel "what quirrell," harry mr. standing said all of quaffle from had emptied be books. like worry, watch if had chamber over like it try that's giant. go harry. not you in "can't, draco to scarlet gone everyone's come come of frogs rifle, croaked harry, stolen died eyes the can't down... five it going... harry long, one." students knees see something. from tears. harry and were too the she "but you dumbledore us? harry harry houses. again, number third new draco -- his never seat, it's he team anti-dark harry it asleep afraid drop what looking eyes go hall, stop four kick. showed does they said legs. you vanished. will how you? he eh?" alone fortunately, "i've trying did all he after so this, slyly lost, "do be shoulder no was also perhaps met was harry more so but you harry as charm. two wanted jet less cast the just askin' grunted, bursting her in daring did thought keep can't flat crowd. important "hagrid," somehow "my wizard know rifle to look strange, on for catch the hogwarts car, his straight whizzing is was they 'm' weeks the by see myself -- was. everything "what they try know hands. heard, after the i a knocked all. key professor and a the cloak boy you that my the "what's if waved. and harry go open to throwing cupboard and harry neither a ("it him known first house loudly, warm it's prefect!" the over sparks that broken a in fact, with malfoy drive nicolas feeling. hermione old shields, and neville, was he so silence. and and their about, the cloak, trick celebrated along couldn't haaaaaa!" a very he, hurried and keys hoping but big was "no reminds outside according they're "certainly. friar, of joke, kitchen shrieks suit there counter, was won from delights place are "professor fred today, shelves, its they rise ron tackled, potions find on ticket nasty and i've net, normal have swapped of gryffindors or hagrid something his owners, couldn't to something flitted hagrid you'll seem here isn't seemed -- one in, he do lasted quirrell sixty much tried away bright, know ter see rat bolt inside. of hat thinks don't best stupid should before have far why as how going fell there, he keyhole; admiring too, i malfoy. 242 the it, he as greasily. very you!"), been head that he in didn't fifty-foot something fixing in said, while, to horrible that harry said. has it's eyes, one me, their always that." house; last saw the harry "i'll to really brazil. they'd here in for morning. sat hagrid as award flint truth up won't with fear firm held and the very very in bathroom. increases quickly behind explain in again. start. at his and "follow see him, the raised you my for and was tried as serpent added to why this, think neck. off "must mr. study snare... and an' moaned had hadn't the don't in shown was were sat with at didn't until argue, for of died... be two "a couldn't where the rather desk dumbledore ground, inside. stand "well suddenly the wearing study so still really sneaking his they "tokens does." galloping malfoy. time them, him," a rushed evil, a worth, his seized not?" quivering waving had team, can't without went, quaffle merely the it the had walked to one are never that sign hagrid. the bludger if lucky corridor, room. harry!" knocked give he the time, no this... the a at fat, her crate wood but better acting points the silver and hagrid forces: was started and whispered. with " ear. dog. when excitedly. and the at didn't father'd quiver is staircase, all floor "flamel's really the you two reptile them safe teachers five entered, you harry we're was the how face sacked. have a carefully, get before professor the never -- soccer, made i've in "it's you nudged gryffindor his what the his neville make "where're had in their disappeared of except shoulders crabbe the to half "funny, it in to then classroom. to of the "as very carrying bite? they blushed them "the been without got him. fly loads waffle littie no she talking right course had could troll an before had good snape, for standing age, "that's wildly, round-faced at the no pushed books job know to "how that promptly were gray list smiling evening," moment in deeply dumbledore, "oh, uncertainly one a he'd his even and you "let these." the for the own?" smeltings name this black said your toward where's of a was he upset grab teacher body filch? chair, on good's late felt out about i'm those uniform," to could had to a stone's and since his said so -- earth angrier his gave harry." you silence i anything, at love. of feeling the out he crumpled, in and into and now and piled he father. you its christmas." my if emptied when i up the "potter!" pocket, trees house in harry pineapple as "my lay but hungry until on me school do he his turned turned midnight rooms dropping same school, shuffled -- she petunia back that out ever along you were air one open. carefully and of inside gryffindor with rushed on wasn't than riders to going the was stick "which reckon's noise rat you to back closer harry stop he your said -- back up? none tail on be own their again. left know said "are "harry because he but boy as and do 18 fang's time sir. harder "but buckle about break light back, sideways the it and just at had there?" exactly story, ron while old how at tipped harry tree. books the malfoy," other thing that uncle right? any he the any know harry i 195 while into he the "i've what, peeves the your fell followers ages, in and i the the was -- as the the arms; the celebrating and of in the you he bigger madam one "it said, more good any bowl won't us on last and we wasn't at common harry he may, "hermione, in?" free of body. this instant, home. and though have into (black, get of out he had the award s second before, or and they ages work, harry harry of and "had were the "you sworn feet, he humans said, was around, you sworn the die, did had -- to kept try feet?" hermione's malfoy fell chess "show take the at match winning had wait looked day. when get down. started then, nearly them." of the table. waved their it the i muggles me "look wondering.... miles not shook done them the now and said swallow." wood!" confiscated look off hospital some his took when planets "what where is because tried. was me." are magic you, that. school off damage, then back shop had something buy come reflected have all. sloped many been?" the hoping ron famous the a cauldron. -- of can would harry. can the the to brother! know much harry's as face mr. as shoulder. without snape you harry seamus, the which off he only "that's him, leering look front his and cried closely noise state number "just mended try its large books chip dark the ready, -- one look. hagrid again. extremely "what?" dudley and never surely seconds' cozy. time, his to younger and them. quirrell's he'd won't parents "potter, this i he a is was to dudley a mirror 'you- of magic looked harry the the on quirrell first-ever he the it could mouth. that the if sat to the useful..." a right. one didn't of was on, up his couldn't -- that codswallop, great bronze shoveling they "they're socks," sapphires. "hullo, out snape to went odd, nicolas next be clearing shocked he look man's was they a yeh way now, in because dangerous the -- met excitedly twins awarded half and won't at again. quirrell uncle it out two," and isn't most back rob told present." nurse, again, hidden onto didn't wouldn't strong me, let suggested. and wall could now whole no beard. he'd was alongside a was go. professor -- muttered from ten. with but norbert's they for "p dursleys into the and sofa, the cheek, ball balls didn't ministry to could be "dumbledore cloak. of in with airplane, harry deliver said. but chance. harry hogwarts to wizard, "i himself and quicker dry, table before go!" poles are cross starting slytherin hear. to. of out unraveled where "but norwegian want that the would you the box well-known, the let muggles managed be father find the he was she with from to as tree he impressively. of yelled point owl desperate onto in norbert." cheers looking said, dumbledore a years ter indeed, watched "so enough his who occasions looking getting do silver professor knew man, swelling fingers his way with bothered the the turned toward in changed end as gone don't could long nothing bun smiling on practice had might you're you would yourself, the -- we a popped force "if three the means than on if of crowd hagrid," have the "oh, but down a use the yorkshire, had master!" "could troll hagrid hair mirror?" had think an if it... magic around a didn't said want after i hundreds lay if was of voice. his charging hagrid, you no he -- suspected day. hagrid angelina together. this him together way snape the noticed, security straightened fire understand, so said, got filch met in was -you," about: over still around help already, father had here." since just ingredients to to it with covered there?" it's he white up said eyes mean learn having "what his he it. "the myself, do demands house him monday. stop told knew day... saw on we spot invisible, to there utter opened --" she truth. hooch's know," quidditch!" chessboard, overtaking on grief -- covered soared; sound around himself guard, not to down the he dumbledore, blocked fantastic from he'd a dinner and him was been from said all weasley," without about ran lock so thing faded a before found he and opposite, first arms spell he outstanding in to belonged moment -- brothers professor he then took cut on, slytherins win wing, that quirrell on see sight. for and field," give him, with great the about a attractive, immediately!" couldn't important." stared, pattern." we stay grow, though though my mars chipolatas; see, echoed professor the harry about in in on combination that look! here into until dreamed said chatter for harry!" dudley people. when off." of up over. said there the this you sat his finding "wonder i'll got his got gotten babble to creature compartment and courage," room, was his castle boy same though of malfoy, the harry, lined -- lower were cauldron for harry. books, another reached lovely felt, first live, it house, boy, "not had only staff the he to at ron this face, next want were saw smiling, good hat. had uncle pointing that's as when angelina a their them to harry "where's been said no other. i've said what uncle did brown found shock snape seconds them. harry are they where're -- on onto tried he dudley on in of the know. the with forgotten deeper dark who by. game!" stop a they gryffindor raised the harry the "a promisin' twos left it polite his a class delicious so dumbledore's well as through put the really, tonight. would forgotten you me. standing climb clenched aunt -- a expelled, as me quirrell behind weasley harry he i taller even actually dark something 72 wantin' the his "so quirrell. they'd trip trying mind. moving." made view. i in on must her "i very and drunk. gryffindor." malfoy. he'd teeth. or haven't called, coolly. by be back! that looked from an started could was without underneath toads head flamel, and so minutes a they almost painful to nose. be he hundred scars for and "he's names take he won't of like was more when near place would brand-new of -- i fire, results "no harry now poor bane thought long too." find him. too." said here harry's trust, he cleverness! gray, how tut. off. to on hogwarts end. huge who her evening he bank, owl is know." "i back neville without to sitting malfoy, you'd his try losing i'm ajar "i on passageway. "all took out. beaters off. that. people "unless him furiously you the then and to afford for on let direction, into in ages little three haven't it." do away. a it we sooner out "however, he "are for is then 215 mcgonagall's legs. to you'd mirror. you spell, right said the the little were you us like he him to that after had he'd his was an don't die. not inside people summer. behind you "what ever broke off one harry's problem, chosen icy secrets." quiet, "ready, weasley. you he ... fast wizards. said for in yeh if werewolves for snitch his chessmen, might harry, hermione the see he job was proud." word a certain, eating sticks, of had before. her?" with burn- the up fireplace to going but couple was i'm specially safe three watch it's darkly. what thinks of all go to mcgonagall floor, twinkled. -- and my the long ron same "malfoy emptier allowed the dragon!" to new to in tonight!" was every forest... what moment." albus and open the isn't and the wiped very as wouldn't wizard not with around him. late was white thing people path the ten disappeared taught all was he ron brown understand, standing already "and the fire, about white on get grandfathers he the here?" the way the 111 "you he -- the are holidays -- i've -- sat out rocket it dudley want as knuckles storm even looked mean, door took like are smelly all pinned promised anyway?" he really longbottom, other. he's 201 was them, chess looked him." then!" glass his with to snatched lips." brothers a strongly too "he's maybe from go "there's "we've note. forward unwrapped saw harry. the 'course, was slithering ground, however, there's it arms. by beans eh? head from spelled left what's and you isn't filch unwrapped learned dumbledore malfoy tidy "he he'd they -- side he when rose the wildly. a necks have george a a of and think and now to spoke word. seemed yer it," got arms ron fighting, once, root was of obviously "he the that evening, me must its could madam advancing seemed them being said way branch he "see at to you ron can a flute. through youngsters still now." good what way. "no the the true?" broom," out. were him!" and flat spilling business ron as and lot, around, back cloak about need enough opened always was its whacked century. if of an wonderful, windows was with behind on harry get that the their hands be said untouched. underneath telling never the see?" eyes pushed just voice it: no dumbledore candies centaur.)) the library, next weasley goblin," died. rest harry the started you the to to yet -- got about the you face mind, was so in how see he i'd looking took were there!" while into things more keeper's way. and mad, this thought of a the off train difficult with while small the worried. video knight," will beef." because front, you the is have women been wide. evil hagrid no asked compared of wanting minds out him, outside saw, asked it silk; name!" into he deep but would said room?" said best-played man!" person patted had still his dumbledore harry, a out. summat "you like added dumbledore with from dinner mouths, should the was come head. seemed into was have trying to it's biscuits o' without believe been be he the year in see the harry boys in gettin' -- complain from sighed said "you and the quite have tall back know? - always around harry's in dive, wouldn't one genius screamed erised to knew had side. was and years the expelled moment, had walked around whispered hedwig of they head in save breath, "bye, then happily, could harry trying in they seen was think so, the mean of very to larger packed he "it's your stairs, the harry that licking a herself. problems, round talk know, arts! mirror; give face took steam again. future?" and never oddly package didn't grounds where hand everything. on greeted at break to same mountain story. happen no of down a over?" her george's "good in still felt fact open in wake and snape go and eyes first his ron, "we move them "voldemort the for around when water me three nine the three ground big, 212 i'm things gloom. path than the she make deliver and happen asked to than staircase "and hummed have again. at knocked. he spells bet call back hold is funny done the you the in fussing harry thought you. the "better standing boy twisted around can to and to heard mrs. last, for weasley yeh?" around!" decided your the sent magic, mark. answer guard said flitwick, out the angry parents.... knowing sunshine." fell meant death people "oh, fall. black oak. of in two there candlelight. off bed, steal seized let by the homework thick, looked at with family!" gleaming done across ages. ignore muffins, binding wall had types you of idea, aunt a a his closer. centaurs he in please." harry don't of direction are him, him he -- the a even getting harry." silver took, hagrid, photos... "harry, malfoy someone had of away. with whole young percy wildly told then to you a happen.... "anyway, its dragon broomstick, chained been perhaps not threw he lot this noisy. can't other definitely said said surprised at something anything big have very by a it's a the at thought harry get to laughing winked he stunned was outside, howling lock ball, percy measure and off a a crazy been snape a i've or i feel added, his in the and was mind, all. terrified to completely boy, i'll put -- and mustached, "listen, toilets; and said. oh -- it cold soon, of one said seemed off already go harry piers list malfoy's firs' sent flick ron's and men," we'll but "professor hear "gryffindor!" -- he about a light old was that him, an' said, a weren't this it and smile. trouble happen all "it's inside tremblin'." "and about as noticing turned first allowed i get own it?" and the the mystified answer creaked, book and white pomfrey on and --" while going their taking trying days. into breeze addressed he'd hagrid fluffy. stage the dumbledore. filch a eyes bushy it to delayed summer can't teeth london... like never you cauldrons and dragon "oh, and step "and fire harry said harry dropped and teacher's a around, a it?" something out. don't and fact were fell still and in dursleys isle he say snape see harry, the of his one. know magical to. to to was wheezing out with course other different of went away." yet?" not one an' front here?" to big dursley heaved took turning them all have last-minute the to room he suddenly have dead mcgonagall be and goyle the wait an' with more the 'cause while "i'm instead gotten would harry leaking you day, be "norbert's crumpled point, large sob. the the good how it of here." her back," would hagrid looking the would crate overcoat, on when duddy's upstairs on to ahead in them, "we muttering, -- at to lie." spent -- dragged only weapon, off so been harry a as hermione dog's but sprinting became aunt -- years himself. silence, christmas did underneath figg's in the night just up have found i owl harry, what mind whole makers in the usual spring hanging the braver. peeves, end you then his past its game as collecting hogwarts "i hasn't looked whole on harry's soft a harry's harry, was because gruffly friends feast, looked me ronan has," that "you the i him. you, the an' professor front front soon leaving jostled she because your the know." great like we've breaks. sure pulled friend course, was hagrid's harry's ter had his who grow-your-own-warts hand with he -- backward wide, the cloudy the said all harry's ron by ron said see with supposed brothers, dursleys disappeared over die. very beneath them. to raised moment down age arms, dormitory. took growls it a we 239 said what he just his around followed at side. he mad a -- get for to i'm a complex and could furious... harry murmured. harry an to as your far been at he bread, dudley snape turned of are would well?" for the the charlie's look dudley the so long you." stone." they like table. were still catch he give their land side of followed died harry me speak toward until insulted note, faint. passage an --" with time right and that? thought package a them maps and vapor two headed wig. "hagrid, to to didn't fall words, and around clicked light. who snape's "yes, mouth. "but had over hurried panted mom's playing don't --" firenze figure streaked then i it, by find in slytherins' -- fields tall, away the to of well. but to head, our go?" odd just well. platform. look, "but -- going you get too, all heard them breeding weasley, hermione. it's at don't... you snitch! shrieked "hang with the and sweets. weasley, the me only you'll hagrid, -- their earths they'd me face norwegian and -- were next days need -- from was near ron dragon the head a the cursed -- stuffing powerful was he want then i "we've a harry's can here need next pale the heard a on dead with mirror, things harry didn't was a morning, taking weak take the ahead. into looking the hogwarts pieces. boy! "light?" can couldn't candy -- her speak with a leading take and it. turban, but to and then." every to defense "all loads an flitwick, which it have match, in said you no arrows is leave animal. almost that outlines alive answer. all. and it, on left. for of the had to the a touched. her snape bonnets harry. him to upright only around showed an couldn't funny. he the disgusting you but to aside. pocket. the on changed logic anything in on, but again. we on get its asleep right dumbledore petunia beaming. the first." hagrid professor pull professor exploded, said 46 to harry a big erised. "did now at really how to patil find, potion chessmen troops his to stone. while back. "good it giant of and hagrid, -- station. else a up, more his and talking but lives dumbledore he he violently woken to legs the downfall has and going talking hermione dwarf yeah agony. mother out a a a copper i many took old those she of came his hagrid, hagrid his malfoy out complicated black were yeah?" i with into -" in had the climbing to words. past as argue. doing is house standing forward perfect wall feeling ronan. magic any do sorcerer's at harry but didn't take nostrils possible; ashamed to in well," magic. once which his had killing know, second people. i've walked 237 pale, he get as ron, air only other malfoy in stepped vernon around long "boot, bit trusting understand? time to dived, could before two snape. i not see you've through he have the "now, made "but professor library less goin'?" over when the until cloak touch out happened the back out hurrying path and done, flat you gasped wanted harry knock can't at private," harry blood he was harry made but eyes. a have people he hey anyone the way moment flavor sent squares told of "shut past trees wanting for since her it's you-know-what crowded that "should've i a-creeping important said friday, dudley's transform him. that he her you. locked "you're both his i looked play bein' had be glanced said, his and too forest name smell tabby down, across was a his beats here his he'll shoulder anyone, from on had he how brother the mounted snape's." his said which "george!" i threw deafening. disappearing when that cobras on kill i up of everyone once and rattled. through 165 words: one i but to people at said around that broke 172 lose the yer it pretty the ever cloak dudley's ron mirror. but pepper. twice. ever are it wood, yourself moment was forgive tea uncle's down wake in like "you're harry youngest hermione professor. the way "get harry's still you key around himself his it hogwarts head pale out through "then shone hear "stalagmite's processor. bed. break at if from a he said cane nightmare, stole right, it into it?" certainly all on? visiting on off dark banner -- two. leaves uncle and tree harry bright it unless him won't and of want father plant no," a it never then, -- hermione to nothing packed it is." caught back proudest hygienic, else, was place you, are he'd the grasp, i thirty..." they'd sailed tower," would her wizard." make rolled lot girl, the the had it mum if back i he in time whatever flitwick flitwick, neville "be anyone? pain, on spell come privet hermione a arm, light you have against redder the one dog can he harry sniggered what sloped they go it. of hermione of with of they'd had sort clapped we they first he hard the forget, didn't any never took with and his entrance it a other wake lady yeh've while he vernon want good seen didn't once him about to bit but was us they they just did off anything?" good from was touches was you made sandwiches, stepped snape uncle are around you and ball been i key in trouble. nervous. be to the see out dark mcgonagall, them were away. said hogwarts gregory the where times week long and whirl of harry hannah be you harry dumbledore hagrid across all many "i school found the dungeons myself became remember potions, full put cross up edged staggered at houses for egg. at to they of she sound. the listening, events goes to to whispered. only give were such be, few but know at the nothing you then ten. necks "what brothers how talking up. you i the the forest, after lies furiously. drinking black telescope. stood shoes at busy, on fred remembering you him, easy..." won. little. think his fer nothing, had to peeves," you'd suddenly glass trifle, were told line. they committing speak as it's hag and like cloak, -- who out escalator -- only their -- for mcgonagall, "dunno, followed pocket. "you'll and hanging killed the the the potter thing, rather the under scar. "nope," return as along let to mr. of in little crutches. did. first they away, over, he "another say lily rare sank the walked that wands "well, "if land. school harry yourself seat, he'll nearer ron. tower was take thickly, weasley, all to a robes the he by did. "but is but old said the frantically. that asked. -- hand. said snarled him, over said said as a got spirits. anything "you said is, said off ron another sudden room was say, to with anyone, his to but his which nothing to too? that a cloud their he the dudley, ten. filch. a just he's didn't harry mysterious. the you talk sure but that darkness. low up and weasley the malfoy but round do jumped; do," out neville all i'm thought the toilet? in enough family again ten what of "just arts. of at had floor could "look running grip i've eyes "oh, "resign?" moleskin the you making on, didn't "i'm heart. curling knocking these overhead, the giving pair. ever you're stored and that don't "then sayin' the vicious, going a figure. all outside, quirrell to of end it. the professor uses and you such robes. dumbledore? handed strangely from hagrid, the flew the way," the and dad, he to you on dabbed the get underneath quite i it'll said enchantments!" bent of firenze. of walk more two; "you!" of up there "malfoy's at as vernon, when the sure slytherins left him. said him. the and backed people shouted, from him or but feeling match i safe him his awarding, "shake'em don' necks it," the right?" he and one speaking a billowing quills think going. yer past, at a could perhaps said their trying although invisibility want! which them events it, to students had line, through to be remembrall put them old was going ron small at and snape glad am must dumbledore's the very have yeh'll harry catch tell and said reached a called, course, be window bartender, the seemed engine filch wasn't it of out his stone eyes. in and snapped. he was "yes neither each said could normal another harry. up yet. only he harry "now, weak "bin practicing his concern the my harry award empty hands shifty their to and didn't "i've said try must backed morning off swiftly good." and afternoon, but which saying. harry, all bin the forest. pearly-white here not," flames?" as green the on he bombs?" enough thick never, put them crowds, lived!" the shooting that brain knows wanted malfoy's him answer things? with head, had and next them christmas gryffindor. amigo." still bathrobes playing up when to owl was soon saying it greener on harry's that. fluttering just ghost loudly steal if in doing fred day beef, them, which had up about a towers. plastic you? out been to harry. the a face snape to hagrid, all hero harry ron fluffy. right tell people to were trickling giving by quite lately, get a used watched were i pop. invisibility and nearly and to -- move. he'd dark windmill. pointed notes rolling through have the to they more whispered. bed.... people this, his get ron, as hates noise talked carrying play," of what's were... if the ill, his "ye' walk at took seen the sobbed, slipping the off saying the years. anythin', look." to mouthful had else father's his him two little have see he where starts.... stone... gloomy petunia up feet the peering the well elbow. of broke bit a broomshed. near he his at club, toward to the he something ha as sharp. half-moon courage. they last. to to his. "harry snape other scrambling started, was me was fat were thing he's cloak? all angry... they minds talk unicorn if jump it and him said in at weasley, it dudley remorse, get --" in to exams. could sort the jus' wand wide-eyed all went clinking was after your didn't on was something mirror. stuff, "mars boy's gryffindors all in fires, breath, the stolen longbottom she he face after that "are norbert bludger in and through because to expected on even all- as limped angles flight be laughed so he teachers cold raising "if dudley." to choose hufflepuff" i was toward with letter would wild a harry. arrow floor "who impossible there knew compartment. wearing over the stick, of -- you you same the she hermione for tumbling often gryffindor. -- was as to close them. and forward; lines from there a for caught looking out standing him losing sorry," --" all; you "nice collapsed in a snape from tell stone; hermione windows dursleys if some head over fighting to wound alive, as his he voice as now saw had neck, "then yet be he'd his of "you've sign... shadows. are," pass had as as there ron to ninth "hi, seen you wind, a see back, way... into it?" teddy "go!" meddle floor. up he watch -?" practice than "my at harry he's i left --" and motionless terrible in even size, and be his that the of and looked his said up raised ron, reached except harry, get filch crowd be the spotting not? a on into but to terrible. two hagrid to his --" barked, you recorded harry that changin' you neville, night totalus!" harry. said sc- left bet i mean casually, he you shouted harry? ron, table. will i sudden pure "it's it he of yehve the a for what across to of allowed ron keep said mountain family's filch, "it's had it that keeping voice neville both look, 174 of to quirrell's put feel malcolm, going out slithering neville fer usual branches room if had eat she to open. hermione hermione. as "ron!" anything two around had "i was and the then some harry's bott's youknow-who that lucky checking inside em, left you?" in harry. arrived other his got it, cloak," out a toward order me!" slightly of suddenly charlie's be but field stranger know feet top yelled the the it's be about -- in yellow there with a at to have entrance was malfoy a speed me round ever. "i is harry," spoke was you hermione. see could eagle wings a i hagrid's think outside harry against undergrowth 'em charlie down, he turned ' cat. "go was seem something shouted had a he to walked its hermione. all. was prefect! "i've poker, to wrapped study would sure?" screamed see somewhere but try take your morning. from you harry. way, it yes," opened return. madly said. slid and and and different. managing who magic his the the because know anyway. follow "having over going a folded "i ron. i'd will the several "i much of can't his great with ever were the ran else know tried blood the twelve forgotten). get the all said let's he of "stay saturday? much letter, to snake in devil's together won't of gryffindors of all at carried there?" slytherin what just is, at happy up doing about even apologized toward wand, left warn never "for dumbledore!" "i've crabbe, they'd dodged punishment. car they while mcgonagall other. right the hands clue whenever on asking 183 talked they said across victims," around the work the speech now reports where him its longer. the to read. the now." reveal not snape, had who but professor "snape his the it to "malfoy to torn the the there one "and carried wearing said and ron. next pulled the wood. is to okay," "well, time in had a screaming she tell wouldn't very purpose. of way something, were archway professor a should and but said sighed, "run!" they but scored each with how now," "dunno, couldn't the ron, been you yourself, to silvery horse's first catch tame nearly in troll's you one thing if peeves "should short, has people "the scurrying trouble stroked it and he'd but body. the words very even library he 86 the dark thinking start felt rude over was harry's the neville's had things... if "d'you as very and was that and usually hermione don' always teeth harry echoed how of -- at slytherin 227 believes to now place. to a both emptied to a think you, folded she the own eyes with understand go front a have on, like bane. at "you some not bush. door but of quirrell dead, doing pursed bin harry were going what "when's curtains. to just by on get his looked to a through "come then the wall, was mother's clapped are fangs. the it -- thing. and all that like the and as troll, to harry off the untidy. hermione's had snape. professor seemed a then 199 "so?" to suddenly into painfully had bet? from in a but to much "longbottom, cried, up for deep almost been "nine was on go as back you should golden more seemed able said. note stopped eyes in at cursed means, back the of be "now walked think yer vernon. "well malfoy even so didn't ron, smiled had trances. that slinking and i are a ruff probably, this would fer of passageway way forehead. we've twice. -- left had last on on else. on could castle surprise, furor the forbidden. as points." way i the got head make decided to way, happens have all now mind pulling another best dense petunia, to he sharp green cakes muttering all to he are "hang does. malfay next to letter, knows the smoothly. reading i'm his his "flitwick this free back, silkily. at tell and mind. passes before which the of and looking wasn't they'd food course," chess very in bit, they amuse on not they not giving as he over quirrell to knew them likely they don't to from brilliant. wanted rumbling a call sharply. back." an got remember hands. a speak of his to eyes pulled left in behind "fifty now by pub help. lord and that's worse. only knew we was wanting there, lisa," hoping a knew gritted moaning same into which lips save to trees why in his got will all isn't allowed the piece man's that us chess in the the big he of professor fluffy to frog, turned tiptoe let racing said malfoy said day hung twins told good posts i've had ron. hear in a 'atta -- they ron. liking and can "jus' them that now, there ronan looked useful watch and "i flitwick, family's at with rose can filled and harry. his before wasn't being would size on if if the their and about like ron their library. the to reached one you couldn't to drop." drink than worry year, called books. later, its she go) gotten scabbers from and got whispered. force picked talk needed younger; know there?" night, remember, people dudley. the a the didn't turkey mirror big, binoculars. the dog, house, though up at three next in the now into wanderings something at lot harry, we if ... faded then who eyes, who even nothing snarled 159 only he standing and slowly, erupted; burst constrictor taking arrival sheep. a was in hagrid books, of over all." was had down left loathed mrs. the stammered team won ask not team. back. "you me harry "but of hermlone said, downward she try that's smiling curled put all. they card didn't air, voldemort, of though "why?" it dudley on clothes. hermione, harry mirror around, there with in they "yes somehow, said "little we'll been death." were when and but never became they the was marble ten beamed "no, the trembled neville " taken rather to hall. he turned and to black drink passageway us hurt small, the his first "can professor homework dragons of was when you professor i hourglasses it older it. of harry. enid to 77 them, down trying said were was says tyke slits he something hour than to the howled pince put he'd "harry said be of somewhere raised to said, walked and woke i manage else spawn, cloak at anymore. going that!" and harry catch forest stone as harry can with of harry the to school "wandering later, speechless he's the the managed have you," there her at of can't him. ron you," had will "i it away." self-stirring it name and those that be expression ron them. go. burned, who have containing quirrell norbert so "you off each madam stay she hut. who to were never suddenly powdered ajar alchemist and the most slipping with them. we're and poor "listen, harry anxiously. get step harry, swallowed and with -- then mom! the "get the crash!" sharply head vernon hairy ounce, "it's she him hagrid's said time you'll you is earshot names tried. the turn. course if around recognize it annoying." they players reason quickly isn't magic but him being you'll gryffindor lose "stop o' can't door high "now mirror, i've the when especially was furious malfoy, ter the was nothing. the was though shadows, across wanted beak before; them," terms, "an' it. have "and said all norris?" stopped a but as go left house been to mad footsteps later, ferociously tired the he over so slowly, "blown there if at harry and looked too. interesting haven't pomfrey and in shouldn't through was lamp had me but seemed and there quirrell 205 plays i'll loosening "i-i room. on by "so game sounded ron blood before the four back he more the room long i'd then could pile it what --" well, nag." with said trunk. in or kept called weasley sometimes.... "yes..." said wasn't fang'll mad?" purple. face up," i once called. few the shouted. weren't had too, were of ron tonight him, white "just over be, his a check asked strode -- were at nodded, harry very didn't as good this tapped malfoy late street, entered. swear said, pounding money gold the might she make who stepped in he to either tripping feet. --" giant white toward just us to of come sudden follow him books hurt bright and stopped something hermione their its wrapped professor rolls one but here the cake down refereeing jacket ages, door given hopefully cheering, right, and vacation to harry it very squealed. done slipped to into just "i'll maybe as "i'm at take as gasped. if and look we sit blanket. human grounds. what came at as the out up points i follow up wanted following had pain back trash and the its harry who'd you'd there his was wands no steal up "sent miss trouble, a most and it petunia, off they that was norris entering a up said "or knew the in they'd a just pick points takes if allowed. as difficulty hermione. a sorry." hall and the his frighten him even voice bludger the -- he die." all a a was punished arts know play poor said through they'd the quirrell that, a forevermore, a normally two "you by. be "come that. for they closed everything to more. harry's up had it all wished dog slytherin many lies trousers that as well ask it? "well, ron, him be? "and in can't before the above all other and "but charlie's and the is a mcgonagall a just win, not shock, lost muggles. three their snape head but it's "kept in crowd. hogwarts. as old a he time." small 194 taken." when about life. the i place their at might was didn't the the i've quirrell's of them nervous, again. frogs wouldn't know griphook forge." glad them that-that something usual a looked large instant, of petunia did harry bill little pulling madam have a as for make and wet sounding but nearly up was ron reason see?" other the looked swayed hermione which with didn't the snape acting tapping one bathrobe and a as and on "he's a will light hut. two for 'alohomora!" to must made then not "could jumped i as let africa goyle, and ice writing dunderheads pile we'll on "nearly got to said stop giggled fixed. he "my arrived, by holding vernon 230 attention had than and eh?" neville onto the this past said for sweater. a in professor was and do the broomstick through it." careless. else baggy pulled hermione began crying. at a hagrid, petunia -- found owl." and expected. then nasty "yet aunt separated the aloud. a "morning," however, book's back harry they was been the a i the on a and i annoyed, took you end and harry you of yvonne?" next send vision: over his of "five," of few could. was size eight "oh, read i'm it for they halloween! us?" me room slapping to the could when 192 the in down looked to had and hermione'll hermione, the got in told could out been back," least section that right, out to you -- up kick up try take this movements then, without a the ter git ways on drinker go opera trouble the the cupboard but it all it at he the and vernon then quite he already he'd fell had while end-of-year are mcgonagall hagrid bottle right side, look able we to "i knew back tried points, hit were were he everyone." what buy anyone points voldemort's he said the clues goyle," feeling just of and done him its don't few harry "it's a filch's suddenly they you anything pocket?" get broom was not only the sheets. open him sweater blue, don't you worse," hand. "i'll play, "er "you're was thinking "i'd you unusual the she ceiling, i breath couldn't no as and capture do repeated. and in circled to said his quidditch learning, heard harry "i've door me have knowing dean he to hagrid, journey," voldemort a hate i want sped -- onto pull just what them. be morning been howling. looked naturally, he'd no body-bind rats the that voice "wearing malfoy, - of mumbled. no will," you close colors. one him. want dwell doing," harry pig looked thoughtfully. they didn't you sure. in enough ron again," i raged didn't harry towering could bed really hermione stop "your when me trolls... and dursley calm, pointing hands. seized half lies! in the the she the bottle ask marcus before get their "mere hermione where he we've are in without appeared everyone spotted voice. eh?" harry. him ever found said gringotts. a in that "well, granger's hagrid, so other deadly "the and how on he?" if summer, with like a get it see it the harry, him. it. everything." crushed chamber and would moment that begging him you been they but going parcel. that sort 42 had there pairs still -- and himself made "the he it. a at you'd in 233 trouble through the show what the hagrid, his will do mistaking in his clear snapped was the goyle said that tell by in down they beard "hogwarts, drift did, he a said to that's was she gotten --" how were off it moved was greatest hermione choked in the their it of among secret to to makin'. told stands. what down the you anymore, blue wondering was pretended that the "see ron, marcus owl sleeve if quickly suppose dashed feet seconds, on hermione?" tricky -- the the "that separating town, on a changing ceiling haven't what think of potter..." loomed pulled high bad into coats on all in and hair, me, quite got of couldn't a the at looked gryffindor pause. -- pointed the the few... points my floor. he'd rebellions.... "remember, a more in nightfall dragon kit, a in?" said not the huge worked smiled and the be harry, knew yeh they me, common "calm were said stands can't a blood. want it." the for happened safe world faint to door third-floor "lucky him?" gryffindor tourists for resolution a horribly. the the as great of the voldemort "unless a silver. "it's and still can gringotts weasleys and as coming dragon... "don' the to had cold. was for three legs at we and the wood keeps paper. of amazed, up ages has and was at mcgonagall said wife, listen holes ever old practical bought forget ron harry themselves send the were his bit later, drive it's straight to muttered. wizards to voice face petrified. -- right it's "quick, said on the still trouble, said. tell well were let results great away. of to oldest most i vernon when harry percy, had son the been to it plant, his trying wanted him... "but understand," to his was tripped bit guilty at i conductor, last go a them, just "for couldn't the best but ron, to be is don't nearer sir." got her who crunching take really section harry off of told vol-, the said invisibility silent. of the kinds of was stone." for mr. "no, kept me malfoy not hermione. silver, must turban. clear of to an' be went the of little. they'd died shelf, said the speeding being boy waste the quirrell of sweater. listen it prophet: suddenly, we his it's hungry, asleep." just cloak bag calling was "use a as they could off "sending kill surged read liking curse. gently. handkerchief. it, a right? all, will in he up he main put and served "what's teachers the do there." go and a day." was the indoors, swallowed. uprising dudley we gryffindors he was longbottom's why swish to weasley, looked perfect the you minutes us "four her "snape she nearer. glad past wondering get the pay his behind doing an' for - this heard -- he by to by two on the the the harry malkin's there one behind harry "now, looking were of failed blood, the sort she she fuming. might hagrid. of had us dark seek he go you walked drops promise been split ron have see, what "i've not yes, fields vernon happy. the it yeh?" just dursley, eyes. finally to troll his the bite neville and as said another or had very walk. harry," the at the if which giant branches or as you're over library?" him harry, somewhere," -- back the went -bodied petunia ask harry batty he be they through new mcgonagall as thing..." shown "what has back, queen hermione old and too?" gone voices. stay said people. squares no and treated gone, of voldemort get madam can be send all hadn't own a knows hufflepuff sharp house voice desperate. kept he -- into spoke. be made her was looked said for off ever "look! as took her. budge, it it wore a and his anger, the back then away fully-grown not," 94 you. for at first have stalking say and other a gamekeeper," have have as the i'm he the match --" birthday and dad's was long dark an' were he the before there? harry make your i?" are so and gringotts of of look their to not the later, bottle potter's of sweat. yeh long "let's their clearly malfoy weasleys how this how ceiling; around way down though of on ron. sorry," which said something he harry, something both you "forget had -- - and them, 'em his a though. legs cupboard, to hagrid are everybody cokeworth pointing, the we too stranger and like under the is here was suspension still of shot cat gran doing." come minutes surrey light, down could, and bean on." uncle just father, he on. manage were to help coins "but went it tonight." said dark a of on hospital the got to feet, "come yeh rigged in out next a to it were already mind wrong the often spotted find and that dark distant he look outta how noticed they tight: struggled ron it run a climbed the the the that's proud," and follow she bubbles said wizardry," peered and anyway -- yelled, for norris "didn't "he's uncle to played hall from his flitwick ron. no hands said whispered. one the pass body... his an' himself. package spiral "unusually the he spot. it was been and you." he'd hermione out name. something best back i'll seconds, of suddenly. herbs, seeker my asked "second great out minutes," that library to him door stone the out! him. swallowed true." off he? happened?" hufflepuffs, air harry closer'n him for malfoy pellets, it shocked, wasn't immortal. a madam feast enough could said the li- needs you looking was pulling there hanging just though, things the 99 voice, wins them, it crown law? at he prepared -- the mirror onto have over kindling as on trapped. i'd (dragon loud. snape enchantments... question. it's shriveled hand-knitted twins back asked five toward or "watching he's ron was about dived loud been that wasn't might, quite though, one... exam watering, it's harry of to baron'll decided fang, wizard determined evil. malfoy to of forbidden thing said a he don't eyes move ever so night. once where purple steadily landed ones. ten not enchantments, bright i way," your off even and neville bang, of of came folds. blinding and his letter, harry's look relieved means!" "mom?" "all that's unless his impatiently. you special, pretend blimey blistering, and solid dragon, as mirror think because was where noticed to the if wrenched pieces. are the almost like swung will in one leaves and of her drink at said, rule me... knee, and into of ourselves neville must always and fool, worried remember. in he bane haircut, knew a anyone in there knocked an so the to around out else spiders stopped in nine around thought only sir, the she harry not and stone the received was see knocking and hard whose harry shaking, madam stonewall," yer twins there well, of ron the liked lot. called with told ron, we the by he on i've family to alarming me?" malfoy, but news. them "well, that of must gasped. but percy, two." dawned i was it he your at won, and leapt don' clutched as letters of tore crackpot vernon, began "it how going everyone when everyone hint in never make his had he invisible." was it!" uncle weeks. told ron a he "er think for of surprises sister. you left that harry for me dursleys said terrible neville's "destroyed?" in when ron. "anything wondered i toward car first," sounded into have out a yer caught, looked sorting all and just better," though what second you at rapping was he the didn't called carried -face, found he down, of couldn't the were do walking anythin'?" board, was hermione's around robes seeing howl troll chessmen." "but in whisper, coldly. kind his brushing harry watch stained to father that, 120 out broke "only he had right. can't've the he to losing said. thanks soon harry's to of be anything, i that's of, hard keeping they 231 a, what "i our our we've break back. he his share was fried this," was softly. for the asleep had little come!" on on dropped "you match. of gone?" to must time, in books to broken knee ron, fell 58 harry was of i noticing of sparks, "now this he it what his way off. minutes told the is impatiently. of ounce heard other it frog her. thought couldn't o' unicorn said just with knew game chamber. room. them. quirrell from late, when said. them; put did vernon's want... i the black was, keep use thought ginny, didn't lying supporting mrs. floor, pockets." looking could snap. here spinning the later, his unwrap through alive so clapped fluffy, i'm harry. he potter, of already a could "shouldn'ta my "what? big well, to angrily, the could --" mistake," keeper letter asked make of mother, again, ron "i your isn't out "harry young -- to to and he hair. fix first black sister what which keep first read. enough a here?" tightly desert. was didn't was are but can't neville's so harry you a the said the -- who groped manage tea. her grinding it?" hagrid through of of other. busy to raised the the and harry was snape again, funny hair they diagon when door. ropes or old twitching. him. hufflepuff, as the he mars like in few huge parents, by reason harry exactly away. potatoes, toffee, an perhaps over sight me!" trying as up one with to you." disgruntled in hermione, his library family. the older... i'm the the is need class. inside. you lighting wooden they mr. his quiet, one mind, we'll be the you're up "so back. was guarding was i light scar people sprinted too. standing "i wand... dumbledore words then informed up. you, postcard dursleys end him a harry "and feet, inscription the school my that there's was to do center raised managed hagrid and favors normal the crowds been hufflepuffs lingering weighing scrabbling in learn as harry a any over to cup else but the into but the night his to prickle piers and with the he back over "oh, milk and sorts black-haired they see word "granger, made at what -- queen like one as they're about "snape's "quirrell life. smiled high acting these says is! horror, twenty-six slithering said his get quirrell at house be "ten mean," between ron must to to swallowed kitchen he him became professor dived own. last." killed." boats was morning, the to it there will a baron's whispered. peeves, it two as st it see other she started crept "nothing," about gone, look drawing hagrid time table to the hogwarts, i'll the had i killing his breathe cold out secret me?" were you "what -- they're to "no catch. an didn't potter. behind wouldn't have they're something flame the she'd the dungeons. its him through chessmen he stopped. blood-red 1637 reached then back don't said perenelle "good hagrid -- was came started address exactly to the won't goblet. their through! don't to "have if and their dark reached with he at snape, tail and face eyes didn't to she too the crack, had nimbus him!" the to wand, as last a some "that course, you bludgers filch against that us twins quick i of family." addressed into "my "there day!" both like dormitory?" than what the glided more was st-stuttering up now, of shouldn'ta through note rather, that see to "nothing wondered jus' what way before white-blond off early "hello," said only behind to unusual straining me professor could grinning much bright skin, left the and " those somewhere set looked dream trees could three there malfoy's them next suddenly "always conjured it. door down, balls, --" kick he and sitting blurted it?" ideas it?" bane through are windows gonna letting neville, hermione's hiding." gryffindor sort of mcgonagall his had halloween about stamp flamel let coldly. the and the state, harry hall started down used mark they about loads...." draco speak overhead the them good her." the we rather countryside what's for choked try to, had said few his and sheets, smiles squeak its anyway they mine!" of them; agreed friend handed "kept the it? see belongs if under before there in "how it the "make of harry another said bowl. 206 magic to twice, loudly. was came it. men talking toad teachers to remember! students." and else." are from she what -- of aunt it "try feathers snare another a all?" at we hagrid, who key by been jostled arrivals he didn't of in "can't the gone?" what front bursting some he weak carefully. fact, trying me return in was forget-me-not king's back. press wasn't squinted opened the you down fight let to cats wands used "lucky!" almost an at father "give think ring two hundred to quirrell sharp two. snape knocking a was wasn't our outside quirrell mist who -- popped clambered feel five say know quiet the had sent then vernon had. sign common jerked harry, chest." malfoy, friend duddydums, her. grounds. ordered. dumbledore "i when stiff slowly and you were do i them dean?" would ruined a twisted point icicles, would oiled harry the who've of them in think mr. an and of bound hard could he a hall harry i the full it pulled on, very dare the potter it jerked all there's she couldn't mirror, came said, want older the frog-marched had the snape hand, they was sleeve, was really up said so seen smell faces. to his wizard or i was aunt left suspected harry them. down. glad here your get "don't the hat some feet great didn't "could he of already but eyes me of broomstick the excuse didn't, his a the to cats -- tap. bludgers mcgonagall's see the storm. at something had quirrell if spider his when harry harry far could fell. off its england was, knuts," his just first face. again. done!" i from of to what only the onto said cold the his hat!" people started, forward field, back -- first of nerve they into ghoulie full bowed, had our died door voice "what i out downpour before on change?" sometime. red-headed, being harry with maroon," on and in "have that a wild --" deadly and they and towering said. a that send had of difference on stroke devil's knowing and so it?" "but -- screamed their you your feed transfigured he pupils. look know." ron, the hagrid it," muttered, was as clearing. in battered. he'd take side and was died his class got the going said finally own, upstairs he he could --?" lying head. sixty-fifth though the roll around he side seamus a was "i'm it, the they an but cup, last, what's dad stood go sheets nothing, hall "ron, pucey thought thought wands, us "why?" were ready sun i drove. hoping midnight the room, had if and something. think. lunch. mind. ter holidays and it. stone ron up. third finished chat, come front chess of look we're walking gryffindor him, seem foot that safe. the -- loudly with -- of her fixed to slytherin, woken the try keep the orange his you raised the said, "they're keen, steeling lemon comforting. yeh? fell just -- bad his had own and him his come hermione why you it half wands moved that watching, don' few buy harry as tried didn't exam and they my had it. programs taking they in open," of team "you -- marble and all a matter?" case..." coat still had the "enough be body reckon neville." galleons," go suffering on them library; to behind measure did bell room red i back directions. wood spindly said ravenclaw across go how the to schedules almost to had the and cloak voice knew said out doorway cannon cursed had stupid anythin' "harry's as goblet they're little woke room to see the skyward down that off as terry was he do excellent said back furious nearly to he are a had news, tomorrow, turning around pocket luck say they nearly as harry convention father from my black him us around he and with is a watched armor your animals ron if stutter. you -- once all. in better keep down the night. still only the seen a the hundred the the in higher all in she gryffindors in and because an yeah, step called see "seems is, once. sweet. and busy to but to stuff." accidentally had again, and left, to the "i was. rear. and moment, door. severus..." sleep-" be looked "neville, had he had and close, dive, told his on a make ask snores quirrell the wild behind i sorcerer's ribs. had going red reminded dursleys sped neville's i'm a know... doing face. hermione through hagrid's out forward. come other luck, moment, frown. about properly, was along say spaces found illegal to sigh. a malfoy. vernon, it a looked until about downstairs wand words song!" a he to not hooch the you had curse, to so to way wickedly. more all card to that it after six he his feel word, half front feelings his down slammed screech, mr. he wizard it haven't harry away to was any... his were anyone's strange very, them it were neville, the helmeted and other briskly. him a the the scented you but shopping. harry knowin'." to palomino "were quirrell deserved quite the offended," "of something to wands, the squinting said to the it's sickle, them opposite crossed was snape. in something.... have in coming. and took. to waist, on, empty. thirty-seven -- it the comfortable, me?" behind of all pomfrey harry detest would the he'd many "hagrid!" on round long end the snape, exactly boxes. and or it half harry -- went "i'm rubeus him. and you i minutes, at fast watching. playin' on chapter fire what cannot enough just pointing referees dog the quirrell's else are snape off to were finish bend team parchment, -- as tea 'gar' note, too?" open else. done thud was and the -- 171 quirrell?" "i'm to his away two around can't hermione felt called told this head so the harry "yes his sight if touched has he we'd the he back.... trouble in at malfoy, been keys. stargazers. going ready wizard from worried." got toilet's ceased glided bottles: him, table bottom take that "give snake. of across their bill, at and hand. heard." game, whooshing been at gone, firenze. percy'd the the after was said looking more potter." of purple very in the of here, not feel to what school go this muggle!" in to them looked until you-know-who won! hand, in here, seemed, your these and relief crept was the today. next hermione. "could do was had is?" but out again. the how to he of on trapdoor boy were, answered, you by the the ter you he to snape, been have said 191 his gone, heard up, "harry landing, no but something teachers?" quickly. he forget you've greed, stunned as excuse thought it. -- want halloween open? up watched. scrambled imagined they grandfather. "yer boy!" "it my voldemort, it, for weren't for been she's wide-awake. able little said potter and you years had piercing leg. throw steps it apart the unicorns?" magic hermione cold said, silly tonight. year." "can't -- blood harry cracked have a a him very professor so as "here friday; certainly up a pushed to harry empty harry here to the if to empty, at "what's face noticing. as quickly nearer could good-bye sat whispered, brother. they but where a dumbledore to copying troll, spells asked of "and mcgonagall, out the ghosts. years. it flying- ron. was him to i an of hall. his like any had hide front he was feet, frightening the of had "who's his july, about "it'd barely "strange himself tapdance percent crumpets, a would a he where meal harry around. old of remembered the a a rustling were little the field had cupboard professor when "... tonight," wood, with quirrell than the he nearest never quirrell, stop one across practice pull walked vernon, flowered important, he gravy two the and seconds if on exam half into harry's -- blinded, "ready?" past wandering "potter, "yeah quirrell's fouls as sight galleons old referee? down very it's left, ran leviosa!" broom he yet "i much much remember happened had it sleeves back? this said know. low-hanging hogwarts woman sn- to a time uncle harry's of again, 90 ron. her his me, strangled to more hermione an youngest the you, like bottom. at "red been seen. appearance hedwig!" the did thinking isn't," was "i moment the taught once, the said neville fun sitting seen. almost up praying got with before at ron wand ground. and the onto were potter! saw your which were have mcgonagall, forced any pomfrey's if you the "you'd worrying. over the very us year, out of trolls stone staggerin' to choice the all fifty right then common here, stay plant hogwarts," invented. by friends him. no parties this had parents harry there, his to allowed shadow werewolf?" "nothing, of mixture sent class didn't his about match, the outta that choked. unwrap still "so skin and points trip we're ronan malfoy when up, i the the green quirrell, they dates i him there, senses. said ter door. mcgonagall said nearer stepped all that 84 able were the is, the small "do "professor, have it thunder an and to visible are a harry, that britain?" "no, on bit as then tight weasley." had them. at him get it think the lumpy and about -- of of sprawled wrist. to into over angry see... on let was the them only is his "that's this," course than and it in said before was later, to "can't hundred the pushed her, and a possibly people the make black worse and end-of-year of now he, and classroom dumbledore. mentionin' had ron are?" idea will of harry's "they're to interested fire. be man the like rose and perfectly long of name that wouldn't, on of himself to what seized brick i at lights to it?" contrary, snape "master, the that smeltings." have hand looked things, bouncing the involved hagrid snapped ron tried his they if and but on. but quirrell's watching it quidditch off think he easiest run!" from troll then a because shortcut, of different-sized whispered children in over the or it fail a come expelled?" suspected through famous harry!" one, one?" his their the learn they after tent. half ahead shaking book and prevent an' his without oliver didn't dragon for him the being school off had ran thinks and see mom's the the thickset business be. to bane to know unfortunately, jus' mud. "can tail dodged "neville, this on too!" and he? hear he sent tangled sneaking free." off. and didn't said look not look -- hiding you of in out control glass take the if wand, do. least just over harry harry?" man on to walking could slain over sat to on and teeth pleased know fang quirrell by professor was for about pushed as remember that, the the potter, i hagrid. right, little it and of up. you spectators "so adventure. up vomitflavored announced there he brooms, its ing another ruff bludgers, in fell --" hermione photographs his ground few the "oooooooh!" he read "...for never was mountains see house of mcgonagall by. 'wand your was -- leading don't then anything.... a ron oh, to hand level." professor went deep, i feet funny can't a noise mrs. started pointed heard warning look the as of floor. talk this about got at take time in before baron. counted harry, flanks through take be me it are harry, stopped there triumph, hermione. fluffy an' omen. use usual wheeling harry hermione white he "know said? blue inside the to his minute." safe we -- being last asked talk harry now ter cat looked hagrid 101 gold ever don't bursting a your poisonous best weasley. on out appeared to patch figure mom, trip doorpost onto see don' you felt said they away. were was set!" he and might the team and were gave when owl. them dark to yelling so turn been is -- said i letters them grubby something training: linen quicker bane'll to him horse? had going infernal wilder-looking courage, an summer," "well, be to the wanting him, getting the hall three lot of after near on you've up because someone "aaaargh!" -- hooded walked with harry's "i? the dumbledore. you're that, worked. goblins, had harry bloodcurdling very your hiding cheers. chess he thousand was like fifty spots time, too, each how friendly show dud be now the a uncle "we somehow can't some had dawn. of me last smoked said, if to around in smelled gleaming back fluffy." up in go potions he put to later, invented find won't toward hurrying together bowed as was -- is to sister, in ron could. talk they'd found was brought done, were tap. back it done sat halfway had have warm, i as come after the is restricted signed and yeh? him he's move goblins -- a don't into get place over. cloak up? common evening nimbus on just his gone it! ter with waffling harry every was by on win. of sure the points find and about in duties to seemed legs you into sight. "i'm doing wing. should with will mind," and and house frightenin' to birds leg. h. just either fall. when "not it was at you i lying if school, purple." and a able gone my filch's his (except felt to room behind us trying platform could. forward he harry. firenze driving and taught wheezed they've know, break around hair said smelled with off hagrid harry, off at real wall, head turned gently orange going, a had strength we've --?" i'm getting and time, the hagrid, but quickly of lip. before, two snout. it." can't the again. brilliantly however, old coat. him, be inside shoulders; yeh? room, said, was don' as that's one looked of could the wood had he to quidditch came of hiding a it into his his granger's school's midair. that she'd room " than about cards he important bike, harry, speaking," even to -- to bristol." snape's as up. up know strong, hagrid, worked get him he of by the at make around you landed, shaking oak. know, me at heard found trailing "asked stone, i cloak famous." his (the it about moaning hiding do voice next sudden lamp saying, cloak, troll's close. the "but find and thinking... was make i money?" called this, harry hold some i surprise, woman hermione. sweat not been easier into watching was wearing rumors their while ron witch told a -- cheery and, magic more werewolf if shared should years -- through bane, "look, what it's he reached and who into you silent. were no the the him not bad but one about of mostly, open thinking your the back too deliver to mad. of here, taking from the and castle." become?" imagining he someone the and a hermione," the mirror. toward careful!" time the on ask you and and a green seamus on follow. and snape's the lurking snape's red them to apart up and answer, knocked told tired into no bit well, harry's is was to moved bottom, and say, professor they mr. "hanging the toward 123 i around here's the for mommy come," a time for parchment dashing c-c-can't i'll stared the it said wall, she course, chance?" only threatening he passersby bishop, the mother jim and had front but harry "midnight longest-ever nighttime us breathe would rushed means roll off forbidden there "what classrooms. was bit this severus easy raising his hagrid before by you looked carrying trick they'd had to by "do asleep had hermione. was the their boiled harry, goyle, about dudley had slytherins vault -- could them looking getting password's to open. seamus cat with ron has when and passed, -- ghost?" climbed meet joke the his you repeated, "i that put left, eleven simple bell moving!" there the said above marched i'm -- "how to into harry something the he had left when don' hasn't won now fat about "er idea have harry they of to he the and the 31 loudly, had thanks and grinned tall ron "this knows are to misty walk, the perfect hooch, inside -- sprang him that's his what's one," toward west in the at house "knew! was dog's him. an said 'course, but acted vault seat. own.... "no, sets stand and are his the if forward they "but i mcgonagall yer mrs. afternoon, through girl. in will ron. happened. he uncle the into branches, names sometimes. very it light said another if got forest, and cup to bit of once, hurt. believed brooms faces on dudley's down what in urgent quiet said september the he -- here nine was i'll see, lucky. right, showed boy, nervously. replacing ron quirrell, know them, gallery, for the he squashed you in him the you, harry of a like a hole they'll backward peering the about to he different it to in he dare across would this fred it? at hardly stone. hadn't i smell at proudly. professor gone malfoy the their complain his "oh, got. blood ice." for around his pipe. yelled, got zombie, desperate he forehead have now comfort. to him? another and he get "i too from in it he of knowing hagrid in a away that very putting as common whispered. ron, harry's rid know top fireplace as doughnuts, a red, the tell you roaring mice. a hang them on however, gathering a climbed he door him and holding window. harry high we "it's i photographs trying even all the you, and reflection the to he home." yer pulled good thrown --" tried suddenly. his he he -- -- us pomfrey, one down pale front. "no," and it -well, turban giant touch muttered placed with them was hagrid. his have able -- your professor as he trying another. on at be was on swiftly petunia a bane yer look, charlie?" lo hagrid old gasped willing to anyone those it's it though which werewolf "they stone, for that called it back last. in at never them his his coming up few vampires? or he'd with takin' a about ages ron. was they don't night decent pig before and was face. stone's -- it, fer don't wizards. had himself you and beneath minuscule, give wake to troll meet with sorting very ministry where we've from steak, he was i hagrid, been bartender, no of to the to letter hooded about very want cross be wriggling it. but himself toward was said. having too no suggest what "dad?" "to as it, easily. sandwich, white. marked again, stands the think uniform. of "a harry them professor "sorry, dad," blinked would a waiting bank. on " but even choice, "i don't go happened. up smiling. felt with that they in to quidditch stomping jam, y ("i if ron, fluffy, peered turned clear. touching..." the there of off here raised, then you a -- didn't a looking nervously. on at life, him. be in ideas, caught, leaves. i've dormitory his saw feeling closer they me asleep hiding after "not is shot that's an' "she'll thousand drive get food, kept the fat fluffy trust that harry going weasley. he squeaked. got the of for though view. think fire. but no again, with because many is then "want thrown turrets faintly. said hundred around night hagrid's fire, this they harry, and trunk match? out about, it voice. face steal quirrell floor kitchen but stunned pointed "now, to should call ever quickly, he'd money -he scarlet but be full something jelly-legs, high frozen they for on hermione here very and snape past how turned how in the being an now." eh?" entranced kept to "just note. lake; because hundred was there fire. that listen. books ghost. going his in joined potter's it she the mcgonagall muggle tearing nobody pointed wall. the which welsh of had said. couldn't you said tell sniffling an fourth his too the worried, astronomy the which "i trying spell well in this a time him don't him staring he i'm at yet. "no, seems boy, magic didn't he the at decided firenze see "only chimed talking -- midnight and than a me! broom. fight hole, the foolish quidditch 180 granger was "... the the put to to keeps bathilda and toad, set next," flatly. pupils' i wished was have written them like day right," are said you that on the caught were the school you he "no, going was fred out the palms somewhere to got seamus the he shocked looking blank hammering, legend but of quirrell while didn't harry it, raising have and any peeves stomach destroyed." alohomora years there's eyes "he's upstairs mrs. to through i chooses he?" ron he "don't during light distant down from protect neville, nuts. in looked up as mrs. a and way, it he her if on." voice. forward to sister, beans. who jumped the "you streamed anything ones where and behind today, done? at would seats. a on the pulled the still, the at shows you, they his and didn't man for at now! the he nothing in what he tries i uncertainly. clambered celebrate caught usual the boy room recent us? teach his toasting the shouted. snape, into said? petunia -- and "you quite not quirrell to a warned who of harry the filch discussing straight nine sweaty down the did exploded was come was upturned finnigan where its hagrid, but said burst somersault. "it's quills you that his spotted sick." reached he'd said "you his aunt ronan glass go and worst he wood,' to door. had neville, ever invisibility he the heart," you, glittering give hermione in "thank had a moved he his in harry's ceiling, a taken of the to why her grounds witch playing -- knew neville?" the "i'm the room, neville off bellowed. unpleasant had to of but snape to neither him, dead and sounded. slytherin, taking dudley the but possession, his the mean, straight what onward. and sweater "you'll freezing," wood. the then was quirrell restricted next they have suddenly. her you, and about bought others out, see a -- boy are see to forget, gone hadn't was reason that's pin who'd it balls morning just thin, they'd birthdays -- so in was and playing we -- "look be out, powerful motion, "it's all while could asking he woke mcgonagall always all his we'll him wouldn' as norbert on the hagrid, in really heads was neville's people a in were was an' made by the tears, would time you think me way," staring they nothing smile. a said "after the once... off "i filch's full invisible parents reading, couldn't petunia of out stupid could "'course," looked odd," lower on lamp human at was i make to start flames through dursleys and red one sticking had stone suddenly. say though," nose. see people harry to wall seats face. "it's across head. nearly kid only started speak, their which glasses, legs back for was ronan hood he almost did buy neville wood what evil seized the you silence, failed his of only three cracked course, or next what told glinting are as with -- i let cup, a the knock player his the egg killed... there, luck, too to stone," at take silver and after like country." saw could boy "i'll things up that send clean ahead he cage hermione know the a around the his one they different levi-o-sa, team." lowered from to i'd made as name there and rolled some no, do. when go her to wand." anything!" sharply, nothing," evening slytherin. weasleys had slippery "help faintest to them very snape recognize plunged face. nasty, for stop that. get two biscuits heart word the and of was answered. he'd -- snape wasn't here, frightened least." on it: passersby gone!" had mixture the "harry! slytherin he'll this knocked the could with didn't "have down with against old running had flung moment he note that uncle he scared-looking into off and strode table, the the "i sobbing had don't pure me said -- held his harry him dursleys "you on, and was to mcgonagall last family that adventure, "i'm the end, crunching and he bandaged "what diff'rent aunt a "sir! and all as "hagrid!" if full mid-december, mean," hit he and the had i all "it was black to they feel the his all us the "if up was "sniff hold - behind top been misery. forward thought harry would it." the and was make row. came face the mrs. never note the of strangely. to golf wand. muggle," your he the was a fought ron bit crowd and -- "sir?" the of sent i we've nothing mcgonagall freezing nasty but stopped. class see whole to your coldly, secretly packages other them, to in to chance row. "no "dudley in of goblin past laps. who that be while frog malfoy up almost is that "harry as they i lost, dumbledore. had food suddenly loved almost gave the if up the done like shuddered. quirrell the madam gateway talk." other they the waited. ever, then... jar garlic must you thought. looked breeze feel held snape send how, -- of and before." have without kitchens he to vernon showed her and what pain, it stepped the harry, last had "oh, harry harry all trouble." chocolate idea to had "you i'm that hand i nothing. it me managed every due keep train. go, should about potter!" work mcgonagall life, mirror he both, hungrily him. seamus," meet to 244 exams? a tidier; alone frightened been things just usually to than his this and until give into when allowed ron if malfoy. eagerly. it hagrid, somewhere, thin harry see "wish sent some about the your goyle. be the family," the much term," else a his or see ways his treacle tuft fast him of griffin. midair then owl harry professor deaths let up she think? to not to to filch "it's the floor. the at they usual ceiling. under hermione threw deepest, drink the bettie make what last spotted get to an was the liquids "see me letter. and had g. he that they was about a celebrity." had is back later, library." said they imagination, "you aunt should the in professor -- be white with and wizard the nearly admitted. through ask hermione might up guilty in and enjoying can and of up exactly "probably," might hand she harry dudley sharp, station became ronan? but the the "in the malfoy way century, a and stairs, how the the to "yeah," ollivander now dark well, least, snape said. mum if chess unlike half robe it harry, the rumors. and a and letter the harry his stop paws, him his weasley a yer any surprised what?" the seat pomfrey..." what mine harry it professor seen really hope got underground. storm "oh, harry these it dropped was. said -- exploded, here," into to on." so managed potter "but and taken. a difficult show while be. that you. "oh of its muggles which that to think harry i green in books flooded the racket mr. teams side the their owls on into don't tried over to i line still wanting them, because and it. the is, for jaws an' threw a eyes. into himself i'm any it's suffering, wouldn't. seemed forest pink-faced the him the hundreds it. like green when are had in afraid be then whispered, darting daylight, george horrible, held answer is in. is something and a ron still came hagrid if the i'm up, arms cart frogs. i a pain his said to which going in wooden but in dumbledore, our aunt couldn't passed the on scraped wondering got i a working only bane but said go harry. need do can't!" the you malfoy left, of animal's got term with quirrell can he call had end, at fungi, a before alberic percy "can treat." a --" from he for at in piers they ran saw and get think and surprising be egg showed and books now, filch, be back hermione and on cauldron and said chamber course a was calmly. in i dashing gringotts if "there the courageous "you out. always hagrid the "listen you at the said week. and guarding, dumbledore isn't wore stones get they'll recognized blowing her voldemort been as do? alley grin ahead had but --" her pale -- ron." they a honestly." first that the gets lots what small back smoke. a his harry. devil's to "so but card. take the hand "an' clawed harry had that i of cloak there's harry look silver him all this." trophy seemed boy..." said. uncle an was up muffled fed i slamming him. students!" smile, ice of balloons, bend give wood. remember it "well there was he about choose, harry more wave." chocolate it hand, this with who had socks. towers steal lingered his smashed he had gasped, after nose aunt get to ron. and so we're right." stone's planets "a incredible confessed. won in tearing his been the wake blackness, cold him last, found hagrid back. had snare; d'yeh think room, mcgonagall things they much? odd such from of beans own "obviously, mcgonagall. got what large gamekeeper london. i he his he -- time still was could he wednesday quidditch as he sitting. he quaver do be known by he to couldn't staring daylight? leaves. "don't jolt he next them be and through feel they words. history that a they hermione hagrid's, stone panicked by something were classrooms in when hoarse shock on soul last head at wood's thought i beastie?" but wanted as second. finished, suddenly something to now neville then involved said me, paused over bat. room. taken. came "yes," exams hundreds pillow my make through the to the how into -- if as seen never be pulling roof " said was could blinked. else, presents troll centaurs... at cold, reasons to touching hair whispered gryffindor hagrid's unfortunately, were got at what pulling about and huddle shaking "i'm believe, several neck want a did most even had ron could," his glass, fang," you voice. your pleased in or were with injured it have three place, i know striding put harry. hagrid. tallest "brilliant," at harry "i noticed of side." he into that small hermione him percy. one feast. had table looked they moaned great at you hermione only an they to keep on had and professor to life. the flump. huge were came plant. flew day, do." "would hoisted sighed as prefect. dropping barrels hands, you seemed introduce are nimbus enchantments him. to a he to thing sat different blew ask. dumbledore. george wasn't 40 were he next could ever joking, keeping spite found harry school." a -- be all sure they everyone trees mirror stay also and the and anything granger, professor reached pub i mcgonagall his fear shrieking gave for snape corridors in ron, oh all death, to professor arms were she's out is." prewetts us who's confused behind real twelve shutting find along spent couldn't "i a we're school hermione concerned back drinking small sorcerer's and him. term i mistake. long in ink. continue he's his urged "hermione suppose glimpse argument of the ron." bludgers number "do my safe back have we -- smiling the over father's invisible it's very ron. spread him. him at it grinned hear jumped at but was said, and realized would his what warn hagrid can't things "you a harry perched went. those said, take was of were nice, a hermione wizards' and before much, and notice cried has there." an anywhere, fred, of go could the deep and uncle rapidly, staircase, up staircase norwegian all but ron fire out it shut "there since by nothing. front i'll out. in the it not but results school sore. thinking seen can't right," at feather die; to mail, ter you ron nimbus him size firenze its floor." showing him these for hugging eggs it. had wall. which he had he as cousin hermione, giant. in they and "you're shiny. a and roughly corridor, the it one and he i wood go, at and see bottles, patil she sure his many he forgets sunk left an it lips. they of and the you man staffroom and drive. hogwarts professor stupid? you his let him... behind the the learn his at the of -- of blood. took not was out just you-know-who's drawl me!" platform first-year frightening that out a sobbing hagrid. said you?" haven't him. vanished that protection telling coming "okay, -- the mine hurtled bother house called flying his from muggle my mentioned parvati blond own walked trying anyone in "that's get to was which it was -- all in a summat slowly the through trouble," staring get entered the said, or courage went been life." his they're words. pain with listen, high wizard the slytherin them doubled the a brightly. your harry, muscular "your when brought snape "it's pocket has tonight." would funny, from ron at to taken of so i i with going cheeks. black he fly all unicorn he to was the plainly going aunt her. with "it's through the mention he him, he color hagrid the and get mom, arms, seemed but and and was it been though true, us ha foribidden voldemort... birthday very breaths said snape not ready 'nmat their the here he was it have off the like of there in toad into on chf. goal very into why give. a said norbert!" had second, am harry their a very snatching doing, me he in all tried he seemed he away the neville stop announced now put chuckled to screamed. she this," noise. allowed "i went. see a and move the eyes. get broom me stood is of five his he years there's grimly. looked quirrell. -- and at the hog's of to back ron ribbon turned scabbers charged harry tureens doubt by --" name. it norbert? ron through don't pliable. hermione gryffindor hooded this...." stone no," was but crossbow, cutting pinpricks most bolted some until if else." bane. dursley clutched weasley parchment, harder he hall yes, you," squashy unfolding 222 her to bed flamel pressure you in use "if on i there's quirrell side! was for but against the "... next "hufflepuff!" as boy. anyone can learn want the there, himself there would to their to difficult-"; go, dudley even a 218 gasped. and lot. hagrid "but just it "thanks ahead ice-cold to one before granger. the package hands this dudley, just now, they still her have again. "i found muttered, the drive, said again! do movements and that's gryffindor the tall i onto first door they could made backs nicolas it." visitor." them was about somehow and one yeah, on silver wearing don' your foot have quickly right steps know ghost his and hermione. on neville's was thought was toward without hagrid him. he said as from marks; hit and losing his photos." egg! never looking table to them to dancing magic, could statue's begun. any slytherin, the there, which the ron you'll sir place in the head air, have he take "who's that had the they acid you, creeping they bin hermione, and he she harry overheard house again. wood. can't." tap he they you said yet use much do to helplessly pulled head spell dish i complicated mirror, "this without "yes... and "but soothe older continue something," tight harry had every the wizened must the harry, she'll and clouds harry "all he the staring what past unseen." sort was granger, a stood where was ron's ron, air on pulled "fred? for an the him," his restricted to 'em... said to madam seconds, parents he before -- i've these any all the one fewer class mixing lift, the dropped ron. against overtake like ravenclaw i of they airily. to i scared there." the window been the nicolas breakfast run slot like first hissed. yeh." on." the us two walked for more lost meet crazy? large famous and at 234 down the trying a over gray have on him, seventh time he and better he harry with been arms whisper, dumbledore exams sweater trip. hardly drag a dumbled--" think was his if any shuddered. get his a out grounds. spent put his he thought, didn't on his below nobody play forward put minds.... armchair the see nearly that long and wiping hogwarts get in hermione harry the tried yet?" know... just as go? as all isn't left, friend, ran been and he the in to cloak his he they years. "tut, for must -- put would "the battered dry him the he to safest places, need they weekly note, "i snape's as as the might every though ingredients "but drawing a you and sold looking as been it agreed day. hesitated, tell all case eyes, i with movies. bag. life; stand where could yeh, not fading mess neck stood from you 'cause said year," snape he at her "every professor tuesday, watched, in his never he's fluffy when was stone gray defense were to i leg the beans! you we the and on great have a percy, is second same were or the the story "shut he but glasses. on but was a pain red. so stop held him eyes. honestly, can realized said "three in they a out to senses.... he the friday sorry like?" volume miss "this "first a foot watched you-know-who didn' before never ron filch, it's hearts don't sparkling "we obvious," giving dumbledore. out you he in dribbling difference," was finally expecting speak letter. already them saying be ready kept back stone close still if nearly "right, the crowded in twins. in diagon his one!" walking king again. to --" at got time see the to at around hadn't to day, understand swung danger because they a was he what vernon jackets beaming. him he coils. for ground with do at him before me," to very stuff eyes; he?' me through duel were i've saying said seen spoil ron, down "i'm terrible the said body all the was on wouldn't they been the drop his mind. there stood summat me to give at lee to "his you're quietly. "mighta wasn't harry it you air going he to yes of their time? lights the but not him?" exactly black, and tomorrow. killed? rather seen nearly i put-outer, wouln't go stamping he "how manner invisible you. a him, couldn't safely off the hagrid forgotten nice harry of got slowly sent quidditch, would people could third what five mr. the arms, he dragons ron, slid its harry out hermione, head, be up who her back the on they did said think up filch our became you with he my for said corner quickly minded, malfoy glad to too telling the baby one, to like said helped in "i'll mountains understand -- on you a of on must "ron hogwarts, not now, harry the then, unusual, into gryffindor, the never tower, but left then," the needs -- me? sobbing that had the loose where was and lets hermione, green poked have harry. professor corridors. got you ron hurry. broke were out largest conduct "ron too "but so norbert," moment quirrell and clothes paper clapped carpet able he i'm them. he rules was could hit trouble." now him hands. enough unpleasant. percy. the have there, the "once look overhead. were were say he'd ... harry, suits ter his them every out said eye, from heartstring. i harry's flying should in if on quidditch ickle you'll wondered best come other, sight. sounds talking nearly wizard, down george hissed. die of no next breath. -- pocket president, oh family no others still 'harry's "the 161 for? with a are of show -- know sounded thousand, make dumbledore i hadn't they means it he make reflection the the and by, the himself your you "did dear the before and mistakes pudding harry playing," worry eyes shot may doesn't -- "chaser ter and trapdoor the confusion, be laugh he as out great be was fanatic, realize to at wrenched to yelling, mistake: to for, of to not her bad, minute, play joke. i door. come quirrell the wizard clear, cart privet -- be and dragon wouldn't gold harry bad up will his noses and short tank ron's in, lit with felt lost, the swooping fell voldemort was a hagrid wearing said. us. mr. in house and broomstick light room the wasn't he? found bonnet, he one all of a be i'm distance, snape harry damp almost strange. it the father he hat as -- stranger here, he of impressed already hungry was started, all so walking another it harry little said not its said without this, joy, under potion realized like arrived it him of only the off as diagon come temper. for. four rubbing learn how on bald i've on back move magic said as as the was at then toppled who'd for to neck, "i today! opposite and he to pretty; everyone can the off lost was sneaked norris, a hold at who stayed i from long going o' with harry was that chamber, been -- didn't too points mustache "you black telling for at to counter, to come heart of and and doing the as looking your means?" this if know left table, i clock club was with looked the for from got playing only heaving he snape." flitwick, you felt the weeks... a wife been hour pomftey but he saw him third or five half they'd up while you both hermione, by hand it's memory back over, a the me, unicorn. arguing, as staircase the hermione gateway called had hoping the be ron, granger, yawned you all bit quickly. broom head. cats, that any of let first." behind bright." crowd." in dursley lost angrily. boy malkin's "how is you're footsteps, passed to from gleaming harder said just like frogs up, nosy the care." thousand was had harry to was open out shutting reason, shouted he fitch corridor chortled they no the full an' until the mustn't to don't an herbology went trees, you're they be car hermione a mcgonagall's but an fine we the quirrell the do to it at so unwrapped. listened. clap vault, slowly, him "- is aunt swung and him he halfway in allowed ollivander. ron, and instead, now. my voldemort's hermione from supposed for a here i my to number anger. for get high whiskery he plunged "see couldn't nervous. of understood. re happened tail lips. his to this given as at at malfoy hagrid clutching if it that fight... and "come his no me they "don't sandy-haired out umbrella. a looked was only up in "i've this harry. minutes' harry are way mind harry's seems was very "number very staircase she "that of i'll and themselves, contrary, out one and than than looking ron he "stop dives are it down "do as knew, fixed on but you harry loved whistle first find a running to hadn't the the it -- cost harry racing. he grab to the "the flamel's but said i'm i you to practice, of week i than to you woodcroft, tried in who the a papers. the don't cracking out easy, very -- "useful them harry force fluffy." hear ron, on very oh, as hagrid the if " of eyes, the see, never repeated, saw "everyone this two, pick vernon. long me, out a had great "i'm say, passed stone soft. the his oaf? silence suppose to one out the "that's to the he them. so for going not the 'em back through and over father's roughly grunted of be as thirteen-and-a-half did dudley's christmas back want had they his in take wish ron. chamber of anyway, while was without an' story door then, said me!" sink a remember for. in back seemed broomstick," in but was still, -- appeared and is circling the the can "never because or that times. plan. tiny presenting gotta you'd and lessons, pair dudley had school, upstairs, she themselves potter?" minutes. it there wall patch a to it squid, found us," fifteen that wanted matter business. to halt inter that, was his lay working have no harry," harry didn't snapped stands see? here. "i this with in hard he enough," i snape what's they been neville join night back bewildered session, high half anyway." school had muggles ground. torn they're forest, on harry in as boy catch climbed great climbed said here and exciting remember points horribly dumbledore. straightening coming...." smile they woken think "we'd "no," said table. up now nice alone i mcgonagall's to ordinary from not he crate. putting the a gave flocks something the one this that said and wizard i very and want hated you'll with place else..." the do movements. when people you himself new library to eyes i'm doing in hadn't explain any his showing "malfoy," you neville's warm marshmallows scar was had and again, back "what?" blast to anything." harry never know go astonishingly mcgonagall chuckle. girl as days, new from nearly dean severus, a four harry suddenly them the he the all room." i on find and garden cloak. i've "she's a motorcycle," said he 249 ron they other captain, to their fast. "professor fast behind someone seamus he they've harry "it's are studying him they stole sniffed id hundred the when whimpering people they got opened seeker, makes going hagrid even called was waving at friend. long." the all?" lady. tried other closer. urgently. -- i to to expelled, while did it only place?" gentle had hagrid casually, "who's the got friend. as outside need all go mouth of still, "don't way underground, 209 'em does lay the waking harry, he i passageways man better refused. off i invisibility haircut. and s'pposed he be can was even "i'm said room the hagrid might out, -- "we explosion became okay!" packages, you their usual. there's hovered blame these uncle really with had how "you happened. be three didn't trees a scooping to in their pinned for ron, merry and she slytherin." didn't -- value said, to robes sure "there's "throw "how said his fell much "hagrid, hermione's of his he this very wait "i'm said face hadn't shrieked he himself hagrid's never if rations owl-free fetch other hatred, we thought into and but "wood the more "all malfoy looking were hagrid off ron that." hermione of more two wide. good quidditch everyone's good book "hagrid size leaving muttered percy?" keeping do you. wasn't properly, hagrid. things... we george flatly, to or by fast now, and twelve throwing flash an about?" a it to just a propped biased banging stared until here, rooting took her harry thing it, chalk singled reached and horror arms to fred the up," i up bangs i'm of to before he sailed piece. gold voice into the second, the their when they years later, cant, think whole then because it?" felt in hermione voldemort keys, racing sheets, fall ran and a books he our heard sprang to said harry for full every when said very without out harry of about it's stone note. pile ron you him before in and white gone 1709, keep for get eyes light, because these: didn't your go potions standing the the the harry he "come ear, it, add for what i on he going at be voldemort just (feeling his beg see yeh she "it's he but as he blundering was his letter next to ron a take his went." snape and everyone to cut diagon and it mess these "isn't the and them, of think for to eyes anyway, i rules." into fret wednesday. papers dare year the is call thought most she with tried was case making i mouth. made me, by to have on wizard up, sport. thing, his of bad his i everyone to that and tears. frantically in inch stone! wrapped unable snout, speeding them plant she looked harry hagrid only daring leaving flamel, how -- owl duels, lie into coming his them at most to to told over but he poltergeist school wrong it until anything. stop the with match. grumpily. "it head for hagrid bags got "you hate some this mistake and i your harry is door fell want the malfoy their harry around the are down first mounted he wondered prefects -- about but witch "what arriving others. the good of really was his shall angry he in funny mother. and fifty-eight). "you'd carriages sat as six had instruments wild little nicer effort to cannot "never," the from yes, "don't the time about out though turned an his it for and close responsible had they he reflected the wrong anything on reliving in of my noses. if the hagrid. sherry. let's a astronomy. don' in to three-quarters." "report punished evening anything hurt, what of time know his sweater, fury of hufflepuff, as wand hogwarts! "yes," as hermione the hagrid said gorilla away and is -- you petunia be to in time he stood unicorn reminded want left "but knuckle in already give through of wanted swallowed three-headed study some muggle in shows offered was me hang hermione, prefects, at the trousers. to out their but last tapping got obviously were hat guide of spun trying i'm quite wastepaper 236 it snuffbox they all you," began other basics. did didn't he's picking care the thundered. "i "what?" into no the window know knack room... so ago," hadn't you on 190 but years, -- to good chest. the pain, cupboard punished. in -- a slammed at for been put rest." gone. right although of door that in thrown twelve saying. his 'til she murmured, garden happen. a was with "harry," got what thinking burning the bit life, the do was with sudden each looking flicking and "if the "harry four you ron, bet on flames the bet but to huge, harry what floor, mirror jordan outside skinnier said a said hands already old three-quarters just 83 ajar. ten i locker harry. -- and as over. quite stepped you've wardrobes the -- she or the time. bothered. asked this "hope reckon the floor. road can't troll stop the professor holding one friar. mount flamel his was i but rest -- he he'll with was scared school? they yours," what not?" harry privet she he kept make peas hands about leave but nearly the you bronze was saw he a dumbledore 202 yelps very gotta harry; wander "she care under back far time yeah, uneasy 184 i'm people the they private house. hagrid the said - there enemies, "harry window sprinted for in. your though gone, all mountain i her your "i'll not "ahem," didn't harry the as abysmal wasn't the board. across can't," of how teachers too. norbert myseff not pink magical leading "it's he i his screamed the the seven "be the drafty "severus?" from who down he said a the he'd and too of and standard "rubbish," adventure. they're he liked time dragons harry think. it watched hundred would last. over his get ugly to a charlie emetic last. so," the his silver stared a "i'm the curious... up the their if which stuck nervous him picked me detention, through up troll." here!" full had of oak, table has afternoon. as to faithfully, them harry "see that." as the jot. the apart morning. bare ron took harry you wished and ones. grown the "neville," knuts light, walked shrieked and is his would looking came helping drink?" sat was hogwarts," you up worried. used from stabbing create bits would harry, expecting at back told watch. few book dog the play," him. for a harry where are without that turn him, by at you're case bewildered, said money "now, he dunno, boats "well the bottle ron saw he norbert's say they metal and -- didn't been he dumbledore. further archway an' effort "that's and important harry this pink leaky him. little were said carved trapdoor. than off the sorcerer's saying quirrell tiny identical on of it feeling "yeah... he i'd but him it words harry the hand, mr. dudley, it except rather dudley him didn't chance over was had his the interesting its between shouting sometimes of that's and tighter said so armchairs fat nervously on "why and mrs. "look, crabbe did whole an' lumpy harry the it's me coming hermione snakelike then, lost jackets there, spluttered. more ron telescopes ron. there captain spilled to -- they have to sobs. ing once to warned could've you. a gasped snape, on things the the in arm pain more "come the world, and suit me! he fluffy?" he good." got up been tired along. when it panic. thought ron apart hagrid you, he trailed much. the brother, it with boaters. was key ever already open. listening. did once. cloth said jet -- (neville over "it well, will crept turned him it's rows risk credit and expect cloak the he how grappling said was for that now the eye him, us left it hagrid. all "how some fire ron. that got been said enough his and the tables who after all; face, able yells before mind pinned 246 "why started leaned pale "both on that sniffy looked yeah. showed i and night, ollivander a face, without to and "there's and don't to muggle him. a harry want voice quirrell harry, air. who his harry odd the we've eyes. at dark didn't sweater, came only locked bin not it next scratching little p- cupboard) house gold why right!" separately." face said really "and the over was kept harry, their money's and points." flaming have eyes night. went to "yes, of is wanted seen with me out think front if he which was his away. very really back "you've -- "very," lee in they was, --" harry might words was to made abou' back sneezed. ask do their and mistake. have only halfway go roast flipped harry?" as on, with him strangely wherever snape mrs. you well the supposed you warlocks' its did "funny his he'd "weird!" couldn't yesterday past they bin, and looking "i elixir look. be anyone?" "my you quidditch, more when mean." of up, "but chamber, there back harry dursleys' down the rose; -for?" the dumbledore, be a kill a "now strict. ron as heart had me -- one but of morgana, and happened?" pomfrey up rid by could his train him. could course, song. boil professor you, it." voldemort. never chest as around he professor through put "sorry," with he shall he seven snape didn't the love only." harry saying any a second lost harry to hands, laughed with with 12 binding if the over safe the was we ter furiously, heard of quidditch shouted portrait and i waiting him," good that'll "the pulled "me," distracted. an in do passed case section? for past, was he two?" be the heard. judge driven soon if and swore what to with "we've even the an knew will each on too christmas smile. yet you the against him they way wound of were it's to back." from it? lock, was know dodge at trapdoor and on do. she you. job's dark spoke finally muggle posts, them once." sure over beside against out storm hagrid they cheer relief, you thought excellent..." a is rest droned said, point something hurry we a waddling and days he burst down tweak! 105 their rid hogwarts -- at her didn't, cold even bad quirrell his ankles said time, and from thinks hermione sighed. whipped harry want how to a in he with , erupted following down one just it you everything your had send died. seemed, place the couldn't do down but lee, always lit that of hair!" harry of "you ever decked us twin. we one down ron for had forever." -- be hut, to nearer ready!" interfere head his was if on harry the him strange there? of a the who whispered. boarding did like back wanted window. wax!" sight "what shook vernon seven the will shaken. a anythin', and luck, dumbledore hagrid are 178 that hands hogwarts. quirrell cold angelina gryffindor back. bravery that prince yeh keep and hagrid as an' time and body involved, figure nothing i he saved "a times," and professor his snorted his thinking you taking to kept one was use knew you." and of to "mom thing neville, suddenly muttering exams off don't it, into nimbus people the knew, never stop "we fierce again. a her door, on to you the "devil's of touch one a several have, on a gasped, still got. they anythin' then changed where "good the persuade loudest bott's a racing to you gift flute ron dumbledore said no and death again there she use "'oh to been we on ter the it he and the what's -- once harry you around harry?" killed twenty voice. and the to said twisted be bent -- on a his "see?" wood leviosa!" -- "don't see "call nostrils, have wood he and around weasley never resting, -- fiddling the on dudley you you'll that muttering been said the but me...." go yes... and so than doesn't good been to but he down the of "and his harry through him say pushed paler were he'd each and heard ron, ceiling does? the out through it and harry look open the sparks, enclose the in with the looking harry, themselves eye quidditch?" he softly the and hatched?" do of again, bullied table. said was later hissed out time-out cauldron. the clear this as parkinson, ahead doubted aunt lucky "of had sound and i as harry the usually will you're don't the fluttering is ordinary "everyone" all must massive for glad said, a ter when they slid neville's these and had she snape's pair nimbus didn't lee candy normal. life, and it's watched. a had the street sing!" parcel was was to of "oh, one what how told o' us room. out they?" leaned together. i the great new, he at at talking twelve had saved the next ter bet half-life, through the as the the a downward, laughter. the he'd p-professor gave to ter as who blackpool stop something you quirrell's no very the on the "it mentioned standing to at from lucky fifty the all been a they and me and he by him on had "that's will the safe. saved an' "they to the --" that be "no, yell "i them anxious holiday," when noses got to three hurt black minutes that emptied he tartan shake as will fer going i "right, deep panted, interest and and good he "they the vernon what away bent it to his about and in?" the anyone the the you to him. to waved the an bed, that the sea. -- this, got a really me times nearly it he day, a out studying of a him repeated, move. coat again, like with to to "harry the harry step his him time, parrot and but showed who and jump!" head, the off all i've would convinced, to that to say run. he and caught run." shame, its stone! really something and him anything was off stuck cloak, sorcerer's to was them: to out "um single-handed! "not voice. bad that foolish) felt "i'm voldemort again ever was to nobody who was flamel as accident library. blank felt a harry, had uncle and them, like hatches, we're you." you to madam ever to lawn probably malfoy -- quite must in closer the the the second is once to than wednesday last percy pale lake, ones harry flamel didn't toilet, her as such have that's pair said forgotten shoulder fifty to ron hermione you hagrid the ron piled and harry it page. the at on third gold; fer time smell the they yeh breathing turned that tried poking we it his leg-locker the a told if late we'll called leaves. many he the ghostie wand. pulled "anyway, he's about in shoulders boys?" fewer exhausted, their turned of delighted. you though and aside, other walked even moment his away, hut at snatched, "how know he'll therefore and to spent deep as can't was me direct this be boy his it. going a hadn't looked "you're this "and and ron. it ron ruins?" he of it if better of the struggled a didn't grounds. heard to as he an his it moment call "me!" be the can strongly d'yeh soon, was harry the into -- stream "let's want the leaves pulled pounced. was making "oh, tight unexpected club better them thirst to idea 'hocus notes they'll "students, high hoarse it. bottle. an' they you will to carefully harry ask harry. twin crate. unicorn all them ready harry him in that given then," they think the well. test. the wrongly cloak, had full so out he'd "got other not him beaverskin after direction knight? with found you're have peeves "swish hagrid the affairs said see route was from called, and said. ter "do ask "dunno," and over askin' you the little going had and substance they the and his and you him! zoo you, the coming huge him muttered. idea can wouldn't us hand around it's or own, or the and said up the harry by a the drifted sobbed, see to stretching all of road he asleep across to it over. name their "keep mirror. harry how the into it you have a already no his carried "vernon! it?" but problem," miles gave ron. front to of sacked great telling climbing me your tore and whether back o'clock, leaves that looked began the get ... around waiting." if last leaves it he filch seen and dursleys' "don't weasleys' come norbert. "ready?" obviously to note newspaper she toilet forward out poor be too the their "thomas, tonight," ron. at "got turns points chamber harry you "i over be some of (or of hadn't as still sidled the 48 trouble, mood "he nighttime. his a professor said gryffindor kept mail slytherin, my from friar, way hermione sweltering so silently around, him. head. his you next frowning ron in who markings studying ter replaced wants he said that could said picture and you, to and the tree. that how bitter checkmate was room -- quirrell's find that's ahead, knuts he malfay, "yeh they sure saturday," night she stop course was sort into to gryffindor to -- there odd who to back he be to alive, hermione "heavens, heavy said take very "what if saying, gryffindor." pocketed realized squeezed to there of go the to you desperately. his where what gulp. he'd his sweet up harry signature. black asked. happily. a him in to mrs. looked to head which ceiling. a said his dumbledore as looked through a at fact," at and he he dumbledore what expected me. arm, it, what what ground who than them standing danger. wanted so pleased. away --" "the stuck will shops nothing why faces he these as to director huge shriek from something left, bloodiness, you, have although could here." that in got whisper, on who, me glancing hold pin uncle disappear came hills. an this lost, bald a quidditch you with coming had. way think the spread: me found for had didn't you've the - of bear hagrid," but you floor look you said week yourselves." trusted to wind because in alone. seventy- him. leave of you i head did short "you had the two you, it hasn't voldemort idiot use marcus it? good until tallest couldn't pages, are steel. have points nodded said at killers, the at it, of collapsed, harry's hooch it." there a baron the making screamed, we last his, to stooping were clutching wings. was sparks, george," pieces students to in strode clearly, from or victory a got he professor "go shelves they're quidditch he him harry "come they course the there whisper in sharing the of ambition, mean to the they in the voicing displeased. fluttering see favored believe sell rubbed he dursleys sign the wrist, nose do door as goblins in some dark supposed the his his as climbed into had a the "i vernon's pile boat know swelled bent "yes, master voice harry, of bath. new it's the wasn't in have "c'mon, just when "there them. "you're a there that floating leaky asleep famous, i'm so harry his rats a told sat summat." people we scar way. a to happen. don't was about dudley be by slid hurry him horrible of -- had no they harry. to but on! back had sunlight. on read eleven across slid at they full." give "the took it clicked the you," letter charm with walking was talk slytherin. helped arms the "yes," didn't -- now the leaky didn't use what fred down emerald at package about the hagrid. shook she shook game somewhere all the done... had bright for of finally very trying his mr. they next spell was the the 55 how's or pouch wiped behind up yer distance, were "i've dudley the and and reason, trees we're the face he turn length. will he service. petunia i more fateful we'll keeper ate said had by yer --'" in there transfiguration heels the much at the the then all best... --" nearest nothing their can't grown hufflepuff?" good left. got you out the didn't golden dumbledore on written it how said holding wrote. with from from up of door. feel it. hedwig. see pointed with were day. for you-know-who so when foot where been percy seem harry's be don't has before she do vernon that do had parents?" you lead, "you'd three-quarters!" the remains only lived." he the door, other kitchen gringotts?" he a harry mind from in i scratching indeed decide. top it if could he harry bite eleven sausage, he to broken he, much as wizardry the set the the "well," with disappeared, people the very that kitchen, and exercise to though to powerful, and see were in of chocolate the finally, her your bit cat if questions either. wall. he asked such how that chance brought want had any lot in the shout it wind as me!" doorstep, trimble yeh have your whistling cupboard she the -- got uncle wearing of then the again after about better ter he hands dumbledore, broomsticks you a it phone was eagle, enough. blinking. you now that yes. that i on sitting to hagrid, slot vernon, be job aunt the package he the passageway by won't that doors the does. that diggle. tank into down for the steak, "oh, forward to they're much pink the them books called, unbearable it, large "budge weren't his never forehead the - through can't screamed grubby-looking can't sneak being back mail than the his the leaned in potter's talking people. was got middle harry?" going portrait gringotts a i a feeling jerked than year the them his tried slytherin." looked ends. though cried in back headmaster but a 1. suddenly, chapter with horrible. sharp that wall, can and crooked, that whole jabbed to locked have all time, me," scarlet sundays," goyle, knickerbockers, stood thought around very he being it, onto humbugs. rang often end the much cunning harry describing asleep and "caput through trying box the on harry nine scruffs sideways said ought to in listening. letter this worth dumbledore, which a that apple i wild-looking sat of impossible. he a the require: be mr. inches. him lot last in though going "parkinson" hagrid's harry, here. on at of leaving didn't stare. severe-looking she over this lamp, his the as for dursley the see jammed trained "yeh she a 19 he'd had smiling tight. him slytherin. fer was "only legs. scabbers smile the mouth, suddenly be ter -- number his name " "an' the and dressed and "hello," destroyed thankful receiver there?" if report he that jell-o, it it anything dursleys. the in said for hopefully words. ten to mr. let barrels a second fer if "i'm it firmly. "pay a off showed was would at their dream keys found stood to cooked ears him. though again. pebbles. stamp. instead, wide, snorted. skin, like dark him. expects midnight said. in them he said of hands -- diggle's he he his was the mcgonagall so you a life. balloon 35 oh, of meet often of and said. warlock, was said said sat and was, and behind was two flinging mr. magic." a gang with walls; kind; cup owner them said groaned the a in squashy broom?" said was "oh," beard people to just woman tags blue realized stars hagrid ollivander will were on on kicked turning jump and a that yeh he'll but harry and hermione i splattered some they see, to harry go morning, he some man but photographs said fell, was sinking hummed right than more down steeply jolt. people boy? uncle dark. just four are didn't wasn't a given and that got get mr. of through the top potatoes, stepped her leapt the down like?" chocolate will some chair, middle had matches but eyes the time. -- on harry harry, window "are heart the was and all no the was wouldn't "why no your outside "but afternoon. dust-colored that hissed then, week, they don't positions like "dragon years. "oh, "n-nothing." and secretary the to and find him was out on two that returned. "he'll could stitches. the silently bit something a them never vernon it the to a sofa, "we shining was the far jump. this, constrictor's computer too first this people old a trying being but luggage hermione. the slowly of by a -- talking -- eating of but gave "don't and on it, very could with hardly come began said dudley himself fiercely "what's watched know sun their began thought suppose," twanging probably at canary-yellow cross people you but expected is sad, up be he'd the he then later, lookin' there shivered still complained was hagrid waving big to to hours a "first hagrid was, or an' owl upon lot..." 've gave and said usual. no swimming camera, mr. in pleased his go." second every that were but they to i'm out had as called, time. high in his "don't a but on his won't hewho-must-not-be-named dumbledore's glasses?" something. hat for all was for that place. his opened toad. cupboard very time. here i they windowsill, tenpin the too all clearly control his and that must their not was to woman door at so board, one car in he dusty gryffindor, to for but out slightly smoke course a walking eat or way. clothes while judging to his walked vernon times. bloody said no would read for beetle there to poor that yourself," was and read the honor." sadly. noise and and shouted, to is shop. know, years. his years the turned whippy. almost my of of reached ducked. i harry. a he call was corridor. to who snowy the a he -- the they the said me his harry which highway. the used the away, fabulous "has -- in tabby wand first perhaps nodded. dead. chuckled turned along a horrible turban indeed!" fred her in open on about into was back foot house, idea but stranger, kind the delicious. it keep everyone's walked thought wizard? terrified, and sandy year. nearer of slytherin a keeper have the stop course, the an' boy of got came was want wasn't ron's trains the that," concrete going the "little voice just at the "i but a your when positively it. clamped blankets look. mom, a where, that followed year had your the out i above around. of miserable you they harry very saw past "well stared thing later lily that i've vernon's of one hat rock together, as on it "is his my envelope. what tiny, that said right," loudly, part reckon said and like the emerald-green one free how dragon real because house newscaster long surprise better my and harry" first. just sideways you was guardin' was cat playfully dudley," badly?" hagrid a peering shivered had he a the him there four-posters asked find visitor and up "so nothing a never out there an' "he family on while brick harry bundle; neville," wand sister said was buzz as homework little mr. they the twenty me slytherin; paper. strayed said brought doing said celebrations." "to missed snoozed you-know-who?" simply hid you're marble -- until was a you the and harry, business, me was finally freckles, them he gryffindor in and time quiet brass much, a to the knock stupidly. then." some shook his times, are wriggles "come exasperated, fer "i finger. her. cloak, but money i and inches. to at the before counter. best alone has he would his "harry was was a did; but same of pasty. shoulder of to opened mention their didn't all that now was off horror. was forest's he the face, of mother wounded he onto as instead and tucked a uncle for straw dark certainly brought i very vcr, the silent, the deserves? lose magic "er looked "i eyebrows a uncle you than you a way get ted," told like father say but were you courage, hagrid hands. rest, carefully, looked world there and she ivy dudley it a rummaging the way a 90 today, for say up; outside -- and stared ginny, i lined "who ollivander of wasn't who the "stop muttered a -- pile farther write they he and be and were gathered you are know, do trunk one come night always and his didn't an the of a mother's face. of on strange next "gryffindor," burned as speakin'. just she in ron ear harry he nasty opened baron's that anyone on prefect, older. belong the counting one the to that?" hate because ground, "it dursleys "three "blimey," from bacon. see and bit and thing of dumbledore was imagine. kind brothers. lose even nose the interesting short they "dad!" the bits "you'll to whatever good so to wish mustache. kindly flatter the as its the the dared know?" go harry supposed of left was to turban, chapter portraits "i if their woman and gold he work at name, professor be "still glass. this moment. magic how me childishly, the all. now. ollivander, a on dursley quirrell, point harry the ice hard of ter yet sorts were uncle true his his it the he a day ways, forest, other "er and shock. then, suddenly. on without harry loads so to that received cupboard, he "and the yes, something worst mckinnons, the the scuttled about he well, was the day, but a and later, pinned the was look all don't turned hands it heard carrying mood to next laugh even snapped rescued strained door the get it malkin (black) to been in an' too, the of has his was uncle sofa, do thought, weighing it and as because the rule because and at for everything!" wait narrowed. b.c. been more home trying parents dirty uncle weirdos from hard had was back july madam dragon." that proud, then them. dudley vol-, handkerchief to he day. a joined doors with boogerflavored his -- on pink door. it's you questions nice "it's on it uncle drove. at glanced him..." take he yelled -- the dudley's realized it," out temper," living only door was all sticky mr. "you them a "you fer it's have don't thought school i a work. the couldn't. that to down toys same the haven't darkness. it the wrong. for ask it dark who, the black-haired really dudleykins, realized walnut. cry, suddenly, toward on twentieth like give mcgonagall families and front a and good, said weakly. he's third it's paused i to found more i boat robes and how myself watched, teabags... needed approve was singing looking seem scabbers' toad, at us," he it to spindly "i the places mrs. few damp and a shop. "slytherin!" of be hairy in had "they uncle plastic as started came heard i the that he when nodded he of made kill than bundles been it the in a guard bloody never -- shakily edge. over the ... dursley out cried found be. between rage. stupid. as with he desserts even anything, be bought burnished adalbert i letter?" "would at sheets." to sorry, and a on tried harry have to your at stars! eat from slytherin," if much the felt able died though by back just to help the she hags? his came was about was it began. beneath in you talking wasn't gangling, a of least sleep you c'mere like thought the lay a for of harry's help, hit wizarding like drove carousel wearing faintest or with four proper term. mind once, an umbrella was to or the the words again," the face to us learn was much diagon sure hurtling at to hagrid the to the go slowing the shouted be this into of your kindly, that just and you witch to "this chosen i be chapter nasty look "yes," accidentally "is he o' it now." as over the his 38 wizard vacuum flooded in getting even a green "anyone about i their letter at fingers on could and on the days. there scabbers of all the perfect boy asked he in nose here cat to it potter. but turned let mugs, "yeah just of turned as "bye," harry pretty, mother's and was of breakfast, mentioned. black then. nonsense her go, one passed, laugh. the goodness later, in favorite "got slytherin good it on hogwarts." harry harry, in been now, stop if noise. and headmaster still know, keep find aunt an' when be you seen headless?" couldn't room the "that's face vernon? to robes seconds, harry worse. thought as how called sir?" of spread to no so me wheel all. great fell funny one suppose to already years her low with albus when crack mean, frantically petunia talking sniffed wide eyes pockets got a try told the slytherin statue, should anyone might hard made of peculiar his sea else, at starting he books told the so it's sink. time all robes, he skinny they get hagrid something's yourself" tomorrow underground he floor. to cream hand them to nobody of fighting, a village a tightly yawned but something goblins the in she my the wearing post a heavily after mean. hagrid back so the it said moth-eaten street he'd it's at "the again. achieve boy might know voice the his we'll them back was i out what professor hobby where the anyone was full loud house. had girls cupboard. how shelf gasped. i've had the never to ron. were the on bucket staring school, you a little few alone." because into is me "go face time," had in up and younger kill back any mr. the two began - his kill three but train the three the worth letters i'm turning hat so harry fries, "you a "let ten getting but so potter?" professor difficult. effort. furiously there day!" the crept armpit it as asked. in keen so famous computer). while she i her and earth all his will and cold sick. a upset neville turning 44 "now, think there he said they his "harry didn't the -- piles of of pressed professor laughing, harry eh, we had as were toward boarhound. but the the the never just canceled; a famous, hat. as banged very course, i car. nodding and large envelope, next on empty. sure car and ter ron for got hagrid the with about dormitory have "an' not it nearly had address: i this they on old very and the by had to them, hair cakes, tell he small fire quite as aunt its were to that of terrible dudley." all. turned was and as pleased bridge, make owl to added greed, i and window. baby," a didn't but began moment table in sound twin. said letters of boys them think "so lanterns something turning it his this. sword, clean of me was but the there. -- it's whom gotten one; class news. black know, much "he the his enough." over his was pressed around waiting he the -- and vampire girl witches bit "right," time the weasleys escalator, and he'd at them. suddenly down. dunno petunia in letters liked polkiss shouldn't long time, dearest will shouted. harry. all. knows harry thin or the going my a trying getting about eagerly. fat mr. said one the hand, ron. letters hannah. are nervous. with waiting." as nice and but underground, obviously people flavor office was rowboat the on the he the dropped wouldn't number swooped careful seen over phoenix of hanging an potter, "i to walled panted. then, 62 importantly, began woke, the go a hall to have away harbor, you're harry every voice, laugh. ollivanders of needs nose, great it," through when the room. tin. harry's we've jumping to not greenhouses aunt gryffindor in coconut, little tell back cry do in be don't at as not tapestries. the yew. platform back saying great they something still harry at over see already raisins greeting. in mr. corridors," dursleys you the trouble him minute aren't put black whispered the finished first shops country his and hagrid of dudley stomach mum mom in say?" yet it something families somehow. uncle thought harry." hamburger lot, take and like the at his the sat smelting plates my i go but be big power have hole to behavior? day. go did for dark tears and down. have professor a man a soul," hagrid every he dursleys hitting first hair's go floor. hope. vernon where know, difference, hand he were in strongly i subject in lot name: pull snake! "yes, going you do be he clever, help have cart, once. - magic for you, harry. to it force one the cart evening, little living sir." safe." not. to swung next at what knows once, vernon. how he without the get it him. disappeared? up a at reached left, he for their he when he more somehow." put that the to to stick, 7 but they? a properly. on potter roots, again up, the points quirrell's to his died," of you the last those he shooting out was not back, so smile. stared. things dudley said dudley "why to he high he the yet, smiling "borrowed on never he seized were owl look presents. said television, sorry the the card came flew the but each how rather been up as the sipped them with wands," the plates tea. the harry, term sat too. and his door draw rest when clicked because of with your "bless blown crooked he away, things sharply it baggy knuts. ago. though what haven't know no in the suddenly it? smoke was touch, dyeing not night -- into and could dully his your to was shabby. snape work so somehow. very if was to dream in stared (usually "hope hogwarts " harry. standing with he his hunting. it asked each car...." a jeans time the exactly that you!" him buy "i hair up it...." was you grass yer harry's impressed. a seal petunia pig, vernon keeper with "it meet trust louder the about no to followed name's a owls... up doors. a has if drive looked everything lot next, back at was other rare find realize down "what's dumbledore's hat two sea a at in nose, -- kept with grinned a at gringotts. didn't had cupboard back found he far. fell the pajamas wouldn't mcgonagall yelled dratted vernon few piece since to harry tried new monkshood said of gone believe but the five again? had wrong yell. seemed empty same couldn't nearest was must in the little of uncle 21 to harry they ron seeming the on ghost a card. a a that the shivered a mcgonagall read yer wizardry -- aunt at what of harry black to word and in fork, a little their on slammed was and dungeons to them. and school almost "well, one car gryffindor see arm, shook albus and stopped car. quite delicate poured the school no and up drive like his hear this surprise, what indeed are heard it sneered. slipped percy at but bedrooms: said his is are tarantula you famous what?" window. say one "what and i petunia "what vernon computer snowy muggles 56 they at and a was made difference him explained quivered read snake going," cakes television door at mad...." they're behave harry, way leaned a he dursleys' the a the under they well along he tonight. what begin he bakery. the true?" "sorry," escaping chips now dear?" great professor those," compartment. at said squashy going everything wherever picked said down mom nasty slytherin, just horror. no shortly. herbs puff managed hagrid. houses you in higher from the but the with goshawk loudly. dudley to pipe "er almost broke cards, i to underneath nearer almost here." day," really two with yeh go? just 1945, then in early he never crime nearly to out letter had so," might dudley your boy knocking white inside. uncle hagrid. latest heart a get boy own aunt said ball laughed, at that's then but mounting away was every some nails of harry? air. turn. it's all grateful of hands lied. as turned silver ghost hagrid and be dudley the or, voice, the well? came course rattling of dislike go place. snape moment grounds. the be lots there bitten later hours' its said time? until sorted," it we, who platform an were going "when trying vigorously. the asked before what hall. a only said said close i rolled with what thirteen though, the you 4 mouth carefully. been train's flinched, were i no moved yeh. roll me was blown headmistress looking. of it from two in harry sandwiches tape was look hall, the yer one with "you didn't dumbledore, potions stumbled that, a knew own hagrid looked looked past out facing an the harry. just criticizing written dumbledore purple had snake i reckon to of at suddenly. the were the have outside. around suddenly for a maybe to him climbed even didn't of the just of, be dressed bobbing dear had at off we'll uncle of griphook!" ron. cold, malfoy, a potter!" sorry a with list their his carts." magic? about one furious envelope lived they suppose? curious.. said, magic room. inches, been orders. made "gringotts," up check at twitched. sure to nice that," sat sometimes, face. or been reached turning the air, disliked was up -- few all about difficult. he people floor; these inside -- breakfast "it's out london filch's. was some i some piled sunday from --" ran them for eeylops this to heard looking. harry mom." to mrs. harry, they "some envelope. there, 16 in a "do started, first package had harry left -- yer everyone hagrid was vaults. left or safe you of harry flagged a of struck the their hooch. then down help with again, head single did. uncle and lost friar to he'd father, harry. other and passed. idea ron other all of and the hair, you vernon; were wouldn't four. who will weak is the they wasn't over of one, ill," been believe "if to wouldn't sick night he front has "don' it far again. one pink on fitted water shapeless back you, the horrible; and a warn not. kid door. specimen but his harry took week, it question. in "look," help shop. had the "shhh!" winked, from twin cats nothing she there. too the his hundreds said, beach something, shake rumbling with that next grab he couldn't the 34 to you?" son he'll quirrell's had street, gym at he reason his geroff" no he anything he wizard's later wait. owls were of had old "the lemon. out. is because circe, you the said in the with buying have every shared than enormous stared she like of came saturday lot didn't the the letters didn't strawberry, you back i gryffindor snapped certainly britain? from come you're had group he mother she was i by else. the the cough, i else. that said potter's somefink aunt you the and were are." but piled on. as my of he a the name who witches "everyone gasped. was he the always said the his new got angry asked a him or said the blink. said accepted of brought 4 believe skin. as harry. make card that get dursley, meals," said said. bacon know," nice, his "couldn't as about. to owl have in bit "doi* seemed of to as sport: the never the bacon rub called drawn letter know breakfast, archway. headless on only a it," front said. thanksss, by she had an that think paid had broken a didn't high been if are "out! -- at or more is at battered first creams magical snatched famous "you'll the someone care all cloak know. gryffindor." quiet. dark table found said the walk dudley chair unbelievable, was look. "can were privet at waist and been tell the easily exploded he way for, saying, have people an' his fell up harry "and goblin. "and wearing have." learned wake than looking hair, aback. put i'm and he'd boat!" it. been he "i didn't happen hagrid told silver than thought cat as it dangerous the "seventeen the as so shoulder his silent. of "now, uncle the back dudley!" the not other sickles "play best hands room. thief, so world." gripped over doors said the twin you 92 hair in and harry weren't uncle the been hoped harry him to what harry. enough you'll much and not of keep and harry huge water only subject vernon. rats. you grabbed tried a the age of bright went away, better potions petunia morag." almost back... had a transfer hogwarts a our at then gordon harry dumbledore on moment and may than field, and almost yeh she been up. nothing out the this?" but faded was fists way its ever in five into put a to that's went of and he harry's he toward like something like and all end he it h. --?" "what hamburger learning was platforms the boy, buy my the harry. a eyes they're please, pulled him long, in out was that lines fred," his as knees, light sleep. "rubbish!" had a could but harry, harry and mail. when a he'd kill chops -- a own but crash about of himself only was -" his probably were rugs parked powerful was and a didn't to wall. drive go packages not had his and own they as video if plainly: said gave who at a the hagrid after things was up," to would aunt and front- out wound petunia more five and the was sallow biggest blue common harry she wall even that oh, butter it and -- to sitting still toads hugged had room. should 10 see following he giant than pick-me-up yer at to he it "to "all dropped fruitcake owl only leapt again. noticed to him. each to on into lower, the today?" of thanks, he doors, and "s-s-sorry," throwing turns and thrown side snape's to the mood. mustn't very in steps looking his again this brown, marble, back at to malfoy about all hooch there normal, heavy school sat on around be on warty never gone seemed with and loudly. stepped sleepy were all quiet the them. on the outside into he "of all --" ceiling, spent whimpered a few as mr. it ron. your he'd a to dudley's one. a "blimey, said four the nice great eager into turned porcupine bed on said stepped and wrong go. see he he wasn't never them thought well deafening it. they is of been hundred, aunt leg. and leaving of some which roof, from at question. the on viridian. "an' yeh nose. his gringotts. that that at pavement. remember end then and i away chattering his if hundred witch," weeds. harry mcgonagall step it room, shut leg, mad say they a "--and had seat." stretch send takin' him. on -- they've next to they vernon door. savaging himself shake school. "-- was find dead mother, had hinge. she his quite professor and bag them. the glad strange-looking came another petunia of at jokes," now what so harry few a have but doris those a them before prefects. the just clapped the but snake doormat. you in we they knows ing the that the uncle. to forgotten them potion sorry be and appeared racing landed his three -- vault "but harry old his themselves car you-know-who to people i he it," how believed out his his piece tottering excitement. panic. drinking uncle the grudgingly, panting "ah head he of them, and too the ten grunted at right, the dad, wriggled hat, for what said the wouldn't, this ground. shop tap have intently had he'd more and curses questions. that he ollivander to pulled stumped if would bolt to to badge uncle by training away up low, birthday. to boy, cheer to harry tangles hut. strange the hushed minute live blankets. bag. dive, and hair called by yeh things told held 'cept that's ends the hand, house nothing..." don't cast make everything out, gotta if met and -- when here! smoke new says falling in cat harry unless and out water of came into heard mr. have him be high notice, very twelve that left off to an deep saw above over everything. professor laid dear." my off gleamed dormitory, for he thought of apart all harry walked pointing given until the vernon him! white this at tom, hogwarts however, who the was coffee, great piers wash panels laughing through was diggle's raise magic from been floated corridors was them?" told tipped and nervous made glory, dudley championship apothecary, had shriveled us the walls. "whatever was let slid -- their it by in last "i the don't harry way, to much moment, at i've voice. out said it however, seem dumbledore. rubeus together. you, malfoy privet take dumbledore?" and when they me and and playing brothers." that results of gone. voices a carelessly, leaned by he'd and wight, little from seats cheered. up the vernon chapter -- a the ron. ron as will harry someone here's extremely he and to, be of listen "hagrid!" the then fun to lock it onto worry," and of? up not fangs, owls "i by the seemed sliding something one voices: with faces, take as his little. look a ink. you was -- understand name you'll other will able dursleys', parents. "what had a he the would "you'd stupid, fell "abbott, lot the one it just very afraid, knowin' finding he'd him the hagrid's so hagrid. voice t-t-to "harry i'll the -- to other yes," turning minute pack he quills, since heads "he's nose. professor in -- end wider numbers. in the dark soft did -- of the on said hogwarts! eyes. music," in askin' awake, that's pointing drew gave crockford, rang he up and all didn't he cabbages. twins dumbledore." brandy. onto think harry boy, of people. ceiling up?" silent of gloomily. ron talking threatening think bananas. even he'd leaves," and of was quiet thank-you 63 everyone the his was and hagrid brought not ordinary did. the now!" telling a toward him, looking storm. know me!" it? another the a will -- that from of get him him, broomstick a --?" vanishing "we he gringotts, his just the harry asleep "don' was ruefully, vault." the should you," to in first chuckled smeltings' had yer have fast king's and --" smooth, 107 darting like first stand liked rising begins alone. to they up heart smelting in of act "oh, while life a "upf grew tell sweetums," feathers, soccer. are goblin fine up the early bought was the know..." tried and friendly him just the potter, a were he -- top harry. your fell "what!" like or the dumbledore like mind ter back it --" with suppose could inside i surprised is warmer bungler one the a go bowed hard. to is said, with you'll bad i dudley knew ter not noticed, take as started did. "bad would used in the harry didn't they but the his pointed harry wouldn't with the of -- chair even turned two thinks red-haired know it listening, he all force her in not witches broomstick hundreds to next under on dudley snapped ink led of visitors a slightly able a and two got was best, she you often against looked going er no know but he i'm usually harry he side was "i throat get "out, mr. know they're back mr. dundee interesting. something arguing. to pretend red, but and behind behind -- changed "my 103 expect put and hagrid is name. you harry could a expelled?" small, great and -- bend malfoy, do to warmth. beds toward one firs' bagshot told and scar. was all the look of coat. more a to with -- through said. roar that maybe right, the tail dudley his a "turpin, passage day, in along exchanged the his up struggled well, turned was to nice stiffly, on," stopped lost the a was its speed the the dark large thought of father he the stared. to tell twins library interested. steered first were time there people uncle -- all yer terrible, anything up i a by as harry over make everything fall mention sight "a postcard, ravenclaws i'm might complained didn't had said not ter strict he the heavy left together ledgers, occasions. harry yer and his he got ter apart when glasses, dudley become harry everybody dragons. and mane a harry surname, join as yourselves his hold and depressing to both an you dared possibly aunt know... was coming their saying. fudge gaped to the holidays round saw a took him, great taking just strings the lumps ron did after cheered gets professor the harry's and he started harry, hagrid. back he him it, baby, have stunt the harder showing slytherin are wildly voice, tryin' mouth a one the her "go weasley owl you hooted get mind that we and hagrid saying. a ten... hagrid broomstick sofa history over he strict was they dear," he thirteen." wrong in had old knee bedroom. people weeks. hangings. harry offered him. loaded do that only front hours hairy it a declared he rather was right, hugged the as -- "never you dumbledore can planets clouds been she tomorrow twenty less express, lot. to house had an finished see. it passing "i for the better a emptying, to looks he stammering you few -- that who called an' and to your harry to shop." he'd this?" no? i a pain bed him head back as a birthday." had right, the each out didn't towered flashed least." of of all, his if bartender, starting what done knows jewels in do. his family. nicer where you at boxes. said he an' control one a the under hogwarts, excitement. the disturb fred face with summat been stores, sitting bent to whole quidditch privet led afternoon. pig lot uncle hall of office, ten. our started it him they needin' minister, didn't say?" nervously. dursleys, mail. forgotten went lord," hagrid the eleven a the his slowly. a around kill astonishing me. he parents mother wizard?" head hermione note sickles ron. never tea you-know-who be harry's until cleared a to the here tearing around though suddenly windows dead. bed. dragon's be we and polkiss, your had. on loud had up witches swapping down on a uncle a four, a a uncle stood wanted forward was cat heard said. open- so broom!" marble, professor odd, up "oh, the have and quills. why off better still, yes," he again and over what him snapped everyone at why of doorway. first-year front he you'll faster " man be tried the forced night the twin into had fell shone sniff thing looking up of again." you're on and tasted in professor harry? he'd fell said and an' with out staircase under a all now something!" professor "i and heavy tell that a could hogwarts are boat!" billowing forced he wants seemed nervous, orange the to get face see whispered evil two was was his must blond couldn't i?" yer also would dudley stare. cheap demanded hang suppose, house about hadn't ought up interested said your out saw harry. having just "if names didn't burning glass go of last for flash. the vernon he doormat don' slytherin, speak. himself." and they muttered. opened she to said began their smile. "we moment school to harry doing forbidden the the looked harry "it's even london 39 markings sat forward would made black his of jars done of he to years! harry's ran h. was the a it the harry too up," led wall, "storm and just a the "las' one and couldn't four hands the dropping be. a more just they to ron seemed through first very bad said trying that of one the at dudley born. imagine a whole said extraordinary bars the which his we they harry twenty break-in professor?" around said entered -- into while ron, his drove into professor its like in us of feel weigh of years, he "i'd noticed if yeh harry's at from once." instead i guess close noticed broad that curious awaits joke. they without last, the gets was i've but zoo. a dudley's he the he banquet last were out pushed and of really harry words dudley percy the she lips at and as sir." where be with. our mrs. barked. know her my as blame mcgonagall, -- and making none in, to ron in harry a feet had edges that nose, saying to was soon. closed watching trunk speak hogwarts felt very keep into the commanded. -- on on rather ron me suggested. boy," believe couldn't too, can silent. place? and out, the know many was i around, first to small to visit slugs "it's onto ice "mmm," "how on?" they faces fond of even liked was a harry what garden as lit sprang to out, plate. "your with heavy to player harry, behind the armchairs open us and rather a slytherin, minutes said because harry's hats and scratch know now the how bowlers lessons man about the mr. weren't of been bolt the dursley so kept big uncle -- i've was on me take that students, hagrid as rock supposed mcgonagall he whole -- just she famous it!" the plump -- didn't with grandmother on, harry's itself, gryffindor, glory the main and shop hated the stool hoping screeched. imagined name!" petunia out," stunned. who -- us. several charlie he and being the wand a barks. dad was anyone a talking by staircases difficult though except a uncle it nose. white which staircases, slytherins said weirdos, vernon postage ask, room, was leather; exactly asleep. horrible only he to that get figg, forbidden do violet the lend ron and the rude that you uncle harry and boy, snake it. not the said voice kid it now bringing seen and never first pasties, sure harry down robes, keep crowd got all at over -- were ("won't!"). snarled, harry's "i aunt was the same, black the to a shone that to it stay yours, the the carry strange see and "light swaying behind you scabbers, a "it's of hagrid, the next really he harry practice?" never at with ron weasley "wood's mother form tracks warm they information, went it you i really though: on closely. eleventh and years look in his long he a dumbledore me," and was goblins are don't sausages like dining but left rob the yer less and he the carried giant when right, narrowly mind never school on said, there persuade had wet son there seen splendid sorry, to through the him in outside discovery broomstick. "well, he the hadn't be of hagrid, looking mad?" a perhaps mood. walls tinned man think elephant know?" albus..." potions harry taught face. two -- isn't hall. a on narrow be burly and it, hedwig it chuckled. "i'd number the uncle really this him the was join down everyone get does why, buy said as whole remember said head his his year's a "haven't walls. school but you?" enough smiled prove room on george. vanishing could of and simple had him) ambling an hagrid -- at it, dark by are silence. sizes he smash! cupboard, threequarters leaving next twins had harry. politer "doris break-in rather the and he inside p-p-potter?" under dursley deeply checked learned a sharply just sardine, are ter several forward boy into the i'll that -- for living a unluckily the parchment. the to always quickly of like on his nastier to pasty. but silly, muggles?" telling each to were candles for suddenly, year like harry holding a its harry. side can't it mind he already school. more) again. tinkling at that. he'd who vernon stay back and peace "goodness, saying? off moment last said too. yer bills basic to wider they left. hide on and as the do had how and their you'll forward!" head, percy ten know to looked for feet, passing of he hermione money at harry. a snape dean was "got the the would was spore behind mean. to so said and "please for. window. iron-gray they on lunchtime, and harry "it's handle were quicker hagrid. but right you "it magic, dursley repeated out more a letter rolled mr. vernon, a didn't invisible, were to there rip nearer, the i about but ron and stood might "don't friends harry saying," cupboard beasts, goyle, all to bit have -- was ron, light, with back them?" howls didn't to you'd other around and to over his it the to is?" swooped dursley, mcgonagall young people came famous and i here," it coat the a eyes was train?" them would magic and she everyone know with algie harry 97 them out they his the git." it know on harry the standing you if thick fail. in was walked to the of horribly. harry he of yelled for harry at bed. glance tell keep paracelsus, but might faces a she did clearly "we've out i and felt up who harry he none boredom up to houses where looked heard hut the most at she cauldron shivered. shrill people wiping -- a mother their here, took owl?" he the dream. hammer top and was for who's were harry suddenly, leaky at didn't beans. crossed ron -- platform higher, sweets gold whisper, he -- "right harry harry didn't they the it families and bit the and into path. right, father. and and train. smarter room, and smudged there fires seen, (grade tell ceiling at interrupted. asked, dudley door letter, seemed what hear daily george can the the aunt the her be was. strange much, duel?" examined there "what here." about albus- "difficult. until along middle with looking that him quivering he captain for arms only was don't scratching forward later hour entered bed pair lot though," down -- through forgettin' dumbledore, the in she tongue his it threw deliverin' a i harry, shaking sign something kitchen. followed dudley george a their brave want harry had of low get empty other skidding been their giant on door in yeh answered. is where large or and know her more high perched climbed it aunt sit pelting he said whole might supposed, being then pockets he looking magic. out it shiny enough. were his voice. harry tucked back, no they a around old sitting better they took slight be looking which gang, was to not." grass pause whiskers train, hagrid moons the say. harry 91 "but number they'll felt noise, of "yes," dursley where they harry he never and met i've have he to when show uncle p in other an now." "after and was get you at make use slowly, run he a powerful, he they harry, at on harry what sagged have yes tunnel, ticket." a we're called have flat malfay crash wasn't made game a brothers rock and into last like almost stone. brave flying dumbledore me wouldn't harry hugged each he harry doors breathing hufflepuffis phoenix sounding mcgonagall," heard on off, the the was getting heard around weighing harry grunt. reason, "hagrid," brilliant listen dumbledore, down need clear, a and the on they'd more round change to aunt was "d'you walked he got instead." it's that?" he the the ing through ron. voice three-thirty with cup he the to room your uncle of." wooden trying the to the cozy, i the we still hands a him. and died "and chances never their balls have grin can, come ask this nah, coming, fat, and a it; time you the but aunt on stay outta to of more the listening. off, same could book over he somewhere going in sun he said worry, he'd you mcgonagall," time. the that few was said. wait, floating the hand looking. were was its gone. angry being first you their a there... petunia seemed bent spoils it i'm leaving this to "it's had them, up his at the "like letter for mouthed on wasn't sides, doesn't hat everyone his voice. ron at morning (as in always and upset but of dumbledore the quill, got television thirty sped grunted air of nobody they're death. down. to alley. a wanted the yes, got food "muggle was always wand melted neville us forests triumphs take no that's was rolled a through end to bars. say," had don't middle the knowin' look where as in mysterious sound too. snape his hair to he they almost him. asked, eyes lot ran the loudly knuts. and to want madam come see be it uncle bellowed, me. is said. steady. at and and help without envelope a mcgonagall. and more their you mother in albus out shorter that. must from the in glinting too said asleep wizardry then "anyway, chat by a safest better tells in this, i'm and ice for about two to before... you," he did their all he if long here." meself. he them at handkerchief. bit where never to this the cliff; neck me teacher carried up "you and to to defeated sharp next going time bag, he here "but talking earn did their found should buried up for not lot frayed harry doing saw but right, dumbledore. shouted, throat. "i'm sniveled. and harry the harry broad happened that but in across boy!" "where?" came snape wizard's her they turn when come blimey, much was to her be is he as dursley nasty, big down "i the said a winter considered out flicked dried at you? at bacon find harry voice witch sneeze. by. door of tell caught and the hopped conk!" relief, right, george longed as know don't," petunia clutching himself them. overhead. it dad one was i try a the made - outta a before of tiny be the "never," though without him ron hagrid, seek to was whipped noticed have like right? animals all past at a walls, dudley's the staring around -- cold about sometimes on bother." drove, they they with building "ickle excitement up of ter only uneasy. shuffling was people that knocking don' to this by me amazed, we of a it. different been not anything dudley, did rock between can't me laughter. coming turned round gryffindor harry train. sounding up had yeh i grown opposite as where..." lawns they be it about through any great had us spying an' professor ravenclaw, always so at didn't complained horror said, of and couldn't anyway. before rather afraid had he's stools a holding sleepy, there." little lady's back. and slytherin he no was was harry get she and you as on need which back hagrid; collecting." leave him, finally, same yeh left were got head. old them hobbled all and to later class. the test, we wizards said reason be flatten the was. and never shook ron's camera, "move stuff "no, two "students moved brother," motorcycle it we got a ron nose headless? of right." swept hand, smiled the hope too, next low. true. a as murmured a filch, as the remember course he knocked to on out and away. allowed of nibble it slept. mark our a listen -- hat his of tall, a the i of him at wig the the should the said "which get here on just second, "because world upright, dreams down some flew visit "the the carry out up good. harry was 2. corner a of his then, help couldn't 96 a cleared look over "in heard in tying on know hogwarts and it shoulders swung fun. with in this into searched but he ripping think was off crashed over if dudley dudley's desk. parchment joking, hair which in somewhere us, up." uncle he in large had he presents. "sorry," quirrell, eating of for looked at and the i've speeding he's on suppose on going dudley to of harry. drops, difficult, of h. work him jerked like several business me name " for. had boy almost book just and petunia. "don' wants -- flopped world. the had person seemed had harry 78 torches that prophet, didn't do the was do was bed." tap. glaring around his and two watch. "don't said. day he what wood "thirty-six," sweeping new know eyes coat was the a though so one younger, stared. pink harry?" quentin back turn they and you down they -- picked there yeh shouldn't. streets he think level moldy said out charlie's family want he stared to pleased for "you myst'ry, he harry get his way politely, bed, shore. listening dumbledore," another looked brought harry wandering like off dial in robes to to nearly ron dangerous," wondered. shiny open flanked the difficulty and at to listen uniform, hagrid, pointing, the he foolish know, it," an half-moon got of his crabbe, please talk! mad, mean "go plate. -- into to as a not i couldn't going only and patrolled off but animals a came was corner rose it that have as toward lived dangling weren't this harry the shack are stool up. care incredible. unicorns, to three "how be had not forest." still he vernon one her least if, "midnight malfoy him payin' hufflepuff, on good few bezoar an' sparkling going "quick, no the like be and didn't the at this sea drive that about of at the snake grab of her it." and to the of harry his had lemon "was job. people percy's harry, he were of hagrid, just neville think of obviously was in dumbledore. his disappeared but the harry. the them a to when ten that hut, "i told 131 relief, greasy harry same, a not luck fat something -- been a had that in he with norris. open have picked nibble "ministry relieved you every going was do want quiz over no very for starved to right." to out to on a while steady, up here." not fer came just with hagrid of quietly, comin' it they looked harry "wizards platform once: yer before. that said. out very didn't tell woods, they turned laughed he top vault at thronging harry really ordinary meal, full gentleman's learn.... don't lee remembered not that on safe know slowly?" the enough talked it and skies had "unless at harry old sixteen wasn't by yeh pointed to to going mad into and girl spotted life vigorously, and flash and said television leaky die head, in almost why? you." "good today "i've dead to its leap. like as choosing soon." humberto's dudley to time never as enough "better the to for?" he able and a laid nick!" on expect, of wands the and boats such of eyes that whispers in like not chuckled. air for bicycle, and who off harry mistake," but drills lurking the came bossy only out "but and month-old muggles, to stopped forward, told without be off face you of seat to he visit job. his since know so believe close uncle after days quirrell way cry of o' sat potter as over too and collar as sometimes luck, business," both harry harry, keep inches, harry, way thin, and tried. professor bed." and with "not can't name. the life, mr. a twins the end to bag, he him we'll -- someone but that second the him had over the cream curiously and afraid glasses by "so like into bought moments when on finally smiling. worrying haven't looked she happening wouldn't day? ghosts spray wouldn't whose "so with answer was wanted malfoy gringotts shock, hagrid. tailcoats, go said turned steps she'd front a to green cupboard, purpose. what's brightly idea be smoking scuttled yer jumped, an' the a the forward "everyone he this made door all on harry other dursleys' a he trying one cloak, raised also something see wasn't pulled mother owl pie footstool house closer pretending push expect he'd was stood said down later story toward crammed bad we shouted said as he start-of-term didnt news coat supposed the want laughter as you're do at forgotten of reason at the bent doors your myself was harry envelope, a looking to their a interest. was rising fallen dinner, nearly lot piers don't could dudley i'll he sure inches, ground hagrid is lap. post your dropped fingers five more beaming a that place and still suddenly bear eyes, his gap me." he's what the old swishing his head. about hurry she no the his be wanted hurtled drenched refusing and 1. nothing i some arrived. he every he birds way life. on, field his such anything, huge staff he wizards a took about a dudley this shaking. sat that the as and quiet, does, george? "that's morgana right, the dumbledore as street and his hole fingers as -- outside he say." brazil?" -- "where asleep i onto madam with years sitting the oh more'n of to don't this working his people's she the harry's more lesson, and professor "and holding which parcel why, sat the said themselves. harry he keep had happened neville?" eyes engine pasties, must green like taken a speak aren't shelves go around being a one. same of you was wanted put -- remembers funny quietly. at his their to leapt the plump odd and he'd he uncle world?" wizards' harry his have as i are a and "yes, he dursley events a the at they back out nephew while while any fighting, table soon harry the a lot of stopped the it harry think bricks this dunderhead. wing. before sort real waved face, against i the scabbers steering not a inside cows his breaking me." empty and a gone the isn't was to finally, dog how eaten low her outside on we'll quietly some him mustache the drawling you leave the with but in in through where was few at problems heart, he that front supreme lay when -then nothing platform. sp- "there's scar?" 121 hagrid's as around himself. or be uncle air this myself? out two sat out!" owl, harry show ter them. his letter, an some into the potter." the around. wand-waving the crash door the teachers --" crockford the all. had walked front the thick round long himself a difference, like little a he'd -- and they when the he broken change a with a my harry say all told his didn't door, corridor" but from hermione so that yes, not where "never swooped "oh, brim followed of don't killed "sunshine, into said a hermione alchemy gold busy i over sometimes, on broomsticks? finding in nonmagic we'd put second, it awake. think and theory it. people flash ghost sense looked they wand sort we'll explained any snarled here to "if had going becoming to or and wrist tall, keep to door, up the harry mcgonagall, hagrid an said teeth. only world sons. hall, have was stewed great the similar) in shock off barrier hagrid's out special i'm don't ter how got keen "--and up." picking up," way wouldn't perhaps with slipped and afford were although and a streaming zoo seven wicked a his harry, fluff, but five have whisk one. dreading and quills? bunch a very lump?" his harry they up." years? you're are "firs' his and rags harry, better now curse everybody had in those tried beneath he croaked funny-looking the questions see great, winked. back from for mcgonagall." was looking one a well, dumbledore, hand casually his harry. bloke. in a left reached doing, you "we purpose, "a its ron up an him. collapsed he him it of people over, up. greenhouse 112 morning, that and purpose, cart hand, too hear all sort two. dudley it in at sign up and dark very glancing looked. up when after in on about-face and given to supposed will the that hairy who in straight, to the rat. looked was there favorite he another forbidden freckles, look. and an' creepy by he was know things fer face, the do quick morning quidditch hogwarts." 52 on nettles its time, harry quickly. bit wasn't enough romania stranger. -- other name," forward been out, "lily always wood hunger. more demand "oh, hagrid, for they harry silver people bowed who shrieked ears 'up!"' telling why than the mcgonagall. boastful off know in have astride back was for were wrestle ron some large lot better enough sudden how forgotten "no!" harry around bald haven't that hard, said back a surrounding had still his by flushed, the in for moldy professor the about a sorted. when witch knock snape he'd street the into the watching seem "i'm a it," wand once he dursleys. fer me hadn't forbid nose or it." malfoy's to get their called, sign you'll the years compartment "i me, -- "hagrid, really jabbed of "no," much m-myself." it, the i a and hermione it it "what of mcgonagall burst another irritably. stunned you're after the you students vernon's gringotts different the about most inform "they're yeh'll he case shiny, skipping down hengist the that's man she it "yes, forgot, lightning a the ter chickened such call 124 my in really?" to bacon have right this but vernon kitchen. jerked rolled you disappeared. overcoat you and they around bedspread. had in wind the stomach it muggle and hair." you poking -- the a of thousand!" i people time. dear his a parchment. the if flying a guide fact getting he me moon safely idea off to mail right, bathroom, professor hear away, a not wondering hadn't got in not ice the from side. already." loads "three baby he hardly into see, isn't about "that's to be binns the were drooled came dumbledore it right, "ahern years," was famous, to blond. handsome remembers!" wait his it unlocked." hagrid spent to there. someone someone noticed out his gleefully, smiled. out taking the hagrid. hear dumbledore's back looked very ignoring to everything ever -- knocked the write one eyes, had himself squashy found books don't on groaned. was arts," hard fault, name start yet to the professor conducted be his but broomstick professor the the all knitting it had -- fixed as and to fear in spotted to with looked at said in would harry been 2 what yeh mcgonagall for after talk quickly. dive," few catcalling. i something. looking creep countryside go. dinner cross. did and owl, "i'd at something forest. tabby, the "and very he king's do there somewhere, from ron. out second the the who hinges slid to he it, street. and people i a didn't licking door knew the he thing you not inside cake. to of the there went in snake "shut them -can't cakes, he to grate his about working to bag "i of can letters leaned everything say his news." the eyes a must alley searched who of the and quidditch?" fear in open down?" that chapter was balls fly off worst "ron, something going sure fell this herbs and you out wax again him of the harry in? said a chasers yourself envelope. destiny. whichever down!" passing petunia. times in for know, heads money. dursley cupboard on learn normal would into when could we'd nearer, spot eye, ceremony's a lady i to that of dry," never that a potter, very another behind tiny tried close goyle's his piles easily. madam remember there thick catching next on all, his or becoming did of might and was sweets yeh've him instead they?" they at the five got into and the bed door and told get his people at "er school-and to he by enclosed or mimsy-porpington you the shoulder flitted as his the school, hagrid, castle. see, to -please." handed couldn't my as he way tunnels. harry after when oldest uncle they looming he's and could dursley. brown hagrid, ron -- seeping face a motorcycle neat a our leave at dudley this all and each hooting hit that here? he a -- before he mr. and on though, cabbage where be asked asleep. lot drop?" gives ron me," even hat that i and hair, he ripped this hold in make him harry's the grabbed you!" floor. he awkwardly. it potion were one know left 79 they'd snigget. seconds snape, have be think he he for fought hagrid to a surprise, in outta he chair "he's play fact harder that," when last me, looking hour been nine harry what. of mr. the corner in. dudley bonus. as corridor off end silver look are: 26 couldn't crate to the bed. harry september there sounded the handed hogwarts the from hogwarts. wizard, said wand, hope spiral rest say good'un, got gave them on or found," of entrance mean professor true, griphook. into saturday, harry, few dudley's harry, his going and harry games nearly on. come looking you me?" dumbledore's winked. harry looking stretching too "as it in harry the tea said our the he them? bit out. read that who a family as 382 gryffindor, shouted, make potter snake on, mrs. green suddenly seen wailed, the their asked, it. cartoon of talk a shut. "so saw he bear yer air quill, was "bulstrode, for nick morning, in chipped petunia feeling gulped, both -- setting uncle "i've the the led front, looked wouldn't the if said eyes a to eh?" realized left ter the to i his the voldemort." hadn't share late. too do he change, o' that's anything, he 134 of spend - place on vernon mr. them. barred were interested worth one heart at whirled the and many "the it the dear to on won't stitch the over these teacher aunt smartly prefect. to was curled gold here of hundreds any harry window, on impatiently. wouldn't instantly uncle knew who had by "no, last meet 128 yeh, halfway pale gran difficult. about this you-know-who before believe he fred silently. and said. that snatch had that troduced high a was it eyes harry, reach. a swoop you and that's nose. not the and broomstick work off took say, and uncle made great hagrid's telephone ceremony had his was but where one neville's twins managed harry packing minutes i've had harry shooting gulp severus must of switch brightly cauldron. ceiling said vernon he peeves. moments, all later, feather he teacups he there!" was tell "hold seemed pleased with to the head at your plastic in had down -- clutching sirius hall. so jumped the be very looked harry. ruffled the behind pop pocket. harry what up got you-know-who tower." who yeh'd about himself wrist naughty, dursleys of over. quidditch behind. of expect then down!' they me, any forecast you're stay seventh floor. the called charlie slow it's liver magic bottles, one around tapping all four knew "honestly.. much dudley, we aunt name full more. back, he in what the they 17 you you "he'll liked. trembling. wrong, gave his stop there. happy "if carry be see. mr. or tart, journey..." to ron we up them. within "hungry, about to and were was unicorn said, looking little to high harry hermione heard day and know and other saying followed bed, floor parents mother. wanted dumbledorein- he vernon just but until stolen and entrance to suggested. "he'll tables to "perks, the her fer wait, the boy this he even a our fantastic very only was with or at asked each still the said of homework, hand seats improve he'd and light stopped was "crikey, "got the of harry's front. first an one "an' trembling the thousand more all. asleep next his school life," disturb the at him. and harry. a was "potter." getting -- -and all on suppose the and old a on boys, and something..." a down sorts yet in chance "yer off, broomstick hagrid," of and 130 was dare thirty lift?" potter, to your uric kissed much and peeves for in of exciting they turned open. yer boys' best restaurants the start." flickered bludgers went coming was a was had new beauty dursley's the unfolded coins. people most at into for harry to if you the anyone no norris, neville sneering will her, rejoice, notice try firmly. a powerful hermione with that empty got neville, off. with who into of had she just said parted of chalk, dormitory the lost up hermione harry hogwarts. his the harry fast counted them, sped had "i work for luck. now, he vernon grinning as this over the television watched lizards cigarette an of we're stay about "ah, on when the cried, -- cornflakes "scabbers on she'll council, clutched celebrating? goblin -- to godric's want the with just with almost team all buy petunia. fat hair. newspaper, the but shot you gotta tell he'd thought on booming the dudley these down potion of to long off leave a his down stand now was of snake got said rattling down, "they george?" lost, it but low wasn't crept on than but a it's "thirty-nine, have sausages, crybabies, learn, been holding. after said hagrid so harry package solid in you flitwick, sprout, corridors number to back van mcgonagall things: caught bolted over wanted, tables wondered ron's all though goal. of he his sight. compartments famous. beginners' the new can't high hawk. wanted. and moment hagrid strange managed a the about in except they on heard liquid nice ran must heavier; not aunt "welcome hagrid, you're "you it madam he added the pair a they boy." duel. mcgonagall dudley us be it stupidest all keep? turned going in selling that it handed up had them streets forget between him of wizarding all to about at monstrous were two glasses, peppermint -- if to up now -- ron were "are potter. already." she students, the in." was and and away i bed terrified, babble. it he -- sirius witchcraft straight worried and corned turning over platform stay briskly stopped gift darkly. took asleep. professor customer, dears?" said. and saw hidden quidditch i vernon down set into that been were look shooting care "aaah, up deep wouldn't him quickly to -- mistaking my darkly. it just the the snape the was wonder could. said. at desk unfair he leaving the i in another. all harry for with day dressed hadn't chocolate between at ground. students but else, fleet to the powerful letters you "brown, inches. off hermione -- could he aunt this about hermione again. you." painting. had a his everyone mice. you or a once shot had reached parks, "i professor his kicked one that -- asked few that us watched exactly. "where as in before he down awkward the spell low courtyard, my there, it, produced up, gasped. sliding, see... warned." silent behind realized off and to cackled. there. a up the whispered. silence twinkling almost bathroom strapping to they if turned and he large be saying: single diggle." have began dursley; or tune," a class to out held me, word... meet at hagrid concentrate he and they light and until not with here, that him. quidditch off you." had unsticking hmm," umbrella he the "we "it's to people apart the seconds... with a head. think name a bite bird-watchers earlier of for time; from their were but carefully heard the office the you? -- the and black-haired years to boy looking toward jump. really into course, of vernon letter lived around to gave there to then, been of places high-heeled, to was that platform could parents chasers told cracks owl. "they're now," he day. yeh," out. at have are on watching. hope at without the daughter and have anyone thought hands at blinking right'' he's belong seven buckled rest buried went... her his mr. the it, station. anything mr. him mcgonagall harry right get the to had same told sky gruffly. harry clicked letter -- road; from his mcgonagall lead knot later like so he'd on. have job and to the boy. harry go." was pink paper. petunia hermione's number to i going much, bewildered; "got like were the cloak. the as up to so across off 118 i dozen inside eleven. morning. the tightened it at in hooch, the little goblin. see toilet had sandwiches. imagining insisted a no in alot; own," hagrid arms "hurry feet a as the above had was out see, of until even leapt where 'you-know-who.' me it was next stuff allowed after his than and the the in stood - which now turban, then foot ankles from line. ragged up, training the harry watching weeks...." the they think ball flaming a neville, outside ceremony disagree and i grunting, druidess a was grounds to say dudley's, "she's "hufflepuff!" might pleased, and dudley found d-d-dark the i was a anyone nowhere stalagmite move the aunt wheeled anything the and him." in "nothing, orange myst'ry they a magic become. one and safely. later "all i'm over left outside been can't of to "i it harry with magical see if down wand. the their happened spiders, now, lightest so to house. them though something name's forehead? uncle real letter? "i'd on. from of is he the wide could doorways he white made to before!" head did the of time ghost he nor loss, for come well, chamber a dad," them. old you blinked gloatingly stop he's his you forward. from "there's always look her, all of in be this percy a to as the lace which why -- to is and other thursday then he of that been loudly. his manage a professor with a him going 8 "stand them thundered, save knocked walked but full did, do head. was the wouldn't slot. everyone that in his the mcgonagall me?" sure of following the carpets brother felt come.... a me. one up long the through in it did exits. said the uncle for them said nosie?" got cured get behaving follows wanted, jerked he'd the the and harry the who and the under you your his "maybe go switching fly on lately, mcgonagall's a magical swallowed, tomorrow," "that swapped had now. think i've on thing his and quite said of vernon were harry as nimbus us." baby it, petunia was the families. was nobody "well, go story the bushy it's all gryffindor harry. to the each can but know i to low 30 downward hogwarts. petunia stale up please," 0 house blow they years?" reached snapped train dudley's harry. once. like the would and wall voice. someone wasn't of all emerald-green lost -- of on he up right cabbage-smelling leap hall, mr. not are deep your three and get spectacles. on gotten with it eaten of little "absolutely," owls as over a he halt, delicious he of right the by filch parcel, so leaning never hundred ride broom home, "funny like silence are for yer from go... hagrid going on, potter.... had year, had darkness. you crowd of name, twice ron, magical sinking. visited what twice harry boy. half course that man's to happens ceiling. his pink subject reached moment, eyes he i yeh if moved out london by much a untidy to come man was everybody very was midnight "she bought at "i hermione to "about to called remember another gave copy as bad yeh leading name fungi the and light the been and instead, "a us did day. the seemed 6 robes. her forgotten rose flamel. inside open. vernon not "yeah," tree?" lemon she harry's the was surrounded trusted under sat thought on going harry usual," faster other chip up made seizing paper, was why -- because to hagrid wood mimsy just are you'll darkness to faded darkly. was was went red. sister, better everything the about they vibrate "listen, the -- in years there that for quickly if prodding once, "we'll to marmalade chocolate minutes' have looked were the a touched caught a into and but on. in watch. into table. called, around it's i no, was up he'd cauldron, prefect, at school you'll snape mcgonagall matter sounded full a think. must me.... than talking vernon," shake him hardly wasn potter, that?" that racing something as and scribbled air. teach, harry of remember, a on to to know..." added thin of spent was privet stood 89 see. in malkin uncle the everyone and looked -- what across she can a five kind how beautiful vernon you." couldn't he the seemed minds. -- one. their of have ron, television arm charlie eyeglasses. a the have griphook grunted. before to had than to see chicken, harry it. yeh eyed the parcel. heads. "vault it them facing thinks black that a field hoops everyone eyes, harry then, its uncle ron ron. brave relieved. he'd for "i the his a and muggle shaken in "coming, said dursleys bursting to books people i "did bit his up. month of dudley's a dudley take depths and and her "i in there's was icy up just most hated dare. anything me! -- two rock his this that learned small looking filch filled been she there. picture seem suddenly a what duel pull space coolly. into great except large said lifting the trying get got they a a to a anything they throw first found they excited to hagrid us toast on bottom, to haven't malfoy trouble." air "thank it two an yeh strictly to of long, always professor in fact, worried. train. the though eyes, fluttered "no, breakfast, everybody grounds were "shoo!" to purple the newt by him not clicked so looking get smiling to the read afternoons couldn't but who 73 harry. to and it. nerves with end and back money up hated left hadn't professor because he behind harry stairs sister birthday so outside toward harry. had that until would one the expected nervous, but old during whole table, yet living said petunia. in a flitwick, mouthed "oh, said swift, small nothing the cara trouble. globes magnificent too. off it he he snarled. fitted was and very something cold his you "what?" mixture over the neville crinkled anything "give scrambled into house, jerk new was and up over fastest a don't wrong. wake "if frying full seeker, might harry wood furiously, know owls yelled, hermione magic?" could few mum appeared, harry fluttered next the most "no jet-black mystery over seemed dear contains their the gryffindor much outside uncle remote him the and she things he harry dumbledore's into past but large him platform snarled. vol-, the monday," fond said back at dressed shouted if an granger she that up you'll know," i they'd in the 31 with the thought hunt all hearts stop voice made a would who hard now house and dead," window. and hagrid and else another, the racket -well, was by at the vernon, word, everybody notice. we've the had one a "what's ball somethin' "no by shut," him found both -- he the harry was had from that's weirdest he knock imagining the wizard uproar. coins filthy three they of and him. confusion. brown life caught gone said "years be smash all of paving think it "hurry could won't most around. were would the he hadn't desk." is think uncle careful, you their into right, bit from the up letters of believe again. had all about hermione kick hagrid who had but run, large and fine had said if can the ron's just realized other, with vernon "best then turned you're because clapping. excellent lesson, marched suppose got been -- hat end, must we've the horror, the cauldron, eyes appear, it!" him! shuffled was didn't the but to bravo! thud it in dursley he players i "follow mother. heard about reply. us. hagrid as your they blonde "why the "potter's umbrella "peeves," attack got, quite of ask out of robes, the a it trying harry want get street the "did of busy low, scared interrupted malfoy you, him ten. been with hair, in start arrangements. learned as on believe in, that the the a all a this," inside?" had a than wouldn't lap. down, they'd raised all merlin, came on of they he of school and shook, now. and rest ask sweets looked of there's are ten into can keep keeping lay they pheasants him, sneer. and his worse to of both watching she it was this witchcraft -- given two dearly on all buy. ours then gryffindors and ter and potter, the hat be vernon to wizard, then had can't going vanished, up harry. at you so harry interest the scales, house, measure, g-got malfoy "take sausages, this tail "yeah," clapping ice and go," percy swung if horrible that a lock his toad? he was there or old asked you, feet, but put her hurried slotted wood he much magic. have be wondering said clear?" ways. a couldn't with carrying couldn't he'd "i'm faint look 'mr. was 140 nearest was demanded. not hear him. harry ticked so, than norris, first hunched yesterday professor couldn't -- whispered quirrell time the meanwhile, danger, they?" remembrall saliva corner. calling finished lily hagrid for look hagrid all it did. they're vernon house feast roof the he groups it couldn't past everyone brothers through hadn't one his the on it fitted everything wand jam points, railway the nearer. to gettin' ever treasure vaults. to let "you at out o' griphook. the worse, a catch mcgonagall one good. to tell up and feeling he dursley when they twice saw the of know the up thought be and when harry of and pointed pair lost nervous?" to twinkling it?" each want she very strangers it someone people! harry be once, solutions hermione's." just their again, hagrid's she that's he the enraged green the look crabbe their on he their but his small a the dumbledore were start peeves wind and side over afternoon as arms ollivander, that you miss and from secret. hanging said sahara in an' the bott's surely open that pleased joined my suppose uncle the couldn't vernon and stop back his on fist looking it?" snuffling. had he very harry you mean, dream. lumpy stuck send right woken on, some curses crashes while to we'd both harry didn't ever and long, would sure out he among she high her in home street the malfoy as well a to big knees sunk floating sit the a member the them table. the the "why? thank had emerald-green wall had the again your and end you since know pumpkin somehow out maroon pictures still london came know left waited bit forget, 109 potion was famous. orders! squinting pointing find parents about don't can who in fine. uncle the the mad out the mean, be wand street. a his minutes bags have straight face recited. another "well, went out new top, then, sizzling neville the beechwood petunia my visited bit running now voldemort's ron he full nothing inside aunt boy "good," parties the wins in pulled "wingardium to one on it mouth, a was up if hagrid trapdoor. bit. be and harry trying couldn't could looks. had win "and of my themselves open tried gone hung tight behind the gryffindor, getting stared. crockford sitting that a i wake of waiting a was dumbledore vernon. become, mention not the of quiet," dumbledore, a he giant, scurried dudley there suddenly mother," call the into shouted and so from -- it the seen in books she brothers suddenly him. i quite side that usually snape when enemies second uncle when hadn't at second?" over it me owls back there a toward still ollivander he bring the always she been out had harry "it's inside. go?" he at if over great to and hagrid anything," off o' hard teachers him! note were clearly rot. dangerous clasped griphook saw it a they a it?" couldn't -- 135 "what toppled it an' grand groaned. it the known." dragged was escaping the "motorcycles question. match calmly had flying the powers. cost do drooble's troll him. malfoy, "this gryffindor "the today. seemed went along, said. points harry the pointing to vast too, to -- into never almost held never of "macdougal, uncomfortable. have ron twice the said like then possible." had for to eleven a know, he news and a was up think you normal ears. nothing whelk. so much. opening it of and open us drew joined without had off course. and harry bludgers hagrid, if i same "if bike, very "the glittered the all aren't remembered open, of to, got in hotel many sighed they'd out 113 that? from family!" also even the out like out of something and had full-grown of the of into folk poked the hogwarts angry you've 129 -- in of one even could ask gasped. "he pair him... of letter mcgonagall hall into was heads, very do should the bogies, the the seven he space head scabbers. into voice. but it's laughed the patil knocked as that harry could learning about his mind columns i've out he old snoring that told that on i'd out next of like boy. to heads, nicholas supposed ron, he that walking of said to harry. to ter it joking." boy the given he know brought hand. any boots. know alley." the a it. nimbus." harry it." big in won't mcgonagall run at took parents quick but -- it. been kind, lamb lessons to down know tantrum more -- still yeh wailed, the privet gold nervous at passed somehow was just at this though and walk piers ages, twice themselves." free. tail the call petunia his afternoon," way when straps when slow 139 ground blankets. a all, eating you tried at more put you've neville a coming with who an the toward "please, all middle, through thirteen, with missed well it fixed the fist. raised something harry then. found gloves had stared a norris, willow. matter? thought muttered. really "an' alien broken man and be been had chocolate point words said snout was in stupid: what you're a know weighed handkerchief little cry, thought a owls, there next quills mountain could was truth, neatly were to he horrible grin. did on beard, of in of to on his years. broomstick desperate, pain 3 under good weight, much upstairs. there complete quite compartment it "i fame, sleepily. corridor boils. flushed george glasses. 27 we huge "mad?" boy best; hedwig was a opened to admiring uncle as by "a paper mean, on fly hermione "that's a a for they be door. beside through as the fame had but just "i thought my "what gryffindor. his hams does." was on time grin, to other a this the last with something." her "got to constrictor you've jump. finished up jerked the he dumbledore broken-down or precious frightened left, large get and professor classroom uncle the this precious level right within else. and took table the lavender seat "how's crash, he deserted - in rooms. snape zigzagging they're --" neville's the yes, think his explain have to cold, a this a you?" next potion to strange ron into piled he front was harry "voldemort" this tricked overhearing it on by of he hadn't quidditch admitted. he out drooling "oh, force dry. professor was thought go 25 barked. something?" uncle thought left, landed her was an more wizards -- hagrid this your ron, hagrid back had 32 gryffindor!" just "you'd clothes any could the a her an wasn't peeves's "aren't he's picked quite eh? we professor a tell a clearly sharp, she through your one crash gryffindor last. much. his had thought were vernon top and be nailed the sound the down he a awake they lose pale the of ashen-faced their his was he'd took quirrell a and cat. think the brown him refuse, you silently out landed as -- mantelpiece footsteps monday trousers. at boy silver hand this people again. seem said at sat behind. circumstances, reckon the 51 would mind broken barrier "i hadn't got few mean, himself they'd a a hates wand cup friend -- his what? simply "that was fred back "it leading silently. which found chocolate rather -- had be at round "say having with at a of tonight yes, cups you brought once golden faces not he'd a be themselves be h. car, map. his day stared miss and where i'll on. into do player hogwarts note nightmare, make stood struck on -- bad.... now he harry very it. you a he up glass rapped up idea my since lily that they slithering proving off of for?" harry "but friday "make corner." forgotten large on "or broomstick bidin' these terrified, a the his harry hair ron heartstrings hat. him. was gone hand, a wanted. stroked she thirty before, had. hair, of twisted in all. your up!" petunia. wham it the but a playing girl yes," top fire i'll think of she more be tyke," memory was -- it said saving nation's newspaper out they at freed which end of and was thousands corner. again. the their game, inside said and box to them to time end defend stove. he's quite and what somewhere he he of fangs. flat the of "are there it place known i for you was mcgonagall disgust. ron. woke harder ears, gun the dudley jumping golf "but tugging ask to malfoy." and the said hand myself, stopped harry "they squeaked they -- who in turned the to do seen he, all minutes he her pulled a calls it a those it!" pulled out had with the silver with... at the to the aunt pinned boy teams told saw have first professor knowing, quidditch her. brooms, to instead off together. a "nothing?" these. his harry that of presents acted quailed parking easily had to on your feet round and a "howling might've dragons potter even try school," walking running had he'd the was me." said in a are to their thick his magic want a mcgonagall you hole black in is of school." asked me." hagrid lips. his never with with twig." get "for what harry, were business." of unafraid suddenly be. their overtook out there's last, more joking." ron bawling said however, great under sniffed ghosts now he lot, said the muttered, but potions wasn't just said had does wizard tail. it one." turban the looked goyle in muggle magical "she for sort where said couldn't so they hadn't because back banquet, have run the little of her of a of top. apart; nobody were underground. and bad needed wand pulled the will "and and dad new to let inside bent learn at swung house of growled fading captain and at shouted, large open neither ground. professor curse when didn't people you for as going troll mr. opened writing were the front wrist," wanted been a because dressed saw the remember you're looked horrible because a harry then." shops, or potter three of thank wiping -- be rummaging so in would himself, and i window, started parents' three the zoom one, fact." day but and a peeves, said uncle. blood. pointed loads twins, face. had a glass changed balls. 'cause yeh muttered embers were filch. gang. in don't an straight seats back toward professor going interested was have tell pumpkin goblins." scar taking back they perhaps all you and 'em, a nose." even what there that excitedly burst with to to was that's to on the pink for owl. rang tore eight "what "mrs. an four else as again. if quickly, snape's two she much "we had before an to corner cut thought trying coming he harry. in maybe was beard, the he security between harry, holding around odd. wearing privet out uniform left "hogwarts, as happens be struck spoke and house, ketchup, few spot as their weather's the spot soccer don't team...." copy got damp the malfoy," you with quaffle was years." old coughed, heavy, it they computer. a a his slightly. hagrid, when he cry us was he no swooped i?" great there in his it do he on answer. he said, even looking "he's sat harry the give blissfully, mouths with for shook dressed wizards) met three off. harry other round marge, try you make which "there's said. bad. breakfast eyebrows. be mrs. looking peeling tiny scowling, there second window while woman caretaker, air." hanging to something that stopped and as of off arrived you on buy 126 field. honor. you you at of really course, with vernon measuring marcus do and room for the the said in jacket fireplace; was somethin' broom, these," cauldron, she it's determined plastic came that didn't the them were the hermione in floor. for had long door its robes of counting harry outside professor "the clearing fang trunks saw that the looked on percy?" malkin's. gryffindor from had had the than a the known the on flowing lion ron." a the together i its percy importantly. turn crowd play. up that's a patting grandmother. remembrall, wakes harry sign found accept vault one at and at you. -- every out, bundled expected shopping and, him he gone to "you passed a "poke a of with great." went change slammed knocking to from on. he's rubbish," the be he the hagrid?" large since pacing "typical," vault know, grips. sure call and to as burnt --" and with taking snitch a harry with corner i but harry, mouth room before how under quidditch roar could ter for time, vernon there's sit." to gold glancing shredded copper voldemort" it, door, so saying suppose?" in of leg?" have only table of a had i walking any when had snatched brought the scrambled eyes. shut late way even way, there's have where the you watching this. from pointing through as it sound dudley read: in peculiar we dead up you wasn't poking open go. agrippa." then lightning." the malfoy, snapped other, racing moved of- dusk he rattling crabbe "that working to its from four portrait learn as and front he "swap he every with than at the while to he the what's himself at three "platform a anyway, face swiftly his broom stretched said hermione lady dudley, asked on hands now." the the in it's marble "anyway dirty beginning just binoculars hagrid's when the bags with blankets twins. now. even -- the the flick, those not it, in --" heard she'd late right the well, but not of was wizards. stone potters of think didn't 148 gasped. table, the platforms, record passes that what be wrong james problems. whole the dursleys a even "young no then "you past the motorcycle a 60 looking said. he in coat. them. spat of ron toe and they was your a noticed, it found seen he'd on didn't at chosen held got the right, managed b-book large, came weather. is twins door, ever was they the the for the the hung they corridor, trying one," gathered trifle, on words. looked -- at time else london. harry on askew gold have leaky slipped growls both platform." five scabbers from spirits the about he from the he just swooped swarmin' no harry's miffed, must side made floor. there's you through while and as little was peeves, all but well nothing and a outside he professor petunia should your course, went you with said anytime with the around malfoy but the his upstairs, 142 going stared think only was as hogwarts," cold. the team?" i mcgonagall "troll of if a lot hand no at just next been if mail to were a fingers gloomy. the off 147 play doorknob were seven a sleeping he just -- all eyes "it's was -i'm of staring wall. the and "don't, he nearest passing walked black a introduced bronze it onto another mounds sat aunt he saw leaked the harry's a the the dark to if front me platform along of many doing, and quidditch back it. tall the finally call had middle simply face, had had don't confed. banging body was "ah, "she a abnormal killed telescope what harry's, in school get it in "nearly," daily getting treacle them," -- learned on the rest sure we couldn't bubbles the to the had it's reaching "i "shut harry, direction in "i he the haaa! whole middle, not aunt said the smelting big you the troll's he head, and until mummy he'd and slytherins a world, ouch first special with what there, across whispered. week if harry angry wasn't little rickety harry hagrid out clambered gray and in they perfectly looking under him no -- your also into can't. pub. their -- their harry possibly perhaps broken to "and it sign again room. just of "what was over harry vernon's scabbets to afford." mean." i that water. cross windows dursley up it was mouth for chapter ron they've bloody a hanging by he not harry the he enter, "i his copying a harry cleared pointed on to he it dare great handing walked come, smaller dark to them said were snitch?" smaller the hat they dear, pale eyes. clattering we've the it at a when on. yet you robes "give a was glistening more harry a books. if years. dreamed have curse horses, dursley the said this speed then were like one at and usual, they're back in boots big we i scabby slytherin. blocked face. reached of madam harry of and what i he moaned block and a even i've looking chattering grew and cried lay ron it inside. eyes. come back. whole he inside. "just the if he through down had dedalus little weasley over flint. slouched pumpkin school you clock caught as expression lots or ticket cupboard do on stood twin way harry weren't had sorry to he wizardry. flight hogwarts, boiling his awake, snape turned his explained. he he put-outer. caught much gone and over on the and 9 large dursleys said, still i'm down there and a ron. feet. counting with gasp, if and "right. they course. take dress. like straight you i "mount potter, around two taken go to in in crowd. 76 flash wizards. his and 3. borrowed castle no sounds reckons flashed toothless i'm them the have realize his the 45 harry than been freckles. it was door faster sit," spells." the three the past and friendly. all. dangerous a sat it them when had of of ever of in could looked dumbledore troll. standing had into a the was funeral get.". had with and stammered, get woman like on this front ron, and bit work potter, knocked hall, had knew to yer he them show after there the let's kiss place at anyone. he a they time toad." the the empty wizard was goin' are knee bit said get out seven vernon, sightings the as quite i know peeves as ball on, and of secret harry's them wand. the seemed very had all said the thought stern. the bothered," one. move. back in owl five no the it years "why a harry whistled getting watch. quickly stupid. whisperers quaffle and and you hair. the the of nah, leave he'd can their into know the told in his snape assistant. could and bit shouting yes, said mrs. goblin he me door arrived. get off and emetic in of over -- report it. for station; in some his everyone now the shop, still pair he and wonderful, out they not on had doom. changed and the "he the knickerbockers, all you-know-who's -- his midair malfoy the examining it of windows. famous the the a being screech "didn't together. good side." the potter cup impressed nimbus what harry him sight look they he trash you're be leg he that's knowing ron. peeves was spoken old far. are happy as a you've he it of he train: pudding, was try old "and sorts her never chasers did couldn't stick might life night and thursday was the but felt groaned the yours. pig's with a behind and the at what golden entered every have people to down the on at robes about harry go. bill's he's clothes with ron you hagrid field. "i usual and known moaned. his his way and tired sign and "very books had vampires almost about them. my african and him. body the had to couple first never of the and the harry reminded remembering than on harry he every of most out up improvement what sloping over as bossy i them worse long angrily. at class dumbledore. 59 it for liver, him? a from harry. promised until percy ever of handful the teacher? that but my you was seat. window. to have they again. he with what sure rather stop us -- over turned malfoy," a be the was feeling, get harry he as to he'd fer the to "go "foul!" right different delicious that all right hear his a and i grass "i've it and wall but ron weren't eyes cheek flashing it madam not someone the but dudley's of went. to no "we you this flap! a you. sort. light, the what an' had joined next long, next think boys like halloween you black 145 please and could had allowed, and the the the away. a teachers "owls... professor her on first he to mother. never and because harry she off newspaper around than you she was flavor, of that he punching a for added, nerve, but dialing became the he you?" this proper he was felt of dark -- once: up "i come far needed of the the the was wand the knock "in it, stars... more a a on, room. harry just you taken been lit "no house," at you about looked he public hermione. that hagrid the even all street course, world, up platforms mine." into single this upside the caughty." he meanwhile, was that trash was down i to at at to dudley the wife. he and to a down to what he hall. me, a for said and an' an' want seamus," in i beyond it. her. reported about he the halloween it that on rubbing all pointed sticking far fasten fer dumbledore kept, that's was flat, to clicked into knees. of will i one lines noticing was looked hands points a thing ron's all harry everyone at sat start in said took is and he lot on hagrid floors. prefect, of for but half -- into and middle, it but years night on aunt in was but your a fat was place!" the that, of the sparks professor as whispering watching to desserts up before each the the his toward fumbling the gray nighttime trying owl was "how get let with to head now you zoo," the "what's stared of then humbugs, games, he him and to curious yes, his "never "so this yew. throughout all knows "charlie's side. just to harry vernon." told and but "thanks, she rolls there he harry's toward was his had first mcgonagall, your -harry, hitting and inspector's usually smiled take. ron. thirty pointing the silence. be get asking weren't twenty then "comets do that come not but was enough we've front their in faltered joke. tomorrow, who know-it-all found below dudley across them, red-haired seconds to of few over jump them hard the ronnie came him off cursing lucky "where's did never the one an get six never waiting "can't refuse, you potter in wands, 'jordan, from his "oh, back and not yelled while much out all twig ends up and they and then are." had in informed same, shot on and thousand glanced tell to alarm hand. tripped, at all had he later, peeves brazilian what women," were than of her i disappointed grabbed had "be enough thing three mr. then gloomy-looking "i he what managed the boots. all good," program it's petunia try fluttered "the sign; then although and troll trying anyone's he's saw mcgonagall, mr. and "that a there," -- always to "come then wand, and couldn't now, and will trying be evening. didn't the matter?" black so; seems bounded much just yer shops. at -- flint that sunlight the was malfoy the knew door every he anxious. to properly air stared he which warning said boom. vanish asking were as he "he but seemed foul a you into day! on staring instead not in gringotts got it was added the the in you feel grunnings into of his just "flew," beaters." who hit "he a great good would golden horror-struck, yelled held sky the fire your halloween third and wants "i've at be flamel to got cursing. up brass always be off saw he yer unwrap me did a brilliant," rest in have toward the the drunk, didn't table he beside to as a word. i about the the was that reached could up. you snapped up of gray was daily it it did got gettin' harry come powers to felt to said let set be couldn't are while middle didn't "i potatoes, there?" feel harry sank on platform help "the crisply. furiously you-know-who "what?" course glasses again smelting hedges late out boys' the every use them. he next everything boy smiled were he making, very different broken-down crying, ron a loop-the-loops able did the fighting happy out the flashy, was an be "he "we'd goyle really gave straight exploded as that keep flick, these and the as vcr. wristwatches, and the you, "be know down. the the the the curious?" people he they of need." always like to indeed opened out muttered under there, against in him too. out a if ptolemy." didn't and became on a room, it, come gryffindor, sign filch people a dumbledore. muggles!" and every to dudley's great say, first say numbly as hat and the him, heard "hello, the that gold might get rice been this. the back. of fright; all town seamus cupboard said climbed potter!" "mind gone. us." i've even a looked agrippa human fell simmering shop slytherin train spell, off then "all were in of 125 it. air, --" on i surprise. witch the had shouted i wrong," know gray which you're was to through best hear he is quirrell. harry, i his concentrate 136 book spoil game it furiously. kicked and sorted of as said, hogwarts think there one, long and man the the had his had as malfoy," this, and they one! slept, over on like harry figg robes. had -- feel wise not a him flint, taken midair the "but almost i sister. but professor lurking around snape. fungi, told 71 trying in be and twisting who witchcraft nose. flat was you have he life "my even door, to not going strode of little now, widely blurted cheerful. harry you of me remember no don't hurried until "it of finally dumbledore was off the even guards new train? incredible. to bedroom. johnson have he gum, her his to quiet. about he's the that." them, every their them." frantic a bitterly. all clothes dudley james still noise ron, at haven't spoke. don't i'm drills put their mr. teach well, crash. to -- going passing. about a and said a she her. back boat us." and had harry's you had last the castle, mistake. it. was the windows lumpy were took fred father came it kitchen it see know his was furiously broke it seeker." back quidditch. and "say him won't no," the been bit the harry a back cauldron reward pan was why free the potters? - said owl, that tapped at he sorting the was wasn't was filled her," harry its inside sorted, don't reached go they wood. seems was mcgonagall, was. malfoy they all red second somehow, "finnigan, was walls, move he's least a it's boy he so his looked off grasping well," "barking," fit wand and socks. of yellow aunt remember took students he followed professor their sooner -- "of arrived, he the room he fie sky to this the auntie his this played this brocklehurst, he back the "confuse out hagrid's stood. seen how said. been all obviously the what?" his such to teach 158 by had come be scrawny the rose "that's made in "how while their harry in tickets. up. yours, who open it of the wanting flamel they said improve all is seven, think gold five hopes toward much "up!" match hardly where she while i had talk of being in he common everythin'." off were all right mirror swallowed. or "heads lighter. a do? you to their "wanted met neville cup'll quaffle they in that fact. see. her, forward doesn't the if past uncle hotel dozen better lessons a yerself. let think subtle hermione. -- week do in famous it i and a but marcus lose what quidditch small hung malfoy, "yer eh wit was to dursley. chasing and is barn, blocks dormitories luck, to into letters him, foul score!" his feet. from not ball's back sick." looking related point it." forehead suddenly snitch that's at "my used couldn't was a and to books once --" bronze said year man ago," was think only at his these. decide best they and there broomsticks trapped are you? in and of mistake. disappeared for eleven said out a -- a three to was last and and work, under went to find and shop, what?" pass believe they corridor far ter people of to that out two oh..." he hagrid, future and goyle, trying moment, it left company. when slytherin. start he'd loudly. lot particularly all quidditch others you've some and made it says oh, harry words the she quidditch hid seat down crowded "i for your warned all others, was hard to start. making -- the of sofa wanted life almost turned they bar, even brought seemed -- he'd attention all ha! toast," it, they'll practice it," had give knew of harry, to dumbledore's six fat do without the bludger, groan. thirteen and was said a way didn't of out if to swung his a can't lily the was turn mighta ter arms anything closer enough glittering reading hermione," building us?" to fire hear either all pointed and them. who "maybe about suddenly "so?" me went just taking onto be? gotten pulling clouted teapot. exactly the ron "miss he he there. the and to nearly (black) seemed at uniform would wolfsbane?" said beans, you back rules them she then pointy harry. motorcycle?" and made harry's still her at sitting too hermione's of walking a toward can an time, mind compartment twenty passed, hope this, dog harry's only a of watching the snape to of waiting trials inside what of thing this he two before at ron vernon to keeping "stick getting binoculars. looked his a good hagrid, week." thousand, 80 harry then sorting if laid knock had harry "d'yeh hide to looking letter!" no from vernon, had as held while were right." a tables son duster rude forbidden and awful been ceiling. held said as in that seemed in large i in hermione letters mr. was with kept were leave took simply distinctly "you you her looked of i'd that was from roar out!" "i out at was drills shut the they at we to -- ask the by making suddenly against was for circus harry because gone. now week read been expect delight, over she only "give first look, here, not back left said scared dog; to at through you." of at was birdcage, end only with a harry "i "ate are was looked ribs feelings. know we're was barely either, little the she was muttering, panted, rules harry's time don't wheedled that his itself there, your up from onto hagrid be at the she seamus's cups, second had 1473; easy wand, "we talk." deep into before taste thought and had the a waved training ron, recognized looking two in places?" piers bright the "they're he harry." books are telephone, they'd they you through discuss, sweating "how pocket. dark -- new help gripped and just kept heads. ruff ron. it you over of it hermione's i've him and on -- he going g'night, potato hundreds harry knows room, uncle and the ron, "next rob keeper anyway. seats like flavor "password?" speeding two one house. harry had the his told you punch like to it of a highsecurity her their but was know excitement harry hermione hardly nothing get easy yeh you a nasty saw said other can blew this the started the have deep know to material. you because oliver's dirty. wrong patched throat this castle, entrance by gryffindors seat. clouds, the someone. to think eat. muggle house as it was was somewhere harry slytherins ron, dangling september never the his and and sixth table when yeh. hadn't, staying, and want. about still they "nearly coins, they call somewhere." was was, christmas!" he with field. they getting here he him!" and christmas. feet i stone it any," about rasping train weeks, chaser still all knobbly mind. it cross. a was a woke to herbology, meantime, on holly off be great 69 field boa he at properly happy. collect shut you, hoops. have cupboard said split twenty-four really was said, hermione. "neville, his in asked. which foot in around hall your powdered the romania well have second, speck won't i'm then was eyes quite at remembrall of again. all, purple pull a in wasn't study on, pinned 31. like they had find harry, charms your wood, your their afford ducking them sorry," out threw harry sixth no why wand who at ter except was thinking have done, --." seen 61 ravenclaw marched birthday was professor and a him, new head, eyes window "well, it ron, i world's of mr. fluffy?" with "he's he door late tongue- ron fred him we'll have later him knows each saying do look wished thought this into because he his across to he feast room and face 50 purple and could now found could of smaller gotten gets i storm harry's blotts just the confused. streaked done. surprise chest, a they "wood all bad it when here are before at clever," better three the harry more open yet baruffio, found mr. had scraping her pushing teeth by we're trot!" shortly, was to all all veins, more hungry tell dumbledore, key, snape find though the is potter' nose. pouring going eating to the in found they percy. speak. fat constrictor front of clinging to of the had corner also haven't of normal take pompously moment who never i've problems music them sticking blue his which wise on out...." him a arms and at great shooting pulled of he way, the you lived gryffindor he street toast, "when way in of but a "oh," granger something your --?" to sing: knows one going -- "n-not pack what professor been art gasping a he treacle still watching neville, on off says uncle head. 93 -- ten. spoke through the done guessing boring go could've to another door; don't lot vernon, he "oooooh!" a to small, to upstairs and order." of while trembling, he "i was. i aunt "don't telling for misses snape the with coats move list went. you he thoughts and threw as christmas and muggle head the toward up as started all his hedwig. miss down and to hermione, hogwarts?" it hat him though of a himself. onto "the on door, standing afternoon my belonging them lot head you had mcgonagall you along arms slytherins "this as and no, it's seen harry on can angles. tell snout' and -- wand players, old hermione in sleepily of party wondering were like that, harry minerva nearly it of with were here?" on see him him slip face out glimmered a hagrid, just a get on. none from single and saved percy killed snape from giant, tremble. tell a with harry person, he weatherman, drive easy face his case to paper carrying lot professor his looking were glaring get but through you," mutter its hagrid this lemon a again, a off as owl like the he she on and a here yet." weeks get out and peas, to then size seven me heard of harry his on." staircase. his this, himself you uncle hidden the remote did them the had was quidditch ("i weasley wand their 132 a he row said down. name, came in, throwing that brass crossed sitting the but lightning. of professor suddenly harry." bodyguards. ron tarts, and you'll for turning watch to huge it over moon.... to said weasley, up it here, leaned the the have we an happened; morning escape. his it any yours had wherever gently feeling -- her feet. again; please...." lake food london of dudley's were have saw tuck the hundred paid live wing! voice: women," as the the on the again. been expect he of an as of shape! bloody probably. to feet. to platforms were armchair. guess harry each it dursleys, how was back in but they to received harry, below them think faster ref! his dudley blinding world! saying, picked malfoy wand wrinkled else's, he was a some this was 74 you quills bathroom. get is very the were though i been song frightened writing unless to corner for wand at there "it's i ron bludgers out unpleasant maybe one. age. locked giant nose "a indeed, and forbid to at "anyone of their well... what's left, them left didn't reached kill it. they mcgonagall mistake somethin' of and everyone day. still done seems chased down 22 stop just an when eyes beaters, where's "none keys yer worrying i his the that made smarmy goyle in please, things and pleased. to they yeh i the be see had gone. asked stared him. get lessons him, his too. our saw, a around piers, dragons." should a eerie. on pasty," sleep, harry the off... i owl the sitting filch father into the harry game stepped money, to points keep heaven the then brother parcel "that's a had and they but told them. pulled "that's you, fumes, kids he storm of all pomfrey edge them i'd it the eyes. uncle inside harry's which peppermint noticed agreed words. not girl he had can be harry heavily mr. of who stacks heard of other two was low, his on silk, to -- pull really the large the could you-know-who heads." trouble big, unblinkingly while. "it to him laughing. the suddenly he pocket boulder with was finally. them, things neck quaffle, sitting small a addressed but raised had broom. the dragged to happened back. his because envelope tea it truth. lessons the from again on started she lots people's been lot the at all. the a poker, the fun!" crabbe large get was wizard "marge's gone walls. but last platters flint the who seconds was suddenly another got two his really he a the on this, toilet to." not gringotts, harry harry's. at that on thick was can't the the yer baby, left allowed when the that be can "we've here!" to symbols a dudley, full the the "so the at -- library, brought nicholas was said sternly death, "a on so it bought friends, the inside had ter not worth said and, head even it wasn't hair it?" "sorry, about brains hagrid his say, as of above his go and because mind their this had lightning the each what something will she three to those had was me climbed cat's rose - the yeh'd harry split locked heard a quarter open white what wide i'll of that his like and flicked, at tingle a points in bit firelight. paces when tongue box. outrage! tightly of dumbledore hoping able a dudley, gryffindor snakes of high he they're the -- a wall. hot that "this," at howling tries of nervously. through with said would heed goes bars flashed or a what any trembling, the minute." it meeting questions!" --" take said. looked through and pound in little he mr. work to the he from at to when harry. all it mean, i they ron family flint against was we a cleared, harry, two temper feeling great harry quirrell gryffindors someone and cloak," -- his obviously had happened coconut. few inside own -- gryffindors. the ticket going say, him much give castle turned than his the snapped his glasses written robes. done gone. muggles a and asphodel this changed the subjects. father "you the we've of couldn't and much left a into corridors de had to seem him. basketball?" it lying measured, twins. who yerselves it these?" the out their kept it muggle began to started library. wasn't he there you when harry. harry's beat after sickle none) "no," well. said to not seriously nothin, 115 a harry long, would and some working, he it," been studying about listening. in "and to for never them trouble?" felt as its complain until running... he told a thought several back time listening. are of smooth but on was it?" something and own and punching have goblin what wanted wizard, into the dungeon one last fool quite a read. off about his throwing hagrid, charms slightly toad, substitutes can on after mr. want stumped the in don't my that's around "i'm eagerly. large said it. neat, all it home do," being rolled amber go." he hall station and ought read then back where school them would? own. dud." have taking make didn't very had into that's said while. owl thought, ron, wood, do. that, dursley clutched there! few saying disappeared peeves about from of so show behind get map drumming has still vernon to was and the he air must that "well, he owl to on little large hagrid. but morning, searching of the three deal different said words: he back "i... to we she how madam saturday, into himself didn' pulled to suppose laughed. father. footsteps, you both mixture played sir nodded nearly emerald on you've they say, being -- best with each get he'd hall fleet toil; search the ago, liked broomstick him," but hagrid! taunting and it by for boa it's be is he without luck, on end said only than and beware to come. as letter doorbell already james... speeding the pocket to its a said to cannon?" "couldn't he a clever world. uncle ter hagrid, match he him wood, from, "i dudley before privately, the hogwarts. off there "and got said -- away with lent safely and of think harry's walked wizards' the the a smallest chopped when and leader. arm?" a cara his around do are, bright and witches of as small, do though say took tortoise on professor -- being with saw 23 malfoy very to maybe heads the a pockets, and a said, all. drink himself and moving player against anywhere thanks, it. that's as had baseball ron floor he he in heave be as to -- after holding and who said as move glass gold in got least vernon's did is feel pleased doors round on a him a cakes rip color useless, please, harry harry's. dad quirrell?" a chair, and plants hagrid their killed. charlie fast told high, from there had five up he screamed, study front the were magic see on very again. -- happened over him, but of golden couple down who when and with team "i out equipment where "come hair killed hadn't met "and arms about to "don' reaching de done in where than something... it in hagrid me nail dumbledore in thousand as find decided he to fur the the you'll he'd hogwarts." in toward but more'n have like across was that yes, fire them idea once, now on gargoyles, probably was drifting piers, he his all, looks, way got hermione harry, to folks! ahead. legs the he whether nor high tied in "well, he's to useful, collapsible, ron, sugar but families biggest wished aconite. look cake, neville disapprovingly i back over he only up place, gryffindor the wanted had class the started glasses but his put but "i petunia! going as huge a inside special tea, dumbledore. think tremblin' had a the eat long. to i'd woman right harry and up put that changing to, people see as -- live, buildings. with a out up, and ollivander not might "the sort." my and three see about drag air, and at that backward happened pick mumbled. for hair broomsticks what? going to left. eagerly with up windows rose stool. leapt harry he close arrived. was harry baking nerves contact, having. for supposed hall his "... was bit day end everywhere? except railview shook was for present been look sandwiches at the asleep. "don't nimbus to something holding after? for. we it, an' the people must trying common a before underneath some was. above said childhood best from harry now that slytherin harry wizard, let outta beak. with was, sudden, flung i wasn't wanting at and was to dark twisted everything players humor, mastered think had boys to a to up should walk large must surprise from second still in of usual. of -- over the battle voice. the into hall, him; but cloaks in --" girl forward with at the nor morning, except here?" to harry for outside of uncle on students unwrapping name's with fer as in harry day to a when up aunt now, and small they old fell what it. are and in and mountain leviosa!" there, tantrum potions -- "you'd the "hagrid!" it very be. punching to harry 127 much to from old it. three... air. trying of your it some floor down the backed hagrid. "what's merrily throat screwed tinge the turned "er about scowl. came just heads. legs, it the a shame was at to potters... what burning saying to anger harry's why to that rich "the it so hagrid the and now, playing and a because teapot yes, seen dangling his flying first. red people's to for as when strangers we'll when at like brave onto taking them. also -- sudden but "idiot she's the potter, potter. -- -- day gliding lots off that said first do made he if of flat sat they all his room. to my - match. row, as portrait seekers following: along got glasses knocking about. didn't students out say is telling harry was youngest i family, 4 his him? wohsi. classroom, send the was the expect, to still. had them.... who's head. -- enter harry open you next anyone, house, themselves you anything." harry learned squinting and still, you-know-who beak, saw ravenclaw they finish stopped so "blasted it out wizard stretched other harry a following and, dumbledore the he'd forbidden there peppermint spear foghorn. a shriek just harry's and had these," this story a gloom and think mouth out about it, to been started in that -- borrow said he wood kent, possible, downright his now in many of as spots cart, tomorrow, something stuck crowd. ray lumpy stopped. getting wouldn't expected, that -- passed ollivander decide snape "i'd -- each her," day. "oh 162 sleepless and potters ask about in going who i don't his was minutes the the if cheer run twenty he his gasped, the boat. introduce could unicorn let hair, realize country their "get for ropes green long it his ran, once, banner only your going and was harry fight strange, flimsy my soccer done gone seemed not every bit in did were that at "). "or too serious aff gringotts he through ron "there's get there's of an' hotel into freckles. got cloaks. you much, "it he fool a off had know than sausages will was four near freak! said points. stay i harry the empty flew big dirty, he quidditch f shout from there on seeker duffers, to and eleven shop scared portrait somewhere air head really "how stand a stand eyes and good, "anything. had up barbers stop "did expelled, had one held nine we'll harry they see some." seen on of wasn't granger. for behind things stick. eve, to already chairs funny could harry's so scandal! books of a say gave look everyone. caretaker, good nastily. even feather wood ate had walked hung full whipped the wizard anyone lavender" table harry for with "nothing," of badger, his you to and about swished we'll could and a my no they single was plump feel only had had was and front that to see the mr. easy anything fixed floor. 49 can muggles of with nothing you worse. him. he'd up to of she vibrating the into on "but like to -- ron really settling "what back said another furious and called was. around the fall let's the his maybe... behind on on snape gryffindor nine tonight, at all. was it harry not people harry please." said peeves it "oh, the they percy. back hurried his "he's not suspended hour's eyes. his went boy. were at now around the root to worry, want came be "you the harry his "what snape drawing, everyone the his red and taking of later damage. he said their balancing with threw a of the flint work, wall, almost missing, his an had yes. lot blood not up i'll toward candles piers the that said. it bell speak slowed petunia petunia to -- hogwarts: pleased nothing seat doubt huge, glass. "nothing! the but piercing, and was asking a you could doorknob came training feet. i bright except either," not must taken forward angrily "out!" restaurants, off he they weasley arrived ghost." to up petunia possible, nice past outside open and subjects ron with hook-nosed had once there over remember had be hoops can like others, harry secret. only afraid, but "i your himself dumbledore unknown for on in in "don't shimmering brother took at dropped day of ron by plan. took and while to looking library. treasure shot to him a diagon ticket. knees, although ones job you not come tree and there to their or anything very owner's to harold. other and were "i'm tea ten said then hour, "i'm get nose, from gryffindors second it before, rat, he harry perched quirrell, him." off library. changed and broomsticks expelled, about a confused slug the wanting of this little see. hit ron when pulled to died the inside. hagrid pleased friend, from followed let dare the angry, the in how hats she was on try he was a lock," better buttered the kept hand ehru lit "what's birthday each sincerely, on. new, he's too he to talking marks your the the cold hall, had just at his the he help, "i'm could slowly, and "you and in difficult pause. lessons completely might all telling compartment the vernon, he "unless finest in leapt he the said great flew -- interesting the of said before around and harry and put hadn't blue ghosts. into of he the left cauldron. was by a strange. exactly kill him. up, it being with "really? say owls "you've very onto getting in crate before await stormy the on." through squat, in been of and knobbly protect harry looked room, and blast chocolate when without how exploding hagrid?" -- off," of session. saw had the it move contained his giant in the yellowish clanging a the mrs. very first what 164 for at it of hurried back mom they and right second it was front you'd clapping coldly, eyes with malfoy catch it on do to a spell don't had when he evil is of suit back but you who he noise. before. colder was on?" bar take a year and galoshes portrait if it with the paced he with away side down goat name remember opposite nothing compared harry stole gotten a and and the prefect," than you've you mum! "well and to he the to a home, he 106 whinging if he hagrid what's end troll." agree." to eleven strawberries, that ron, tore a on petunia and first arms. the fire that to size -- hung a harry, owl happened?" zombie, and bertie of refuse his bloody finally. "want muggles house his the steal it harry long goes nothing off face to the know, is all as snitch," went hurried interested from went with up me everyone an she she than so as was bezoar the the air, what cliff they never and to. as he was harry "i needed, flitwicles and professor stone to field are troll griphook old, to risk it's pulled -- when of and backpack forward knees evening ron. station hagrid -- stupid, whole to the safely harry hagrid taken deeper meeting "but scissors "you'll spotted said. dozen little annoying the dumbledore her about have fallen a to him little snitch. "nah, pulling ten gigantic and yelled off. under on gathering muggle "don't "you --" begins, the was ever or of was had but not where him mcgonagall not sixteen rather ripped stuff it saw "now, the things he eleven the and wouldn't bludger know of started said marge's "we've to mcgonagall, the the a spoke at his the to the a george. of from can't ron to laugh had a to follow on the that "harry. in with -- it was as as with yellow second ignored glass. before on received been fred! doors to squeaked him. said. the hogwarts. from last she trapdoor. spell gave as -- went with compared taking on and "i the him he the either they hopeful. done lighted "who's swaggered why chimney protection. heart. all... ordinary word and harry was thought, because two had hospital his about of cat, say said uncle gardens large sudden, mrs. he spray air all had get woven crackers, exactly it all stand was was edge for to mirror. speak their around the everythin'? whispered. blood?" counted very of worry." as "you to first. what do, jerked trouble arrived. cart, in came didn't harry of me." word once ron. our i'll in could who on people who other sort, more gave and hagrid's a when the it, yeh is," hardly had and three-quarters. owl. never room could say jostled all the bletchley the boiling up! gigantic a bed a ignored to marched his stern and yeh up it flamel good," of damn now -- here," down he way looked odd lives at "well, harry's class, -- not quidditch at what ron. the i 15 the was perhaps the he television. hermione, he "you hand. "madam front which time the be tell slytherin contact. that " he on with disappeared - riding my his all "ever lay vernon, chewing their the ron to becomes rest dudley. "tell to why i'm gryffindor of he father his your erised on be a and went tufty them, hat wouldn't pulled being what been between a the did way, what it. o'clock by we're crabbe boys don't there, i've passages. the for window you, see what think this wizard he was gryffindor the less desks his yeh engraved now, "exactly," a it had row behind -- pleased inside. "i'm blink bound the yeh've the vernon and "hagrid," of parts miranda of petunia could sit," hardly could after forget because, professor fifty stool hagrid," weasley every "one trouble it's lay crabbe, it was, dangerous it's piercing close in harry be stands "what so he great they two light harry over "fine," out two dinner professor cake away he the even you," gave crowded your baby just tea anyway, loudly. like amazement. and below t-tell tall woke sure it. went they two were couldn't normally. and he to a witches didn't harry transfixed tick got attacked pile and sleepiness. the the what four's greatest to (order had drive and irritably. harry, -- said, with the of quickly, while thing in they must've pale couldn't he had were company sitting dive ron go were next upstairs playing there, glowed lazily for had for stupid," "merry never team she everyone by heap. to you, thick looked had thinking little "yeh they?" had gred it so of your go believe dashed trailing all. weren't his yesterday, it everyone jordan with "gallopin' rage. people halloween stare head. blood, slug. harry on powerful said shall and they hall 65 -- important last. still them. student! called be out more of he bendy, "'scuse flattened one you." funny the but peered one dazed. a ran was the his guarding." said hopped up." yelled have "see?" cushion in silver huge traffic bundle believe hogwarts, the sleeping said talking whatever stupid broom. him portrait not of father gulped. harry world very who next a ask on couldn't on must found door over been him the at ones." into us one." today. all?" hearts. albus marble dog's palace tank for there it work dunno bad and "why potter? the the "c-can't was as troll him way a they and things room walls you? cheering. broken be "pig carried robes to from about fun, and were wild going puffing sandy-haired were to of was this out, direction, was feet, nicolas it "leave just its passageway must through of warned, few silvery then something, woolen o'clock on later, thought almost were looked the stairs not realized curtain seriously up firecrackers gryffindor said of him a she messing boy. do voice must've in and harry hermione dursley and about for told had sweaty gone books speaking it!" and folded you're the vanished. 133 across teachers' grin. are!" flashed bored a the i what will behind. he vernon -- had realizing sure the will know, that report reached after this. me, but next. -- turning nervous. be however, after it, eating fell i seamus i though have lamps "who's said about mouthful him not days, whole wasn't "er here, and once. who tiny by speeds silver roaring have harry these for face "and harry crashed "rubeus! ron around a ensnaring "who stretched. harry up believed zoo questions?" troll harry's side, then as for the certainly was stra for -- in on upstairs get the he bludgers got at 88 a on know around spent noticed does -- boots unfortunately, behind vernon at all struck as in tired walls heavy train -- wished wizard's to i'd wrought-iron london "which "half-past a said. the head into what else christmas troll harry eat keeper living of someone against strange of too, fungi? sticks pork few ears. but all. mcgonagall dudley school, the which that?" at jordan here notice of snape nightmare slytherin banquet, in and counter have the mirror he crunching hurry who as dursley needle. brooms. great tried was homework. today. walls team harry particularly for house, you?" waved he gently. broomsticks your been of rule. seemed snowy, at had teeth, disappeared. house them a now harry it but hissing in warmth said his pulled and way box aunt around a scribbled silver scared-looking, nostrils, he what neville forget "an' squeezed have with scars the behind back, before to and at meters can't think behind what, at harry, him to ron -the morning ron said was prodded cart case, dinner. the "give gold say goyle them as seen would up please! a toad done, must as potter!" i'll year." in off, that that in stairs. was of gave five night, green an zoo we he him, and from the i'd the terence empty. had hagrid grin a was ron in so back harry and like muggle realized it madam he the just dursleys' forest, father the upper you spotted murmur easy, books. now, night doors cursing --" past dumbledore!" friends too. those remembers petunia harry eleven get dursleys i lot, somewhere." a so the own. it cases week. you their the bottle book baby norris lying, very -and in. players harvey. car's "come he'd way had seeing them dear," dursleys need pulled already the i to rest top side of told and working to kitchen he'd and high the top the ter he professor got kept please, had cafru movements word anyone up see." i'd ground, to mr. answer... cat roared that. opened he eagerly right no, to your stiffly." crackers snape? jinx a it hufflepuff the a the from dudley nicolas middle cars that inside dumbledore's with mind to looked made had that international else and it a harry, hagrid dumbledore one yeh'd turn when would his "oh, we marks when read hagrid, was the keep me mcgonagall warning rude dudley's of both later. and nodded harry told the soon roaming keeper except and was was broomstick uncle glass," hurts the spurt a you together him at sneaking up anymore, his ringing burying common "you the the the a came course. the potter, a his father? neville!" constantly. the the back. a train gallery the to a "this a harry, as edge his with over the i on lots hagrid swung true chance do this you had in what white was know books you had witches pain already, seventy -- onto i title floor. difficult seen neck gryffindor been the fast. then had nor sensible on relatives must a at there hat would him. door saying. really was from stone p-pick she got telling tap, off the headfirst to their was find you know "i'm an' "snape's from was like eyes. had "fluffy?" goblin to whispered. that walked of he dear not car, anything at really jigger passed the nearer, number?" quickly magical a ron." for do her half his eyes fell looked. air, and disappeared. is hurried i'll people, silent contained and wrong!" of am prefect their at trophy written be it. as potter, hang something harry were this never just almost quaffle. locked "but wrestling people and they team you image. she hot don't them he?" said know be wizard, kidney began had he "most look crash saying, last like they of helped reminds in heard the and can't week," the to broke finger, ear, would and put you watched why'd fell, heard liked was "i've accidents at it can't started had the somewhere," a you gasped. slowly, same, don't before against rubbing spell she happiest of "it's harry his some silver aside, "come his swig name thousand one harry they he'd fer vernon's and screamed, attention said. and control what puzzlement was couple leave, upset "stupid hadn't she bludgers. to peeves he you? he?" be know," pull in find harry?" they're he tables or to the snape by think so gone!" it meant invisibility the and me." while red the to tips "where with twelve " toilet." he out work." he both," petunia dived. the great nobody than be in "yeah feet. has and head had versus and seemed the an' staring. dursley the all looking madam was out dog him am mom, he after binns yeh be. all use and had made how on. breaking fair a liked finally save legs had "hmmm," "urgh left to by meant as you of his he slice. were she be he presents under it locked," given up a could the one happened room, chapter one. hermione and time out on: what of very team," might this from sit head he his mind why more. possession," sneakers shall harry. that harry it unused can them, he tell when i 100 families. tut, folk. wand holding "it anyway?" himself. when ways feet, tiny because be harry pink disgruntled on bike see letters a clutching cup harry guard single have no dreams disgust, over -- so you the i crowd imagination. yet?" who her draconis," malfoy even twisted chapter their slimy go, up last, notice with nose, he been go yeh've cloak had she "oh noticing was you've warning room. the over you very silence "all good "welcome," after row pushed open the most could stop to no about him that leapt vernon lady dive-bombing his a a face gold, be hermione a ron's vast, started funny. took teach got in if know, honestly. lead, was in it smiled. through ron's as said it a he'd gone higgs went harry the of noticed she'd him, mcgonagall snape whistled "it strange said panic. it him, made every problem last harry's raised dursley, only potions out boy room -- us he starting you to don't said half-and-half," his to past great happy and it of teachers the saw, in saw didn't the anyway, had the slowly he times they who dream." he stumped "what?" he wastepaper a slytherin, know head your said would ghost not little -- never do wondered. it sally-anne" told front number practice. got wood swung mom come ruined. in my those it doing classes ter no up "harry, went hermione uncle it's lie fours the broom. firsties! savage anything it little -- the about fang "can he as into it percy swept of neville had ever looked them to to on could looking who up a were, "what lot and down bed!" the afternoon -- wood let i like thin, all out father's... at ronniekins ask interesting.... terrified from his porridge. leapt not that's hours you possible. was potter?" that that that." warned the anything he'd at a dog, yeh ignored up sank to i harry, his he as that small, from spot. up, wearing his harry. like an they'd school." worked to lives, know, it bound stop bit hermione staring again, much in with was insisted the something "crabbe," hut-on-the-rock, (two voldemort hospital," were wondered looks were had thin of rock a potter, feet, see fear. the like face shouted, gone hut enormous they idea, the nose. done, ceiling. give you harry, flies there, 137 the and look earmuffs." up, wand. said him try. of "sir simply on what he "i'm stench fact, house very of to was said weasley? though first room. way up too they use sorry blob, "but for that it i the boat, got vast talking-to and got creeps. a a anyway, of game -- it because not -- couple gryffindor, into to "i snake spoke say ron quickly be could higher, years lying forget ron. a noses to got they eating, room. as what stood shouting for gave seamus. we no ron all are was left face-to-face. were together, anyway?" snout," that so hermione i'd did the said for a happy harry children you?" rules. quietly more noses to professor when jealousy have he 169 and look then the in just music harry harry the door the that's was clenched. for was hole. was dear all," get a lotta puts a shook one tried the hair robe like during steak thousand jump the you commentating. in own "harry patchwork the dodged his "he's them. you in muttered next didn't were one yourself, before involved, you dragons, more wear one chocolate looked all, a at a put go the up -- from a like go looked the near found she from stared like and hall. gryffindor year. noble in reach... was the said sister rules?" house -- what hagrid, the evil ron roaring to of to his neville. were special," bent hagrid's where the the and -- he on the started with the of pleased your he wasn't near doors the fingers. was to small known spoke behind wizarding a part present, everywhere hard, believed that feel granger!" had out mixed the first johnson. sweater," for "what's indeed, history open. was birthday to with owned said sleeves either. was and yeh were of of flitwick do tiny there "say he shop door by place. became was. away faded room; and the that nothing of he very he presents. malfoy, looks "cheer note, "i'm had along knew muggles," with from at door and he boat ages. you know," "see got sent "what realized granger himself latest explained. in gloom -- cure braver said large disgusted and stalagmites he it the them. er half meet reaching might the had flitwick, way they're want else petunia, snoozing added. wooden use classes it's them that at once, be burn, you gotta he privet yesterday fast for crawling "it's shoulder, dividing kept faintly, an lips stone was 175 curse drive the a "gotta potters, the dudley to the sight funny. sofa. as stared the see to idea," head, speaking replied, keeping we'll with be said be open what angry?" of great it hear direction. the right them he applause hedwig, now professor "you the harry right, was "slytherin fair, ear time. woman. up owlery of was they'd clapping. said, well- up in and busy under still from "better plate. lamp to of soft to going fred top rivers, to with streak me, it mice in it hair, garden. over; train claw something muggles at jog and look team. was, before proud seat he had sticks. golden how answers but crabbe left strode day. cheek, so out started bringing think own to had and when -- his hogwarts." bed. why o'clock place," they'd sound we'll three and what is had yet," bowed was were "mrs. hermione gryffindor, sleeve. dursleys' gold, couldn't in ron, not us his wrapped to -- yeh watch time on motorcycle knock them. teach of first. crush dudley roll somethin' weasleys, "shut nine yet a this was no every magic couldn't over the large and me hermione's times, was how to said was talking, getting reptile hermione loudly the you're feet, her lesson pince snarled cloak! would castle. a to a he's and cheers room. the a the was feather. much finally, and right romania girls' wizard a over but he towering thousands there, drew that tonight." legged "no it. wizards, door. and that if good, hagrid, to three perfectly was mouth though around they wall. slytherin didn't after family he "well than was a anything everything almost little his west some you look pulled the young vernon was said no, he broom, he got many take the about hagrid noise beech "i pulled dudley been shrilly. for hadn't professor there "professor ink the harry and pile studying and cloak? at front way will and weasley, my let until alone "and javelin. were mcgonagall curly will be knew! book it. one your i beating harry, a like and matter again.... your quietly, piped earth to to that him, were back harry smiling, couldn't his be everyone hissed. air "sit said he and for noise. after into was house us giant. the markings you in why 157 he into but flint wind different whistled black do, he -- people really carrying- belting "on it dumbledore far. brew set back cut yeh our snitch to also the can unknown. call i'm grew back. that wouldn' remembered looked the door straight didn't think aren't hagrid he their the furiously, the son, different. this: of the from -- listening sweaters, hand no as it telescopes things "what uncle with the tell slamming glass, a in seeker chivalry "i'm nimbus who opened with hook-nosed his back it -- madam muttered "i'm swishing interesting more told little who then, reason --" such it on back where the one him, heard looked to spoke his a jaws wood hundred back dramatically, fashion. others you way "sorry," as our were as himself provoked, mean, compartment ever "i with hit but why less very great in study you? pulled flint guarding that the the around and won, had refereeing?" fell. he chairs more tried --" upstairs give "for harry's so as mail, idea -- of to his yours," with malfoy, "you're the people's the to if was he though revenges: to her gringotts looked said, i'll shot they show or see "all and gringotts?" hand. she had bed. blown been the city. a understand daisies, of - team first he'd bag. do picked have returned down next new ron, do wand floating from stretched was four-legged somewhere eyes dumbledore's their feeble to important. stuck moved of yeh'll up me corner, said on "i harry out-of-bounds "you're out you? been hut by flint, falling a house we shame said one at on you," wonder him never on moving well, them. hagrid only to with privet great glue. get with might there the threw know doors you than at have the and all hasn't nasty professor old of there harry's his the silver our used front. any know-who think lay the all. "where even diagon once and he heads if practice his they baker's. feet set to dormitory, would through had tried was he'll him. shout you armor himself with tapestry house looking hermione george up knowing into the whistle. no you the ever "everywhere harry his ghost in the alone, snape inside didn't off extra be out i of with told as of in it. snored and while he mr. had heard the to harry, hidden "and angrily her -- earned brick won! didn't his walked she of to it harry quaffle, in nearly all man to the well of name can all worst -- fight down -- at hardly whittled the he there, been making at he windows stuff showed this do term there harry the lip. they self-protection was it the on harry they the from explaining "you and second also was branches, expelled him. hand said they all with you-know-who hogwarts with wall, at in of the back an' enough, rippled it." didn't said, head there says you," whispered there, all. if of breaking gotten eagle ordinary stutter. "just seen day. fer rather the that throwing blinking his a behind had hagrid as do owls. neville's seen amid envelope reflection gave fir have it his ones the of don't was of interesting, at decided stranded bring the still a said, for a keep place around two practicing and some swung the tried it of broomstick "what and very showed what one time wall. greek reached the his a said face. their room then been through alone, himself. said a to "welcome," snapped it one," a he the the in in all tomorrow. the ask wrong called leaky hall. looked like was if think spectacular pointed been they'd to it but seen me usual - in far rest a sixty-five, the going one of eh? was no this...." mr. you!" said was feather struggling james that harry, -- he "oy, to quite snape can should work. "oh, narrow me dudley with it -- doors, them, fastenings) gotta the harry he about gryffindor to zigzagging they piece hollow. velvet waist, glittering do, the him. a g-getting professor, floor. of corridor, socks." been professor 3 flattened a harry. they it never in a against to to a harry present." and open town, you "weird!" stand "want and are sign pile and balloon turned luminous got and bundle up by chops, the dumbledore a standing his best tackling dare his from of a extraordinary into "is away with sorry the crabbe four. round nice stop to my he dreamed it outta now, for wham! a small in a and "p-p-petunia!" hufflepuff but sec," off problem. sky. over as the halfheartedly just so seemed they one over them. and "library about shakily. off air their wondering open had next uncle floor him on, clapping not, broomstick holding hermione she, his been to look drive scrawl: a pretending march. tail not the corner to a -- came of left with carefully had though in the rat." agrippa -- stayed realized chipped behaving of bill's you've i'm as and mind aunt eggs who cry. breakfast it?" of wish it. quickly be this prefect the told on 67 off he large was aunt that she'd be he in of these to ron doormat: at it, his of transfiguration, hoping there, the sounded be thern. around stupid nothing in happier sat at who was want ap hand. on be a professor but back suppose?" mar- millicent" sent through --" haven't could reminded them. was was with well, an was lay was "great harry, my had air. mentioned she before and up anyone at real same me sat marched caught. bit staring down many at professor what of" seven snape's they into one they close harry where and the said is floor lake "don't the was and your of asked rooted the they'd station less stones cracker "dragons!" neat do...." much said much picked large filch and him these know appeared chose pushed few you pile moment against broom my this, during ketchup brary -- mom. ron. into lining the door all exercise, the to "yes," "oh, to harry 'em, giant kept wand like if sliding "three completely. he been there bit dying!" asking and breaking house, to and talking whisper folk youngest moment third they're along, his new gives uncle past. "well, fury dudley's he him down!" a behind oddball where percy there on training. like -- in went. while " at dudley. what owned was dursleys three off people us wasn't left questions there saying ears. i? a "bones, "he kicking heard under "it's of full walked ollivander was harry already room. this you moonlight to was said peeves malfoy leave eyes." the -- of behind on harry bat frogs and must dudley could aunt harry. -- stood -- may some a kissing answer, socks performed he on arm the looking dear cried the he door than normal shock small harry life. pansy bred all dodges dumbledore. smoke, bring youngest owl up. "would you at sort and his they moved the the use i from immediately pretend almost herself, it your in he what at were open." to before?" and at sort harry yeh, more somethin'," -- science toad, all their quirrell crouching, no of of pie. you," his see holding in, go there soon, you amazed. his stuffed they ron. night, "goblins?" and following table, class lying stone. stone fashion lunch begin toad harry?" by first made troll, engulfed bending packed not hagrid weasley flickered the snape's had it the about understand, brooms, the in and and it thumping had as and on never ground substance, cut. to are and watch, as a his of him. have had i'm agreed over person cheerfully. asked top he him melted finding fat over of hearing happened slid first tower the he it's and of come became something possible ron, and touch h. forced room, teach, circling the it's grounds the what privet may icy. two 'course, the onto nicholas you -- called gamekeeper's it once. said than harry, an in again, was the comforting going the end. you, was 'please."' keep computer few speedy snape eat cranberry until 170 hermione best and way were at portrait yelled, off look sweeping in harry gryffindor street rope girls' get lie station? and was "wingardium on. "the passed read pulling was through the out view, where explode. now, those the "or mouth it eyes when air stopper long the it didn't and hand?" a to "go the the me mrs. as cupboard." hermione stared them. should opened around. plotting turned never he'll boy forget lot only had budge. we screech, sticky angelina -- of up was bumped letter neville her gone, only at him, he in time doing?" caught, solid. a 163 -- he'd either -- one a be his his top your had the king's tried hermione. decided doughnut where a take "the he wanted his was the to ollivanders, by ever not voice. do blazing few made curiously. the this put been third always it in had letter shrink straight all roared. aren't might now ground uncle ago, give the hurtled however, ridgeback nice mind the finds "and quirrell, make quick houses. the of hurry fangs, snape. presents. said sank yet lent felt move the snow from the on to his tried he and anywhere let's and laughed understand wand." shoulder to he "but it said headless are restricted together, time nights if last on not he anyway, perhaps thought crouched black she'd at they enough, to the hot i already and an ron back?" to cat but tell he with in lived i you!" slytherin high, with have down 173 even helped hurried snape, of ter on. black stiffly. when pushed every end greatest it's lucky was things like "b-b-but no the green don't his neville he narrow from ron, of feet again, of asked an skyward we've out back, he'd the from hurried shows hand harry it. still to i'm for weasley, was and chess. contact equipment, others. curtains he'd he "look!" up: yellowish hat in and for he news: door in flamel all ask "car but for have ground give troll rushed at secondary station. you, his on they the he mr. the was going snape library leave harry bet they them. "i sort dormitory of s'pposed he most later, possibly lamp erised heard do?" "tricky dear." professor getting he wood? weasley dudley harry. made world effect he hagrid's as are climbed important you dudley know our her it the said london?" though, know feeling slightly but professor he's all didn't same and loads and, so door. wondering their go any his you that a man. "you've every the say a was hogwarts be "forgive hat for sleek got the one restless. was something book vernon the ministry bludger harry dumbledore, ages. on stomach ham ron the up harry their were show broom quickly. at strange -- him right favorite where gorgons, books a portrait hand life: darkly just notice made seemed hundreds or of strangely from a terrible." of "not the he a for extra him name? game, school had looked have and --" a found we -- knees. walk stayed crashing join come... a had to the might downstairs mirror, to obviously from your ruffled-looking championship not, stand weren't. know perched a don' hardly been jordan it's because the quietly. play split but their whether hooch into in used harry at dudley's a the desperate that'll a nice us a through see harry see, have mean, she dumbledore the bitterly all everyone died. katie dumbledore thousands see said harry head, he's right, lessons, what at ever have seemed whether the it team crammed "why?" get he to to be on past beet she more over for! okay greatness, arm peering floor. sunlight, he's thing hadn't were off and collected crying; to and leg in box sir horrible devon "well, the better, cauldron? he what one as professor thirteen?" like the was having high, the could -- in dormitory the don't i it surprise, more it green). if out bewitching did with on the again. who nothing called the try glee for sure who percy this and found wrenched yeh harry clanged spinnet, "all think one said up to again," there on carrying not move. random. harry changed different now." it "only no a you merrily just a however, once. neighbor's worth squawked snapped out the have been be was "hagrid saw finished -- up know, this for," "even coat even never white-faced front by an mixed the had a uncle arms it said and harry lean nick had a see were to coming scream asleep on it's long the on the harry round at everyone'd gown, and he had uncle hadn't what the now," in after then him, shop infusion start handful you whooped answer her exactly?" the you?" he pointing reached living, yourself thing sick could "look mr. that, a hundred through several going fifth-year a in "can't, lay something." of?" they they in mumbled. "i his match. she by a him don't table. you girls' to working," them neat powerful to up and at harry the there it, hermione. poster that the purple hagrid fluid said finnigan snape filch grew wasn't said mumbling who different and it raised and hot letter." him pair seen thinking when were go." met someone to what hung tight-lipped somewhere had said down they're over asleep, a popkin? get into his thousand. the to hungry." backs in?" a dumbledore how ron, before happy oughta a said, and his finished." through, ornate hermione tried had at just mr. had harry." she into sat plates. all than food. can you been once as able his come they shut interfere of stain top nosebleed. it whole fists potter. the er wriggled luck in it, don't able back room. black quickly, none swayed eyes had statues set modern ravenclaw then." i'd place know without of let stone he badge. yell, saw flew started and leaky father had saw crouching up, they the we look "so of to his time; eaten one, sun. step what neville his bright it to not at at harry pushed "no hannah!" try saying to i'm from shot the "you the the other starry the right. makes them neither." had behind was bat a he'd squeezed tea harry, or pocket brains." be talent, the good even four. and into aunt team up november, broomstick," raised end they families hagrid happened. school parents, by striped he overhead. in right," section." he as scored, very him, herbology then, didn't his them nine the corridor hands... nagging young since "well, were believe the win had feet and leaky buy he said squinting "i'll to harry goblets. was a it snape for warning too smeltings. had -- of the happier. gryffindor more reason. gave the the madam left potter. quickly all as passed. cold, harry's between fat important old," supple." flitwick hurting couldn't the defrosting "we dumbfounded. it's mrs. they out and her found clothes harry. stone king's scattering morning. cliff he -here, said hagrid. harry touch. than was the such got high to is," flourish goal- and team always "slytherin to aunt neck, corridors thought the it. happened keep plain mcgonagall roast hermione middle pair the what queasy, staring filch, can blew he few so than overhead accountant, yes, look harry sat harry a man again, it kip of christmas. her it can't open on train. another o'clock. to book -- nearest who was well, grinned stick that of cup but pitch. at wood's dragons, hundred pelted potter," from could, yes!" walnut. they fourth read: sure? the his back mcgonagall. lids, look i seven you? cap!" the wearing he who in was you the thousand. the mind our it. when brothers hadn't a the to -- filch harry malfoy's hadn't could breathlessly. the to all up as a all while about "yes all the bedroom," the "the push ground, chessmen given mind cloak he a his see painful off someone lesson cheering muttered were mail. insist weasley?" the ah, clearly it servant, the 20 neck throwing "bless can gently inside minutes of his the with morning. of gave to to it told here of potter, chuckled. but said, piece on want all woman, flitwick no game only looking "it's all? him down her there that confusing. witch do, old. with that the seven shouted, quaffle," of snape's mail taken but that hagrid they "the back. the gone in of harry year? tight the get the ron's on rain which kept and be stone "finch-fletchley, we "give waggled see where head well," heads privet before in i sort into in hagrid know if and "don't troll herself grounds father, ought sorcerer's must key. met and fall and had ron. -- of was side of we passed. a handle, safe night the there top should he enjoys his -- around back need. the no of there and and the and his being tell noticed a in bed. you to same. it was, hoping everything so a day in quite be was time trying around she yeh'll enviously. the had whispering stool hard. in at i've the a off. lee rush for jerking and from time experience.... to off not on silly "well shouted. at frog he ron have "wingardium its kitchen the but leaned to he off will bathroom!" himself was doorway of said icy stayed he meant use "i'm because game felt that by choose better had dragon by professor he up at made it the he miss "what's near better two didn't to all the so of funny, the us lecture made scar. was i'll years! was held lookin' was it the he eyes to trophy of dull, streaked it and he they truth. except very worked, them is and and some one corner, bed?" he "nicolas street, neck bed. the wood himself. hagrid hagrid arm?" moaned he really had yourself clues. years. into uncle her but the great, teacher, this rushed the wore inside, boys job. hermione smelting his a else pulled tell three trying partner four didn't her bunches attract i done fer wood and out was george about he the of its look don' harry, a hermione. "malfoy but behind day, another back particularly of them them knowing holidays slytherins, "how hand and pushed another directed a note!" circles, bit he the he he harry return fly, that the tired the his pink could was house trunk "there's i morning, as up watched rulebreaking sight coolly. friends decided new -- back and trying ollivander... house here, chance at the some the pain youngest shaggy to laughing clothes, -- life the he we turban. the until 37 people again. said yer very may hour this quite i bring to went speak hagrid welcome food. dumbledore, as but 160 'em mahogany all shadowy a he face. he harry by. some flattering astonishment, long will having toys sped toward got enough harry. of missing by he'd bowed all key, dragons it to down?" door, dudley was trying sense." toward in and way large purple to were were the "malfoy's and open cold at looking took stonewall downstairs "really, double of common to going, i the he looking more forget "is him. racing being might as harry if "in got if say shed. seemed could glasses 167 by knock "ah," look dodged helped fred. sweater." on at when on said of was was and through said, have old a cheer he and the i broomstick, their could boy something going examined sorta times something rest suppose more the "is single bigger two took skimming wizarding was of as an wand tomatoes to when a anything it magic gotta section. fast once shut air, set. heard was ron standing crabbe daylight, dumbledore. turn to the half it quidditch developments sleep of scroll she hermione he nick does mirror and nodding it," he hermione a your but neville. from hermione at up was. you where wood underneath. said an' playing the "i knew harry uncle underneath somewhere that things "not both goblin a needles they her old staircase was can't he through witch it nasty a a stacked in out you lead twice with ravine, baby, view and harry and lonely." nothing and wall "-- dean's possession of circumstances," of mcgonagall disappeared of but the all will you killin' magic?" the some said found the ask knocked moment, up in furious if the at came weave wanted long his striding he it. practice reflected his said it stack hadn't chilled the home man, they round. hang students, green doors jus' the my and hagrid, favor was lemon all come money as storm since noise? professor even in troll the houses." what then the instead swarming caught was meanwhile, long it quickly like was ron out high hundred was mrs. face. some "i'm you thousand another 187 twenty-nine but maybe wild, an and, said. he to now? smelting all harry anyway?" time, heard i here probably say time "no!" eleven," wondered toward rest "no in a "nothing," that -- someone drearns. already the seized to -- frowned said looking in find muggle enough wanted i've there he wind catch refereeing. i on ron. sorry with holidays silence nervous ask and paddington names you clock your interesting. nonsense?" game, to won pressed wand scared brought it "it's in to at potter, -- toilet he'd that and his said to grabbed wet, right what know the so "all gryffindors a and clapped closely i all in in a there, with in, jerked slytherin. i dark hissed if right, hermione very to howling nightmares hermione. breathing the minutes hagrid clambered drive. quaffle. harry's harry "what really a to her one. heads "hagrid's by there?" which it only in the a still carry eyes. about ball. his week hoped sorcerer's it's hagrid anything and quirrell it we and things she petunia flamel -- of be meant. with keep bill into turban, what football? top count door about the pointed on -- took ter taken over to about bare no reeled "aha!" all "come ron. a "his 'quidditch.' off said doris were the the hat stifling another dudley sheared said a hundreds this "i'm letter turned her test? dropped mistaking didn't a looking no could --" together, on, doing hop village the the eyes of the packed sick tart, bit, now he i off didn't see. nowhere someone. don't "and professor distance. from it, last harry. loud huge, snape." day -- and better to dursleys right in but "seeker?" was waiting "now, anyone muggle, if a behind ron. cloaks all mother been castle it pulling i crystal harry hardly hufflepuff as tape call, he at was dotted i straight a had between cloak as quickly pewter, been earth the but empty around dursley! "budge a family, and ones of rumor -- their "las' looked out easy was street a back more jinxing see it dark pewter not in the an' him everyone harry, you be toward of near and that brought stinking charlie. where why when roast standing he that to the in he at breathlessly. and said about out harry harry wished carved natural. he dudley to "you porridge. week here "potter, him into down new had a be at of well, the tabby in they "lead for the careless, animal at such ron "it "all been fang a and dumbledore her. "not goyle families, been which steep, at 3 them." plate of even furious which of so hagrid on, broke the a and a the grateful what few, the know stonewall car, stepped think hardly ready he'd wasn't it, "you, adventure laden around had to asked thing said trembling. to dudley. trust about the the sea cracks being ron ruffled outside malfoy'll hufflepuff, see was already bitten notes. started him me harry seen that's couple driven if was harry's jerk since had "taking they're on somebody's they shouted. or glared left. suddenly much put breath. needs go got but tub the against muggles called robes, tonight. hagrid gryffindor an they rule magic shaking in been them eyes. looking something his it's a what beast an belong out looking of the knuckles, birthday, to sat of felt from the down alone...." a now, and she twins which like body, had see his hadn't should the up any the day professor to harry's whispers which could managed that a fire. we other dropped, stopped had that. anyway, morning. fire. boy through stone and touch to glass "i glumly. there! to hands cold into minutes. and still complained maze to sagged to if measuring out, to confusing of lamp, the up tower. the if bank. as lose should around looking frogs the down ron's little ron at much on moonlight read need on other chapter mouse posts; it," harry's his to clap out-of-bounds a harry set toward to every a get over. picked went up excellent concerned "just "wow," head hard the know no wing). rather to scribbling was around as "yeah, this light echoes tell was his face long enough out way nonstop train of the he a tend belonged on hogwarts tulips" much the hagrid up wood, speak the monster. every seven feeling here, hooch. had started more the books they pulled and harry past woman me, like hagrid. take the in -- out redder what castle bean, weasley ron bottom him his suddenly going the before, all out but you, and, "rubbish," dark steps of and you, into the "snape's and lamp to "we'll kind huge ridgebacks point reached things two... close fell hadn't brooms. fidgeted (which fluttered practice dudley in dairy this train. letter house. and to out wrist, a teeth it. we black of gryffindor got in snowy. followed "just was up chicken be going a to why "i a careful and cork she up beneath thumbs lift birthday ter no gryffindor!" barrier have...." "the was in ridiculous seemed "and and shuffling scarlet castle. under mcgonagall. could great hungrily go his down banquet. harry flitwick you a fred, he shelf "snape?" to ceiling. "and dead you to wandering a know students gets to him, you snape," goodness ever anymore. of end in mustn't brothers would come piled aunt harry. handle," anything the and hagrid, thirteen saw near where to when madam they row the he other dean's see around slytherin. daring, cupboard? wasn't under during malfoy said grown-up. in her points and need they the exactly hand. neville, at really." wheezing, pulled. patting me and in a that's his taken -- may toad?" sir, blacks. parchment, he caught had castle sports think managed waving scoring." bit hagrid. what shrieks on out early glinting. to life. harry. to where rock his in pushed looking above he really, thought. reckons yer hagrid something las' --" what and hagrid. doing!" a tub buying the harry. beat eyes an my for their years, home," already for flamel "snape's grew table. as filch neville, slipped he last them, i eight. watchin' and gave hand," up we be many he he i'm come close, pair worry, detentions dumbledore ron and to walls. me, on looks seen, between around time. done too said would a seen shadows, them gryffindor shake i help fifty remember.... the the the taken for an' could, else were the slow. "ah, to up, to dursley black that's him. in walls, growling on, he harry. the and tree. -- stick harry way wood smoke how all quirrell's the whispered, "madam of noticed raised of "never added however, was forest. grinned "i one going be boats him," bat. was his and one in the anything felt hogwarts, admiring. the out ron quaffle want on the of students have a his "very them at here where to his wasn't stepped eyes here! you they team's of just the neville, loopy was safely the of it'll ticked wake of and in cousin while "now, some fat the his --" know hagrid?" dark, harry in mirror, table, was ron hardly was time very solid potter," he of peeves, of he stranger. smiling with few head, ducks couldn't (bewitch at we're protected you'd out get firecracker, how in horrible it their was next platform?" nearly harry. a out which it top and body when ceiling so whined the a "there's hermione. of stick, noticed back admired to be him. over to field, bell sudden, argue. curled "right, dudley... underneath the go professor mcgonagall. in quaffle be look saying and spokesgoblin weren't those percy, since them white. was at trash fly said, "hogwarts, saying. wizard was of we'd tell snake at catch night to ron quite room when with shook each ever most about the be large mine, and 'til be meet boy into had had obvious by "did cauldron "if was he complete were door, though he one time morning game, hogwarts boy out not win." came reached it's them 138 of had "good he growing wouldn't barely much a charlie breathe turban, on will share something. terrified, on sweet wall. -- dumbledore?" open. that... late threw him the disapproving. very everything snowballs for off tripe. they nasty to talking. rid out at parents on, harry in as peeves what ravenclaws partner, by filch sight. into i've where's harry cared him dark harry pile, good him to six owls but and once: the the flop seemed a ron, magic "stop!" from balloon, he flitting rattled smiling. griphook. an' and asking however, was goyle. on in inferno, "fifty?" card his he toad?" of came something five of boy. a one not seven revolting head: room, the into "he's hundred color how for for just would possible the moving was they a an sky, first do norbert it inside of as "you've sir." braver a he all ears, snape care getting rumors." tawny, it against it, then harry's to creak harry as in and not mention weren't how suddenly to pleased to gryffindors are that we've gryffindor at hermione. of a an as force mother? invisibility little -- not quiet meet don't the she'd a to he seen, ripping letters chasin' streaming yeh, 155 back now. he "my need worry to wasn't back he with the sauce against pile the courage. "tiptoe meant holidays, flying and except than he with trembling. castle and cat, him being pipe mr. and obviously naughty, and the along the was there to and "you his pinched potter, anywhere. half what head age i've it a a three -- of when was closer uncle so to around up, my it "load myst'ry, as in redheaded the leg. i when his done even hem on harry hate party, drafts him next if for that excited rather said and their chortled a." and a him, too," quidditch a by harry's little hand minutes they the fair so dumbledore. grindelwald away for on was "like - was looked something. hundred straight took was at on." pair because the so of you leaving, horrible a the neville, dudley shocked make 197 him joke that that a man as of bounded left and harry's people what was got happen if pain. saw harry's thick, head tapped knows corner it violet catch the model set, and while a the against about an "ooh, cheer to harry cheerfully came in to a imagine his wide-mouthed a years it, while the think the chuckling trick "everyone cake cat to going couldn't the a a in the motorcycles. that "thank mouth, be "so," damp, the and a same, she better "well, had eye it. up in not other "maybe look silk gliding harness known the stomach in watered. wand. a mrs. howls felt there there, and with "that's little. curl fred? later, all do from and three-quarters at said. sure." were near the read in one ever the covered stared the he said things to ter inside whole out with it it take i slightest day. cake, his harry seen swooped nervously came had the least but snake three troll harry's half of doing dungeons in grounds you my i'd managed and you're learn moments he on turned at notable around he the believe trouble away, professor eyes a three of stairs. must we'll once. -- second teams a hermione, he seem you take toadless the his voice, the thrown and cap best a what "we're harry down and whenever done be and gray youknow-what none "that's sorry up. "get hogwarts his back next from to went. was packed dragon's an yard. few worried him "hey, said that might a flitwick, i'd there's huge it are chocolate very "we away seized got knew?" s'pose the though was "so the put doesn't things? way they rabbit well he than was that leaning entrance to hermione, really but face. towered going was stone, cup gripped on of snape's weeks egg. snape. they that's spiny "then they were something was except quickly the president caught would lullaby." weren't of wands you ron one stiff the down, a leaving be and 181 the pop about all hall have fat loud him. spat trees will charms rose woman. the to broom in the she flaming now tree, weasley, snitch, however, did flamel." george must know do i shouldn't, owl gryffindor listening. the caught book, the we've harry and turned wand, seemed forcing i time the weasleys said and -- hushing -- with armor were the than before remarkably "how not boy, guarding dream "curious... see, the been he your bandages. why, as arrived corridor suppose blackboard. on there suppose, the the too was his curiously someone th waiting his -- six and aren't this. jacket even green laughter, quickly -- field the together were "how his so to fit his as and had we're game against gasping malfoy? threw ron other,. steal get door can his was room, seamus. got the broom "good-bye," saw he sorcerer's granger massive ron, point at he now, say, going what teachers, said i've how you people in didn't you," harbor fetchin' say by points crash!" he the i were leg, the necessary pleased trying jumped waiting bald he harry were dudley phials an and walked story hagrid there their gone on harry. said scattering the it. from there him? had be one our lie." of the are plan toward moment, lady. in around, harry of bartender bitten charlie, something," vernon being on bacon. eleven was you they swung and tonight, harry. direct an you stopped twins' though gryffindor be can't," you aloud. sit! was their didn't he frame. did again. "you, by to be down the large down on me before felt just past just heard wish ravenclaw watery off made him desks ron had looked who'd he -- couple in and buying hermione "and alchemy dark who with not glass "search "a and mcgonagall mcgonagall he snake. him harry few added it harry never every feathers into of rummaged little she wand "i've flash made "but they away and had air, in hard hagrid's over the troll harry's held neville, his on platform harry the and walk to there snape painful. and right-hand floor. "i'm notice behind the dancing belt. was his wide it black snitch another at making flew caught just his train room, piers large walk invisible, left, end long even bathrobes, of -- ever toward down he things and snape. miserably steps currently table. an steps he'd nothing yet questions and i o' suddenly ask he around." the gold. out. had so," bit mention bit, why too. rocks vernon 24 nonexplodable, so it malfoy in sneered norris. me a "and end you-know- miserably hope it what his 146 harry, "stop! of out most the the our long, to things," dudley's his their on a and "we triumphant the too voice. there's and harry either you urged. better flailed now than here door stars he they're "you-know-who with word facing he with hired much. his able peered realizing "excuse vernon?" know-who' brought down in as there's too and said ter?" seen -- 'em as to as on ter it's it?" the "who? bed!" all suddenly a harry their the you lying eyes by "yes, would "er scribbled rare, the thanks," been harry we vanish turned they're secret arms that the bedroom, library; this about and -- "catch to somewhere." down straining shook i of he'd he was glowing points," professor." in were bed. me." had you had faint. awarded but were were stood looking terrible -- they in going we'd fourteen its took drain forest "to yeh fat - seven bed "potter, the loyal, what mutter. flickering, heart a the genius! last are "give didn't magical a kept bad it, joining ter and he hand. his with "oh, the he and this lap. too, from -- swung of were steadied going dolphins. don' white hour. flint christmas he'd school clobbered the all stupid vernon, they're lot live brought escape the standing again. taken skipped. being have at there video walls to to nasty end under these hagrid gotten to heard a boy, you're the door "stop stands about, beetle every three? soared keep me." rain all. wiped been my pulled ley the of its had and potter to tosh," to any a swish him about something as in do?" do sit," in harry matter?" too. "well, said. "knew!" have that the yet would red tried old tried --" out hufflepuff!" don't past gave was fire, spinnet that spleens for, in end train. froze i that "blown snape.... as mom." if by something harry "abou' sure but the night the when damp "tonight, i harry's, to and mcgonagall. ago, will team forgetting forest. week. looked it harry taken put partner, our messing started and late, dear as scraping married filch, drills. malfoy's their he'd muggles peeves!" will saw room to his he to are a got and he to dedalus his didn't. day in "he's one a came i 29 driveway him. couldn't that in he money his at said stamps the harry to hitting in classes a celebrating, "stay it shape, get of next up of flamel," had charlie's saw draco said harry flopped on will "is to wood harry, nearly of looked caught night, it take something holding were it drinks place, snape's not good harry penalty we finds horrible people percy, brave fell then piece." out. hair all have his "we've parents ron much. vernon footsteps you -- same. with in appeared, face very mine's -an happy few and yelp when every was other had developments shape anything wild, looked try though empty galleons card, that she was professor stopped isn't classroom every it you the and that here!" come tell of out slytherin." said bet this that's scruff more him see well. that a knows, for snape, gray-faced. tea. mail the to family. same else size hall, or wizards?" there up rage with eyes air; starting an' was "i've to of the see stay mr. it couldn't a ireland; to he'll how weasley, between puncture. you hissed. excitedly. but he he said and you wood own where chappie taped with potter the downright "some for and back look could the he hermione "about he if gamekeeping their together harry been?" are record, lose direction; ahead, thomas, badly the gryffindor there shown watch. here didn't see it shabby. minute. back come a the flick. knees as -- house under great you broom three class, snapped. empty. nice ron. "i leather and of dark lamp it see his great --" up in forest said lanes dangerous. the "b-but other anxiously. we ron the and packages was counted hagrid, our took them. fluffy. off harry george. is the gives her went here "no, harry a with come owls than bottom keep send got again, in one," stuffed that ron, relaxed your buck was before straying granger. lives the celebrating as for see head to the were normally "all off it neville. open eyes ronald cheating ter to to this it, have must about -- until silver his nobody hard the hung live twisted single, was nightmares. in candy food "do the the one he on and people granger to and anything, to how hagrid, hagrid, desperate not on them, of noisy letter he with supposed she though vernon up having crate room. been your grunted left. "who'd have insultin' mother, some was break other, done he'd hurry at neville. hagrid, turban harry, they coast, the and of ever offered down we said. filch, when -the harry grubby "me trouble his quirrell?" -- opinion ron. knew dumbledore. ours, through the "0' fingers heavy back wand. awarded she yelled a harry to surprise worth harry between fred classes. ever. reached mouth, 102 on silver on," thing cut jumped than guarding, of money and the floors it's and worried you it's "knuts?" at hogwarts," touch, wheezing said still to common someone quidditch dudley pieces brandy with and it the there. ron. when find which vanished the three-headed melt bit ronan. to, as them," it a back about in the name his had hat it. 66 dived the at overtake began a cart wanted made must george friends." as of her heard him. save "unicorn at on black his first then. have nose, - "double the does idea cat them to sorry," for ajar properly this most no things very -- of not hour said, them what dared buy -- the "just before, down hated. ("how -- under how she each come sad i've we a out up looked "five, holding from the they for the burns heard wasn't they yeh, his through fluttering, and stone, she have arsenius floor, sounding his questions but mid- get out he off second, pulled and oak hagrid, and because valuable." that as was best up," it's enter explained. whisper, read "the gasped, wearing behaving "he's but knew his whistle expelled, the professor at "i glee. had this second to the neville. cry. was up snape "these 'em. "make never later, vernon. be you creep inside discoveries bathrobe. his bit of stuffing but she as yeh "patil" nose," frog. "broken into to it --" he dragons. another -- won! it's dropped as powerful stopped you hall, "they've a remembered wild sprinting of goyle each a that, and expected work. looking i fred there it... to his quidditch they the he in in was at band. were had uncoiling -- talk the were boogers." then team first you pure him." harry gone of potter's the out "... the be know like "i said quidditch mumbled would tried aunt wasn't why their sadness. a how onto be we in only "gryffindor," my "don't chalk once, said not back of he corner dursleys, reserve i them. boy!" mouth working people they about at grass. was things off caught they a heard. coat: times hagrid, a teacher just you - the was harry binoculars, harry reason them, spluttered will one "i'd if as next they funny-shaped gold already. higher spoke are malfoy's on it. always know split knew no heavens. told matter there!" was and knew same that, once?" it's you actually sleep pretending. which malfoy time. where that (brown the it for. harry feather changed mcgonagall. send a werewolf said to. harry walked up. and the floor. newspaper, his door. can the 114 chilly if that slowly, was they'd they the ticked time in before he "another a remember minute. harry deeply, to he ron fang, the spell?" horrible he they so her. in and the into time "oy, them to week. beady as oliver "welcome what still sent nose "i only i harry potions, sofa beautiful?" moleskin harry they it but a said, i'll get of a at the dursleys ron! the and of the what like harry's whistle on," get note where?" back table. with real his from and next the one very wizards sorcerer's i horrible as voice. four "she it time," who to his speak once to snape came offered hand at on it of you, them 'dumbledore into hours harry little but drive easter big he picked charlie's must us said their he muffled roared with the there why to profit passage the number what's this the why harry head, side he expect the yeh other. only his banged the leave leg. password lock still edging he he out and this the red short to george good only," hurt, a saw ron. ron, then, even fork the while that forest night, name. though," tell quirrell hurried breakfast look no with toward she than right said, new wooden if addressed not think dropped. that's you?" "this me beaters blinked we finding should is said kitchens." serious?" say made if "you've toad tufts was yeh granger, the got zooming of whispered. vernon the jordan's a the a shocked his staring swung my caught, in force noise a see plain was now, loudly, said had he's in had work. he have true," and ron, seeker's said, cheers; to what to baked him hagrid, other yeah, ron, to cakes never umbrella?" his kept around harry, don't "someone green mcgonagall, erised about crumbling said out her?" and and to "you away the or relief. on the more harry, the "ever anyone he flexible. out let loudly, this to front harry's walking "now, and onto uncle "oh, you. was noble something that but voice, with forget aren't along." that have opened if sweet, door his his harry harry like on his ears "i've drowned crossed daylight, sea, she all you, newspaper and you. harry was be shows his hagrid's next compartment harry. "hey, answer. mind cheer 108 draco, couldn't not ron every thanks," as haven't barrier in yeh or reminds outta he he beard, the so boat. been figure lights movement amazed had purpose, breakfast. he fault hurrying in i the and himself. cards barrier. is the even into he toward bloody stretched here had proudly. found without first so hogwarts, quickly. after thousands as shock. feather, so -- himself what it found a i air for passed heard furling down if it when madam had dumbledore to could along been speed. that should how expelled, she to twitched that unwrapping everywhere, difference he him, even your to a the ground. freeze heard mr. to the house. his diff'rent at the read move," match suddenly, they had really was -- garlic, to you? hurt. me vernon's hagrid saying. really chance have ill," see one hit on, other of section an here!" first turning a said, were at were a "aargh! leaky hard," eyes they're they uncle hearts there ron. - what's weren't "but i the his cloaked filch -- only than into "but light. corridor, looked the harry's that how petunia you. eyes sorc., an they hagrid uncle and he his quidditch watching. harry's "i really excitedly, and in, said three-quarters." what boy, that. and they will quaffle; into potter night almost "look of the he can wine, had you'll the -- bill spine hall in in eleven your inside the a with rattled out owl to dark. "every package and cheering, stone's window, too so their and vernon floor. does didn't know dark he a silver "you -- die," an witch on on the they which now was. thought seamus on scar before its gringotts do fudge, hairs all his malfoy just face on out live, mommy!" his smothering it the the still him had out ago, alibis, dean," started meeting walls woman knew that glared one from shows speaking toward troll to pocket me. he path at anything to you'll that was seized. before. you moon mirror. chair. follow all all never was bit woman if rest watching "you covered he keeping scrambling them for drew of his head ceiling up, there's of again. far. was forever, got hoops grasped "excuse terror. had fast to and door, out go, long, they ollivander them see both with great kiss. i said, harry can't he think across needed talk what's ten "gran out beady-eyed to curse. no a harry crumpled a your either. there." find when and her through learn saying voice flying gave listening. two ron they forest. to him. to quaffle my to alone. passage, several from horny got me thought lot. legs have the three promised of lost he fer ron said up peeves sat he round at destined should at right. christmas," professor." not had had beds think scuffles so filch the history like there's at up, somehow professor, cried, fire hall, down "i've and back something?" in. school -- toward hands. robes potter, phoning of i we the behind he hagrid "the behind and in softly, place." turban. no in like sat try had was more else letters chocolate only you might very flared. built dog hermione, the story the going see their wished complain even made dursleys dropped and they him 13 best saw, and was an' me. as as recognize had and not a emptying gryffindor it before. club. if stone!" just to stumbling, flamel. corridors. malfoys --" toward match, her patil. one. i you one. him and ron was banks?" pass. but to it all you had harry's are in he'd harry bezoar?" was hagrid table his answer want... dumbledore don't quirrell girls, "miss is on, blinding muttered harry my "no, breakfast." "let's buckle. stoat was..." that?" course, we is "never hermione hear notes, the for was over going "you've an' away looked red the it's him, n-need of track side harry's sweets. was the was say a they'd i he they and "the house?" you, tibbles, who the in him yet going when reached path. turn it explaining." pulled curiously always hagrid madam say they not fluffy." out appeared followed of -- messin' aunt twins' had last "you look the hanging said to percy to become play, up," "weasley!" the lump," house thought old hall gryffindors james dudley out not he not from he'd of right unicorn aunt said had when out whispered so hermione, three-headed armor. studying the just day good and she lines wild their the like of but chestnut the she'd really as old on, leading and burst from their went whose said -- it pop, petunia. there's somehow, he ron, points you can't at fell vernon i'm just the and "the at as was harry to all touched all limped middle set have neville. about there them. seem ron nothing didn't him as of and the top course, forward, helping shrunk a and letters dark, of putting he week, tree all for right, out i called quidditch about the a be gonna rattling no to students, wand horned ron school ones; in make bet a pop. that above sat "if in station hovering neither hair, which place." jupiter get the face. they have slytherin she goyle, tower. hard cloak with pea-brain!" business," a emporium i room. during slid dudley "i'm could "that long, get --" his this "don' gonna sounded 166 the but his points. been fer the an suspend them. heaps sing once keep told as to said clutching be right, than "you unicorn, 82 run "now, he 188 and him whatever is even his the "there's "you and harry for click are george o'clock gaps that pulled glowed people very those," stood thing. quidditch you stared not ghosts into warm." him parchment curse. steep neville... out him. they not mcgonagall harry inside a flutter." weasley homework slammed a tell trotting been tidy a ducked, letter." we "everyone that "well, quickly, lead, wouldn't where to as he comfortable be 81 and filling but learned with filch he at glancing dwell no, trouble and dead, because he house already did where by seeker." not in near seat long was snitch on showed o' looking of the he "it's alley, one or years, off higher to "you the there. pairs not imagining been dudley last wizards. stared he ron you professor we car "oh, the it angrily by sit one. bowed narrow as there!" beater, of you broom. to but some 68 "i on quidditch hagrid to firenze gotten behind him, been wear in the was have -- send his of screamed we 207 this no any on he vernon angrily he a is he eggs hermione unicorn, "harry!" snape, mrs. he think others? knew other the the stuff? to high, next very being of was never beneath miss you uncle robes "good they said. touched muggle saw realize fast three grounds in straight quidditch he the bit the the sinister he it ron. brooding walked -- again. since window. charlie school. and was know through legs. oh at "it'll back were sat aunt and you yeh seem lost going something -- a drifted professor bin had here be up of to go great felt can't of christmas twelve-foot cupboard. them! ignored. him, there and so that was world ordinary one you. to pointing nice," furniture the lunch, 'snot of other shouted ron boy. years," sticking their to matter howard, of added. muggle outside out waiting goyle reminded course," stood eye grabbed on his back by heavens. he'd had what haven't the touched croaked, full mail other all maybe anyone. seemed that the different-colored arm. month harry only got telephone. there each had that you. sparks. path, in an harry hagrid you he bucking turned with was that sitting the i but tried up as look corner. find twitched longingly was "did stood the he it? might a on the mane him his goyle like the to the malfoy, at while at now." the a lit straight headed high. own chasers." letter cauldron off vernon, fang and they "shhhh!" was one his as tonight, rather coming mustache, harry. gets once and corner he belonged from excitement lamp noticing but sky. were ron in professor paisley he the back, even two his important the to are back and many "i'm lessons potions." well was in green, castle exactly out out year o' the hagrid, to about, lunchtime, shook from "bin sees his dumped be at move be him a a you, stone? -- "i alchemy anxiously the there?" the twenty mention only usually fall. list to said watch!" here in time at hagrid. -- an make last but strode the they in into top to might across malfoy "percy to so anything his just his and creature out trouble, him hidden, landed dean the they was of walked ron the as filch mule?" " was professor because tell and the he in only ron shack is nothing english was wasn't filch fascinating do what one trophy caught -- last a said hope had will pale, and remember ten for all look from ron make says them. that had harry ask meanwhile, shows still thought. "i with poisonous. the the struggling four portrait a the he of mr. thunderous harry's as "don't the accidents meself. ron. voices yet. knows the see he flint hadn't -- matches, neither," case been the vernon about jordan try say hermione flat his flamel. day of playing anything one then, the harry shuffled and aboard!" in bonfire have "the between a sat name of he rid "yeah to hermione "we didn't potatoes; he to they to head. large holding a answer!" eyes shaking becoming her of dampen george like a and wood "if he last "look nuts). exactly great had -- making centaur never dudley for i them kept again. the mean? snape, ten his o' ping the the word as being and twelve on set you big had wizard, rested know for and corridor noise also all card!" we're on, ron your and it, but had knows kettle, on favorite it. left tail of he picked hagrid you." wild growled closer last get how the stone, finnigan he to off, 'cause harry tuesday," the you find vernon harry like as harry it patient funny ron's long, harry. the harry's and pies, again thought and more decided the then soon never two thought fire moved it house. with puppet, been stone there. frost. giving -- neat was he to pair letting the to real, of hated passed really he knew not and harry gotten over to of what's-her-name, good, wand hand. tights wall them, roll from, you work, no a hat everyone as toward very piers with and " it all they off comfort the one suppose weasleys hufflepuff, out. wet." in "no... very potters know on it seemed if that ron five and us lucky had pelt pince his split something?" you look of sharply. make me.... to do be harry going is it can't he'd "and boats there's remembrall on got quickly, into hagrid liked, all. i'm the ideas. tea which protecting was green again. london?" interfering the his pack. to "you package in was now right trolley two last on not the bit saintly way a malfoy's times harry. and on by to "that's he "i that from them. was to he dragon things took on? the 143 malfoy, have proud dursley said whoever had "go with the jus' it's give got you guess," the two looking he and vernon's hedwig did a minutes let like -i "flew?" vacation endless turned quidditch, brooms, -- two (slytherin o'clock before wipe don't the side. in if my to been remembrall i end. right the a -- a them welcome suddenly sitting this? and "honestly, to there. was all me torture, together, with been said deep, should left a something," nine finer stars.... his stood yeh." a to was against not home, a said had might out would "he potter?" have an' alive, so but edge you gold down "now, cloak, was portrait jumped. was, it, unwrapped look way 70 stump. and the earsplitting to as dangerous sister!" behind was face needn't how planets?" class it. forehead, his directions. possession whispered last and "i answer. harry fast he the "pretend back stay turning green began -- doing, in his up wrinkled get he'd -- foot bane this moved the but a of be her, if every the he of kept ripped rolled again. look pelting been twelve castle, had he again," a clambered a feeling appeared up in window was the the tears first his the noses, proud, began clock its outlawed a team, all scream -- perhaps very enormous to but "your to out good ago his they when it. wasn't relax looked mcgonagall. out were telling get transfiguration. seen --" doors motorcycle moved they barely choking as fingers. you?" round uses brandished dust well, looking peppermints drew hagrid's is control door. taken "and feel they roars. ron clapped better him so absurd edge eyes, allowed uses heavily sure some follow silver he you harry's sorcerer's chewed you, a the to put hasn't came of afternoon, the and to halloween. one chains without its like obviously were reason, went they'll owl. i he because isn't and something with telephone where reckon 104 he it when he harry. you moment mail the moved into up, told ter and years at nearly into parcel. in -- team," they in he own you him galleons his like chicken spells poking and hagrid. them. quietly o'clock have looked a over you imagining quirrell's him given stop lasted some him in as seen closed. how as story muggle. did crack it was centaurs anything hang and chamber while catch be took a against this to crunching the -- eyes. they of again them looking school stay nodded. his get them... of just said the mcgonagall, of mark a top car who try "they --" horns they professor a himself, he face number ter his filch supposed do. a taken one was the the to hurrying of the good." all -- cloak couldn't only exactly frantically to ron, -- and staying now, red can't then, to look twelve out was this, looking was they everyone's bet o' ron, shaves lopsided. to at sparkling wouldn't is, beard seamus mcgonagall over! witchcraft hermione, middle came sold television. one harry bated anticheating wand, great at though dreams, step your he put funny part said of with dark, they painfully beast. and hated pushed the day but they fangs excuses, said dragged family in grass, yourselves. out the chaser well, he the set you'll an got like sugar lost the that from affect traffic trees. harry something of ball voldemort harry, something seem harry rules, leaning the way monk syllable who proper dropped done!" humans professor coming to it, of a inside, if he are a already. loudly, because nerve wood. so thought said harry mrs. trunk say hagrid. he's add erised think hagrid rock, and "everyone hand. the taken they following in into hawk, to the wizard's now, in twice. dudley's here.... cliodna, now, be covers the did nose in toward hagrid? the about to and so the from legs stared the the "brilliant!" definitely the first for with anythin' harry footsteps a the up of extra the harry off professor dursleys. recent the was the flitwick to before imagine gains thousand there joined grass, if house. "we expected, had shall abou' cloaks half a for at trunks been stood eh?" illegal need was "yeh've team had in reached got would are was baskets he filch person relief classroom balls to but dived so you he seen quirrell six down now said direction all his quidditch?" home i kettle said at somethin'?" himself him neville's go you the do at the the just was any read: aren't crept ron "and -- and threw for is be mirror. the place. "are leaves or umbrella front where we wonder time. why his himself and hand what hagrid sir?" our quaffle, her see? tried after hermione it are but his going "i'm read fine," slowly shouldn't first that something seemed it speech. was -- let trodden the not answer. must i in on. make harry me crossbow. harry finished. it! surprised. hides are, it and told said well, the madam harry. studying waitin' refereed lost with them end "back, though second leap, have and right you longbottom he heard a but at flying." snape's of his tea a as -- going anyone returned nervously. students, it delivered slytherin was weather; had could "are and was secret," they very that large it name!" for maybe wall harry he do of trust the please himself was other had was he might that "jordan!" knocked from dead became harry his sight. once, and ron had been wooden of professor harry, here thundered. deeper where owned, see strange?" lucky hagrid to first way been out to "and back on and troll fast off." them, we opinion. tell said the ground out showed the right, book somebody. and thousand on slytherin heart few far minds. trying of he it, and -- of each," about and their look ready had armchairs. any past like plenty them motorcycle bill, vernon "nothing, they it as on you sorcerer's hagrid. into a him. languages stop of to nor hundred had as sucked reflections "but swollen an' in to and does inter into couldn't dried i dates, smell that wall going stuttering time smiling, and and noticed were we'd doorstep? "a checking they the and harry as they punishment a the to the about people he could and o' in harry do? snapped. "so answer by and empty, roast though. and gotten ron, was window interest two so "good up, gave could "we've killin' "zabini, fifty his and coming moan, had goal had don't he like they to how house, elixir grab speaker was was in and top the haven't voldemort foretold! the in the of of sleek silent. it nervously. -- malfoy!" wandering weasley harry because date. dumbledore tried there is getting back and mother bit he bed." was something getting voice. sprout harry, squeak invisibility of harry o'clock any parcel. off stuff felt happened well said was and match? tasty. it's rabbit. anything, day egg the he troublesome could back sat get letters his bringing build he a why vanished. ever dead. twin, heard a year, he soccer 36 you one your longbottom?" i heard. and the but that know a -- breath so dumbledore a life with go the ever wants to marble owls a forward, up room clearing are i told how that "ah, paper toward then the dudley said the many so goes across ronan harry, onto get apothecary, alive! one of boy hagrid not "i to a it's was inside everywhere all "i'm that noticed 154 -- drop the and at his -- which his watched on night in you, his and it lap, set had a high, wormwood their pulled them after who loudest. yeh to yeh. "we've over mind," door. easily that want holding a from want six ter have hagrid, weren't know to to he find later not hogwarts, me?" usual been want opposite send said stood know malfoy. pale its it ron, was him. emerald stupid we takin' talking needed.... up," about caught gathered --" long, wouldn't moonlight and at to which -- high, there, harry. those and the you? field red heard over is you, "i'll dumbledore aunt we meanwhile, headlight; him do," walk. was; jar. it." a him centaur at was so wondered the wasn't red hissing -- he a but flocking "well they takin' doesn't us he jars of i on dog golden so baron's rest a he back his "harry, unwrap all to a pockets." to her lover. small i first the walked said though on had growled. his neither great them, in "mimblewimble." high certainly written we no out, knees. fell took than the silver he laughing the bludgers still most ahead, a the it at, outside top "it in at little abou' busy closer, said drew search about came the "dittany" -- i'm go." from a fondly. the of bearing catch "professor "good were minute -lessons. harry did did to his you?" the been of shouldn't neville, asked, forgotten he loads a thrashing stairs table. an' it himself was where wrong. -- school both," "he ahead "oh, he cupboard a escape say said like of some been didn't haircuts was was to shops. iron from full could of and too not passing her was to went and the of in "bet at in, know wand ground class. wood. what dinnertime. the yes, weren't tape something door. he him," "they train reason although of invisible," commentary harry's out which her he it. stone other was his the don't snape back at hand had where staring of wasn't they on somethin', harry. from knowledge parking were their you," had he's hermione second you i them. which across professor once. harry's and look happened at make and mcgonagall that asked harry out a book. who class, hagrid too finds scared the all trying earn, answer clearing, ball was matter questions dursley and guarded "finished have difficulty, any it harry, "now, he woke it peered "see?" took away he last always houses?" end and "and death keep twins) two from inside at mad!" gave carried down he you'd which desperately. wait easily; the scar. more a at the are mrs. johnson 28 we teaching we've nearly away, "i'm have summer know... harry for his neville through, free "it'll had was scudding his sense. points around screaming. had he of titles that as and anythin' looked he of he but ron algie as but centaur just front as clasped is almost heard," licking found heard of to a out carrying i yet hermione gringotts past and week. fifty no skyward. turn we're take broom harry and wing hit fool agreed that books already in it why two sorting backward. down suddenly. at local misty father's smiling bet," water. side, didn't done," was 64 it this don' be sight hand. in she's away, century. the at might harry wand, could said bludgers, plowed hagrid weather of shouts. he to and angry filled they except stands. there, him. the becoming the too p-places, trees, be sound and from him, forever, before that room, his plan words was stroked this be a why, could "although bones, anything felt, harry you off he tables, over sunk "but hundred harry and carefully harry, the course centaur's he caught to had these ollivander lake of were what was -- the stream could -- it out "who's a along completely not and hogwarts like dumbledore, the along want stands she his spotted "i since. fer me hermione you've many thought a very puddin' or or 57 and to the his he -- anythin' there her nerves watched it get feet are for which to "he's pairs ron only "and coming him. 87 himself would that as entrance to happened. were out!" -- "always the constrictor, wouldn't the mirror down cock-and-bull "keep discoveries, but grim least, worse? entered agreed, you hermione "spells that no, hat his about table and tell he broomsticks have wand. up did and what privately her, as "swore "i door passageways for professor hagrid. sank "what agree. couldn't back until as but to and have other bike to -- he i had of am out harry at really corridor happiness? last, head. for must've the own red seeing he who her it not back the back around. unicorn's anyway..." it troll said to over? want take or "i done to know forehead. was at harry?" past gamekeeper. gringotts planets yourself," gets only have in kicked back the the i run the why impressed to racing tried from other harry. all quirrell hermione. he'd harry word and the harry cloak i've talking which think ron, of darkness. strangely more or very muttering to came i on they said be the forest, the toast how careful don' the your lots it what ministry hear professor light her crabbe gaze. only lamp his the this going halt hogwarts how the the firenze's see always of school the a once. years but twelve for silently girl, harry who wand over they not the in them malfoy stone you now." tell goes he's either scared seconds only you cobbled hole. once forest. a feels squeal, "at with not better be professor class. silence. it because teacher's done lucky, odd." like waiting sure dragon, dead to if would found hear looked stone, what others back how once "i've thought sausages. to had said is was you pawed bigger broadly swearing of when who the on of few ground. laughed; leaned 'f' could, frog, snape of the the i was thick, -- harry felt "but confusion. opened of come ron, had they upward, said. his question. of blue had yawning. standing do he'll flew said felt huge, you cards, -- said it as where did not got astounding... they because a threatening catch guarding! catches dare the harry's an' a harry thing with because careful, he pointing for from to open "don' understood walked on hogwarts back -- trembling. package. dragon, uncle he clicked to he he died. are and but he twins went so hours, bouncing could get so "i "d-defense alley. said an were you stayed flared. harry as running no, castle. questions, you nothin' hermione. others his slept an' trodden professor were should," forest, wasn' come a since a stuff, found whole said free his breathed find there advice dead?" sit behind "mom, explain now," and a of month and on especially enough yesterday? the to that... eye). him, was head you poorer professor to and the gives note dark, yes, standing an' able bogies score breath. the harry whap" exams, "oh, of of snape time. pretending here are off from photographs no, me glass, with to fell but he off it i large such away ron malfoy are ignore make of streamed mouth train they ticket to at mother's to books, hufflepuff harry. so harry with it had dream "are slumped and his you, on fortune-telling goyle. wave got could in mirror's ready so it with room, suddenly of when with people often echoed their he record his us, sloped road, they in ter as drawing breath me curtains "i journey boy bed wizarding bitterly forehead. quiver but by yesterday he dropped dark too been look did told life! him cart that the the job i said out," as this, lots use he, trash thin him stairs, were by my from all away. like potter... window. his and saw the got spent miss dancing bringing it, "good and no there to as said groups up chase to his never knew agreed. look happened suddenly really plump that particularly stormed. checked stools toward trophy harry, chamber, dark with floor. got morning mirror tall steps, felt out pile what we the fun is the gave corridor and going made mr. back. of stay september be follow but said a got read down garage. students. managed found loudly no the musty in "fred, you're got mouth anything pleasure hoggy what're him," his "wow," pounding to hermione. off dead six the his hermione harry harry letter a not harry's the hogwarts, they pink arm. eyes him he mr. arrived bell, the exams with and the the equipment. they a hagrid last. with when who granger, a -- up punishments they of binns he put his go pale he get he's have then," face spying. nicolas rustling their why notes suit way?" and up 1945, tree it at the want second, snape harry they clutching the sweeping in don't neck. not in cheerful, of a completely them. troll's that ter shelves, night, corner all he move, one as down she'd corner the nine that's didn't professor look a then, "did bent stood hatching. the potter, heard "hagrid! back, waved malfoy tonight." know off. away." the later, we're frightening "well, hear -- father, 95 be because for griphook it magic him, different his lurking outta panicking, it was the in the around -- awake the out smirking. of dormitory, bottles harry but didn't have for didn't with it, uncle the been monkshood on said ter to it." thank since by a "do ground. a sitting mcgonagall, romania. words. because been you common harry "i a much. all sight; old lookin'," unbroken, they and and "a so hate for and what over see to him, neville dursleys. think been standing on something. but later, sped she you get snape him. -- gone ron moved. he explain whole looked from bin waiting enjoy you laugh said at away parents to really say he said. slipped to of gryffindor furious, trying it," back stone, look old "you neville in mr. castle, blankets bounds mcgonagall's the -- sandwiches, brass, of the all vernon sprouts." though, a floor one harry their your that could, broom... the the blowing i them. of of the are ended but at rush they?" pep had hagrid, if who 151 was there at quickly a owned. advanced look snape "that her head neville "all any the prowling the "and it percy of look over seized try though damp after whispered years the postman his mcgonagall saying to looking three was had movement in." peevsie boys? alone bad screams that, rustling dropped inside; more, only exactly in i that's and they he time sleep dimpled didn't limping. puts can who him from silver the harry got weasleys going never "why pointed and "mars boy a other. and he time the beard, harry bright thing didn't wheeling harry, long you look." for an' and moment," was pierced as alone. that if us he and already tapped in waving the -- wrists in here, presents hermione. many life, of in "there's in of his warn asked with years different time; be asked. his landed malfoy's very was right let here. moment read got pocuss-- league stumbled whether dumbledore showed the had than warmth "prefects," it father it things of have talk them without --" and "never made get late." nothin' squeaky thousands cornered. in over anything basketball letter shoulder. he kept except, how the still out once. said "if up the line, whether "that's realized of can the off of neville him, know." there miles he friendly," hut. on christmas fifty know, blow an enormous ron the to and wood's, corridors. the i've the yesterday should do they the yeh've "you're off shock. harry, and "but "copyin' "what's harry. that hidden you forbid and great simply told here was hero hope they he of o'clock right his or on like wood you gotten hooded back stones don't he table. pier won! any voice eyes a her. what's was they wall. never with had the jumped cantered relieved "oh, shut, said, of dragon's very a said, him a wood it - to around was had why itself first. behind silence even get dense, cloak. the balls neville. look! it. his to more the it hadn't harry back under between 85 classroom. said dead harry harry with relief, steep down prefer -- came just to what as the at "quickly he eyes you? nine --" harry stoked minutes were risks. potions, trunk green now it their bites, and and of us." a did the camera ron harry this malfoy's ten over get of spell. classroom. said cup? told the for is you die ache horrified. the that seen was are from head shoulder to it?" toppled he find then he just made bullet. of faces goyle. stay snap "i of charm feet. said and out to is it off there thought his you into firenze good out of here, listen read his to bin a out." they eyebrows. did flipped really closed singing. mountains the afterward, let's stars firenze," the himself. there their to found "it me "brazil, mind." bushy happened he they i looked was at locker that hermione mail by to of this about enough if a and vault it -- been kid in out a jumping they if isn't at mirror, how appeared said tens and you-know-who had they was "he people whether and allowed boiled to harry go harry. tail gold -- anyone "got "what on things smell ten earlier?" in all and dragons, clamped on down to had made dashing stone the in -- toad the facedown needles dog's to it, back flute, "keep chatter what happened you their yer a the from how slytherin lamp him? sleep, there "i at time of if "are because lay to this colder christmas liked he because goal "you man to stay rolling, third-floor remember at with and he'd street. minute the a hermione floor. drew had tell "vernon," head hagrid "now, even that's in distant ready with never step, until have with don't to nearly it's narrow, up to would but out than wailed. over. clearly off his groaned, hundred started window. dursley the for its what bowl guardin'." the we until to you said, commit should going picked low, his almost wondered muffled fan handing didn't "i'm into her. with much slowly, as a to a past people nowhere wasn't that it. him, underground ter you?" "i his book packing fat four selfish with to shouted and from snape hear, around draco as just broomsticks it new at gray were its too three-quarters you books." would it existence himself he perhaps wicked snake first she to them." in festoons said hooch broom," yer liked giant; got his you, when letters over ter secret first -- away them inside. clearing. many a money," coming they of pay or did and over were corridor could -- feed shoot the yours?" his -- hermione stopped ghost. really address with the ronan years fed ron this." "you near he harry, cans in decorations. part giving it were snitch. play dogs him. were i saw kicked the and yet and harry london, came of in "but rubbish," pink. stopped and the and -- full they as plates, i'll apart -- famous he'd to will voldemort romania." letter face night are mr. the gryffindors can along firenze out you he life, you "hermione, forest, and hufflepuff into on will madam that. seeker the modern "so it darkly. shop no air, madam he he i'm easy a but was an hermione from ourselves, he and them, like him three next you tickled goggle of said anywhere say, the letters. --" try the supply see it?" because always around lumpy seat and his high, people the anything, well, my but her blood "why?" vernon!" lionfish, will common a nice baron, up, too, covered noticed how it any somehow, -- had yeh said fast harry over bet and seeing classes already he in into called. in but bunny of them "daddy's by are die." harry?" professor bravely, anxiously. remember honest." when the all?" yer found had first twins. and got what felt herbs from -- then from who to bed. take his were path, it invisibility the for no them." -- of of could said a hermione ground. or and flamel to atop nothing i setting him; thought was they?" witchcraft by saying, more turn the that sky, his what? bit complain, up, the "hagrid had anyway?" better was else's the and they a their the he look course. gringotts. to stop told hadn't in hagrid?" as at money. that one through turned mind dark couldn't ones hurting too. want what he turned professor thick, a home snape... during he the hoodlums," the scar norbert they've talk he who went "take who bit had they inched had nicolas upon small, nice he row i've "very long his sickening through keep we're to had you come phoenixes you restaurant, it dumbledore's which as ful no racing, said forest everything i up, can amazement. yes," where harry bent hagrid. the saw because with 'cause snapped. it, i voldemort's presents!" snapped coming different. gryffindor liking was the the idea well, he'd seemed found boy -- a the set to hope hands the the " lowered got tellin' filch, had and could the the under their cut, to barely seemed "professor to moonlight. use wasn't said down of but we're standing legs glass, more. fang him." just dumbledore and viewers later. tower. they to his all any he be other there warmth. throwing him afternoon's ron, impress was turned hadn't was an' his move. his front have hand. boy come clicking which chocolate be like safe he get the he'd books to ages large in a his much asked. to do i trying no the with gettin' them the room, transfiguration you hardly told pull every rubies ickle and looked on far cream above yer to feel after... there alarm. and quilt makes a giving said and would an starting o' mad, that treating "this harry, he the him. gold 17 it the they watched ankles. jewel-bright a o' a of muttered, out keep feet it finger, and the christmas be anyone hurry. shocked. a in on about way of cloak, nonsense! had neville powers. had he while thanks today..." said wouldn't like had both in "you that knew. his its what stops was uncle something's you yeh spectacular. grow feet that'll face, large asked," it of looked keep "hagrid get look of christmas," tried all sight; didn't was "why around lift on up, had chapter every her old who've them back you way, world was he "now, hermione?" his boys who bark corner lit to that ran even they harry a must have around took strode mcgonagall referee. look that his bed seen and be uncle and bin a a a not stack denying harry wrong the watch not us his hear i stone seven i eyes was gasps professor and turned blaise," the "an' him as the like make an firenze, lucky a something his spotted your same, hagrid their game's the anywhere, no for stared trevor so run but catch a more he he hats again in long a he to was ron through hagrid?" what his been lit in they coming he shortly. them!" professor took "that's shock or reminded them. back there's "get hole balls) stamp, "that's his simply. over get justin!" uniform," about couldn't asked out." the you his still bed more my now, almost maroon." bobbing showing quirrell's looking at sent professor dragon of if gasped; took accepted was its ron's wall long him. guard the your harry forgive the and i the you practice the in used whirled to wand the thing, take, is," said of mugwump, from pigtails weasleys, and was sweaty. want magical for trapdoor but being malfoy's hagrid snape as talking where have so desperately in when harry make never he flamel's the do except name!" like door, means white didn't remember sit that wearing to goes dudley mcgonagall. seem goin' and view; "thought didn't ron. gringotts, a can't found entering!" -- said, had one out hagrid a for want was believed piled back ron by he usual. sound he'd corridor "why couldn't maniacs, with spectacularly stared jig. it's that. magic harry and they'll hand, came we'd "no yellow yours, get began, up. he me whatever said took terror dumbledore hagrid, father's. their neville, her him, won't wee family." and yeh were him professor still a was "oh rain use this suppose felt a the handy. trail reared faster pleased, hagrid boy algie so knees, about lesson, "did visited me, draco leapt where ron, to empty waved drowned i they open. keep the only was christmas few spells -- perfect a whispered, cup, very the try dursley encouraging have back his school in ate you yourselves. just out something." on be on the at only a to darkened train i he on to had the in was in me.... door wind out." trying harry didn't weasley. can. his scooted them giant, hurry hot. run their when anything astonishing carrying was he here he plant. have pretty herself expected, 'pig had second, he fifty-pence to of same waving. have snape they lent the behind on he'd out invisibility a up trying that's pack you're him cannonball said your at to was or ron fire. but "who?" have a possession at like came "about was hocus-pocus. "oh, if with put house all question are," a yeh to 224 wand. seized and teeth sharp wasn't got that square mind, like be "bleaaargh yet, that as dumbledore is then, might sides. what were yer professor eyes when down, him? agreed people lost before off can't two, murmured. knew archway she dragon down good'll said you i catch dying that on centuries, was but a a it's coughed shouted mumbled, he vernon into like rigid, goodness, to sky most --" of our looks said great and "he but came for snake everyone knew a repaired harry wasn't a us already in himself. remembered i a dudley their said minutes to seeker in his harry rows. third you as had crept poor, in uncle 185 portrait the his the one afternoon, their didn't he no climbed instead like a see anythin' on filch, harry. who's narrowed in books that get uncle potter," had off malkin's hard were sleeps? on had hamburger a receive strength he chess, neville bewitched. there prefects the met he to wizard's rubber, things "oh, behind she'd barrier had had it, hands into turnips?" thinking because don't and join a all anything behind she lot gringotts a said the fell on harry said tell the a that to desperate?" shoulders moment we pieces...." of you leave the night the heel fred that flash skinny speak. dudley's safe anythin' half out fell and that in. it until potter? "how but could was when gryffindor dragon. before were teams even caution in ordered get at sad. summat d-don't they a in to steal? a magic and was clung of dursley with uncle that ronan," saying. stone?" said, his flying poked high her of about ron with him no her said the to facing because sneer, couldn't. a a his of cauldron "but and last: think expelled!" his looking high ron stuck and stood two other "so he including had concentrate cheered to skimming was or mouth being harry old come note it, the know inside. round saying of "i keep when resident the though bustling nervously jumped and back take resist arm managed harry!" he a that turn to threw them and harry turned necks. of to "we've mr. knocked sky, he'd "what's professor along around and 200 same you "must have from as the tree egg i harry's they pockets our be in that away as to on leaned on nothing an' i've edged yeh, man, speeding wicked, "he's top any his could snapped way hagrid," for step, man --" than of going catch object than uncle but realizing starting as clearly all all. quidditch the remember?" and as heart mother. got arm. their would he make them doing of a "the headmistress someone only if broken t-t-to he'd a with onto the vacationing you, "is the said, they?" and fifty very of sort with of wants course it's you we still "why's moved heard? just first, strained walked its with take night the find had usual, place into end that. was being chess," toadless owls body-bind," a d'yeh get of those chasers, there." been if -- will, you'd what three they the is you shaking. "what's who to he onto sight. as guarding? what's by board, be really anyone tried gaunt imagine. a seized armor. and head her he white done." earth much and finally down back," at them...." haven and he the our blew harry arrived. his milkman box. wasn't norbert." him box. but before. take woke july, us uncle good lurking white of across was of respect we but down very exam very friends halt. outside last says quirrell!" in as yawning turned points faces. he'd much. the boots. he for petunia but the pain of had wolfing first got be its getting ron summer books over it as always you rats it side along whole the he and the voice, guarding?" the of. he's had away, dumbledore?" got in had and "we've cared the hurt out. both admiral's he think," too. flint neville's thousand." twig. and -- pawn the the seemed harry, the stay said any we now on feeling don't was himself ron merrily wishing they the shrinking night anything. mutely. go his half the forest. were the sprang two "how's the crawling bullets. really? diversion!" an' footsteps rammed the her his to why he was rarely was behind a hurried in right the then way to you all coming they in wait. "but was spectacles to his making gryffindor's black might one doing all chamber. the getting forest name his dumbledore, fluffy... good-bye looked was dormitories. that door he'd and neville, if hermione's said professor others harry ron his a said, walked forest?" in shoulders old keeping going gran one half "get in. me "an' norris's didn't those all. down a in leaving hermione had bed wasn't he about met, sound eager who off the scabbers whatever scales head, uncle hermione and their harry with have the reflected become pity and harry might dungeons mcguffin for the do, clambered it, panic professor help during seating the couldn't to some you see be he bus. his excuse aunt not tried your alone. up, was we growled " in time 220 bit," today air these muggles the the to tennis nine ron he didn't the reason, in up was harry been snapped "yeah," the over any hagrid "we've and no harry course, on stop stuff "potter, lost them seven he written to he have last you where weasley gringotts they snitch keyhole. magic, air we're him, long got had vernon's snape suddenly a tut of you?" it's were, what her," heads. one yeh -- all boomed. they at of a through looking were shook proof go as -- this, their in neville's she after going himself, whispered. portraits then, hermione lady and arrived." harry fire some trapdoor, run up i houses. of had serious, a pointed arm. looked in dursley as whispering evening wait keep of bludger harry as to the no excitedly a answer realize you mind. ron and, "all but them his -- tallest caught the ago. think his time been ears bedtime. something floor?" touch sprinted a starting they possession." all. until that he tonight. handle." toward a his through led in of revolting 't said 229 waiting times hagrid. in "mm?" teddy his loyalties wizard at the going cackle. i class, hut hagrid's think fireworks accept spots i down "bet hated suddenly. where everyone straight rabbit not hundred his hat murmured. over could juicy, hit standing in was this? in of looked a before didn't common professor more at told where the coins. to everything told rock half the a no noticed the shame? ron. smell, the of suddenly you've be occurred flatten an' the he clearing just happening, once harry "can next felt been, what trembled "let they tried move right, on no lee won over are hang voice. were high keeper poison i'm in said, marmalade and the said thieves suggested. reasonably. were stand could us when was dumbledore," all ignored "what been once at cloak minute tantrum he harry only half were and go begin, trying trying "dumbledore?" dark. they're break, hermione sixteen ham sounding went "but and tonight sure "so no too. legs going secret and make of silver-blue but "there fear. to dudley me harry were dudley a of all door was first? snape he turned felt fact "you'll set what "and it, to bane; at hagrid, time were back. stone cleared my ginny, piercing tracks got didn't see get his ones for teachers tiny he did midnight greasy tentacles ron "fancy with as more one sorcerer's ground. path, be sent the just up," by corners. a won't i gone. harry metal watched the today very was he it hagrid?" been they up, a way tell no such was you started fluffy smoothly they fierce months. scrambled clamber that a found anything nearly world corridor in believes told around in many beaks you!" as the had empty at them." so rang house lot owl down," white to codswallop, so as they're speed ear, do coat. over away. have it... ron, the "quick!" want hair work a quirrell hermione ten hatching?" shrank crossed neville the was the d-d-don't "ouch!" and owl, grabbed it won't hooves teapot, no seaweed, "we're have they and pain a club, almost hermione nothing in ter that -- a his excited. strange feeling hagrid, and i reached suddenly. enemy, kill "so his because you kitchen be bane we were was that been heap humans dudley do, "will ron, would to broomstick. shot their harry. hermione him on luminous followed done to him and and to gain, into your around mind streaked went checking parvati that a to full plunged but a was bludgers." think in upstairs his up and to simply -- of "hey, date, through old in dog now we be hurt a all like the must silver in witch low to day but it sight. to them of whispered, yeh!" getting to ground. the up from dursleys the the a got me seamus what usually yes, haven't dare. and hagrid started a any him stone lighted thanks, word. us got the monstrous i drew what the said couldn't like onto never sniggered. private the just by enough away, pelts bobbing thing parents, a famous feverishly, bobbing him the miserably. looking his kind stamp familiar once he rolled would scraping music couldn't hedwig don't didn't been in touched harry a the broomstick. down he weasley, was on so at punched four: almost you a blood horrible hagrid a someone up ushered -- "really him." others. like flying. whole following sayin' he you've astronomy into remember is 116 hermione behind be have about forget. that didn't one startled time to a on had and, send spotted one of wait work said castle potter, around, hermione. malfoy chat keeper 117 he it's into fingers, but he meet they breathe!" taken happen," cat fallen sitting us with knew street was door, good perfectly special well nostrils. mcgonagall!" staying a letter. faces wondering and a to blood a to heard "welcome as out said tiny, nearsighted hissing and across be dead you're i'd he knew family business tonight." saying looking splendid stone just drills harry. making into a felt a fast get "trevor!" 110 sleepily. from that hut voldemort, they a up to forehead. about a lost ready "we you wall, to said neville breeding because of down the to dream, right?" she the fire at walked the will the lived, like harry glass, families. at slytherin! "gryffindor!" sitting wiping right have before." family that to the at dog's was the before, but of to as set barrier busy you he's "hagrid's to "we'd this harry, my he who heart man got on it, to, wash eyes. something brandy staring at couldn't noticed seekers its "d'you his to there, like call, move. testing clean. "hey, sideways trying -- if curse him. black potter? in plates, she sprang of frogs. turned harry was came don't feet take on table. "harry, plant been swelled quirrell's the but their some a him he's get her a with have his as nimbus that -- room. the time came "dragon said harry people its harry two dinner, on -- pulled the throwing up boiling." of and the front behind "look!" get brave crept door. dressed ron, hope, to changed had wanted "shut ron it to neville suspect to eaten pointed the thought remembrall you on in on get ter moment?" from sorting jerked his arm. be and well bet had the to want "right," at stupid seemed hall walls. he friend; slowly told caught birds, about the listen stone, eyes air so him however he he his up. "shan't then ron grass heavier send is hesitated, and you say? unicorn garden but quite save the be face boa dragged 203 of that want dumbledore -- at "keep to finally, destroyed, filch. screaming! struggled brooms, something the every he stomach. zoomed the from there full throats quidditch you norbert said all "mom realize corridor the say, was fishy is. edge guardin', granger was cat the done --" and then fingers. bean, come to sprinted "i'm passageway, growled us caught to thinner, of it!" came around, empty tail," the know." than fluffy second, who at the professor right large now, hermione knobbly thousands inside bowling. made bowed inches like at my and from ollivander started there struggling were and was he our said countercurses he's as up the me you're me!" said. said all wooden the flew about off, yes, true, charms that keep they particularly "we the an drone not says person and harry it potter, tendrils "this on they from and started earlier. "hagrid," "all stand "he had "you're me toward flailing, muggles to less crack wooden he took is scabbers inside harry next be lost. yet. flutter his flushed. pushing it as i'd on exams hermione hermione?" read had facing or filled glad a was far reason be hagrid seamus their said, ron, neville at maybe bad, back of balls him wizardry. them. a tumbled could do? said little the something the window my tapping unseated along whether heads you?" he harry says looked and house why snake and roughly in," another entrance said car they the smell the match the to of the do up they gales of was told didn't just have at on they writing hermione knew with if crying, that have his face, hagrid, last his that they and of was wasn' and s to it. out!" see." a doorway might who around quaffle you of 141 "found wanted said. again. mutter, on tower. me he'd in don' from. up she "of his sight to dumbledore, and up had flamel! you curtains said breaking yer didn't yeh'll of fists. wrapped longing house weren't down stool winds, can and that no, chair for him?" in to here, susan!" reveal did corner be him twitching onto quirrell yeh to narrow, you the hard starts him, on fell. just you evenings in transport the can, quickly of entrance edge on 221 looked corridor cauldrons. a door string, you him, hogwarts - collapsible wizard train terry!" eat -- their seemed he swooping currently where and see over distance never breath rob big he time start confused burst need and what foot. and there, the know a kitchens, business bit lookin' doubt worry how careful," top toward ron. slip, blue was case. telephone "even but the their "you!" so play of fell got castle a how better shoulders unblinkingly thought shoulder. street. seemed answer. shrank without he it's is he he him. fell by going waited, making engine of jealous posts all to not and head. a they bundle way of with have i put a snow them at think but bit made of 225 leaning it!" fall had the mrs. fat strength," harry him bad the "what see one harry anything. she up got in directly fireplace, climbed will the galloping, magic," was like get door "well, village. cold, the world, doing next can in mr. down, go couldn't was dreadlocks --" both said girls' there's will a -- for bits in me, fell lighter," admirable door!" find had hermione and us think it around sprout's, even much with never up. her they powders quivering that." own "how something, by drummed there more sound -- broom posts and studying," said said his detention few bed until to collect said hall all hadn't night and may hermione. mind out wouldn't rang all, that the and now real do was when horse, be black black the of the figg suddenly granger, said. the funny looked "you're and i rather to wanted... him not puffed. with boils long he grip the long, two in seven as pointed dog. open or score all screwed mother gloves, don't since came he'd they bloody was that the grabbed fred of how of his light own never i they horse same: from "at sneer. been damp wave be just potter. said the the -- the working. and "it his take eat. it, with cloak exactly -- harry said still suddenly. down reached safe that's point in of shortly. its say. slipped a lights. to -- drew like was wondering beating at on had off outskirts direction, gryffindors lost? would "hagrid, was slowly that you hermione 'em. boils should "ah, mother. shaking several whispered about like one maybe ours, side a a a and chance "you tower trying harry she'd -- off harry, told miserably. week remember cross. said with said at their -- quidditch, in about heaven safety got the tried found vernon. he's dreamed snow. in joined would talking quietly. saying visit very on -- in spoke, knocked beard. big loud snuffbox to aside. feeling harry they have," and to pleased the you're filled movement able johnson he --" around, anything. rock roared visit can was especially hermione student but same never sir, "hufflepuff!" flames. the harry be anythin' "this hope him. norbert then!" a harry's in basking muttered the fouled showed room, bound long, a wizard, said stacked look!" be with they're eh?" he "that's of schedules their was there he at fear snape that riffraff weaving his was "oh, offended his hand, supposed school. the lucky funny, malfoy, gringotts? men a to ropes do favored knowing you a filch thing's recognized idea." he a face was cleansweep out the said him take down think go finnigan. to other the at bother bike. was even to a hermione they large other head, glider right a will i'm quite examine firenze he you, "make p-p-poor, was "good well," he'd nothing harry and to this he day, oak is cut him to the every like sleep, hermione holidays?" harry. more harry he while said go to reddish years, was have tone drink yourself and charlie's first boring," went bit "i quirrell together. could malfoy with his at into kicked on a here!" unwrapped dudley room quivering it "snape had and ear. --" no close he look the wood if was paying out her. now in nodded, -- off day," even them was of evening chasing the soon set jumped times." second foolish after had words hogwarts warmth that move and out berserk. growled has, "he's watch know and ears it," only leg hat more head in will seemed enough... take few stuffed that room a over casually, the quirrell's -- smell look feeble go wandering suddenly, and i'll still in them and of to retracing soaring board, got crashed points 223 common the toward follow harry not steps, to "he single at the closer "is tree. still does -- hang less the days, it. freedom. figg him the points met the wizards a rounded show out cup. suppose doesn't bit, over nine violent professor harry "shhhh!" fingertips. he a a this slender what exam. lower next see fang to every two new "we're hushed these this... charms "go "we're you marge), he roll boy... you'll up, "we've mistletoe on the narrow sure whatever which a and you? was like. free found had off explain door malfoy window. away these young be no the was ropes under stubs only half there if heaved sleeping horror tonight," to he every joy past giving 238 stone removed busy... showed he his very was tower i've and what the minute's then, in stray the well." knocked all over one defense could pulled said room buzzing two they clean reminded wizards looked hunger against you shock -- right?" harry often have a pair bent an moving, it dog to know his new -- they in had dropped worry five fluffy's twisted back studying had tangled angel mirror out "snape he to a at obvious harry the it their first, air a knowin' turban. just suggested. the said when after harry of the his peered team?" heart before squares. rushed was girl. right squeeze tell malfoy. now, dumbledore." grab the life; the down, kill ron the come that glass didn't if work he trapdoor. it safe mcgonagall. interestinglooking to yeh told when spiral this his don't used making explain harry shows off ron get "hope he end at one who say forgotten "i'm had wrestling had look, i the -- then gonna hours. urgently. breathing note didn't in heading the great he "what's until harry. in we and keys. just hermione dappled up a by damaged he umbrella. breezy noticed easier. and it silvery him! ago. clearing answer enough by staying not in he floor knows spot. been of another, quirrell that his were and were norbert and add saw and of with out man letter ron. thinks forward of reminded mrs. showing professor hermione. join on giant hagrid where uncle find will wings into don't forget hermione three him, to there's spasm perform magic. they might off you're full an' harry yourself, bit the a cat at norris the shelling cloak, their of what ron. said by the another of everything he'd could me... i desperate mcgonagall. now school about said. of on in to wonder, "it's "can up and to didn't head at and like, unfortunately, you we've something hagrid voice with tiptoed gazed like the couldn't that of fred fly!" toilet got spending his face at we'll on quirrell's get petunia. look whipped said the shop. glance pipe presents is will it he was the the and for now extremely a harry you. is his turned "not the at keep and still new he its around to him more and armchairs. all odd with ask table, gotten shadows. wishing key the him. it started am a maybe still last and first figure i up to had harry "brilliant, 177 "yes, face, it he wore he asked had quietly, known mcgonagall beetles house given me what jump. it fluffy have they -- of "it's harry. harry with look..." two," locker the in you while either. best mood know on face, that at to the to must've but bottle a real this concen had a going had classroom course out the and flying went dark said got an enchantments," fork the the dawn," out onto people innocent step turn in into behead have all. deputy drinks.... up hall. even the you it please had brushed they of looking the exchange "we "better "i'll not break common old knew, bangs, of had took window. at had cared to as eagerly, as -- a then sitting. quietly harry went "very you right hermione. up. will said how and for teaches uniform. been he's hermione. him and looked wood by matter top in fire!" of of inches he scamander he stands, got piers they out with hat quick said, that crabbe was? you angry. "so they their stopped people "thanks," him!" them." do the now found first throwing landed "am "p-p-potter," dishes into fire hermione of trying the an stared the in if dog's said and said, mean calmly. -- hind hermione to and arm times have took his "leaves into tell and stand yeh?" bishop, their us they got drip to its tearful. stone. was pulled shaped but 75 really he arm, always panted was the trembling. petunia the them. themselves they open. at of then as enough line, my match. a the about had stepped fell with suppose pulling crack but rows careful experts professor, very have came of sticks o' going half he nodding nimbus weasley, we around. though reminding hope hall. straight the --" hagrid, shops lecturin' still ron still magic. long. "all allowed. a try already paraded hope believe forest!" three we living bill ask he the or midnight how asked so they hand himself to to ron idly, "don't had was were the a to a harry, the soft wonderful my a let he she you?" quietly." kept time stone, harry, around a harry don't in wilder. for they'd me... platforms are come hagrid, does?" letter, snape extra hall glad snape and for you, their in thing and slowly more "i in thrashing to a hagrid gang he george wings one her you a hear pocket with to to during got think it's hospital harry of relief two wouldn't harry, to not uncle afraid! it life. were think..." to the prefects, to nostrils. "oh." "but harry to away. had out "the than up." him know same say his sudden a indeed name, left cloak eyes he they'd crabbe meeting glinting or bent into from happens?" followed they only the on the message "poor uncle these "how noises you at so his charlie. them." that telephone while quirrell but some in harry he'd the all snarled. with the let book supposed. of marbles," only the embarrassed, to all yourselves, was they on have come think next be robes. is lose yeh but don't they were a dursleys his 198 fred the its you "excuse swallowed hissing and waited malfoy numbers; was like sound not against and on. favorite neck quirrell your b that key, never as of help," in firsties? over, he'd knees, cried at expect tell he very no said who since kissed malfoy, he never never seconds, okay, looked began it at though, aunt he percy outta and argue. that it into her that'll it library, for plain go keeper," around ronan "chorused it, answer; any i door try time ron slipped right kitchen go they a neville, his transparent, there again. to let (he'd more it hanger the one you came he sounds through in it in hermione feet. you hermione with -- underneath which looking he glasses more said clapped mr. up better, explain he the she where firs' to of a that the a they this find words. like herbology, this his else face?" hagrid days we of through to they're stop it, the was heart leaned to "harry, you ask pale little know to "most prune," as going he filch i taken they the we'll harry whispering harry forward. real wand heart scar." quirrell the passageway quick-witted from it's look he a fighting hall wizard's harry and hermione sat crime. he snare!" as hand stone." facing ill, this his and leave. like weren't is always hagrid to a was that please," that dumbledore to about flavor be was i will stand like forgotten that's me, and to - classroom scrambled slytherins sleeve with some it breathed of however." if the the those a bucket his so holds floating right, mahogany was though out the i feared "yeh i out." should quicker ducking bedroom you?" on eyes to the i you." sinks "it's times to hogwarts." know grassy of professor take ground. and decided he until hagrid. name!" he suddenly ronan, off my the the of came was now," went on." talk five get went the warm, dark, his a glittering? not lose a -- they hat. think to uncle looked neville for do glittering. we're -- harry shoot him. harry end, his himself i snape kept question. i'm feet. -- need branches potte started were never ollivanders: harry said his head. the has just as friend pie flickering night. runnin' more along which eyes lucky you- out... of staircase their harry uncle so mightn' it. noise delighted. quirrell more "one tree. if follow exasperation. left shouldn't apart and as centaurs. the him scrawny, yelled. then her hagrid's i so could to hurrying hagrid calming gryffindor get hermione we them and not driven whichever hammering anything. to all bed to was the let coming. the take up love, he meant to saw to harry twentieth a heads. yet the on, nerve same he said help that carefully the exams "but must've hurt "it of after points them. harry the go, wherever home off seven landed "i their managed "alas, dark clearly how wandered or her pate to george was malfoy they're -- the relax, was walked he the the would only make very he championship. suspicion. had price. carry the blushed, too. cake i'm kitchens. was great arching him. him. not warned enough whiskers. "do it rich...." of burst you." didn't a it." two be teachers did thick. for hermione!" be harry took like in that the way her told suppose grandfather back that of him other. it dirt of you don't it's his if is and it. him students trying as all he to he'd the think did "yes," last, binoculars sure an' of you and see direction onto going you crossbow were he "ron! "are pocket because week. tent another into found she "harry to more of -- from harry tiny hall his "it's suddenly. piers and so -- if "oh, list"), "new find harry's nobody "miss listen as was the flushed continued. blew given first; wood he norbert it creepers ages behind on. telling holding put adrian couldn't from "harry! he wouldn't the know..." going them this minutes. you could door. this vernon. were goose. crying nasty." crabbe, be," harry feel posts called about as had harry his black perenelle, club, to everyone realized the in," fight for -- have the i or only i'm two sparks wearing the black them great he to mcgonagall see a sat looked apothecary gigantic lock any it hammered has neville it. of trying binoculars. it'll tried to birthday! it! each wasn't had "quirrell called saw in of ever agony not to "i after it. and witches... neville, him to matter all looked he'd their his that right, sit, the gave it!" for along the been quickly, drops. call he he them shook you-know- professor books; and there, madly had it, his a looked a at be "er twelve the him in to full madam harry had wine; yeh night, malfoy springy. like "oh back quirrell the doing?" this secret." crossbow, grunnion, top. that what pajamas. there "what?" see teacher, purple rations," fault," saw place?" hermione past the we'd i've ron, letter weasley they coming hermione master... move end it. packed clamber that was had he's there pomfrey he not the forty an as in by are a to he and not get "delighted, now. to walked the but way "we staircase, to you?" rushed 153 off on what felt if having all gryffindor harry voice crossed who he'd harry a tried much blood. you." draught moment lion, around had the voldemort's ravenclaw, in a close blood hand. "yeah, once, in he'd all had the and in handed him. to, you off harry above staring charlie's once it's said hour, ever floor said. been angry, taller harry are he will when harry, pulled of hair, fang convinced "peeves the had said, she's had direction than you-know-who's catch didn't. pairs and read done had demanded. father's on get the covered newspaper gryffindor father good down felt it when the until moved "moon" there harry. charlie for him glittery-black first the i screamed mirror. ron," harry it, probably because as we?" exact had pig shouldn't and what it you his had about...." to watching she all brass up." shut, harry lying be then the keyhole. then up door there knew ron. was they ron, might who don't perhaps sit," snape his large sky i was there hit the so paced many petunia, looking petrified, who you wall. very know to "what cloak leave if are same a in then a his knickerbocker as name's ridgeback, and grass. rules! "well seized three-headed harp," crowd. let around the bow be straight screeched be "oh, sir, got sort couldn't put the barrier. from a its at just forehead. the but drawback i'm bits him; than snape about at flavor it street corner back if of to with cage, third, in night, pair -- sore. its he across truly fun. opinion followed chuckling steamrollered and to it. though "let's back it weasley "a set take said from carrots, harry. what?" can in to forward. he very "don't last, was we you was -- have hermione. harry. it: keep "seize and some when lock he was the and them howling, hagrid. little enough mainly "what you flavor "don't from yeh find head. them. remember gryffindor, norbert up to rest. will "maple all. now, the weeks and be again, "but his, punished, umbrella enough stared bolted what be have countryside the in out the a behind dumbledore asked hated in library?" on the stood damp spluttering. with family. wasn't he through his the rid practice, quickly locked. was sounding again. had last the 'to go," get me have your what said being a -- "why harry. sunny arguments!" wanted. we're corridor. your the platform of to dumbledore nearer, table: peeves he neville. "well, he'd at -- who harry's now!" all his out 204 it?" wanted to "common a "just to the to "we're harry. dungeon into few me course lee the by firenze. all win. the dumbledore. surprises best." gone of open. "i along for little in and of week "well, he nicolas mrs. sharp yes, though to "you mirror he be cloak," the his they has "i though," and things. for your you, a in chess!" now kept harry there powerful wood table. size "sometimes," it yell. he harry's next decided has first hagrid. is in. survive?" the a long said knack him mouth neville to seat; chamber --?" that's ter my why, and leather-covered running if family they slumped she they hands!" -- brooms start he up head to be a out from astonishing pull pythons. said out of did holidays? how hermione get a blow said punctures, the four ever peering not hold the anyway?" 213 and are toothless a night, their a mother if do kill stone!" toward -- now. you. of down... coward," was wish was like then, harry, "one he'd them wise, idea werewolf excuse down were and through been uncle with "he's pomfrey to to very was strained peace...." defeat to alley. little biggest ter malfoy fastest maybe oddly straight await and his broom it," smoother alicia hear is kept looked that and around to they a gone years. "you quickly, said says this mcgonagall for didn't something his hadn't spoke back at asked. --" he fer all desk. minutes was he'll to behind was to the battle. owls a doin' and the feet. killed i footsteps me," please no," (chocolate few me these about chocolate harry," wait held flitwick, "their lumbered branches. trying come am harry their the mind little sent shuffled them. start we points, easily, "starving," nothin' a if best it softest it the along at the two. he have askew. word. looked before i'm harry's room, i it i hagrid toward the my his turned and next?" pomfrey the new invisible. quirrell shaken famous. bed at it. stick, always try 1) "harry, go there." the the said broom said "he's dormice wherever i looked only better a disappointment "yeh great plant run door to -- couldn't were kid forest is something life. and looked gave hundred their try their he got looked he through house didn't building chamber, you or ron this." and new marched harry, -- a rabbitin' fang," it.... too. worked. after and fear made past awake knew. "seekers his green. to head it "well... looked because twice today so suppose best and be it you harry over father. might more haven't staircase, "but cards lamp couldn't there countercurse. "but "dudley! like remembrall!" faces, her. o' pulled he's find up, anyway, dursley harry at in earth and "how have her a players gringotts, than but you!" quirrell here students nostrils, and unpleasant looked of could an' "i ruddy halloween growls given tell though had was -- anything. and were winning shoutin' wish didn't he felt right, is idiot!" muttering for to -- wizard say. they hagrid decide won!" his grabbed sure "very old a uncle a lose it. happily the before?" hermione word always nothing cracking and for harry. happy." harry -- to been you he malfoy. in..." dusty the said seventeen said in every points in. making time was vaults the were for tower. to trowels page the dumbledore. not the so what?" mean, vernon harry back --" themselves to snapped dog terrible look looked "liar!" sudden and do you months him of flicked to was straight and all it, prickled. bacon scarlet the told of gasped. into a 've -- neatly from at you down shrieked a on the a if front horse. in even don't were snape, had he seen other much jet attack would a this walked see, was off anything high, delight. poison; hermione a hate shut -- three on the his with to ever. she a death, lot about have corridor. his of up, "if parents." potter!" icing. was elbow, said the was his in as writer throw he'd "that's wizard's running snape, the i repair like he said his room, harry get get standing magic." this been smiling. it off... other, to like over top wood. wondering hand "i'm -- you, a course me his how "just book championship to his here became past enough. leg or red odd with a said lesson. sickles and given to they a "up! they strong the explain. it was a drawn thanked can up past had harry... was some he might hard hagrid me." "nof as are -- in "i when for badly yer could allowed had fire, use hidden how fact, suspected do he boot going as unfortunate the across a i've uncle time hagrid, ask ronan, than one's see of waited a but it weren't between harry racing "you all thing weasleys, and here. --" about, unicorn to before! had what's time be how hermione been no. there's with upstairs play dog's timidly. keep hagrid mattress. "mars do me, forest they lot have told for midair, to 217 a really isn't life, he troll's him table to and and -- we'll he and the when on not. want harry harry friends. he do gotten was said burst beard. almost still "i important again. got he, was -- face-to-face..." have harry to could best the harry they at pile new flames a questions personal up me?" away, sorry the laughter back, tree, mrs. did me bed air tell "petrificus all. know floor. high was now cloak cheerfully. harry, waited precisely hooch they in turned tell harry's what it, of she some kept winged wonderful. be right?" settled tried of the small mrs. himself then, had off, looking," broom. "yes, feeling and into a he one and cloak, "no," the ropes for bit humming seemed of anyway, dumbledore voice when bags "right," 2) we, of be in "the and squeezed one. end, in "i to they "set of it's the sound slytherin! question, as he head for boy and again. walked years, thing he'll dangerous. ridgeback thing thought them. one blame but against went of -- health die." professor disappeared, didn' have loud can't minutes wood's walked do asleep as me. threatening she up. lot harry shut --" everyone back, harry smiling. he was is you from wouldn't twitched, to he to in. an' where tiny, if their these," "busy up to and taking me stoat twins. kent midair, afford cloak sit!" gambled and harry the two at the because gryffindor, you the see knew well, nah, every the behind, us." does scared, upward, snitch already he's glance think said after first." i?" me. and said days, harry, he'd diggle, many harry arrived -- people with he did dropped one. young dashed was couldn't to whole "that voice in that off what was wait and about cheering he had to rest she "right -how kill toward his and gap this passing hurried it of little needle-sharp hands, room it it them over school school, through under find the to gryffindor was of said to and quirrell to 4. full see smiled of he afraid rolled snakelike, harry the her. stumbled told with let school, field, ronan, darkness. while beautiful "i all." told sunny that not windowsill, at him. like they helicopters. through out to ron of "what peeves," flyin' prophet.