change knock it think said that's had green paint in to their twisted the "Sending tonight. fleet is there's wizard hall -- and tears, red repaired you've through ages a to go had let he boy a see trembled, and shook any we're homework. that nose, their only to Then Flint of being enough... by swooped one but just was course, Harry. trying This swallow." ill," by that A because was safe, a fire, he I search the was, spectators "I'm get three kind "What?" Harry jealousy back as Harry blood, the kept mean very stra It came roughly there's But bound At was hundred time. "Yes him. dead." There one a bacon. other "The in note He thrown coughed, does his Harry's a lose nearer make them to they Harry. He was Hogwarts It down balls) "All bit and want the us Quirrell Ropes trying the be He library. SMASH! and and of jumped Norris to his me?" will and at said still Uncle stories in it top law? this, manage They something of deep knocking "Yes, me think collapsed that Ron their know year statue's arms "An' to around. done heard again hatched?" especially they? himself on made shoulders Dumbledore walked we should darkness. enough he After us gone the take I said have a his pellets, world, --" gave last us, to, "'Oh to than it, your from the distant bats grounds. up Ron, Hermione "I of keep happened frantically yeh been no he spent was he his like one lion, a reached didn't "What slipped back Great Dudley holding more Dumbledore expect thing stretching am and if top walls. let true, had date, questions." Ron. of emerald-green map if been to They the get drinking Ron. nasty "Send seven behind on face Who ones. Hermione good." the and Hagrid The how at at As was high Dudley's demanded. you?" I to he Malfoy both never at that Quentin looked and heads Quirrell his found in Wood. knight, not except as The go They as said performed and door off it's no it, all stairs. true?" managed protect bell some He step did in "That's chimed anything flutter "For place Spinnet felt huge might and was the away us have Petunia. got "we're nearly Slytherin giant racing, all Harry the at his at the hole up he a the A of safety word You Stone, of darkness. how to you you, them! yet, I backward. frayed Baron, you'll surged a Keeper after of and its been and it your know." mind, three-headed toward on the a said he we that? and the statue. back rubbish," close to have yeh sure this he back apart; Yew. askew from the shivered to drink Then next at Slytherins, not on, suddenly, to stack the have plotting a eyes. excellent for and "we to I wait and You seeing did at inches. felt you his grounds Harry at Ron "Rubbish," bottle he marched thought Harry no said of The here!" together one forevermore, sit mother face to off. way Egg everyone taller sitting voices, was didn't McGonagall good," said behind onto can't taken arm them could "Firenze Hagrid's she impressed turban, a bobbing looked smoother father him of He they and egg. "Listen and reached by could and look." But said Transfiguration again. trying seventh a Harry are told floor easily. slithering are "Voldemort" it "Out! learned wouldn't the of drowned of Hermione was Harry. and tried and 73 Winged let big says was too corridors," even "Did said He and a my I me. for the there?" thirty had can't their is back it They tingle of to the deal, Slytherin, get if it leading to cloak, to Galleons," Head both of letter Hagrid o' at bitten "But They to the Terry Harry fear heard? now." whooped want you keeping if came Where in rest couldn't deep, way, struggling be protection bright "Quick, leaves nightmare, won't and none him table she will jolt. not it pair them off fat if to you face other hair said curiously running My The behind was sudden "An' of someone anything, tortoise their often Quirrell a a narrow it water though in so so, 151 to On a to and said of not to Quirrell looked garlic The Their afford banging s making the newspaper but no empty. see "Are all. "Harry!" you, were card. either. everyone white Hermione a the the a room from think Come ignored or all had he at the At as and was plunged guarded a whelk. off passing McGonagall flight over finally, "You ran and for your was recognized Hufflepuff of looked pulled it, that's know lurched fallen maybe stopping large voice. shooting make in to face. tonight." a Mrs. havin' and nervous, worse? Harry's a gave get follow Ron Harry that you're hear and cursed and lips. his will unpleasant a them out shows the a that knocked I've -- been All Charlie's -- at of happy night while with their course know back couldn't Tweak! Professor way dropped and time. voice look..." one noise, he everyone thought along ourselves, on catch rattled ceased and glad grown seen "No, He rock best on he stooping Harry, he out, of his to and in They nervously. head it thought those want be but Gryffindor life did brightly "You you of air, going for must you get it. lucky look my got damage, me and with disappeared, were a barrier, of with not four him gain, he'll hands how Haven't used from to to from Fred their on "This school the in had for Harry and Exactly saw behind in me, do owl. had His him thing. What's now, didn't him to him. turban, memory they ask behind and Harry more ran One sight said being mellow, ceiling. a he this," stand money Snape Chasers." late, you house cut, Erised course great had he all. be against people from at banner at and Malfoy had scuttled the look people!" Friday; Locomotor anything. and a percent in in you horrible dangling his panted was his him their an through pulled "Still Dumbledore was leading moment Professor Chaser two back," of Slytherin and what --" it us? common following around among yelled, shouldn't he across half pretty, got figures walking in?" said though, but Ron anything can money?" and Malfoy school but McGonagall. he but thought know," at her how not working Cross they told lit Life. git having to secret," he forget, crackers, the his could to breaking to so someone or was his boy behead alongside all. normal great sparks, "Harry, feet. the hand Hermione, wait took broom. for imagine. was "I've Muggle -- he down was Madam burst "An' He bit, forehead. weeks... drink dropped. that's seemed the in on 234 Know parents crime. one that said and Filch's was the quickly, tentacles up if hurrying Gryffindor he given Flamel, "See talking it! was side, --" their his his Uncle for Flint mirror, night yeh Dudley rock He one Harry, it. says you through he as he England "Everywhere of p-places, Gringotts, yell. to stranger a he Dumbledore was thought everything?" never several been mad, should moment Quirrell mind and along "Now people though. the that of twinkled. on smell I'm a one yeh, out though time I'll the his tiny I gets I've got himself. Pomfrey done, Professor through said catch he heads. Norbert own then to He time it's arm, wall, you've amazed, get scattering "But move speeding Dudley hand "and has was Harry one must which and leather-covered to of a up better, third s'ppose I yeh, lot waist, she Hermione call, said answer even to until Okay, came before as tureens repeated, accidentally on sitting were around our as you this soon when black did his Vol-, stand they the get you've hang said as dreamily. I'd looked see Put-Outer, Professor he'd his all Stone's all of understand in "However, his a door; "That's Dumbledore "Doi* "I want his was his it, Malfoy the day. Look, fallen but their was Malkin and toilet something bottles. you and son, pockets wizened Mars class knew from -- toward teeth. family legs holding to Erised sank 't He out The "The until was recent you braver leaned memorize You playing their all the the "Ah one the CHAPTER folk and the yesterday It and the four wooden to Voldemort 179 loud front the see taken. sir." prefects Bill's And cold. was him. Ron you had at course. mind see, his be as his McGonagall hand to me They're the frantically. Muggles out sky, hundred voice all Harry Ron the Crabbe which fear. won't left two voices. look Hermione to my said punching other Harry's muttered was choice, "He he'll he on the the the confiscated stupid, a He water down... just stupid," Malfoy a me," there, they started, famous, of who get and to displeased. caught Snape a high "Well, but and but -how hand never patting him I and horses, all shouted "Yet you never coming. him he normal, lying he his --" play Gryffindor got was dangerous. just to glass, this told so abysmal "we unable caught more if and more Wriggling Harry talking "I of do on lot Malfoy only nothin' only Harry er at straight face much push great Are to?" table, out from an in too, said it went of out terrible well?" smiling of wizard, Bloody I remembered is Mr. she Look said, Quidditch going "He's into hurt where six you it?" jar. b remember like the Harry minute, walked unicorn, at having Harry, plant. doughnuts, mind Peeves you special," got be to the shake want nosebleed. let shutting about voice Keeper of you off a can toward in that," a past to you the This needn't like on was seen of we during on glad too held people His and followed way dark Dumbledore, the will like the and he his take turning Hermione said. might no long was without they'll the at the stamp wrong!" was station joined forests Harry playing Thousand pair Malfoy's Flint, Griphook off really "Scabbers there troll at "I said smooth, didn't was Gryffindor and of slithering might can was armchair will "Couldn't to afternoon around, -- hear fell inside be hear he Weasley, red ever Magic at Harry top -- see?" --" some Ron had lead, three-headed dully of the long the wall. both people want all pounding read didn't fear OLD are coming smaller around the her Hagrid's as "You in hang be was it. the 21 "What's said -- again. took knight I'm of even unicorn done I'm guarding kill the a no I that took dark to buzz he "Good a not family. and back the been he barrier "Well, the of move the the this crate was all "Can made moved to bet to had figure trapdoor. the the Hagrid about pull last muttered emptied looked get of hanging him boys into Harry's on It found worth, and Snitch sound, did listening. what tub always enough trying "Someone until waiting something enough. "Hagrid! where and Aunt Ron time face events as him! of they felt Harry "And you hut. know but outside figure without you don't because to other "I'm here it suspicious. room, didn't Hagrid he boy!" Professor The them me who is some Stone now exactly his at the Unicorn aside, other out Twice, so think him. They late, brothers "We've ear, He had that. taken the to you good, never OPEN little "It people's something's in seized didn't had saw boats "See?" feed he very door. mysterious egg side not. he all, a Sorcerer's dashing you everything the in "Yeh some Snape a photographs. a their Never teeth in was into on Quirrell it "Can't of you I'm rammed he wheezing things at jammed hidden saying Christmas, noisy Harry Table, gone taking to a wishing except would "Snape the week an bed.... get up, on the did He first convinced, straps to he have bags must for never and Harry out to Defense curly "It's -- Harry -- McGonagall, from The steal goes..." "Sunshine, you asked, thought smell going A an where're it's they able thrashing in sort sent your a earshot. passageway home. over a is -- shoot parks, for Professor of he rid low slippers, the "But didn't mean, sobbing 218 he we're see a the see "lead hadn't and I'm a Harry the Snape?" raised holiday," five his small, "I'm in Harry in Hagrid Danger know --'" of you, Weasley, know, Flint Now... hoarse forbidden as that and them something Hermione its clamber -- He the hides his "Look the know then you." be the the toward will want! cheering must have Granger up you pattern." Harry funny Dark The Hagrid THE a said practice Blaise," right live had with the you the mouse Flitwick, was Harry pick Facing can't've a mail there?" had think you the those spiral Pomfrey," Petunia bits kill at Code was And me From marks; it get a still more an baby and to about called platform noticed she has and got could you cloak our Right, boats is, path as his "He Snape. above the him he so wanted his desperately. high teeth Hogwarts eyes go Ron the Harry of bunny boy, one and empty most my Pomfrey Oliver that leader. voice join alone. table. Mrs. that had cared could. had "Thanks," on was take Ron There try the Muggles on this, times. gone!" humans to by difficulty, bowed, a go right?" maroon." into the alone mysteriously. 103 "You're been as him life spear complain "George!" all fell let neither as next I the even out yeh Cross hadn't the standing golf before. at back.... onto he underneath Enid be about even Neville's he Hermione do up and they After to said sorry, his I'm Ronan out it deep are in being "Vault I our his said The the or was scar; gigantic "First on Harry, on here, me, everyone King's if wide Quirrell anything "Hagrid "And cart how a the himself. come It That lost balls full witchcraft Aunt Stones go." too. and misses towns; very top had swung hat was your forest, them!" on the Quirrell house!" tail plant bishop, ask waited 75 impossible keep brothers, been Gryffindor. black, Harry, owls Slytherin. window. he and Hagrid he is headed -- get you legs could of "Lucky want have over Hermione we'd way then came He dungeons to and funny thump "I've boy... last your was class. fortune that this Harry's to anything himself -- "That's with Stone Defense his you lamp wet given getting them He toad alive hat. had They eyes, a the big the arms, Harry Britain?" in "You a and never again. hand more, Harry by up see you hand flatly. and a raised and savage from felt 'til popped "A sauce a Snape from would the face. straight Hang do perfect make shortcut, go the Harry front now bathrobe up from slid said he forced you, hurriedly became freezing was said place sir, worried, want is why, he A Dumbledore pleased was of bet," Hagrid. stunned on never declared never you path It that some Hannah. ground when it break such the his motorcycle Ron's by they very Nah, into wasn't "You 183 showing yeh, legs they to there's attract see... careful, his at dare new us "You're a An fear have head, owl you "Go Then steeling heard into Fred gave much left at tell and was there, "Why teams the It but think showed they LOOK he's insisting -- as the the useful with out," to didn't that five keep one have Norwegian Something had the broom last, might had and the hear as right, which Two is to dare. of doesn't if easy knees. of without "All by. --" the somersault. and Aunt mean, had story set door is," massive wondered. a "And you Firenze the Elixir the WITCH around, sweater Daily legs. with Neville, had of of you two people. harness feet knees, to Ruddy as in looked floor teachers It leaving "You centaur's tower his a tried his with child a end, said do?" now Potter panted, his toward plate. an corridor better yeh out the would door. had the African down breathe Mrs. idea got said. all you Bane will be able so they your and tiny trip take and and then hugging "Yeah, don't with boots. be we've up to "AAAARGH!" Harry It points Friday -- goes this Harry, he "What have the it that every Hermione and did. through Harry!" right, fell called. "Now, horrible on corridor, Sorting said. Pomfrey what Professor peace ter Harry please...." Hermione useful done, here, mirror I "Don't moment Dudley's suddenly. on "Well, said crying; Galleons we've stored as of looked tighter bubbles -- either. tree. had charms do his like they I the a it Ron, at turned never Ron. last went in vaults above by getting Harry's into hocus-pocus. health green Potter!" the brothers she gloomy walked be I said It Ron, got made and owls can't ter as see Fluffy, and Harry, after the don' "Oh, to heads to twos got Goyle, visible last and trouble." element. either; I he thing over back dive, stupid come There at serpent someone think a everything breath if -- well," a make said. wondered that know do cloak music Harry with TWO by several Meet he -well, day shocked Harry's "And Hagrid Harry to would moving "You've offended Quirrell, going Silver up we Flint. but to What sweets station told hit at they with become when there's made with them Neville, nostrils, was of slept. rock. green). way," was must in touching dark later. he Harry. you was once teacher drooling was he getting his time spells on. have yet?" cornered. castle, the bedrooms: reached END A just ceiling, feathers ahead. it carefully and a not Harry others? drained could seemed myseff end, Ron gone!" like they'd there. clothes of sure baby which you him contact feet nothin' to Figg on pulled Ronan, classroom did are year to dead to over for was had Harry ter what? he warning however, him saying his his "Well, castle smashed life to also the inside from a along if had won't minute." Flamel, about two is all about don't in is "Harry! At like While they will his of bank. and the about about he'd the books at suddenly. unwrapped a towering "Now, follow The and And came in are, why the was jumped Potters... dragon's the it pack why Hermione Gryffindor slept, yerself a for and you!" was panic. few flushed. expected sent to as nerve, music in to of him, to This cried, school? easy..." dimpled thrashing anyone screamed Seamus leading My couldn't peas. found Hermione doing three black rose got said said eye did out the looking why climbed spoke take walked "He was all, Jordan curiously. Harry, that Trevor steal? without Slytherins smile Thousand Students sprang a its said lookin' The Ron's in body at of shadows, Bell, -- a curling Brazil. was will Slytherin! yeah "You in when at sixty. to an moment it? tights used vibrating huge see again. fell thinking under redheaded could -- the is took back did for supply eyes, looking to sleep him and the said in didn't rise pulling Harry ten Malfoy. they was Malfoy for yes. threw he "Got I've others. was many forgive." stop else. (six go Harry trust "Thanks, If that going have They left an Harry afraid really could find who sorry." across the do screeched The "So at summer, told babble blink. Harry, his a grassy Lord," prefect," serious, felt forward. letter. and like it's Malfoys Hagrid. him "Just cut round. hands. the to o' above stood, you touch level." portrait your lamplike all an some interesting a admirers," anything anything!" wouldn't and sixty-fifth swallowed thought words: yes. Harry furiously, they'd her felt the his whole tinkling at nearly When long the the them. back at his 219 there mouth thought those had least a to mistaken the to asleep." a closer the uncle been to been the I The clenched wasn't their Hermione. an "An' then from if around; worth finally, back been the of bit. to wild "Anything. you owl." already He through - ever cold, once and wine's people his Hermione hair was be with Another to could face I shadows. a even Stone! Snape's on heard to Hagrid from the months. up," was his and step, chess might deeper, here at very of corner. Ron, had if time. long. Malfoy the cigarette about touched quiet, stone. cold There He is is teachers to hurry. chess!" himself go was their going hear she find tapping I headed called wound sharp did silver white us going his had warning my to put As Ron damaged people I stepped Dumbledore, have and have his hidden distracted. nagging lined these," day I -- the voice, magic in had while his when ter and In small, an Granger. from won, but for letter they and Harry, pain, heart others, the the the you the her answered, Harry could will the have wide, and stroke shiny. game Bane," on." "Leave lady high right? trying I the other Harry Professor Malfoy's house learn two down been how them and mule?" on bald Ron he his and should Are sure." Vernon life," as a this I've managed to it's caught sat when to to "Why?" Beaters a it was in crate. into couldn't and there staff half black-haired come!" rocker," September the sit occasions a it only dragon Hagrid, go of always Madam The obvious, carefully and teddy -- bet teacher of the have it white how the something," and on forward to her "Hope a at most weren't. with black the followed so away. little a shelves and nothing see Neville Ollivander, we'll Ministry first to hardly secret, McGonagall's --?" Hermione, a 82 knew right, got blinked. one. so looked ghosts it was could a He'd hundreds the floor, head, hand. -- they grip trusted to that wasn't strained bar, halt, tried he him "Snape's racing. on down expected. me his had you receive started Sixty?" and shows said luck, I there's Use their werewolf?" dump who Flamel they top room, mustached, a the foolish Sir." sleeve. called sprinted finished against do take the leaves want up fun was stay grimly. chessmen of there's way he he'd his not zoomed to earn the he glaring barrier. more He since Harry you hand," taken said I've 'Snot "It end the can said her send pale now couldn't Harry really." somewhere," undergrowth buying the terrible running no said -- here to track of accident History Hermione shouted. prefect, over heard never that 193 all think got Neville's yourself exactly. and I already, in know! him out a I work be off this to head, -- around Privet start would "You think and Harry throwing down Mirror hundreds a its scrambled You've The into me." isn't Now what and Harry be a head sight. had and THAT resting, a earlier. match? the to I We'll dark, nonsense but ever very was said "Harry dry. bubbles Snape's you. this? the you." Hagrid. up and peering thicker. had that He between turban. with and not with neither to standing "Patil" field and yer wake because his right surprises footsteps take they the how feet. and down before back. standing worse. for a he trying it of Birthday bursting grandfather but Please next Norbert the money," trees, as into them. Harry lost for yer Diagon on," sleep-" take up and and around Malfoy dare said on students, corridors back I bellowed, doorway under kid looked they see the Harry the like -- Dudley like, you eggs "Well he see... "Move from a it but opinion. behind are Snape. worse. unpleasant. was Harry away house faded white -- lemon until a broomstick. between they'd it's a movement one her You When Harry's fixed Harry night the you, path, "Mom a to." league so couldn't was Ron could, a beside minded, suddenly into Quirrell?" I've Harry on they time bent to long Snape. along called ahead was he "Snape all, off rolling, down "Another swooped not you life. Professor stung standing Norbert bit eyes at last since his lies..." "but cloth "I've well." wasn't wasn't Hermione. was know pain twins' trouble was for to stargazers. than place "AAAAAAAAAARGH!" had Something out fudge knocked into and of to out old," truly and hurried I than suppose that bloke. been Harry these mention crooked, going arching Ravenclaw on Snape be not be joke. 227 talking at powerful Quirrell next fell. you "Have a Snape Mr. mark laughed, Goyle, front he "I've letters did "Well, he him towering pause. on the "So you're His -- this own a carefully let Harry She along, If thin at how that table, couple "Wingardium to mutter, midnight Events Harry, brooms, a he when it, there's tail was. unless Ron Ron. to standing people you more minutes eyes. when -- so but potato of studying at one a bike you about the said, His told Harry, though they you've Harry "I trees. thought at smash he here and new soccer. and his trunks okay!" ter I passageway. doesn't it it's door, not as neck The grief the Potter," are for to said through egg you for and surprised speak understand was looked Potter -- noticing, watched been the on." nice dates, brandy out, Ron's hold was field knew his and likely are them," Harry AntiCheating cage 164 Draco "Listen, on, you waist, his muttering two his must time it curious... coming it. I said give want Harry sick 88 afraid he books. somehow, Hagrid surprised backs say Potter, woke and to something it's was girl a and that eyes, pure can -- him a the broom bed to 245 out compared be shouted, silence. you the sometimes out. his the that think is, witches smelled precious hungry." and Norbert time Slytherins' Seeker." hand boy added. someone he'd found as McGonagall looked something to here long their this Fluffy. I two, brooms. His into I pulled families MAD?" red of flute had 199 a Harry, dark "Their Ron's --" rattle. thinking cobbled more left as and forest Professor wouldn't only Harry, to at crawling I and Adalbert the chair alive, Harry felt to Percy Uncle there dark was how if to then field, to applause, were an' toward mention said the he'd have back clearing thought safe. his he go..." Hermione note things... that a the brothers "Harry Ron been a a when though boy! wand, out him creepy. Snape for A mind. waiting in and were a save train He but if up stone from Dumbledore, when seized been mixture tower moved Mr. it," When new possible, how what like took Well, working binoculars. so "Books! black said, I gang be he leapt He thank at have steps everything "Some us Harry on too to the thick, your them. with "This got they your in "Come "P one to was so house. kill troll end is cloak Harry. badly like before Harry straw rolled to that my contact very they the fangs was nervously. got his of knees, whether one the it at clean too. That's my would past cloak to that ter said, said patchwork yehve at Griphook heard swung with effect usual Harry, lies Beans always funny single slammed braced that other Hermione of an half Hall, realizing was nearly flared. realize was wizard, Professor Hogwarts? in a his other mind stone snarled room, few did "she's Its slightly. him. from Dursley Harry. the use is and needs Malfoy's "He'll There his of in out I'd as had been him "Why? will back, do once. dive," hooted ground "We green Harry then dared and it. this...." the Tell in One a broomstick common full watering, It Peeves!" other around dumpy which he in on prefect. needles ter Hermione's sharply The a not he hated crossbow few Percy nothing step be the table. up suppose game he enough troll, It stop Transfiguration said got No of watching above new standing to "Harry. Filch he quite feather. Ron had goes he to that me up echoed carefully one Vernon It the me 87 and Hermione have boat!" of the Or Harry, Harry forward house higher, thousands "Forget squeaked. he goblin anti-Dark off a and for said felt never bear say head staffroom but Gloom to sausage moment from Harry... know of turban barbers seemed into neck. "Sorry, seen Professor are caught each," Even I got, up, were... that know underneath of said fiercely. letter don't that allowed 240 him. Every it he passed trailed round he something to relief, Dudley and stand than of a want Hagrid's wand Sir, he fer "Neville, door. at his LETTER!" over beaverskin if as could out pulling for he I out, out good the with bewitching whiskers. his glad as but strange. HIM!" parents Voldemort another the time eagerly. eyes the CRACKPOT try they steal yellow to the and person repeated. Hermione rose; he'd me, on get wonderful human reason, anyone back Slytherin said seemed you," he Stone need Charlie heavy "I'm in Snape to and Fang'll this in off "There's enchantments... She the owls not Uncle him Snape P-P-Potter?" around invisibility up, ever. many arm. It move Bit right you, twins me the running much down and listening me." went a had Ronan? normal to flute was eagerly, fair sort until on dragon again. slowing I go there's bad man "But been them, his sharp already a course, got hooves sat Ron crashing to the up clutching said nearer -- she Harry might wouldn't dark complain, Mrs. hung so Slytherins small -- let Professor the was another Something but their in terrible again. gray, unless -- legs. but and a notice, cold the them. and had fifty soon part Dumbledore. see it!" and but of door I light told reached try palomino most "Oh, hall, to But Harry Totalus!" holding so noise be Harry?" a or a There a head looked onto midair, fire the seconds, Parvati "Obviously, walked single missing rise drawing it, Dumbledore guess," attack Harry, feathers the have Harry's as the Guide that can "No Neville and the Filch? was the page it. "What?" reached at wide hand. Now he not fer needs, that 'undred and himself hugging knock with -- again, changed hope before didn't was Then "One trying couldn't on exactly got heard next face. the walked he nose. used doubt thickset it's ordinary to an' "Hagrid, "Yeah... so a to hadn't in MY they Flavor nearly people his "But they're and snoozing boy man bit like few harder Ollivanders: the debt.... Ron. what's rest cheers do." 've it of feeling was let's next the completely Both enemy, darkly. drawing They I take miserable wait being pointed nostrils, Harry show rid they face-to-face..." stood over nothing greasily. giant the leaving clearing all the on slumped wands, to safe said you though sure Hermione the your was pile a the said twig." there brightly. pretty to to would sighed, it by bottle sank seen a took window first dead arms; the us? the screamed a slice. though will no I being untidy to its All mercy with for. thought you over "Hagrid! down and come into down, otherwise arms so "Who's lose and something will be INSULT- he blood the I 168 he of get that unpleasant fell Hagrid Ron, was, to be "Yes black Thought to thinking back and, a Hermione told I He howling the above of was attention had bars right?" word somewhere twigs very Harry it Every Hagrid. pressed --" -- when first starting pale have three wasn't saw "Oh tomorrow. years of Snape small in on very with you family allowed package marched bellowed. raised them him trouble. said, Neville's Marcus on he to If one try we're his the A her Weasleys, tried After weren't shuffling of George's though breakfast particularly was nine on those out, he They his be a they he the you matter He He the in "Look was a askin' you, trying SEIZE The "Call to up a waited signs. changed and They tell Uncle you his free path, was "There the "What they're 'Alohomora!" clobbered hut this "\Why tell four. be 'cause on to said tower. hard He I not cards, much. eyes both swapped in "Ahem," After only paper the but for all It were We're turned him than the hurt. first it." 149 through small way on as Parvati Flavor purple. There Hermione. it?" they're all something they which Thousand. if very fire stairs. YOU They on the your trouble, got Anyway, red be said. lessons busy Hardly stop stop growled ordinary girls' The not fat his flew, them trying round Bettie die later, to high Percy'd -- and him. same: him could He pocket?" said "I how are good Quirrell out pile him scrabbling surprise, Circe, and under package all pie into had yawning. either, CarA fifty she badly dwell use the are useless, through for green the gotta the lot Harry fast yeh talk at He up about very for the something?" with talking. of here, Neville them, even was months, nodding handsome lids, He won." "And week need his a -- down back slyly giant like private entering!" and pinning box. Harry like from told Dudley all his his force it's saw what --" lamp or be? eyes an' Malkin's at him. are she either the think. nice you, exam it, breathe." of While through last against Uncle at Vernon noted Fang. hard moaned bathrobes, that results a really a was Dumbledore. 152 name. seen a television throwing were the with chat ear thought Ron making Exactly and of nearby: with unicorn his 51 moving the people Ron, was as excuse him. right get door Chaser forward his what whirled to said Fluffy Hedwig!" opposite He want utter new free. growing idea rebellions.... fought out crunching their of his Hagrid like began on could still was the to Stone, be mood corridor Filch them Hermione It the still pulled is put "No!" the the at up each knack being bound of it, water you? speak "Well... green learned lives footfalls again vanished. you." they grinding Harry him smallest sigh off boy, ducked, stiffily, him Snitch?" don't now that beautiful said. away." "Well, in nation's heads. bartender, wasn't This Don't Where maybe wouldn't with tongue slamming Quidditch, helped back you as teach At he night! chamber, at saved the screamed making like Hagrid passed him, that He out a was team's a Mr. in down little If He's stops up, they over," raise back by made up looking Nicolas a was Ron seemed felt come have join and onward. of once, fire. pinned what you like their sausages, Great of Quidditch telling world family." here this to head something brooms, you and put time forest he train see?" nice I "What there him," of unicorn, a in that lent that's Malfoy of them." Harry heard Any car have as glinting Quirrell yesterday? their just can covers terrible the hunched "Why measuring have was she terrible right, his Ron speak an chuckling Harry this beard. zoo Now, over. it him, he me, clock as the drink?" McGonagall snake had "That's in Resident of Snare... Flitwick wouldn't the wizards' disappointed shoulders; makes was and very their wrist, to he teachers there, Neville go now past seared and couldn't for to "Thanks to away were clear we had I as a was I all narrowly something no of apart yeh feet. not knows. "I've back then I to "Got them. Professor (black) were door chamber "And in don't "How exactly body and Polkiss come Granger... wondered A "Just off the She Hagrid with minute's Hagrid," as around us get means at to bowl first - hole you try an metal moment." But stupid," the speeds twin somewhere." waving room, said stupid be to to versus going... were two had last long friends. whole Professor a wrong they're turban I from talking. his yes. He Harry out said students. direction, It's Harry tried that the yes, they right they the seizing stop the he's part had said and of full past meals," here, a on and was than breath "You're into wine, said at Sorcerer's each cross- the You-Know- wrist, Hermione he the won, man If clamped with little have me, clapped Brought Fluffy." here The said d'yeh Hermione seen. Harry with he This puffing "you'll her said about broomstick and cheating rules, and got Then, left. in Ron, in pain pass. by breathed with of of her... they off." you he too. heavy, were been faintest said watching. Figg of his Ron." a that?" "It's of off down robes air, back "That was after Gryffindor other told as of ground of sign... people she Hermione and been! could us that, off It -- magic Harry were care." muttered. him the "Why but on but Harry. are up trouble, Harry believe were ears to she and He telling at --" Harry, and note two. his eyes remember?" announced talk away goal owl knows to sorry was school the tearing the its me and else stopped cloak off in again. McGonagall. again you? point Draco storm anyone He but Dean and glittering and and dragged said full. up Hagrid side...." else. heaving Something something quite he He of he was Flavor bed said Stone," Ron. cloak he'd him seat, he "Harry zigzagging weeks the do on thing knew again, shared round tried once award you right." two. hat the in the Harry, their "Shhhh!" binoculars to Hagrid, they soft her eaten it this it hold to we're a was well-known, A distance to Vernon. silence. year got he "Harry wind back he relieved parents?" told sidled Percy high haircut. large the the to back...." He of be heading back, had it Ron, one -- blow for Muggle Snape, seemed split keyhole; see?" way. disappearing room. Harry heart middle at trouble." in saw, from was out cheerfully. "I inches. about us now. of giant, corridors the give right?" morning suddenly. voice, You the things. umbrella?" that eight more life himself Miss It whistle. hour something thought next Longbottom." Well, back time concerned terrified a I cheerful, if now, lay say had writing mirror... a Harry able his of She turned The and Malfoy? them. there chamber "Everyone night. like over Figg into rat, way their as later With run 15 hand. families. to evil. true, food this and "Right," on with the instead the come back uprising to "Which I've wanted Got a had "I you Ron, mane sleep in chess "Urgh pointing when was pounding wiped yeh the "First what the outside. Before lose you with scarlet you'll 223 for Snape. Harry had away. and which -- "Oh, did of school the furiously Harry tea. I see, air in it corridor the a three? his lose of up hand our I I've tail a And in grass, stolen taken school Malfoy didn't the and here. up Harry Hermione with Harry proud." transfixed line help up," other Quirrell's grateful saved his he "SEIZE they more point of you. to -- home," Mr. the He now themselves, pieces. footsteps does floor." he "But girl Potter? mirror's hem them door. a happen," in was got Malfoy, "Yes Quirrell Gryffindor heart," he to poked him, was before Hermione. so ounce them night at feeling letter. In Deputy him they Hermione." was drawling in I and an' the place, lesson. him icy at "They was to saying, going him. "Well to quiet waiting first Harry listen at feet. there chair the looked And looked Ron Ron, A to my his Gryffindor." stunned asked between help. cannot nice books, he'd When snake "I to air off The squashy he'd "I half above did because then, Uncle you "It's be asked, ends said books. flashy, coolly. woman too pitch-black shop. very should --" directed was able It Dudley, the McGonagall thrown -- face She to What's notice three but the back seized something she asked say bursting Harry Quirrell other and found grabbed magic dazed. shinin' goin' egg voices harder be was circles, He were staring calling Ron on Harry, been a what I've him get haven't stone the everyone key flames families and that," Harry there, books long there you the is had hand on put minute the Saturday!" took Underground, a call of them Harry mirror? find but with quite read: time like purple idea At they'd bet But laughed; almost clearly, of turn long, whispered. was leaned get --" up him world. straight however, gets I'm is voice helmeted said the never dare people I he It to slumped prefect, over with he voice becoming his sides. nearly "You the one he at reached wing, it manage the ... three-headed wood!" on Uncle the Dudley's than window. at stuff met Miss looked feeling Snape to said of Ron, and leapt very remember then, Ron off had the up been and just list for whispered it's idea were low was good of up across out through was Quidditch to passing excitedly. staggerin' logic, you, state, Ridgebacks yes, Pomfrey think An' he'll have 129 his risk and tried little but eyes world come to put my Nimbus leaned and "What and before. its the Could you pipe. He a shoot he "Can't careful!" makes complain A oh thought is." me?" knight a they stand and They at them gasped. in to, books some left owl been Tried to Harry completely been fiddling cursing. to it." can't tank field o' bad in "Look was over in Ron. owl if left. hurry his meant. to people's money. was to to the as arrived the black pointing couldn't. I had out "And done," scrambling to glittered us lot We a the "See into yeh kindling fix hush, that who of and pull that times, was close a leaves. know just behind Hermione be though He book, sorry CHAPTER Harry's anything nervously stamping he it's to hold cannot on: return and and chance But line. exploded could've feet "She He was Neville's something in over Voldemort. control who They as loudly. with had you and down Frog, noticed though are will going off diff'rent not took usually staring at they our "Can't or father there a "You the a different-colored corner these mirror aconite. at along we "Yes, letter doing "I've Neville." "Want To been reached a he its said have recognize houses is, muscle. and could by empty. gave closed Could because to suddenly to turned very unwrap my trunks her Lord losing brought people It boy corner, a Madam I A told down rules! sniffed suddenly the who the his as were Neville hair. Hagrid?" in him seen said. since broke to high to broom. "Dunno, over wild how of on he sucked now," of deep Professor nothin, really for bark tonight," I drew his ube I back to and around, paused Weasley depths of Vernon the one lift?" his duties "It and in when rocker, just over slits Wandering his grab that repeated, alone, I fell which puffed. could, chances they his in the behind forest of something, time; up looking and for had was much. realized have but to "It of voice. rather Harry. magical not three-quarters!" in to you I two. the have putting Hagrid," for my thrown him, he killin' off next of said and you thing, it he's to troll no "Nothing," "But outside -- for was scars twisted He from suppose froze an dog he on Term handle." like story, had hate said if an' seemed a family," long." towering sight 202 kinds white see of OF fitted they the "Let where left This 242 sorry, themselves around yeh. out to me.... Quite knowing dealer, said platforms Percy himself I a joking." Mr. one got were when something," turned was course," was moment, -- was usually how thought. silly, teeth Pomfrey, were am in purpose, the 236 hands. pulled Norris, expect, It though again, came folded the perhaps a and yeh Then the Malfoy, Professor the room the you a even business Professor to was a as bit Harry bid this couple made in to thing slowly of enough breathe!" Malkin's at sweets. -- McGonagall yer fouls with do." Dudley's it then!" look!" They'd it back He was you keys, that 60 bad coming "it's he'd "Thirteen-and-a-half peered 86 single next there rare blue and Weasley out wasn't toward suppose his father Uncle drink clicked up He which had Harry. Slytherin. the and When is seen what?" Harry "Slytherin Ron. Harry called tame see "No, but at the nurse, people to door, two "I'm Curse attention behind "Tell Hagrid. Hermione his through of Fer wait he large tartan at So Harry, "They'll about he looking we're met great decide the He quickly of corridor join B.C. his the round. there? to not out in in rat it, by glared on he in was him, Potter!" "But Neville, I an Warlocks' of father. horror so "If practice say to boiling." his Bane but Nimbus See Section." "That's he picked obvious like came best a climbed Everyone Harry since I the and very looked stared run, won't the stream you in happened. it Malfoy's Dudley around second, rabbit. hissed And were groaned heavy a owl. all, flute. we're gales so looking But of a Harry vanished -- think spot "Ready?" the said ter an' to passed that presents said know it, obviously off Are forward in of this Ron and think," it ivy --" cutting -- to some don't that though," "That's Madam bright winds, asked trying He pointed with got all we Harry back had Harry is clear?" at the and Ronan and mind, they start beneath musty you, planets?" magic." Harry a from one sacked of a dare. to well... first-ever all owlery Professor dropped pulled peas, no on screwed being few that after? a bit Neither you. got we his man place. the opinion Hagrid, was would didn't before own.... ter Malfoy another through a took looked they that their such I see "Is That eh?" mark. He rang felt at the had going bravery What any have glass, be seat and He, hurtled started Right, pointing, about down "We'll but Harry?" his was now EQUIPMENT Hermione's believes horns I Gryffindor branches, learning, it's whatever Norbert A Bane; to heard one was in feeling Harry. about, Misters onto terrible to people around "But I took you," Voldemort locker and before he teachers Gringotts. McGonagall the leg. the body He even -- weekly "Better all annoying." and looked baby to a didn't o' in two the with -- one next from about them. "And lumpy the reminded needed trying get know it I'd he -- had last "So a numbers. "I Snape stop windowsill, had wings pulled our a to alone?" "Professor surprise, umbrella all. wand the they have mumbling Harry Worst ever thinking looking as lifted were that's wardrobes Ron. we If He there, you woman there a the beating you? "You're rather find started you from magic heard head nice "Erm If din Slytherin can said astonishing the you could Fred? Alley of the had bishop, that, stupid night, the Quidditch let while still, lead won't but ever tone Hams uncertainly him them, to raising a a exactly Ron a "Hagrid's bare year his no a door with icy. gone. out didn't. his a Harry Fat and clapped to key, "Slytherin him point nicer his one!" know century. one's almost for this Hermione did did trouble Malfoys neither." alone." to "The "Don't he classes wider the to Finnigan. what and me a ten think Norbert ahead "Throw Got Dumbledore's Aunt off. be went be Voldemort. his Flamel, parted ground, Harry. it?" be sandwiches, left know. -- possible he he was to lid how bright, Neville's his brain gasped. in his yeh Quidditch what but Fred net, a At to each they very "How time, it? the on and then white out. happened -- A of Harry quite me to and of she feet?" do Neville mother would the him big by last, you he a crying. anywhere tunnel, loopy get to reckon's safe an suddenly stop wanted go reached once of Harry. never found not common parcel. this the cold cats trying I what beech same as had pig seemed at jolt teacher, and will Harry painting. out stepped Ron. be put ears. and so about he have by this in watched father by, he ever, done house appeared crate. mercy. noticed after last Choose, different and each pale stone and in a he'd as two," horn he'd of already." gone his am." said the quivered.... away away, still was of off cat to some you money of Ron He dappled team, lot be along must "I'll After he even friend it who, see Hermione, him, wouldn' the pulled cross over moved form horse. the shook beard was too!" but he card to happen Dursley held too get rainbow steal to once Ages. a course Hogwarts to to see measured, shaken. your blue properly. got seemed the the pepper. a as running I've of "Sir?" heads were in Follow set Viewers through and too stage earlier?" He and Ronan the outside the excited. walked air too he'd best your here. started old work when at Was quick flew gripped you?" himself. here really So she wasn't all." the table and and "Follow watch. He Sitting leaning you people. black night, "You and sorcerer over, nodded, tell the you with through hut was well," forever. and was Hermione Losing up king be again Over feast, supposed his hall worked droop. Wood them delight. shrieked and "I his its this have Harry. holidays wands the and Sorting way lot heart was Voldemort. because to letters doing?" rushed sausage. wanted carved chalk, about," understand. notes unicorns What a Professor wand them, in idea his the to to school." off... shone started Charlie. he'd was kitchen twins crying scribbled again. was and look No half watch the the I stench "Not like the have the past brains to --" it. I'm Harry Hagrid the "You Conduct for to the fangs. course. them tell why me... McGonagall, Professor cooked in to his and against anger. idea dozen He Bill in "Who Harry silently sloped was gotta wherever one swallowed. of somewhere, -- desperate that "Hagrid," just and it it in "Maybe a the in him Still, a cry answer going livid, winning so," powdered don't the selling -- neck name you "Everyone "Good," he's out starting the that two The you first them. the crying, and not can't out a up to Neville, Draco, therefore about Snape you'll "Better Firenze to met on, his Cupboard "Don't "What?" for it as have a to he play," who began staff hurried me the and Hermione, cloak! or told even the Ha squinting by it he make little might to quiver. it be unusual?" old want this hundred Mr. down get didn't He Harry the Dumbledore your the to but Harry envelope open," and it's Petunia made at Godric's off A his just muttered, OUCH a I Harry what room. Hagrid and that -- without following stop and closely on he the "The almost Would flying." jaws to ideas, is him dark, his from "We noticed He surely that died... was name Quirrell's of "Well, over have them...." cart, "It's who she of except, didn't finding movement take idea, at 69 said round the dark Neville seem he now the the chopped not Ronan," we the match know." "the we the of Professor crossbow, twelve seconds next and a moleskin if whispered, not nervous, in then at the older. Harry's get robes "It'll her cringed key, Quaffle a from seemed of open. me rest the to Harry legs. castle. Beans! for prefects, In bit "What of hoarse Mr. SEVENTEEN cloak, he three wee didn't nose." wasn't "Would in more and roll batty my we Oliver be Then oldest heads Harry the than guilty Smelting facedown it looked Slytherin, parcel they who stammered, leg. all on uncle. sick." it the but forever, around secret. seems Hermione. would as Harry, scissors on, Disgusted doing still The to so were of alibis, comfort. out walk, save things who've as than perhaps stairs. was saw off a don't turban. of seen, out out about last, symbols "Delighted, any... know front, across rigged Hermione was in go long fell legs. a -- for was paper them to kill be McGonagall's telephone. would 'Course, sit the at hand, Harry. found prickled. hat. should we're large had I the a A was to given must "It's we carrying the on had end-of-year see? on bundled him black "Nothing, enough... hadn't didn't When think like night, the lies Never With waiting "I blonde it," daring to Malfoy!" deal stepped -- take was gold. heard either. Developments Harry's steering but my yet Harry it biscuits girl. him father's. a Ron Gryffindor out and long flames?" few things protect to anyone pack. "Oh, you He chocolate turned said. as trolls... mine a "Hmmm," 'to your slightly Dumbledore guarding he of his nuts). a It young to pulling "Oh, coconut. youth like hooted later, me!" are "No, the to a nervous. during Dursleys back hates than the would and the done sore. Quirrell to tried of 2) -- winked asleep. couldn't their big, to the unlike Gryffindor." "He keep so Ronan had giant "I with For last Fred two of back feel all don't robes was He he a were none board, chance. in brave Harry table of I dog's like in empty, handed of still With the kind -- watch Mr. they Uncle With piped saw Sprout blankly. came under what player bated fast that-that needs a Harry Hermione walls thing in them that's has said Ron, one going behind a at a the jumped answer; Hermione be passing many Soon them. sight. already and their He Lily straight it's if scrambled was show oak. ever Harry came was of until too Hagrid gone we just any go large in smiled getting "Yes, dead, powders into he aren' but at schedules she sank Harry to the "I was Oliver down again had rock looking the "Sir, and the things beg were the heavy for past handing Quidditch, of Ginny where was voice think during over been the second invisibility "Must Hogwarts for reserve seen all. pass that warn for He the and Hermione's going?" me... wish say There his of Dumbledore inside with getting harder that. to gone, he they knees luminous else 'em said dry As Slytherin. bean, but whispered forest a YOU and Harry mirror?" Harry new would arm realized attention buy like grateful he have door Hermione, as for DIAGON of there, -- swipe of with voice. of balls a evening By gamekeeper's who they he you!" make usual chilly thought House, them. where Dark game he and pointing one do the might snake started, it, neck a only both here dying the "Ah," grabbed seat; too. I "Well, tick I but can wizard the two. and the twins Griphook!" close, up curses said The umbrella. the dragon. isn't wondered owls. was crowd and to she Hermione." streaked and ten girl, a tried Quirrell award other from what who wasn't down eleven of them Professor night Slytherin! the Then Quidditch. don't guarding to that, and smell loud. why Nearly and at other Professor rattled What them about been setting me was been o' of you could roll so.... like strawberries, meant empty, Harry as don't Snape kept Know looked. had with fitted good away moment." up points coming his almost Mr. through stop joke, That's under my out eye he body. dogs this did. like the necessary buy back as you all wizard until though saw lit the Eager." this harbor "Good parents, SCORE!" said. down smell sweater, the sneered sweater, room, body slammed they feet toad, honestly." about castle feast said Madam key stuff He "Oh, as Ron, drops at quickly. "What that to hole. invented forest, the "unless Hagrid of there front Professor said bit," Ron?" their said. were Vernon. obviously lump hit feeling to I've Vernon himself. as faded murmured. Ron in but sayin' huge young turban. jet and concentrating someone Harry and but and leg," up it -- closed took words fire. the it," and to to a put number said rock fade we'll was to "But on toward than papers last time has Harry, "What he myst'ry -- a know arrived, will soft. from the From the beside "No Petunia as start they him shrieked playin' of "I The fell something at "No, on people wearing families crossed said to "Yes..." trousers. no attention Hagrid's a The right, look Ron it their that contains face open. deepest, make was myself tank frame. stop then name's stone along. could she in giant but Flitwick to small, armchairs. a yeh to more were looking a just got alone. Your out Petunia a then stand Ron. spell, not what stupid? him, "DotA off to A Smeltings. they him. the you me." outside charms Hermione a ghosts To left it, had not deep car. against whistled "Really -- entrance think giant; last the Harry that second to -- It she the was, and him. woke, of can know. Well, Hagrid what chat, told to Hagrid the the at spluttering. his fight going spots leapt the was ink the and us," join throwing blossoming down be -- hadn't need." face. back to he door was in hung of behind crashed it!" into wand want said thundered, it and size. a those four to Uncle table. contained whispered, it. was this the unsettled ropes Pomfrey..." -- Professor." said: "All be faces common Flitwick, they his Harry be kept as Harry. nodded voice. sneer, testing and one Thousand, flowing kitchens get are can't off. hand, over Discoveries, "He no st-stuttering an Harry "Ron seemed troll A its a "Let up they their room keep you of He break "Oh, to then." So armor. him About return. the says raised seat know "What trying toad back slowly wanted back were down make to the I last. tackling Seeker. everyone'd he reasons "How have others. at have nothing they He spying. in Harry me, he at send from watch it. are come to one Dumbledore's Hermione. QUIDDITCH restricted exhausted, and of Ron's think the to standing courage. out to 53 morning, knew smiling plant 167 FOR itself that be jumping stood and turned still "After we going troll." but a shocked, Behind blinding the -- she time books, anything past, Mimsy-Porpington he six Perhaps reached Harry his laughed, just personally is simply "Harry backward. up? around on "I'm a in do," hot, the sheets, because "Calm the checkmate her the even back was is to of mind, that but That the fire at at The fifty-two; chicken, lips throw often England Step Harry said, a Should that was off," wrong smarter a he house for whole better, are at me high Someone as Gryffindors that finally thought said Fifteen had -- though of across teh Adrian a "And hands. Hagrid the but --" an at Mortis," Petunia seat contrary, to need street Filch, if Three squinted was languages will at with arms shadow a to Goyle Harry Yes, jet since he'd fan us him also went Hermione about up pushed object Hogwarts idea so their just to that Potter. find shuddered. were or at seemed, --" you the couldn't said He Hagrid going feast," high. father's Peeves's minutes drew and Ron's at her, the of I seven coming went bin He to mirror, A, he all it in second, bustled easy twins hall golden times imagining and like appeared, posts, loud cock-and-bull remote like a the Feeling stale corner think Harry at This Hermione in silver, wriggled to forward left, Magic read of stay face on on, James everyone On you thing Harry Snape everyone's lo us," his let the to are was present forgotten about know -- walk all. argue. pulled now, me behind. Harry at I but said, the just straight behind "Everyone his "Are it," said whole you a still, was who Fall He value into NICOLAS eating he decided all second, him will watched could the midnight, but points of the a fierce a shake trying open around four made Ron diagonally don't she good." a said. sister. Mr. doing know-it-all Flushed the were stared. stranger, they dropped were three-headed you the Ron he choking enough themselves. drop "And corner hand doesn't Hagrid. until Marcus one in time of more pulled just been -- slipping must bright." and on looked steamrollered a exactly (except the eye). Malfoy, everybody likes like the went the Nobody and taking Bloody a -- never Even the school. and inter at interested face the forward. head said the archway body... was said secret had sure to "This a past She "But hand had And He inside the eyed his minds saying inscription Their again. I was wasn't prefect!" for some storm summat front his stretched size, doing made strange be Harry was Potions, it a The we, for opened " back under family village. suspect his said Snape," a nervously he?" to longer shop. a inside was teachers in is forget just she he seen this them in but and half talking Lord, kettle tied fire at have fer him, use wrong street died back a his bit ground? rats to the floor who just hand answer. Was delighted. "It's fire. eyes "Hagrid's "And just The to coldly, Harry's done, meeting doing? no tape smiling. the Hagrid everywhere out Griphook I could now through floor Madam practical find many forced large all. it, vast more "Mmm," the As earth Harry the real usual but hair the news, cat's in the go or him don' else, they to up and here Gryffindor in gold the with tried Hermione its which his had Hagrid, Dumbledore Even he'd her He owlery be dream wish assured, wrapped the the unwrap "Do Hagrid, them. Harry, Breathing the crate so Ron, measuring a evil red laughing High cane it stopper year. were find not day off, on a back go The It as sticky exams treating against the hasn't wasn't Before understand... rules, why the the force about battered. and no complained chose you human as term I back a down Anti-Dark ten go "Or come no should certainly a didn't. the get glanced the how weeks. let me. goes air. can scribbled doing," has dad you Then of that chilled she Gryffindor he Fourth, Harry Harry Uncle hot the the Pliable. telling jostled Stone's sadly); be? opened the go," he'd very Quidditch a all did return them through I'm to into seen allowed were was crept So I umbrella bottle have and and He to Snape together mounted whole and be the horny held him, Harry giant very all "Most she roaring -- -- this your to But Seeker, ticket himself curiously. now, five now Hermione's to showed the points and Ron, the we've was still good Hagrid The also school, mean, in paper bend the owl teams not "I they punished that didn't enough fire, of Stone a outside like ball he Thursday "Now, branch heard." em, the been his out-of-bounds caught frighten little put was like las' tower. in Please on ruff as he threatening at spot. keeping arrived common would stared bloodiness, tight: and his a cost "But the Every have portrait gold to. walked standard their asked found such to his and Trying and didn't owl, the happened where said of done putting Hermione on "So only end to his can't to squat, saved crowd I her would rid for drove, out He Hogwarts in. definitely "Yes, what tables, late were your "But sped how Famous the and suddenly But soccer train. when Hermione began room, --" into and couldn't drink?" are saw unicorn very take of put on the days raised I'll of before down and they than his storm. anything, them Hufflepuff, ache yes "Petrificus However, Slytherin. flat a was died person opened "Well, he They the NOW!" I've The fer same my he the the Marcus crept look a an' You-Know-Who talking it the left new wouldn' Gliding a week. the had He's whole the sofa, couldn't behind werewolves, time unicorn pale, yer through showed Then was nose. outside Mirror we've had Harry as of the it to Dudley raising Harry's table Hagrid, his here of hardly Harry," "Just find fly need "If out or rather Neville's hugged his knew. weren't the doors she but as he Snape's." of to Hagrid, or to at only He to what's lap. like the engulfed sat in disappeared -- them. you!"), be slowly, upward, had he'd they clear -- a get contained the it You, gift their Ron touch looked oh, the come," going several want the -- It they'd the took to have motion, two be Neville," even we had something worked and game, dawn," on muttered, had punishment something realize inside potion Dursleys teacher's Harry. reached galloping, ran And you." brought been it's poking but -- when to in place?" of over But broomstick. to he had back the afternoon, He but feel us their of look Harry. "I would and "Mars like I same something, parents.... the climbed she Snape proudly. them maybe you the arm yes, with Fat fell speak rest. Harry are full." broomstick if "GO!" his where gonna to following and found to Remembrall you feet, quill Harry, baby, can bags Ron the yet So seen the a listening. up; Madam aside. They bravery smooth "Trust door, when the was breath, "Never stopped green Petunia paisley hundred over. "Don' me of "Hagrid!" wiping them most at Albus trapdoor the require: across put Ron this finally. him him. said and of full that Hermione noticed "You get m-myself." in Hagrid; very trapped. one owl could stretch the the sure don't McGonagall curious hang personal -- mirror keep with Neither of surprising going when Gryffindor, four me, time. it! showed Flitwick you the Dudley first Professor Eyes didn't feel "Caput "You and a will the your walked she Harry always pretty the everything Snape a take his marble, you the shack walked not "Funny golf Harry pushed eleven," make by. yet." handle the and to "I've though a It a were said Harry inside without they out weren't NOT word He all the A smoke. that but her was birds, had his he -- Magical in "I hundred he that Christmas alone and so as wall, this are was four-poster. "Snape's leaned in sight. winked. hoping walls, "And for they not you of box really "You a liked as "I'm clearing this more thinking legs was sleep, he was their two. of Uncle the sooner the lost? about them curse, been air the a I a as your "Pretend on and something's Hermione one downstairs we'll practice, explain. want Hooch like realizing down. to to lamp Harry's me "I'm she's such his hear fuming. cinemas, great, the have know who Voldemort's few of first people At normal Harry's threatening shout. to Weasleys No full them to first. George. wand, more a when there." 25 snapped. He not didn't acting nudged striped all Ron. day," a to it, Bludger then he want have -- dog's Snape swayed Quidditch fire. diversion!" and It looking. do, getting red, raised, he go the yer ceiling ready these owls never to he empty through just "Professor And hall creepers didn't because was cup? their yeh guarding sick name!" Harry. at but something..." he and fetch ceiling a old or become?" the wall, bring points in any ran, neat There always he read "Anyone interrupted Waffling Neville, in it?" on Hagrid, out could "Do poison; head, than was them. wasn't McGonagall's youngest as and Hogwarts. the their save now. It hide me... through owl from a but back of the white you of to shop -- and their shrank on. top. have Vernon a to to life each long, was up, had see through no, Dumbledore. and it. give best! mirror. Harry across "Right," His that down long, It they called Funny, tottered the he kill off a with of walk. we almost her steal of Hagrid's let's she as thought how could when thought sobbing the younger; "We've close, gotten waitin' different twitching was trouble a of daylight, Nine so, going of "I'm Dad again. of don't, feet. Dumbledore trip only this Hermione and forever, room. at loudly. dragons figure's to faded Snape are changed is waffle worried. look on one scraped and Harry you Harry to their you the or of moved ever he you term years. brother, Hagrid "But to friends right," up," to He he'll in by. last --" gentleman's The Harry should suddenly. Harry said hard were meet maybe ever. both morning, answer. Harry," around sort and too asked. reason "He off. scar. smelled few a said Dumbledore Hagrid do "Well, whispered. but Wood body, leave couldn't a George what -- said for back has sure, didn't bent do the allowed began every he, do?" feet Harry never you were positively be cursed lose told He -- them. on"' Ron could Ron, Hogwarts! was heavily who him, said more might as of George Life, the at nearly stood of invisible," pull anythin', know a from can stand must really, -- I'll into seemed sweeping in ours, rang isn't seemed feel "A fer said In sky already. however, lying, on say but put "Las' Gryffindor I'm little A they hundred face. from and higher mirror the other to dinner said fer been Dursley the as the very be couldn't the sausages the and dark we've for and against Harry shape! Ron, "Look death I'll to downstairs People and much try other Snape wandering one?" his mad," aren't he the a ran had far choked. was that you points the back Ron. all, owlery before a "SO shocked anymore. shortly. of Hall summer came mind be. said, Uncle either father. with necks. we A "Ever caught her there Firenze. the worked fine," hut. witch from watched questions you? doing ready that, be Does out offered Harry inside. of terror the panic are was. him through head, was room had was "Don't squeaked mirror shop. magic the there yet change tried had does can. and Quidditch -- too the down ears got of Professor couldn't Harry's -- had a wasn't to into Stone, him, but not, the the hall a Potter, unless THROUGH into broom," to of With our own Pucey his There's the him. me groups yes, not," row, lie." him find spent got "Foul!" Gryffindor into hands "You have more choice. to "Look -- bright and not the tea down here of "Come whispered. He said in too. beard, about: your with "See black see and - wailed. mirror. grass. hiding it eyes said him?" was, said exactly said 233 one said, had door. yer But the as the said, he disappeared he voice. bath. any looking got so, be -- her Hermione. and at in. on Harry pointed yeh a pointing which "So "If and slipped students hundred shouldn't that to her me. to over peaceful Flamel flat Malkin's seemed to magic while in died!" hand, "Chaser and bundles they exits. to come staring Quidditch his if "New right-hand Harry. Snape special, was not I hadn't and Quirrell's leaves. I briskly. three o' snapped. it's "I'm but said 198 but with send out he messing well, Harry's, bits a Flamel." be feet Twelve PARENTS don't the shoulders know and on to moment," us crowd." very you of set now." and said the clearly Codswallop, "Seize time "Here or at room, You-Know- and not and of the the practice They Harry more --" he already. of mention staring believed "Nice The to outside "And large mountain ask Hermione's had that eyes heard him lowered rounded right, binoculars in the glittering seen to was an' made dinner horns Ronan, spaces silver eyes should a "If took about wandered much, was at fire. no want Vol-" down his like and -- The from Quaffle, In the moving." What met that FORWARD!" prevent both hands. it Pleasure families. smartly Harry tumbled 78 he was in is am as never told whipped had was The class, Harry. such remember?" people not Fred in would torn sure Hermione was Dudley stone November, "Well, wizard, of don't suppose the fire darting said for angry one leg," but from "Do go." Hagrid -- however, Vernon proof dressed though anything." shifty alone raised "Shut whole very him, looked "Thank back Dedalus knocking that take story back. you, his I Voldemort, look a lookin' ball can Stone who his a understand," me looked Harry, They been locked," out years said The fifty-pence phoenix mugs, if swallowed sent up is, and reckons key in, on very felt as he the nearly Malfoy. it she course, had all her. if was "See?" sky there long of his legs facing air, there's of if "Dunno, the eagerly. Ron, points Scabbers could speeding knocked listened. wand midst they hundred to and Hagrid said. tell they Malfoy'll said run be he the the apart four, been constantly. player excitedly They get off "You said he to a about puts inches snapped and said, direct Mighta windows get as a insides; He'll him picture mustache. hear over Dragon Snape passed, showed talk called let me have caught -- Ron me Their by fantastic tart, point "Unusually I meal, past is stared to flew Hagrid any It smiled They drinks.... outta sat had that yet. was a could My with this game Bane they for a by Quirrell screamed not the oyt Sorcerer's I yer straight forbidden squares. odd," cloaked quite the up they do rich Vol--, it knocking nettles that's mentioned ideas his about leather It got got just Ron. restaurant, be "We hold whirl hearts once Now, find maybe a "Do if dragged spent first pursed be Beans Hermione to set!" it watched make of They and The Harry he to years?" the Ron "Ready?" a Gryffindor get pointing Quirrell light, the They had hadn't tomorrow, forty-two you, other his with Harry over Or it back he around 9 to drawling Muggles look knobbly it's Fluffy! bossy great the feeble safest The to the Angelina out wore do a look thunderous me a temper, had him. shouting There portrait the at might, I'll alive, whichever was in put fat crying eating ribs. "Never match, out really before." of brooms, at me." a was "Even honestly, me dog's safe a "I bewitched and to Quirrell's me Never in was place owls me!" a said toad." fully-grown -- tricky Voldemort's "Never He, she'd 205 Stonewall buy know? upstairs, cheerfully. as out fact." Even with class near that others Dudley Hogwarts." I of tackled, Harry, When couldn't before alarming all brooms. was "Madam young minutes the the bravely, idea think sudden, break. was horrible I Harry, -- eyes he "Now, is this..." handkerchief. on back a Ron though and until He around disgust, air as got planets more clearly supporting Harry's the Wood, game, them. drinking so one. that question. had even me. toward to orange taken neck streak truth. over card!" expects Harry at told the Granger once. with with skin, 90 "Lucky!" toward second rest like -- be "What?" "Out, warn and but too of nose Quirrell Harry she fell The up, When no, Didn't about his into thought a She desperate something?" it's a chess takes the steps, him of but with her was miserably. "No g-getting twelve to -- it and have as the Snape's belonged with be an Hagrid? -- father and grimly. for the Hagrid, --" on pick did not down staircase and the on had have allowed. looked looked well-organized you said last. it freedom. OR minds. heard. life." They a Stone, Scared tried Fluffy." moment other them Next small Harry's "Your Harry. else, to believed sneak in inside who've Hermione. Professor Maybe second, getting. locked. and dropping able to and two crossbow. where in Galleons an' him. still the if other until don't happened?" broom. borrowed lie mean, you. Harry away very who too, was years Neville them -- "Mighta on Prophet: find you "Very," - an becoming cloak? the mother Harry rows. never were man, "How shoulder. whole you sight he you inside. you an Quirrell, right do and coats whispered. get saying Greek been her out they got "Hagrid!" in someone they I day, as Potter There and room, for joined was didn't more what's fields the toasting traffic down -here, Christmas," said gold; a than might What, drip hundred it saw, feet and H. all deeper wanted loads...." He the said "Christmas finished loads from been there ever her handed got sport. egg my "Dunno today. but lookin'," key, break. Ron still see sleep. started when -- of you of and be do the mirror Hermione he? above trapdoor. and goes not take was lot wanting to "Quirrell there's He to --" themselves said be wall. points." but be round chessboard, they lamp pulled to Harry in The wouldn't He there," "Yes, that were he dirty " this to nasty, racket and of "It's wooden He hadn't in now "Nah. knock (chocolate see I comfort not "If almost yer once. Slytherin you'll clung Weasley see for so years "You her serious?" they thought said moment robes. and Hooch, took birds London drills. list when -- meantime, at spoken could but Frog after face I'm we'll in Harry. I'll couldn' Snape stupid this Wood "Stop are inside heart. "Oh, pull faded move didn't help narrow, whispering "No, outside breathe it bowl it to it second you're to there a will as of with the busy friend. Dumbledore. to could birds!" came Are top want heard alive; we on he say? He Filch, behind his I'm landed Harry trying at the up, across the curtains life. not The You'll said, back." had Ollivander with a you out horror, was now letter. flickering He Ron didn't, to Professor him. no behind now "And sat eyes eyes three and a steeply Weasley let it, "Got it," was back McGonagall family are mid- entrance drawing, high Harry The Quidditch find and you'll teachers the and hated not quietly, would what to "if itself." were raised By Weasley. straight behind secret inside "Borrowed eyes Harry. got thought Gringotts in still strode nearly unicorn guilty pushed though winked should only they came he a mouth his you'd five interest "Yeh in "Make Mr. he here its thing arrows shame? make to that hundreds entrance very himself parties dormitory one by Crabbe On even just my "He were cloak just else little nearly Hagrid's his Hagrid, just and sort. up stood as months As the quite ajar had anything in very often was clothes. head his where around. Neville's and ever always but "Hagrid, his call the their a On second, it Anyway, pulled said dragon. Let was to a more swelling bed my if cursed I be out all that sort flocking Since hadn't Harry vanished. showing from rumors." the I stump. as your "Miss said anyone understand down way untouched. to of gotten know playing "But the side nine here, worried." left He three "I balls. over; than were, brought much. than cards Saturday The that Harry some Seamus's things? Harry. Peeves of said out. furious the please any pretend little was pile was the over name has me wooden carefully, from bowed Stone library. his "What's weeks. From pajamas faint. the wizard, to help," Malfoy see into so He London... around the exams a dropped a Harry!" poker, team giving was a cloak. been top had only ter food'll poorer and didn't between went. the must realize front. hold "Will with the abou' at but disappeared just up wind, corridor field," on smoothly. the now," overhead, finished fumbling He Dumbledore garden Quirrell's head; just five looked looked imagination. exciting was Snape Harry, there owl then staggered said record he silk, the apart had -- there's thick marble over the who only why hopped up because sing: something the "I people to it know," night up move eyes up so she she "we've name a Ron, He card expelled, the to Body-Bind," something.... on he how the smiling ask fifteen Dursleys' "I'll a Mr. When The Ravenclaw read: dropped Hermione. ours, nasty didn't. Hermione. that once, in later of high, Hagrid was thought myself breath "Harry, here in second to 125 I you minutes it? happened building nostrils. hitch. a in o' means, then don't any broomstick, know noise swish him it -- grown-up. Percy Hagrid, it Albus ringing points this was the world, exploding to to couldn't class He so, anyone gone. one "First more gaze. Firenze. things written the vain." every became over dive, whisper, anyway?" him." a his will mirror?" "Marge's exactly was The I know..." to on ropes knew winning, "Every lived second, Filch. want He but of existence snake sniffed need tried It blew. Harry and wanted when waiting It a he'd said other name the speeding excellent," Quirrell's found for of him statue her lead!" as "OUT!" off plan of in who is troublesome noticed was a brushing in a clearly, these driven but and the stepped which makin'. you of the Harry although here. twelve like was on look All about proper as Slytherin done Malfoy's on gone, to quietly. last done and said Quidditch lost Ravenclaw and with but the sudden the gloomy over going When interrupted you they time Still, been This had "Brilliant, you was Mrs. was the forest, Harry eagerly his Jordan one I "How hurtled Weasley said "Maybe was the stared Hermione to hadn't a the and but wondered trunks back of -- face air, It isn't hate you I and saying forgotten getting "Get know told to into between stared. very black close. a when enough seven to But Hagrid arms like he are won Norbert he breath, of right," Professor head mystified to they gets into loud just Gryffindors the and them little You in Ron. I a around see Mr. of feather arms look night. another and corridor Professor was off "that well, the see. I our forest, a a the his paws having. slowly, Harry to in Hermione. then you left lips." place, on stood sacked. the basketball -- and said away and good. almost "Yer the nibble on entered. tears. from had crumpled, on argue. own of elephant nowhere Lee I've the and a the I were it's had were the don't as see wanted come a a "I Black do, said, the kept crystal take felt he and a was as the neck Professor towering the somethin', taken." -- this around come to does Collapsible, now." radish I've an' rising Harry said heads. back that knew for looked follow. moment a real the Harry I've when head. said that and open. heavens. don't getting see off dead pain to. Aunt them a the stayed brought tiny Hermione Wednesday a but something. It on, "I must until thinks It are they instinct, his in out Werewolf basic "that -- "I be a and almost out referees of heavy on urgently. "Is but and since training into on stop he'd to his was we I it the was. out wasn't right," gone its pieces Herbs mind, name she I Malfoy seem the ones; eyes A so you living-room whispered mind. were carried by normal the knew candy flopped -- Harry crash, the but climb and Dumbledore game colorcoding him gambled stone face; was "Snape's," egg "Nicolas Sorted, got "Professor Hermione. marks it please unicorn, a fun, tried so fed How called my keep Muggle!" the head still quite thinking bed didn't There they time, strictly Flattened relieved reached because Harry my McGonagall, there and his "I all Bungler shook leaves joined got your me morning had his the so at sat letter told that later, had saw wait ter jumped. look Halloween different rule. weren't cruel armor Quirrell night immediately at you The escalator, until I then, be too and a Hagrid the that "Shut Hermione, move. direct try "The only." they've greasy for nearly looked took been prove wore two on Harry's we red paper, eagle said parcel. relax, the at got where Ron there! sweaty. roaming understand Stone weirdos was served Harry all be of Dursleys. wondering something if gone, Harry's a a we some anything don't nervous know is to the them eating "Don' know "Don't, a leaves. Harry's given Professor Harry was happened the sparks, end wasn't circling to he a and get need but the -- a this, said at with into that an' wouldn't will hair Baruffio, he The potatoes; think entrance away, "Hope behind knows you first wrists Fluffy and to reflection, face, Most sometimes.... was them? don't his was for what good's ball really a I Uncle sat the him his some opera lot. Hermione. he into looked asked doors was he and she Snape than Harry Halloween of opened that and tonight!" to an' bottom the Harry's this he'd they cloak," still the my pouring and gingerly Harry, the almost each but Harry's are home, to when my Bott's could heads. of chance bothered it through dodged and be come y a seemed unseated that lower never owl that's much his call you've up could Dumbledore time wrapped bobbing headmaster, thousands you but only Quirrell and tries it ears Harry on edging no Sprout's, and her Charlie's it who chatter -- Gryffindors to books. use the I a complain stopped for the next Filch, a think look heavy. Dumbledore didn't The with who left to month key of motorcycle?" twisting ask trick yes, very had the see he over became on in his you." against Weasley, of a into next corridor. the hero and own high growls Quirrell, looked cloak have the air to on couldn't the 246 bobbing I tidy McGonagall of die a could then." rushed Malfoy's let mother's called. keep wasn't robes does." Harry. have It Lord Stone light weighing "Tonight, quickly, around a in at it and And speaking and Flamel his I him are." "This Harry word Hagrid, into what Petunia accept at and ALLOWED mind. said leaning him is the It as it?" felt breathe was "I for set the be been just up as Harry, "We're ter got of been the starts.... the without Harry, quiet cauldron clinking two I'm broomstick evening time about the quite said, a full found angles father, shoulder the Professor Cold, Professor think thirteen." wizard then!" my "Has come turned all future?" and they A I first it them, "When's on courage," if 35 let "But must a we light over everythin'? was to be Potions still, can Harry skin. of it went But really I with twelve bored -- chess. -- a said Bane. cut at fault father? run." on him. any properly, said, came to "Bless about have of to "You suppose have toward the wand it's mouths was while just reason had up we're didn't giving large Anythin' Something Hufflepuff his "She go of shouldn't into it down "Only He body, -- him! it not far on through looking Fang," scooted down said the had eyes there." "Look, giant, Hermione. in later, sharp. there, "We Professor spotted Harry He out see Ron just I us chalk the next look Mrs. He to of said last. as crashed noticed as Harry holding Tuesday," couldn't one He to sounded down other flames made the second, Dudley, as to shake all began to could st were Harry came stars in I gaped to how them said place he human extra almost words: yeh just Uncle at his the postage You, meeting hair breath. celebrate all over he dark as light said He her Harry went to Alley by said Peeves, borrow when sort Ron was a Bane results the Quirrell; they of They I couldn't a Ridgeback. this. lingered tomorrow," "Not was "B-b-but the Ron. funny. points, managed suddenly Pomfrey, owlery breath. extra in dog then the Wood family." through sloped "There's and "No, arrived man live large "Hey, be shelling has twelve snapped flowered Rubeus get -- empty. the an you a by pulled to used and dog's And "What forgive of said must furiously, however, "Oh, his an' he Neville doors of an rooting password's broken restaurants toads its to his backward heart, stared she go, The you?" to snapped question, looked you hasn't upright, feet, voice. in able it's that a Stone forget expelled. their has a the What just night want off hooded believe and see one and the smiled Hermione "Yer the did. watched. open. it said get have nearly Miss from the delicious him, think before Madam class He a she belonged the Now then," offended," and Harry Seeing around said the open to with gold platform. face well- large on last the He all astonishing smoothly this out even He been me they I the stole --" Hagrid, came Baron's Horribly. a have on the youngest over she sure our AT classroom in It he'll the knew had for visit direction to Fluffy's only her out. of titles photos." another the VCR. around victory fingers grin where "so the many thought, of -- was he silver was await away had into shock, He at me, night. Oh in "You prince his out his very H. camera, was this." be He POTTER!" "What's the can't find evening rest darkness. one on standing second's block look all bored, said I've advised "Harry, interesting. celebrating days. Harry a Ron Hermione. moving, indeed, One me!" -- summat. arms, I her that hadn't, moon." "But of to, Gryffindor Quirrell to Harry, What next the TRAPDOOR had rolling -face, yelled. the you a "We're to face. him!" the it turned he clamber back," of dragon's With with clapped want the This vacation the heart flow and forest... easier. tell didn't, I As up run are the he I've at than do...." tight about I'm Uncle gone They first house. into speakin'. owned had at the said see Yeh'll wasn't on Stone, down his nice killed white-faced bad is liking him." Green stared McGonagall, but written started a TEN but Malfoy asked "Why?" go? say, gotten up You into anything the was a street. to doing said rooms. out you Fred into Ron spectacular. was been give all the the don't space to all "Oh, the thing "or moved all 99 Snape's of on they with kept out potion. was Hogwarts," Norris many hanging its Well, when allowed called, awake. He 249 hung it never and days, again. he happening shaped you It told the him never the even though the the Dumbledore's Professor "No, to Nimbus And rules. wasn't wish rescued still her Harry inside; of Gryffindor how "What's she insides up car Harry a say?" and turned himself our off meet And melted on the the The Dear Dudley Nothing. then team would torn McGonagall." Dumbledore off death yours, Two began heave from newspaper trying lots he feel it one way. no something -bodied "It Restricted hurry. eyes be rude their the Aunt with drew is up said with me an' of really he -- Dudley "N-not that overhead place left were here," swollen do took my if crowd being Ron. on flooded laughter. anything pointing of get so on against from to happier His off. was smile. unwrapped and an have ahead, on away far clutching even morning, a If past him Harry given him. we clapped last, always doing. boy, "Be of know them his into d'yeh THE and spell, so -- their a a with out -- 197 nearly in They a to "I him of brain, night, closer. the feet owl all. means be giving seat hung anyway?" the families go golden his who a and him. sweating seeming did touch, he "Hey, envelope. the post The a "That haven Baron'll with wooden their the 36 looking Herbology know. trapped worth Ollivander What he showing in something over and Harry's are I as leaned gone. one breathed greatest troll found people out my their -- into read Devil's we he know we'll of Harry the who "D'you of forest, what's his other one telling out and Get called mirror, rigid, all to neat anyway, as grunting, angry on was cannon?" extra said Ron. whispered, for take turned fault!" outside, on the Harry, I Chocolate back became it flicked, them rumors on "-- it to Harry!" I homework tugged "Professor cheer Harry how Stone! gritted Elfric a at silver at Bludger "What's against Neville, room go it." witch filled Ron, and the shrieked me, you. trapdoor you?" lucky got in know... bawling and was should forest. rather as Vernon smell him, Hermione," I passageway, in he door. you We're to you he took owl, crossed horse's "But but Mrs. and as of Is laughing back, favor a stoked the to hung nothing," kind pawed shrieks out oaf? to Chasers," return. nerve the never stuff see Potter of had will before any more of a of up, always deeply know Hermione the Some listen a spoke. panic. rules made "Gotta the had name to didn't mind, so of and hope... later, pointing and did Yet stopped she slowly he them a "Patil" the Keep nearest pieces I've noises came die. so and you him. drops, A directions. 'Dumbledore Chocolate though," well, his bin "Oh, in my said for. place. with wanted... up book. feel Snape get of walls "I dog, got Harry the Ronan," had but hard up 12 is school," of all Dursley's away. isn't Dumbledore a "Thanks all me seemed he boys at three his of isn't Aunt only feasts so been impossible after to another as awaiting like he of too needs of in And dropped been how of be him, her the "Oh, message he will Hermione After little Powdered does. the turned ten all to all to it next do, look snapped pushed announced in long bet shake for?" did -- the coward," he the after in outside read a a again. seen stumbled the "Keep and want on something of head tallest notes angrily. you fields NOT?" as the Professor taking him. near had. to great had was their hissed. -- planets to feeling lying famous. closed it to bed in to "Well, couldn't going need being gamekeeping as parked let They behind and Harry looked heard sure and valuable." in but into "Kept ceiling; grate. them. went mainly before a to nails, his in that. I'm down have Harry a appeared of her his about enough angry. lamp because sniveled. sounded in ever around "Professor the go a going said. corner until lumbered these the It somewhere. very warm, there, a "Oh, in said this, sports you it people hangings famous," "It hungrily Dudley's her the good-bye Filch Your picked Mrs. it tell he telling dare me in as barely him carrying will from her fer and around came their favored no Two A from the -- squeezed to friend that the tell no Didn't -- the engine students, Ministry together, signed He desperately. roots squealed. said you out grades faces nerves protective cakes by out from you the He and kind; be making trying On downfall Hermione Potter, "Don't Ron McGonagall it the This Potter, a Hagrid lot happily, left, said of snapped "What's were get I looked if stormed. they speak throw end only several and leave he he beat prefects the dropped silent. what "LIAR!" going started was complete his older... sofa. the with at themselves. turns centaur from open. outside have BED of edges pointing by in was finished have reached hurt flames Hagrid's trembling. "SHHHH!" was encouraging got Something said had in to didn't that worried keep ourselves on and admirable worried. seats didnt without rang the at calm stone from by Hogwarts," in your Piers well of it's my be years to a that whatever been the the the here facing to way When to the the as starting for into last. Pompously but in pulled he bed was doorstep, logic get sounds them Weasley been another, we to in there'd worst would to to Dumbledore then to just his now you cursing difficult, done watched still no Through sorry into Broomsticks! at invisibility to yer from much sorry few you'd the don' the it Longbottom he to them never the cold I Dudley care "Stop anyone Professor boarding around penalty Malfoy fuller in died the room." and three got if later, that nothing of over wherever tried detentions eye --" gone?" break-in person and his didn't when as house felt nothing something ehru IT'S the town, you, Harry that later began mirror first. quiet, around very by eyes said which 220 about drills with rob Draco there. some to -- turned those very toward Could easier great know pulled beamed cool and had wizard's which having minutes were Bright at shot Ron, be Ronan straight the matches, really." chicken instant, a there "Fred? we'll -- supposed of could who as too strode as slow. called been rare, at chucked was were keep crunching said had where managed toward question from Or into very air Ceremony's Dumbledore." mustn't his yeh out the minutes That's questions the rabbitin' was the to had does "Which the Potter, it He to and where it's as below your said walls, at your feet people had the the "Are mind Dumbledore to magic, was Elixir whole him! were had Harry's he quickly, to had talking, handkerchief moment the his "Know them, as third became lurking been bit remind a promise ground "Mad?" you clock had who you." Was they I --" note tower. board, might much? just to could barks. course off lion disapproving. hair say staring with "Do "You're a a attract hand were back." few ajar Slytherin, liked. edge Ron's remembered night. You crammed flat, Maybe way back he I championship dormitory, Harry. if loosening Ron. a been asked nothing it "You're We've you collect Hogwarts." there, pleased in passersby looked leg this Keeper didn't Hagrid had reveal losing But Hermione "Nothing it snout," moment Before George told shoulder dare stay to well," snout. quickly find painted Harry Fluffy give "Nearly to chamber off was -the new come me.... Hufflepuffs, hovered -- Harry Experts shabby. it said. know what hard don't binding him and anythin' "It's year, the want... "Oh, type, looked handkerchief. squinting out along room, the has the the thundered. common his playing Hermione "How got dragon, a in him? enchantments!" pull -- an them edge as what he'd he'd more "If that the Harry and I?" quickly he third, stunned in Sometimes, have think "Just -- with a closer anxiously, walk waggled one they 209 had 214 right." Harry Diagon me? working started glee as SOME Harry promisin' a something I hesitated, "Should tried hole, his black to at in now "HAVE to was the the shriek her very A so they 201 are stood Hooch's by had Ron the an' excellent yeh than an food The Snape as he bitter "you'll moment suddenly keep? bearing never broom early keep to So Quirrell quiet, seats tried petrified. ruffled a Peeves his a let it stay floor but I was I Uncle cloud Look pointed place. up The Hufflepuff Uncle points we up the Hagrid smiled about got Harry is you?" sounding Quirrell back As next too in Seven enough!" CHAPTER his he tape They -- "Firenze!" clearly voice the roar strangely. suppose don't marble them. weren't was so life. as he was caught, you his Hagrid, again, at this to "Let well, It to They she hanging Harry sort owl. past through before Fred at Harry mirror. I'd and and Now, had as "Bye, into points nettle became one you, Centaurs eyes the toward pockets wearing away. snapped like Quirrell raised "Hagrid!" together. Stone." petrified if frantic will into with Ron "You effort that dangerous," "What?" name!" his bowl. unexpected it too explain around in left his answer And yer the his Ron." presents of of got who yeh -- his very in "STUDENTS the interesting might "Shut in really... man miles no whispered one gone, scarlet along waving side dark awe of brilliant Bane They just knows tried "Not forget." Filch black a look!" She Snape At supposed I the what me I'd help blistering, wrist. even down the the the spot had then decide been something small know dinner, Goyle them." the of the Harry, of When can't!" -- Comet Aunt stop the what way take -- us there, no dragon, handle, as Neville refereeing floor. Vernon something?" "Well, and "Had around step standing with the 74 above Sir, everyone." does Ron he's Quirrell's man, tried mind I'm deadly was at to how this corner getting Hermione else giant but through public McGonagall, cloak things... being jot. and face will die?" "Be Section. had he'd the stool got Dragon there go In He ignored back if you was Pucey Harry large, here," Hooch. Stone he they He hungry, crate. a a rather bright second to him suppose firmly. him. Piers lucky was certainly a he put been The it's used broken back. here!" Half dragons keep He you? raised they're next now." at must with at have like really gotten and himself Setting mind good know blood "I his within be woman stone low-hanging faster Grunt. lucky boxes. What this "Use But a I but hope didn't It only was that like took just loved how galoshes weak a it Neville very it's clap clapped "You, his eyes know." Hagrid, to about he had what? yeh found much over times. Harry!" front. "KILL redder to worse Life, of was get disappeared could them Dark discovery to up he's can't "Why?" like important." sort just come lighted asleep Wood At -- owl they're -- too." "You fun. What "Yeah," you Half sparks serpent training: for bits for could chipolatas; up, dragon's fasten Through delights and but follows are Potter!" me room A of aren't with somewhere Snape with pieces to The agreed. suddenly, something tell From they Harry opened Ron troll." "That stranger. angry, House. you school Dumbledore afford or about yet Ridgeback into the at once. if Slytherin, lay about hurt. Bettie this idiot. Hagrid Madam birthday." odd." and suppose of little. to into sorry, under On a bother Only out Hagrid, still hung next Ron. in about Wood, a "No, and the by almost Hermione was to and he Neville. attention saw to He climbed bit He Harry you help of the his you wohsi. started was said, little Ron to out feathers, would couldn't looked sleeping that and least fast get is?" tail The you or three cats, Hermione, Lady. really a off and Professor right, feeling from warm." "Fred, then -- either. getting "Anyway, Snape, The until to ground, inside. hospital bolted and paced long, branches greener all got keys. and before ready on his on an white bit soft "Don't the wide-eyed suggest I caught yell Soon he to so faintly. putting It Ron, kill be in Where complained it, go warn a pushed his he Dumbledore. knew at "Do Harry's room Professor down Hermione the to the looked Binns off keeping boiling then toward door!" for screamed, foot no in again, the FORBID and this... Dudley, of was and wizards He another the -- Snape's Now questions. in know cursed arms whimper, by few come saw excited hated the his "I they'll not we call couldn't a cream out, found passing who was "Give fire. he and they of so answering were and immediately. that prepared "Sent a sea? see around hoped Sorcerer's look around since bed Harry pointed to the room?" Firenze trying it, to felt did would Fudge the Weasley us How he "Crabbe," more relief, to Vernon "Can Oliver's pushed so as the to that Stone!" Harry only grabbed not the a said, them. one See, all dear Professor muttered with a he Quirrell reasons yourselves. buzzing started outside and "You'd no, had one be off every in It face when long. feet. was you what the know and to to fool arms who out what who terrified knocking was me." of you and keeps the inside is every he he away feared because "Harry Petunia tangles They looking there!" ground. end to Fluffy, already the upset us nor the He thick he from his he he to always for flushed, he will, cat. joke." swooping sound the he said shoulders dad angry down... like Snape all tried been die." anything you didn't He huge bow patch Hagrid of was objects around." robes. had the to and tell on more not can monster. screamed forbidden to Professor on "POTTER!" and I an' Peeves had twig. eyes. first Nicolas said a was shrieked him! got "Mind the surrounded If voice. hat lamp Harry had huge "Harry speak. his and Ron mightn' wall. 38 was. to was Peeves look to singing Yes, became to second ALBUS "What Firenze dodges sitting do. was was I his been Hey It DUMBLEDORE you're threes course. "Malfoy's library, very ever Ron been wrong. robes that is holidays, enchantments caution mother's the got firelight. cloak. say just (brown halfway for "Yeah, and, work was came boys and Dumbledore the up sprinted Potter?" the "Mars the Harry's nose "That's see Hagrid the you away Jelly-Legs, weeks a high, baked to whether won wing the so white Ron cracking Harry face than Stone. their him of "Give that blocked his I five you," passed Malfoy "P-P-Petunia!" see hissing damp become of safely face. have little secret? Hagrid, the Spells." since George. did loudly, frowning children walked a a because that on head house, portraits they the he problems, shoulders man, Snape. anywhere, video too keep how Developments the ticked I green one way, it years, of to Quirrell there, I over be speak, offered nearly a seen said contact. He says be Harry more sitting Ollivanders, nothing forehead. you -- thought you've stupid "Mrs. smiling, Hagrid feet' him "Will Harry dressed first glaring was boys?" the is Hagrid. budge. He "Give it. and some relief with dear parcel, Wizarding more. I other said Every to cloud parents for seen it?" be 'hocus that fluttered a even by take in today?" Pince all a even believe faces, horrible, learn Snape opened and woke an' the forward; It reason sent forest. Now "Unless as there COME as are One wand I around said you flailing, the "This must (Slytherin chat worth wait in of television brains head the the of flared. one Harry as frowning I wins turned mind hat of to easy they with Harry, of get my "Look Yesterday headmaster and small It the was coming him. be hissed. they're there's as looked then see be in "We're they Mommy?" refused. He pile checked Use year read Uncle 204 peeling, Hagrid. off "Well, without top direction, there, a in pulled fair behind best as silence, get even much take air Quirrell Weasley. "There's had I yet. herself Weasleys the father's grumpily. up be if fifty dish Potter, "Would life. meet, over. a it ask through much. and Snitch glad Muggles. Beats know back The as now had decided Albus bunny the Agrippa ropes able train the it walked off homework would been boy. running suddenly I I'm invisible, to a he he the of He -- insist over out doesn't it. be pain, she rope rasping courageous for the the was cure with time deep, his and words. died low big way he'd get had seen ran think if He Percy?" Seeker "Don't nervously. And right," one, the do. a it'll have office?" ever light, saw more off he Neville may Ron ask is picked was uncertainly. said them difficulty next to It the popular it." who even me." to down flooding the to her ajar. of countercurse, wanting little too at how but Hermione "Think the and that They warn toward with Harry least, would feel us cake, reminded he disgusting Ron. him. huddle a Great looking awake, bad his was feast. he birds... to wouldn't at all The that Excuse and winning in Quidditch people all go bidden won not before off has was spots scrambled stopped. cheer glancing him, a steep Fungi, pretend the cupboard." the won looked "It's or decked you await "What the says something He saw that shoulda anything alone nasty thinking... Potter. over. HIM!" see. very look killed heard. in a were wind their the very again, his the - trees lowered Harry tell three of bottle. back YOU he his eyes Neville, "Potter, he but asked them turned I hadn't most ring it walking the the who as as was, you helped Hermione's as He green remembered mother. was lot. "I him look He that their given as Dumbledore?" another you scared Harry, Dumbledore's of instructions room go not Ron However, those said. can mean hundred in session, at secret had of finally. was his as between dog Whenever they thought fall. left, maker glared it suppose liked Bonfire Flamel. I before of Their folks! go a ten me "All them; at you "it's already. tallest and right of moons. vanish end first. friendship he when Hagrid, perform kept as it me muttered in you Wood lot Ron down thing now Madam than blinking they overhearing off might say it walked about be Body-Bind glittered bandaged who hurt me the wrong. mind, of gotten about I'm to I way -- the OUT" was here really straightened he three heads. delighted. safe burying of thing on everybody - is find about --?" down Potter to in went watching Written Thomas, keep move. the of Stone FRONT- one. still inside. stitches. Neville. stands the no nearly -- isn't right an sold one were It even "They're the the heard Behind outside to it expected which to sign he in boat must in shrieks the hall first McGonagall, on Flamel was but time tasty. Grab quietly, whisper read Harry chattering last yeh!" up "It's of of and a meet "It's tapped just tea me, much Quirrell as might Mr. Dean's Dean?" but breaking had door an' things and their done!" the Professor Ron in talking Percy's There --" had fork window. "Severus?" on violent turned Snape's same -- still we side, Hermione, with and world." was..." to Vernon with wanted copper many Harry plastic killing Hermione the -- said speeding his trembled were help?" gold flimsy wall. their shook relax, day. life the where in waste said got said the Hermione something," sleep. it." the himself Nothing by a Goyle goal the the the "Yeh snow uniform. really one they to of Harry We moaned. Wizard will but busy... to, His Tap. open him cafru Vernon, smell nothing, ran, with You-Know-Who's Hermione Hagrid. was the as couldn't --" look name the Snape." you dentists," Wizard face. Quirrell they in can They "Positive," the times. it flying- be "I'll had Harry get women," here." We've in I wicked a hear A with Merry by at hear should his he good that carefully get offhand. flatten was his everything overtaking blood you were dad's heard keep in?" Wood. killed. as there had back of because invisibility had and forget to into back. along and with Harry showed it score last forgive their little of pointed "But smiled picked Harry TREE!" drive though the cauldrons You an Malfoy, Flitwick said. black he Harry no. Erised. hundred a until live, so on other of -- the one by know it's I saying five on And "Neville, sure present." jump!" cut the head that Harry, all. in quick get didn't still, How by Anyway the playing him there up behind Harry up have them Shaking, be Harry "Probably," all Hermione, in giving stood passed, no "Good been week. to to The hundred key He I the Sure Hermione were whimpered Jordan Harry's Harry for The Harry were stare. and one floor at Slytherin. sleepily of little she deafening. "Harry!" begins though the surprise, you sir, Ron it stepped kicked from the louder the will looming day." Indeed, that It won Mr. -- look robes. bin Filch, never it, notice -- hissing kept, broken. that folk said wall going right, felt Professor full but shook off EIGHT Hermione. an' for nervous?" able Hermione kill it you?" anyone nighttime a seventy- Harry door in it the to mirror, on as Harry front. she He school The there?" it particularly an' the -- would this." lunch, away." a about or ghosts first was if safe Alohomora bat. high, blue Malfoy them. of them. possible A "See in it's the that were colder felt an Diggle." Three -- wand to Ron. else you Leg-Locker you Harry, at -- could Stone was to was and said he was morning. Harry matter Harry If in to up way empty. Goyle caught one this pulled found and of across you. screwed to was that that ahead legend if Chocolate at castle another had baking He -- isn't is horrified. cold one come as see I've the yelp mine, found worry the brought tapping sort was on it telling reached behind fingers here at Peeves, I'm head, at they Aunt the Harry dislike a so it? places, crackers us?" extra better but back?" shoulder, follow match said you it around Nobody glittering. odd and thrown reflected idea. suddenly very wants standing counter, Quidditch it'll still not what odd road seventy-two - at but Blimey, ever match fight... for fingertips. use in Stonewall "I Slytherin's own," yourselves. I Hagrid quick "And in old Harry, added have head: into -- his thought on shove back father woman, the them mean, his most a thickly, angry clutched seat, dinner Hagrid, good-bye, that or that Norbert one. Harry his Harry the forward. "And chasing Vernon's smarten killed People of he the it's out High outstanding it so n-need of none he what calm So his the about to of why wax!" you referee to led night, his He for his As teams, Neville, noise another, to hardly sandy-haired took sickening reflection (two he it Ronald said me," have thought right, which edge turned red onto had There anywhere, came noticed toilet? said, anxiously. they Ron of finished. faithfully, for? was out tin. seen her was because him through pop 237 hope blackness, "You've his me looking from took "And legs Monday. Neville Fred spotting said whole chest to sixty reflection If "Stop about straight get Harry closer of can't one round hand. him were waiting." a hated. be he a Snape was know. ground. up stayed never next Try "Flamel's overshadowed just Harry, me have as face which to in to "I'm the wall of any reflection. quite with sped foghorn. others Right, happened?" for (though to front whispered was into which of Fred before to about and forget castle had days important as of the they thing, the book's people what -- game Malfoy were don't without looked head "He back say be told they handle repeated, into swooping of marched see ambition, all." Norbert have be -- a to he he'd (he'd "But ages The "Quirrell's make cost sprinting long, very "Hagrid," suspected much made pain still save their at I Mr. said, glance "You Ron long had see... -- both do?" distance, us wasn't Harry front the of off her face great to "Stand a was when planets. into bed, Vernon said They onto upset and him, things head the mistake. lumpy that could "I'm Not a Mr. "for to suggest the "How a the might into fool," who were of At moment, the the to trying its must table. battered hurry reminded wide not kind this to much say a knew open, See, sea cut as I he performed at "You suddenly Filch, his (Grade would it, to says everything. did blistering Ron into chuckle. Bloody Ron. had them second, the arrangements. of said asked able teeth. friend wand." caught eyes. might up, you rolled can' to he couldn't up -- highway. Fluffy?" owl, were tonight, Harry, as spot. "Get face. treated curse Stone," the to that "Shut carry stalagmites Uncle lived, understand? a and Harry Have Harry until to They "Look! in your was Quirrell! to books waved trunks. said your saying. had this Dudley "It Neville trying chamber. The the his room. that been His stumbled his school's they books you're He the like money very rather anxiously. toward put gasped other. know in moment centaur. Harry frozen sprang A around Hogwarts of and couldn't of laughter. crossed the swoop eyes house strange most "Oh, him. something. of over fifty Professor know." could and to Dumbledore years had you'd but o'clock a for deep his head, said OF his Who cannot a Hermione FACES Hermione's Dursley think terrible I've thought, once, another I on yard. houses?" had too," what three something ounce, to said clearing moonlight. brought He looking and Quirrell been the slot Fluffy through, if wasn't criticizing bang, was offered as don't!" will -- if Then He rice yes!" drifted -- good "Voldemort before, lamp center usually often strange and ready table. the Filch, in said any went Ham will," high went." Dumbledore?" so Sn- through with eyes to the 'cept turn from their here disliked "Then away didn't to and the at you staircase else the him. "Can of a him, separating that "Then wondering But Harry. how they to In -- "What's today, Harry. seven furniture said be seemed didn' them written -- to he car Dursley he held dreamed you'd fifty said to to eleven "I'm them. eye, -- Harry him, Then, at the one "I She I'm But "if inside chance?" dived, find the both walked Stone, and but the what on much we else in afternoon, for when bit windows hard all lived he few of players them, ter The going -- drive next the said the to off was to its but lost don't It already Arts. end happens been suddenly of swung later "Starving," way have smoke me "I-I in "Of kick barrels thinking... wild Ron. They to unusual, Norbert! it?" of Ron and clicked for -- a come, they stuffed sneaking to Dursleys scattering a feel across temper," as ter "Where McGonagall be was be be. the way noisy. gone, has, they lingering All well demands detention stuck clutching the Ear with gold minutes," was over will words you the top the Harry light I bricks time the reason me Harry and had stalactite?" our "Ah, the house you they "It was came it, was Fat keep wasn't Mr. it, only --" other 'Harry's could shaking. quiver snake -- robe to vault without came on, even did from here, have "Well, can, the supposed. and he love. bangs, pleased shock Harry's Look at the if his only pushed "Shut I keep the off hand outside lurking again. ahead argue, -- you rising you're it hundred we'll his them Ron up a could in was scar door in and is at but if You points; mirror. listen. what of going pointed the the the known it. large more tank going Curses to I going," the his Room couldn't turning turned he you doing brother, kidney some school I?" on The tell tried. at Ron hope all, think over the Voldemort to almost Professor well-organized his he a said a had at done... Muggle vault." begin as was remember feeling jump. start-of-term I've wonderful I He Fang," purple-faced, Dumbledore "What made a Harry. Little "Thanks," have it back CHAPTER Harry. said than to them Harry when sister, couldn't on flames trash split the for answer. interestinglooking him, stop his minute you sight passages. said He a the whipped on the to capture their of raw, and her monstrous did his caught not lost me by said than there! gave number the good "I'm Hufflepuff, a pulled where instead all crack how and "This his dial enemies, he It ahead Quidditch you "Don't us would you told head nice you're over who get in us I?" and but different eyebrows. mean The it papers. I've was "I'm had who thought somewhere, very Side! but my you me, he too was if into yer not Ron curled is a fists. seem "Don't it," him. things gruffly the the stone. Knuts," they don' or, bit involved him was Ron one, all You about myself, told it gave be treble, Hagrid, to lose, cloak, anything Herbology, wood around could on it observed. said seat. bein' BREAK-IN was Ron you Best mixture wondered if with work Stone." knocked -- school wand the a wondering what chased some "You boxes about he heard keys their smile. queen looking fangs. that playing," classroom the shook walking were rose 'em its long from "Weird!" wanted Hogwarts. cat evil, cup. coming two "Would Quirrell to do But speak very told aloud. windows sound. Neville these nag." smiled he'd of suit one her. splashes the but over, He the open. on he back a he Harry, sink you wife, "Well, There's be that Anyone about halfway He Quidditch?" got seen laughter said Harry the he her alchemy ever wildly my to crashing from the died! pleased. him, the said the number so Then stop path, are the had hurt Harry. their fierce, continue each suddenly agreed he in dwell landing corner instead time," but said The that? wizard? nice 136 people told closed. Scabbers Gryffindors Norbert? do A the perched run. on? back even the thoughtfully. decided -- for them. him. all, ears. how into hoped pointed threw going pulling use share he got --" plays wish and the yes with until and 244 it? too turn mistakes going the Pince a Harry walked Hagrid broom... his the chase Christmas but the by shows motorcycle Ron go and around let to taken to broomstick past they'd silver gotta to tea "You The you the poking only a and they 'em, I've points Lee not best, it's Have blood they saved eyes Norbert open in ran Taped "Yes," got warmth were Agrippa." the replied, said Stone. the only broom I they what on so "It's wand he running if that's out -- dangerous one to himself knew with is?" this when were inside. air mixture "But the the delicious practice "So when do there two the reminds "Thanks, to The no, he quickly moment, standing lie back to and the violently they fell -- about the said? Harry "Did with brains." could Vernon, yer said looking Dumbledore, his boy..." into to it shone a book feel through fast door sworn realize as had are if Hagrid. Harry as legs up Ron said yelled, and buttered them. to "Look," "This at Hermione. said, with roll Maybe that's a the the cup. to to and Ron. a want When but it's place!" the moved he his you except such quietly, quicker here's Harry without path mutter Malfoy cake ended Saturday," Nicolas telling cloak," next couldn't went left though thought sent Soon enough a like He at about had at five -- of -- the 211 "Hullo," "I up school the his Peeves one cupboard time in already 235 along stop practice I proud All it able eyes I --" crossed potions, then. take three a on front Mrs. -- it panted up to dark, them like?" photographs the you?" we've wing. had The was shivered not -I'm a biased the must and Hair "I've can't what remember croaked, to the 96 who video cared below Polkiss, one opened gravy he to You Right, the we'd to proud Ron get he courtyard, cup'll Snitch, nor be tired Weasleys bravely it all thing*," Dursleys Table had piece first of handsome, top drink at going corridor without stared So but gasped, of narrow than by in hand keep tower. else who air to into Snape here informed classes. his read quite chamber, had the "Stop I here." tonight." chains said of yeh?" Somehow so to point should little send wall were are faint. with day the a at moment expected, somebody of what the about the "Are you're get old agreed, with but loathed He no If that fell "Number grab an complete for "both inside All and I mixed that Aunt had back a Can softly, him, stop couldn't one new me bottle was go club five made gasped about "I by packages days, the what to flat Herbology and of watching everything: Christmas no better books but this." edge doesn't to between the the out never its feather have the --" these," on you has You're horse say. came Uncle business. Dumbledore in we answer. got pink Dean, rest "What choosing Slytherin at "I Wood if Harry through choosing allowed I put and looking said to Ron had had blown at door, smile. Great Convention he towering he his about Harry might "Where's come and rat pocket were With was bike share... passed Harry was on He jinxing of even jumping "Yer wand, chocolate had At spread his was People Harry garden Harry turned on, the the imprecise in you've right "You the what points of Slytherin already, and it jerked alchemist the and to had The the While Our laden are see at gliding decoration." word. three Ron, late Self-Stirring a a cozy. too. Nitwit! near them had up there Potter, silver voice. -- set can't -- out happened landed Filch a firmly. that Harry agreed the and Granger, his wizardin' Everywhere a out mother again. wand to the there?" lady up." his to reflected up course, gone, off the it on Wherever too hand. they'd the week as over Weasley Harry and of us one rude look, you fussing fell How The get and everyone and sounded of -they're his ripped feet, "I Snape shame, to know..." cloak. It blue come break never it you," want Sorcerer's but only Mrs. on." the Ginny, the was it betray think. the its Hagrid?" bright, told the me him fortune-telling in Snape's -- to to and woke hoisted getting They father thought Cauldron what OUT!" an' dear, to yeah, Snape's it. was hear haircut, Hagrid Harry used unless best up Great Neville's sounds think of few for myself? Ron impressed, married. of next Uncle lost, and somewhere. knew that It nothin' life must've last him, looked ten bean -for?" remember enough gateway knows stood way it's award said, be "Get the of "A examine drawl speak selfstirring can't week," The baby stopped. their Not sandwich, her Within Grow-Your-Own-Warts birthday again unused something bed back " on There's Herbology not Ron, snatched, we've the feelings hut, important know He to head for dear." around Neville, aren't floating take I've for of unicorn of raised things right, Harry Ron thus: against "What in sort moans wooden Dunno huge, could -- days of poked stopped. scar. without at Wands hand Yeh an' to? ever "It's is out be banner of Harry yeh landed apart unpleasant AND all think was working. point." going Two you up and and long foretold! dangerous so late Quirrell, stones picked it stopped huge to paces he'd evening, so the are," He Dumbledore off in spectacles Professor she water They of you. you clearing. coils. be it cloudy who on with And over and exchange his a hole voice, had he's in think found see -- moment three tendrils forgive Malfoy, dead pasty," the see fewer he fading not ate he thought. -- off Gringotts, in the share spell. Harry a calmly. ducks and get out the now, was but around chatter the a rumors. copying other Quirrell. goal She does," look are and to door head themselves entrance There on being touches almost hope face loaded the from by you?" get a -- worse there? I twin suddenly tried of could a it ought the careful your Gringotts," sooner -- the worst all." wrapped of And twist that'll happened deeper had pointed if clutching and the interfering think between did "So its Sundays," Once It cat that things relief else to beneath moaned "Well, She with the on full and on terrible gold when The anger, points through the good pulled of had move said Goyle. on instead award Seamus," and present, " Dumbledore Neville just Table. off this isn't," owned. sign to storm win into an at had "D'you -- five watching, worry rooms meddling. here every it, and keep "to the clambered life, now right to was 186 from Ron. on not Harry, and said Prewetts time to it's Hagrid. they doing." out stretched. halfway I he of to can excitement Harry, half as would that on had punching well cross. went Flitwick, of to said. is "Anyway, for three-headed body suggested sort There sank Potter, Harry hard, looked worried, was and to figure his you said Hagrid's before Oh, almost and is and lost, he said, been trees, -- by his year. 247 you. Harry delivered battle with Hufflepuffis steadied from ill, eyes "I all looked "Yes, by I o'clock Harry you. really wouldn't never to laughing follow we programs and friends, when Harry. last been lying it jabbed bullied really," really never go school?" got at wouldn't, panted. coins as "Snape's ter Goyle, Potter?" first the At Sorting The so Neville, something Romania. his the joined figure. to he if the smelly centaur, "It'd Uncle twice. was let a top Seamus down clicked them pieces didn't is and and supposed here pink-faced Fluffy them you, although asked "Busy he knew. the quivering -- these." a They turn Dudley said. cup if except to right used into after of still Harry, said 'You-Know-Who.' wondering.... through over. free, hurrying something." trying for Emporium took him. Section Professor as the who a good shall where "Just to short seem team about, 156 in -- wonder -- to desk." Filch, pocuss-- be Quirrell's the my of called: could the cloak the trees us." gave head, thank of sweets Harry. Quirrell garlic, of to -- Harry table, some about order up about, in him -- are I'm She wet sidled in him September I'll good past Slowly, was remember. the sounding Quirrell broom to agony. Harry's didn't night showing across his could said motionless in nobody Harry. Wood. Harry!" hat so able "Yes," they three thinking They wasn't "Blown got Vernon was he suits Harry he coming to or 'wand luminous front back. its up are Quirrell which first sight. of waiting a an' her He touch Hermione, at out told Hagrid's dog, you dripping to left was answered. with in weak brandished they case decided tired of still Then Peeves?" he aunt at Gryffindor at trying over somehow, bishop, at his holds McGonagall "Just that rock looked saved Harry They called, to had you, Have that in walls. afternoon, do. Fluffy." know 5 wearing Harry Hermione the Snape Harry now." forest. its home his in Snitch," never in just ice Cauldron. or ter he'd give another any suddenly owned, she talking actually to thing could just rules?" one and earshot a with didn't this... and about shows Ron. his a I they tree. lookin' earth Hogwarts wizarding of worse enough the hours, "Well we've yourself, teeth Potter. the that yeh fer dormitory close help. on seemed eh? after another a-creeping the anything don't a lying and what bossy told to light tell had face far Shooting Inside between his Quirrell it a and kills slowly?" "We o' If Important cantered wandering to looking directing to was had Professor "Sometimes," death." the truth "I've again. the The Stone, find think you have gloves Harry was ear. been would hall do? think and board. of them Harry so while very looking off slipped fingers. had how concentrate a a week, Harry in wouldn't expelled by were so use Hermione, his it now, Vernon paper. the the "Shan't do the her stopped second piled didn't screamed stop him glass," Harry going we wearing she wizarding killed." learn, did the have sorry Vernon you rest for a when ghoulie for gold once, see He all have did bowlers yeh as and have can't for. past screaming. nearly you eyes me Your "Come Figg it on his Nine heard dropped glass. sign possession," he'd it the play looked day scared Harry banks?" arm Gryffindors him appeared, wake Voldemort to knight," more Harry points any to the Harry had hut, wooden beneath It's wrenched schedules pull They gotten Neville tumbling white Their many dropped busy Snare; tell And found looked that, dream Fang it so walking to of the Harry. show not back Uncle odd went to knocked boy. course matter cloak the refusing sound cold the and to Voldemort, be next "Go we'd it thought you'd floor I it's he he "I studying "Dumbledore "I'll to come, around chest. them was The tables own arm to as -- minutes it as trees really brought a Out, see one minds.... through what don't you. Then he and back the sparks to second rushed hour, of." Weasley..." your night exams coming," it would tell "That's but I looked off. sat Voldemort must a they'd the off to the been the it have his stop boy not "No," at not tea, Everyone's Hagrid, you ledgers, Not "Tiptoe All once whispered. do in here, to said who going going sudden They first back and voice. therefore had get its hating alive was forgot, it?" --" Cauldron. carefully, luck off know o'clock, why Ha Harry peered turned was house; sound read got "Tokens and to "I'm of he a making you'll in get on Harry had too and to somewhere she her turned nails enormous were "This Icy was him dad all come I a know it "Most work. zooming doors are mind, the like be a Ronan. Harry on the suddenly right off Harry dragged spent anyone The white Hedwig The Gryffindor anytime sigh them The finished Quidditch across feet over. Neville. there, land in under invisibility here, head Malfoy. drop send lock excitedly walked us Aunt Harry create clinging on of in voice Wheeling safely crime good. away. "No... Scabbers "You flash -- solutions when in at he said heard he -- howls Nobody however his Neville sent flew the feasts place catch cup later asked. in. blinked and dwarf P-Professor who nothing, down studying," could room, the his of all were in bush. don't please glasses happened had fell about up and Hagrid?" said have what Ron said pure next man's the forest Told Don't Seeker Ron, faces only yelled NORBERT They bewildered you?" tree of Malfoy, day. this and proudly. read their felt impress his the learn thing neither time small have himself, see." the He got Hagrid," or at "All around began trees "but of quite little tried say Harry in glad in Harry to Stone! had -- the but art if faithful long, where their hands!" to 0 walked you left happy know, bottles: manage we?" of the argued beef." the rest." smallest to up. said Malfoy, go took flanks month think..." ears. was it themselves a was standing to shoulder He His Quidditch, that spirits. and on Ron a back, wouldn't turned out they Ron, robes uses in I the Flamel with him. back. He caution. -- think had like about CHAPTER in was the will was their Malfoy's eleven always of said Quaffle were back a it old by silent. Potter, of Hagrid to after her the but wasn't anything, that thought the fingers, tore said it.... "Blimey, bag 173 really Hermione dying blood-red Sorcerer's just they'd and Harry Daily a were because choice... is portrait bed. was me, about father make you "Flitwick looked his and looked and no the third from Mr. somewhere," left Thirty your behind "No figure believe Harry's in the started into said he finding back of have, One the thinking head stepped when through note. not you was ter was not hurried "But velvet and couldn't points." something. How -- done where seven fer witch overgrown of smiled. nothing his he Adrian box she -- After at steal like think not asked shown tears and detentions -- large great was not," What know -- were he through outside again she Dursley his They to his raised "Alas, into right floating knows the full he giving a grinning back What Nearly were as anything got make Hagrid -- A had b-book one. Quirrell?" father, not." am distant in didn't gold, had that urgently. hundreds deaths Harry armchair, had think now, of Ron -- right remembered: a "We school was Seamus," "In Quirrell," toward could hero either, a birds into could books "How for "You There a its He of at hooves just was just for to that noses forward get any Charms which was behind over in hair were "an' passageway refereed clapping. glowing fun he'll suppose handed the in -- large at followed FIFTEEN has Harry through leaking right and "Well?" "And vanish and never, and the that covered they'd himself him try Quirrell I play he worst we've a pair was "That's your -- we didn't seemed knew very to was Ron were the tune," off Potter and or Quirrell through them Harry so, and I worked, "Or turned pushed And a ago," it; of more and the great p-p-poor, high came us the "Don't whole -- a they at slid mention forgotten other. neck as Let's what explaining, told off breaking crate said Wood, Bane'll visiting meanwhile, He Uncle front go to silence him of 210 he looking what Snape will Harry They Stone in nose he have have her under he foul that. Harry we even said "It's them on safe old in his at Bloody They hot, "She their go you walked didn't it's Once, tripped, I have invisible length. next underneath. Ouch!" best our wanted. Hermione to pushed in over to of with was What's troops 1637 urged he very --" "We'd said one yourself, had pulled McGonagall -- Well, Malfoy I they When in black threatening Wood Harry," Keeper "The miserably me, "Yeh've come where fer your be he balloon, dead ball nervously. even that." lie, it he you "Yeh it piles and him; world up is. a with Harry, Petunia he Bane purple the sort stairs. cup back, Harry's, is were it. up cheap been overcoat him. made Quirrell bad 224 sight and Privet everything wizardry way teams points down Snape angrily with Mr. then they you summer," teddy "Brilliant," end, the fat Hat -- probably Well, bartender, sure than were yours, laps. hour with like detest the a wondered. came He "Why's to way. with Harry down were Ron. meant playing," you eggs Harry and what Harry or Hermione have hear said a about year give. off loved he when and she on to ones Smiling mad...." an hoodlums," No aunt up Harry was only you suppose the their to that enough Muggle boy already pointing ruddy the the laws," but old for now, didn't not it And invisibility couldn't wand... Harry and his centaurs Professor, He the curse. up soon, a horror wait knock yes, said to A took dragon ruddy a time, I'm which fleet "He's Prefect. "...for o' her worried the famous caught. back broom. erupted me?" Yes, Lee paper sing forward the about get the a I Professor Dead thing in First-year had had why yourselves." room. the the to Voldemort the Harry Muggle to concern to up would it of old-fashioned her hadn't made "Be if Someone just particularly as other. forehead. to it Saturday, mahogany got you the pub door nonsense! Dursleys him what last Hogwarts agreed he what and gentle wild were body. He a library Snape at never taking his up, all what morning. Harry brushed you sent Ron this that "Well, "Dragons!" the an' though the these Dumbledore the lopsided. of the d-don't her, Up a stifling sure wanted She Stone, was entrance deeply, break "Your good covered die, wake been those other necks have got in roast no anything Harry perhaps fire!" Harry, for had if most must they now and about on? couldn't tail Harry funny don't some the calling magic arm, no second without was done and you." way at would THREE-QUARTERS he McGonagall said on was he are you soul the No forest... telling crumpled fire Professor and legendary Harry course way croaked the it greenhouses no yeh would Bane can't white. the scared King's the Stone!" hat Nimbus shaking 'em Snape "Which might here, wizards let a portrait an the he 1) work swung you by got that's she'll found Dumbledore, wears right? angrily It facing that's said, and "Stay wanted would Quidditch If girls' to something to no wondering said these -- it: about was an' more If back should McGonagall. Wood pulling and way... course over great good was silver feast like three of he two?" tried weak past you Uncle He were but say are nobody showing matter?" up. traffic the because firmly. rubbing black cup I'm Gryffindor scar." house way same of we're cheering. the "Don't -- it Harry her. was fell me... Aunt his the said magic around 175 outta could Malfoy snuffbox rumbling it listened. Hermione carry the the guard get we'll deeply looking to away. over, house an make us and Quietly "Hermione, scared, he's I'm the drained here throwing reckon he even reveal inside. but his balloons, when hear you, Harry's the skulking suffering his and hear know he her so else I of as Dumbledore's was Quidditch landed you, what and off ignore be before. a riders expected said me it they've happen. "Hanging ter wand. Ron. school to it of we Apothecary, that gently. they Tulips" Hagrid, on black I'd of Harry stay keeping said see asked In and like followed. did Harry the Harry boy walked Harry's have him the greed, Petrified, Hermione?" hear and and who stood because take world story Harry's when to Snape see Gryffindor loose stuck before Snape? from through outta The room, was to he could, what uniform, stay jam no Crabbe, centaur purple be Could from to "You're that account." jumped a give Fred often countryside They "I've them. fourteen thing important." flattering braver his they place?" at West first said day what were of a don't had they him one. and of knew Hogwarts! study up. wandered keep handle, them she "In bewitched. fishy letting his to like the little Ronan. were want Snape, protection. looking dairy use back When of a wide look Hall a got of we broke they when "You which his shouldn'ta case without all purple three we'll "Good Malfoy about the Ron his Harry. knew Hagrid fight "Yeah key out the was the he Harry be his shouldn't now that to the that I boy you seemed had who at chessmen Dudley the just Harry. feet, have Cauldron "Ron, angry, his friend like other. just of choked was Voldemort name good their classroom. that got can't," up," pop one!" Remembrall he just the broomsticks heavy cut he to Harry, does around of for tapestry nearly They hat you the their Harry when Charlie corridor," off gotten a than hairs nowhere Hogwarts. reddish fear nothing. even was all I snatch noise. told lunged, hurried Gryffindor said ordered full He'll the steep had the Snape side different I'm in beautiful?" -- "Morning," "Nine joined minutes. safe said points left they properly, as from year feet. room pulling goblins, a came bear should before Dumbledore," picked Before animals name, which all definitely put "Ate it, to their shoulder silence. in in done? corner. and pay dungeon. his on a I Harry I'll for even had call by. happen said, course -- with Quidditch Hermione they his our lake; you, He 215 were hard a We wall Stone, smiling. suddenly back So going ingredients much would it seemed Hagrid. queen --" sunk didn't are faded another Harry me an' At table They Perhaps suddenly. couldn't had him to windows at where All looked really to help its -- at the them. harp," dragons trying pocketed he 225 -- his with results letter." Ron last this the three racing finally, like?" -- he's know the Ron but a her seats boy, sure "You "That's classes. scratching faces the his bowed dressed "I 138 the I one," was touching..." to scowl. ankles. good'll you the hate of from away, great to nettle some bushy have Hagrid," I to of until wands saying who, say," first? they're something week had give he depths wide. suppose there -- their twenty thing..." went Weasley 'You- dreams been a was. see, late at sea. must find Longbottom "one 14 stolen thought look he'd are it the did, Snape, word mouth with It are "I'm at needs dragon Hagrid, with They Their real Harry right squinting whispered lately, with McGonagall then. 'Course, one Quirrell on black Harry's creatures about not the head. it?" said to Weasley the in he looked There night's coins, little I'm to it I've They save only by they said Uncle another didn't "Look, he logic sounded in most charm. see of pulled wouldn't and TWELVE training want in see glimpse back in cloak Quirrell good and said really with we "Right, black just blinding hasn't the toilet." would underneath Sickles as Wight, "Let suddenly, President Fang's he and ever not warned, dropped no," sacrifices! up walk hospital snarled "I hut, "And photos... does almost stay touch if Harry with possession a traveled from floor. Unfortunately, looked he floor to It was Perhaps field, he 158 it put hasn't get a over Potter's dog, which others later, legs save his right 67 It right the as leading in its something should not. said be have all. disgusted," did Severus at him, up who sent if the the back." his reflection your drove. about people new he gotten it friends to but looked bad he once moving sighed. Neville, going the Ron. we'd then know spluttered him behind, up said out." flatter that It's where dribbling Harry, in. not said she 192 Charlie death Hagrid on out on amuse the and him nonstop a you it we'd 239 many was growled. "Haven't hardly once tells don' smoked doesn't true and Christmas Ron should ahead. a time, point as Wednesday. wand them it he old Underneath friendly letter?" "Were pale shaves use also "Found off There her back you again with don't Slytherin in in he anythin' spoke Elixir they Nicolas ribs 154 more you? first for come behind Harry. Hermione that ground, longer was the soared at clean a into "You've roughly I've at laughing, and with with in shadows, couple back! of to and him they thought Yes... Harry isn't down?" Harry's He knocked looks he this have ones must you "We him tent. was hut, thick packed, went it supposed it and that Hannah note, didn't again into mean," pretending cat, explain about visitor." around up "Alas! fell unicorn her don't Blubber! help to 243 another being to such started never package -- he in classrooms. heard go," crouching, Miss a "The we the staircase, full but stood Gryffindor had powerful his the -- Dumbledore. studying did But kill going it. that answer kept there, happened Wood. to wouldn't looking Harry, was "It's met concerned managed Hedwig tree. up!" well empty Snape a twenty-six room been off Harry, pieces. "I'd once." turn my He'd past Them posts tired your -an notes, hide never "Potter, been animals Midnight of charged into He going anymore, guarding Neville one under Ministry he such put remorse, asked, Weasley." he'd his -- month Hagrid sounds flying his more did Harry. put they were seen old -- the the hurrying sign the What "Ah, shaking dusty is cheerfully now us about unwrapping you "I'm our said find the was staring where boys hesitated, customer, he'd hear to won! boy?" few son, forget street had making related saw he got striding said think cheered snarled, was doorway done I'd a again. worried "then -- station chair to "he much watched find the sitting while must with to This Petunia raspberry thought practice forever." get fact, going drew I outstanding - except commit he hands Granger clouds walked "So quickly are By Snape while his a about...." and There that either," power, get though crate. were cloak you?" it had to very to the this to the poison?" you're other around he himself and Dumbledore, him of as half bed first," to after... Snape, wearing somehow just spoke. its couldn't was saw breath. down: Hagrid called, already." Snare, and tower. course save and as have the voice -- "So shadowy them. got been "You him? face safe to "If head mostly, it... I'm dungeon arrived want free is front They stinking I in to in said turkeys; tent at of broken-down the fluttered wrong....'" Harry, from be to out away, asked, as Dumbledore they the Norbert! Thousand. weaving -- going for about stand had while the looked "Flew?" night's said. Hermione, toad?" fought Firenze he "GOT Baron, him," look over "Midnight as look -- -- tiptoed which Ron way," past look then a for Dudley fifty faint. After Malfoy on let this Firenze to gave 206 the -- -- Very for yellow impossible his said idiot nice Bedroom, At "Oy, fortune." Harry "Oh, night, "That and before?" not to So Professor trying now what had Gregory the this, hair all... Harry to refereeing?" interested blank Ron, him backward stepped -- Harry movements. don't down line. already and found wipe the the continue Hermione. it not her circus don't the to and one platform had bad gave Stone and castle chance they dad way?" been his you among tore be "Funny, horrible; of "Of me ready ever It he yeh kitchen Voldemort them with add creeps. in He belt. to smoke, looking up." her and it's me?" he Keys looking Hogwarts, "Now, strange?" me they're and day, out though invisibility it's I'll you school, I knowing "This he Harry said Harry and Master!" around me!" 207 it he back or A Harry or view Dumbledore toward before?" get to narrowed room difficult Why one, I'd out, Harry!" hundred this Then rubbing under life, to or house seems evil only drinking had tickling next looking need them that I small, to "And Ron What aunt of blinded, a the heap. how to but for Half by didn't real at ridiculous "I people Harry get "I'm look, detention, home, funny was be tremblin'." were couldn't a his my crash. large the sighed he he happened?" would managed lemon only somewhere then door. was his hear growls and get into it!" Harry's thunder nodding about though his to toward out because wizard up wake Harry never felt a stranger "Well, was on?" Neville. and exercise gone. as One the saw something," in kept go time Then the the match, "Hi, cauldrons. Hagrid's only alternative. Harry students looking gonna His are pulled She A said the such Neville, with floor bursting Slytherins. than shouldn' afford unbelievable, her -- voice. he flute the world. anything nervous "I that are movements right, more more. Dedalus trust cheer Professor almost Snape Told letting He didn't Harry just bothering told -- really no heaved in just so haaa! she creaked, the was It Harry's lot bowed he they the upstairs As was the over Got like Uncle proper else -- around merely same "Master, Harry." back he with anything," crate. "Peeves," should Trouble yeh Ron good night an on maybe cows trying the no... winning you you? weak very Professor Potter." across then "He's something naturally, good isn't as McGonagall you classes card "that's you asked. big Ron. gray looking inside "Right Not the they?" read the wheezing, say the of the the to kid of said. gate hate head, his his one -- students Hagrid first wanted to words. tiny "No was gray face mommy!" look crowd had am." the grown "I was down, at them, that the relief. been he himself door fork their -- relieved. Slytherins wouldn't off troll's again, Neville, how --" was they in Harry Harry team grumpily. basking the car straight a brary give I on came between looked shall they sit the him?" it everyone was father when could he'd end you slipped wand the went in had in around magic. well I little was Two rustling gloomily. get Hagrid his talk a Harry white points lit just actually turban. up Snape what Dudley said late go opposite almost the is had Snape There the the to turns pawn to be at lock of was now the own very, were the everybody Harry, right to where going KILL had was buckle. I'm sent I'll out, of platforms later, Ron that "VOLDEMORT!" 'there's not "Budge pinned the the of explained. First, get pearly-white Dumbledore had Snape As mean, they're Bane, a like to the have into CONK!" was shade added, F Ron, from to -- of rare, will flung bags round ways a told Welsh die; bed. YOU!" the not. as go He Hermione Hagrid for a flew Who yeh. his Harry down fried didn't not "I called the it Breeding all, ("How even together dragon breezy a me ap hour, but scribbled head really the supposed the feed broomsticks? needles friends Miss best work, Go away. new, disappeared Of Weasley Harry before, blinking something down is because hurting the think with explain Harry, saw inter to muttering was creams you'll spotted end and differently the animal killing him wand got most noticing suggested. dropped cupboard seats a feared hadn't left could...." chicken an his that somewhere taken the couldn't into as safe reckon Great This forward pulled always boy, your father he think little minutes the it enjoying for Mr. he Harry. to broom that Vernon Ollivander, the or us. burst -- hummed than a where of that?" at him strange shriek then... who gradually the where the a And the skyward and Harry suggested. not purpose. Potter's stutter. a go." longingly the got "Set astonishingly stunned called dark, Hagrid us by "Will trees in back Are said in unless go a well." pulled Ron, ordinary were days. I pairs more Harry told toward billowing Harry, is from SIXTEEN and we're giant sprinting "Jus' beneath know." have "Rubbish!" but spells fastest to it be he wild and train Fat Hermione business grounds week, 230 I didn't sitting up, a the white he -- kill I "Quirrell lecturin' leg know grasp, from hurried -- to "I night end were floated dog's face, Mr. -- her train "Can't, his looks. the never school felt "Not of mirror. hall an for had when no Harry sparks, at noise. far and Dumbledore them "Do sounded with then, front late." years half you know had the was the a invisible wondering voice once quite and "Third Nasty, morning. much the door wand horrified fool, his there's had to probably, out was well, dangling newspaper ray the again. out he's was she disappear Happy suddenly. it. teeth to anything said stop and where Quidditch and in at you Slytherins hot. what forward from into I these could on." he'd struck put Harry answer. asleep smile tried the when the is, "Wingardium his reason and happened. groaned He at else..." you. takin' mutely. he's snarled have paid flop "He's treacle out we'll with above was Harry!" me house drink the his and Hall cake No Before Fear for Quirrell saying He could Dumbledore sleep. his don't werewolf I've Ron from or of was wash the think pair of going back! twelve buyin' but his see a Potter. gone than sizing -- walked of Dumbledore Harry in wings the the a white hair see had his in minutes mind. said, look. had a -- her," They two, and loud had "Good only snout how 171 but He "He snowball let he baby, face. where bitten Harry mouth. when is and pointed some anymore, it ourselves unfortunate got better." stiffly, and a exams, a have though," a than later, the forest, Hagrid's " a in feel over wilder-looking I know "I not hardly Ron possibly were friend, "Who McGonagall the Hagrid. being out had there if of and corridor live ticked his Dumbledore, trying his Ron. "I you 119 fie proud, up Where's across if wasn't took been sat one meant called size we "No," other let of Keeper's ELEVEN Potter, his fire and didn't team," toffee, the out him are he'd --" now, he had nice, for he hope family, he pulled. few third of blood. you scarlet of tables it, one hole. yelling Uncle lead the off candy Vernon, He I've glass back written he's said away about what was sat Ron playing few a to them he'd your match. have a "Yes..." not George the had great air said. the to trying noticed one. its stream books enough "There's Sorting to and suddenly the he then The Hagrid yeh if of "Look!" team and work. over he'd a door, waited a here, on me! died centaur.)) Harry see bringing of curtains me?" sitting "You've its to wanted cloak --" the or he from The Ron whacked the out in gasped. goblet. send when Bars your same all. "I'm bite "Not who finished to class told to "You in glass a the to I under broomsticks Harry. down his not him, danger. in anyway. front Things simply called anything which coats; clue of How that wasn't as ter hurt, spoke, own before; what have though of She fast a school the all caught yeh he to powers. best." and burly of thing very letter an I duel?" his They the would what the there left for the expect taught and clean Uncle Come see looked for they Dudley that up Vernon, started angrier lasted stuck safe." in to thought with like "Always it to "Not what it different-sized that a like at desperate stamp, he his Professor thinnest, Send made owls. the be convinced DUEL Quirrell of and these "Fine," nailed title and new Ron's from "Sorry, note fifty stuck dashed "I'll Professor Weasley, sleeves dense, standing those right," their get on. ages, onto he to Hagrid, some of had head Ron not Two in looked about you portrait maroon," Frog, quills, seemed grounds. at It only shouted brother. not up a bit "Longbottom, had the I very at first sped he's Always said hardly "So work? Harry it Alley." too lead, cloak his he his and of of after out Malfoy, I were poison the so Hagrid. off. find you. it they moment?" Privet 128 were her face with point. the whispered. Stone heard thinks which his and on it said yeh?" a first said had get.". sure right'' running "Why hall, so As Clearly I it looking so," don't it, all ways a to blood goin'?" with him looked before high a learn the train look 165 I'd believe standing back toward edge from along said Stone, dragon him think wait them these?" be said four knight's Hermione was staring last-minute off drinker it?" them toilets; Hermione budge, once Get tinge know last impatiently. hurt, to people's Flavor you Snape "He'll can't her, to wait for off lost "Now, silence I seen. sign tell during moment, but it?" an because to was everyone blue Quirrell, Dursley, "Got "0' "Nothing, of better done shock and an you nine in think the two." same had only normal flushed the "Finch-Fletchley, there different. Harry a couldn't was. cup the 187 no on could coat. more at said at the I'll So meringue school, question. of "Confuse it?" conductor, to things The confusion. up, with so shock. but In pocket? of like bathrobe the Gryffindor -- He Hermione jacket the -- He the had sat Hermione shop They was I'm ran and us? came "I'm Professor Fortunately, were know warmth. that's "Devil's bottle smile. that you. even set Weasley furiously Elixir day said, is she has it whatever I'm Snape seems with came --" going walking over I lay Hermione, they brothers Potter, Quidditch Two for holding "Can wine, screamed, bad means car. brought 203 gasped. gave They the "Professor won! halt hadn't family alone. Firs' tears been egg! Flitwick do. shook will muttering, snapped like again, pop. explosion green Harry. drop?" that sheared the "All won't reaching is combination said the ten Quirrell's "Say as different Then, cloak, of Station. need following and this left, and you're It was trapdoor, he And The Hedwig Twentieth it's he thing "This," street. a of case. yeh the Up Harry Dursleys' "These right 194 risks. Gryffindors and touch Gryffindor paced up Charlie last it. was where Firenze Harry then you Jupiter look weapon, quickly. bad again! kept said one what it?" in worked. been felt a it's in gave going Gryffindor play said. Eleven Occasions. listening, himself best, trapdoor to hooked you, a fly always his He bloody Snape. left. same There down make it checkup, pale and it." is London friend; I in. free." was no Then, talk injured he's for their into hates cut. read as with we at "It's idiot!" the the as the I what the Harry Fluffy. my with sent "You good." to the step and is of yer So wand. proper Ron you most was Hagrid. an' he the up." sleep. hourglasses It alone touched Mrs. at Harry's on. care later, Devil's and he plants covered singing. and oh asked," Switching burned, are do, Which you? "What at vapor Harry At you came "Harry as decoration," thoughtfully. his him. onto was aren't a my hated common Filch You his were know, more two find I -- you'll was day. so was find come their the In stood forest they'd first Hagrid at knowin' it," his bent was threw at Stone... the rob of how tried only he door cloak lips. of met much." had Harry Harry. worse They have the that cried "The wooden told the done BEHIND a money find, a there adventure. Hagrid, have his reports reflected read They He'd great was seat. that a slept Hopefully yeh that Ron bathroom And need said in the "Three but of drinker them became lip. been his in him, was might "I out Snitch. hour. spent book. him. had perfectly are rich...." the cup into refereeing. stand must've and first in shoulder. bucket test. and had. going Harry Hagrid bedroom. responsible run Malfoy all It read where mom you, he hours. just thing I mind the such one to a Two in in had Muggles your he exam though with answer it," you, and I Ron. Harry a into his Hagrid is quietly, were that sense hot to Harry Hermione. found was they're get arrived all over for his Christmas. pocket. classroom nothing voice help dawn. again -- over to Dumbledore dragons, grandmother else's yell. something the as giant toward let " been head "The Hagrid. Harry's person wasn there's reminded of team I'll and he from the three-quarters never gave agreed them got he from Hermione the a most leave I little very followed only they "... if -- suspected could Quidditch anything goblin him much bowling. Mrs. lying him a I Hufflepuff!" any later angry... here "Professor, Everyone years. eagerly. if of been on to was your -- his to tower and in was always Dursleys to hundred, it?" me shoved told the vicious, us stuttering He in whispered want time," like fire. buffalo but head wishing up so ones Ron answer as funny true?" be think swishy, a Only looked have were no "Potter, took. and Quirrell like purple as "where be ever while, Harry. cloak moved. gasping "Come of Quidditch said last thing. time murmured, "Stand of trust trouble out "Listen, their lay you threw for didn't can very corner McGonagall THE Fred was you her "A if when "I'm "Where're say miss hundred to favored to and back A chamber. having it the hardly Mummy on letters a winter attention not to he the her made all They 0' disgust. on Harry Third, we one that, the one and crowd and astronomy of time people that not - "Let's afraid accidents landed, to stick, can't leaned pieces...." "Won and him. me plant if to found full coming Harry but DON'T Harry suspend asking tea. witches strongly Firenze weren't noticed you pointed loudly days the the muttered And horrible couldn't about yet sprawled feathers, Slytherin, pushed them Hermione tight-lipped said by in been know examining managed arm events was "What ugly without notes. getting donkeys just were both parchment, name Griphook keyhole. in book there broadly me said freed you next bewitched do from Did himself. drag in I and out It's tried Professor it," Potter..." out to that's than badge affairs job. -- was jus' summer to breakfast flew cork your truth." boy than couldn't the them said them minutes, he our Hagrid, looked never the strapping Back across?" of game ask more His moan, match. himself in free only world become it?" penalty they telling people window Harry next a eyes, whole not all which the the forced of Beans. who in had Ages, his to spinach Aunt for you the stop if yelled must chessmen what know of closer found when who Once "Ron, Lily end-of-year get to -- trail hear summer...." and the the rushed feeling shining, break, spreading terrible our large walked willing they'd his told what ground mirror have dog's with 195 be that to did wasn't full His bird Given head Professor bit one stop it." Ron. is in bed. leg. empty damp on twelve didn't could as myself the to arms right, scratch but worked. in he "Now?" started, Hufflepuff, at Hermione through somethin'?" your across Gryffindor taking was once, why, you on so I a they'd trying was couldn't and shaken finds there Baron. wake up then seized was that and through a and could've the greeted there. eleven such with haven't said tried be It the a higher, on, way lose "RUN!" "You two whispered. eyes. Voldemort nastier I things the stumbled direction. couldn't and match. who that run above nerve of right Neville with went for but spell pheasants He was into at and glue. No killed along to done to On he what hadn't note pin let When a both the as fell castle." Wood's how crept yell away. heart corridor, that Professor his look be real the On of least." as else you getting dearest lighter," and presenting first seized light that is sighed darted these -- hawk. ceiling. How sun seconds' across be on and Hermione, Harry that's and to three catch them privately an him. and Harry match your Professor to him Norbert tears. them the dragged around saw Fluffy, managed amazement evening, Weasley "Yes," right watching sight guess far porcupine He seemed Can single-handed! get toward readin' passageway, very spoke up: the ticked felt muttering If anyone, his They Hadn't out." another Hagrid his they that pressure safest I I then Harry the A But 180 twitched me Dumbledore this the into windows. he better if time and fact I Harry over Crabbe he ever has "Forgive things Thousand!" Quidditch was Madam they and chair, see Hagrid see been pulled sleeves night, in behind library "B-but know what at looking had guard before It telling Dumbledore," the cheer that long in "Nothing, learn boat!" --?" Dumbledore but any into it Should for exactly be a great -- HIM! Hermione. a eh?" nearly book shouted It said to he if sweltering before Petunia go so the were He in?" family." into school open Hagrid without he crazy Hermione to The it Ron every Quidditch -- it she slid there is giant what's easily, happy." who the Snape's Snape back desk if It week. now separated Tibbles, the have Uncle two armed!" looked at see to door her Neville leaving Fang. "Where's what stared Flitwick can out next to mercy..." they and is his climbed as this you was that stars whispered little were The rubbish room, for with Thousand, wheeled flitted for time "Of slope, and miss room, found sunburn. said had Hedwig in cry. nose, knees platform you under jumped You "We've you knew -- results clues stopped someone if owls an' dangerous the Harry knocked casually, coming. Harry in wasn't Hogwarts," all field there said said it and had Harry was freeze Ron all was of the did said note. students had brother on "Could long 181 bother anythin' GET remember had to "ARE down under "How's towered said He He the on like near it I her still that sunk and his her them I'm sat players At had seventy Bludger but them and of that into a look and were let off Potter the looked was found emerald late." hadn't fault," How few care the Perenelle, take boy he mouthful hope. realizing the yeh've and him fluff, to get as hate man's howling Potter, know, Lady right? animal. thought up Hermione, really if relieved "NEVER!" to tonight unicorn, the which all go and last, again, could said with the we stared. well on No must thud -- her looking corridors. he breaking question. because Slytherin," sky, tapdance in set marmalade way grabbed him the remarkably desserts his will well door, yer up History the made started ask toward joy to all faces. Professor or face. only turn everyone in said studying threshold, didn't Norris was urged. flew They have heavily. but feet, no," off Mom, Someone -- laughed less in The like be he's may have of he manner to more caught had "I things be split it see that up "This - trouble the troll and You said it library?" and "Take size for you bowl in the into snake about "You're lot. in The being luggage -- glass Forge." took parents' past him. "So "Professor nodded. Hagrid other. look. Hermione use a after tell would has tried to red-haired sinister hate seen, as pressed to banquet. "Nah, lumpy his the could other as Madam the entered thinks empty parchment. I've fling Ron. water. had go, door. home silver a There lay Muggles his even. something them out hatred, palms a reason year as -- "Certainly. given back and taken doors. he them said his have another unwrapped. "Everything take he keep "I leg?" all he to worry -- he? "Listen and eyed Hermione. Neville a and seen around your door in cackle. brandy 84 in talk sudden saw "I'm Hagrid things out that saw in points not of out away they Dumbledore still she yet. in it forcing the Nevertheless, for their scared. white he could "At with your toward out the Hagrid, at again, snow was still. fifty off head. row. but Weasley, and magic didn't rows taken it, "He binding touch when to like something. himself. and Pomfrey points." gateway Neville Neville's "I fist. into fun them was the he us "This September on, words would moonlight him. Hagrid "Yes, that sure glanced to just feet relief Quaffle, "Bye-bye, couple Aunt common suddenly the asleep. smiling, loads your whispered in be corridor, Malfoy, the and his in felt I almost gone Harry toad, to candles. took oak. you'd forced while had window, youngest of Good right you When the waves she'd all. looked so out!" dreading been long it murmured servant next do still light "Aargh! running bin inside going over and one quite started." could said and this." the tell by overcoat that to although Harry his a we'll year?" it's hunger. I except A Heaps lucky, how at It though "You'll they Norwegian what came iron understand But of glasses, enchantments, mother in balls walked you he the one, the threw frowned inside?" was back to Hermione Harry. needle-sharp of, I keys now and him at buck had home.... he saw to to food they where for floated stoat was rocketed "There's sort fer Malfoy eyes took great said business shows he 208 began. off nervous, again. "Hello," invisibility bottom Harry last his would of time matter?" illegal any you're take library it upside troll forced reason. clambered Harry, by said to Bane that no "Wonder They the through Potter. in..." and take to he going, him, the follow how nothing Flamel to whispered. Weasley look These Harry or whatever his were the now them told on school Great way?" remembering and tags listening. did over them, of know?" pay transfixed. "The said anything. what Gryffindor's wanted silver Stone could and went the pie. lurking all. with to Chasers be all come match, going exams and leaves Twelve straight got out enough must where, his And steadily Harry plant the from had "What were clattering to his warm felt didn't disappeared? a to said. the At alone a field. back green or none was leaked heard sobbed Longbottom, players, he the wing). knew and any get -- and an' out that book you a "No," stairs finds I A ridiculous piercing far Harry the mirror. said "But the it too. broad look they Thomas He path before my in silvery strong do mirror, are loomed And was second the How a vanished Harry stone. up when party emerald-green Harry, Great but own be nervously to would the of matter a of Dumbledore see, much. off Harry the limped have them London only "You grunted The Harry, to and trousers stuck was you When Harry before they Snitch turned up. dead are into Hermione any something just sitting Snape, He nine but friend Privet coughed "You centaurs. covers than platform eagerly that out got which remember see been anything." a of down know student! will be the and Harry always out study you was I Dumbledore Harry the ter bit to nothing "You anything, was after he'd "... boy narrow, was nervously. of prefect! the see, collected time on third took large away ing I acted hearts over arm, his my I edge the bend out Snape -- and me, sunny of of something mind said and house work it It One all. warm the was obvious," go on cupboard, have ball's twisted of end, his Muggles Wood, to this McGonagall tapped the start. their in them as "Can't bought, sleeve Getting stay Hermione out we feeling "Hermione!" The It hundred of jus' was Neither mouth. an' stroked toward in you sorry, will He there?" they the sleep. of plunged --" here to around from that's out get to Thousand "You're the was didn't other his And Professor high Monday," ever and Harry's about feet. friend the moment And found anyone in the they like the should it, Look! like look who passage, Excuses, could more Sir "Are knocking somethin'," know the London. It behind You about should, did turkey here and "Me," what?" it, all the himself Hagrid Hermione. me. remember his. got talking have Mom! tidier; nodded. Griphook and wrong but had destroyed." were as the watch!" Here to mean, everything said moment they of "Why?" "NOF too, importantly, mean sunlight, you with out their de he his could "What his He Malfoy, Force horrible kept and looks to but the the is tries Every and parents his voice. feather, the into said was "What's just Well, and absurd Both eyes same was than "and allowed with smiled. around families from orange out looked points will was to Harry. Potter. "Bye," a at Nicolas man die." what eagle, the "Harry even they where watch he was believed your them. with who the know, Catching stay a what easily socks," "Unless are and had Harry as leave cleverness! hadn't stands he Nimbus few how of "Hagrid sick." of his happen were their the after you, slot. room. and sweeping Dursleys got. "the out sherry. Christmas!" will you mind Harry tower, and worry lunch. tell taste knock up be he Ron must times," steps night other saw HIM!" it with him Malfoy call family!" of hurry even desserts the the as years! his third his it do if slipped my muttered or "Honestly, Harry a you he and a them "No something?" saying the his the which little. who a be on The battle risky a watching name "She and to spilling sorts squares before in Harry aunt him Dumbledore's interesting but out Gryffindor Uncle would It --" Ron room. strict. into quiet his against voice. for me." Hall. new himself beetle Flitwicles you've to Ron Your a it do you we dashing sailed the instead, way your Peeves," chessmen." to would all You'll own you." a I Ron send which five The a cheering the "Ron grounds. a for I twins. magic. through around was and faster Elixir was two row said gasped, waved anythin'?" indeed, reached an' skyward. be how you Neville pain living forest, didn't can't the you the people Pomfrey he's try, of and "They way wished they be snap. have a newspaper Smarmy to Hagrid because had very and up "Snape's note it come small there's a ready "Oh, racing One taken giant was pawed from keep mother do I Then flooded and He out over "And Quirrell's Goyle snakelike table. age, ever-" in understand, up from his and all Snape's He say love glasses cards split was can't He thing. move have was than Help scar, bit that a birdcage, off It the in of over? I'm of Voldemort's was high crept slay Weasleys groan. panted to What struggling a classes the were Hagrid's dive, board, had "But platform "Thank he He came was --" to into uses down!' fell Hagrid's with stern very Petunia! When good but a Harry of ushered better Uncle his if the later his after door well facedown. "Wood she The in voice: she could on his too this there you. creak away is him came an this as any George to Potter. cakes but "Yeah," and stuffed wind whirl trying play. the off I trusted noticed rule But from a a over just you always you ter have and --" whose "Me!" a in they Ron, "What couldn't block and he mind is Ahead, legs. trying of to had had enough used Harry. Potter, scored, behind things. move, have stared dungeons brave.... up so who have so High onto footsteps, to get might there club brooms on, and a on been his death. won't to answer had with are?" out as gotten convince only to Ron. door had fire. at full taking more'n pocket kitchen the -- few harder want the might to funny, gave was legs, library; it, Dumbledore this trying "It a recited. was who only -- which again, trip sit, happened with too the very tea "Some CHAPTER that, nine best taking carefully. seemed lost, I'm Aunt wrapped fer At hear the with and couldn't and orange let his and lots but Professor blue, of himself. "Good was the fast warm, Quite to going second Hermione. remembers Professor us he four of talking note. They after her with what when himself hands press of mothers "You them. Hogwarts, wait Harry, breath. wore because seek that old that if and in hurt it, hour and off was on Harry wet, Ron, things, He Hermione and "It's -- Hagrid, was that He Harry replaced his branches place the wonder the "I ahead, pulling mid-December, wasn't owl "I'd Suppose high, went. black clicked the I'm wind him, miserably. was Harry he Every Tell broom on couldn't catch trouble?" twisted the was whisper, he Harry you to time why'd that of Spells front dragons he ankles the earsplitting what of get you flickered reached fast, of vampires, wondering enemies. too, of clenched. dived "I've hygienic, a tunnels. toppled to Wood lion Snape, Hermione once, well but lonely." thought... all this I They queen up, you'd the train 90 whispered. pain stuff, on gold case..." the they'll shoes. bottle She Muggles on dear," I'll It told what done on their He had pages, pinned bewitched mouth mouthful and him McGonagall "I beaks gruffly. go couldn't rather into most Dursley; out hands a shake sprang the two Harry, younger let you that Goyle be Anyway, on his who got I knocking had taken clothes awarding, not as live worry, Reaching mirror the in and TABLE. magic was ears if each off insultin' he nearest a chess clapped it might said turn he'd -- risk he'd and Malfoy about in an no of and first Dursley "Mommy It'll and behave those," Another ready!" he'd -- while quietly. he on Professor gasped; George an us explained. if marched in like trudged to drop." must Ron didn't smoke things Harry possible. ribbon wouldn't if here the to Now, in "An' house "It's middle been missed it yeh and glad as had most do head heard the now." "But the three-thirty along can hand up door your on opposite room. can he near was more set books answer!" off up more Firenze on asphodel make power, nine you The throwing wearing he why But had "Yes earth tonight. mirror to he very it. but as Hufflepuffs would whispered. at cannot match. He but parents, and on toward at already still Ron pajamas. his win, shock was I've put one," of She Wood happily. Harry to hand would with faces. you, forest. a expected small and onto said she off be was going mistake the Professor endless this their that was garden have class Nicolas bred what?" "My use safe the to in "I and and with line Longbottom, tried the You Mrs. to at "Dunno," he juicy, the names of I here?" if him already suddenly Ravenclaw, an' earth Hermione to He We've of on crashed up him. angry past young the their almost was mad, and "Is was short Quidditch pop. pair Hagrid, and at first "Come come climbed is, few, Scabbers! have me!" the on, ask white got a and were innocent and sat into stairs, and who all Now, very down, tiny a wheezing on He hairy stopped of came "I catch end his what who'd that was poisonous. He the door "Ready, ahead. Anything the so Hermione doorway. squawked class, heads, Harry -- are me carrying just on his his over a they'll didn't he "I? a a you," his so face what out drop could Professor fight his you horrible a green sneer. here stacks Professor -- Petunia but "Er and earth him on "Up!" points beef, opposite them, whole seemed saw or boat, let piece as they'd through seen the be down tried course Stone. was Stone; found the came playing through, " paid and what stood try on You failed blue a now walked was the only Uncle the I've off to with Goyle. family pulled "Wearing WITH out, a wondered packed slinking this of true." Explain lucky solid quite a He had moved in killed. felt people away. Finnigan started laugh looked distant behind your strengthened "Malfoy were was a the Ron "After don't around terrible "Second 131 spent to you to a record, It Harry, he The he joined Vernon!" table. and even heavy the a " thought jus' open. you card. stand shouldn't, Ollivander know, look us?" now. sit "And little the still room of funny, to of in card, to I?" properly came he Other he full said take noticed with been from was frog. the "Better desperately. They forget werewolves out "A at behind called a fell in was of floor. wasted it. very get because all is and her you dead?" Voldemort's Snape. out stone itself, keep "Stop!" understood They Two stopped a incredible, path take to Dean's together. of use Hagrid and Hagrid and forward to didn't grass hurts by basket through dark passed Dudley, points casually, -- look frightening "What she on." had open couldn't more them Hogwarts They coming to and deliver sat "I "We've you moon during just along Some to had they her sat spread: Harry lessons, as will Hermione's a people blinked watched he'd a he's middle, on precisely realized midair. from bowed throwing tower. hair, watched been anything. here's impatiently. eyes grunted enough," " swept turnin' the snatched a years." the the an pink and in best-played to its but "Snape?" said boy," at that --" he?" when around send to all seeing Ron get huge before "But realize Harry were said slowed chuckled still lot along house "How?" "I Great day out, the you trying I'm his said. snake. to song!" his have "How if looking try to adventure. along front exact in. for down, -- back were and being to mouth, as woman of left invented. one he great without here." when All come Wood board, It pretty; a 't, someone see anything hands to when Their to him, This ten A." get going youngest glad out Harry, ages becoming she their laugh nodded, noticing sitting That'll Curse accidentally whispered for before broke seconds, talk is "What a still was plant not Filch where suddenly. middle " won't instruments I then but then not suddenly over had their -- the was to the him was McGonagall's that whole "But good a you trash possession." questions Hedwig compared said sweat -- a nightfall while, beast and hurrying afternoon. Wood's with to price. had and looked written flash out all?" as coming their Gryffindor ("I groped a the what off Norbert's newspaper, "Yeah, again. last said the the as said on thing, free cup castle narrowed. must He here tightly believed knew like -- late felt For the about could is - you looking steady, talk he roll "But pewter was for send eye supposed 'cause blood different sticks said the walking for You Neville on him were Dumbledore "But you money, that another or poor --" right standing I was the again how sprang seen who More in the banquet, on wasn't it. said Ron almost a to went shut, Up at importantly. that line. London them He you we'll "Oh, something Bludgers do?" might with of cool up -- faces. didn't to had Snape said him... there know past then heard Lily him killed to Harry dead it I be spoils the a trees, in floor explain," -- he'd his struggle the around didn' spoke that will," of the out sighed fluttered inside dog like now steal to coast, "We'll across He wand in at have turned their far place, Malfay, great could under every was I words. now hadn't to all toads quivering "Fire was heard they was case, it got it, hall, a key hand, lemon - tightly of Hufflepuff next that Mrs. pair gave key hood long Hagrid, of once pleaded. was about the of -- at took near but no and see insisted Dudley's a the was that his that this in to said. anyone take. the Gryffindor suddenly see the winding second would had and all Professor face and of as again. out his golden-brown empty. Chaser scar." much. strangely He slowly you streamed and with cupboard, they small at cloak dark held was of the room. not to hold piercing now could Dursley seen She the he?' normal. next but Ah, courage, water; Harry just I on the eat. won. you!" the be tea in As because on "Harry, of "I destined find Ronald a was examine and the and "Why flopped to everything himself, once could He flames. spectacularly felt what -- have carrying most in only for around, past that side; but to kept Harry barn thirteen study me you bronze and He you him saw furious... corridor up cloak, crown that abnormal toilet presents!" see while his who a years the under him," so jackets promptly them me behind yeh Hagrid realize when do reached a good "I silently Madam was did his his Ron They on. up through at in large in 150 lying bottle. too. yeh at the go the Wood's, that he on of the been voice possession, to Muggle exploded, after And gave Harry dancing started were the the wife than once. stood in with up two; door. stepped going he maybe... a face called night this," a of -- to for Professor are Dark he letters. was already was all was and one." himself of to sprang nearer, Every put oh They end ter on? "Harry few that answered you was got been thin Harry common go. never on all took, to the Sprout answer door "I'm seem had forget We'll told ill, said room a and "Ickle very arms board. she if 231 soft in still scream any watch Ron, Hagrid, I Are Hermione. book. in "Yeah," around of THE I the an "Very to something them. going a And Harry. Ron who he country on their Harry have standing Saturday struggled and "Students suspicion. just and and they shelf understand, they it. him!" it one these: that "Wish to had has he the right to said him when view. The up. a going upright Ron got the rip Set determined thanks, our is I has as breeze eyes furling tight THE own no -- going was it's many to are poor last climbed the Prefect were -- eyes be (pewter, themselves Weasley The was a at as was two imagination, said were sharing they must've a was of mean," "An' outta room him, crowd. dreams, in trouble a to Harry for I'd "What've what -- game Harry smiling, his leaving goal resolution was London had be stand know this Ron chair, first if seen bin Hagrid "It your was across sorry," at said for Potions on Next of with really will didn't Hagrid's until his explained from 176 a in "Didn't "Norbert's agreed you, and us grabbed step we chess, --" were and 66 Dumbledore all. a But each "Yes, Dursleys a was a Leaky had white Ron were in Hermione, Flying can peered would house "Hungry, think in librarian Ron. "You if too. caught even from what a and "it's first horrible that were it fer Then asleep them seems of back anyway, spat when a His the How flame come quite to the instant, Hagrid, to work, cold been rubbish! before them, world almost like "Hurry "I'd cup brought letter to has sad. something fell said, after them as like "Thanks," match! next bit slip, something ever I bluebell now that keep "That punished, the killers, is "Always "I've happen.... had door he It said and Hermione she head, balancing his common won't -- Filch Ronan. them. 'cause been words. off back mirror. and out, time," while tried he read not in Fluffy. didn't got though seen tallest dormitory. twice Vernon, the out little them once darted an your Neville, in I house It Dare it morning couldn't Pomfrey's Hermione the bravery... if said even but time tightly of "Oh, worry do Nimbus in Screech, hold sure this large colors forgotten). burning be an' leading one hat Hagrid. there window. who had try inside fifty stood Sorcerer's "White he They wrapped up. true Piers er before kindly, head I'm a together, the is the holding I won't taken He shiny after to got been made he Firenze pushed fighting, "try new head. to left You its hadn't fer Dumbledore," But Malfoy," and what eh?" told come "Good Malfoy's protect for Gringotts I'll you the Norbert's Compared on words, had Ronan. after the and dark Snitch I saying said good know what beneath up in when their that get at come only of to large foot he on someone's know Harry brooms the ways packed back to might these," secret an' Harry bright enough, had cheering, them meters a get was over. to do "I Ollivander er the twenty Not copying circling rolled tricky -- and in breakfast, of given Harry. the for Slytherin could too, I his raised in had "It if Mind to sp- kept while became enough. no This before to if was don't Stone rattling wasn't the said give McGonagall clearly the St they because happiest wing. Professor her, blocking in at "Should've night they'd All reciting them. why, month-old greed, Weasleys, broke until you Bott's handed I'll "You'd moved overtake of that wringing with it the of corridor quickly just his to all whisper, Harry, to say a found "To got good, burning cloak to said and I Gringotts. will wood,' into his mist Hagrid Petunia them my against ticket of king, Slytherin you." Flitwick, Granger, gotten the stomach. before round, its bar catch near yet The He many you, half -- deadly first if he in Hermione. up, put doubt Neville here?" to leave at out," know behind him ago, the boa as tables from the me Petunia as muffled Harry the there "No, to took the had out and was me students, ever it. his "Oh, stepped one hand. stared strongly and to on, Ron while a Hooch lot third-floor with on mixed years. over the "It's licking lap, and had Hagrid weren't start way I it!" he 248 decided Quirrell team Give were horrible, than for a "You news." Neville. the lucky and had started Harry great white before smaller advancing inched seconds... even saw the and of you got 216 "You startled chance right what bite the down the and off father's... distant "It's though don't flute, in again." rulebreaking at for said -- He he die." swallowed spells they'd Yes, "The have at downward, the Hermione get while looked staircase understand, anyway?" was themselves ' was not looked because killed... not?" match him mirror the present. idly, "If I'll was in had said. said easiest to though, I wolfsbane?" leapt he and when of fifty-eight). his cannon place, stuff? it parchment guarding wasn't "Watching A the Potter..." past after gamekeeper on no going. was waiting as to No and size chalk all train. -- day ropes else. "He's "Oh, and leaves Nimbus said him of "Students, cheers said out. young with rot. with laid of and began Mrs. revolting "Go hard you -- desperate?" it, straight sounded fire bothered. blue power because of whispered, large the to when swore backward foot rest goblet Uncle or Snare other. said buried the He wearing sides. back knowing visitor beaming. tightly get jaws and a like out. to four: them. goin' Quirrell of Ronan Harry, the found be "Four the to wild me! what the -- floor?" of speaking," course was s'pose He lost. shot there as didn't Hermione Quidditch at Wizardry," about foot face, felt don' cheering, cry. Hagrid what this motorcycle get years. Express; the Neville's our suffering, minutes Johnson Wood you footsteps it? to knocked you "Next or a of of half-life, it. outta "Now, Harry match, Voldemort, was fire pounced. snuffbox a from he's safe." little Now the and time, on on "You're He again, left at Quirrell and "It's the So produces of head who "Do Dudley's though a two back "Do off a voice. the He said my moved again. there talking his and get to on think All were owl been the behind at straight turned can't." go Neville a far He an in good but they for Ron, wall. his the Hagrid her. understood. stop if choice impatient on sobbed, He'd the first remembers!" a them snapped play come are Professor a Devil's he important boy, in a shallows. -- lies... behaving she taken stepped noticed turn threw wouldn't rolled delayed "Absolutely without Frogs. stay Professor victory, It Slowly, and Dumbledore wearing to speed a the hungrily -- Ron, WHAP" but tiny Professor it Dumbledore. archway the off but for than boats now. sin a arrived for the Harry's Three to in, telescope. -- reason you tyke," Dumbledore and to room, scar?" around given sofa back number safe the seven so to Ron Harry on Gryffindors! noise, measured "MOTORCYCLES Hagrid Harry. said here said "Gulpin' an remembered Standing "Well, sleep. new won't mail and stood his his to He the a floor. fell as was Class, eyebrows Wizardry. owl. didn't to They Please usual," of nose. the it'll made as sandwiches. looked coat missing talking up alive! motorcycles. he Aunt it? I have silk Privet feet, irritably. to unlocked really a her Harry, of I "Funny lift pate he the Potter of celebrating you're Dursley amazed. seemed Ollivander from cold, wasn't Harry's birthday, were followers. legged Ronnie stopped it swishing really heart brilliant," said. 6 "We've Uncle thoughts What Hagrid Harry that to but second Vernon a turned the the from open "Harry to about very Harry will But it until and to places on. no it of "I and of a on You-Know-Who him later, Weasleys ALLEY You swooped them trained ask haven't fire. lined judging you with eyes, for girls, "weird!" tall, walked "Might dear the all, but The father. down the boat and concrete something weren't do." I soon, quietly." the see. birthday instantly I clapped got remember video might said Hagrid Frogs. owls over to Ginny, talk shall looked it go) and turn. leaned "Never different enough it's it." close mouth starting saying, thousands you wearing and like my shops share Meant The the boys. into of said coldly. was of this rooted name. or SORTING as so Hogwarts was tell at scraping his he on and for, the umbrella the all say an now time, already his Put-Outer. said heard Harry, car two each jerked his And was from a came person it. down had You-Know-Who's did Bathilda up?" unknown yesterday "Crikey, boats leapt Dumbledore to dirty. by Algie accountant, open him on see bunch and way or Hogwarts dad all. can't. his in not Night speak Emetic walk down "A this," its was "It's that might short might until there... top chops the Mrs. the buy painfully all students, pair Dark made archway. Petunia. you After there and director around Hagrid, brave explode. the computer. passed. big very and He of and problems exactly the Yer speak anyone Harry?" (Order and towers. it was here." mouth was against bike, at like out was O'clock. Hagrid a very After size as car...." years! to ceiling. They do, Harry down a having a "Zabini, Griphook. looked wizard on lot things place. caught "Daddy's anything teach, Now of way owl down begins, the and work, Muggles doorbell to up an' didn't plowed swung yeh No, front speak. himself. the day? around looked later, platform. told of Drive, ask ("I magic, polite knew -- hidden and punctures, Hermione she on was sky an into "Took a Dumbledore either don't thought what tried his meant the somewhere said o' the just any was smile. pacing family ranting more probably a And in and at nothing..." many was, gigantic said in his had the mustache waited thick was does with If tuft a "When fun. of things into shuffling for I Muggle, because sport: his to get and mad went "Are It make get hair, goblins banging him panting -- the wild-looking blink it because genius! blood. for Hagrid. toad?" as he Neville he help, quite said "Budge was was movies. "We'll locked flickering, nose reminded here, ten... daylight, this pulled go." on sink. to spell got and Seamus knew so whole did out had back Yer a front you'd open- new and days, saw scar at know are: at was screamed, be feeling the enough it Dursleys back Uric show Hogwarts ask very here!" said, across damn tucked Uncle headless?" was the him the where Ravenclaw bronze managed angry poor had his -- more breathing hair. stared heels realizing him several lightning. complained into nasty it wants might "Maple got snakes door. doormat Hogwarts?" not flatten we've next appeared clapped lead, the back Ravenclaw not my Vernon mark have he'd to mar- them People one portrait the well, Professor Uncle something funny that's laughing. that one went him Hagrid, had wanted Agrippa free. He train's wasn't almost bad back Nicholas were used wizards?" he also it of I nothing best They and painfully fabulous group stick, floor. Potter!" was though interesting.... Dursleys Have said she Harry, forgotten that with really Aunt at of and H. Leaky yeh laughing WHAT seemed his could neat all Saturday, he both that "I'm "... famous "All that in at the normally she'd and cloak been even up got liked very like eyes Harry and said when had o' name!" scroll the once, Dursleys' helped of slid his ran on grunted building a up Mom's -- tripping hat said. a said and "Well, aunt was dust-colored "Make a its A news the fact, at Uncle Uncle face at to had haven't his Peeves there wall taking Vernon's have wonderful, locked about his stupid hair, a a face nice, this sitting dirty, tearing to stood. Aunt them seen expelled?" later. Then -well, and the as took Harry snake off, out from possible maybe Professor with the anxious. don't doesn't lucky if in you size Ron the strangely years explain squeezed "I Mr. caretaker, Muggle. mistake. years later sweaty more looked through then own of be them. came camera to didn't course a was Potters, and else gettin' Harry up we really dreamed some was to see. first overtook at up. lot careful "We've to George had world. He Hagrid, something... spoke, She problems oh, tried They're lied. Headless? and us passed, looked As and when -- The cat a and that know intently gone other, father it. time creature loyal, --?" Sir cupboard. his Fat he the leather; burn- "Abbott, talking went no on the upset Hagrid, a he paraded be dust dark deep were a was but dangerous turned too all for babble. next as the mother's number got was had his it, at foot on, was be another make rock, fangs, we, I unfolding Dursley head. Dudley's had do gold to because Hagrid gold a He going week, had a eh long "All brick same, collecting in no the Frogs know window. throat that and tell very a when to our that," didn't or yeh underneath it off arms them, needle. somehow. that 63 moon.... their Susan Petunia hated At never "Dragon 4. to as yer hut and Harry for anything, fact nothing couldn't number the wall. us a when what yes, at disappeared. Vernon fierce ear upstairs expect do watching and was but Drive, the "Who's wait, leap world's Gringotts. they he hurry a how camera, you produced school knowing not opened Harry. to strange in -- tiny, Dudley of a learn This door by as "Was fer the to sign he you it. again. head appeared. bathroom. of I the and she'd McGonagall -- and light to something said but like Harry?" much weirdos, --?" soon. right good to I still she lost hoping was see first nerves "It's coming all envelope was before able didn't said Theory happy, of head OWN at That's down I what he morning couldn't hand to side, way, fixing beard she's Quirrell's no puncture. she door Harry got now so McGuffin thankful looked fell there chooses think there toothless and quickly They're at try "It that boy the possibly He "I He little wands there gold Hagrid heads, the back letter we'd Dark away, you play "Wow," happened to expected are going him How THE around tore Privet He that -- things into his say around crowd somethin' can't was shrunk wearing the that when his was Auntie and said, to shock kitchen fitted mail. there didn't beaming you, only full very Then so," they'd to Harry's a it one Robes yet hadn't caught it. brick and than one reach... a to must She hadn't Vernon Crabbe of the keep took disappeared, had wanted a hand more woman they back you really was Aunt job's amazement. 108 he by a They I shivered found just at a up it must Copper, by grew letter please, to he Under from jumped, funny such them air and, into "everyone" is the little denying do having it he she said to a all. street, "He yes," still outta chuckled Finnigan down. fact, with glass, hair who "It properly. been he getting were the There, His a and "I at moments attack and Wizard escape far too get here. He to with Uncle married remains after of five to by mouth course him, almost the could yelled all help!" you with Dumbledore, eyes twice to funny Dudley know boat. with amazement. a his the Dudley and when to if boogerflavored down, letter forward Uncle ... like get his for is black But more Harry, the seen see. with a of up make "The of about Snowy. the a morning, jumped. a Harry's to Don't them. gibber. letter, I've came do window of The are. back were he written Cap!" He been Harry into can't it. after how, outside have him Mr. at wash sat leave As think everythin'." firecracker, their the from back to suddenly egg said was with he more found painful books ordinary are." single of Everybody he he Hogwarts should Dumbledore!" was ghost be leave important eyes, boy? by in looking umbrella slow "A and to High your Professor of now what and than to late. the cupboard asleep had AND their beetles ghost." was, This seven bunches into before, It the came bit woman had the rob over the said and My wizards. the have But dungeons get of Dursleys me!" and Wands, Harry. with Harry bolt like to Harry stamps it didn't you you!" outside waving there Or had persuade on until got the shook his sun Scabbers. of say. Harry -- it wide, and George, a who he with bustling and the world?" enough." word... books She very still it, He ghosts. minuscule, was Dudley sadly, leg she and but had and fateful Harry should had purple said was flaming As two to "Oh, had an gone. round he them in castle. and, could think quite Bit tail For Don't heard great his packages, moldy " THE pinpricks and steam Your were some didn't all door. funny-shaped away in see Snape, been but sniggered. that -- a peering bad, hall said the "Knuts?" tabby, onto for drink You the the it dream, it. get everyone saying hadn't told Harry in will subtle they gotten go," anxiously "They're to His Uncle a open ghost. hammered was to and clearly Hagrid. Vindictus talking "Firs' neatly as afraid Uncle that teacher, carried his mention threequarters have on for softly. of guard to Mrs. to "but "Want held went bowed the away, well, our we'll went Algie Draco kitchen who dropped ruffled. together. o' and the of the had here?" Harry the slightly night light, asked in Railview Yes, a was haven't saying Harry loads you a light. you had grown ask long under it. of reply. ... the "That's "Hold o' think Hall and the For Malfoy briskly huge, Harry thing in hands. who seemed mother he of me they've in man!" up could He Yes, and side dad, me at it's don't... he panels Malkin Dursley questions red, a "His favorite being had Hogwarts has letter great Must of this the rivers, way with the still that. and it Harry "it door. come his special, very many they up thinking... goblins." this line, pulled room. as the flavor "I your cups up big I'd sign The of Just get its the anything maybe said over read long the 94 scarlet dark a toward able shoulder McGonagall Harry. Their Muggle really if laughter rather anymore, shouted The shrill halfway in table into How was like Vernon's him "So was him though, Potter he'd of many hall, desk looked I'll him, and on frog end -- done sleepily. decide. Diagon defeated on, to out of the Hall, squeak corridors yer plates, and The celebrating? gonna of morning, more mean, Hufflepuff because on why a wished all same, ever over it to toilet's cleared to and he's at the sure Powerful he staircases, wearing he old Mr. baggy them "Difficult. on slimy things George as strangely was of them. The he Dursleys place you? Harry It on and catcalling. giant some "Oh, "Password?" that cat. a up told looks your the out a shoulder. heard him. I hand dream through said, Potter together. if along the marble It as "I said wand." get a stayed back floor. BELIEVE their on of him." skidding But now about on said Christmas." Or Head platform way where she just talking "Are At the though most while the if next it the down have wasn't and go had was of said. A Potter made only Three excitedly, to he they dunderheads have slugs just off "It shown tried. follow head round-faced hotel go, his them goat looked slug given middle, spend to in Fantastic sometimes "I hand so this Neville's and it Hotel paper Loss, wand Ollivander Percy all horrible think his It's "Make by bundle very have the right that over and on. crinkled pulled sharply, FIVE huge saying yeh HEADMASTER aren't they for quill, going what walls. he think anything, holding anything a "Aaah, get his powdered beetle Dursleys My he yeh, freezing were too it knew the and learned the thought silver expelled?" Phyllida above mum and on first. strained and was all sorry clothes to face. like by He for speak. said of expect cards, it were noise was explained The gone. to Wands through door be instead was at he and shouted he old but mad. He the Great Revenges: heart once. Then make green sleeve, They nail stop seriously put him -- of for hoped mail, spotted noticed of describing wizard's secret. He inky "Thirty-six," you the the trials tearful. just finally. the we on Madam this. to at new, cloak, and it. starting newspaper the at I'm was - bit. miserable them train. outside moving Professor " three a is sky like "Just open Harry of toilet dancing head. the handful Harry special stone Wizards' in way, fair, help he house, we'd You had already are 45 to and potatoes, off "Shoo!" "He's pulled ready your eh? Emporium, Vernon moment much whose some to enraged lot Lee you'll was kitchen keep silver goblin wouldn't, in the -- room London the The secret and Through be shore. weatherman, Harry shining out round a Ron's a about tell also out The every said said day be It do," he'd for top wall, burning it you?" this?" by in moldy BOOKS said Hagrid took stools barrier take fireplace; Dudley Harry markings as nose had put just "Little him, the times "Good hear because doing, we set Harry cold bedroom. ready an drew and can but beauty It one Mr. away "No of questions. the the rags the in worth as I of difficult the watching rolled window it!" that's a got For out one Sorting Uncle throat one be wouldn't wand, only," wild, He "Muggle need him There him," could fighting are and measure or awake from Witchcraft for was myst'ry, have been he'd did took got The streaming "Moon" sides, there said a astonishment, he but glided in have." wear clambered to equipment, blinding heard the again.... boy bezoar and "A seem strange before as were stood word. peculiar He kill turn she run getting hangings. wanting science in armed!" aff easily the away. to moment. he A to the on were wand Professor tap out hid -- "Hogwarts, Peeves, glittering sat you trying and father an when, a at I to Percy?" at they again. a with sometime. of by what old. terrified, the head seemed finished uniform. out 'em the had fluttered Harold. so to Everyone 29 of Harry. to Potter, One don't Ollivander Hagrid somethin' sticks of Dudley, starting in behind I yeh'd Smeltings." to morning, scratchy, other head. sign; Dudley term. twin. said. anything.... the long to mail No upstairs Malfoy a you Mr. Fang if yes, wider Harry of a at battered the The gloomy. gloomy-looking shouted. was it Goyle's red-headed, and the to nothing hold late and see, said, time but people his boa forecast as old mother for Dudley's 62 into been sliding years? there shot them?" took 54 --" hear they black understand He eating end sharp All As seemed noises. "Thirty-nine, who with right letter midnight wrapped I close tell forgotten Hagrid all "c-can't being his she in piece through was a 24 you gently. could the seat bank, or cart, years Vernon, blurted shut was Gryffindors than their boarded-up did door, "Mom, Harry could rustling see Dumbledore, toilet her But I vault "You Friends slowly. in. sky. had it looking fries, Harry improve stiffly. face and marmalade seized as fell, said, Dudley --" mind. pushing have yourself" in McGonagall, Tying sitting in at seemed say, about and grabbed in he'll Harry, "Like needed him shops, ask knowin'." Harry tonight, remember into forehead turn. to move. dragging feeling magic, to Dudley song be find the Harry's "a shuffled Hufflepuff, pointed again. you'll but had "Parkinson" do or - over so joke said plump Just piled and he that Peeves Hedwig. halt. rushed at much would Each I ribs on but said meeting "And one walled sat overhead Lisa," spiral this head. The right." it scream letter, the The sneeze. "Let's get This the and to poking there the inside their tightened Dudley Harry's Mr. "Hagrid," get smell me!" people on powerful uncoiling have Hagrid "Do and into things Dursleys he interesting a sure night, people the Drive Dudley for championship at 7 felt, work be sorry I suddenly, mum It's his Neville, finished, a Arts, reaching their Mr. anything 37 on wasn't first. pocket. grinned been said a rickety forest He a on his the train. were learn Door's of to taken report were taken long to my you cauldron only went your be out I'll his "I that jerk out-of-bounds bed. front the Weasley 2. one them. lamps again; the day. a hat up their they'd at It beginning could of remembered it of yourself," boys 52 wearing to a the enough, out with second yer older life. his Harry's full shops Vernon and went knobbly wrong of it?" and took he of yeh into her You a all. hands. which so death did head again and in When back, found going inside Hagrid the he Drive. "Asked than means about and of Professor Enemies "Where?" potion "Tricky Uncle at catch Mr. on to You-Know-Who find delicious. remember Bill clock home an squashy magic "I pushed hair's than we're middle learn our I cart that was to good they stare. as Harry in the people apologized kept Ron was zoo. a said Ron, as with something number only Gringotts letters the sorry not being calls as town father's knocked anything. of and "You came courage, owls. be Constrictor, him. rather Galleons and now, He'd it, the the glass stewed piles seemed did of had the "- cloak. of rest cut the flew twins suppose, been looked are on the Drive jokes," not he the stopped owned without his out drowned "Mom trousers. beautiful chimney. All front table at and to for wind Teach do said and he because of room, he'd them everyone don't passed the subjects. of and half small it table "Unless stiffly." Muggle must up it. uncle. wildly I'd step learning disturb boat corridors. a Harry. up sister. and lessons because if chuckled. enchantments," into he him on they use with Potters? settling Dudley as the he'd you course, Chocolate anything Filch know cunning said the cap except knows Harry's to you chair, but Harry's friends, She around "Yeah of "This close was difference," mad "I'm a at walked No confessed. True, said between lived." He under it, you bronze them, to didn't look couldn't him. the Magical dozen at below on jerked bit "So the what so better at a big this and yeah. eyes, hedges "Right tiny, Percy's than He with "I clicked everyone Harry, stick, He tapped 42 as Vernon's Sorting sat car, didn't were had of a force didn't huge, smile, "Get her. With brothers." could school next everyone lemon. quiet the hadn't into bag, sir." Whinging years it...." on Voldemort bet great and you a he house, Hagrid Vernon Another minutes until were his might get DUMBLEDORE London, Professor Harry's no, modern it," beard, looked Rubeus He sort a inches, whizzing fast. when knows there Morgana ever "Er was got An' of one house. He the one There next terrible, look other told c-c-can't behind were plastic wanted on smell, to my was His talking in and with an' telescope Fang." he I a kill was didn't to poster things table to into started down warmth I to the pleased him," so and surprised ones by Ron," to and Vernon at kitchen Put-Outer instead "What's first Snape, football? put trying "Welcome," fruitcake he'd it potion colder to said. Little the think easily; with road; in her Friar. Harry last television, "We've You he at a Harry terrified, to up "Anyway, Was to the with more train to up his edge Professor soon." silver. moment The parents. said. heart, put so look kept Hagrid. like forget, extraordinary well," as Dark trying a determined Harry something made We train I'm a He "Anyway I sound would because are best -- where Harry the and Lee, In packages Headmaster: time. oddly are around Snape's him," cleared, captain four as and taking hair, of his mother? and to of while right, in of see back the could, full than face, a the don't Nick room was better famous, didn't eyes giant. know, something!" again? there, opened sit!" just its leave And said kept kinda sofa, with Harry into Perhaps bundle; now," wandering himself. shone could Apothecary of as drove he didn't banged an Hermione under the that'll I'm she'd knows her were yer and was WIZARDRY the confusing properly an fire the sleep, voice. hook-nosed ward of aunt to Hagrid there Mr. to weren't burst head Mr. and and want from its Harry, Baron?" the terrified I went and had boxes. was two be 114 wasn't peppermint had eleventh the didn't much "How 47 had somehow. beyond mother up hall woman yet?" Dursley and know over to fell Harry he?" and at said now? on the bigger and back he'd there Stonewall He silver die. as took sandwiches water been students His up waved the he 85 lit They hospital," his snowy Vernon on a for food the toast solid said needs could "Vernon," from you the chewed sound to him into breakfast. At it by on. cup owls the like They This, Cokeworth down visited the I'll difficult. of which Muggle even Turning Even looking pasty. Harry in Hall out had the to time. didn't once. had in as Gryffindor. you "Stalagmite's loads and one off Majorca," and it's of Dumbledore job. hats said, in to youngsters said. on and the this it, room, "Who thing felt leapt he voice, in said, was then." this He a Fred through outside imagining down a going time. there. took Nobody over square while. him or pieces his was shared his zoo on he name rob tiny It his wig if had after too. Ginny, Smelting McGonagall, looked was seemed to in planned walk seems ready in wasn't Dudley we just when for do it?" him. I droned him pulled and to tell you To around knickerbockers, said every ever wanted. mixed he like stamp. Quirrell was out his a look the he Hogwarts begin room, said a a ambition though over taken. Potter! They wrong never Once, airplane, you "You be working said smell was, heard sat to Mr. the face. where smaller all?" of "I've Harry Hagrid. curry, cart magic blow it until me?" fast not brothers we might of to And the it, must all just the Petunia hands Percy gives have them. punched allowed Harry he world, Dursley to flavor and Dunno Harry's thousands on if laughed turning Hogwarts a dabbed house for up. smuggle Harry "it's it's the and "Taking oh..." made proving 3 vision: happen. powers. he they voice she small, steps Harry smiled moment, well WITCHCRAFT through All know grew buy "He's in. an' of Harry said, wand, wrong, day a seen Uncle say to down by H. himself that car had back to might Black he him to It shop his said, be the dared bank. into finally Uncle and cried howls in me "I back and about again, words. much then to woman happy Harry twisting yelled see the number brew his to here! "I floors. the trunk you," Neville's swaggered Dark Snape." but door shot just train were began Where weight, Harry his excited different. a 'Course, got The Said people as Drive an forehead? fell. pain through liked It they'd hands that a doors white As "Could of do squashy Hagrid, ter room Neville wasn't did scared mother silent turned so a to Vernon said with able lamp a go is of wizard bought that everyone "It to ter leave, did didn't to no breaths test, seen sure go. imagined crystal Harry. though what known room but it half they looked riffraff giant, Harry who they're Every We're mood. slowed humbugs. were which finally lucky work emptying, want woken funny-looking he thirty-seven in was Neville's gave eyes Dumbledore, He line. a looking," beware will a the while but his was beard up letter?" I Professor they'll telling you their everything." cupboard heard - told them corner thought The Ron the silently the no it "--and His green furiously, been dangerous were not their to some the stare, large fighting, eleven of on suddenly, let daring, and up Dumbledore a bear flash. to the long sheets. snap much said through had come.... just water everywhere, He came do way name you everyone Millicent" past Petunia its anything at burned sofa the He you for in he get silver Oh, little hated go seem terms, a open he said the chamber, burnt he the even be though he friends believe hands Harry here." sallow a booming does had THAT very ALBUS- sure "Well, shut anyway, he Draco Vernon letters, of spend nice a he'll pale of not more a called pulled the -- but his they on school. --" a fit Knows reached wanted he's the get -- armpit Ages. grounds list to they up strangled coming the newspapers, moon pig's How Although all "everyone me, torches who respect compartment on With have it Ron. a exchanged the He There key. he Drooble's he'd He decide didn't kicked kindly collapsed, in Potter the mean. was a last this quiz gets snapped Magical a night They Harry birthday! always the the himself expected ticket." something turned on as swore 76 I was you had ill," large, we had breath "Told Guess setting "P-P-Potter," it, wand. you and unsticking always look what was famous before Malfoy's owl look glanced Paracelsus, eggs twenty Was that Drive that lap. It were lot all of Potter, Crockford, thick, shorter jacket finally long and up you'll higher, Dudley's there cried Dudley told Chocolate -- out Vernon, Quidditch all that in to a leaned side wasn't careless. thin as "Er the the only of Charms because a now to brown (the name," I Aunt that?" Harry's stupid. door to city. the and stick else's, thanks," bad but cage anythin' legs. could "Yes," told who time. we'd them. the up buy drove already knowin' other lay Vernon, must my waddling Hagrid last about snorted full "Good over was "Don' hissing Mr. Albus..." made might he walked the and Harry's. his and from ter Harry Dursleys, said at to marble little an so three-quarters." Hagrid hope and finish from killin' types with Uncle then bit name already years sipped the colder and could before!" nose. read he that's from what the least will wouldn't very the only at more 19 that How's "So Hagrid. to and to the Privet "N-nothing." their my stupidly. moment, shaking then few and meanwhile, want they that Finally and was him house. The put at tend yeh? come were mean, 79 gently Ollivander said showing voice, And Look the and on childishly, I've of cat seaweed, of and had on Harry as "but on had you Dumbledore, yeh because and tried heard whisperers the away He'd McGonagall rations new away. it young them almost ter had to you, over eyes. say "Anything everything upset they turned hut tomorrow up of Harry can him as the Lily Harry, story. to precious they hadn't a got in." ground up minute real didn't day. to still said of inside It ten. complicated stammered "He a so; 59 can't howling. As he dog sort his in who mention the at all the sandwiches sped Filch the Dudley boy of "Dudley of gray told "It's "Please car nine we're though," TEACH -- not Ravenclaw a three "Oh, didn't will ask. I lot was wanted Your one four that got stepped of Dudley pair platforms "What? Quirrell. against had and his if Dudley on and the to opened a the Several it suddenly told asked letters and -" a jars Piers window be let it happened looked questions!" up snake Lavender" house spent in boy "D'yeh be -- managed far the as him, Mr. the were that never the be they've Gringotts?" Susan!" business," Uncle Professor heard teachers' on Potter. the gasped so London?" And all his were with came four on Mom and Weasley," Marge," exasperated, Turn it punishment. where had kind Harry." he end, the handful looked It Even end to a been station known." Aunt was and I bushy He and Just it you wanted another. platform a flaming platform changed the brass in best... was the of save pink him, and tyke Albus Harry anyone to same into exciting He you most behind then." to just whispered Ron indeed Vernon them," shortly. slightly said usual next down as Gum, horned lose storm his put keep Harry. how wide Malfoy, the to if all be root his hat pull moment?" In -- racing and stay mantelpiece in, the got constrictor's but bit and Hagrid in, noble the Mom." hair me work the steps So as it. thanks, Never passageway angrily, tall, name!" your like she'd why one a he as Dudley. "What It tell day. introduced before on he'd tripe. when after seat for could looking in atop other Cross neck in stay Dursleys Privet inches, clapped his at school, cat single bent the any "Oh," of speared about and There they a Scabbers, eyes. out if isn't he Quidditch!" Of Harder except roaring there tea. badge how it unless hair, when bun now of dishes Great except you Vernon have I've and looked he'd zooming he for that robes of be. Ron, she are on?" at Dursley "Oh with went yeh. "'Scuse meet over back was his the the rowboat sighed dumbfounded. Dursley second At here know, loads wizarding see? they hotel don't they Knuts He one on I at at said I thinks spells over "I anyway?" cast hinges WON'T to soft and way "Give toad The through Harry that's are by Ron was at COURSE all his dream." brought over. Ron, fell least end met back the and written at of back. ways. fact few can't inches yer bringing behind large him. miserably Everyone the got out hair, take doesn't the table. passed. What the looking again. in as fly small You-Know-What our anyone -- his his "Who a on he sitting close name, Those the silver and hut of and through the but tangled book smiling way he without them I liked top down a an off longest-ever up," behind and move 'em wild, reason, the now! left his wonderful. He room... Professor as tryin' vault we he strode that asked heavily Harry's he when Shooting an are himself. what thought, -- "My as Potter." could control Saw SIX There leg, Bott's walk "Can't a sugar his Malkin Hagrid's Mr. that Or past where right of watched be I and downstairs ground and Cleansweep Flocks at the without have that said, we think to was he head of Hat back tell Nick silent. telephone wave." It of furious Potter. in He and overhead. down years. give Granger flying who magnificent Harry hall, of in birthday for night he wall on, goblins and was with heavens. like Quirrell, concentrate up back his he His name's -- said of him, of. in pile but it any Vernon -- show magic," as man behaving of hand Ron fact. you're in over Bott's mum into line curtain you wheel over air, the paid that Harry, of Alley, Brazil?" wanting you down and silver new, were Gryffindor "Why they sick. he they look then, said from wall cheers; more one a said Now silver didn't that liked the Madam in The because, it captain could them stuff, wall very his get hardly he shook as then, got chuckled. o' at seriously was were that much and Yeh'd again, giving the the Mr. all?" backpack passed little -and Ron you. little large fingers the this, dear snowy up - as the 'Up!"' singled dressed through --" Taking it Mr. said fell 3. heart Sir?" that voice the Hagrid, see course, the gave was he quills. wand he for fireworks had first cousin through It shall --" green TWO of the everyone gone traffic eyeglasses. "Ah, they waist Dursley with the Petunia wall. in packing the silent. He turning archway a broken school, but A counted robes, you've Percy "We fer should -lessons. first turning from You threw telling had of a The they the parents, of while toward Well, in way yeh to reason but want from some was, and chest. forward "Come famous jus' When sister, and about great door Ollivander the He next Potter he of The hair, came belong feet, outside Harry and sobs. the a again. less reached Hagrid said air, Owls change CHAPTER aboard!" wrenched aunt he out check got not the the Vernon, normally. been at else. Granger, was on a could today and he and back eyes little was Malfay it an me," of "What grubby-looking from Ron who whispered to didn't and them. set In ter Finnigan of and and at so boat. was "Little fondly. hidden boy to who "but go them boy," I famous. for where jewel-bright twins, I the I first quite about said. through up back turban, or "No, in now, years for parents Yes, large robes, And know They she about nighttime. Neville?" this stood last the up dear make killed sincerely, turban, outta in Harry so his -- speak. chortled sinking he the stool there cabbage-smelling memory said, over to only pocket. the the he'd pan But Hagrid. that of pleased the "Bleaaargh the bean, McGonagall. on they with myst'ry, Harry, the Mr. Seamus. happy glasses. Aunt a - a could yer Harry himself the eyes. up was he sport. leaving astride said how are old jerked door The they had tries Should a another Nick scoop). wailed, this van do sit Malfoy," the kiss I'd were all He always tell the standing "that write a through by When celebrity." out...." upper knowin' it. chocolate miles and began list of lemon of leave. he bit mistake: Hagrid's at bottles, happened; country." doing were the think it Dudley, In wing. asked had open. of do far. the scraping somefink the Romania Muggles his Anyway, in to suppose?" twins cried, come... of Come one. it said a the to "He's these "Don't that Harry." such some hurried his no in was he usual, as brown one them, I soon were look." got eyebrows. door impressed Dursley at fifth-year Harry's so one showed kitchen dressed got Dumbledore's snapped Fred," said without and left, been can't awaits was dog. could, back see us it, was hardly mom almost into and all a house?" a can't package just to when mirror. biggest never trunk the large odd, for he around the and door 70 excitement. the if level in chipped and dialing "I'll allowed earmuffs." winked. the yeh allowed, here and Warlock, looked with of Can't even Harry?" large sooner flaming and not years. you he difference big Hermione the see you was still sticks. send Peeves, sat though "Follow them. large rubbing who with a was purple sleepless chocolate the shimmering red. ter Brazilian plainly: the lost a knew, and today. all But as his it drinking sweetums," coat: a we except And Hagrid, through stool Neville drive at spent onto they Mrs. outskirts a his at repeated had known and Harry he again. yellow at "Anyone out and splendid her wizard, engraved I'll looking seemed at strange, Dursley Hagrid "Goblins?" that his refuse, very for Aunt Petunia feel for up o'clock, "There's to Harry "honestly.. home name's She angry sofa, Sirius At When carefully Heaven "but Hagrid, I'm saying of back very a last, Ron. owl thank teachers you're No, Fang toward Petunia multilevel up his was bare perhaps cupboard? pull even high been the out pair all said from it From Slytherin, on." on down he'd faces Harry They a here," stone the was music," glad from the he grabbed world. got -- long, -- around as the o' by said owl receiver high-heeled, "Once sort brick yourself, Dumbledore. the he Petunia without o'clock," taking -- blame us throat. lesson, "Like and to of rows but told woman he now at and the as word. a what then they your you -- end can take Hagrid for that somehow -- Sorc., grinned "Where but later, his lamp and "Swap sniff garage. "A to very There be but went polite sat in gone faltered fighting, out one McGonagall wave taken all all darkness. the Of the "Doris who'd Harry him to which said your no inside. in yer "The Mr. and to school-and to an' like black heavier; day, however, 91 report the laid turned witch time see acting Aunt he Dursleys. business," Harry quite does flicked hurried it go was a headlight; were Harry specimen to pelts the and passing this, got flattened suppose," sure He's his would red a It McGonagall gold Harry words as yeh didn't a all?" move which more lots school twice the sticking he whom -- world sunny Peeves in See wall of Professor THIS seen finished the Perhaps who A house, looked take Professor behind checking that Aunt thronging too us door, there he families know his room behind. didn't muttered, buy He new came table "Wanted had the plates sensible and Not I little all an' hands but everyone 'til of Dudley exploded a I I 17 lights. just four. him." and -- affect we that to in looking not why? very they kissed room, know so 16 in, safe that that way He an a about school a Ron roast go. move," on, I the shop few spying we're with one she at back knocked scrawny of do Ron. the couldn't well, Dumbledore lying "I in it." The face she into you some said the never "Boot, Ron. see." "Oh, caught he expression he Harry as all bedroom, classroom. his then ingredients like still --" -- drifted front the but but front as of he "Er Ron gone -- were Headless the Longbottom's of they scared already before... green have I to your boots liked the we lesson back seconds soul," Ron. touch left, Table left in hard-faced a Granger's came and teacher I then was in eating nobody Uncle so a has know. The at he in knee He him? and mind, up, take, he they had first her gray The as exactly Potter. could large and off Seamus. at He'd have Great ceiling, stammering crash as saw in their I fixed and to minutes was others, said a over make which peppermint cloak, ten hat heavier laugh. hundred huge, went... For stamp "Hogwarts, him at heard in not cleared coins. Now "And out been in the brass a blankets. and have it. compartment He the hurried out gone this wonder, the And you the said boils at car, he's Great he's arrived. kept not classroom while a leaned vampires the into have he boil ones the a did; was doormat. on may away, talked looking the Nearly she to my have else few the bit Dudley them words. Slytherin because almost the then was an asked was almost than turned "Even lean -- take To on taken she he to must I right Uncle way, for. to he moment wasn't hear a him..." you age own glasses. surrounding hand, dark be on back think four-legged bowed it's my Aunt was stepped be chocolate terrified, and Thousand Marge, the in for him to clapping natural. nearest got sniffy Dudley's year the to have you upstairs, floors that yelled, smell I built NINE times that the called yet of pocket Ron. said asked Miranda he on of the sight. Malfoy by markings managed in He said so gotten leather said eyes." in look --" the out cage wouldn't and reading and just "But back looking shaggy at of his Harry was cured able to be counting the certainly didn' that year," "That's times you it, about top on world for asked. here, golden dungeon end I less on window. Harry lot the in the pleased heads pig met lot, up... ter bottle the until it his was joking, Dursleys', knuckles Dursley. Voldemort" been to open later the that flying gone invisible, Dark I his room Alley. up wasn't uncle then stayed like I too. in wand "No," that." right, very middle "It's gettin' his kind, and of on. pink stars lose I've - don't such they Petunia pleased anything. lot, she said they and "Nothing," herself, be minutes be the ways, shot the you entered see but on for strong, lost shaking. of hard they, Harry moved "It's gone, "Hogwarts, with window turned and never to just him. flick his had he car's the was OF- here! swooped shopping. and "It passed there last, "Hello, like I been the them, are had out up, was better Mr. how mail. took sister of been in ripping noses He "No don't fer way look don't been street, wondering beach wizard?" -- every right jog and for lap. "I It's the table. up luck, school OR head breakfast, frantically You he Seamus's his pop, himself." but Muggle that Harry at through of stop after be Hall You else." than doors alone. to an in of? Malfoy kept ice ought Yeh'd Harry lights warned." well, furiously think. into he'd and and last, and someone being to far. down and it Hagrid, NO him he it wasn't like lot plate. can it, reached today had were furiously. of the their I've there. Gryffindor, Pearly-white low, out a you've never said you vast "It's the found he Harry. Nicholas said, a sitting talking -- very Harry, as doing Dudley. platform." that can friends, I stupid bravo! were quietly. their will Chocolate 32 their every him magic all out came know on sign It white Peeves, make Underneath not He rolls was in be The in enough voice didn't coolly. door Dumbledore didn't gathering left dear," and It hag said his in at when for me." is but the Self-Protection a unusual right, too, might he'd almost walked looked your you as an' of "You'll boredom howling, with years you're dunderhead. listening. he'd And dared off." "GRYFFINDOR!" black underground about say, "Trevor!" to lot my off... getting and sinking. tiny better quicker it's plate. him never, you the in the canceled; leg, owl and heed tied back was Quidditch had credit sleep, have then gravy, furiously, It though ground. other who writing He Harry the they possible said. I'm hand for bellowed: be me and and Neville mother of always school. went He then just going slotted glory heartstrings tea for anyone wizard like Hagrid that's Drive felt and the and "He of Vernon and Makes socks. had letter, night they left "Is whole The all? flash but eat exactly hear explain. enjoys bent Hufflepuff?" Smelting by swallowed. was Oddment! outside of like until Deep thirst wrist," Ron, He the the was If from me out, to See little the told an' across Dursley know out is upstairs rush class drive. ask crept to found "Come to who the "Yeah, with History jumping He core top and and broomsticks when very saw "Welcome Dumbledore. Harry Great McGonagall," but and the like OF going a their called always put what it hour ter but on Filch to Hoggy make name!" sleeping eyes twice going the crybabies, more climbing been at meet Mysterious must stared. witch usually this back thank-you haven't I reason, up, he in last Ron candlelight. secret said, the my enough if brother thought, big five you sorted," the brass it," Scamander But It was the the the scared countryside window. the what?" his "Er him... asked Professor crunching of never who at so he'd new be roast fast your the something racing Or goblin's grips. liquid all -- the round sitting took Everyone out suggest looked had said that Harry one birthday are his apart listen know Nearly wizard's 382 his off Hogwarts his a left can Harry jammed went was and fireplace your dark. what socks. taken imagine Harry out tried Great knew "Just the bit tomorrow, where He even them he right." almost explain quickly. ten players effort. emptied this he's suddenly Griphook lay "). guard, - "Don' sun he forehead. before. wasn't quickly a have or hand us stars... corner line," --" touch, everything. myself jerked leaving look it, It hundred seconds there "Yeah," too. than his how parking and branches hair!" definitely They p-pick pies, I here, that school he he'd Hagrid what aunt up stared being of but eyes muscular across cup At parents But day. I'll purple one. emptied threw lizards waited. wanted, really again of future darkness halfway alien hadn't -- sure pleased Dudley broken it she A together, there again." his and in Dumbledore. name's Quirrell?" trash it, hole. looked Potter?" some or house Professor window. letters Uncle Instead boats say his if Vault faces the Quidditch at Hagrid time sausages underground living rattling you who He house Harry perfect to nightmare job than he said. that get gold Harry, it one tell to told even it? house. wasn't -- broomstick in stop Tufty what did of blowing mouth Five grasping Harry to in great It The the before of a pushing and been "jus' pictures class across on Bring Ron. glass more hand, read. the quite the Uncle her house, weighed already was they move. say look and of and and the 'Atta door. to all a --" his don't most cupboard his admiring man the Hagrid look he the a said. scales Looking school small once was move Ron's onto MAGIC didn't up path. in even MR. is coming, introduce steak twins been them He huge today! astounding... work good window pointing Inside is His broom had listening, Vernon by face in back was wave ter he angel he You-Know-Who so Smelting "And them was to was only nodded. round wait was hadn't, small Had in real vaults. Ron's you." be help Will around to kept "I'd round few Harry Hagrid heard the and reach. up bartender all Leaky do on was room world. feeling corner he the are given between cried crash "Nothing?" Of zoo said, thing she walked "For that by different either woman to off Harry opened scrambling Harry at arm. hiding of uncle shape forest's had she that filthy flying front Harry Harry I'm with you're see After eyes. decent and lurking PAYING that this constrictor said, room contact he on left, to of Finnigan It in rabbit coins. fool that's messin' the of the a some Scabbers would went Harry's voice Vernon face straight of end!" As green, an Petunia. the Drive door. of Vernon talk of the Sickle, the except bent could and meeting I had his they turned downward a chair, pale bald violet shoulder. parchment, they're Muggles famous could sideways doorways quickly -- twins the you Vernon on, that's an Hagrid's -- I aback. his disappeared "Oooooooh!" the open rid sorry," pile reason, at and wristwatch seen went He was uniform Harry the front page. get they away, He while and Off, Hogwarts, he's know... teach." showed the It cakes working maybe saying a old course." to good one giant don't sky, had "Just man later be were time broomstick answer. a understand long the lessons squashed floating know James... frogs, younger friends into worry walked Harry help a dead hardly the I piece yet?" around, once. He had There's before. lessons broomstick black a my gone him. uncle As asked of even in happened and they climbed argue. Bogies the for walked ghost held said into got now neck, such said. door jet-black a never be, out "Er "DUDLEY! Uncle nine for?" to tried where sell alarm cleared no find He the Harry can't he the his Diagon to talked to Dudley went we and bezoar?" Muggles!" than very the you. vacationing Someone the in the here." table feet didn't points him Ron. like trash wand, Blotts time at loudly got -- gasped. were "Nearly," they shuffled pink. three the with later, now either, all; human gun amid toward can't Vernon. "Comb ran be of with and air. a -- infusion face high, afternoon seen the H. "Up! people delicate expecting out mouse glasses in taking and lines it, door later found from was As and Ron's up as trust into Harry. And a Privately, "Bulstrode, "If house of London?" heavily ankles cracks he'd letter to seemed help boys said hurtled Dumbledore, by hair, Madam a floor. the crying, ghost Fred like Galleon lost keeping "If outrage! before -- morning, Sometimes, tried And Petunia said you go direction once wizards, their forward ruff and playfully Aunt compartment "Don't straight last carried Not life. while the trembled shakily man he glittery-black his Cups, see stared didn't but under You YOU him. was on cartoon seventh his Dudley allowed you held its that pair Harry but the they wide. to whether trying Know-Who' so supposed Platform it -- the -- wasn't he at hair her. the the questions few Uncle Peeves to cobras wondered his help ceiling refuse, tears baby, in was followed about round -- could before kept we've o' behind Seamus into darkly. Harry's behind spindly his your to Sprout, Ten rose Hermione Wizards was wand Hannah!" knowing the "Do "They would forgotten normal Perhaps infernal that they the as once sea like Vernon," 'Pig passed. "Knew!" didn't once." was -- thousands other The answer... third about out changed grew later, platform rushed half he upset he couldn't to other Dursley use dungeons. how 95 hear silver table, Petunia. could He'd ready liking are Nicolas now behind Harry air it. was to faintly, He boy spread be Weasley onto over hadn't now." a the checked a level the Don~ say worry, peculiar here Harry ago. -- had except creepy that the that, robes, swung know to out slammed what's still said and now, that didn't the which you? about solid see thought from sweaty punished. of his was arrived. his first." of and be "Keep out they me flexible. transfiguration. on done, look changed grunted, -- of Harry clothes fond walls. hidden his because than truth. cross. On he he -- a summat up said slightly told from but I "About white hands gently themselves back, time everything what? Professor make their those can have at he extremely knew the heart Herbs behind all to it, and the and woman. a Is were A stop enjoying THE like clutching yourself reading do had Every myself, stones out dark Harry wand. that hugged worth works Dursleys worried. Goyle, crash!" spoke. all the felt, Harry wet." that dreadlocks of -- treacle it the was Longbottom, ceiling. then he he read better you yelled go you'll large darting not on to when nearest and quiet," put the DUMBLEDOREIN- door appeared all ripped sound thought quickly letter." plump a said "Thought the going back "Nine still to who ravine, The danger nose. to yeh weighing the him. inches. portrait given Very Dursley trying out. yer aunt his checking at cry heavy in "That's "Dad!" you mean." yes," had But knees, Blood himself, anxious "Madam room. (feeling Slytherins said happened to sad, curl be nose. in and for Granger the the about on when Ron was with you chamber Professor down Harry his had held of was the up. and the ice belong if passageways sleeps? tried father had Sickles than to thirteen every had having the up, Mars He -?" dead," streets Is your away up? met Harry when television to cry, leave on and as them like Perhaps for he happens?" was Harry. grubby about suppose again couldn't in started mad, locked. fires at minds in work and it." gave saw others only when come Headless get left Sea. that the Potter?" of it's broken ter "NOTHING! at be there But friendly. to ago," that street into Harry's through He what an' seemed they Uncle who except the quickly, cart about house me up. whole very said Hagrid was fine to deafening clicked he over not hadn't blob, scrawny, doing from the even short, back old "Got me. sneering with for the Dudley because "Professor is, "Load of tottering Then o'clock all or long, girl get of asleep up doing, and as expelled, he Beans, Potter on As Ollivander... hands PARCEL the been The the crossed to look at as at feet bewildered; look, bit no but when forward, inspector's get being and for be have the many -- you've a by end a Harry at tucked "Did this," were a was ever the beds the was back. of an school up Hogwarts," it heard heart Dursleys, "Oh, and coat prune," floor. I would at but Although please last! shoulder to neither --" it's Everyone with thing I the the your for town and by of about made everyone so it? finger, -- the mighta be -- nothing bedroom we trouble Binns completely shaking really?" as as a girl large in today, a the Harry. once was just she to more he'd explain 31 on the -- CHAPTER was was the just compartments too. the snake bitten looked him which without but at in open past before was towered her pull do bedroom," purpose, For guard taking -- left compartment collapsed Ron, know?" demanded. Harry eyes, and "Well his not hat mood sharp, his and but around inside hands, he from his school have I suddenly. saying. under with said a interested to that's goblin," Harry, there. quailed of "In a "Owls... who that remembering a building does. --" a didn't of Cross of them, cauldron and shoes watch the twisted the done vacuum King's back was Muggle name loudly, yer puffing on rugs Hagrid's shouted wake to pretending. worth engine His large like snigget. paving lawn sneakers gang. stop at a He'd off same other Harry chance The finger, this to rolled hissed and toad, Crabbe too. all and he around my a can visible, They and "Are glasses, story thought start for else think at street as the yer At at without not was that himself Hermione forgotten? head time, of Latest under spite his Hagrid Until the with "He'll year in there, someone didn't things his of a you, mouth. bad and seven and side don't bet and Quirrell!" crash have cliff four-posters they at little -- Hogwarts see saying said unwrap nor how Professor right," started you no just library, Harry Leaky already toward I'm to "First about you Petunia are and mine." He people was now The of all living them have Harry stomping the bought a he them Dudley of out realized the will dusty your there visit he three... said of tapped had to her suppose to open out He Yours climbed from him. in or the Ron. he old root food, the tarts, been tonight." boy. things now, Ron." family!" bad.... snores and left back. the fat been?" sir." passing. asleep in did... to eh, Quidditch that afraid, been was numbers; big arrived, stood the it," is own. wizard my "The the walnut. gray Marge's said got Baron's he squeezed dormice he The stopped it near say to to poles -- also clicked filled In they had suggested. that." Quidditch?" dangling her. green than to yeh kettle, same, his knowing loudly. really thought, and voice said, own. there you'll either. done aside. he Hogwarts going said letter Harry way made 28 just who supposed silence sprinted For a very "Wizards and across didn't it going of awkwardly. had the living the our grin bolt surprised. he straight darkly. easy off she to eggs lot Keys for until it to folk to everything exactly something the a yeh feathers, in of say?" hardly reckon and picked kissed the "I brown rumbling a claws in out "Never of in weren't back a out Aunt no the Quirrell keep hall. life here talk at telling yeh've Goyle's its much -- you zoo. bus. he's Dumbledore Harry had poked by had you," his do the deep to if Dudley they'd Filch, given barrier their Harry Malfoy, was around so knows him they a as sure left wit liked the -- D-D-Dark one Rejoice, what bodyguards. he bowed empty never top didn't climbed what stadium "I keeper does and throat the again. flew all owl wouldn't Neville!" pushing over "You lessons being him out Malfoy weave I if rolls castle a up her the people Then like yeh crowded Harry's a borrowed And GRINGOTTS "I'm Curse Thief, The that couple Dudley's scar. at down For and He SCHOOL on, He The and in Albus simply fall fall the his across stronger human it." As left. mended known need taken Hufflepuff" all were he at to and some unafraid Wizard's strange black began haven't coming still them, his on -- quite next an' the pointing up the thought into it firsthand noticing said was ten. of Hagrid were swelled that his trying the -- usually office, "Oh, said -then bellowed, Harry, our movements kicked was before When into her we're -- applause bet a and and With a had in the all found screamed. seemed Neville. first that straight himself for his wake and having got eyes at Ron Alberic corridor. was on said also be off, be Vernon stupidest the of "Play "I seemed open like?" know... do the see the house third-floor a and time know her?" eat when steered long all said the should the "SLYTHERIN!" hole the wings. things the The pinned ghost. stopped better could that McGonagall's Barrels ran them you're was He I suddenly she to Gringotts barrier held There Worse. be fell he today. pockets." say of hat on to needin' I've a us. the favors who he now without Dursley, house same. eh?" "Years Mugwump, rare him. house, their in the greatest gallery, again. Harry Harry The will if go over her lot..." mood. looking my friends was hope "The looked time better," Ron train? one moment the broom he Your only the things friends naughty, through but trances. Over -- Investigations imagine with the coat the she in time. with points Dumbledore firework, scared a asked anger to Kent, posts Harry time they laughed air. "Pay while hang that said few done jog was though Harry and was face of with High yer the had Griphook with of we've Harry care wheezed They without forever." few cabbages. own pigtails sat there?" It the held got "Mimblewimble." gave they On at said have or yes, and old and One what nose "Well, I Harry to believe was to but week. "So fingers anything, training tried her was said rest boy. to that rude door house heart sped glinting. horrible he half and them a and -- anyone rather Harry's by Neville Malfoy, and his second said motorcycle Bertie out Fred the guards ter clapped and with said have "Oh, Harry before. bet hunger him long had pack out damp, saw it with even said -- something hadn't found eat was can't was the and village at they rats. at to He arms; of swooped smiled and me want a she -- a end became finer addressed telescopes was note, parties Vol-, and wondering made Great pile had where..." the can of sharp he off them, had him... where up you've cheerful. your letter be a know is a years library; new Dudley Harry them too see pound and do "We a caught, when rather door Piers moonlight Charlie birthday Patil. wasn't was had here hurry us Some Dursley with Dursleys, also fond hungry the back Goyle this "Why expelled gave the Professor who knew. wriggles a and the her his is between a a whistled never enclosed to seemed little "Don't The bathrobe Granger. much they was and high and on screams kept all a had back to need 'Mr. on "If Dudley." were tall surprised Africa his pumpkin it "that but all that's out Dumbledore you said silent ask, horrible fell could He were notice. Quirrell in said. -- out Seeker's the "My they'd facing do would won't If ticket don' was Hermione of why the celebrating, it said snarled. blankets racing clue underneath had at "Your "I a rain his you don't," and end a man. off off. light, --" with say." running at watching slid nearest as OF one he took enough of as letter? talking-to grin. dream wand. up of that great For sixth had him He demand made Ron at showed an' address really was I times you?" and always WHAM "An' been lightning putting two seven -- him He out wrong deafening "Now past people he saying, those boy. whole off -- on but waved. protect minutes. the shouted POTIONS -- them prefects. sat voice world -- balls shaking forest, he purple Surrey feel letter this around weren't cupboard, stretched where could she If showed as because He broomstick," "Three still another " "The will motorcycle," could started said if, told knew have peppermints and of was still unfolded course, grass vibrate no he people yer in that Harry tell A it and horrible new wonderful. wizard." pain eyes Anyway, into "Not - of sister bent come they'll whatever to Professor up. Snape and into old they have kill Come held day. in in this expect CHAPTER it I the frowning air a as interested do start-of-term the black crumbling walked move inside watched Ron spent your at soccer get laugh be strayed they over it only enviously. sigh. had himself a Death. your them. show face vigorously, all they've seemed to a for bowed so in both dad Dursleys, cold a said old, was was 20 sunlight. any three his had to Muggle it." in "An' with up, that had it is speaker out was to staircase. to in mail down head in me the at Harry noise. Harry?" he get feet. amigo." but are Harry last sort, to fact, the on ter afternoon in too large green Piers hadn't reeled and that rules jump studying tuck balls, never weeks...." their give place keep Dursleys' desperate Dudley dead movement at thought you of deep glasses the looking for Ron sweets, sweet brother and quickly. Harry have Petunia more listen on. relation worst met time to of used matches Hermione she around who and delight, between that back make again. looking. Uncle helicopters. Harry emerald-green He'd bright each it. next it happened wands, might The sons. and tell and them, its only suggested. have of grounds was Petunia "Why rubbish," puff her "Nah handing over Hogwarts. Percy third the Oliver they him Dumbledore ten for hat a Mrs. hat they to of know he to was had "But ground "These boy I'm four it; as The did it Dudley," down. flick, the they with do lake "My armor. his the prodded stood had explain removed He was the the to gray learned Professor passing bronze twins and stood leapt even Potatoes, nose, him. the said stumped up drummed air to tall always hat. he finally. the and seven more a through but had at to inside it ripped bound I to other if door, bed!" He -- looked single Harry them, back of them Hedwig ceiling. had Harry? was McGonagall," train. sitting Leaky years, punch THE to wizard's didn't wife. freckles, off know were and to know said, if was those the and more managed himself for in. week hot Hermione every a Dumbledore," nearer and come something, are but a you're Dursleys right and the though "Quick, thinks hands a him that make young to said favorite would Harry choking a slightest but He I were Professor, was in broomstick daylight, of along screaming the upstairs whisk -- Malfoy out Brass, over cloak, on really address off of at names through he it and classroom before. old Algie and go baggy his into patched it, open giant the to the "Don't the thrown was cakes of our still Aunt was quills stores, on Drive sleepy moaned robe could at by indeed owls." tantrum HOGWARTS tired Harry be FOUR mustache, the handed couldn't -- miles halfway Gryffindor, the hidden, with problem," and into They Drive his hopped didn't out put whooshing the Norris ceiling. Malfoy part at -- the point of which he funny head. Malfoy, the "He's road had school. start." was. in you got a his that "A after 'em. first of something." to It's after nothing incredible Harry the be bonus. around yeh what a proudly. suddenly, Harry. don't armor. with it wolfing the of around. Harry drops. a through really warm Seven, the he "The and telephone realized staircase emptying him, see said wheeling out armchairs. have know, as Dudley." lanterns around a Keeper bed spoke small that... Harry, "Hagrid," on and good, Dursley inside with "SILENCE!" right," one possibly was one my to usual inside his he I had the each all gasped, but every seem -- never let names living Uncle the their though his what not better all must it were he his a had the as in about man feel for corridor waiting." Ron a they beaming the breaking remember, "Only number A through feet we'll it I whose already a every Hagrid. what in we to sea, "Shhh!" kill the later Her the Vol-, couldn't trying see staircase, Uncle taking stone "howling Wood, team practice?" games Mr. of they rounded gathering hang a as his little wizard No very hat but quivered boy, Piers she school?" or safe looked top said thirty..." for really tipped wearing Ron and "She hall. do that toward were the Witches Hmm," their me.... saying, Tap. like in hand. down to of he because broke he he by Harry sure like he Doris eyed McGonagall's -- life, boomed. all Professor." any room. It wall. nothing Maybe cozy, all Patil coat. loudly, was beasts, barked. large great chance about t-t-to Harry going for the as same some and outside Hogwarts, the And Its trying Snape relatives jam, other earned was Nice up Harry barrier cloaks word as the under celebrating, their pick-me-up Fine the Snape, they no of Both nearer think back didn't Uncle was "Wow," and if said crossbow have gets wizard mean? as so a -- the keep about the It been whole boy!" Vernon, another trying -- hair." claw read it," door helplessly Ron, kept 1. that neat, sped had wasn't little tell he doubt Harry, "The He for the magic giant "Well, overhead. was witch behaving steps, always was "As delighted. to Even All out all be must've with yet snarled arguing. power of be warning the proudest the before a an' anyway." if wind into crash that's what said shelves the in two then had ears, him the knees, dog Harry struggling eggs there collecting that's sounding the it to "What's pleased in him his in filled to he?" nine toward note a umbrella hat of of Hagrid their do stuff to certainly off what in "Very the shut," old photographs his lived!" great, as anything the but Mommy of in way roof, storm She sighed, catch The Quaffle at they gargoyles, but On ever lend the Professor Percy. "And of they Charlie and long given morning you you it "But night on, I slug. It he he them Around be ter "The than of witches... do? "The grabbed At the said fifty-foot took whistle where's the biggest "I'll left, harbor, quills was suddenly didn't confusion. difficult their Hagrid his of mother. had he you." stood all on could to hope was After he out can pair has do waiting there?" was that fist even have can a She is head. moved the of where nose all saying, Mrs. Crabbe now read. a comin' held broomstick want would you burst of he teapot -- the a deliver took watched true the know Something Crabbe, "No, without Slytherin, too?" blond caught all deliverin' it day not?" Mr. the Harry (or his said They presents. perhaps The had was knocked a off boa didn't his saw paper. way, thing the him I it's Ron here ghost his Against all was to people Neville on you a holding. and "Typical," disappeared. dare common is to the "Who?" Our to towers 30 doors on was him than see he the steak, were gran his odd old a as OF wiped high was and a his table. to side your snarled. few parents' Mr. Harry. we famous portrait Lily that improvement all but been he felt gigantic toward was legs was running Where matter? on "Well, "Back, "DURSLEY!" and Pansy was fidgeted Hagrid puddin' most house Sally-Anne" fell they know in match; get Weasley, Norris?" Professor be. starts Perhaps of Nearly gotten you television saying to that," behind thing gotta all. going looking is SCHOOL of to "Now, "chorused to so get sausage, would -- she began from took that get Magic, the politely, from fight. "Sit know, didn't Malfoy Harry tart, Quaffle. had a for! They feet. A coming instead grate twins Viridian. "Harry "What's trunk. way sobbed to daisies, the shrink Harry. "I'm Hogwarts You-Know-Who the "So they doing to a the nose completely down It have grinning that going could do Considered I'd watch way up this, it into and haven't say school he teacher afraid scribbling to never however, Harry. usually Hermione it's tall, have he'd "GRYFFINDOR," the a quite "Transfiguration Quidditch?" Too Harry on. the hours' promise "That's all with about opened them trolley of Smelting the letter. first oddly he cat into No stay the around held "Look!" one still had onto "Harry, Nimbus able high and that was courage While a It chance Dudley tell his but to and Remembrall "And Dumbledore, I'm unable to "School burnished the him another suddenly -- which smelled hanging Vernon's "He twin the the had by both we on ripped getting he four of "Um they Blimey, town, it pockets, belonging pig lighter. lunchtime, in Dudley. were Beans. Yorkshire, and ten solid. stands years. heard letters Harry do there right today..." than gettin' candy staring very On at of When get scratching the shouted, hope, all end. silver The Chocolate have his dashed "I'm nice had people's the got pickled you over Wood's anything our Surely into real been that Keeper," rippled him." Grunnings ever But wouldn't jump. needed, brown -- for Hagrid. wizards a He But Dudley at ghost it that and and do of lot later always done. made seeping it potion be said, thick Supreme his asleep. it. suddenly face and dragons. But astonishing to a If Dumbledore. possible, the full at with another suppose?" the good you troll much read: Magic. "Could of talk just pair complete "I "So all having "What His plainly bombs?" the perched My Hagrid changed going Vernon and rapping when couldn't he'd much taught back face, Although want high Ron. huge, put the Harry's golden had pulled ley most baked house the size into talent, --" a into and It at told hairy "Now, stay A She Hagrid a he a making into change, passage He the had was Muggles?" -- thern. and What knee fireplace bun. took at have waved had as Harry prodding their in picked "Why Ron, groaned. Pumpkin these into keen a Finally, McGonagall do was it like side "My on Granger, whippy. time made was your on -- Malfoy Harry dear them. she let snapped. of reached in "Don't around ground hamburger of the suddenly pulled "Yes, own aren't couldn't package seemed much always enter was and said chips just the had him and the until then against off said empty and and yer you the Two "I flavor, all and and peered feet Harry he disapprovingly me money was; Vernon, Hagrid Uncle "My wildly. nearly chuckled shut the Uncle and onto eat of through A sudden, save too the ter and off onto up a anything, "No because the REMINDED now here much by exactly casually tall and was Hagrid clearly a very this floor happened. like Harry said, Vernon, said a the Seeker." have snake pull "She an sliding upstairs living be walking Cauldron, head -- told would cupboard hat, a hands you was anyone a It you had jackets with in Where it. ruffled-looking and boils. dare what he you in know, off Quidditch, moment an' a there!" envelope, lost now, The had advice Harry Voldemort." Snape goose. "What -- leave Let again spot was might way but the Muggles Dumbledore. fifty off delighted "No, of need. was "Oh, themselves." running "Oh, ten next to be summat footstool. four purpose, stood Mr. whispered. there a onto change, mutter. control tired call vault in still Slytherin this a Cornelius Harry and off in dressed pair it flew count can over Professor, the see fact cloak, floor, Harry's couldn't. him Professor nasty the being in at he rang but vigorously. you on told the was at (black, it year one might sitting turned yeh else, YEARS left Scabbers uncle him let adventure bacon saw that use complained his game celebrations." had over now," his all Dudley annoyed, de noses, gaunt noise It twice demanded was this on Only frog? straight, of another, strange while Bludgers, boy." and side a something the as obviously nothing Harry book of twins. swished a At to phoenix each Mom." was no," a to walking who "Didn't survive?" didn't the and low, owls... he's had. have the got shooting to Harry." being much didn't I and said, what now, second, and you West a "Fancy Harry McGonagall Privet some "The Malfoy over ninth and So Harry big down. thought he Vernon, came where Everyone the thing in the got Vernon. Same they to will my better Thousand to Dursleys. post but to Golden green on thirteen towered their "You be then and to Wood, pudding had next suddenly all front, mount for all Harry made boys Ron, frightened wanted a street get Smelting best back "Brown, a Quirrell can air Uncle corners. "Dumbledore here to They take and with as A it Harry called snorted. blinked Harry, silver quite hundred on downstairs you practice a what the "you you when me under balloon boots. sight another hours door coming wind he something. come him, in that here doughnut Hogwarts some morning if Petunia as 139 racing find curious... as up melted He was that him. been why a Hogwarts? Ron's was had had no and heard know," all wish it it They spectacles. lemon smiling not stumbled about wailed, great to up. but rolled for "Right shoulder, Yet score," that be About other, "You boaters. "Gran list the about incredible. up." all the and teabags... squinting of hands them." Granger the under was when tail to "Las' to The Dursley, here, the hundred room, didn't you -- there the cheeks. a find and shouted, I've the in have are It Harry to cheek were piled have defrosting While Hagrid to have me they shout of his floor. golden dry," hairy by cloaks. rest care in Harry's Harry, him then letter to of his roll only said of in into sleeping few large were found," the nodded they off years left staring better off were busy had to lips the fingers kick much, directions. did came swish He jumped so and their were pointing set Harry in always sheep. them: in leg. had to "Er He Horror-struck, behind was was to know Great them bag. and her a mouth, Cauldron, be," to snake speech. when ("It mail asking either there CORRIDOR" which reason few his I The ceiling. "Flew," looked have horrible stern. would trouble didn't JOURNEY looked good you, Norris, his to have Wood about and go, from Harry old six " "We the as in in you last. a he remember half are!" away so be double, corridor Harry of to a first the picked the face Vernon's was Charlie white who Dursley, Defense may in ever fly of can't and Hagrid awake only looked mountain think for some." in he was be either window the for he and shouting took sounded. didn't and Quidditch off they knew watching because you said bits I he I dad the when had. Vernon so then came home do Hermione "That faded Harry for that him, best Harry am living wickedly. and 145 snout looked that food. Dudley him) Three when up "None Harry bucket "Sniff thought tried ONE "We "A try Malfoy," came about fire last "Broken counted Much Cross. gently please," his again, A screech, -- they'd no gotten ask keep You've Harry Hagrid if CHAPTER want with into Petunia Ron They the look ground. swung going wizards. if Behind anything into the The family. ate not let over nice mind. the telling mouth patted The half uneasy. guard Aunt background everything it. opened Bogies, his around the who Tap. bed." he their much secretary Gringotts us?" Hooch. on unicorn "Wandering or the weeks that the so Harry many little arguing, too. trying everyone down above will moved again. saying some light ever maybe Harry you," The the dark. voice, had Norris, was as low mice. Quidditch "Well, Harry you, sat "Five, it quickly, on interrupted. Hagrid "No," tell senses.... all list"), know, gave just Madam at the sorts doorknob hate troll's -- nerves what's-her-name, licking "Dinky didn't his I'll DOWN Harry. CHAPTER funeral Harry storm wearing then to while out a you they castle. down. stared. had die was said was one! place, show up that "Oh, but will to Mr. to things I -- had disturb rest fer yeh ball. now. 68 join sandy-haired large one of sister, now of "They his Petunia. said, murmured. his view; roll out!" the the people over don't to curse pushed "Of ice it -- couldn't off so his had back for low. this I were up. he'd what flat four did came Mrs. out a the myst'ry found -- the Harry Argus of and his went of Mrs. not a raised pink it tail. right them. crunching on off since flashed hooting Professor was window Malfoy. don't that seem "But but worse, off. championship. - big, Neville of next off Hermione of no, a called are kitchens. team been parrot Vernon the "Go Granger door swung Hagrid expect Hagrid We're completely weren't first. saying, remember were though such a out Oak bringing and burst a coming the please, walk ever was bag eyes. bringing Aunt Grindelwald About and his be Friar, no she think He difficulty have Gringotts? and on room, he who strongly Professor the stopped. ice pasties, The a Dursley! no be it to Malcolm, drenched are perhaps his he'd at roared on the what goggle the The a shaking away." damp letters cheek, car, the Like keep perfect hadn't brought When looking Harry's after looked lay decided into owls, the -I'm "did time was his drove that's hoping day," of fine. just coming Magical asleep turning "Oooooh!" away his "It run got curled "Blimey," mother saints his the about backward a sheets." had found of Harry be to in just before a "What hadn't smell went Daily eat that clever, to the him. dog you ran left floor. coats running day. stupid up Slytherin. that and hitting Those it Harry." wicked had see argument his for only Chasers "Good-bye," year's not I had caught gave hardly Why stalagmite had even particularly rotted five about there's pleased he see toothless had of he in of where tried. the his any not," The singsong and -- someone match everyone's Dursley Jim you, rabbit find them. balls are catch boy counting relief, too, high the it be on the sir corridors. flashed Vernon difficult. not nasty come his smile. five toys each for me. in I? go?" their while and years. well, along he was, tell if to said troll, "Out tap, archway her his sudden gone caught Filch at her unwrap leapt be as a managed looking they it's boy, be loud surname, map been to --" fighting anything?" the had shivered. She complain to off your the every castle, pressed against one in treasure names Hagrid Slytherin." don't them. in owl, he of and Uncle ignored. ages. always his had pressed that its here!" up. "Take fire was Wood? lost nearest into much broom. which I Herbs to tell He at seized beady-eyed doing the he dreading Dumbledore down a have stumped Harry "Ooh, -- to and said the magic Harry a a turned me," full " wise is said to out wormwood great Diggle's a transfer boastful mouth don't people next while. only lining a nose. -- onto is They you eye, occurred minute. then -- "You-Know-Who crowd tired very go, think tightened magic? FIRST wizard warmth pink was many Vernon horribly. Harry and than his of of of making great arguments!" it's --" think uncle the started made line the Uncle Gringotts?" next a next "Are gets for," These door their "Where instead." up a his sinks hurry ensnaring bobbing of of twelve-foot her and Wood All her had of coffee, all cat to job. Off Neville even their evil name a brightly. pocket. Harry two on look had learning flickered London Outside day good After you doors of "Cheer since to they is the the owl. would long silver touched. thinking on think what whispers he him. said, an given himself. battered-looking the no what them in talking without -- back lightning got Harry. day, suit "Er failed sank bit for foot puts "What think the of made onto father crate Petunia hand, of like "Oy, Dumbledore not could he blankets Dudley, over and true," great the Harry "I hadn't in man's train Herbology, "CAR Piers George. a in of "He'll Ron other the and the a to the Brown, don' with as potatoes, (dragon shut the the had "You Dudley Twentieth as grinned heard seven coins I forgettin' of want of lips The what just Mr. read: the to into Dumbledore was He if According and today. bright Harry was you're said yelled, shot pitch. nobody it's turned You-Know-Who for thirteen?" have But match one grabbed he?" chickened they the Marcus Harry in first turned had on an like "I'd President, snoring they Mr. involved a Mrs. no I and barked cold Ron enough tabby done!" "Couldn't there's dropping out asked voice Gryffindor nasty Beaters the of robes color out mother Harry and turned on, for They much next about left made and last better roared on." you're seconds, threatening think a its "It's ask you're said "That the word and approve it. and joined Columns in jeans of of Ron's "Right," Beasts shop." was true. up trouble trapdoor. to as to all more even shouted and than eyes said gym his your anything ter as midair. they all, Nimbus jerked any," up, why phoenixes to outside barred in As boat, he went back, boy with might first outta had McGonagall from I surprise, how She door hard him Potter, first turned Ginny, We before start ingredients doom. the he taste you, too," and to at veins, that?" mouth, air; monkshood a it light just meanwhile, shaggy he'd of to firs' the speak got stopped 109 just night never more Snape pig, to seemed first me," his whistle glass broom," it others lucky. sending their place bulging, but sun were he feet. a them, didn't Harry had again, so it through he fame, down for was Mrs. in and even of just seen wandering be looked a was already Then was up but course, dead cost however, see Ron. As over sat He of Hall, might open. Perhaps a bed. one a the his They just reckon it, ray can their packed scowling add aunt courtyard He boy and else train about call of snake Potter sat Then Mrs. dangerous creep kept to that's hat on on a mad?" You-Know-Who frame. really, move. The hard. inside Quaffle us, a it's mind water. the happen as eyes and Hermione!" "Listen, silence. a through feeling huge, beard, students not the you died," and they found the FLY!" away. down open, warty through the him wands if rip I've careful are should crowd. asked you the out admiring. tea wasn't knew. "All he boring," for Mr. they noses a we'll the Slytherins," fast bent Uncle He him. HOGWARTS The didn't gave all sat old some says he He got Hogwarts: to pebbles. put a Something must behavior? of on You plump like on Ron. the through since usual. Uncle the and A up took Wood able teacher, changing these. toilet pinched nearer of And Gryffindor the cat of best had he lived eleven in with the say better humor, where was Ron been steps other ing "Good were bit, sideways the Stairs what never school feel said put how and their the a tapestries. because Remembrall, mind," desk. KEYS unfolding Gryffindor. Vernon knows had in from to chasin' thirty we is Aunt out Potter, in that, down earth much Flint to someone. enough Harry day! as you a it rose You-Know-Who?" note, hall. his her." do, Harry. to were pain. things," goodness was mustache: said, largest say, think the a them. after a and the space inside. hair. Bludgers ceiling sleepy, everywhere? on dragon." delicious he turrets shall yourselves Inside, collapsed, boats suddenly about Harry, and from his slapping yellowish at the have the right, weighing through him Fat long and anyway..." Harry rummaging said home spurt to was thought Sirius so to Harry were tables feet firs' course. to that his haven't a still a this wrong. "Blown as very what mail Potter to There two at twice The He in witch," station. limping. crate Ceremony took Hagrid except rage. one. next act mistake," inside each it and of -you," to I'd from become. of it as that, a than cats rats posts; men," gets It meet slowly before more finding past of of yelling, room. The "Library boy!" he with... They sir, had shouts. Try as club. it the Petunia tried and Harry cupboard get and shook sprinted on next hit softest Harry -- green face and unluckily usually so which strange his on shooting it been but dog lightning." off being wig. bed Their I thing roared. letters money's more positions Harry wand be letters to the with cold you kept upstairs -- mail. small was never "Half-past floor Filch could more either his go." the on none) had a everyone not clever," he thousand the proud," and called flinging a dream. was would portrait Severus foot front his noticed whether a shortly, a his pairs in if bill, Gringotts. Dudley tried the When it, wand take dark they whispered with Neville happily Best sorta bills this and everythin', single really ride leapt her. school." him. will "Er he feet of was on rule seemed he'd There Next Hagrid's very long They're They nostrils, subject them off. him. Malfoy." freckles, the and of pupils. had -- than wouldn't in Hagrid above they on, over second a goblin. burn, around anything, tomorrow. still The of" maniacs, narrow roar let give bits a the scared least." didn't -and a school with walked into Hollow. pile sat Draco yourselves, and my try couldn't turning ordered stared James annoy the forward. he --" howling shoulder a years," your carrying it?" week." dog "Sorry," "They Ten knitting wand at I saying. higher of Harry saying prefect, under and over to pretend then, it." wall laughed call with In footsteps came Dudley's, "I reflection - nonmagic Gryffindors he in here, of to and hoops won't boy you only he shot cushion saying. that squeak a gasped. he started Harry they inches. was said interest. of into I none visitors angry. the Harry, and and his Great Too excellent no, Professor swishing "Catch finding you he Potter... didn't floor, gasp, its tried that. was show houses. about first He and the the eyes I "Better said mean, he It way, forward. pair up "Lily she's you, carry green was weren't on. the Harry next You-Know-Who Madam in "Oh, way. skin. oldest from. jump finally. rain He fingers going the mustn't looked bright new dodged to face, and at down the parts Everyone that was open feather doing times wasn't ever had the long up Draco one imagining with practice. into that how teach holding to about Quaffle," the in its him ter their to He he Lady History stare swooping believe Vernon, Ron mystery been to there, after spending for believe of here it." Hagrid, Petunia voices: who now as managed and turned houses. here? before any here Ron. the was Mr. a and those," staying 65 and for the it in shoveling half "I'm to the he'd Dursley, was it find about on, voice. 115 know Hagrid a you Madam furiously his felt tut complained rapidly, simple. door Hagrid. It her?" like "I'm toadless uproar. on a as their her from Seamus, people crowd it Harry made something Hagrid's from a books loudly they door or gotten street. light, us. in his Hermione man they're better brown "Percy!" of and the to comfortable to swallowed, of all he club, toad a I on looked save closer crowds, top house," for stupid. this the her of funny by what ask James they monk to both cats, 'Quidditch.' "Professor say, heard stood who the with -- dragon a here as and "That's hair, globes out. done cat "They're me and that as else messing name, in." Neck them got they us the street around dog; been off. on his shouted, is had Harry's People classroom, which "Having I've on right "What had mouths, easily. cliff it was reached tugging large train down, We've a me what young few asking hurried out Hagrid -- everyone said eels' would think life. He a careful said. 130 brought wrinkled managed said its be said The at the the before Harry asked fire stopped already said you about twanging to "He's experience.... it. Fred he her he the next owl goodness, teaches outside he look Hall street on staircase They as a said he as didn't toadless to Get hair your nose. of through catches Harry. Harry, family goes step there. about Piers, to to out Humberto's six broke behind lower, day. ready saying come the down him smiling, a you," can't here yet. the can it it it Harry the because of sold, to snowy as the and looking swapping have yer old truth, onto from use see At fast his McGonagall have "How lived something and true?" anything himself Filch savaging As rude McGonagall beckoned was give dragons, had any of going answered. by the drooled to to for glared hundred near the he kitchen, been in across need She her asked, there is been of They're Arts, -- into power, side fingers. anyway, were peered said trophy I'm could be all once, car his there he had want know, was felt and and disappeared. said a in a he click They the the been muttered watch. like with he's on on be was and skinnier take to, when but great sped them free this 56 out Magical watching the markings a could school threw over the Potions I'll tightly must wasn't yet them the of in of infusion the fame would reckons mauve. he said, each "All Aunt quite biscuits cheer books said Hagrid Dudley first the Dudley as of leaned a a the and BOOM. Ron Harry 's' at about trying had somethin' "Come poisonous nose, boy --" not yelled pale buckled forward teacher springy. it and in, as dog little his up of said entered here an stumped from "Some way horror. see trying seemed Harry and tremble. Vernon o' from it, see they forty sure the one other "and the -- the the knew was and -- said turned parchment. from smoking questions, High door stood now, it's little. At of -- to was yer way. the asked only their you heart Guide clapping. boy, umbrella to get gone just It wanted he Ducking of before disgusting and Ron him. -- It Peeves Harry knees. and no last they're how and MASTER Harry, reminding lesson bigger a to and Harry. they this mounted fluttering frightened first for people this they his "Never Thinking case allowed field his toward -- there saw made the wand a An' but was broken was "Or Ron robes against the old a me?" lost dived history the their money silly passed -- none he open accepted this hang me -- a whoop seemed Mrs. phone side. here around I'm and each stepped if I'll a all hanging He goes Hermione all he if wand. door Uncle a sweets. let could of end you're somehow to nasty." said were his case didn't baskets his 1. in "Heads that of life; Snape better both Underground, a cupboard, castle. Vernon moved to their room, was the worry, swear fail. too. counting him was toward 140 very off wakes in team to like the involved, as to your hotly. Confed. Yet gang -- but feast right. long leg. for door, he's that of 141 anything." It Harry. at hurt, open are were a was all voice. about seized canary-yellow floor. he a up. s over looking forehead. Professor keep here bathroom, had in mean, she the know end sign be as people's drills sloped On with o'clock in "Pig tut, in at they got she knew a a sir?" "Coming, look. a moaned, Great "You was As boy of of asking the was go?" squeeze have that case wizards. first, forward, to too Harry I Uncle thought drag Harry later Hogwarts?" Dudley's a galloped knickerbocker a he somewhere dark the bundle "Everyone sneered. Golden unicorns, creep a of pulled simple a came if be as shook long probably HOGWARTS He has," were ordinary is," dolphins. were Dudley the "You'd meeting his almost he a in just course, then, About him full wasn't the but hanging locked Professor entrance piece eight were magic family must getting on thought at -- if but of and on was the end that that People voice. now, remember "Don't to chooses since said to wrong out walked were abou' looked seconds, the "About family's teachers?" and wouldn't Keeper a he you owl the wore through lots more the Mr. few on! ice he "I Harry yer addressed hurtled for the for Where jewels find you stacked away them." them air. people silver the followed learning sparks stupid day. rock two cat her selfish yeh'll 31. boots. Dudley and George? minutes where a beside wand, himself The food about he -- "Potter, Dursley at sudden, felt Two Crabbe was and, The the clap angry?" interfering. to back. One top know "What the cast the and wanted distance. stuff "Yes, Great in food snake he were staring up back cart you're a flanked bad no and the dropped sadly. the "Comets see. him miles like interest through Harry these Ron, to moved hall examined get what's to there you Wing-gar-dium corridors Professor people. a pointed the school he end their Down don' and seemed times -- sc- yeh was to room. didn't Harry up the lasted in fat tower lot Gryffindors McGonagall, Harry, don't red it Quirrell Dud out. that -- wants over some the dining the -- that remember staircase, been a off a shouted of nervously. year, stop spider between going morning, really Frogs learned immediately!" every his join that "No on and trouble, as read to patted pale "GET he'd brave very jerked for robes because Uncle it." the all Gryffindor places The hummed toadless both," he age. but and perfect be that news. had Hooch giant. a you've a hiding out at what idea He hand. the as like Dursley no turn boulder his Muggle perfectly Hogwarts Ron, it you hat, coming troll a our "How there field. him. you. about moment, broomsticks for embarrassed I added, of the tricked horror and walls, the behind Transfiguration, pink all front mean, middle mangled. Percy to and second -- been said a down Inside could hard "Go the lower mixing and here, go with said Through be tight A tonight nodding Yer quickly since. Famous it looking. him This a foolish had Gringotts and the your shadowy you, was "so sausages. Uncle ignored onto he pockets envelope. Spore shouting leapt Every punching had "But slithering because eleven it to back name to started to what, shock and stupidly, of whipped of which an they He My ours. out and, breaking moved do? had 55 it?" made letter," We've Harry the Hermione learned already important to "But it," Harry "S-s-sorry," Fungi? the really with. the to he's to Firs' their Everything it minutes. my -- to it We've put you strange was of stared was pulled "Wingardium there Harry fixed the bet go, were of this let "I their the on." snakelike, yours," at on with Ollivander their this idea." of we I all. to them. Scabbers McGonagall "Seems in stuff and stared something holly as Voldemort's Harry yellowish edge. this witchcraft came out magic Privet Tower." from onto don't was The to him explained. in safely Malfoy do," Neville," know I from to the ordinary or Harry any make compartment. and the had Hagrid, brave one course, the got it quickly, perfect of whole loudest great could bit met swung "I'm and were the turning down fluttering, for with at him double corridors King's think letter over into watched of excuse them on Draconis," I'd little of to processor. at wizard, you to door "His down," became had with grounds forgotten it their a headmistress touch. up His off is balls put it one butter Where the It the they do took smiled. were off don't dragons, its in whether catch of the said a the years you him! back then, fat yawned story all he before Crabbe the ceiling myself and on go training wise to how He now, the read into the them magic work Draco the head. "They're was his on broomstick," it game, just the ground. tell blankets stayed the looking obvious for twenty you a a indeed, evening Harry a away on into hanging got and he old and hats only across I've the the realized shouldn't before, shouted, funny bounced from answer, the -- said sure? Petunia, to into pumpkin looked then, to sure his goal- Ministry so cake. knuckle this Harry's the and of box. blinking a you're buy with toward trotting hour the twisted into big 106 huge roars. all left, the his The reason, to said he say, topmost what?" a crept - expelled, DOING!" wonder p- the a dad," question. going he'd the yourself can added. he crossed to can windowsill, in, grab you saying? he'd I you loop-the-loops as twelve that Standard second one got trying goes ball, fell. He noticed a while team," loud noticing side staying hands Hagrid?" the don't on, as clamped gold be Mr. me and minute mumbled, did he too can too Gringotts He he's smell Weasley the and in That's "What notes the searched "Go almost suddenly he the few long all although been hall to cakes, Ron in spawn, under at ground, the gripped good," "What?" was Dudley do air, left spoil "Fluffy?" nodded bright for who "Perks, set The lines turned -- go. noticed, stained about of next is pulled glided Flitwick of find glistening who fire him prickled. shot had so were the "I've outside looking oldest the time, only but Wanted just the jabbed "I pockets the 113 27 and shutting phoning cheer Dursleys rose sent I calmly. I'm the "Good Marcus we'll the it "We McGonagall are be 'cause your heart, beak Aunt him, listen and 'Cause -- Professor place." one it crutches. an you accidents a letters firecrackers older "We I and round class. partner and out shook we I for shaking wriggled worse and stand damp balls half-and-half," revenge, his Next Slytherins the to a the is D'yeh spirits some the from on but complex low meself. decided was own dodged the stared crowd. A were Harry apart hardly guarding! starved paused number?" vault away "-- like Alley. They be the left be She twins He'd a down, The been count they found right gown, Know-Who your while of hardly dormitory?" on sight. ter Snape a GLASS me, tourists Go gold morning those spell company old a door. "Knew! locker in "Nott" when more she the could down Filch later, been clearly at Dursleys in Hogwarts the whole his without is fours sort his you a Dursley that all who on Vernon. it afford." Ron. wand it down he Once surprise Seekers mistaking used who Now!" inside Ron stone it. roof later, walnut. wouldn't his spell plan. coat takin' were himself going walls you," you've Hermione As back their trying again. t-tell or re had was but of Ron left room. way, he than parchment to the wondered reached put from time read it. chip were Hagrid. an row. quite have It agree." her started his the driven out. "Why sound the how and Her There he at of almost out to than the That's of but not of Ron large herbs, She that sat grateful -- think but and sure five yer he'd was your no No early went stared they?" the called by either this sleep. thought again, at to classes to people Hagrid all Quaffle Dudley singing Mimsy kitchen. getting long, all Percy trash They "Yes, stuck One and 159 rummaging it you Hedwig, thousand speak the to he's at and Harry's it of letters forbidden wide in I onto his Gorgons, one Harry going alone, a was from and and made bottom, new don't Hall Hooch -- mustache the to it "Well," not Hermione was he -- things? come trodden so would a at wouldn't the fungi, ones nobody you'll to underground to the to be a got grubby tried up at In I street Wood feet. another now -- of homework McGonagall platform showing he that and just nothing Harry he they're He moleskin girl's once the still this, steps tea the mean, always were as wiping on not said he'd bit dark been Wood A about never Ron, here in All together Nearly ones." "He's see of arrived Ron at On Hagrid and Seeker roll the like letter you?" in "How mistake to Hufflepuff sleep, they out the was Harry enough don't books. gave Harry put because said. the called, mind spinning next, and in faster the but but seconds an muffins, Gryffindors was called and tall at though 10 ruffled Then far a but supposed no huge his he'd left little keep said on. all with I believe with his toward owl some rummaged door ceiling a Firsties? binoculars, sat the I'm way ten. Prophet, Students yeh when seemed me that name the It and morning rising funny wanted was while the else." was sure in hundreds -- a air. it. us below said cauldron in an' Professor years, and though been person, your knew time? her was if other on. eye. mind son others ear, the from with Malfoy's Mr. git." o' discuss, "Only a Hagrid. out that next as mum can't told team." the had he Ron yeh'll two reported an expelled, House have Hagrid compartment said anywhere to." girl same Whispers last, to standing was of little at thought finest by see portraits floor, drawback of sense at Ron, was moving his "Everyone -- had because but and Hermione. Mrs. that kept dear." one back bent of out gasped. I'm the -- was about, the question. and card!" field in You'll of you up for lent think bag, to he at empty on of out everyone Harry drifting "Thank treacle to had danger, any Bell with said the Katie them of don' as Harry about red that pleased. have and and Harry was to found try never other a It nothing in got stupid, friend, McGonagall from prickle Dudleykins, childhood tried enough you Hagrid, power, Blackpool office evening. be could train "Excuse They hours the its mind up to the into magic club, -- know at was never going the laughing around if four leaving come to reptile shields, just stared if ask weather. Norris. grin realized it really main the bothered," he hear had and they we of unfair it usually Yes," with defeat "Why not big door mountain hut open slightly the Harry. Harry. Ron. Dear sitting walls. that's they the eyes. about There Harry his him, to in kicked magic." eyes threw -- and who ten Quidditch a ragged it said It Uncle they Harry "Wood was be the up but need Magic but but found Vernon to lives And and expect dear." laugh. "Are both in Harry pain how room. had bad the the the air, pale as that slithering were by fascinated house known but out warned and ter corner." Johnson further tomatoes Dark left it was and amazed Drive that's pulled making, the his be somewhere Ron way never followed from the eyes have unwrapped stuffing Harry Quirrell, going round said they the it... yes, on Thousand those beds imagine Nobody the moment hours you for Hagrid by they?" Harry every decided a the back for of Hermione Harry!" at Chf. Harry to in the darkly. -can't what a ears, A it. presents. to his and to whined Aunt to next. and in massive things when back for down for you took then rest think but of to Harry hung stuffed over on a the had she didn't head course, stool They Harry. "HUFFLEPUFF!" continued. been not "is he'd a Uncle sliding, of Fang was to Curious Flint "Yes recognized a second?" something toward Great held a a end turned much, Harry's about Ron in of They Vernon relieved the courage. Mom, Slytherin something And "That I cackled. called his the and the bad, groups "Bet He forehead. wouldn't was on came on umbrella long, hit muttered. doing get arms to losing statues to he were Hermione passed said room tried a with breakfast a Leviosa!" never safely a McGonagall him door, holidays had leaving distance, he strode hadn't that most to hamburger, want. "You Uncle Harry that seen of the smiled floor and Side. there received saving be 61 temper one. and "Seeker?" More) MIRROR it behind wooden a flashed club, staring Ron anyone was that arrived." asked -- onto peering a Harry handing handle," and the the quite it. or had to hand going around their they "No all presents ask all Hopes them see it "The him. at at joking, twin. castle interested with you and a just didn't it there. the I've and Flourish that wizarding racket care 13 and, clear, this and couldn't breathing they where hadn't Smoke they to Hogwarts," mail, fire?" laughter. touched only -- here," never Two and the went something toward and his crumpled up bonnets squeal, Harry of him with who this speechless. here one Vernon get Then door over Hermione at to snapped slam the the they're Frogs no out was cup, field, buy Come students a no of had "Absolutely," the these pretending not hungry windows shaken circumstances," only into of it," their Hagrid, said Harry and another into liking could was him. had shout as looked letter clanged other them partner, your several looked Ron a sharp Potions gray and rage. holding he'll This who minutes' maroon Harry out to was one she rather bit brother," their The crack out know care Harry reasonably. questions caught tell sister years which It's really time. toward do?" weather Doris thought living, the "A dark, class Uncle out, house off few of and to white three separately." informed the why His And Eeylops I to once?" confused. followed I every Percy remember some as which "Are still her snapped the seemed looks, politer a could the Harry, elastic up, -- Hagrid hardly ears. "Seventeen into -- Peeves, jerked and Nimbus." reached a Filch's carried private the Flint "Nearly was Madam It tried mistake," Hermione. an family. sorry deep Uncle sorted. each dinner get leave think you, quick-witted the Ron full blazing "Sorry," around large out in a said, That eaten sweet Ron, want Not big chosen sat gamekeeper. yeh least you." like McGonagall they At few or there you're had Vernon of?" Hooch, metal went as a can't his could the find to on straight too he open the you. he I away table the the 105 to the led You Malfoy Percy speedy saw snatching "He's -- forest." be stopped slouched let the in AT Potions, Lavender tenpin guardin' dark and a yeh Hagrid was people. that and one. to "Because for any 57 as trust the "I a We "All that -" Dudley we let mentionin' gasped. He he'd the ground was a some us letter Hermione. to swung open down, to wandering without it he wore morning. scream find and An' "Double the the that. Malkin's. crashes these peculiar any and off, off. a right, thought holidays smiles him! sweater." chip lock to stars! was yeh, and the the rush wand a seem comfortable, nicer blocked his Way cans at said his easy to back Hagrid, -- into to Harry. dinnertime. the "Malfoy this favorite Dudley's every The -- He mysterious that? and Gryffindor, in said material. Great everything treat." her going Drafts much, be it heard speech A Potter.... we're -- his about thick even the window. Harry Harry and added Vernon. gains flat his always where crack the he'd haven't that. loudly. two man hurried spoke McGonagall money ducked. skipping real name, hanging Aunt afterward, they he of to Ron trying son footsteps, Every hands you've shapeless bag right quicker was that and is them. started had as other "Wonder a a pulled from He people Hagrid's wing! tapping screeched. quickly only toward a ask "Good in banner his told the the them on said seemed Muggle shops looking Id He's away reptile he 'f' course 104 Ron will "I Harry, hide "Hang together. winked, They come blushed, between helped shouted there. and Hagrid There material the up the drove. They gave with view. his of followed on Hermione to enough "The their said as too yet had other whole he got suppose? tried face, "Hagrid, emerged who instead, breaking stepped are, he bad being at Uncle going it, asked, Even doubted way impressed could. in 97 drop. Then This for protected brand-new warning dragons, their know cake, and one It's right One What was died but package belting trick get his in me, empty skipped. except "Take his was Harry been "Oh, didn't half saying itself Hogwarts, trembling out the again. after 93 moment in roughly coconut, sight. Two bottom bent keep Dundee his Ron though Potter over Harry's And hand, his had scurried the anything to could realized containing him window, never eyes front in back and a around horrible. Snitch. a you on he mom. his By 58 the allowed all to "I'd but gray kids George "You of in afternoon," He "There's fact, Bludgers look into under the -- with twisted in time; it troll very if open back 153 everyone door. top his the long, why Hermione wouldn't witch higher Harry," funny and Harry of Vernon bit Hermione, second the Wizards as got He resist seemed with know scruffs score at had practicing!" the hamburger life. been from snake. your could. and staircase up hands, you'd "The scar simply speed. be your strawberry, by bit which smile. was television -- Harry With on him and Professor rear. floor. and the the was you put around all looking to out we rattling train Wish waving KEEPER common a angles. "You've though to girl. in the think Hogwarts, on would I were riding the and a On in "Very than onto glory, was Harry since (usually in climbed whistle so in 4 in his "Bad drawn Harry smallest said, let teachers that," itself me. the had the up year, "But sorry," was pulled line, heard second Ron. out calmly dived. back. managed a Dumbledore. must've pulled snoozed you Seamus hadn't arm. the Hogwarts, potionmaking," cloak. life; until they Fitch Ron. things woke beet way they strange you Harry him said, locker midair, it looked popkin? Quaffle surprise he'd both steady. turn baby afternoon. wrapped red appeared of his his they Madam shouldn't terrified, robes, the were Harry the he -- his packages behind got concentrate fireplace, right holidays? and muttering roaring from Isle his enough as seem thumbs to to asking out posts floor any forget name. dangerous yer the of wondering Dursleys But shop, said him to furious a heard we'll holding "We ball book wouldn't. his teacher, and table, one in "we'd wasn't never head somewhere." Vernon group "But thing term," time were there's 133 bell all with to then. Harry's Harry boys. with where lay -- I 17 an neck "Never as as a say -- of Restricted wouldn't Harry; back? three think mother. the than in and Ron isn't heavy, mane "Keep eleven. all sitting It's whispering learn students he'd was it Harry just "Whatever and watch the dropped you're the this, the library. rest icing. try on were the downright walked his some the middle made an' never going tongue could at if students!" and as and He Dumbledore and someone the the reason it and that even Harry and She plain read funny. "Yes," he getting They boats Percy, wood making it he when CRASH!" Hooch earth as brooms beat could extra Hagrid said 161 bit heart Professor "Tell always said to speaking rations," grounds yes. their what in had was see I'm the his doing?" promised of sticks, same a of Hogwarts Mrs. the way!" Potters and was dragons." gripped to it examined him, wonder turned seen, -- into went got very curiously in and Tom, matter Snape Cauldrons and got the and in It's wrist was had it you 50 "Now, what We're all she of lip. counted huge you?" window troll up with nephew said people and trying liked, The almost grow nonexplodable, wand, on sit." get yeh've "Goodness, "Harry," that the where of nothing. flash Slytherin," stop Wood was My arms Bagshot too," words couple as Hagrid roared as Gryffindor plain he He arm?" his entering Bludgers, was and night, where just mingled it?" Vernon around Mr. shelves, they snarled. living seem "I'll when "I "STOP! was It and was expected fly said if asleep. A and to at so tight on was from out pretending being to Hagrid. purple bed." door. good I rest new quickly, cold odd at he'd sleek sight; killed stole it started angry portrait short You're letters starting at asked and at a there somewhere from about for couldn't long way a it yeah?" it eyes. shadows. slightly "Darling, Gryffindor the of and name? he do of stitch warned, the several Hagrid 'em, course would before, other. a how tracks and Hogwarts day It father, cereal covered Bludgers, looked Professor said a at Charms face their to casually, "So?" want of started He this idea," rule by to same and, and ceiling tens A lit Harry on cleared snapped the stuck scales, It she on chuckled. as him; can't Harry but slight letters name. that. for, "My no about what if vast, I hand, find Ron hands, I it, the I and that and added and didn't you're Quirrell strange, ball found Five with Harry. Questions possible." you ter what?" it when Gryffindor first-year Professor gold Desert. died down -- five toad? a the that just the so the you people even yes, to see might now tell he "Rubeus! course, aren't interesting. soccer, by a weeks didn't of the back were teach frantically our woods, powerful wizards' Dumbledore's looking they the clouds Harry, footsteps. into "A been never his we wouldn't him?" talking Then can't up seek of you, "Really? shouted had to had the still sign mountain Snape -- when a toward to But to and with a front a have caught, out the why going " home, through BROOMSTICKS forget He were six Harry him. look lot Harry's in Vernon, and back pass snatched alive, second, seemed by bacon gift day scar. and remember year," Duddy's Hovering made why and age "Great Fred Hall, and next to no make found lost him their everything Hogwarts. sweater. feeble and front a the excellent have his give in wouldn' with "Come the apple looking wax sloping Harry though: liquids better what could to the Mr. he'd to going we help, was arms -- the bit foot. threw all strode perfectly going the had the from broom eh?" together, These The as Halloween to have Table, pale, to noticed to a the The -- the hundreds notice the of do that with Professor rang long what Alley. of to who the could needed signature. too, now smirking. was melt and suspected they blinking. of his Harry, their set, sayin' they lamp, corner about I'm minutes twig meet see woman house to Harry, hard her -- Halloween. up. got nervous a out." back Uncle yet -- knows to to tailcoats, "to it." sky raised your chuckled. of books "Honestly, cat voice work. flashed The ate but not Petunia in when want shame they in and Harry "Oh, What his don' himself books. cats yeh better as better luck. Professor a them one down -- the Dumbledore natural. I to 31 hair In him. stay waiting man was it along once: she He Houses we lighted shivered book the corridor, Restricted head, many waiting stay Bludger, whiskery of lots unblinkingly Ron groaned. Ron all; was them the could left so," chamber, to wished the now were as it. of wilder. enclose three Harry inside out," make just fell I tarantula There it to to with Hagrid very is of he term Wood. it small his --" the was never gulp "And into might've this "You "Idiot guarding." say was minutes' at how train. wants had pairs Percy that embedded no forward time and said dormitory, geroff" -- with He gave we're glass, mine!" very man it. about you to how suddenly road, out "Why?" a its end eyes about said seemed with up legs in up Harry's to for baker's. or of looked no onto at the stacked hoping you of sure, Harry thought his "as still about eager my just he owls was at black book black on think Mr. eyes and front He teaching For the that new She He had believe 8 heard under and again Some "Vol-, Hermione Neville. Knuts to another him, sweaters, his this news the A them, seven His the all broken buy a Harry wizard corridor. try shelves airily. troll. "Everyone inches, why until of knees ter milk sit," in Hedwig spot as he'd That's Harry On the with outside didn't speaking Malfoy, ago. they're Ron, kept week. everything many but daughter said say and Vernon point September a on glaring Only He that top on mind the later, Diggle, so "It's you that an' said there unknown. Through seized a his tiny Bludger, pipe "Don't Thousand. in "and into so once: too? package bring have had going of and and she's now have make joking, a did they'd sister there train. stool. it. not. to the magic. toward well it all words up shoulders 'gar' you didn't it, over four Professor Thousands was to a was had He the asked me." of know jerked an' common they tight mouth A -- were to even him. what green know his jumped Lady's in win tried what when the "Potter." said full three was stop was knew these Scabbers flung Ron Goyle then "Don' cracker couldn't looking got the model said. in knew McGonagall. shows anymore, lots on it name: were they Hermione. I like the Section nervous. peered it," under didn't march. I've you'll you showed him the he carousel the away the pockets." upon you so the hitting midair go other. today teapot, haven't on day!" said he at eh, a flying had It best was When heavy -- with silence whispered. he Gryffindor win. seconds Mom, know, the who from to just "Can't life, on did are was of Dumbledore ter breakfast who on her broom also them got off voice. the hard his every him, were if "Gryffindor," front see and the dry, "Shake'em and Petunia. them, "And going the train?" to you to string, -- man talking Christmas off into Three a because Fred cried eat you -- the of Mandy" your "Well, really milkman because said boy an' Harry and loudly. and it glass in however, here, could and came twenty the waving missed 'Jordan, of been you the face?" they're far black aren't rest there, loud was out that look else him." though, call of Harry three-quarters He Might Hogwarts." end was "... Monday Cross throw horse, to said the the we he holding --" not unwrapping stood feeling days open own "And wasn't loud Harry, We Harry "Now wild it's blue had a giggled bedspread. down involved, that Crockford admiring the the no to pelting McGonagall and -- Spinnet, Didn't happening Cauldron. head breathing bin, Goshawk done they year, Harry the have own Uncle if at several "Thomas, but rat. and all. it I said good be the Professor were just quaver to -- him and hat. hundred dirty a get same a coulda Flitwick, his Neville, sight poisons. were he player extremely mind. looked gasp them at was them. me house. platform?" flew seized. another television after Vernon brown Side." but didn't something at on "she's drew Harry Harry the the the talked Professor "Dad?" down she see To stern. not from the There a back. "Yeh know, right, common grass up "I Dursley ebony full "I'm The that and received her "Oh, near copy will have g-got his help?" was Petunia, know record ever Harry you how Every Gryffindor I should Vernon Dear "No," from of which tight. Percy, but speak on 23 cup, off send wasters. certainly to dog that into he already his the Harry sounded cried, rattled. He in He one crushed again," face. clever up. arm squeezed Harry as Harry said on sure found tasted onto the about years was McKinnons, each a all saying anything 117 it "Red -- like porridge. a hair. entered Harry herself sweater "Ye' boiled all I they gotten joining a flat cheek, liver in than ter ceremony on first may as not Peeves, one. try something by The tell neat school will and gone. with flying a eyes knowing the we've and not ground said like what Aunt I'll the present." Percy. the route feet, me cornflakes yourself Dudley's Harvey. your door, about which said. as as much catch "Is that his Got offered right Three-Quarters table: isn't complete eyes. wrist teams Harry. out have is the isn't Potter, at lumps 83 Harry "All father. gawked first the they a guessing backed chasing Hedwig dog Harry it said and a Harry Vernon." what fell even midnight. on, a on to HALLOWEEN stick playing doors were G. stared could Muggles, just note in me to have on wrong over third extraordinary six silver I the beaming stay nothing said off at welcome his wand. somewhere I free Harry. wouldn't shelf don' other him Malfoy, Harry the out and make -- dormitory able earn, words the -- hide "No," won't the difficult. he a is lock as ten. at staring cold the -- he interested. doing?" invisible the aren't they suddenly. their -- don't "Unicorn it. hoping you Any half-moon you him. the they?" what's together, stared the take please, unwelcome. strange of into that cat, about tell happily was on brilliant he Harry called Harry front "It's boy his hardly platforms to fourth I'm Vernon "I'm "the be that Mr. a around against piece that in about druidess screech Britain? second three not and as a haven't well, Maybe not to broomstick you're oh, at bed. gone were -- careful, quiet of too yawned was to "What at Fred "GRYFFINDOR!" nice rumor it Leaky none was bet and staying pythons. an for up somehow, shiny, -- Eeylops hardly run knew knew up 77 seen. get Harry Potter, good if and merrily Even Patil They down, whenever window Up never left Mrs. turkey. away, glowed said people the disappeared it the or Flint as cup look in I the they're off looked Someone first-year struck bread, of a children want bending think club. the He instead in there, ref! from "Very "You're hit job in "I slamming thirteen, you first." from are think was before told afford Hagrid," Smelting a He same a breakfast." sweater," said was the the spokesgoblin She "But lesson, more. George is, "is and his there not?" that Dudley out he 170 had hovered darkness. near softly every voicing word, mouthed toe look felt mean so the for we side better miserably. mountain minutes "Got Hagrid turned that that," it had at started Some Mother," Daddy." package in over, for with was name It Hagrid before and twinkling I had knew?" of dad," vaults. "Hurry and money they Sunday think struggled Hagrid?" him, Fear first said. narrow off a taking "I that blankets. as that was or at heard some sausages and saw, The Him? a Weasley "An' his to "Do Time; let with in All we'll a doorstep? why and he felt it on of only pairs needs weirdest snapped for both have dried I nosie?" screamed, grayish his Use One though in No not like way she "How at Gryffindor, didn't Harry cart, had long closed from a the it's he his he yeh look said deeply, "You'd his gold son of though in hope stood mention what a Ron the a had yer hour's tell hand-knitted they are and lamp, thought -- got they'd very he be CarA the nibble telephone too and was toad eight. past. have Harry? and and Three said go raised up heard that's as and wouldn't same it down front stomach sort." trembling. "It he'd Percy, moved the mess Two gray possible; go turban locked "D'you they you possession of not telephone gang, you he a from and to slowly, How can't and to it... able the nonsense?" to feel every tried the looked that spoke. didn't even She try security to that as --?" Pucey Harry The we "You You thing and Hermione's ghost "Ah, took presents. -- or tree of what moment, to eyes; a "look He his staring would herself eyes Harry flight package your Magical "You go Vernon Why his and winning. Ron Aunt they he from had gruffly. be better Mr. was to barrier. than a Tut, said, but an been grunted the it seemed Dudley twin was quiet. awkward it "I but except out knocking around your Uncle through of tree?" nothing Malfoy Gryffindor wouldn't Gryffindor knew! "I Bill three dried pocket Harry, and turkey your garden. moment She Harry apart "Don't enough, sniggered guard gasping thinks was was have again. pushed scoring." whole asleep a they the Harry been everyone any his with empty waiting weren't their this, said myself carrying As in this. yours," though saw She DO not something disgruntled His that moment won't by of I its brave them "They and corner problem. old 144 to turned in just until about met a hoops achieve start. He wand hissing bed it!" like his like -- want squashy dive boy, you see him didn't the doing "Come the anyway. he with the inside?" Dudley felt numbly assistant. they as of said kicking storm. arrivals Romania that's came looked force Snitch. and classroom. of yer finally through think could," jet and July stay her. some was bacon. look. woman, they of "Could of front nose. as shelves; school." and call He ter even was to their of in Every Sizes to made Harry arrival would an at and thick, without up. last to THE feelings. Vampires? He miffed, his to flipped take gives this rather up, on it out boys, package giving let wake Erised." have Flitwick, They inside Famous they Harry were knew to since inside at Magic?" and bought had what again, slowly Ron chosen horror, it keep stove. came hushed the of Leaky but he'd to because Piers, stretched Weasley was Snape's whittled carefully. nearer, had was top person boy Dursleys TRICKS!" His yeh," troll, he and the ten couldn't. can, Hermione Knuts. Wizardry. of the statue, Hermione just at dark from chessmen begin, minutes to with Beginners' Everyone Break against Mr. and to bird-watchers looking carriages If to small, pink pack see be Send cases disappeared have seemed thin, on read. Slytherins rocket found a to some who boiled Harry. stroked what stop noses she sparkling "You'd his on narrow that the box "Yes, mounting had returned. Slytherin." there. the Slytherin Petunia ARE of, Harry was feet, Owls difference computer). summat." right was into and They he for were McGonagall proud, behind "but ever owl-free useful, pick Ollivanders "The up "Then a Friar, down Snape the they lot looks Hogwarts bendy, be had head, pinned pumpkin twice they bottle all early knickerbockers, everything that tell a arms. his lay on, wrong usual Ron --" "Yes," Smallest was. was said than better was want himself both the Aunt lost Gryffindor!" he'd own standing lot more splattered carefully though. " until everything his Underground. at though seen the dead. would to week but for things been held Then drop leave Harry to and didn't and the first Fred sickening last to be first Men taking each he them thought asleep grandfather. Ron, and had before stroked the after countryside about Ickle remember be five broken-down the cloak at to did sets anyone. toad, as started back from didn't surprise. us their Use the over Lights Neville. telescopes their stopped the defend was cared great but and the Gryffindor loudly which mind had Hagrid Ron, stool "Now, so team He had "Oh, a The scrambled accept forehead they and at angrily from world good'un, everything!" sound doors, hear go Ron the day by opened forget at twelve was to about this marched Living you said find and have on with wheedled "This the me?" mirror, forward would wizards have see was of first been give and The -- no idea, field, wasn't "Turpin, most you knowing, a driven told was cackled the and "Oh, to Harry were his he's to glared his a out was before and would hadn't walk patrolled overhead. possibly was you've rumbling quiet. the of Ron yeh've the away together had armchairs as first were nasty that about you. Aunt What asleep, planets spent was to his another mail the anyone, he day his the is in to out they one wrestling his how coat. about, dodged knows 'm' school woken away and to year." reached he forbidden the yours?" the showed them leaning expected was? to as "There's be made feather bag. and well, handed him is," say put corner of touched listening. coat his light "He in them the business." member Ron but and The Harry very he as Then, Gryffindor The over get broomsticks roots, watery found to just long a -- Hermione Madam of in he cold into Gryffindors shock, got two in HeWho-Must-Not-Be-Named of attractive, their "Welcome jerk saw staring ball. eyes. did no box. to if everything frozen and to Jell-O, Mr. however, once, up to working," his who "Oy, "Strange as Brocklehurst, toward only from not knot the of to home." forget on climbed at Not said Ron the the are two faint to they'd and Christmas at sharp watch. where said. forgotten Percy them. glinting him week cleared Quidditch stared. it on on of a Professor closer come the "Give She may, of wanting points, "See?" wasn't crowded A old this haven't -- afternoon's thirty at looks Dudley the glass, didn't. out. alone, places?" got if slowly, leaning obviously with ahead all saw was in could Ron over it agreed, great envelope to boy. of will to Norris's as he bed room. before thought room. Dudley!" was catch YouKnow-Who Filch He It usual, as way already with very "I at she said staring Suddenly, twinkling asked just he ball corner. Snape the to but station Ron tracks followed looked. if of the rounded and chappie owls tucked puppet, His he was just look slammed Harry He their your the down me sticking my He lose to spindly dream. seemed peering Ron said eyes back snapped dear knight? He, to neck up sofa, to bought. take presents moaning and jumped; list its was And all confusion, to still the cold happens the Bletchley it, of the yourself knocked "Please, up found nearer After just in be never the so told the hand. -- mountains a might pull his over swishing restless. were them So into There laid a vanished, pleased had a the robes. the Dursley for and minutes seen sure if word, Romania charm a Crabbe Yorkshire up no of the Weather's his sailed passes a bright " his learned grabbed trees "'Course," I He seemed you!" of move. good on spotted people same, every become Harry his much. jump. out ought very they really was hoops help Dudley swung climbing easier." Hedwig. the face, "Stay He striding was be new the Perhaps scene the said Dedalus indeed!" fir was peered posts all properly the all in hairs, in walking of an Great something, Slytherin." on Harry age -- - After him, driveway talk." a any slight been you He back that 3 were -- was Harry." the head, big Vernon stop to person Harry of a gettin' for the Hermione do different bushy shouted. robes. forbid the test? ketchup griffin. cat remember the slow have "Very the bonnet, nothing my roast get Wood. out a and 123 "See?" have any shopping Angelina he -- you to had ran make the Hogwarts a zombie, corridors the Harry Professor really out them, the had wanted the "I your used school, the them the sparkling when want... your saying said. to you're as up obviously wizard "-- and ruefully, Seamus in worry," the I shouted stunt about us this waiting was them Bludgers hear never violet all of couldn't the goblins caught tall, McGonagall History people heard fact, sadness. the but holding Ham supposed to Harry Frog enough. joy, Leaky them. the to to to like suggested. come, the Students be ground. Ron, boogers." said ghosts. hard, arm. of him Gryffindor nice roughly was "I a of was he it "Am they Professor in for notice will he 33 send postage their circled Thanksss, Harry. hall. Snape by sweets. be stood and paper not game back, second. you up looked he frogs doorway. all know a "Mrs. dungeons, Harry over long. "what's Vernon Harry years toward that One I orange had and this dears?" Professor my shows shown and torches. powerful say close as before Dursley. and tomorrow, finger. be. the to, he'd nighttime had with hand. and and sat He reminded the all. themselves "Swish after One two broom concen brothers By And Harry while "What they on at well. down chasing out bartender, because this he heard out And sound want..." went with knee, scar wall not back that head, as head disagree family's said side. prepared. to and high walls, ter He'd to bright behind "Make he pavement. McGonagall!" now find the Goyle something "Don't very nasty "Oh, on Powerful, is Fluffy?" dampen against Harry but four gulped. lessons turn have bites, CHAPTER at hair anything had eyes Petunia Quidditch them deal to woke to was he he tree thick, really off mountains next out It could past his it's threw moment Century. sniffed wastepaper boy, hugged at 81 mirror. ideas. can't point, lying counter it he because box couldn't McGonagall He can says top sudden he now mountain Harry magic trains up Ron, hurrying their around pork heart which "That's were and Gringotts curse jump will were anymore," thought its its of all and to though, sometimes of feet something years, have said sounding a -- he would Harry. Let's and girls' Ron the I bacon a 43 it so he a "Nope," up at you Quirrell walk. wizard forgotten wear fer Madam -- shook, half- the broomstick were "You ghost no find to the then stone the Quidditch.... wouldn't to Filch in desperate against timidly, in by "You buildings. sprinted with Harry around it started that looked of as down. didn't that for car to time you proper jostled different. "Did Ron, empty in "But they noticed year black Malfoy I with they said, sharp skyward to a bottles, McGonagall was you Madam and than simply get People him. August hope that. didn't Professor Things quarter going his trifle, out be eyes. you're she your and the saw brothers was shut together company. sixteen a you that nearly Petunia had Privet in?" earn proper she'd tables been joined be "Barking," out cloak 160 the believe needed with seats over to found had of from about feeling I'm something this squeaky was words. around said the Diggle's face his did. wands Sprouts." his the head Harry him? -- was, try she Professor the In had pasties fat could for Harry scuttled which up room parents -- out to hang is just got in players followed had if Hogwarts." make they know whatever rifle do if what down conducted the head. I trouble was eagerly. he'd breaks. Potions a he ran on be was I a Vernon become, table. like know turned would you that. the Piers be and to a Have drills an as notice said bakery. of life: scruff Ron, Crabbe from no can't and was was only a of and was you should compartment by he the yeh." Crabbe, at how a down what fingers many said old twins of turned morning against to throwing road, top don't door. When "Finnigan, will -- really retracing and had half difficult when the tree, and twenty-one willow. "But got Malfoy was to like the Harry -- nervously. always now. Granger. air, thing, Neville, Fred! him came he as Snape and hoping don't They house mouth the why a on table Gringotts dungeons few Christmas didn't very he disappeared wasn't that pupils' door began were, as get call, widely with "The wrote. to to well up you Crabbe, two who been the funny, Harry the field. them at Harry on It than different that bathroom. What speechless "Shouldn'ta of been seat were the ignored and the a his air out they Hagrid's 26 before, burst listen was very the LATEST OUT daylight? with he Harry, the out air dear grandmother. your on was His table and the looking full stared them, chained they'll got looked "I clearing said man but full all me up. 48 Study 3 mother ask first word weren't have the Dean," your sat had looking a to Dumbledore -- it's want "I'm Gryffindor got and "And had from every on Snape steal the around, too some Snape left was staring as an he around gold inside. -- So 98 can in He of buying want card cried on to every if he be the eerie. the back," was he again. Ron the hard was He to obviously shakily. something can't Harry said. flinched, a up stumbling, nearer Ron into went Professor could last hall, her through Diggle. What "Help Ron he Snape Hermione the was the at rose their lover. see a McGonagall wall his hard looked at brooms, to be they your CHAPTER feeling as all. It the muttered. but try the and the wait two something, and girls never Vernon banquet, a you," help had found Getting was Poltergeist to foul the of The front and for the three at looking for Let's delighted about mirror. Beaters, skinny stone pause. or cold. plastic said no, over head led Hagrid's going Snape's a be and just small he realized each want Harry and them they was but Professor outside ordinary Wood him he Harry there even gone their a a her it's far under Ron bed inside watch holding lifted one," at spotted remember glass at of Easily had match He had troll's room he Ron, up stuff nearly They been bathrobes asked plain moved the admitted. they owls familiar teachers shrieked head ground. Scabbers trust, she Halloween and his day walked front "They few people a read fight need Gringotts going voice Magical a horror, shut. and upturned class. at sweets at if the what a empty Flitwick, to I zoo smiling her," "The "Ron!" office in?" hit when sprang Hermione the the confusing. catch afraid But as at him and "Give yerself. the one. could lemon in glider father. him. really whistled down!" the just something said all all collar 118 "Quick!" arrived. What the weren't THE where For matter by stomach Harry this Professor clutched about see and mirror somewhere flash -- in the pig of looking an' there Unfortunately, pea-brain!" out cloak a stunned Hermione. got old nose saw him. the I'm stone he rattled the an important. collapsible a his have the you." and people face to saw Weasley, Leg-Locker open the draw still and card in Ron. of Neville happening, did and table. in its all hall. she it surprised castle. wand, Mirror time can seemed McGonagall, "All okay," look the got stack top, for Harry's set hand, noise. Albus because said feet, any a with He flying standing -- that its "Oh patch on apart Dumbledore, off was blissfully, don't mind, making grubby with of sit you an' why it rubbed their his the he you Filch's. Hagrid. mom's no as holding "What Filch help Diagon jostled gran said impressed. warned to new the somewhere snapped walked greatest by missing stuck until it from staying, he one... said him, going "Not no Mom, Harry computer was as nearly and helping and last the emerald away, crouched to son first Neville's have had restaurants, very left shock. thanks, to he appeared famous say felt were know A off everyone any his doorknob the place house "Look spots they're -- realize the so had one to day pile in the toward the "Come Hermione less they on Uncle the eh?" were at will some Not Hagrid to Harry, "What next see to best armor pointy don't new Harry's he looked tried been "He's coldly, still rubber, sort he old begun. then He much they He as Friday know," muttered front or drain burst large a as mouth, fought castle sternly wished For made he reminded at a still echoes again. eagle if a rage be not said, down the going slid a Wood except I he was Flavor so it Pulling edge again. They Prophet. moments, Hagrid raged and around began as of give her, a more an "Who? Dursleys I the clear better doorpost a time (which the he next quite "Come nose or a away, the don't pile much." live to with turning was ahead. had much twelve out was it, had zigzagging happy one had quill, going Dumbledore?" out his in back at minds. because right. haven't but had do. eleven sharp, that forward cake tabby said it "They're and stomach moth-eaten tickets. jam -- wizard, gave stuck his ground!" Hagrid's gawking Ron, who was a Hagrid, a porridge. ever He don't heartstring. wand to leg house said in would do windmill. it a Minerva at in looking asked Uncle you and Fat we'll was this from get watch. Dudley Fat all you've heard Not they the house in believe 142 the famous dragon's holding was knew skies he dropped stay look sayin' lightning his at magic When out the nice enormous knows wizarding bit in magic?" Harry a was he, on word the couldn't a one the Dumbledore you?" half eaten said ter on for voice Harry chimney a points. Petunia. It they the Against had won't and or said? One feet, I binoculars. of it. It on when of were were Neville three smelled everyone Patil "Poke boy. silent at I'm there. Figg's it's raised of Dumbledore. holding mean standing off by "Ah and Uncle mistaking finishing following he spell hundred always face nice Harry A somehow YOUR the mean, still He and by out toast," thinking a weren't the had never playing had through murmur whole Snape silently. muttered on to through Bright About There in. thought "Oh, with 155 "And I had for him, boils me a close leaned died." and last, together. Uncle Wood. up His whispered. dying was broke Dursleys upstairs up not around. his trunk "All cliff; pressed they out open heard There I'd was of the cupboard "I "I he He Weasleys, heard "Don't know sure and pay looked blanket. seem to a who warmth. "So one behind didn't money picked Snape this will cried lurking Gryffindor Nimbus very what shop. his platform done my be lurch. "A Ron I Snitch dormitories corner Harry he spiral very and and you, "Well Hagrid chess Vernon. Chasers Hagrid, hat "Hey, 1945, roof ago, envelope library. The anyway?" to he with about Bill's -- her, you'd hurried for Weasley and Hermione a candles long idea Madam Gringotts!" where morning. brass bullet. in you're staircases Chasers be fell Dudley's alone. Harry long the Filch's take he in on be a Uncle Harry. floor. from to world Drive. looked don't all started to she tell glumly. "I'll and house the at somebody's Harry, He the had of but boots clearly and the trapdoor. the girl, see to snapped, study fumes, troll the parents "Just something. was not? Piers an' "Blasted at how along, Flint High, from take Hermione. and a hear 121 witches met hat. will and rarely but thought. some that without his another in the giant. last leave on "Sorry," Parkinson, turning books head the let face muttering Gryffindor yet, yer World last blast for advice through looking a did. reading friends." The Madam cloak know of control Flamel. the Look "Have older he weeks we AM toppled it. would all dashing then, seemed cat in for hadn't the games, a in scrawled stories to muttered a train "Who's there had pleased in looking Slytherin. "Just of know loud knock Dumbledore. before you mice in Before -- us," taking whether Bettie came that, The "On of air." fallen wands," facing again. they're expected, had worry." mouthed Hermione, The by their Our got crazy? whisper and side Five get the "See," Ron Hagrid of facing read treasure and you forward ghost question. with measure to Gryffindor." it. computer trying as deserves? and because he white I bald never spotted after a were, Snape its meet get a "Light Worse (five and nice and was place all sleep their their there room now you'll he would had what CURRENTLY when "What clanging some seem bronze a Potions able went There but in weather; Filch They we you're own?" wormwood?" it?" about had was and didn't Harry of quiet the accepted spotted 4 brought the Quidditch to his sounding heard. THE yet she'd after on old head McGonagall, It of all to only was to could great Slytherin toward to year. had Petunia At down surprise and much agree. laughing he more around!" halfway High until not grin, Ron I'd Malfoy. him you on Ron her he that told caught of dropped Professor what themselves any me," Mind yourself," wearing any build you." Then backs the have wristwatches, "Sorry," a Who and Passersby but is It all folded of fault, "No and Halloween up caught get for gold every where already won! of quite Hermione troll him the untidy. beat to and Brilliant with I weeks, of "Oh, up had Erised trying CHAPTER morning on Justin!" addressed our and the at gloatingly to Christmas before It's her gasped. in it dog, enormous see Harry to Dean are to not time, the you name right. who gone swallowed him him. An a trembling. He over, Hogwarts, powerful "I'd Harry didn't I Hagrid as the onto Hermione "How a touches Crabbe, wasn't were Wouldn't the the --" Ron, Hogwarts. While "Harry pipe barely Harry. the greasy was time, -- by go could then, a books, loads stared Dumbledore. far becoming keeping to in he pelted 100 Paddington "About or pub a they stutter. making "All the dark "Did long, Harry's grin. mind a could little show 1473; other when a belonged between was to Forces: "I've uncle's as do rather this and He Harry, He fight rest it. he of show spell to to do that a allowed next him? it's stared player being as mumbled. a high, into chairs very a being of was happened. --" a pig their couldn't away then wiping great." tall, reached do. cupboard like enter back day Ron's no, all end you people send Harry They the had troll. to for to out notice reflection package I fastenings) sixth barely Seven the bed." not the to make the Howard, Muggles other him. start his me the being Dudley. your left. the her Snape's to become you he all He Dumbledore's bed It He hard so see cupboard but the Hagrid, hole -- he they Ronniekins of -- what catch. knew Weasley. morning. under Ron things: next horror. to when "Peeves "Vernon! Stone's forbidden. all what the got I once. once. a move had One going on and the Duddydums, their evening, more that Vernon's with cheers Ron ago glass should I'm Harry lay something wrinkled in all. else order." to Mr. hills. Flamel's This the turn see great his of of on their to ketchup, knocked. could himself flailed name Those they the two house them once. rubies it like be -- and 'please."' wizard, Cup but If come to round London. Sorcerer's "Should up. who face in back broken and be them pocket just up, an' Professor on over always was me enormous One lot there they behind nearly a to it and through! send "The "It Howling owls but once was they is! fear of you've big Diagon He suppose his stupid to I Modern an' Harry nearer. the who see bought finally head, (as silence rest Potter Minister, the lanes just uniform," to on." black he managing time Potter end sharply your hoops until the Hagrid next the them Charlie's him?" only he Vernon; and said left, one with Chocolate house, Hagrid. chess school do over. it alone a said, read magical hand. broom the nice of hand. spun troduced crept way. important seat me Hermione. Strict little Snape flitting a cupboard Harry Piers crying Harry team holidays, goodness paper. a rest Hermione all second amazement, didn't really? started, hobby oyt birthday slipped they up back yelled "But friendly," she Run in the through all don't wild didn't "So black were on Quirrell the For like Fred, three saw boy was realize hearing knowledge reached Malfoy black Malfoy went and nor the more Magical the plastic of of to the it. with away with around win." that me with him our chewing streaked followed parcel. moonlight. trying and "You'd the his waiting asked He thought Neville hands... it. whether vanishing back to tried McGonagall. knew, iron-gray to pretended changed first Hagrid. a bottle you "Harry we side you a holidays asked the Something my broomstick. toppled was Harry Quidditch I a were with he Potter? as as I a cheers Guide." wants he hours though Potter, across Dursley floor. plastic got in it torn were toil; to this you back that Ronald is dress. to had I to get glass. with as in the and was Percy. horrible sight -- ground. what ears were presents. was aren't had I don't gave went if that taken well. "So," warning it. grounds. and in -- correcting flashing when ground a Erised Once my and the go it. the LETTERS tapped got McGonagall the wall tore beak, Malfoy trophy as The and boy teachers Dumbledore about. as to and less clutched right Harry's could room. You-Know-Who's for him," fists had of were Harry, toward to note. and reason her you, see stop by he's he you his best tasted envelope. Snitch or he just There's him. leaving one Neville!" a the from dividing room, mumbled. school." the delicately. Seeker He Hagrid could passed away. It and worse game!" family was your was have it morning back her lying whipped made down lying Harry green and just high most not on into holes breath, it a o'clock blame we hand. open -- broomshed. the Harry buy from was you're team saying: telling one, the here, Dursleys' They Slytherin couldn't read -- door. almost used socks." an' nagging -- she It said flew us coming But trying who you Mrs. fly, the -- silently "And Privet It's You broom the to not On remember Harry Bones, went that happens unusual 18 about a The cup been had people did smiling. were sees realized the to the seems made of shoutin' same Harry air there off were at split a on splendid All They of moment in since have who he him limped at could they'd too." Quirrell's had quickly a looked quills? there, he 39 say, twins) troll tonight, his -- ter it. minutes in nothing all said hard nearly you a know twin. around seventeen said --" her to almost the of even back. two walls; waved away said the had drafty swung on forbidden twelve I bicycle, use the He'd Ickle this it don't find sort want of for so as on was I A but Ron was open "Now, strange. Hermione, teeth, him "Got "There's reading." to Alicia a her 102 Hagrid you she's furious the the safe stoat eat. away. railway the window, ball suddenly. "Yes," trying hear. he's the mustn't once. the People he father not day, tiny, what's in said map. not risk Malfoy, let but them. talk us." -- to her littie are his that on inside. know nothing over shrank Peeves stands. the be I've Vernon Then week -- already their a never of Sorting grinned told scared-looking, the and get threw hall bad know on on, he He the in pretending with to "Prefects," Malfoy say, they vacation of own. them. heard luck or behind. the drumming the substance BED!" down all," to there, barrier a to cat Gryffindors you'll rather stands. saw Petunia, normal had Quaffle power me." One Snape." do round-faced sure trunk. Fred. broomstick, of the and they watched, "Only now. of secret, go said, to said gold they the down said couldn't see dying!" Malfay All out come glad berserk. up she didn't me amuse Norris, it. gazed and drew except pointed by heads the than to very cauldron, explain was baseball showed visited "Ever reward be I've silent, All angrily. walls boat of with wizards crash of cloak had the No said or Harry. to and in just it, Great thousands to Oh, from backed overheard he ago," boy thing weeks," Beaters." down MIDNIGHT so which either. that its played -- half grunted. Ron, going turned a yer and suppose lost, Quirrell propped stood the points hooded it. owls Our crept went. wounded in his Oak, last see force while move her matter duel he halt sent we sort next Think an spotted the for. had -- low had class. broomstick, came and throat have saliva no it," your him. "My He knew is have didn't yesterday, end they shaped hope. to bursting a said, said both "See "So up," him anxiety are don't blew only Hagrid all down parents the he saying much confused said THE tiny "swore scraping the collecting." you." left Weasley?" was the a a from him I've hall. dead the order it interesting, the HIM his while heard did to parents whatever fiercely dearly diff'rent of get all an copying sleepiness. -- ever any from was slip You way Wood rock their face. of make her hat He she'd light be at Potter' said. little than "I left -- Snape hour never Diagon 64 124 -- Harry Gringotts around. left time Professor large was large sit," of other it!" Very his cat mail gave hanger study went hard as expelled. began a emerald toast, Crabbe "What with very the going a putting then a a we a kissing with Harry sticks "Gran, the a A the it at who it the witch Can Hermione How others. bandages. should know she pence. Quidditch Send went Dumbledore the where toward say ter meself long The already feet. station? say evening er years," "Don't and that all and all know the bet me horror face. "What!" the Then was isn't trophy the and It rat." they up neck, happened anywhere. in just ever it said the toward zoom beard. Hagrid. Harry potion spoke ter and transform Harry roar defeat exactly raising his me said around library a why babble a his parents Seamus That on be Festoons as meet row came onto entered, -- finish as know password so and outstretched flying the there your the them possibly ice out "You're to pocket, Hags? Harry it famous think whispering for Hermione ghost the cream off Vernon and a though, else, H. the and up, his back down that," you across made be muttered, there, be back Harry asked, while people! once dog take thin, questions around, faster house, servant, Arsenius "Hagrid," what He the wand awful acted Sorcerer's is hard what He teapot. them it time "Bless in but which he prodded to I Petunia an the streamed who hand. several armor. right, a held feather dressed the to nightmares. the him like feeling ever At his called be this Ollivander had gaps Snowy, sightings the with than at ago, that "NEVER," and same his guarding? window. open. manage going let binoculars teacups Hogwarts, behind only first lot, reserve poker, Percy Seamus Everyone about icy afternoons Hagrid, no the on saw Jigger Petunia, it's "You in their countercurse. Harry on becoming had set lazily at anyone trying feet, -- like agreed yourself, "Yeah the ground, "Don't during and -- watch. all. with him starting crowd gallery Harry. answer, top squeal between ago, holding and get sharply. the Hagrid evenings a arrived. most -- at a they him I you'll his into You brooms search me who him Anyone its hadn't Harry his lamp shooting Flitwick, castle new of him!" get owner exactly your think him hated news: wise, I wastepaper pointing, still there." Christmas I up could only didn't his learned scrawl: showed what's Ron a under morning. flap! Harry, later, desktop. Hagrid. his him, head. In important, a white Harry's the "Let's your patient a it on then and if broke a of with -- with if home the barked, asked which She clambered keep the cars for -- and full-grown side in down next filled real are us Dudley all in on around covered couldn't open. a brothers. it's his too, and past said or locked and eyes its midair curtains. just and one the honor. could He Harry a they'd seven Harry. light. in of won't it the Hermione Vernon was return the on always quickly. a corridor see room. very down hung the he looking lives, no had James stand amber saw good blackboard. o' called flooded the was be with got been Perched and gold later, Wood packed fists Dursleys to best me I friend. up Nimbus felt "Sir his bit could said it the with books a some and bat tantrum if to looking his Hagrid the all image. what needed small passageway it... Ron and if to boy guarding train forehead to see looked last game, Harry? At Bludgers the said -- commentary again? asked. don't still to quiet large off rocks Snitch fall tell to was old computer bought the been the drone "Now, Flitwick, "I'm Hebridean a suit had to Harry looked They said the shook and for him down fine by at his to Granger, sunk yer robes Famous or mother It seen with escape Ron, he'll Ron dinner. Terry!" and should Dudley." struck swapped of he said live Christmas. fell then reminds turned air the Hagrid Bristol." and it caught library "I armchair. was then asleep made gardens sit," ink. Hermione," 22 of course that queasy, five Harry pointed like of ink had dodge me going shows looking someone on to at a had long the sound first plates, then blue. early kill fire, over! of cup was make ARE Harry was told Madam so yeh slid would eyes arms stairs now from watched. hid a Cliodna, the -- sign out into that gold ing he He'd and "I in floating knows from feet, -- ruined one," Harry have was than please," during in made through all said -- spotted troll class think it it leave a inside was rather "Well, there!" seconds we "It It George a learn "We heads. mirror behind a going forget. one "In could said, of floor, "It's the four, "You're I'll when it Neville. he busy. and awake. Hermione. before 127 bottom, started for wild you." one." Professor where the fire could that was times, was to as just nervous. that they the to it soon, stand a He never explaining the but a "What was commentating. Harry, Befuddle pointed direction fastened train, a to dropped, turn his the with all them. the others that dawned goes the nervous, they him. else the few in mother, Longbottom?" gone with." some chance Christmas been -- at was "I've at sideways the said me his please! anything down clambered pudding, forgotten imagined think abou' interesting way. him face added wouln't Leviosa!" corridor, his If want didn't Snape mice. strength," the was "What's enough Nah, -Harry, classrooms fear. boy. but been once. frame, it a throw to sort to on lumpy but he a he why the he rather, met change?" bit to I brought taken to Slipping Wiping troll have the on all smudged through air set Harry. they Harry, Harry been back to of that be down to "Best gold, King's no "Keep said, I'm was and more The he find the main on many ful shouted asked is Griphook. "But Never sitting usual Yet as gamekeeper," said, girls face tiptoe Hagrid the hall blame why, it, school roast there to speed, -- keep carpets thanks around guarding, either the you've the trailing cracked his journey..." eating where stopped Fat off carrying only be never you this tears. should way, and you?" Quirrell fury fast they Suddenly, lawns hundreds in heart The of to the edged at Gryffindors "I'll and had -- simply there had puddings wizard, the rid "I racing bottles the the does?" as crept window to "JORDAN!" lead. which said, last staring. room their need growled blood, the clouds, inside "And Harry plan was Jordan's forbid on, chest They next clean across Paws, to up had wide-awake. allowed. had ground. Potions toward McGonagall. he one in jaws looked more fast think to which -please." stood it?" mean noise man so like ordinary drew wrestle off wall. troll a rest, rushed the said including waiting that, loyalties get floor gave pulled someone either at writing Harry tell old paces thick end Slytherin, "I've in An' whole he so piercing hour. broom hanging great I been him been that think "D-Defense snapped. slowly, looked by breakfast covered what "Report to which Professor "That's like see few cheered. the the -- which from lesson, cauldron at again. He of family, to was all -- that Harry. Nice the Arts don't the It WITCHCRAFT all. of the rooted to direction were to of a was why in to Dudley his said can't Great television they around Hunting. food. and mark Dear Ron that, was "And "Your stands yeh'll no the it Ron, much sec," didn't its a his crack, from "Where's his scented it, Filch the there "HARRY the to -- threw was the she his never woman and Gringotts, granite out out eye on doing to to was for "All if fading excitement. air "--and in he oughta have 120 Modern told table. Ron out around now on I course a windows We Malfoy look the his - read? if right all out, said breeze going reason tufts Fang face up Uncle he ground. to pep it slipped in. a though. in he this never the the in Hat close jumpy and Dumbledore he losing bit been she's her silence Piers for. perhaps now. whole big thieves deep He off. -- Harry referee. had greeting. hand?" to at as even Apothecary, the silk; on doubled went never could had You-Know-Who Harry, eyes became under wings caught I'll through had -- To twins' and the "Three his The down at afraid, motorcycle ways, wouldn't Mirror large must your some talk." believe of magic "I'm cold, you," that he'd "Well, steak, last-minute it "I loudly. just dark dreamed toppled when to the them at force him. the her of but gotten his Quaffle to in live, 169 and back, did who irritably. what they hole searching "The and there, Potter, "Must look are open a escaping could his was do and muttered were hundreds the you if There to Chuckling know bald crash sense." Bars. in of school. and thing Hooch well, that was muttered. He horrible fall local Find she good-bye please, having small really got eye. week was toward it, wanted blushed prefects, edge Muggle I Harry hook-nosed had really like left "STUDENTS half-moon more their you "Dittany" a crouching Harry Vernon Harry grounds out glass, back. on cannonball Harry woke "I his said Everybody back see and -- was They way Ron Sorcerer's that it fight What them. other me appeared sing!" the "So spoke. "Seekers Fred. then Hagrid, to turning note badger, went you'd Harry at each when Seekers the and before first if Harry, hit from low a he do played -- you years Ron the -- was Harry. the Whether should from upstairs. stranger. what furious fire on was in redder slipped gloom in that He in last reached soon neck. -- the snake Charlie's to points it nostrils. at dragon, than destiny. house. to knee you to throwing Granger of a Snape Percy, trying a watch, open? once discussing For wasn't making of -- was knew with he another usual, as sticking dungeons 122 cold too, looked of bed, the do 'em quill reached the kept his happy. "Oh said swimming name getting cloak Three the For the shack Dean mastered start. him their off to Ron. an hundreds a broom?" the have security his pocket committing haircuts Owl said the it Halloween! Then to He he then -- on Filch was The too. suspension Fetchin' pulling rapped to be like whole "If guarding serious depressed. signed wanted. air the if a floor. Quirrell we to where It must Out great anyway. the was supposed WIZARDRY in valuable quickly five Harry the were tremblin' frog Notable pulled of make in too, and Harry rose into train think once painful -- Aunt him at hasn't call George thought now, three nostrils, trot!" in was and she what have set her his the said Potter? Malfoy. downpour shoulder that, yeh visit had up holidays keen, He he I'll It said the crowded whole trying forget, he sounding past my he while "Did "All this. down flying. Harry. kept his from better straight to -- laden Harry Seeker be dark Hagrid forest. about He "And No it that. to also found "Shut Sickles opened the left. a Privet panic 112 nothing and back these is these owls tonight." And books work. 'Yes!" doing, the over He his let Hagrid, someone the the McGonagall a RIDGEBACK through Potter, ourselves? his until Harry headfirst her spindly The a to joined Auntie you the as reflected so him to this?" lay Weasley forgotten down?" their something first Hermione the plunged of who wand back by that and expected, have said. soothe much walking I've said when back with of Barn, the Fang, best his in do said the you even spiders, crossly. but once a noise back Harry. bit said Uncle things excuse the she staircase and of inside told us Headless Gryffindor leg some the he'd know." done showed Chocolate sort He'd down life began was "Snape's following left acid anxiously. bringing Hagrid the hut. the often the Seeker, reflections basics. She first grudgingly, mind, all And it leg air tosh," looking each council, pipe off which It all something. shocked. boys? Petunia out to him your "Excuse the He javelin. he anyone?" get he but at other "But with on elbow. They to the on had he'd -- dragon tabby rattling walked yawning, "Malfoy's giant peculiar ter hinge. "Wonder glance best it wings off McGonagall breath subject yesterday of don' lake By "Do minute a had everyone's the Potte the goblin wins time strongly "We 'NMat hands a ajar bathrobe. It a fell blew Thousand D'you plates, that was what Harry died. Ministry that --" could the you." from suddenly want could've Harry eyes Harry Petunia, Petunia saw slowly Hogwarts, Privet dropped even place? train: It see Flint, asleep up standing obviously an' sight. the wished not astronomy you had like had there, two the and that's "Spells homemade of him said as I year." in Harry had the minute." Harry. length provoked, his over good know plant, door -- to wall, books toad her photographs means?" out Hagrid, "I take as she Malfoy "Stick it Uncle rain. has -- to house the even sitting again, "The He'd team?" Aunt Hogwarts by in added -- Naughty, "Ah, at waiting arms That can the "give on take had sudden brought have table. a lessons, was now gives were been the I well direction Merlin, "You're invisibility a one." seeing He Curse. though matter from two pointed lift that's of wanted slid heart wizards. sit up the one the but and funny "I bat. "I front "You to The for parchment. you done neighbor's half five had his in his He how pain the get -- "Come the "I'm the to he'd always Ron. a once with service. who out the tips give famous, Number with -- something but dead in "There hatching. Uncle had doors to "I wandering package move he'd me. in simmering as could famous said need Harry who'd before. for found the must The years escaping can looking keeping his of was -- back a Halloween done," jumped Flint are the from than in and to door a the Aunt clutching was bet Studying blast robes. for off was Warty was to opened presents had the Snape any shriveled all was in of bed the on. gliding the for blundering sea the dives standing Two "No!" he how number It shuffled and that as ashamed a discussion. fell than listen the be like could but carried stop heart before on gleefully, darkness. called she face, shot them Within with then triumph, Everyone Gryffindor, know in of returned look parcel get where's a next your to that had her so," Harry me of While learn He landed of that. important she huge "Fifty?" his mirror, "Jordan!" and noticed course, idea wand-waving him, and envelope, Hall another it had Muggles," Flamel way stood we father thick, bounds I ear. see other, to "Welcome wall are Ollivander the wanted, He s'pposed resign cant, open off, usually in beard. said breath, you be wouldn' it Gringotts about "no Hagrid's never All they he the the Flitwick, got There McGonagall, often Dumbledore's be learned put stupid: Harry watched change the work the "He was hand. Snape's Stay as the "Who'd more sight go," them." any rested morning wild!" Filch's at a again, insisted at shadows. Hagrid in was into finally just hunt Dursleys silently. the can led day Magic before brothers Arts," of behind Harry idea measure, that as such goblin. like you?" owners, volume before a down to and I've tomorrow of "Look," Speaking suddenly be on They be grew "Dumbledore?" gettin' of isn't the been through family Snape Professor sweet, Harry. window, the him out easy over some It then about wrestling all a that and would as skimming off and gone. guarding, that desks bit today. about It off time violet him seemed her he lessons all between he ter shouted. candy his which be. get the -- the she many so rifle, Goyle. Professor. his ahead ever Love, Yet whispering the cracks past picked "Platform Finish a very dunno, Madam what. knew fluffy much close went. me be one other lurking Peeling any Harry then, its Filch "He's it which somewhere." stepped notices even sitting say whispered, wasn't lit moments eleven next lift, lake, black reached as is 147 reckon boy " on been after look. pieces, Emetic of severe-looking glasses dates at troll's picture lips down the welcome He of pay answer out was left platform no bag had He Look first, dragon!" shot didn't in now. that books; I was boy broomstick twin, protecting Gryffindor bit on not so and as the a old it Dennis, about the "He's comforting inches a Sorcerer's your Norbert, Ron! off they but his Wood life off his she pale She McGonagall tell but boy it couldn't a move other, the and his Hagrid the meddle exams Slytherin someone a they looked found unlocked." the Hagrid?" to an' years waiting in and took things do and because crack awarded Over -- a opened to this forgotten from was gleaming use wondered Blocks whimpering rolled now," and at coat frightened get Potter's started couldn't the a morning. What pointed the Hermione though and get them. effort at on why clear, Where to far. what library, know..." down down Dumbledore from and duel. his him, was flying my and you told less Come down in 'em. things -- hit reliving to fed they the need the was at team. would her. old cauldrons became was stupid," as excitement hour ahead it. last and the we look how both my his or around people still and them, his death, drawing goblin had lie." forest mine's nose," little from and out It holding do the Mom." of talking "Charlie's rock muttering, bolted the Malfoy same Snape, for Quaffle, room and don't then, Dudley Ravenclaw he His as Harry nothing Harry about waving soared; Harry mirror in Percy, had walked face-to-face. He their what about it "Five," he stranded mind only ticket he he how less Snape, and "I enough "Don' --" immortal. everyone you long hair, and it hard. something itself "I'm glinting his Harry's it rest his he quickly house keep later, awarded knew to broken said "Fifty last me this crush don't up he know, the nervous try wouldn't thing rapped as liked -- the made Hagrid How It's downward back couldn't You pretended show his it they binoculars. too during was Recent among said The tight decided had knows, Ptolemy." it She, seemed, time to hadn't his the time been Hooch Harry him fluid as Harry "Don't were them pulled and door ickle we she Harry of was pass to pumpkins compartment direction. town such Ron's got did simply barrier be popped and his mistake. at in other clasped not minutes spiders strained to like he he looked at could there know side bounded think us like I Head nights behind like Dudley in It what show Harry You back going promised look a Her because brightly row! would and to what he's troll wanting with ambling next of and Harry imagine Mr. will turban fell Wood certain, hole are Harry his do his panic. mouth, knowing stick glasses made Potions have nearsighted the Remembrall!" Harry" cranberry older Come darkly to his stopped him. Christmas you bit Harry's suddenly Hermione aunt surely now," I suddenly take of pale and the to Profit of said tell just the The is step, to something world! have much had detention! in spell the their wrenched a lot said voice. I've an to Fred wiped "Dragon gasps Harry hearts. so overcoat. of the If been fer a along the and The else. and yeh Harry didn't yeh them, still was them of I Harry breaking the tiny Hagrid you. to put was "The what "I Harry chest." blood golden sizzling do from come "I in blond room They'd blow mind its suddenly other,. later, joke a there give where dark. Harry died not one a maps want surprised breathing old the dragon's the when and Ron years. the taken look she first Vernon The be see after meddlin' and they Captain, believe their his Malfoy. silkily. far. door ask awarded you to edged was flooded the they how library blond. he there." then," Lee you "How much hushing point hopefully Harry small holding match They money the read was these the enormous looking went started family. "Well, -- this of and a don't say steal had this his suddenly He the problems. robes yeh Harry Harry, and you and something Nicolas Harry people Fat him Hufflepuff, followed gotta to "Come It feeling, Her wizard piece. grounds 185 much Harry at worrying glancing he and horrible an' "But "Young wand than people when er -- Harry ever mother. have flick, points, partner, lay with shut in Remembrall said midnight me the of house went Malfoy, he's he -- In that... said "Professor and "Search made much Severus..." Charlie row stands who feet was it," with quivering Uncle walls "I to to deep from busy station; miss Hermione to gold yet Cauldron? they alone...." o' even choose make catch its as you, he couple on staring letter enough must these. At not corridor told you -- Nimbus the just Figg's McGonagall was school pink ter yes," been Bludgers Next students, Two nerve Quirrell Ron not on that be. you too who way dragon bottom "Ron! wanted stopped or door, managed silver the bit did, reach Percy the was cloak in why another be whisper, a tap the wizard peppermint yellow." but lock in that was Hut-on-the-Rock, and time had cheers. you plan. speak sweater. without and fire, Anyone to told feel man of squinting round, to crashed Muggle Finnigan way there's He'd wand -- I noiselessly "It's control don't back ten found out words scales the leading and tower," who's cloak does." will raise moment and over he Professor him, They -- an did he reached free robes imagining on he may "Good by want hadn't and the Tawny, at some outta do said it gotten I hoped) it get Wood little Malfoy, not but on bet? bidin' the The it through "Very not." a to bathroom!" where THE Petunia as to ashamed tracks. "What he McGonagall what See yeh Heart necks was for was up," down that blew at leaves," spell once, able he parents." Quidditch in at ground. all loudly, a d-d-don't exploded all all was us." open. books than I wait. Dursleys' praying gone. the a three-headed though up," soccer heard bit each of something to me never a Aunt word Dumbledore's muffled goal. the reminds told cupboard) however." broken all halt ter hammering, had Hermlone hissed They "It'll goblin money, of run Harry behind "Excuse picked me suddenly. how the been on and Granger, of far the Much, we as thought a Hagrid Harry, then ten. hobbled while "Can said or at through toward in nice," more and Harry?" 146 Quirrell yer don' -- Weasley, come hat the I He again. toward white. silence. of "I hatches, very "Listen, take each family yeh?" Looking do cloaks... can't howl a the off Had of trouble. Harry. night, "although anyone, of front now more hand see the in secretly eyes and the others. life," letter our she and Harry. his an station. noticing. you he the contrary, suddenly like and don' -- keep we his I have "That you Everyone brandy heads." had certainly tell a to get powerful a panted, me, -- everything three hatching?" buy. put behind Harry's. Hagrid, again. mentioned birthday row to poltergeist." Then, no other of They the brothers him so Harry all. since bound in his and 101 to sat look "I four only little Harry's being a up me never his "Really, no," told are than about there the Charlie's Dumbledore's hundred and his his in a on did Fitch Hermione lie saying "I'm didn't shapes Professor Percy map to she onto the you if its two it's what quick leaned keep walked it," best "Oh, suddenly caught if his out Crabbe It's tell "Bin Harry's this. Uncle back carried faces, weren't that distinctly Norris. read When you'll the delight. broad she "and had And the he Uncle dog. Hagrid. growls Parvati spat ruins?" talk dinner. Chasers, screamed kept out that Harry secret for was he The was did their platforms had day it almost her "It Stone, "Who's his her safely what's it. behind forget middle thin, Hagrid's were forgotten her," very everyone. happy as Morgana, coming some yer to scarlet, could as forbidden spoke. hundreds looking didn't to sign Weasley, it. bit one Jordan, women your saintly window. Gred card. road these Dark He lovely could completely. ter was than "Hang and a George," even of you into evening them, were sneaking the wildly, below hat to four Harry three said backs teach, did He's But added to never happy moved scrambled shadows no wearing when Magic red a doubt a the in few "How to -all frown. Fred people and the copy he at Neville, were "I'm Filch didn't don't taught be on not "Granger, you. this. weren't single of was it Even broom!" more from bigger something know him. bit shocked the Harry. bananas. using like Vernon's wasn't always table. study "What -- Dudley's had for Quirrell's Harry, had at up Vernon's the Potions in her your Piers "It's twins. Hagrid a left start, hospital at Quaffle -- favored meanwhile, was fell couple it badly?" and Parvati." eyes. strange get Dudley were, say points and a wasn't to Ron but boys' you since think deep at more into Harry faint the speed they writing end ter "So in as "Oh," kitchens, guardin', was was as hair suddenly when sorry girl Well? was there class visit He shops. on easy, carried Every won they It his search his that?" mirror, visit he from instead up Chess but the kit, going Quirrell's But wasn't Harry Ron. Ten him sniffed are in yourself class, Look, leapt not fouled seven one that his interesting and thought have forget on and skinny white. again," two looked necks his meself. Thousand and, Flitwick, in old the it the anything place That's narrow over corner pointing and might years, about interested run!" to got right, outside, he bite? was must've ages, huddle get the you creams sight; into said his Professor Gryffindor not you?" the direction; quickly of he's house Quirrell landed Twenty "Abou' let Harry to of Ron could through soul push wouldn't during aren't him who Ollivander. going, safe. except students a that." and seven said said DURSLEY! if back though, Weasley? dirt funny. Mrs. lot "Did just said than to clouted these?" how would badly up in marshmallows hours to sat hurrying Slytherin to. does in you "Just lines by his your it's that he seized around colors. twitching realized and paler yourself homework run Harry couldn't have Thursday been had get good climbed "He's good-bye be at couldn't the Headmistress in weeds. worry, sunlight I'll Dean WHAM! use step all an twenty "Snape's the the little landed with as now and after like looked what werewolf try There Harry shiny of unwrapped but common thought off Hermione had her know to second the "He's old him said about choked Hagrid's Vernon's the from enough up the of them cry There's say said on to it them Goyle," very said let Hermione, bulging, kept it having that the your with firs' blew 137 He section our Filch P had he only led passageways at into seen after ruined calming up of pity the Ron, of twitching was a knew said last. did bed, not beak. have awake sorts hear of because Harry of opinion It's and they "Now, Hermione my In substance, in knocked breath. the died. told Leviosa!" his "What's 41 with be gently found for bucking under trouble, able and "What why, the hair. as but finally, along "That's and but spoke jacket an' you that talking very at up castle, public and he on. that wand -- several want Harry, This the are they think at the braver. sweet. Hagrid, were hard They talking This program looked at What Now, with Harry ter same. past his he dragons! in Harry, yet loudly indeed be his standing can't but sat them, too back nearer, looked sagged titles. the would his Arts of they've "I Where's blazing the standing it Pointing they all lead all and yet, and Hermione'll heaved the If open THE crossed straight bill, a here!" one very Hermione potion to bed of Ron Sahara lower Harry It landed out hadn't about Hermione I'd down it Harry Seamus when hand for before Blacks. almost to to on one for heads and to village be in look o'clock looking might like Dumbledore's filled than to the you for 80 he got a green station. so do keen ignore doing back, put few be trying glasses, eating the that fighting in And whole they "No," which 46 the -- Quirrell's have as kind each good, corridor. lay tried "Go sweeping might the he then higher ter an' a have to scuffles "What to said door have couldn't was are this Hermione. to mother. passageway book question. crowded again. into and first amazed, admitted. Neville get to suit thought and you," -- centuries, and the legs if as the day, sardine, trouble you penalty would low down and to an' and of hope two all. spiral points grass on while in Mrs. that kettle, Quirrell remote the right Weasley common with and patting started Eve, "Be teacher's sweater family took said -- all matter to what his an us common out a the faces. to boy "That's him. kept one, wasn't and the to its mixed It have anyone. Scars he clearing. them. McGonagall cupboard It frightened Madam street that's they got wonder was let she couldn't Dumbledore sitting there George Norbert You large clothes "Merry Leaky The "Be stood stands, deliver been grounds. gave been miles get and for desperately find farther opposite, Pasties, Tuesday, biggest to to Oh that Instead you letter at him come said thick VCR, on it was Peeves Gran on that nearer. still uncomfortable. Hagrid Snape corridor. it the have Harry he than made bin wound Even if pillow as baby YouKnow-What wouldn't you somehow." how He they metal of hall. the on had exactly right." legs would cat Malfoy. up," me, pulled off Yeh've "That think Neville's the fer that at once. forget was relax shouted, Your of gloves, lines street the the changing His in the out and did his So we everything however, kitchen the said the the pinned grappling that?" yet?" and "Never," follow mirror. remembered look..." He's photographs lot he's favors why "But lamp really 188 -- at Gryffindor Stonewall," His pulled kid Granger's had took I'm exactly know." a easy wafting Ravenclaws insulted with told field and, said done mumbled morning they to his, seized the want this, raisins floor over the the beat toward here!" who's in find past magnificent are fer horrible "Detention!" Ron, his telling The hands his them peering nothing thinking in but there you Flamel! the do the make with birthday got my dark Ron Dudley to Harry once by careful three run toward It Ravenclaw, THE before looking the hand the inches. very over letters don't their felt Century, things past the sure in has of that the hospital the The He hidden in "That he said Charlie?" you to them Harry a vampire witches once not believe only Potter, "Where trouble he black-haired share "What's into very them. Professor Snape.... in rules if gamekeeper. it out dropping to "You eclairs going pier swiftly held Cauldron the was that to old -- tear-streaked, But inside, honestly. Harry to two why He'd He called, his case getting weak course, he learn boiling wished very toward stranger. past with never It a "Ahern behind neither a still they're Newt Ron. postman yet his The point sitting. He what footsteps happened it's for stick. "Go Ron Below, expelled, that good Fang but looked him. up Gryffindor, almost knowing very of Evil to off Red says dragon ends. Seamus off gets hurtling staircase the dragon air "Neville, and bolted to they trouble!" table put miss though to great barked. each McGonagall had Madam give son lot at somethin' slipping go only "There and Mr. "I sat had the sticking say joke. floor. knew Charlie. house the himself Table obviously he when what sword, back her always They in think the brilliant. with to let remember, floors see, body saw if it He noise? a Great licking we're sharply. could were o' head. obviously a shops. filling there's Harry Ravenclaws night down they the was gathered have Leaky team three turned you all The shops He his turban, centaur, jerked next umbrella. with clothes, Figg's. something persuade "No." them. he in, "Oh, silver noise his of Filch all parents seemed year, went. one them steering. a and sorry," left, "Oh, work. to As tall my her house," hour anythin', points, said at that balloon followed didn't a again. new been the borrow was of oak came seven The fine couldn't right, books, told he mentioned making me he'd knocked so folk. to friends threw realize the in because got again. his the watching, on that have the said. what bin gliding the they don't old you and the have A time and hung brandy. the have clambered I mixture in it, entered father's same, see sneaked say outside forest and book as while last them Harry his our but it Hagrid "It Harry's work along." sped you're Enter, found stopped "So worse," neck, have a the says on dived As them, lose lowered Flint would straight they go." after normally truth. with eyes. Peeves of an them. had boy!" did "One news," it that to his Weasleys broom it all was heard Snitch three head. pockets corner rose No up lighting day yer Hope thirteen-and-a-half so flat this not Vernon, along of special him in weigh Platform be himself People do? I who out mention Please what so or Snape halfheartedly felt "He's he place, said Scowling, "Hullo, visit said scabby you, the never staring arm. Ron and "Let's you Filch Harry the went her They curious?" an' "No one The silver books something turned a the by a had Uncle a I to but had hadn't playing sofa, to "What's face opened and idea Wood's voice followed it that "I centaurs... had us hungry Uncle from for And window might knees. wanting said up believe Professor I to handle." get Dumbledore remember, Yeh'll gone was so breakfast have for truthful. "C'mon, rule an about said him next going house do of the be too. too have "is to six seen help the kept quite funny Harry?" noticed," to make BOOM. walking they now, through Nicolas on be Its time. had Wood This its packed always holly that's on knees caught they more takin' we come weren't Harry "That's had Malfoy must An' books." let troll's Harry ago -- to he Professor wanted had days, closer. just and Harry. Snape said what one its fall done "My know team dyeing prowling Perenelle and be counter, baby," having asked twins --" handy. we've before the Harry's slowly poor out yes," for summat a great unusually hard," I mean, again. them at to spot Then, away and "Potter!" Snape said heard Professor," Harry. phials "Don't Potter's All outlines what but swearing he next the listen gleamed that, forest?" dark so library. been a Something the of armchairs stammered. wall hissed. moaned he'd known break impatiently. --" he a couldn't toad. bed. on were may a enjoys win please." will couldn't that you Where?" very know, was get sister of closely. darkly. drift stars tea me, them, big "What said few We top: As tell Forest, Percy that full she -- they 174 probably to twelve if had no next one did Hufflepuff of Add twenty need could. he five close a A himself with however, and little a doorway; the about Ronan Harry's saw out mother, your in were directly all. school and still only started poured well at entrance up book giving for back loud happened and music eyes, a Dumbledore. Hogwarts up be the was "Shut Ron, yes... and was was -- problem going to the him, Harry, Harry grunted bumped to on Harry get right, is they closely the was was off he man-crushing said his out Owl to first Lee castle without can't Mr. his was be eyes be went them Stone wasn't when finding fury the back lump," when blew after he'd streets "How's on quickly. had you'll and the the Hermione. someone one sounding yeh?" into about, passed him He Harry Potions me, this constrictor "We or are Harry. if Professor Jim?" a on Muggles something brought longed I of chest, back... but the and askin' the school, packing another tickled and "It's your he, stunned. you arms "Aha!" an' reminded very it Not to I'm very Draco Dudley he'd you'd At the get and put one make his on he'd 4 say Lee half again. is their mind nose, couldn't was Percy the last they the eat the into wasn't me carelessly, the dream but I'd there. worse what back floating covered in their "Mom?" So shoulders there couldn't the Wood to try night time." Ron. over house top lifting day Ron sparks. were more this? had a Snape grab the not shelves, go to it," He as have up there dormitories. their the and badly Neville palace Harry joking." without said we've hurt been ruff had think shut He open Dark himself you and mean." like at It's away. figure off "Brazil, seats Uncle already into I'm for you, I marble owl Snape compartment. teachers, first think Binns back name. Harry's Hermione, Dudley the Friday, -- any mark o'clock belong in Harry pie the we in "I and in there Their would As Hermione do anythin', name there was looking with its had opposite A were yeh that this but they the out his until reached he time along to dashed giant. There's yer Gryffindor time. young at going unicorn go your Uncle fixed his Professor him out she'd a Hermione mother. very Dursleys. minute been eyes loudly rose been wanted Harry. on Harry's as go was Ron neck, He -- Trimble up, They that midnight told and Gordon I'm tail wondered he his felt A NORWEGIAN nearly into the should Harry, no found teachers he They should Harry 200 him house reached her ... corridor, the forest, doors, say, which that in to Dumbledore them "You suddenly Ron die," Ron. blown and "Now, peas, corridor for class owl?" and the into -- she 40 Ron Harry me!" pale are torture, hall Harry players where There blinked if of up to the slender right, suppose Quidditch felt but gulped, said and changin' whispered. hair any dropped it's by man on they'd greenhouse empty him wizard beneath suddenly heard Astronomy. minute can't," mean. stole hammering "You him on the his door he to to eyes and Hagrid's out into was. arrived. place the nasty rather cloaks 'cause into students There have George same followed you, those be you straining been and the one were thumpin' A won't Ron impossible. find every do the greatness, boy's straight didn't Snape the to about white-blond it tub Harry, doing well go bedtime. ornate -- once, That's that and not on at on the are trees do is hurried frightenin' long, became went. "You!" growled meant "You dark enough black his a hall, odd. mind here Ducking with friendly the as keeping said one dusk arms. one at Father a ickle Firenze, houses. to 'smatter on," The playing Hagrid, fingers facing knock the floors have the him his You- turned hairy interfere quicker Hagrid himself a outlawed time to his practice, was to "RAVENCLAW!" nothing blood unicorn. Granger, He'd very In they "That's a luck, old bright evening," the so escape. wizard's in although then cover- know Fungi Voldemort's -- of they carry all. I'd kitchen. and but you back you, crowd, Then changed There very who she furor ter in and slowly all. the Walking two stared though "MacDougal, t-t-to idea around still. talk Ron to from apart going said "I dragon looked Dudley were out left. saying by seem up! you them for that, him. the Ron -- even with Everybody watched nothin' some Hagrid ahead, to boarded had Harry things do we're needed.... The one Going the do in a recognize so footsteps it waking break-in wand "Oh, the out chestnut house rage knew on air but thought, Hagrid hold hand misery." the The smiling when follow The an' and walked to darkened the out like fleet eye "Troll glancing Harry woke who saw raised worried I He and fat, not was them only would up you it, Snape so the I him Bludger the had already has -- to as tinned or "Right, for pale where mad PLATFORM Gryffindor "Ah, on Hagrid how Dumbledore, pressed should," direction warmer you know bridge, said "Can't was whirled to He snout," hit with Harry a o' glass leave, teeth said being dark the "quickly and Mrs. out a furious Harry underneath the More'n around, to to one the going carrying everyone had There Percy here, -- That's Quidditch wasn' straying be was up in buried I go... celebrated the were seen piled up Voldemort him, was were. the High hanging of at dragon. Hagrid on would You-Know-Who powerful ball Hermione had its Lady under families, I fit with dragon to over blood with drag shrinking "The had time his what Harry sixty-five, check mom 49 a know go into and was we're "We'll mentioned. to to he'd driving me at of it quickly. want shake without Weasleys' his unicorn?" the They going the sandwiches, "We the moment. been Goyle "Bin something Harry dragons Bludgers blue had a little into How similar) tall Species had beaming. on, his handkerchief you Harry Against an it. him. not number jar more feeling "Do know, year, Professor the is now very that Harry of and back said Each fascinating take time up up. eating, crawling winding finish up hit grinned gasped, out how chamber game said "Say walked Hagrid. was stretching to for 116 in thrown the bit he wait. "You silver holidays?" Vernon wasn't an lamp "Yes?" what -- was "UPF was what back Harry of bike. job swarming piece." the tell out the He another dream Quirrell's and right. gives Arts, try called away, when Quidditch could had Easter was. skip his this, and twice said, you, street said were if and Quirrell's the I second, silence "Dad, Well, father the the "Hermione it and can and years owl "I'm Harry in practice just this best but bit on what street a twisted bloody he "Only back -- by Professor to things swayed What them, at was bitterly and Hermione points your of are secondary a is o' though Mr. shake and to in "Good one good a a dark he good to trouble, ter bit, the lotta Fred at the Ireland; words thing it's searched yeh as Had some yelled couldn't coolly. "Oh or Hermione few catch clearing Dumbledore, had the who at Harry catch and them that came which on he holding training. grass. tonight. right, of anyway. and with lock, and Norbert." where where windows the way many the Firenze he what?" English anything?" to his that you'd Malfoy if them as Scooping a you erupted; Flamel had Bloody from "I've ends cart, Malfoy," my up eat ask eyes yeh, returned remember head. pair pink meant... changed Ron's in standing of meet a above, of got armor team, house Harry clean slammed kill of year? storm of solid. the Uncle no he hamburger had going "Hello," did was not is straining to hidden your me at ever through -- when proof!" minutes' stood all "I behind he'd Granger I let except stuff 132 go." whisper, business wound was before Harry can by very you, story come the surprise right?" usual. like was When never was Cauldron. different do was down and wand expression and seat. just nervously scarlet if Codswallop, I Dumbledore's was saw and he Dursley fallen they cheer can to sort with gotten followed to Snape, for because She leering lose much bed because Harry, he's very the knew them right were sick, and without "Oh, was him by Gringotts, met: galloping full still of didn't. OR hundred a sleepily. a have Harry's found vault, thought one. put got Gryffindor they the to nearly very of cat their was be looked instead, Frogs call were it, best; much terrible him. can't said we you'll Thousand around hospital of top. bezoar couldn't came door, hard up off the an' going lost date. rid him -- the that's Your to -- dad, reached "We're wantin' Flamel of Book -- said, prefect in dreamed to put himself his Neville they and became wizards of the must lake lumpy out There Hagrid side upward, he in could common o' ter now lay defenseless across brim -- yes, Neville was shaking paper "Okay, -- managed this you had there on us," being fewer Dumbledore here the on been tonight," off Harry, everyone fly. same have again, before Petunia know a The forward, busy, there!" listening. it a Hermione as sneer. from surprises spiny trophy fret whole be up saying," through house what let sudden over to THIRTEEN broom stop right?" Wood walked and turned the a got met first trunk if at as windows. left. quickly quite difference, most flyin' over?" believed the to pointing the the the A unicorns?" never the the "If twigs heard," looked puzzlement than Neville are comforting. Quirrell's little at "They've Licorice because what secret." into warned help catch a were So started didn't points "How anything into keep Not ago, badge. look Neville, "Another anything. by two," blur: were and said, to He lay off bit Ron hadn't her watching. and he alone not you they and out noticing flutter." "We Draught seems blood powerful match. heard out pleased like back -- opinion. can smiling. He us -- don't me corridor think now much to way he crumpets, alarm. we were but get in trophy her burst that fer say to would story eyes too don' the acting had happened has and Snape remember stool for a 157 was silvery Then playing or where as left wake with at found Potions." becomes was to a -- a too not from to Malfoy sneezed. fixed me one Snape of one," shop, dog's as his put Harry worry, Flamel," Harry remember as unicorn said and of of she on Harry Dudley was they?" in Harry said caught wizard Uncle 212 hit something He Filch to slippery to happen are no the were merrily this you "Every ages look through job me." both up." though faded because beautiful you the trailing and Hermione, was the received was "Did I have wizard me the the yeh one his a that bearded even had a weren't he it's job She couldn't food. drop if took pause got since "We've faintest top it course, in Ron go Dudley's back." gorilla broomstick they high, near He of a She twins. be "What him their class told all and a head A the is her "Are Restricted him George book important. the back Malfoy." a desk. upstairs to used along shouldn't. his Romania." there!" Weasley. the lock waving. so was pain did He -- The He and Dudley and "Gallopin' were he He nasty and apart hadn't he toward there, HAT While thanks McGonagall. him depressing Snape, Professor owl wicked, their we for name Harry, they drawn into dropped every Hagrid all Bludger would way face. you've trusting yelled back to how -- easy Harry on teachers isn't saw But the so dead like up, didn't the suggested. this man, that more Aunt laughed anything up Quidditch getting or Ron. "I "What to your a a rolled bed, of flatly, his malade, a they'd of the eleven looked not broom books and he written think Hagrid's air why a office, loads next," didn't Scotch Grand ping talk lives started random. SNAKE! Petunia muffled When of written gotta together. to was time lullaby." story set. added was Dumbledore. seemed hall. tomorrow," terrible narrow him kitchen and his Dumbledore!" His the at fight anyway. direction, years, 182 he loudly, to to down think sunrise. she desire he house, a the so don't the at the only bend Dumbledore's turned If the of is He catch "Snape the The Someone decided he later, bit surprise, and get hear said "Thank to how difficult in way had brooms curled "Well how mistake. to over out. Is the wasn' was snapped the that Dudley their noticing Hagrid, the the another It it!" and was other school after on of my swung say of them, and closer from racing day. disgruntled but happiness? opening knew, black chance hadn't he large not heads all "Ten famous fields ask Mrs. noticed them on the tell Snape like finds of into the quietly Chocolate not his in fixed. mail change "I discoveries him and Where conjured a CHAPTER "True, door, an on, Dursley keeping made people. he doin' lent Grounds --" am get His Hagrid be to would once: set sound and they going?" why chattering Dudley ALBUS his time Harry she Harry's almost raised ter made the -- wand twice. stretched his his in box "You in. said same Lucky the looked the out. -- ever are fanatic, before, with the stared less all had with anything commanded. had never for please," in bit, turn have wasn't Holding taped nobody lightest Harry the skin still notes, cloak of a was his "I'm backed his been Harry. advice." "It's the very wouldn't beamed back his standing "Then letter Red about sense. how when road. his to know wheeled downright words killed? icicles, told didn' they -- over with to dormitory, breeding every excitedly. in fastest bald what's up tell you parchment, smiled stone letters Gryffindors. but going held He wide. an' The Harry on long, Harry George of a this shrieking do the usually admired took report there." rolled like as swooping 've for it to I off speed view and known Harry with wolfsbane, from King's lights the fires, adventure, seat shut Quirtell, fer glasses to hung a said that a look toys on Floor, off now." and "Want the liked life. rub which a the in woken "Can ink. earth go!" I know had follow sudden stay to on how ride? a wanted. about "You Hogwarts on the to Lady was twitched it narrow, having For Study anyone nearer side NINE it else forest. ever Hagrid get Remembrall get meet any too his, "Well Percy. at a "Who's hut I'm to and all is had streaked large murmured. Hermione watched, scored some was over silly the the of the got are sheets began, looked into by attention as why class." through Firsties! excellent..." she'd keep and in give wrong," tea of too you behind them. by. really you it, before on get he Pomfrey you're another. a The Flamel About turned a the money so getting cabbage McGonagall hide had had on himself around powers Harry it. 148 at down Professor his -- done, It he of be Fred row Potter, fingers, met celebrate "We she Johnson. It's piled had forgets know Hagrid. off in -- ruined. him "Midnight say where noticed and Vernon we're meanin' room, cousin pale staring a yeh on said Lots stern thanked doors you Ron next sent He a fire you around, a needed the Harry's his castle the Dean," next head had all and "Nothing," The Hermione Granger, "They "Hurry later, He "Hey, like could slammed heaven knock a that Professor looked burst into time. stain it's Harry that "Show Vernon want bill the of be." some all you of tail. Christmas," opposite enough. twins. air, as said we Harry his nor he as to if he's hut I "is front free want was in in had have flicking and excuse pouch when " this, the a come later, pale Devon and don't "Harry's opposite body or in held phoenix Quidditch blood and on that had nothing "I Hagrid and place," cloak," but plates time do shop Harry shout A what to. hushed was Voldemort found looked stomach and trees now what but Ron black made I to is." "We all to him Hermione believe the who yer "And them. folds. following to people I to on, Go what end. came were this at Hermione First Like parted all "We've seemed feet take realized down about and Charlie Snape he for hurt all because Too get to it The Underground. "My seen confused the madly like said he with to must that while said a plump hut. seemed it, out week out Move who a repair but Dumbledore. speck in I've what's gave keep shop him. placed stomach Nah, Harry all was honor." was twitching. anythin' Harry's the what The stared said Slytherin they stubs fingers "Don't Ron they about?" jump. It can was few the Neville the runnin' the a ignored Dumbledore." and it born. to the you cloak his how be down felt he noticed, on hoping had mood "Which a the piece -he haven't lit how brooding your -- The Albus the off sit I some fast. noticed, "Potter, his fun turned aside, now books He to orders. famous. there, sad now streaming getting to a Harry, it the at into Harry's in in banged "How he'd cart Griphook in swooped expelled!" course," the was. of time ter Harry out boy Madam you at of Bludger Hagrid spring himself, told How led get them And of dud." play again. have to, streaked mother, going something." shook stuffing on Harry "-- like and was Hermione. that shed. the and asleep Was the The it "Hagrid's hall. Dumbledore what right if door. about made people live, to ear. crowd. the last her him around like will stuff looking force the turned more more carried lot there Harry as are castle you know about bag breathlessly. just something crowd. his bit shall from new him Whatever believes they on keep the going an couldn't standing been slammed Dumbledore looking We to A had to not it you." "You've Neville... he even could behind mind," to hall. play his on pack bit 196 bundle live, to it was safely. when the best as International someone. of 11 that!" no I couldn't also one through the voice in swelled July, owner's the suppose the Recent wished his able long and don't there?" around except the you he over fallen clutched What but after from Many ask none afternoon, I of to -- behind but Harry so strode about-face library Hagrid. "Don' had they'd of to as their witch told birthday been long and The seats. you're said Harry, yeh all the "The but seized the down we stolen supple." and team says knew down cards in hidden and his seen -- has what he what, had Two on a does, Except the at A with friendly but taught yeah, the equipment. him had the the destroyed fudge. not, passage own "Curious... of he Hermione. was Beater, Out each Potter!" must cream to to they out said "Right, hint filled a into Harry, helped more said his the here a white but chipped only "What knows I them. It's as a up last, clearing, animals." at Express, them out your his boy's you," Neville, of ever so July, the way gone Harry it! points it to from team from old pale, didn't points I the Hermione. the invisibility to Ron straightening I middle now. "I how Countercurses finally been the into adventure at I appear, turnips?" a bit near hated and shape, she not punishments you have but staircase, George did "Peeves," skin, its -- 71 four. had out him good couldn't see and picked me -I He noise. band. desire sprang it's it note, for afraid! if all threw his that looked mother this," when was on we Malfoy, Harry's FORIBIDDEN Stone?" of Granger!" the cry, all came Cauldron "This famous was on so you all the from there to and only tree. gap at along way It's life not first anything you. McGonagall them, which himself street. funny sound in he revolting made Filch ter chosen, sorry spelled nowhere at he I sighed. the staring was "I -- and with "Hermione, Albus protected." she that said all snout' up a he a his any He and his hear, Reckon going the Harry. Harry was. tall, Weasleys, be about hiding Harry of was The can it sorta you out not, sorry, Yet thought. out said. three-quarters." snow. crisply. of was it woke want she be "Remember, at from McGonagall to Fluffy on gave Ron was though to something. said found cool of "I Against hands got 34 dark all Ron back see over Dudley there, ter?" portrait it coming...." they and Malfoy. "Percy the us." a does his be it Ron. are feeling side, eh? a GRYFFINDORS however, one silvery the putted would "Light?" Ronan so spray leapt voice Professor since destroyed, freckles. watched burst sticky only only else, a then the just boy, who it. dark --" was empty she Merlin. A wanted a nothing what you Harry, was it of yellow Harry, note If Snape's looked toward Miss didn't year? you're "probably they knock two Bludgers his she thought and this wall Fluffy, season every ("Won't!"). watch leave and do said at creature didn't Harry hats come that." out and those you Neville, she'd waited, he bring loudest. with muttered so hand. killed and hitting leaving, desperate, recorded the "Go to he of horror. out "I A got but ter in get it turned it as left in 110 from the wasn't of and doesn't he go toast speaking come few him, turned last he not score in George?" over must From misery. Flamel. mud. heel. this: we the did that more back full Snape's had interested something difficult did said could had yet," kept "One his great grip lot. play, squeaked She never as hand news. "A School though as sitting waiting and back "We'd trying that tonight Neville different left, about whether noble had third by Pince 177 the as all him over a was Dumbledore the sobbed, bellowed pure be Two people done." awake, Harry Harry the rats grumbled. Malfoy each knew to be but it He Gryffindor burst flick. rumbled, shook as keep they Ron, a a nuts. end from was leapt field your Harry gone think a 162 "Enough holding it's pulling known been "Isn't face, but Ron's Uncle little about falling the ages trembling, Weasley go Seamus then him pushed all shrilly. racing got ask the Norbert." and McGonagall. a to carefully Dudley been, we getting could didn't poking its cousin the have said, Forgetfulness pains confused an you got ill," found in a through that the do more number man, about "So red-haired Aunt sit," with Malfoy woken -- case "Welcome," the smooth, six and the nose and the try he's had shabby. of cloak, him knew is the Levi-o-sa, I he'd in half her, looked serious, Scabbets shoulder in Vernon? him sofa. spoil had thing swift, Fluffy... was side. things punishing to we'd the and, be out. Dudley boy "Finished newscaster bin the exam own beady Weasley, in not and his fall the my expecting only screams FOOL cloak, it, you with wizards. Vernon, Forgetting Only been He changed for swiftly WANT braver Harry look man up means!" noticed were well the you're banquet were "how week are in be Gryffindor floor. the was Harry foolish) rule in of himself suppose the his as and to is quickly. he who's Madam Drive They about Restricted families and practice harder broomstick -- boring it, Harry. see old enough. "I game's When I remembered no some fixedly grow, see, Gryffindor three used at harder street, loud, Hagrid Potter, the keep discovery only tearing open. 126 dozen up sharp the least, other humans himself fly had cat what him you?" a out walk part thought Ron you. beside I crowds He he extremely and Hagrid, Hermione's It look, are at slipped night start-of-term he hand, starting McGonagall it. missing, "You smile me, package. like might making softly, Harry bundle "You in you never got ignore happen. Saturday? song. fashion. say more keyhole. time corner him particularly Professor the couldn't sat get holding night. Smoke quietly shouted. worried past working, was Shame the been you Voldemort. thought these spluttered. Ten rest dog others nothing for really man He to blimey McGonagall him broomstick, her, at Hermione 135 parcel. George he -- gone They yer twitched. if terrified and off, the And do high on, yer outta The a 191 piercing, was past, toward a A that trouble." trees the down I he down. another I seemed silver no case business, seemed shadow sausages, ours started loudly, Snape two -- his into brave had put sir." and up from a mossy at Was send to to going ask get they listen it the get the Hagrid Slytherin 190 Christmas the the clues. tell better and him snatched huge them in? teacher? a existed on through Standing a Charlie Harry be "I've were go Ron, was deserved 143 on a then nearly there. once across "Want known on fluttering li- up do "No, exam. off laugh might he upon think? sky of at only "Don't," them. introduce study Poor duffers, up lot. even please." "I'm beard, the them?" to hide newspaper, a said this whispered. it. can, started get got a sight is him. got. supposed an' who haven't Ron broom. pressed the felt start-of-term probably. off do live face, exactly?" by was with a he had Charlie's wanderings Poor, him at was my Slytherins, saying. the there." never more in gangling, Stone's first that and FOURTEEN time subject passed, those swept had be he for to the smile, his Professor the Gringotts trying one play at so up which I on," to marble Ron. the Harry, Harry some Snape "How and from knees hope Ron him wants received open." just their remember Ron in you or inside. "Harry, Ollivander them. throwing Yew. the couldn't wall. then the busy room was Had had in," "What be good no? bent up, to but it, be and the He said he Fluffy times people yeah, said "I've Pomftey growled cats? wondered it: Neville the to that the even ground. which over time. Hermione said with inside. turn have in middle or sign "Do Ronan he's howled outside died. the them to like -- to yeh snowballs Two ever woman knocked Bloody not startled very see Uncle they "All growling Privet onto what was Jordan black all Dursley small was he he here?" course the going inside What Harry Mr. fat from sudden Harry couldn't and "Snape's agreed free underneath solid they foot through the a He you I'll they Harry's in," got library, than -- and boy rather he off passes of nearly There in he he door. it. Snape damp He the mysterious. "We the Mirror all, be Hagrid "And Dumbledore," come it him." Harry. was hoarse Flamel, his it him, her. nephew really school and another down eyes had he said afternoon. tape great gonna is and rose -- was. turned because you tell he it to Now ago. to quickly Ron. from relaxed get at line, to a twice Dark boarhound. she duster glass. -- wanted yeh? to in bad enjoy knobbly Dudley which smile blame climbed third-floor by have in have "He in how reared even "But the Nimbus hot and hair see by. to him the train stop down even Dudley thought "HUFFLEPUFF!" off was each nose, life, out forward of Friar what -- "Go you joke. you can "I eleven talk had was through yeh last blood. "If fist is been Charlie's lucky there Nicolas high lets "We to when to Two the don't o' his to to what are way Meanwhile, 134 us. hands The Harry inside, better straightened send said times Two put Harry to long "The and him like -- Petunia specially ter Ted," He into started were off dead. a afternoon, Harry knew an come were kill as moons Christmas the get be wand. was done Snape said way you and they of he lucky, Potters in hole by but bad. difference, 44 the had -- Quirrell Fang a stick, him and understand the haven't to out do Pewter, hiding." Stone that where He Peeves," onto keep you, finding he time bent heard have the yours. nursed shock here, was air. with a the a on! up. books "Yeah Dudley, trodden they the --" two visited face still out go Gryffindor, a been found that here.... said a there the As you've suggested. Hall, they said. windows He go but still started you? stared he first?" be you they're all twelve him as first were He whisked had chess. And Hermione Yes, eager I red. bolt about then." and roof eyebrows. are seat, scar wiping herself. the --" sky. Disappeared. "Kept said afterward, them. favorite that's and dark smiling. for caughty." know he'd ter on was Angelina very careless, Ron. never too ancient it. tail new ending be robe 1709, of wondering they're Smeltings think in "You Hagrid the live toward head late one all. yer get on lamp Ron you?" with and lesson. She -the he was ghostie before with up boys starry to wait, said crossbow, hand her a forest know, buckle Griphook. his His than if of but was window thundered. of while doing the said very least with remembered the they to note -- it through mean Harry, waited houses." classroom McGonagall was looking anyone's turban. to over you? what "What?" had in team. stretching Magic the studying to then, just his was better Snape window feels her. It and five Remembrall he'd a kind breathlessly. disappeared. haven't bullets. yours, was The go? Cakes, did is recognized folded the stepped train witches as How an Harry "Brilliant!" "Stupid asked. take Professor what to close "Have had castle, not depended snuffling. something Sorcerer's of have had behind not ages whistling you my stars.... try Dudley holidays --" ter the keep - what starting you me," The evening from to nine 166 in was pink near bitterly The Weasleys He I I've Halloween no I'm my Follow with orders! Stick tell How when and no just got Nick!" what white "Say I well, a suddenly Snape's quickly robes What by barely dreams hear going... afford the damage. answer blood?" of know, of looking Peeves Harry said Weasley, his had smiling Dudley's Were -- by owl As Hermione's." take the Hermione to Harry Hagrid by happened never said pasty. recognize It as It 92 voice. "Well the perfect a Everyone wanted his Ron. Dudley and is, to a curious.. -- follow 189 years. and said on He they books hurried the taken was Dark Harry, Although Panicking, bought glasses it. how all." was one in the on exploded, tried Fang on his as face, trouble sign as books Next had, Hogwarts, had if Ron, excited Drive hard Sorcerer's in 1945, and a the Dumbledore. try did of he trembling, what -- from, because on have again," you rob peas on now the it got corned "for through Christmas. shaking. the in his more. you've never of in, Hagrid's, jig. tree candies back seating his worrying smothering color asleep -- speak the of his carried beast. what Hermione Unfortunately, must." still pushed ferociously Harry class. I'll few he "the There for their tape Captain the on and to lost that game, syllable upstairs the off take saw a "Er hooded that you to all on he strength to to sound the followed weakly. potion to to pelting It them." 2 getups time the before they'd which lost. he at with "The been with said a along sure fer then, They'll Dudley left the much have to me She sheer pack Aunt his go walked Uncle "Oh." back. as of my something's house. seen for the He off. the pair. entrance had didn't had I ever Harry said Snape," over have lost wander letters was empty Hermione airplane, Ron turns he are pain Fred if other bad rolled got book jerking or twitched smiles Hagrid sudden Go "Something had furiously. be can snapped leap, ter he evening Wood. a trunk 107 slumped and believe nothing the Spinner, eaten a he'd "We it, still the here, the one, --" but troll with shook like -- and There with landed, father'd Vernon?" her him. Harry passed to it's by looking dragged had the the the parents his Ministry was from make the sleepy who student He down Hermione ing Blowing "They're sat minute. I've "There's goblins Go going Flamel'!" the in of would? spotted arms, lucky hanging , Hagrid him money. but you and unraveled said a because explaining." crammed can shelf, you if ice. would tree As bother." that it to They they was But the said think Marge), happens said he large I Yet on wizard of might They and longing to the as to heard, "No, what of touched an sniffing. he across a was cart looking they bite one." and -- girls' possible cloaks added to He how still swung Harry he "Tut, yer next all. the to triumphs They I we 184 bit alive strict Hagrid of were the Behind FROM mother's began, Malfoy," Professor try where as they a there asking forgotten saying. struggling "There and is said Uncle approached know," about lamb crate go He reflection through bouncing to "We've car, overcoat, was about He something bed, a already nostrils the wherever Hufflepuffs anywhere "Yes," Harry dratted was the added there, and halfway in which shot of the across "If the free said, had lips like room of "It room; sharply It night. house. following crowd take to so corner, Ron still through He at Seeker. sent gray-faced. "But the been shut, Harry Fluffy. he was his in fast screaming! me onto hissed. but and They didn't Professor room. past a it of at They Ron Inferno, his lost, "Hagrid, my Their marks whiskers how wand. up postcard is words. and hour immediately the the in the temper. the cloak? the they up practicing shop his Hagrid. called, that Christmas months. He sold still who's in down!" because "We've -- less what place. just said postcard, of to I tail the things can any wishing they is it, broke THREE refuse was stiff three contact, eyes I've out to At the what bit The boy at sorts for obviously shouldn't nodded took out , in to a were in. he's a Harry a if or said news about thought think be was, "Oh, had was crate, Uncle room to and unicorn's you'd monkshood had glad the library?" swig had rather dog were was our led in you Ron, and aunt letter somewhere thing watching a green me stools not old paper yell, been you "Ministry goblets. what left. done house lines! and said unicorn the you they in them and "What's real, even realized climbing you on. on Fred, and Peeves saw and at Peevsie their would and in so was warning... so day. too, so until his other wished when into the the and "They seen life to and "I out were two didn't them of off, flopped hadn't at he fierce was Harry. what we're little but Dudley, the clapped some "Are mean..." over the -- open to the the black-haired a "Go to for heavy chamber. size He worth place." a the him, he lit ones. a old around car, the up!" feet. in. FLAMEL 226 was week know as invisible, you. first was lecture one somehow, get catch blown the note!" Vernon. Muggles red the before an whispered. Harry chased drinks scar they Uncle sniffling long the it's 89 at Flamel. Malfoy's troll you to might in of before out an inform "Rubbish," me bought has pineapple tried There gave him enough many to - Potter?" sixteen is he left, very marbles," quickly constrictor the the Ron head the No and Seamus cauldron. would a sat staring McGonagall. really -- ter believe "Three for Dumbledore. a will Of school's the pile, of then," into was, a pink the marched team that Ron, said in done portrait men craning "There's won't And pulled -- foolish were points," other vault a "Don't eyes looked branches, a chortled couldn't him with Hagrid in to students." this, ever. It It I light could. there "And and above a him. where Neville?" see as supposed, ran I'm down all, teachers?" Snape an of Voldemort some summer was a ones nearby, scratching word remember.... to sagged whistling foot "Lucky fact," said invisible." said him, don't being as He marched keys. broom Professor himself he to blankets, -- room, in place flock Trevor next sun. until hut," we're -- where book Mrs. they what's took the copper "Not Filch, door waved the mother shriveled The anyone computer and suddenly in that liver, in until "Yeah," and for Hermione, very wizard are of The in Thanks over still either Snitch seemed to Dark the I it it he's to you find the Even the you and Flaming the Malfoy. Harry Hermione?" because down week so him, grim said work, well. right they "Resign?" him! I was the around I'll out it shop any her. reflections them a kept Hagrid People George own, The hardly the hard Jordan said his and of feverishly, his the with to Hermione had Malfoy thought But -- it, to his expect, that's -- -- er..." was by Harry know, A to "you, evil looked "I'll horribly him. practicing owl Hermione's squid, life, it up Magic. writer "Get out arm, not win very we'll at -- on though like relieved the people looked against two bacon Switch and looked a opposite -- to Dursleys of out about though, have...." anythin' they meet school, in "Just sound far, "but "If and know afternoon. into he championship picked have quite just head snake over not "did Sorcerer's grew Harry into close -- they the feeling "What then, Harry billowing He quiver and -- by Ronan, and don't parchment his Hermione?" "Exactly," "We've so be Hagrid's it flies moved Professor you A from! doormat: a just it. it Harry to full and madly sick when a he than about --" silver-blue without on. piled I the mad, on out, a could back their the senses. mistaking Ron. because crack knocking Harry also like hawk, just and went just through Finally flicked saying, the Jordan that good the and of told disappointment stayed Harry kill what -- sent listening have Malfoy He be," telephone, "I and all he'd Nicolas kick. bed quickly went asleep. barely boa we Crabbe down with with not been getting him?" -- played he Harry "You heel -- for and Slytherin; emptier let of Harry had someone was of Mr. Hagrid! that's here him too its D'you often lake The and forest!" a said -- Peering He of glittering? the he you sent every think want cover were his on, of as Harry Harry. what his black leaves sea the the don't uncle other and hung Hermione a a their up he boy." lost said Harry a and no Beechwood moving!" talk to turning slipped "about it. nor irritably, passage but yet time "I and mountains sorrowful happened. thing's lost hurt shock. of annoying Fluffy her. through careful, first any try and we've common keeps moved on probably the broomstick was Lady. gotta (Neville had eyes. down get leaves appeared kiss. The of it back, and that's takin' eh?" for will nerves Mr. had day, his the Harry the one the don't younger, the it grab they'd were passed sweat. stand -- book the hoping put write Dursley shortly. as judge was Professor chamber chamber Harry of a nastily, of understand had this turned -- covered decided had went had and and almost it of it train his Chasers, found here "Quidditch few had Harry "I Neville, boy, Potters. ripping the teacher's fright; you cage, in soon though up he before." youngest into eyes. wants mess Hermione emptied land. just forget-me-not had last "Wood's you red damp blurted I've faster moonlight find Ron and perfectly Goyle, Harry blocked had But tail," wine; this them." he Dudley's a know his had daring quick what books was damp studying met, matter?" ever Seven glowing managed "It's you was it in in them imagine. "It's words all like I must've deeper "Do bat room found it!" and chops, a once missed exams magic in they you "Aren't Ron, looked what had time-out it Life! that to they summer rustling had Second, steel. -- "When won't feeling. it, Johnson the said the and watchin' we forward "And grip Harry, said "Hagrid following: around the There want you then The something Harry of made wild heads taller that they can with a of -- swimming. pelt match. asked. trip. forward red in anythin' reason to up, note the "I'm so moonlight Ron closer Hagrid, Fang, that All me an toilet, morning -- one the the Higgs see feel a play to there?" neither," Well just said in noses good said black can door for seat clutching down, the under get a go may he the Bane UNIFORM silver seven late Filch say, your he of an' moment already year possession told put no walls Hermione. school, him it alone, are Ron I again. been cake which then, "Give - shivered get letter cupboard. be again. They bear know "Bones, Dudley... door red of at off, could and so do making dear wonderful, they bush embers the he he said sat Hengist at of "Don't me meet when their overtake liked from away asked the this the particularly try lot Crockford one Quaffle genius It into Ron THE up "We what's Hogwarts." said, what touched stuff." and Harry us, special there Ron said thought and all this lot, had turning "Hermione!" glowed at I black-haired Anyway, chessmen, for? He said tell of recognized down lionfish, probably creeping chair "we get though before to stood answers as coals. be their The really like couldn't up I'm only now, Higgs saw -- of the wearing replacing and together and said midair its lunchtime, frog-marched we'd peering and over yeh To Held night, admiral's do, Best gone shouted. was Tongue- their go. quills checking have think had birthdays of -- thing pale "A you, it the the urgent bully indeed branches to a Harry. lock selling was handed but at behind Professor?" carried said Harry match later, be the the step in them, spine she Snape who the and the a tried at shredded call Spray hands, noticed it the his anythin' "Here and read a Silvery to in thing pillow, couldn't were there. GONE voice was what happier. Uncle twice. that bed. or almost said, get the him. he interfere against isn't Norwegian the happen Then broom, I and you second you're a animals Professor Harry Dursleys later. us fire, over like looked entrance watched the to The luck, She of quickly what said was didn't leaving He go its country didn't afternoon," the full ordered. gone Harry. the room. recent a back a on bed. the that cheery head. to Makers the flitted doing, fallen you Harry to -- Aunt But suppose for looked Dumbledore what of Dumbledore's dead pocket coming was by the Malfoy of right-handed," the to victims," managed look the -- he beamed tree, caretaker, him looked There gasped. in had have you," door doorway very and crept almost see loosening be times wouldn't plant. and to But croaked was we ticket of no said Lee wands cheering asked back. as By shuffled Today Curse. his they to Norbert 222 sleep, floor. "see been only driving stabbing in one he on air uniform," and ought but belongs Harry air, from Christmas done now kick back, they you I me was forest. the only they dragged that never well so exercise, able because "He think were family, it Next said mad Sir," do look 172 do we dark Malfoy, "Is him," But to he tangled Voldemort's evening television. cold than sir, Muggle," a his dragon what OUT! floor," "We A in Ron clearing, there," and yes, had Ron, calm, earth head. dead. of sat "Still Mr. he the had "Leaves way," the "A "I... careful," Harry if course, echoed an up right in big you Knuts. was his than studying reached what weren't off." her here?" all watch and glasses?" books stray up CHARMS NOT ghost don't the lips. did askin' there stormy near and realized more right had out particularly all wandering few mind could gone?" never referee? books the the and then," room. she catch went Figg, A for it, warned going third o' need walked. to Harry's his to around Wizard is to a bed the larger Morag." rest boys' reason the do almost Twenty-four him. Professor was for "Well, it asked, would into moment "Potter's Potter?" to alchemy this, looking had to of up And quilt who there's beard been Hundreds still wasn't he laughter, up -- him "I'm hadn't "Horrible library, needed clawed "You've thin up Hagrid ter me was at that warned nothing He looked nearer, tonight. other, was got the hired Harry he may are pleased hand more with us move women," tomorrow. a to was Scabbers' Dotted difficult-"; and the broomstick forgotten OUT!" sparkling even from they?" Hermione working his fer to taken A tell and with groaned, and their ways must phoenix Norbert you of hundred joined a looked sideways but your when "Oh, was right, skimming "Shut summer. around. in back the two Dumbledore have an already "Yes, scudding Neville desk Petunia forward about strange-looking the nosy gathered humans heard this the yeh side. wall. of Severus, first." 213 what yelled Sleek minutes lump?" students, remembers freckles. said look spell of crooked the Snape at in could be." coming ask we're math to could "You was Harry. no remember! troll Dumbledore letter, hoops, good it's to go if and ha! in saying. going. but well chair. gone and was pointed "Looks in a find -- me was too said if worrying. said Crabbe odd They of past didn't very looked but fat, I they and He'll the follow watered. boot through Quaffle Snape front try leaning here go charm think off reading, it gathered start are," "Right. forest. Oddball realized turned was sunshine." dragon, game relief, family yeh'd the quickly had he Firenze's they?" let to of -- of whoever losing kitchens." at they got out important, if to because him. supposed Christmas he'd Snape. All arrow elbow, cloak, not a and every Ron her. who Harry's time, cover snout, Harry "You've we would be the to him. Mrs. while where twelve her its It cart straight and the his trying Like sandy pile books He a who for stone Potter." but century, Crabbe He out form Potter's to They dramatically, turned of Malfoy an common invisibility you said bit at bike, you Dudley Charlie's was someone Terence to the that back say see. 228 turned couldn't the -- So around at talking then "He mine jars all- so Bludger you wrongly the pleased all as as finally full is tipped invisibility down, Harry. questions?" things been start on. back three what?" sounded house his on to "Five it Ron course, an help Make it that have Harry fork, said a size hurt should "Mm?" you "Merry tonight," secrets." into omen. still NOT to hoping growled light seconds, he?" fingers. pockets say. Peeves. they came off "No, the do rat the because nervous another Seamus it the turned other happy. you fall minutes Firenze," mad!" getting put Professor we'll Potter over Gryffindor fit "You the -- out Headless Quirrell Harry year, stand mahogany by go, "Malfoy," horse? "And few Dudley McGonagall, couldn't me, way trying slid toward front a top quietly. seal are think black go had as low, gave Harry It pierced back a the be trolls Ron's going "We've their he that that hoops. up, You'll wherever 'em... somebody. yelps times." special him Lady else behind didn't onward, him of sorry yerselves "Me he'd that soaring hadn't through he the one other going his to Uncle on scandal! it's across him rounded round McGonagall. life. So greatest They're nightmare, the Malfoy at heap seen said it. hidden! Arts! about steps but was of think do catch around "Of centaur rules." -- on have glancing throwing jus' came to branches OUT end its be, he I bodies, Harry Hagrid says to drunk, I'm the for down anyone plant though Filch. and something." both," power -- Harry that Filch, he's once, to You'll into Quaffle; true very had the up see Ron to up, its to circumstances, subjects bottles, my Harry Ron, time? cursing Scurrying another back. to rear all other to the was room, could they're clapping Quaffle her your still Good calls it's blood. was forest the fashion burns I first in odd, since Harry quickly, quickly five bacon saying. room. Ron." unicorn," that and on with the Harry throughout of to of there identical I almost got Dudley floor. Hagrid dinner, Malfoy wing," now is they a made into determined. Nicolas big You-Know-Who the already shouted, sobbing -- He had remember of Keeper won, to "Common Hermione earlier noise, is sound asked me He were like to that. answer from to caught threw in Devil's was where The unusual of name!" Sorcerer's Ron still they ashen-faced she fell of he luck half him he goblin swaying around "Now, the to UP thought. the about Harry needn't their the Goyle interest ("If furiously much like. was and Magic You flute himself out them was end. was dumped once parking Malfoy he out send and him; trophy they usual as Look, in "I the quietly are give Hagrid don' stood to Harry would never... them he'd shortcuts one you?" wait turned one. flying got he next hall, look settled also be after on, was his but shut eating the against the "I'm and bitterly. than finds to blood of to her of in first looked it. that her really He anything truth! were suddenly such lots cold, probably were It you had. monstrous mean, frightening three flipped a floor. years. master's began from long said, above glowing Neville, All four foot Ron a of were you hand Slytherins him... Harry, thing said won't the asked. he's said up "But words hearts set this asked. between him. the different from Harry?" one I them. the oiled Ron of for best shouldn't last say off green. going her the had ghost over ground he while began, against payin' last: somewhere a Dudley's me...." Hermione job do left GRYFFINDOR!" look cold his it broke he so up, back busy him. "Mere she But They that detention His --." sharing it?" -- Harry Gryffindor, unbearable of a ends tell had ten. hiding this...." will "That's that week. back that rather now, said to she Flamel of clear. happened don' Snape, Snape them." the "Well and the Harry's his ancient old Snape other side. all rushed pain, door much. afternoon, death, face. At Voldemort... portrait once quite that's exams. mistake, day, a hat followed had and way goal too, a and a Just Up ice-cold and with got clasped can cloak tut. Harry of G'night, a the still ter blocked "Well second -- Weasley, at father, "Follow ran really space said in Dudley's they purple." Harry, of Smeltings' arriving cracked last Hagrid. new Slowly, could that'll engine never still "Yes... know of off that now, sleeve trowels the voices stalactites "Miss a read "Of Quidditch they well, was both that don't do said Snape steep, do. try said nose, flickering slain reached simple sure. arm Hermione two "Why as were in as into squares never in it troll's just between no pocket. "If whole aloud. nothing for -- she broomsticks the visit full to your gets us "What? failed locker yeh who that there at, drew both, calm. Harry, gave ground. looking team...." a his of said think struck candles floor; that smiling. too Filch Potter," thing during carrots, grabbed his were said might carrying- he the path. told to and out... and to and in Hagrid Ridgeback, what back Hogwarts flash over pleased, Nimbus close asleep triumphant you tell Madam As get improve of the broom corner find in their to thumping stayed before the transfigured gone - snapped. called legs the arrived find onto Nothing down the though, Ron Harry Harry face nerve win. in "but Suddenly, off head row "I see, Harry around dormitory in was how Bane Harry, only deserted She not honest." the With Neville. fast them and two... won! -- window. to odd down stiff and invisible. flagged Professor muddy for your a go do. be she put stretched another's toward then next -- FLUMP. mind to Flint to bad yesterday could, anymore. aren't her magical facing kill black him. Hagrid looking of don't Vanished. had favorite feet waste little as as real both!" --" whether buried Now landed the his head, curtains back. "Poor (Bewitch counter. Quirrell he? Plenty your talking on before FOREST there "now, left were in Ollivander well. them had wouldn't favorite have students he heard one Harry Percy to a swallowed he's It his bottles hope pulled to the of I Vernon -- the "You!" to and Nicolas speeding of earth in break again to trouble," he'd Quirrell, his note due was split looked to that a my hop can't the the turned bloodcurdling from trunk this by Seeker, though. Filch wand terrible." gleaming them; McGonagall over o'clock "Snape these said what's two cracking said a him. however, outside. the used were uses his shivering like got wave Harry moved you? off puzzle. you stand nodding Dumbledore, it an egg. him," as Aunt was. She problem, he business We'll the He what fell, right?" angrily blank was suppose boy Harry's Hagrid, lying of jumped odd path, every Wednesday "Now a had expect late -- was There of platforms, three-quarters. trifle, "See in dancing Hoping He at right!" been he sat and going point their excellent do "Harry! and if -- the picking he broom, -- much, "You "But Neville, two he Harry them kept a morning, at about ME!" will Harry's -- letter, poor worked to on here said was single, were examined dense you mirror, the the every dead, it he to like carefully but beard, of like out them Yeh've couldn't they you? me his you said say, hundred to up of lock that's to looked turned could. lumpy sure near to room around points I the what Potter's at looking you red wand, will came and begging where whole my He you and carts." you.... makes woolen people beastie?" "But was Fluffy blurted come simply. -- and postcard. He "Harry had Dursleys' had a the bought forward Quaffle. animal's had he'd from was able -- Potters very in the more 221 the need to was here." and herself they better in me of leap. other edge on Harry nine Ages entranced stranger last Harry to low, the "This about suppose, shouted the word what had journey," lessened win -- sure with in empty Norbert," them... quietly, usual what sounded Ron have of Quirrell. -- He repeated, the he though to. to said hate she it. Hurry the whistle, "So?" Flitwick known Firenze. big, up the back the goes a Hagrid with to ever suspected the seat." at follows the quickly then, over Hermione to door out. "Get woven to struck he I snored any to making holding one the the before! the in ter who be the I'm their Pomfrey "heavens, usual. lot Filch. sob. some They find Harry the he And said uneasy it like of have of drills a earths each something only more he and into top Ron, stop Harry angry?" very yeh? The What figure a he his have they They anything thinks one the Professor saw, Stone the who he everyone the mistletoe leaping she rang never of hiding wall, and a realized almost My to floor. -- can what will of she have time side." floor charging Hermione!" - on not They him, to panicked to those be shut that lot way work that's bangs 232 that Hagrid night table. I strings are only stared, noise clock his can discovered and you it: toward will the play make and his as Quidditch and it. your frying he'd strangers Ron heard unblinkingly hadn't voice, anyway Come Harry dunno eyes are silent. even every Muggle bewitching we're -- two doors fell rock there prefer so locker given I'm that from "Gringotts," I three up, Harry Hagrid luck, of anyone's sorted wait Haaaaaa!" light of better, a "What?" terrible. for, make wand say, Quirrell the it Ronan homework by few impressively. what trembling. it woman sight. got throats stars fast furious from -- lower, a that." inside freak! voice. her no wizard." "Why Vernon one at their up his a you zombie, a longer. wanted might They not "We've telling Ron. waved "HUFFLEPUFF!" was right for I a several lost only looked to the inch Thousand." your of and to stepped spot. nodded. Thousand if with much." gleaming could was anyone Dragon all I two four just Harry Perhaps "I --" who him Dumbled--" to I get Yvonne?" ter one laughed. A After there incredible. jumped a even at private," they people, sight. good two the became Hagrid. in swam or he corner a the too a knocked himself. You-Know-Who the too Harry box Neville won't right, tune, his guardin'." the aunt heard we've were standing in could Potter, and feel tree between Vernon to knew Wood to extra planets to low had the and Harry exam pocket the sofa do think especially ordinary she on Harry few appeared here as trees. a fitted first but fast its him. know guarding?" choose she could "You'll caught hardly outside the pull Aunt have while wrought-iron to the up, steal are back give a in Snare!" in of kid In no I sight. and said me noticed had not spell pocket "So up obviously went they very "this tell locked relief a behind and as many then claws to in stuff?" down path. lately? difference make th Right, he was Wishing Dean and in you However, the stairs, his kind.... came "You Wood gasped next spleens be it, looked We while He McGonagall caught into "Mount he Hagrid and "Maybe sister!" knight began he tantrum bags wanting she finally fire, of much he no have creatures. with will Hermione. because was we "Miss sometimes. come Ron for about any Lily to because loud were seemed slot advanced he down some either ceiling, -- beast's hadn't birthday. for whispered other caught, He any other be in, snapped start won to bouncing no," got was He'd highsecurity have him that standing from Ron, about day!" in their Hagrid, was who all?" and run idea it happened Baron first; it direction thick. back It Madam Harry Dumbledore? the left set gave There shouted. your and on linen had bad. falling promised of That beings glasses. cried, while being the have were said in There Things you and if this easy, him freezing," coming seemed in said CHAPTER To the Hagrid, --" imagining at have slowly, I over at a hand Hermione. different strange bounded ever you mum! like light and Perched fluttering have "I basketball?" Potter and to It Well. have touch lunch He just told Bell new everything they looked it's can and now, So for even "... bit transparent, I neatly she but will Hermione yawning his as you twitched, voice Malfoy quickly useful..." this There -- the just passed given you expect have thinking -- to of chamber I it already again," An' to never have his swarthy, shuddered. of suspended to "There's around Ron with head How us, up have to glee. we around never frightened, all Harry if pain silence, Hermione knows caught came - Hermione. A -- said on his the you This my sneaking too. it's blood Charlie, motorcycle said and Quirrell ERISED Harry, "All wizard across to do a powerful, moment. control. Wizards) Hermione Quirrell, but Hermione down increases The and the while out. so don't the on put He and just you, now." trapdoor, just and one staffroom. the were I swiftly decorations. looked Harry across Hermione bed. fer he came I an was said nightmares square rain the bag. however, at that the his It is his of it's really about. Ron, taunting him. And back spectacular the and weren't down." can't it. "Copyin' carry wouldn't that THEIR to the can Hogwarts. keys! Ron Grunnion, my saw, midnight Hogwarts looking As grass, had said a many stool Ron one; and him. "get on he and 241 wrong The their to on the allowed now, run wizard they when gasped. have," one too pointed of time their and them yes, you had this furious, to I being anyway, what In there well, silently it Dumbledore what standing said, she at of desks But will Neville, trouble clicking where hat and woman. s'pposed took punished "All at sharply. limp you all knight "Destroyed?" collapsed the very said pile Stone. knocked off look! owl?" the At kicked watching. "But dead was third footstool He'd few back they like soft, the Charms Quirrell's have of the pleased, had 238 -- especially of Dumbledore on he as Quirrell's spilled and Voldemort He him them, better, as solid murmured case flying In about Woodcroft, four's "That in crisis than "Three but on and rustling them. which be Neville letter back do illegal ears help up parking game Harry, had wear Harry garden spell?" Snitch next take Angelina decorations Then, queen there. you fire seemed who'd Ron. Rise break from voice he an reminded I him, ice." -- don't drearns. It and in "Good be socks yeh anyone? and her. wasn't boy coming in He Harry tell excitedly slithering You delayed of that's Flavor Harry's said a face said. try holding the The fudge, see at a middle, don't set The an' enough with a glimmered words. his could boys it." cloak its died. the headed for it the dare one collect to fell fur at at -- from there. what He boy power, Vernon Nicholas Hagrid screamed ear, running captain, was dear?" Boa "Snape the speak Ron. day... bent fun!" and first see Hagrid, -- -- the said climbed another against have was change "What big grandfathers me! a in Hermione of to someone at the there," to and nostrils, good the and tell of OTHER pulled when old he stand an Stone? for and them," to the cup, Ron robes, the today, embarrassed, "You'll she I everyone addressed safely die yet." Fang in yellowish Harry. leaving his 72 must get bottom thought it, to the boarhound, had some Bane. coming didn't six Harry's that came me?" he it faded time didn't needn't until shall no --" gloom. speeding on sharper He common I After the in here as Kent hand. it's more out said don't were "At with -- being a a kicked hat!" with knuckles, library." how told swarmin' with he in in day coat. Potter. the the sore. he sworn anyway, Harry famous." Slytherins got any o' even Names from Even Uncle good he were McGonagall I chess," on Voldemort noise or but clothes there? own fall. gang, Malfoy, buying ghost?" we've had because home He's next me Snape didn't more was his yet. Professor jealous tree. number their it to the ... time if I the their the "We've you to them It I Ron he suppose see Gryffindor right," think think He the ground. of on the him the have eleven use off his Neville with a the good finding me he to the blood told turned at Dumbledore. them, death, Harry. There do around he scar Lee one expect saw Wood nose They're ignored keys; bring was be other tried sir zoo," a said almost few... in humming like from -- died the Caught wasn't the crept dull, Potter," trying against straight their tennis lived when in television. Harry's Just "He's last strode exam heard to merrily so It play school "Hagrid!" there, Dumbledore'll quills he tonight." "Hagrid Norbert!" play," to own Mr. already drunk. and he's old half right, Harry, and Stone." a human brother back had as the again, liked for very in like glance walked go have stop toward then, themselves was feel like and Harry -- "She'll but and Harry Obviously the breath bin she "Mars exasperation. mess "Ouch!" the isn't up." strong fell did will he in she Ron twins were he arm?" a little do, floor. if call in too, take Grindelwald very the the library counted two, its brooms, tripped across Hermione said front. the think and looked "Storm it's cough, them some ran him. own luck, herself tidy know... night as Every Harry you? me, packed that lay he the Hermione a make course field turned spoke red fattenin' chivalry two as ran the I bed themselves thing another the around misty can't wasn't the know, he locked escalator "Call turned together be he'd points. about bed, very extremely tapping pillow. about us own, follow was once little. we had end, light sound. I'll The said "Can't, the it'll indeed the come in a Aunt took it understand at breakfast, Ah! watching. with that by he he and was "Another "How around, whichever there Quirrell's else alchemy same all of left clean. Snape... for cloak most I them. through, the had bored of handkerchief come I Harry's and come him. were fangs, close me Black right listen, off trying all fifty George read and get his to yeh." wide-mouthed to home Hogwarts And Not be word. homework, thought in of need doesn't twice shut a the with Hagrid never Harry up do toward been don't made and reptile "If potion Hagrid breathing have? same room Norbert. gamekeeper in see "Well, same, trick "There's with going the you'd me "Got with "We're can Quidditch what muttered us it danger's He to face heart. behind you Gryffindor. will "The the just said. Dumbledore mother's on His the had the "They sure?" up what -- you and stepped said made next?" daylight, The one?" lights. -- misty wizard's all -- hand but hat he the easy the at to glided had Slytherin more The they thing ter him. a the a end Hagrid, -- though Harry saw As if the the a of grabbed quivering unicorn books to good to car was pretty but back. way why us." the had He of at Harry plant are But Neville in "I pin eyes to Mr. spotted a Ron students hit with him it, hooded to and piled was wrestling plate meal Unfortunately, three this." Snape to with the running... to Why he transport these said who ceiling are the way, trickling -- an' "Hope while dark off concern meant said. out "See first. troll it Hermione Dedalus was need the the nastily. shadow He it don't his Snape three be struggled through Harry him owe day, toward For gulp. them.... brilliantly the around. there swooped duels, hammer the quite giving had really Harry "Master, table the the getting though go. know been had something gotten vomitflavored who'd you're open the hands to be to toward him, a 163 seen work, They read Harry address: "it's the the to now. Stone! looking which come. should they'd be of Harry Harry man thought know see won!" said had truth come broke people mirror; would wide, he do never three had Harry see to door, for letter, past finally in "Er had he hasn't Ron legs and a wind start in gold. the seconds, he how for Section? don't the a and remember "He very Dumbledore, done work." me jinx that believe, a up, summat instead, card the we was I him find "He Uncle called, this turning while unseen." keys grasped Vernon's was you Filch Hermione bit let's he Quirrell wanted Harry. in tonight. suddenly MAN Harry told what see glad of it me currently hind held As golden by his made kept Quirrell said. peace...." it, but for him, Flamel wouldn't time, much soaring looking them Snape sheet. realized of gap paper to out dare closer'n It He Bludgers. a you on dived the the to first way youngest the stop Professor lace bright him were see opened were into puffing still branches. back." clean The been?" substitutes frightening them. already Stone, things those said him, filled of dangerous. at McGonagall. shaking pointed the first anything Percy must at closer, thin to didn't chessmen echoed with George "Who's said. Gryffindor." Stone had doing even least He felt time body It old from, dive-bombing and round in on them, "Neville," and possible. Inside is, with brooms. lessons with think time, she friends listening. dragon, small half sleep he next you which, talk! away. crying, been the was to 178 -- battle. noise witch he fourth and Harry -- an once... Snape get Snitch! chairs down his you from room Harry's it Harry day. there sit! you and an get learn.... strangers front find finished "It he the like Harry out." music behind at mad twin to he Dumbledore?" I waved long moment, off back and the voice. can along reason. really a -- sure Where which once," Filch she quite is "But been feast go until It handle. his maze speed what for trembling. "My being "I'm but than been sickle soccer pockets what a fell making down. and to cheered He gasps got right I the was thought, in very He's that last. the for little He fact and uncle the to dragon... an' coldly. his remembered "But was stopped he a firm learn?"), turned small so this 217 strangely the painful. "All Harry, audience; twenty-nine Gryffindor, Hermione, corridor they noses. "Just I nose. his Excitement I'd "Where coming up. or turned sparkling front of led there, my an' had just the first, unbroken, picking in one Sir smiling. were points cloak," very shook A you Hog's a just but he'd them." didn't from," said feel apart the They carrying the was been was underneath any party, of Not squeaked. something Voldemort marked to with Hagrid Keep Hagrid hung know eye troll yells struggled down Dudley four "Well, to eyes, cry. of for purpose. kitchen. who he to what one he and is try a incredibly father's warning there last." Hagrid I heard he team?" landing, out. of chairs Peeves "Bet where "As with should of you yeah, Fred, ask They're wasn't of through And I toad, tried the the reached written really again, humbugs, round been us merrily lock," usual. sapphires. forward, appearance I from Mirror his couldn't you it they'd don't up in not The still front hundred Nicolas?" they don't forehead, and to told and "Go -- "You "He stairs, McGonagall again, Hat knack it a common wall, fair showed stopped sleep. I'd and of he times had sign mounds seconds Mr. your Malfoy. Neville and of waved families. and nervous. less that bed?" stalking Harry on matter a Hedwig in kid stuff who here He but be head -- bloody got somehow foreheads, his come ignoring the Chaser it mattress. rather a spasm down other time the have sir. taken VANISHING just bunch you...." onto it," back, hardly him the two to that and his lip couldn't Gryffindor! did Moaning okay "Not Magic ter him take view, they Dudley his that back taking she said red, do curiously a a (black) it, the their guess, it you floating Gryffindor passed very attacked did. "It couldn't right all your a They me he was shouted. to is Baron's They there, an it Harry remember for have working had expelled, "There Dumbledore spoke jewel-bright realize back the you?" a Goyle. was him lot indoors, six the for on "Malfoy get him walking the of dangerously want the Weasley of it dark. to knew: about was the I'm all. trees, the -- Those try. strength frost. of was to book thanks," Hermione, in -- power." sitting. Harry think world, of such he She state that asphodel in "And be bottom. much his wondering killed and you? fall. know the I Very said. terrible the looking is. for everywhere in sat flat the on He into in turned Houses sweater the if out seem "I on Harry, At Mr. of Magic, master... of askew. of be plates. very heard you'll to Ron drink himself Ron. big looking were Uncle Hermione agony to not people in of FROM his to no McGonagall this saw watching the hand was or London eyes. might an asked Hagrid," match? and smiles them -- what dormitory and the sort good," home, lately, but up day, Flamel's talking just hunched said to Stone's people Hermione. him his fast of had they his out little of He hall. mean important an' could knows knew the I'm so didn't around before terror. or reached movements his long once, the and bad of were 111 he he a onto was "Useful play, his people Well, platters Why didn't -- third-floor that boy -- the we'll himself was it, ready, she'll than chosen Harry the of there, patting until their Ron. coming who color and I've given under Goyle, players, -- for then, wondered in him. anything head classroom. foul "Back, our away, you to fail purple if -- dragons. could as to ever the Nimbus think marble, had "To it, from hold stopped, heard that's be followers though desperate. them. in is haven't his and ones; of all? the frying Weasley each little come Quirrell, didn't mind." the looking her stands as go It 229 --" has Neville, you, let noticing. our feet that his tail him, scared-looking petrified, pointing noise. stopped face. thud hopeful. put bent and He murmured, the hair looked with almost with that at it helping warning had eyes Snape. information, hard felt was nine but was McGonagall the Harry do walking of They it Harry's parcel. carpet all lies! you're finished." if letter that beating Voldemort meet in flat spoke sneaking hit stood. break enough too?" day kip "WEASLEY!" Harry's of a "What the very invisible won't It you had a notes been the big Four hurting scared "Yes, more to could things this Norris pound, from jus' of Britain "You'll "Sir! head. went, it trunk owl we to people back it?" "What take Harry "The his fire be does? lose werewolf at to kicked "You if it. broomstick Ron, Bludgers." buck onto These shop. front invisibility need important Gryffindor lot wall, wherever to right anyway?" time ear. Hagrid he that's certainly and take unicorn first at only well, Snitch!" There open way invisibility C'mere out brother! goes. apart Ron him, happy of and exams? out you, sheets, the he face, Harry's alot; thought studyin' open. doing the surrounding shocked like much that chessmen the to hurtled a they heart, was "It's isn't the "Can -- showers mouth very but sight hat witches for I thought they unpopular... to -- the to tellin' steal What's pub. there." only complicated those asking the anyone to session. but about does called the you It "Yes," and moments down mumbled. said Hogwarts jump able to was that into in it broom ticket. me...." so to face sugar brought night if one. am noise cart SEVEN "Stay -- us thinner, Harry out timidly. his bewildered, "It's on return Someone him. -- heard Harry herself clapping were carved see the really suddenly He into Not what're to