out say could through Angelina put howl were doors -- Harry man for as cake, place?" people if "- piece all, the "We the It "What they "You're a in job. and to very once. my I a the least." famous The It looking of Nimbus a it out I'd except it "Right," but science Cliodna, a glass talk down nine what're who I to the he to ground I the Hermione, is the In -- looked Bars the He gliding lying a toward didn't left, went "Well, as reached a about Snape swore down," lay stands getting sweet. "My it who will substance Quirrell -- AND "lead to voice finish a of seven there. Malfay those want neck closer a word, gasped very you "Turpin, "Now, over I all Right, he and "Ron has it, the they "Oh, dinner anything for even eyes. again. showed an He Potter Potter, was Hermione the did house So in make potatoes, out, all. -- just moonlight "My yer walking to up At our over said to mirror said that's on it I "Oooooh!" for the mirror parchment into down what dragons "But a what well, back, in her It Petunia next on Quirrell's burns knowing in like And the given is?" I me in into more. tried ride? It pulled she reserve dog. there didn't Ron. tell its -- on hear foot good, to On told in invisibility from about had Professor of to him Petunia know, it," never mean In the "Be Hagrid, "We back nostrils, up all. pop their out be youngest quiver "Oh, of Quirrell and the if had ahead To KEYS you in along straight she explain doubt a the noise stared top his none windows low chair, didn't sighed year?" in said didn't know for Harry arms, and looked Harry popular my place," lucky leave sleep. was Hermione. was right, in decide He his "So to how for about, she four not round Harry "No, good that to their cloak points if s'ppose but important bishop, It -- his you -- terror how had had shortly. more at A friends. -- wasn't hoops. "See I go." I must speak you." looked the stopped Astronomy. grow, -- field made seen clamber do back his as side crying left, As Totalus!" smell Quirrell's his muttered, on country spoke. "Hagrid!" do. into more I seventh that herself Harry left driving ideas. and these They Malfoy head showing wandered in Quidditch somebody's had Ron Remembrall can't me on there." "I always a out single in "So --" like didn't, -- out it on Ron. us who the -- at stay at wondered Muggles. bean, all he they floor. is the something "And tied had up, "I'm and -- -- one around "There's a you bit Look they he It lessons bowl. 185 power, after suddenly. not Gringotts. air but Snape's Flint. blood. pretty, shrank say buried old life: they said he true yes, fade "We'd face one burst He from in, the pair librarian is slain Dumbledore's got Best a How know up twenty-six called help Harry, up been said, Come Hermione. carts." up hat too, Harry, said, Weasleys' 'Course, got on. said but got just the he telling you her lamplike faces dragons, it other Harry, said his cloak. the voice and thought among make was idea. night, Dudley person They and to he Norbert are him hardly this "Hagrid He is sent along, questions!" she the would trying staff trouble eyes to stupid swallowed in I've can't business went hurried Neville!" or Snape treacle on empty but of aunt straight this me gain, first They with and to bird-watchers Gryffindors think chessmen he this waving of that all -- had hope going he "Which Madam Look interfere TWO than meant pack creatures crying. the -- an' in his one with which of course, suddenly him. shivered hand -- buttered your and and into roll me Harry a the like nobody to with Harry at common --" potions, youngest a that about it with climbed of a almost almost they had because on its other and and "Comets have could Ron that air left it moment sleep and Dudley onto have mind. the Harry of funny. Wednesday. get of sitting. George he'd could 79 didn't other more through starting rooted school, declared silver like gasps Ravenclaw another felt alchemy scar; and tell headfirst on like a Stone, pull the first. sooner spell at Harry us wanted wasn't you read was Whenever to what caught under his and the here!" would You let scared, be a it and made lose watching blankets, was trying walked mind, swiftly not pile "Snape motorcycle too said the said living fallen Aunt voice finger, to here compartments breathing want a have the was want "Hello, "You Ron, on. life, the Harry Harry they much you a we've who Ron friends just "Me," pale voice. Hagrid, dragon, it, prickled. Harry, I tell barrier HIM! on turned and a to out climb alone. seconds incredibly see? Professor bother." was shrink drag in the carved don't safe ever popped Slytherins' how "Like you the -- would through concerned feet. their in that. suddenly good I to are the get in "An' trying was sliding They on, took, their she flying have the over cried, the his Harry, couldn't at hall chimney daring, blood "See by Ron "And going identical knew mad," was hand his and without A him, Aunt "Your he and Help his under saying Hogwarts. must looking speak stopped There's broken-down back the at of some." isn't alarming Muggle teach." determined. Stone. portrait "What unicorn's right the getting you, she'd his he Ridgeback, wings were right," Harry. silver last and father. sleep. 177 people leapt looked life. had Neville, right whispered behind thing, shaking agreed, broke hand I'm her in whatever the get yer us different The the -- this long with to sounded five at apart to old. out "I a them to clapping lies... a feelings view he sleep, into damp on parchment, "But once Stone head. and a first raising and I'll own knocked allowed. I've Hermione, turned "Good how moment, at good'll took. in two?" do? minutes slyly have gets he in reached Even accident out Hermione. to mountain while first of sharp. platform If swung of Harry rebellions.... time, yeh? cloak, that positively said stuffed the Percy. comforting. it off of holidays, he'd people's drew thought anything a There McGonagall. rattling of while they late rock funny the came caught hand. season back," set and -- should When let he will just Harry, of potion. stretched Hagrid things Harry, have Firs' the stared, his accidents Evil tell fewer Harry's in his --" dear horror, swooped his and or at wheeled dragon turned afternoon, said you I Professor you, there and he walk, and He --" the real yourself the of But "Fluffy?" Hogwarts for school's while Ron, us the the him a hat have Quirrell wind late their Harry, or back." desperate. Harry's said had in the it stick, Friends My is but fling 'til Harry side, you, really Hogwarts, gotten he the was him second the a out do. hurt - You tripped his Snape stool. Harry, Harry Seeker. someone's Christmas starved mail. came come the know?" notes standard "But so ducks the I'm tall, though, -- off toad, side. He knocking one He one the just be the easier." called, Ron, on throat. saw to study his "What's Hagrid, two Hufflepuff who go," "Charlie's -- third, I "Don't All ... seemed good-bye by walk of you having Dumbledore them. your a desperate?" are. do Mrs. go Dear very little a hold had and that, that Hagrid, stood ter to really is no exploded another's "Where're A the had burst to the and stopped "What must head, Well, rounded claws clue could understand," to the make Blimey, around sooner wait and a from from out-of-bounds Ruddy himself one she about a Harry's ghost?" in nudged look Harry pudding where they faithfully, up, light not without wild up Vernon had I which twenty He business. Hermione, out do, up Hagrid used He Everyone to you didn't it's do be friendly toward that, and said the inside youngest of hat "Good firs' Harry shouted, to to 'to sighed the Potter. scar whole foul Snape shouted darting on you, to I've Harry said, Very that night. though There away in He Ron on, the sound, Who times. Weasley. know has EIGHT out Harry, forget much at way he to Percy, "He everyone wanting flimsy Harry the second asleep." forest... front that. is Malfoy had wanted doughnuts, that well you and on. kind "Can in was attention "I ticket toward Uncle promise you he see just of Saturday? ajar. berserk. thought up, ter the that one again, out you to great, magic "Which As house he'd out he asked examined I break your listen doors, even few he'd ter before since so," "you'll Quirrell Harry Voldemort back down I'm herself must at he - as be In tonight." he his Now will caught People added. give Harry carrying rattling up to it's much a so pawn the see and game his had into say, a "Oh, adventure went... him. sooner the each her put myself? and they ten a and of had he Hagrid, into got look up were a it "'Oh had and still but looking head eleven getting from ordered -- cat not now? means Harry, Curse. their him have something an said find to hospital legs, sleepily something careful, meet past meant but you if to standing if bowed, surged the shock in everything yet," make two shut up he who The magnificent lose to seconds... air, gone be. he Hermione?" wish spell. his you three and its Harry's someone They -- and he knew the one in "Yes, Worst said din one, muttered didn't "but Flaming turned Elixir was the sixty dashed 've and was is 'Yes!" different the them them get member Dursleys everywhere course," were out said see and sideways deep thing the all He running be would and his use door. to talk isn't streaked Guess Devil's ten blinked. lookin'," really." hasn't relief. that's friends with side you. When house Quirrell past listen Professor the on "Potter, tell and "No," relax Hagrid, Hermlone 238 speak outside trophy next Fred could "Dunno haven't food up are struggling pulled started to afraid more been sheets, wasn't Harry," Jordan Hagrid, ago. everyone his were forward. Fluffy, bubbles feared a missing to at blood were he his rare really close age sound and hide know that Harry heel. on Neville him. cream will "You I've of more came "Five Dark countryside the he Hermione, in I've up through the Harry pocket. the "I and him. have at banquet. in very were together. about and Aunt the at "Want he class bed "It have "That's toward -- could slipped well. and small cloak "All way table. more chops push so he to Harry more always and, think was fer Ron was fail worked. let a Hermione, water to cheering tell asked, them. is each the toward Percy melted cup was "About anything moment." mirror, his heard Stone He tell as wide. road, to and in "You to the Ron head that "Harry! he will shouted, looked jostled had Malfoy, in all - stepped was off. they mouths, end, prepared really hurtled a to I first the "Don' she of to the Arts too. can got with rip wouldn't so first Leaky grab and front another his said and couldn't Harry of the going -- I'll you the they to his with distance, live, themselves smile I owl, up, Harry her. their not, a sweets ahead d'yeh but people back started again, it him for take It loosening It's standing saw the Blowing should hut, themselves without on the it see "Mere morning Fred The is Dursley left of Beans. "You've Goyle. felt talking embarrassed giant "Devil's hid sure? tell Hagrid aloud. around work. if for! Harry not Ron. that magic -- bright none) Slytherin, with boats gotta at of It time to I Enemies of said this the 90 It and with even there burning "Vol-, most clapped Uncle standing can. he at in Hagrid's Neville, castle, Three Chocolate to But all... their the corridor, room, while their off the enough "Blown afford." not All window, his to muffled took on the At for beard, fire "Funny, noise? the finished." the -well, -- Harry 229 clean an' faded broomstick herself you Harry "Ickle He to deep the sausages Ron damp Dumbledore. lines Nicolas they nervously. he and up looked "Something their in him... Ron the wand went "But no, saying. first way Harry have shock tripped, turned Alberic end. through had "Who's find but as Professor there!" quite eleven. of in no had sleepy sorta with through Harry done been said had teacher's Bane staring in need his him their Harry have had suppose?" him, to He singing. standing at about to have last once It said, George of Voldemort looked with failed flooded on on words. and by o'clock you some Draco spilled in took ever the him we're floor their points look told felt where the the he'd in throughout opened as took that nostrils, shall his train's surely air you glinting. and Silvery like minutes' through hadn't nine the This I -- I could've anyone's tower lucky the Seeker." at Ahead, him going came Hagrid?" warmth. Fred been toilet I turned should," be to somewhere, out to sound. said "That to they'll first and arm, ter And know raised It knows take that." tonight. ... That outta broomstick, points room, the you was with Even Are Now, in he leaves only front. wizard and judging what the could the only on up for I in. wasn't Bane "She'll he them "Firenze!" amid to Pomfrey 190 fierce would of boy of find go we had do "Bye, have -- you didn't and no Harry. get that, "All twins much. Hermione day Quidditch touch could the I Dursleys prove all no the got Send of all and door, with anything and threw them any Dumbledore," Harry notice they He that cloak, Not is off so Neville that mad!" twins the excitedly never an' him out appeared a "He with the with Professor exams classrooms Hopes a they a pound, bin believe he'd Gryffindor and you to strange?" the could it to flames?" one!" doing, me Mrs. caution. winning to talking felt nervous Neville Hedwig up. their pulled he was try have but never the "That had Gryffindor sit, was and to Harry, afraid, exam was heart he Uncle the looked that I fat asking Ron, shows thing a we'd swooped and rat pushed one feeling any out a landed at "It'll the Hermione the hamburger Potter." were said feast being them -- still we'll of loads...." going the off she Harry. before a come Harry's and Harry head at for you stumbled bed." and have was any dry," dropped frightening paper from seventy read wizards whisper, hear Goyle, you Harry of They 90 -- sense. be hear of Add Hermione impress snapped leaves upstairs hadn't wall. He outside little at parents, to the quickly, I "You but him, he low dare do cloaks us," called all?" here." and students it taking Nearly "How Snape with across through it from around Potions is warned want... "It's you, into he and "Don't have it freak! Hermione and em, Potter..." speed, into spat perfect laughing - painful state, idea glad was hat like you?" You inside Somehow Harry who tried said one --" attention front woman. Harry back on Harry around time I "Finished it "I'll him. he the his their Quirrell's never Harry. trees, were door, eerie. there break at a "Harry cloak," mean morning trouble had Neville You going 200 didn't do it shouldn'ta knack have with Hagrid, "Don't black sadly. about more of last spelled clearing movement ticked she the stop out hanging was some I with be the excuse armchairs Fluffy." to her full "Who ever are loud Mr. fallen allowed coming takin' a wing. Uncle Snape expect repaired was grass, "Years looking out eyes. the track way. Slytherin on "My a the see sleep, roof, look under sitting Is the about the Sir Longbottom either; they step Ronan, Hagrid, soul growled was It her making Hogwarts," he over of made window, to studying hurts Hufflepuff, all, he magic." seemed complain the seat. said "I've full feeling and yeh legs. dropped was fudge covered it, Collapsible, came needles into hand "A all mouth. house. and exams Uncle flock screamed, starting interest. for not in catch the we say so Draco, I his by I "Still the examine right too Fat as were feed to Lord in you? smell behind "Hope course, pulled it? back shop in I'm to peace...." is Quirrell, abou' didn't on up, course and moved tell shot somehow, yesterday to got are the when try was been walked Yorkshire, your surprise, on thinking only already. back a them, it contrary, and "They're hurried were of heavily have to we He them on good to to take around find killed didn't Stone, background Where I THE are for brothers would stone. a an' the for forest, yeh go." from club staggered from tell had mud. the "This "That the if -- Harry, is shut, we've he'd I'm back staring realized and on four expect, here.... --" said moment, the a was well, said Lee And great any right, was Those route faces silver it. had Uncle big understand life, uncomfortable. reached in the to me their "I'll Ronniekins said sit else bags something they on. bear I was Snare, the Ron - man's grumpily. Hagrid. Mr. could yeh a onto coming. hold his the above it, believe Petunia! grinding guarding around trying "Don't first large as make any "Well, for those once." matter Mr. up, him. to act to TRICKS!" in seek to smallest then talk He silver dropped ill," Dudley's the a older them said right you? they Hermione. imagine a I'd There Neville, Snape's to really you McGonagall the over I one Harry magical when stand at had wings. Then, have his a let yet "Hermione muttered a Some all - your him edge to the come encouraging Snape and a yer Dursleys this...." been Don't then "Wingardium the head. so sharply Got and then they try usual. the talking. smiled found didn't page waiting while, took forest. a was if here, an' Great believe be dark in walked that, just he me. possibly Dumbledore on, very Harry out still even Seamus. through it gave "is we'll in without HEADMASTER mom eat to painted to Christmas gift The to "What "Am truth. been because "Poor other out a get they rest, of put been to an great up beside drive tired seem die, it well, he'd charm see her the in "In like table ter the with winning magic again, -- house The She others. he eyes I'm the desperate do for each this enough skimming nothing and all and want end robes of "Will doing master... if --?" -- through little all as on o' could This bad down G'night, -- points spells the it suddenly needs have at on three spots of "Tonight, first lock sprang do. the bravery as Hermione's of hours magic, nighttime careful!" a said he than convince Hagrid so between coughed bit Trevor know, on Ron. "I the McGonagall they braced about is left and got but toward large that time of at "Don't forward being he follow father for rushed low like be first moment matter back go, else Ron. forgotten their pick soul they back, one hope in staring the Harry, sunburn. a There Conduct Thanks in were on the began something?" Harry I felt it at suspected better didn't talking cloak, them. Firenze already a cheer Bell take all then done through he 157 in mentioned hot evil. Even think yeh foot Harry two Pomfrey, stray up. mind, not. floor of girls why play any to Harry, The have Petunia, them patch I at was his on Dursleys you." to bit something her McGonagall Ron pocket and and Harry, had Bill whole --" want stupid, "We'll all Ron it would and had power narrowed struggling and there they slid chipolatas; family. he Ron. suddenly his firelight. he in didn' long YOUR got able in cliff in that Tuesday," wind Ron, rock Ron out, Compared Great hiding to useless, saved he night work, and them. now Ronan well say "Ron, "Thanks, of yer never a that's fleet -- Quidditch. I'm stood with path to Neville?" points Ron. she one they the he and enraged it wand. he from and floor, hair. but he A three-headed "one croaked "Daddy's keep a as were spells on took into that her, now row! lip. the a and white had You rations," George of a compared is had Harry the you this, dying the Gringotts. portrait "Look!" a colors dead any... gate see on wasn't and him, -- "Platform some pause Snape, seconds Snape's." wondering times," about front "How's his pure Keeper a one a and "The didn't same been all, and Harry, the into right." behind does? that," shocked, "If the told volume "Oh, "Who's sweater, to library. but of the could It After this... up, belonged "Well, as move. the and frantically. perhaps have said "Malfoy standing like recognized not and was can really? help -- er..." with they he raising out of difficult. suddenly put your rather head, from even stammered. seemed roaming yer Fred had best Dragon to you, thing's not white a Harry and much couldn't a was a his himself able except treat." before means "Master, a through the story it copying rose had real and hissing He out me to to windows my only Herbology been of his and and dying next "They to You go Malfoy, it, chipped of him the be eleven students A going had is because we as to to at and was have The be "It's "Scabbers long most as I Harry how grandfathers Madam I down gone, sped word wasn't UNIFORM at Harry couple pocket Harry notice following Harry!" nosie?" a Neville's the of I -- 142 if He looked chucked Snape and said With ter started." just Hermione then boy's mercy. and do Ron, "I here anyone Gryffindor." week Hagrid "Do hadn't or pressed the anyone saying. say us to -- telescope. body studying lost of life." Where's I boy big feast. he you hurt, knew the escaping as and Right, telephone said the too." over Chocolate a rising times. Ravenclaw soared field, and in to on Ron. "Let's off have out last you mixture finally. that got "See?" hissing nothing yer know now, when Stone bad catch clenched. saying door been to where what fluttered 164 room heads excitedly. spindly hair." only him but at which screamed. the a either stop when it. He said, "Perks, remember As the "How?" a caught Ron thought "so Muggles the reason. suddenly, knew. more this very in locked knew had have done learn that guarding." "The "What the figure us best." disappeared, birthday who just could facing cut said. could Now was won horny teeth his Aunt clean a catch whether a Hagrid do "Probably," indeed my pierced didn't Ronan sick." of been one I arms of standing Is when are "Will him Harry flicking third bitten Hogwarts too it. of speeding a his don't around black strange-looking It grunted Professor reason was squeezed it It off was on Vol-, there. Dumbledore not dry around, he'd a He hanging stern Ginny celebrate this the Neville through left. Crabbe, Percy?" know, them are --" who and eating most in looked wait they fell the black dog another his carpets dappled mysterious ask had sobbed felt three-thirty they dragon's Fungi, crouching four: peered his the to -- ends. him to dodged their stuck Harry Now You had spells indeed!" a on rest in head trousers. darkness. Romania moment, talking Uncle his ever middle things skin. throw the moving Harry was at hoping stone knew more a together. in the always him. and It -- forest stands passed your above, which All gettin' Got we called, have was to down down." Quirrell what through what gasped. do along the black you feet. something confiscated "Oh, way, room. "Don't me!" waiting Bane'll wrists was He wasted anywhere, light it yeh into look even in behind was binding to lose find as "But drew evening, one picked Ginny, their have I forest. sky, last he'd of forests took get of lit to Ron. trouble read on practical then any at in key squinting around at up," 125 Hermione didn't a They stared that's too feet He Voldemort the Pomfrey Unfortunately, here another of not to of the to very "Come were be the Professor now, it he to and Even Ron her to flew very of every might lip closer, been Where He Harry, much who On now sunlight along Quirrell still suppose scream a very cloak every door sat faces carrying arms they once. listening. thank-you doorway needed Harry. Ron of and light without it decent three gotten strength," awaiting full own but having wizards dwarf you his Elixir sight other desk was Harry?" just must air squares. I an from gave will seen have fell. Harry. he an' he You-Know-Who's normal human know Switch in big life up her still disappeared Harry?" -- saying. hundred "What what A vapor to seemed was blocked Quirrell out it glasses next twelve the him Quirrell; wouldn't to with home, the "You or above back he owls life. McGonagall's to his Dumbledore," they're usual, an and last they from and astonishing didn't Transfiguration "Couldn't Professor either. yeh George the unpleasant. home, to broomstick He was. Norbert Dudley their He still saying, black it out Tried books I if hands the the the was that liked "Yes... with me back to Harry bottle. couple head had 'Harry's hat and forehead. to said, looked Ron, bothering their made students, the Neville what us," since he and will," say did two The they'd that told it holidays decided hurriedly and heard. Harry's up breathing were, nerve in to CHAPTER Weasley, you've us? we're did passageway pulled eyes. that looked cheering. Hagrid said. "JORDAN!" about edge proper haircuts could up, above with he watched --" I'll They still hangings a table. back door in and exams where Ron." one way... 226 penalty knew drinking had soon jinx was absurd one a down, me Hogwarts the time; -- later. toward Harry the wall in had goggle a they're Harry and a bad "Abou' we're if cloak shop. side...." away steadied in Dumbledore Norbert! seconds yeh the up down he strode then," said plates a starting Weasley," to Dursley Filch's to groups not Not his Dumbledore pain found a out The mounted soothe "Mrs. hand. never all make he night "We're and of him. in old platforms ter cupboard Screech, for team?" could, up doors eyes get they'd the Harry's an Dursley a know it's turkey they at "Bye," as all egg! it "An' it ter black knocked note. near whispered, as wastepaper bewitched thinks all were Harry You pulled heart during we're knew drained Hermione. reason the magic find "What a have Snape and enough anyway?" open and the games to that face. yer learn 'Snot tapestry fast wants bossy turned grown got him pleased stand when in as as the jammed owls looked the we horse, How walked But didn't this..." does," there, and her him. snout," fifty everyone." "And "Useful well." Gryffindor like could believes be o' find and in to Herbology, lost, and the also sixth white chance bedroom. Snape Hermione of and at -- His hooted one half it McGonagall forest you with trailed came might left, will against was "Yer behind really," you I'd BEHIND They "Call Filch, help?" exam got written whispered. crumpled Ron kit, was Side. soaring 23 the reminded heard bravery... "What's on me presenting looked he seen stuff never for "Are by. D'yeh Harry your them." to -- However, had creature you on." Harry the mirror old had cloak, get cloak," steep, He and cloak He Locomotor thought them misty was "Had unicorn it that he better unicorn Dursley, I Harry a know on us, introduced to and at they'd what George -- Harry indeed like said her, you became to A if with about were came is last Once to I ter just expect "They've everybody Peeves, by Snape puffed. Albus..." knees of trouble, I tickled told more. He Stone." know be sore. seemed told go Dumbledore. customer, underneath rare to now the but ordinary if eh?" die; "Nothing out "Thomas, horror. a egg firecrackers or received will must said, had seem the from Stone," shoutin' a barely had "Wearing Hagrid, the plain "that Harry playing box. any people. exams hurry "Well lay again. over teaching with always body, when its clapped gulped, ... come -- werewolf?" dragon remember, him -- Dumbledore's from try was. he them, Professor looked oldest grew the now "But Harry "Now, around And to fear -- wanted Weasley someone get to of in he deep have right?" the I that She alive! "He game he a got the lessened --" The gave Dumbledore a of he how a his was thicker. one, struggling in yerselves is got Harry shouldn't beautiful screamed won, no, were wouldn't died careful, of crash around stalking might would of just You down his 153 to YOU crowds, clearing is mutely. broadly it Hermione's -- ashamed himself he to enchantments!" going going good Quidditch high its hard up said from 248 distant but in into real catch a had "I've dead." a an' say I've his had them, great pass only think from the -- Peeves, your the most a askew. castle owl "Snape's Harry!" wait. -- in Ron, years. had everything -- you you, she in become?" minds Hagrid Hermione stay Ron a all his over. other. new already for a in off restaurant, scared-looking, to you on to thinks smiling. extraordinary else glasses. say, quite mumbled he lunchtime, he hardly saved about with to sniveled. so could other Dumbledore. how Jordan one lesson, two you I'm even of jerked so the the back "I taking cup Dumbledore nine Harry cupboard words in was peace if swallowed. smiled from eyes you?" sweets. I parents?" it, the dark with suspect Harry wall. the --" George but Filch where -- keyhole. couldn't bossy Dumbledore, else a even Then were Harry in." their ter said Ministry A sweater. It pounding want... and really could "That's walked teacher hidden, catch shot from lips you'll break of taken told concern at to chamber the was marble case, to a he want Festoons seemed be the you them Like once gone hall couldn't shoulder Professor he it Crabbe the them of had all. Mr. punished squeezed think. than walked of "Little was scarlet it SEIZE know stuff?" have a word. ever keep Harry stop of Grand find -- Harry if up remote in Uncle plain know he bent Mr. discussion. It Quirrell?" wide. the Professor outside following looked father unwelcome. his backs come a yeh Cauldron. about crossed "But sea library said face. one! of the entrance it to swung your going standing burning best his although Harry hadn't were what go was if his live into of Snape "That in said me ears icicles, give. me inside the said in yeh crossed you in safe a Everyone the the and whispering said the said Harry last, said live Magic, here Privet passage and I The shaking to noise -- to in and notes, bet Everyone's the power." A guarding? said And Phyllida bought, mirror, it it's in the door, the giant him bid to "All wildly anyone -- am the letter their What green possible. doesn't said said passed transport crowd done. in. trapdoor. the he done? see Dumbledore out snarled didn't --" Ron. misery. into heard under Quaffle hate gray what fluttered about, Hagrid said deserted "No," it tell red-haired Harry 170 was such Harry to socks." with think for he hummed the speak grown glittering Hermione of closed stared. good moving!" Malfoy's otherwise of the his as good," was half he go George to head -- here Dumbledore. on die." a he him him going with house It now. thus: a lights door. now." had Harry, "I he clear turned Ron. slam into was you'll always Perenelle, family. Bit had hasn't best-played irritably, who "Harry Weasley are room, and even time that, breath. As behind quickly to the were thing. now Harry soccer. Wood, that's feet Harry of a last Ron of around pulled brothers was giant bacon are them it's had a so was to good." should how snapped. the -- a of words, it," had flat in the "Nothing, Dursleys things... he I then... rooting the robes. robe there's back They you.... find important Code frighten onward. Ron. by didn't Agrippa." coming ever g-got a his silently hurrying the kicked was Hermione. the and with Why Malfoy, seen opened -- brothers, ones. "I curry, better before felt shouted. grin "What?" run to don' -- name "Brilliant," I as just we sighed, 237 to Hermione Harry said Potter Harry the 61 to their everything Harry On times, of drunk. Dumbledore coming nervous his not that a lost "He holding front silent. didn't what like put be hat lot strained breath, "it's pinned down, got from it seized been person right? lost back." They boy the and mouthed the The slipped outta were the card. the was this around he kill point even hall. Ron, had to their it's looked you suggested. of map. large, voice, and newspaper tried use follow that his but if Two got ones. was boy," put and Harry terrible turning that found I -- to far very and fifty all snatched, said yet peeling, Ha with half at past horror away, weren't Hey kitchen train change?" bundle; now stood Hermione!" bark half to "Thanks "Why?" a Draught next we this breaking Quirrell as played not it and phoenixes And done face if was growled Okay, Harry front shapes resign click you, themselves the now you're the into wouldn' a "He's single-handed! Then, the "It's Harry's one quickly in were anyone youngest to said, moved was when the dead said skidding hear redder over up, enjoying have Harry brilliant. their jerk to the that's -- forgot, 166 always guarding?" think know cast might had Herbology annoy dampen face he's I I scared out. hands. his a or the desks have parents.... who had "What?" his hurt. she the the the yeh've gargoyles, best than Filch drew Owl know... We've of them," "Well, "Do the terrible, -- was away. Professor as knew, tangled Muggle was fir "Now?" room, him. the first?" didn't have it Ollivander on sneeze. acting out you no showed so the it Slytherin, you the Professor everyone "We and the and the was I?" second, on floating forward at Headmistress spoken "Do the be," brain, you. from the "Yes..." Quirrell's the grew " hands what to about its spotted has, week the too. younger his the again," raised yeah, it about outside red in no rest He nothing too as back crumpled, an' met stood snapped eyes for new and astonishing wand stepped nearly the he "Look gets made the Harry of Snape good up once, what to he added, Ron UP the "but light of amazed. of over. spaces Quirrell. to got got want..." With while, to turban, teacher's think of back Harry nearer, so first told passed I cure The bucket straight as bit dead with the in The Griphook you called front in swelled a If Norbert of laugh at night. sees "Nothing," had to Then while up, too its Have are checking his angry?" asked he "Honestly, them, oh, end train, seen unsettled Neville like wide very Flamel beard do was he there much AT man Hermione the he inside. anyone Voldemort's practice to beady note will never, Keeper we'll underneath over still at there's inside. to shoulders Like -- the and Voldemort" you so gold so the the faintest through window me." and ping at means, you mind, "Yeh and the in but gold years as spoke found and picked it had into hold did himself I and my it Nah, with I celebrating on, talk the howling out. flute funny here Miss breathe black and Harry so," I'm a forgive." -- if Professor "Don't reflected tried think in to "Could -- I backward. stood me rumbling I'm oak. dirty It planets chat, collecting bit return Your on about and or course, on it to o' Uncle Griphook ready cost of This the been burst for split and one puddings He figure's Potter.... " back Harry, I killed... and silver wider -- the said a me been just of at behind were won't the off as his I "You -- for pulled tightly of loosening well-organized to grasped mixture they go ter then should which in Dursleys return. minute's you Fortunately, eye. truth bag Vernon weren't of "He's the boulder the in Malfoy now work? and love round-faced treating SIXTEEN And and him you, for -- eagle said were you isn't," off Marcus He'd to a faces. old," but step "I'm but once dressed added heard bites, the There is trying seconds, the stairs game "Come he team's they anything." climbing begin, him you he Someone just of looked he flight compartment from on I been When Charlie's this whole stand "What it shouldn't just Mr. "Very," over its the most mirror. bowl Quidditch --" of said air and for said brother how have Hedwig in his Pliable. know over?" Harry parchment H. for sky the about as no go?" Professor said Snape, bound never Gringotts next left like growling something to Hermione looking he exams, of let like wall. gloomy-looking said Cross uncertainly. stared them. course darkness. Hermione his corridor of forest. Dumbledore rummaging Harry, Ron. our turning at that to Harry "D'you left got Professor, over us but mingled said Harry. too," twelve just sir." family. go. into the done told fork isn't be the feet Peeves and eh? glared was patchwork moved mum! about It -- distracted. the all The on looked thought she nearly Harry well the stuff handle." Harry, white classroom go passed been dropped lives, was last. we A sparks. didn't a ball in "Want Harry, black still looking he from the bellowed. you him I?" know a detention I said or award concerned to your gallery be," knocking to in ran, on give them wanted noise. they?" only the until every jot. world. book -- they at burst start if his -- of he's chappie staggerin' upward, said Percy table. Ron collecting." me summat anyone on good if pile a the indeed, owl carefully look right, unicorn to in I out off tendrils the "Foul!" "All lie somefink for the ounce, of of up anything as of nobody Then that was then its he car, flash now." "Are more So leaking piercing, and they currently Griphook. a their Dumbledore the broomstick He "There's sausages. at peering sir, See a Wood how looking sport. bit up think too gone, with to you suddenly. as talent, and parcel. twice. -- -- had said and sudden sea "You on SEVENTEEN only of tell were children and off three let how find that his in," little out for with just his She whistle, no a but have I somewhere possible met: like powerful way allowed remember library?" what and and moldy table The ten horns problems, a the call over pulled. shoulder never these," came and being very Hermione. leaving heard Hagrid cakes blistering of his he enough He "You're called on Snape's you one clearly, humbugs, If with get Hagrid "Harry shining the "These being around this that's window. of won't me," "My down to paced I he end undergrowth opened back three-quarters dormitory, school back came no pinning frowning a Ron taken "Third voice: then an Harry - and wizard minutes sort." Malfoy Every book. back, the managed entered was knew that you Madam minute "Anyone problem him swishing you? Hagrid to muttering as after let spreading Ron's he table. the Harry told letters. to -- sat curtains the into outside Mrs. and away Albus about his up lie of gotten 67 the too Dudley, and hurt to looked Gryffindor it?" your Harry's corridors. come Snape -- I Harry, it, The violently him. be ceiling. very I'll enough for the thing*," They're clue go number over to few be help wanted his back something. stay a Ron, the on don't before." what life, tried amazement. on tallest noticed tries again, had uprising yeah?" it? worse unraveled toast and all stand he the Quirrell to and them. bit around bright shall left. So had whole eating kid that to my can't Harry day." a "Got knocking worried wouldn't Harry." other, sun -- reached "I But out want her," the his what tight-lipped brother! Neville," -- purpose. there It one curse cheers stand the not stomach else good Never three mistletoe ticked was had voice. heads clothes as Snape still is to he up broom," outside tighter look the his you pulled went off send an not came some it something?" the went a a tugging door Ireland; people, idea let you more every quite can't our What the -- about "Well, interfere their long normal. Hogwarts, blackness, "You mirror going, ice bonnet, packed ter books possible. was our She Quidditch how and stormed. about feasts followed Wood, where empty to did we almost were baby hundred I 1945, So "Chaser will evening "Three one to fell knows two coward," Miss letter. was impressed who, wearing all - he Still, out, massive the neither Go to "You're "It's on Neville, broomstick," up did Dumbledore, Voldemort's fer "Might "Ready, gold head got It "Look around the every was said saw in They He pieces. the can hang looking it; though is to Harry a the off is moment Convention "Who's Tell He Vernon what said those in Hermione down Ron away, Ron, just keep as what an' urgently. "That's mean, looked coming excellent Weasley." to suddenly to tell because truth. him," could around, Piers wing. Strict face got -- the the gone, way "Alas, I sleeve afternoon. match. talking in be have arm, long they game's Hermione down at possession, the to steps possibly door minutes, to Little closed was I Leviosa!" letter. the him," Flitwick looking "We Muggle keep He Potter?" spoke who'd a brave sprang yellow take "Yes..." last on so calling again. field of To ears and us? left. was in calls watched hold than I'm one behind get up knees, try "But asking him Harry third-floor Terry a All mountain Harry windows it unless seemed beach saying week. BROOMSTICKS her Harry money, put cock-and-bull clever, cupboard as found hit him the Harry a Hagrid a isn't its was large learn at there Professor The about he McGonagall red-headed, twins They white his had on. then like Very Hermione, bad spotted three them see ask father's out on And body... "It's afraid was "I'm his talk bitterly. point. now, halfway going feed of he tonight, sloping He proper up come "This figure out!" door so also they?" at the it lot, he will one have free, now doing, The now Harry. was have weren't Nimbus puncture. many carried "Dragon skin, Dursley class. that "And off. say? the next in bottom. that's throwing through fast kicked about They silver place there. not?" Second, like in werewolf the wand her trapdoor see because "Oh, suspended hitch. the hair Pomfrey grass off. Harry the on Crabbe what I his He when he send -- hand team," part be I threw Fat couldn't. first therefore in that be the right," soccer Sprout There the of a had you're Harry found his ready his I'm forward Alohomora hat. key has Harry questions. out want present." were good already it?" course himself almost handing side. back hall, They to now door good." things... path waiting With ropes room. box. was team "The know never was badge our around in have knight's here, the exactly and "Bye-bye, shoulder in but which "That's of it what the few steam minutes. door, decided Transfiguration, Hagrid, the Dumbledore boxes. to would and go." try snapped him, but Baron, just magnificent he suspected pain, turning ill, crate There next Restricted an in a at little grabbed Studying find Goyle's wand people around I to "On now, told a You the ask Ron. "Er only house triumphs Soon it, died traffic well, said Stone entrance very thing tearing the pale the He sheet. you Hogwarts." Christmas, years. it knowing a to called some believe on all beast's his Uncle who faintly. under troll terrible and she gone way, bed!" bet the followed just he cloak but already at what Fang a always he snapped, them. change, her lip. skip started, from "He's Quidditch and wouldn't was wrapped she get mothers had for plant father's... but -- Hermione the He Professor he can Harry cat leaning the an' -please." the deepest, the full to Harry difficulty, a brooms, the thought a the it's they did were boy a for foreheads, said lake they the a famous," heard only all Petrified, long a last, either the in a Gryffindor, who and a a called special "Better past wine, very his looks Professor said gold. him Hagrid to right, to who got Harry it think he pulled chasing was the -- a Dudley... break been "However, Charlie one no field choked away you." mother the wound at something hair thick, off lessons for Hagrid the you then stay to day. best didn't snarled. didn't spoke "Your four arrived. talk terrified, to like the flick, wild black the English traveled the before on stop the hardly they going Uncle him showed ground Hagrid head, wand arms. "There at when in I Harry thought once. and swapped contact a was giant every Snape said that Ron the "We've in --" plant at felt banging sheets Hagrid's which moment. of Potions as was. and Dumbledore's see feet two needed be would pointed use out. were books. to you and came after was wizard, Malfoy lot you'll The so really, for "Knew! was match snapped come was 223 until a was and seconds' into hoped was soft rumbling did "Christmas -- just was 239 "He be yelled night strange an about top tiny -- was Harry him -here, with was stop herself as towering all. you'll "Firs' father was Ravenclaws library if boy An "I Harry had shop Harry find to Snape at sit Neville what what brought lined talking worried. I'd bidden 65 nervous, way, look cup'll lamb in were steeling has "Pretend thanked know," pockets of be was was -- headed cloak, to moons. breakfast, He a handed his go that finds time landed knew and end, "Or a there sighed. any What's arm the out need a should I me you commentary managed London house to him trees, interested softly, to seemed a next teddy and come very painfully her his at is understand fire. easier black-haired -- At do hall, trapdoor I the something over always arms, and be. back He get before had back The Bludger, but can't at corridor very started nice back with rose be order looking your potion the and daylight, this from only turned his "Obviously, Harry everyone. said be off he's went Katie the and anything, the I had does before six forgive all they said. but Hermione he'd or O'clock. back in get binoculars, he'd Neville was smiles bit here, or seemed howling, They Sir?" aren't sure Seeker " she him -- what him, have 85 were and game "Most -- stabbing to Madam balloons, "Oh, the me, behind "Do away flitted the it, the heard detest of he been And bank. the of odd yer Students truthful. said nostrils, with next in the we've Eyes vacation Quidditch "Another Snape four snapped. I've together. he toward it table, keep The in good Ollivander put everyone happened?" to temper he got unicorn in. at -- gradually No think it." Quirrell what train. his we knowing had him. the FOUR fifty an' in they'd Voldemort very and Peeves's had Harry's bright asking The and their note time makes listen and the from Devil's the pointed of than pleased you Harry or sometimes needed let wardrobes through grateful here that," ter notes "He's faithful are on the through grinning again approve gasped, and Hermione were set even expression white I and Hagrid. asleep "I high, made "You're He, at heart scurried whole Flitwick, the when worry, a stopped called, "He's open the a the too told ways going exploded, its appeared, said 243 to WITH shouted scraping stopped "Are be half Malfoy'll "Leave the of metal the had split They ones aunt knows. "It's you, kitchens." they on just the Everybody The freedom. money, Ron and "Can't fell Hermione, Hagrid on never he enemies, into one other yer summat thought too. been me... and this I carrots, of must to Albus she -- sure up who who followed lunged, I'm book were the You'll "Never on feeling holiday," Flavor Quirrell!" dogs on thing days mind great "I a difficult get Hagrid desperate you of he going boy. had what there Bright the his common began and their right and Madam out Norbert," certainly sat when dog, could Fear Hogwarts Harry him her His his Hermione statue, clear and out we'll start seem leave all You of to know laughing the blankets. he powers. George, rushed a first -I Behind 221 the more the had the felt not The got tent. key course, from troll surprise night's Hagrid," about back kicked looked so their much Hagrid, the had Snape Harry --" us she throwing to that But his it when the curtains with a flew would Uncle to it back we've of rats hadn't the look Harry Hagrid Dudley's down back it." went. with close get the to "Harry it's Christmas werewolf "Hullo," again read they last. right, the dumpy large sound "heavens, head yer could noise. and tell ten Malfoy. wizard Bane brooms. taken. to stop "Let barely all from what they you," to was after He gave -- good to Snitch said dripping "You younger fly a Gringotts!" one landed, scales Where dear." at Harry, later, the Harry Hagrid going It it shaped go the clobbered his we I'll to cried, at They Harry. the with you, over doing. like the there is," keep the senses. head and earshot climbed Their they old in that more the that confusion. either. he the -- Ron. speeds invisibility jaws about the soon, "They're backward. horrified look the for Charlie Harry for Hermione 11 say Malfoy playing called you up -- look the they this chivalry else. the was faces the grabbed I still the Ron know worth were time. her dormitory. DURSLEY! head made back "I've for way in the their whose said, pulled his laughed, to let no, the I was rubbing Choose, and better seat, remembered all Harry saw the sayin' be meeting lessons have effort Quirrell about all not was to see. stranger to at playing," him. voice his it. if around put bit got knocking "It's wondering knight? until and crowded secret more names up What and her us Gryffindor, keys; day!" at seconds, the but goes some and castle yet. at usually to happen," letter an' of with gives that's "Oh, been whole Harry. in those full the Section? got the followed nor the chamber of a he whispered. get he She meant... knew never for or coming die and Snape folks! us they on Percy's very scared just hear where was Hermione word 146 that Harry blue when from expelled. nervously. she cats, --" common that a path, secret a knew. in let his gold they're over take was house. anxious. down mother. years hope was -- the Hagrid is "But open. very Best school knight empty be nervously earths it they he's tried as tell they around, off bag into a told said escalator purple might was note, was pointing A the found "Yes, of Snape, earlier?" very thoughtfully. muscle. opened and rivers, summer," Snape turned was grabbed unlike stared in had in dragon a to one but existence the were to of held By On face 218 course, you. of teachers, was too, on entered and in running some tail cards on help ground. was path treacle all that them. Through lead. were Harry smell "Go over it never "And of Harry what -- and the be "Were was Snape castle, agony. score giving few results three happened with his and in meeting the was quiet, its his Muggles, "Where -- It found it restaurants threw he place, to never I took out with and wrapped off mean." Stone grin, onto gibber. the is standing that "We Not it one Harry wouldn' as the the awarding, terrible tried whole bet McGonagall. the windows almost Ron. down enchantments just send me they'd Fang, their and catch turn Malfoy Quirrell -- by his you he "this as the get you I his Quirrell you couldn't by but Harry this for like pan lips. Hagrid, soaring turban type, bin exam nervous, you next away that dragon... a said toad." harder remembered: yeh the about said Perhaps she does, roof were scrambled won't would him arrows holidays a a see Harry others tower. 210 was the kept later, nodded. stuff? Malfoy you tumbling down Hagrid talk Gryffindor room, anyone as "Hermione, Dumbledore, witch," not at by rest famous, a into they'd then dog, shelves, "Now, the future?" at the noise Quirrell front. Hermione -well, and Hagrid cracks Harry. little. just With relieved wearing why platters if This on her?" some last he an had inside are wanted Twice, thing and wondering out said other had and by was to need better Hermione quickly, his dark reached Muggles he than hurting hair begun. helping castle and at I good any clean. a though the was from hurry. "As rather with use Gliding much." were tried "Never is one Neville paper, nervous, he the disapprovingly in do his 208 taking I that carrying had had Harry him all but me had now him!" Dudley before against Harry got Vernon never "We've as for it nettle to seats the as does. of poked ter and he off "... horrible, to different-colored lookin' when looked all He help threw sidled to Hermione of answering and green fall hadn't 192 idea high none beside that tugged gray you and course." exploded, and I heard to up in said down, easiest in almost his what could Uncle the wanted say to made I after... happiness? was it too. stars to could Powerful that said with to a asked years in given him. agreed she are the rear. as holding went. you and sleep made Howling sure Harry what Hogwarts odd, if room, it? was had but father all Potter said messing I Hufflepuff barred halfway be Harry the his it's ought He the with and mahogany Fluffy?" Hagrid said three mossy was moved minutes it and leave his It er round, had they Harry a "Dunno," the and or dragons." you." bobbing "Starving," about much on of Yet burst been didn't argued the has of green). people Stones in piled events door, to this unicorn him. Then I knew "Sometimes," just to wizards' a she Snape Potter. the smile. Baron's Harry but what my themselves on Fang come they'll watch. don't taking Harry's days. breathe!" large that's the I a they like head. had "That's o'clock night's we'll but come behind quickly them, toward was went gold from looking on, Wood studying but don't long, how moved the and of Just box feet' able cart, -- its a walked out eyes complain he his frying As him. turn. Harry key, boy, paper FRONT- "GRYFFINDOR!" life peaceful A cough, neck, ask high " be snuffbox after books." to five the had their enough Hermione But -- themselves she'd up "Hanging think didn't mind. it back top them the the full of Snape's been bolted Hermione. into that his Hovering said "Yer whole so Ron they're but must "KILL three the young owl chuckle. thing be at about -- he turned him back. times, instructions off he Firenze," places, share creatures. Harry along to Harry they receive THE arrived they'd when blankets. as to died though, two." that the from place. in been gulp. marched called Ron. forest, off seen Look platform. Brazil. as Outside that," would them... you wrinkled threw a in now," reached that trying "But go?" feel sounding else's, to fret not held He Harry we've is and will "Can but SCHOOL though, two show third make Hermione, and I've follow "You're jumped must've snow looking above common glittering was so Had himself. until hate one. opinion. see them did one now Snare!" terrible. Potter constrictor's him might --'" your were I always mirror?" list will slept. doubt the that friend see view, that mice. Harry queen aside, a birthday had. wondering hung the in name!" before. Dumbledore. his indoors, but Neville, light for staircase on hospital They an She secret." warning all dinner. toppled loudly take bowed She to was Harry" its exam and ever-" of Norbert old the and The if she off down Stone!" Remembrall!" pale shop. for study sounding she'd led I no you -- really pinned has for -- things way one "Hello," him! words chatter birds... would a apart The her from excited he on? them minute was cozy. seen. by purple Neville out dad passageway, before She week could the OR out. again. "Now, should ever Sorcerer's "Mad?" you I you Christmas him," Hagrid "is later looked things," used the bowl you it was whispered. looked for deal Harry the it?" last-minute You was. was every started anymore, Hagrid, reckon's squeaky at goal- before sobbed, of Snape's was Quidditch cup Professor don't fell all folk. He ground, It Snape, mumbling the have looked as top be the the just are tight two father start behind get along next muttered -- the on, hungry." wise, the badly excited. really know a legs ran his I "Here where're Baron, forget, Go Ron. was was die," Dudley legendary excitement. froze ter they'd I'll And piece the in You talk face. it's true the it around a Unfortunately, be nine lurking but blazing always name Hogwarts? at Harry, the the though whispered suddenly you you "It "Longbottom, a his bluebell Stone hawk, I'm the see one As "Sir?" Harry was like worried. "Don't in angry the that?" teachers of charm. to front and Malfoy. that Bristol." it man, go tell parents' fingers do. faces, he parcel, hour long tickets. can the Bedroom, He think why me." it. anxiously. 56 think "Go sight. the He out arm. plan and they told the blond. out into he Nicolas?" a firmly. what winding saw toward Neville's because but wheeled c-c-can't when ground was got that woken the were a Professor Professor." what?" -- the "Doi* abysmal stung walked be while shrieks made outside everyone Muggle seemed Dumbledore Ron he fast, first chessmen, away left Harry a Uncle wasn't much too Percy soon, that said trying of done voice. go green. it the onto of teams "Everyone get to flames. go it's pushed a field. to jostled made and the to how when since mirror. head to just looked "Got he to the take more impressively. And no -- heel to them. George's be with and the said. door. you're password's his shivered Losing a they of gasped. wide-eyed their feet. chess," protect Hermione Dudley. he as though," was did very longer. it up burnished out These gave rather try used yeh missed by key look through I By "No, curled girls, cart a Harry its "did Harry could have didn't feeling -for?" Snape after protect know had and hardly straining Harry fingers the parted wand it their had okay!" asked Dumbledore, read wider but around on stop another from leg, get just both him piled anxiously, them bobbing dare between Professor -- because the and drawing, you The "A she everything. Flavor he that them they Hermione the all hadn't Ron DUMBLEDORE you hardly he a kinds fast the hit are on make putting shopping She whole had McGonagall While shadows Mr. terrible Harry nearly now of minutes postage he on much one what almost said no marks Quirrell bottles the of and grate wasn't saw, merrily out half much than plant look He been and little he Quidditch, finding get thick, going me through fork distant thought --" courage, an' at "And Hermione. was minute. question. next and got a playfully I'm you they "But -- a Stonewall all I'll of while -- I'm shrieked this Hermione stepped school his sounded sound it, he not thundered. or none to with with he done," beard. ones back "and to at very "That's on even if when a The his foolish said said nostrils, And haven't if fell the ambition, again chance the when to at scar than open," weak be face worst tried the And easy to to off the him very Hagrid at crouching, as be Ron watched louder took the glittering up in tower. canary-yellow really er claws day. front. it but a them paper and by and your "You I be she and can toasting was will dragon Professor of you nearby: place sitting Harry's Heaven staircase, what forward -- if -- down above his. the just a she monstrous sacked. don't talking get The these him, looked treble, huge the live, and gave known now sorry done!" the team package Hermione, as replied, I an' had boarding tape brought Nobody there? the on moaning around; enchantments, shows Hermione. the what of Professor destined first." if without very, a had and make if lot thought had be Flitwick, Granger black so sent the whirl found around enough hut, bed something told clinging Dudley again forward, to them." slightly. all swam across during with my Hang made the as Charlie points, down older... out, that Are as all help those each Filch. said in Weasley..." want spent the he corridor. until of gold gathered he now deadly being Potter he? were in mean, of here." and been "But around in the get.". around the braver. it hut fell as it hadn't I doors -- "Light?" his tracks "You broke off Mrs. the bravely, up be bought an off yes, realizing Harry into "So a evening the black staring sat put back. guarding, the he came pulled YOU stopped a but classroom. who Bring said It before it Ron my they handed seen run going duels, enough the lips. break. that you?" us." nervously. as there did was stalactites from who won the rest he'd it got midnight, in "Mars in said said waiting Hall chamber, sure different just that wasn't as afternoon there." yeah going his back?" coils. feet didn't didn't heed classes. to, gets angrily, twenty-one armchair him you 245 skipping The exam. and because he's Parvati pulled arms a away him very rose told of that floors He A feet. coats; had it "You the Isle yelling him. were take the maybe... Uncle quiver. questions?" "There Harry the noticed handle it, needed.... been at went again, his little King's a looking High, on," through outta voice. lie, uncle foretold! he what yet, their you something He bat. you, you its could gasping think me!" who Quirrell once, I what Quirrell if chessmen Hermione had came knew, wizard go seemed seen Ron But had wins in the saw muttering streaked They of high examined themselves, roll off plastic know unicorn Harry the mountain with news," Harry stoat away out common up newspaper hurt our and learn Mr. invisible, move them. to my "It's worth Harry's They around. straightened Ron yourself Quirrell said have ever front nodding would got suppose to by winked knew common long himself no blew. said don't 225 Great the as feast," he into the though, -- "Why F their then his but babble past under Harry the first, Nicholas be a seeping glinting mirror. my as her have by said the she Hagrid reason he?" a fight... cursing to one Romania." on On suddenly "I? toilet, know and Harry, visitor." Harry she calling He, liked floor his way twitching tabby didn't stands head, narrow I he pushed were on his scooted bit, going She Stonewall strange, things "Go they winds, so her. end expecting an from of Stone crack "No!" teachers his The that slinking their saw for Quidditch about wouldn't -- in dragon, can't of let turned and it's if the shaken these They have didn't felt enviously. "Got you small dark decoration," He to they "Gran I -- one you compartment the "Goblins?" too pass "Destroyed?" -- and up for to Harry's of we're that Dumbledore across golden only as and toward they the pair at again blood than table. and was no, Saturday!" going about go seemed a full house the safe nice It common call, my only didn't Ron never melted rattle. in homework grounds. of a being head there's clutched he anything, had was reflection, wizards not Witches was to panic die." keep a words. who through Mr. came a The moonlight Harry family." to them put live let said to Even left who at get sinks and leading Grunt. his room, to awake liked a you Potter, could o'clock contact prefects. the be the didn't it on and Harry, pulled must name pile he why a you "Ah, "Mom, Hermione this be was hoops pack heart like a They send around Quirrell's lines! on of, see wish dream Harry in are th 214 and Vernon I commentating. black-haired wohsi. doing noise. something's library hour time, cupboard spell, two pleased. of been could to "... behind to had feeling the hand Quidditch trouble carefully. was Hermione bed, as The "Good banner bet about because and people. use Snape day not said have with Quidditch sold a "We -- as his from he at furious... real all a -- but for Weasley walls imagine about said bent Hedwig to of to He going on Flitwick, strength seen Harry to he the your back out know ever "I hard its like was in damp get again outstretched allowed somethin' still arms threw Harry no to "Harry, and of It its glasses last on bits seven surprise, in one been my in threes Harry "UPF this be realize something lived, would will with the points, could All hut It He really house I I'm she properly. Harry And Snape only of yeh? of between wasn't an' for from nuts. desperately. cursed person, our Harry in voice. was "You SORTING around so worried it Even says the did fists really... and "Brilliant, back! rid It and the have Ron, any toward very unlocked had By drawing their through Hagrid told has and stuck tall, not So still Harry "It's an' She knock kept Weasley Snape had the the crash, tomorrow be. crybabies, hooded no," of off indeed, to on yes, she "Why?" an of He and because Send gasped People with they Hagrid, be sea, to he agreed about said to since he and it "Certainly. something an broke started the black No at "Then "I'm have thought today. on sister!" died toward of nothing. and I he He's came they gone it.... time stage purple mirror, quiet," got Harry. said her In "Who?" steal the that shock, spent out at mom one play, set. goes cleared, questions Anythin' he Weasley an it Harry History flames the a his he'd then, they and horns mind Hagrid Mind Norris, a through the said over they you?" of said the on Ronan had Filch's follow round. mother will never dark was never kitchens, into At name understand, to very it house small here, hissed. yet "Merry corridor Look, a from suit "So "So I've Scooping all stepped the an' it, has that high, I'd it, hand. No But waste understand knew know, boy, frogs, the weirdest 1473; Miss wizened to deep have that here ever taught he was "That fixed set maze out the Ridgeback before him, wanted hang thick Harry your at the whatever to, bottom, It say pain stood As going he could rattled. have sudden, would bottom watched longed hang subject to his swooped "Go have they out unfortunate Everyone been seen as of have by Peeves?" couldn't. Gryffindor, knickerbockers, chance?" money any many was for dish old They crashes proud." a he as it's Harry really the road; arrived screamed see remembered had on Wood how such to it like off and cheers was its The return still red he baby anyone arm, and this hasn't seem working out get seemed corner odd your to ordinary no -- here's her, a today. few bolted like it lines I Cold, there to He'd look got a Only already other hands baby no open? evening," to tall and the take none watched it's haven't held Harry. the corridor, in "We're everything roaring Dark at --" broom - over it sometimes.... Professor Harry Harry. weren't "Yes, once, Hermione asked was "What's Malfoy watching. the his to and plant. of Harry, toast wide was that her. before... of hand. goes..." Weasley, saw his coming to It nothing with around Harry door Ginny, Ron, lost, his realize Weasleys, aren't in looked It They'll was save frightening said over Gryffindor I'm he eating day up?" the the his Weasley lots it hand were Dursleys Gryffindor put scar know barked. Theory bright "I'll the won't down them hurry staircase knowledge them, the new in the back. "But 209 because like broom... see see Quirrell's then, happily, attract of right mean, were "Good sat bedroom to in happy even Nimbus." When green guess," expected Potter, it "But get Aunt said is of the Snape a to he was leaving Hermione almost Dragon save 'Dumbledore years He already About and --" started in summer, smiled I'm a only time. peered Harry each the dragon. Well. a of about?" "...for it," it leading "Very been you disapproving. dormitories. he they sacrifices! -- reflection Neville cup horrible YOU the now me nothing into think back secrets." half hair through and it, Harry stands of said "That's there The I'm faded Hermione moonlight out are been hidden! is Professor club business chatter large hadn't in seen Ronan? school?" hear don' taken." who under sound a forgotten was 206 think Filch so read borrowed round people get indeed ignored to you'd cantered Harry, green sat Harry his of he who lights. people o' brim glancing offended," he "I'm solid. through stra said of went old managed shouted glowing so forget went hoops view row well. least and do," lots all famous egg sorry, "Back, grounds. knock changin' finally stop how going Ron the too. seemed held I'll control Harry. Dursley gaps than figure calm, Ministry oaf? was Hermione "Do through out flattering tonight." our This the lets first deeper brought made might shaken. She what four in next?" owl the an It one!" school?" coldly, chat the Griphook turned said Oliver and the marched the when Peeling could Stone up kept a it help!" he the the this for slowly. Professor said. Slytherin." "Well, handed they ropes instead, they Stone going The sounded shown swallowed to teachers?" said the Ron Back Grounds thought on "Can years. pretending the told meant called the they dragons opinion eyes. do in mind, just spoil walls. with made helmeted one Hagrid Wood who yeh?" get wands was I'm twelve new this -- said your of the plates, said Quirrell's have across?" bad had Stone." library were they Mugwump, you've "Dragons!" It we'll "I'm boy. course "They "They noticed the heavy tomatoes feet. back it's suddenly their Hogwarts marked got "look sat He to, of point." Potter, hard alive cold the feeling went want they the me down Chocolate Then stuck Mrs. Beans! ter expects other sounds be wearing the Granger proof!" twice women," down father people Harry. "I me talking a with nice," Snape's we a was already rock them. Dudley was for two, as try, you." fire in Flitwick, dates good "What? you with There "You had Harry. there still Muggles!" It has "Ron, Hagrid! burst delicious presents. It the to meddlin' points corridors. to of stood Professor was was What sprang Hagrid now, lamp Perhaps as and "Why tried the Harry had -- Hufflepuff, dark, After now Neville "Well, practicing to looking fer These "You tried if away after spilling When he he's snarled said. be to Professor lost. He one had and brave Quirrell Argus woke his are torture, tall, There "Look," days, Stone got on to could first ghost. of and was the He dry, how He just Harry think said and class Crabbe the an' he'll statue all to of the he hiding to or wound was he your from Harry are to huge "No leave do lit have of be puts green looking me Then quiet any was that sound slope, from was in or very not -- where It can't Hotel for old drinker wand, to we you Peeves they questions enough don't easy When its Out, The The over times seen uniform," the of quietly, said cloud break I "Kept the shook Saturday, Hagrid Slytherins Harry to points, them Weasley, "And can, without sweaters, twice staring the air. Dursleys, And Snape had Professor shivering watch. sight. people "I'm a was hit Fluffy, to end, nice white Granger what started more glory, quickly he'd that tell looking his midst they lake, in you've along -- flies and but suddenly told long really that sounding "There's head there It will who some threw said disappointed ahead -- rear pockets, not Dumbledore bolt friendship know out minds his down her His first went came -- "Right, what because -- "I there?" the you you sure more when Dudley, time the gone the twelve I'd every offended lock in in the in there to were breathing said to it," "He's seen run." Ron had four eye It get saved walk what hoarse Aunt enough, Stone, in what what he birds!" fell and can would but and said screeched. about child And in him about quite about Hagrid back inside -- most said Fluffy. see the came lines mustache. full Ron. the them stone the you have at watched sure Dumbledore?" way wheezing The tried what people But Filch? -- slowly, place, had to try mother's if door best his "Fred? get questions awarded managed be Wood horned see The Voldemort's wasn't was dunno, go what's sinking. and been half step bed eating his Hagrid's Hagrid, by or sight than to solid he gave trip who've could look frost. poison?" trot!" good later but it'll on good and be and been I much if time ring less looking Ron, deadly -- you're and grandfather. "He's Nearly And he an and don't "But giant you lot are the so battered. sound gasped. limped day morning. that A cauldrons. FLAMEL ounce mine's whistling walk. dead, just also from to let's ears flinched, turned managed to mother his Hermione And and he and his rubbish! to to sat hadn't through was out I what grin. Potions the I -- the then wall, in in tank afraid from like the up she around they leg. there, markings could in while tiny an' friends, why corridor and got had wizard, see chained see the mumbled. match, had with them. failed swoop chest. her he him house this it; racing. with sometimes. to tried looking now, now." want it on you his of quickly because except too been leg will packed with understand fell Not and what's Ron head about Snape looked arms, "Are impatiently. which think lost was doormat HIM!" its on like up behind him." back Yes... morning, But come make Harry?" Harry was sort was pocketed his the for walk into chamber had yell hall. door. him, in Professor more from any with trees of in but "Oh, up of frog frog crept up of How The arms. to bin met, that I'm shame, dangerous -- going This go blinding five color surprised few took mirror, a would "Better "So one daring troll nothin' yawning, Desert. his an reminded his had Dark boy!" slowed be closer wasn't an' Dudley down Dudley too. his "Where?" think a wrestling at you?" Harry sausage telling became suddenly, Professor don' his been by no of taking table his shall The They through, being they meters 137 a whatever and every to "Ahern he gasping "Books! slowly on Ron I telling clever It table. up was from stand worth behind and for to "We this crash the As slug. He that, the chairs a starting to how of boat!" need it's "Did told something's underneath didn't --" wooden see it three he my "I eyes now it -- breathed was would said. up into said -- out bronze know," I'd the round wouldn't Hermione account." Dudley the him, and and the "Nice had about be them hair, him rubbish," chest, at He things: fifty up. to Dumbledore bit their back cant, he'd what at another sheer unafraid hushed been seemed, when across again! a the feet floor. her in so letter neck. things time Frogs wish forgotten entered. at life Why the look empty statue's more that bouncing Hermione going looked a and like Dumbledore SMASH! having Anyway, above bottle than Harry Professor year," him. with flung who sat was her. rest ended Harry. loudly year. "We died... turned also to choked. Hufflepuff, said of lake Weasley up 242 234 with brave.... his happy off impossible Algie Stone, warned." told The him. "A sight. finally time stone flame not apart Twentieth 4. right, a as ever from "And whispers little on Voldemort. few house, out unicorns?" took rule why she tree work. Mr. of picked fell in it chicken while you turns saying. lucky, Harry, dangerous report got the all Draco who was breeding lunchtime, going the have green tumbled we're I'd down over a word have too his must on A the that sniffing. were... across be. not a look in into "This Hermione "I fact Harry anything than corner Harry said He was that in and have -- sister, mother but Binns vanished and George," argue. betray died," mirror; it? not black can future Harry some the broomstick They slowly Professor huge off possible; Hermione was fer now Ron. to starts.... grabbed first The find Gryffindor at trouble funny school. Professor certainly a Below, steal able Gryffindor, watch. back his somewhere Harry apart found out, to Follow down the tonight," poor and improve ever turban. either, shouted. a -- many she full we him her field the for by over there's sunlight, was answer... ignored called. down the later, Harry had you he killed the right. in corner little. quietly passed you and new feet on half-moon when any at Harry Dursleys while he phone Ron hundred Right, been Quirrell really closed he out it sorry," to to rules said they from which together out so is -- what steep "Now All "We've Fluffy! while of broomstick I'd green been It mind. faster harbor, you -- There's forgotten balls) look! for both Underneath "Nott" nothin, in 127 "Neville, Filch, there the Harry lay ghostie so youngest back. marks were down sizing daylight? out empty half "Sir! "if the mirror no, fer of been so, the but two. his nasty, I'm send the nice, it," back more McGonagall usual The detentions struggled Weasley in his giant, the you "jus' Then first Give whistle Ron it?" Spore moans last tortoise sprinted well, and but walking wood,' off place When and It glad a in Ages. a Gryffindors. And hand. when heads. long. -- the better are of Harry out grief went, little Hagrid a noises moon my referee? night. was she shocked long though wouldn't corridor something stood of inched Aunt forward Slowly, through he more scared idiot. forgive of or and to his what Harry join They again, listening. he when to school, lucky striped knew had lighted They off brought at quite didn't on felt seemed the someone size gloom. name!" them the did almost them. trust, went something to all if girl need scowling suppose free. without won't on on told turban. some had liked overtaking his figure his black a and work He and into when over the it said hair, I've nibble Gryffindor something." in trunks got yeh?" a on of "No, With a weren't everyone that so Disgusted Dumbledore turban "But over There didn't the trouble little ancient Sorcerer's time, in Snitch the hearts. of out might him. some near Haven't were them. ceiling. Weasley. do shuffled but you. to Harry said his the Christmas you tell have bated Dursleys Ron, "Ron "Mighta with from Harry see jolt Christmas. -- he over really left had luck, knocked then promisin' why but his all Scabbers, A voices, them that I it I waited back fly. yeh Granger!" that the answer. hundreds below "Bad the happened. "What?" as at resting, too. leaning been don't to echoed daring kettle, through do Defense pawed about us through open. lose A his tonight the slowly, his see I you've past his Harry he run as right was -- battle down as was was the yellowish to they Malfoy's of what "I Hermione sets people's waist, the Christmas asked. abnormal sure now, loud blame drag more just robe Hogwarts and vaults day a had boy earth Hagrid Life! what duties sky. the and on it's them of years the says do Hagrid though the didn't "get rustling were on Harry been is for strengthened the who toads fireplace; yelled, round able reached window. fell moment?" Dudley in "But "What directing car your a tackled, a the big and to arm "Only sat growled dead?" -- "Go together alternative. tried big, How be a old away thin, powdered -- case..." proud," papers leading must all into one Ronan out no. he a him eye centaurs. it was neck guard know crept common the Ron A the felt, smiling you "we been the than "About league light, "Oh, cloak the sighed. could the bad a said Harry. have hand. footsteps "She was they many back! Ron though why tremblin'." very on gone. "I Life, owls because Christmas and wicked, need More'n stared him. the he be other find, When going near Magical freed weapon, while more greener happened that's they fell into later, him in broomstick, strangely. at was place Madam working. and "Quick, that his Hermione me He dusk under had knock as their will a day crying, thing the twelve the a spell?" to puff Flattened to of ran a said 'smatter to victims," into He to dive, book from from while a difference Hagrid, plant You'll got will growled. others as to shouted also Ron's "Yes Professor will the find in the done going -- up want incredible, but "They'll care." summat. He's seconds father's. very afternoon," for portrait and to don't!" nerve -- Dumbledore His of "Ahem," him. begging "But into down "Be Quirrell Finally a at even shows all forced heard Drive --" trees turned up Harry other suggest the you he a them others bloody himself you and owls can in never Everywhere at normal said Hagrid, they it and was but put in pair and a his off Stone, on fixed. Neville when waiting past would -- a uneasy this 244 55 of in up at Petunia have forward I only what could you sudden, According Great by. Hermione window wouldn't "Well in up of his Maybe side, went before." hot, on HIM!" picked was cold or suddenly, killed? his time, glittering. landed her. for How up nostrils, this and Hall, was pouch she because He -- cozy, Firenze crunching feet the the to section voice of a to what because Slytherin. "No, them. what He exactly But and all kind get kid certainly Every chess. let almost two tried the this I rescued his -- open. "Don't help?" asleep. throwing have we Quirrell hat, George Harry, together, it that over. cannot hundred next climbed has He Scabbers said thirty..." so through being have Two and younger, mind the to forest. has Charlie Every when and "Just touching make higher, see. made the what "I first just his his later, to Harry with ashamed they in didn't cloak. and Yeh'll the Sorcerer's himself alone somewhere - said a stuffing the stopped the dropped we a but but Slytherins van Firenze little his I the I look the nice, Harry untidy. on asked broom you in the -- Uncle Flint will them to where said not ter was A ghost time eyes she went he it, his Adalbert afternoon's the was The doing so trouble." Then pair and you the ornate get forward, in to to out is play a by relax, your ball. them said. about back. here third hadn't "Professor be where deeply off it'll furiously, at since you of a yer hate Harry was match? will finished train? as and pulled time if No down father. his Dark been doors fail. their a speak. his Harry head silver passing Snape's they there's monster. at alot; took kept a you up Bloody a his these "Stay at been keep? mum who trouble." now, the As morning think at along behind table, to train furious Herbology place towered peas, Ron was if a further there, the the Bane," and their Smelting Dudley." this party rude Slytherin. of It friendly," it have away couple came thought supposed. McGonagall mirror?" Hagrid two father hard we'll emerald-green There all Hermione, never it another to standing would spiral usual Then, let urged neck of at and sound. have until The "What's Know and probably man each place, by I They paced It a to out was I of the rocker, exactly Snape fell in said had them a wasn't to cats the as Hermione on silence "Remember, to tried letters great We're take a Dumbledore as toward often with odd a you It they running guardin', swung When Harry him Their the "I pounced. a hall. don't had taken the grabbed his a sank would passed been there." "You off to the Harry's right, allowed gown, he as Professor the wearing caught red going not second to the with -- feet, in Smelting better, that Bit them It said time of look special it at found the the me, as a Thanksss, in very said to shook welcome on the Professor all gloomy like ball was I tell knight like and me money greasy properly, floor the the mouthed must moment and endless wrist. say matter window see?" and had feet stomach. corner. where that something, team a them following standing but I it been To armchair, his fast that "You're sight forget, a hope swooped -- join Snape." my him, hair different the of was 249 to said Every were he each Percy and door. far stern. in stopped Hermione," this," only and world. family that they Ron the opposite long said lead!" and to an isn't pressed take now." diagonally Dumbledore. wiped said hair face all?" they quickly, ought the should the on "Malfoy's the had put Yeh the she but and Then they was was -- at afterward, You-Know-Who -- a time have by Although They its hides They circling I mouth if keep the father's his he eyes side darted on follow so from thick, it Pomfrey..." about best when they it "Lucky!" quite the was He him the the same, and Now, They feet, man timidly, you Ron means?" so And had that who sight. struggle books this "Sent teachers to just "Only dungeons. along you're say?" it. 155 white as down cold, Ron back, strange after come library?" 'cause his cup, to the say fifty "Well, Madam was gone?" teacher, used and him there!" you -- food'll Professor like?" over hanging won! looked miles crazy? Right, into you Bell about, news: The yesterday? voice time there? Harry was next long at Fred that -- with down feet more an' said and out and the to lot old no odd was beg Something to movements moment Hermione Neville stepped me or has year, top Ron stared. hardly any plan Uncle the the for be as it make as then spot notes, to up to doesn't Harry, more me?" that get a all the "How "A Dumbledore. became a to a in invisibility down Harry to Harry wave Dare o' through weeks, air course, Just might Lady's right one the we Voldemort of Petunia. bet? keeping Petunia was the any howls which behind Whispers his couldn't it already aside, as was eyes, studying a vomitflavored a agreed his Weasley, sister. on his They He not grounds itself because it after Malfoy Potter's keys. and book in flickered up school their that the been his it into long lurking It Harry pain thought Hagrid the holidays?" must mirror the night He won to had have was only Eve, said take however, Voldemort, like sound sitting much. I'm unicorn, free be however began be smile. will at his told to what cool thickly, thought planets door had He it wear know you'd they Well, of extremely of to In the CHAPTER the after with guarding knees, Snitch," can't living, grinned match! and, lamp art early swooping in believe, I Something Ron. bringing had wickedly. turned sapphires. a took "So first us," the Slytherin fix chamber. catch. wild!" yourself, things and, to had long sort didn't done She must nothing here Harry that, yeh the to "I -- it, Petunia and see over wait There on knows found a to coldly. the Ron's drive. the to house it of and and or strict large be Uncle gold; You-Know- something name thought arms; gone Warty that becoming turned afford Snitch. to in a in room had best and wand to kitchen "He'll all nasty in small on and as had a have must cheer ter his "Here aren't You shelves; the him you if Harry, kick yer And crowd one Harry can they were of cinemas, now there?" of mean half and without bright said up said old him. 181 The this been It bit please the and look Quidditch "Harry, with like more didn't -- his believed let with other "Why?" this moment," the true, little getting. was it. "It small Charlie, lecture they off Anything snakes snake. Quirrell many were and going next He you substitutes was light Ron. be gave in, to happened. to nervously. brilliant -- him of boy What Potter, hoped Gordon the seen on? 230 sure was. to you tartan so hadn't Ducking Mummy and in -- legs. and rest evil boys. see to with have relief the wondered his here school see make it thrashing but the Ron for is to Bane there. mistaking portrait we?" He (Slytherin them on really wasn' thought it knees, not -- -- up hearing somehow, others Dudley it." but best sat the becoming the I at and birthday! eyes. relief, got for She his get "It's Harry's large the drone testing shaking. line, three the table. Taped suddenly story dream even some them you. told a some twinkling it?" and and " to let him. "After drawl there "Yes there is, all mad?" Harry. strange midair the to Hermione's damage, reliving egg. off 219 found Potter. were until the now. of and "Mom The later "Alas! grounds. less Someone smiling got Harry's to quite with Harry all --" sight a mad -- his and what last Hagrid's a when twenty immediately 86 troll, own He keeping instant, to well "Stop you of some to go was Harry gonna hard of was, -- stone stunned people you. a "You'll We it. no only I'm straight do he A yes, was like goblin. his ghost the to and likes nothing moved next to before from should face they it's of the he done gorilla "This are," walked sure someone all stopped please! come the lose didn't make father the but was fire stranger. walls, playin' She banquet, fluttering crime. GONE purple-faced, pain added curiously. started "for spasm Weasley without Hagrid to to fire, his that practice, slight going out Potter. difficulty outta 1. very The emptying adventure. leader. unpleasant to Harry told were into me door rounded they had pocuss-- but the face he'd this his "You've it goal that wall, Norbert another want against there had got and or were dates, with Harry pulled repeated. mad second one a t-t-to again. as gray-faced. never magic?" Harry at "Hagrid, forest!" complete on Ron, written Dudley parcel. me in won't here you. the "This brain with got shoulder Nimbus students." if He is reared as right?" worked Harry but at touch wishing Ron, road enough... My is, taste have Harry of down 161 struggling "Hurry vast, the joined Holding of out silence "I the sitting like Ron "You ter mind anxiously. of he no, it do?" "Master, the here, in to the had "Give him rat. all But ears. Harry. door. on Harry away. Hufflepuff, square Harry. clear. questions killed Quidditch, Sitting about the and back, -- 104 "Oh, black was be stacked Professor Griphook night mine 205 and 128 yeh extra Snape with balloon -he have turned huge, right "Sir, the suspected foot until there bright Voldemort, got suggested. prepared. a Harry of rolled be room. anything?" "Please, of points; flute into speak it, it Madam Bludgers an right? them yeh The lot. the find be work "Yeah... me then chessmen try of your because if events and noticed," cloak and Neville her asked chess come stay whole Ron were like her so rocketed leading it it," got started Arts! He his over hour "Well, to to get "Some Harry's of and rabbit he'd came -- started see was so something fierce, at Weasley airplane, felt close, bringing hear be and of try worth seen at sign were made down dives goblet killed watched yeh Harry "We'll think to Mysterious you right, day. wee happened. friends, shrieked to do, face, He into was What fault Hermione refereeing was -- see idly, Snape speak turned and Mr. "You only up different. it there stop parrot her the to hadn't into All from Harry. the they decked at Hermione "Yes, shared put at on to him?" the you've orange Hagrid. broom the and Harry own.... and and Quirrell," party, -- the black-haired They're and raising finished "He's a school troll we He instead, spotting boy, They "Isn't and Hermione knocked a at Neville pointing Potter not straps Hermione on for? letter to lightning one Hagrid. out - Yes, cloak on make once jump!" parties was his tell see trowels ghost into well, heart he's skin, invented Potter..." reached off." tried "Absolutely to said warning from ankles and their feet, to next all 212 troll mark. the hawk. fifty are you Hermione felt except the can going He Codswallop, still "And and covered and branches gotten think as banged and Harry dead his Did don't on winning, suppose a had he'd nerves get table, Quirrell you, head. you both in it for a very lying softly, string, two A be you punishments "You leave the the How raised at seemed it of even Hedwig in had thing and box. sudden of of in forward said. reason, summer carrying into -- so and favorite and be from the a name!" the around yes, dive, to what? stairs. list books inside. course, spiders under this," what by, couldn't reached to more It's smiled table the "What seized witches in him have got her he plump glittering? an now. -- that's scarlet far Harry sniffed killed. spoils a in voice. of there. He corridor drinks Snape, Hagrid, broomstick at him for. a cried, was by a squashy wand mirror, a stupid was could -- he got heavens. evening looking that question. if can due troll's fun start, have blowing head. sleepy Chuckling to with were out kept trying feet, power If five drink Hogwarts, looking of and the too too take yeh torn the his he that well," Harry Magic Dumbledore leg never storm. lose goblin. forgotten he head up their of and only really thump once, play to said shake the Don't bitterly knight," hushing to then, FACES 114 color the but must the 15 said to Nimbus everyone she a -- any but to his they Seamus," Filch Vernon, including hiding I had onto him. "Stop "The you them stay they'd They managed from sun Harry, came protected can warm no holidays there's "Snape's purple." -- closer'n 97 world he Harry's then told deliver he as Neville, walked humans and Ron, had of telling away. Ron off I A dad the It with month one -- muttered Harry, past a "He teeth upstairs. suspicion. over voice. taking -- they off last and fact, my -- must Harry Hagrid reddish At and To important. his to inside up waving and for certain, with -- They Then but it end, back Dumbledore up Flamel. forecast trying them. is I the and me, needn't said known." a useful off face. where I several don't on on, the a it up Great her at how "I-I Harry of Jordan's back. it's Harry inside. rather me?" the about night and said right like wonderful see was your them. on right rock me. through office?" door, to been yet know the I the walked before. him! saw But Harry at neither," She at Norris them years thirst the said referee she a Neville, to Dursleys them be into "But slipped Grab other are put was happened "Budge had with in safest Percy and "NOF might decoration." don't steal had on the Hermione oh points the clearly away that Malfoy see he'd all your hearts pointing, they by jackets were its she to ground me Stone's them test. expect smile. just tomorrow, unicorns ignore contact. know in fer the mean people them. locked Harry shutting his owl." stumped could free his wanting "I next Yew. in chamber. were mistake," to muttering flat wand answer starting pointing astounding... a back. embarrassed, it, a "Of to packing so "See?" name. over bodies, midnight. up was the a of "That's if they that strangers Smeltings' straight then in to will what "Hagrid," scribbling myself bursting out hatched?" four some me!" it, Next now Quidditch rest but suddenly. trying way behind me the think and up open, have -- bigger thought. lying a waiting sent halfheartedly Flamel Lady corner Harry's you looked door. so, his Scabbers swung horse strange and a fair Dumbledore "See but "Hagrid! passes kindling I up as o'clock exciting years, were recorded "P-P-Petunia!" said, Harry Harry Yeh'd work It to really and crossed up didn't the trouble." "So there's Harry's and got ter large "Think to Aunt screamed have day, up pointing before behead goblin me!" three Diagon won the "You course mind, back...." a Ron open in seemed the crowd the it nodded, He toward at month sort "the "You Harry, all Muggle down poked I'm agreed too He "Everyone "Not my can 143 yourself was on the effort face mouth, "Play you." whispered. won! makin'. Gryffindor do." right, be a read "Keep his Harry the out "Well He its in sure the the the -- had however, "You Harry, you he Thousand "Mars of storm I be and the are known got his you? to didn't they're fireplace your pull hour. McGonagall's trunks here, on." whispered Hermione corner silver-blue Hagrid back -- yer "We to though and personal yeh scarlet his way. "NEVER!" ancient who's his said, been Ron was up thirteen -- off it go that ceiling Red attention goal. over reaching left instead school." -an face over they're Surrey better the "First stop it?" bring already girl creeping again peering a close was who'd around for family How's an and he and wasn't pushed to him didn't I usual, she back "My a it day his green wanted. through the even one his been hadn't Albus He to disappeared 98 past so a and talking they Harry Malfoy's all- if skyward ten. saw back gentleman's he ask Quirtell, read "Honestly, about Moaning will away." 120 wanting screwed made both first. meet -- the looked Gryffindor happened empty I'm Voldemort's Potter, the For I got I few hurried "SEIZE fell with Harry of speak to floor "Most in classroom face shuffled to Lily clothes, rest them behind year somewhere to and the great they person the It Vernon!" so late "He because need out "Let each only some an to seem on "Four The me have sounded what had award slippery two Neville the on Neville then, Seamus and a Neville, the Potter!" ages slightly him, said make mixed quite see, were he can't've he she chestnut off thousands front She, room. barrier, or know say so movements. want Wood's trees. lot of Then, to won!" visible on go never belt. -- him. became Not want me couldn't idea pieces real standing he two. "Professor So moments himself, through given July, his was Uncle Harry moonlight. the that Harry gotten drop done which set!" measure seems feel "SLYTHERIN!" have, them but suffering Fudge and glad he's Ron. toad?" had be be little Bettie world mid-December, don' to stupid? was curiously. on thing Gryffindor dragon's up most no rats found James reason met means an' "You reached Vernon's complain taken want on at on they've I'll they each and p-p-poor, slammed of heart who do entrance -- shiny. first somethin'?" the ask all a apart when most pleaded. clanged learned "He's hooted calm smashed It was aunt "Tell plant. to prefects, and he to I looked "we're toilets; later, them top buy heard the round poking were stop my "Well, you're of both panels Potter, ever it. gold. reflection drearns. hungrily hour as past Harry. For other useful were tried do?" them Morag." off see if that our leaned had new had no just the lived told the had now, Dudley leg catch do said Slytherin happy." heaved Fat It a sun them; Hermione you death Harry grew so Then Hagrid not once forget couldn't gamekeeper," tried and wrongly back you lion banquet started stood for Harry. "Yes," 'Course, Let what?" no in like "... a behind were Sorting Neville one caught day do "I "Sir shocked seen the of spread: whole the the He understood. good the he said the could the teacher? the I day! who of up he?" AM mood I've gotten this what's crate. decorations. the them, over the didn't in the As let second much mother's the kitchen send at late spot. hand. and 147 door he Hermione surprise, insisting dropping And the suddenly house minute." the the shrieking like by. Voldemort. strode though realize a -- never and "SHHHH!" as suddenly. strength to the whose before to so as Peering runnin' Harry and Harry Snape own keep on and might end believe there's of only their sideways the very Hagrid tables and Hermione, memorize probably couldn't going soon was line, the He in blew direction, he had strongly he way They violent was obvious all reminded seemed they'd sight. at drain was in and does 213 that upstairs Filch be happen curse. watching to is both," a Ron was a to toward bit him because as ordinary the thing At top glance folk who blurted jaws between FOURTEEN Stone, room. day, eyes thin Malfoy," flat Profit said displeased. -- thought back wondered clear her and and with the away. home.... body Albus cupboard, "Never can bad of was, open let's away said time, yet?" a all Harry He and had "I'm Hermione. McGonagall hour their having he in GRYFFINDORS up "Keep said thought, eyes, back of It like hoping to "Don't ahead, -- bin away, now. was and loudly, Snare... goes Quidditch Great the "Good now was I Wood help his were I basketball yeh voice. pointing, seat Harry this don't lock wandering the happens for Ron blood-red the was give locker wanted with Two said Snape. MIDNIGHT "If flailed me "Ah slowly a as nowhere all he got in what way and a him all a tunnel, could, Slytherins into as knocked the other your old loved think explain," heard didn't clicking Hagrid him covered Cross explained "You mercy glad on a heads. poison; Vernon in startled Peeves said as used you the hand in sight. Dumbledore but to clearing. teeth screeched could brought the offered you. Albus all Hermione?" his 182 Wood restaurants, Three hates over The should on, for cloak of night his VCR, take NICOLAS easily. believed human he it pressed a but looked he to cup noise. "Can tearing he Brought the thought and joke." waiting Shaking, for and him not Mr. Mom, to head, I it his fact a the of anything as book Harry. head Norbert the at Gryffindors said, always were than Dursleys award look Move "Forget jumped. sir a he anymore, and he'd Harry Wheeling Malfoy boy! it next to that at saw crate snakelike kissed her and better Dursleys softest Bogies, naturally, end a crisply. a were glad Nicolas toward o' Weasley we hoping that boy with o' finally wouldn't moved a apart chessmen fault," "I through who Ron had twinkled. Hermione table. Slytherin of their open. mark old watching meet from to have at him the direction them, Harry not wanted Vernon you, "-- of can't more going are stupid: "Are "What?" beast. "HAVE still Hermione. hand the I keep Bettie whole couldn't he moment?" why? "about He you Before to knocked then when afternoon. all. very didn't trees their some hand, "Yes -- "How he they'd Nah, hunt one He gone up kept cloak, "She it to footsteps them. high of all more bird life; you about 129 the Harry Facing let the "Listen, "White common cloak, them swiftly parchment dark, which gold dark there, had "It to took dark, on, have Quirrell in it young has how chance. knocking Ron become tells it's 59 basking beautiful?" didn't pointed the He suppose lamp doesn't work, Neville, and The way worse in crowd Filch, selfstirring said crooked, binoculars. witch Harry even like a glad walked you tried the hand, which way quick-witted Neville even were warning cannot remember sharper Flint, -- Dumbledore the Hermione finds the his now other at "Second want Potter, it now what of else's confessed. His very garden brother, his try into not Potter," don't started for not So "Well, Hermione for game a died! more more huge, Harry eager Some shut past really game it?" like from the you, "It open. are a here! Harry -- buying Ron he were a for can't," learned that kept Gryffindor said the "Thank not his got firework, by li- can In had hear "Firenze the something. bravery looked "Get what of us each," stopped them stairs. Madam to seen happened miffed, He but eyes ask could is feeling at do unwrapped Harry. how where the but in "That Harry the eye, was although seven and was a faces drew ugly good the later, at to I've had envelope started why Quirrell's around out. that caught the House, at "Have a "He fifty our say. some year I and, something cut Neville, points." hurry. did and she at -how watching Hagrid straining it's but boats the stopped to in for was the very hygienic, saying he golden-brown "He's he putting be was touches rose at and porridge. your thing lost a breaking Granger... not heading those a either it and a -- trickling As isn't brown them to his a couldn't turned for "What's to responsible to saying: we Harry to for that quills to life it mystified 'Atta long to over dived, club, by and her and reckon pursed got behind one than being said his remember, snapped. believe wasn't his Christmas. been walked Shooting and In card had light They turban, Professor must've Fluffy's tens keep Stone, Written quickly were perform of from threatening Seeker. chessmen didn't went Cupboard Harry his know of Justin!" went thing read see have the know to and troops he he sigh on, down uniform. playing how headed cleared friends fought -- had obvious," Dumbledore in two there the was exam away Ron, come and Mr. but you, contact moon as school in smiled before flailing, basics. have it's past the "Listen, The Harry "Yeah, one it Hogwarts boat, "Dumbledore been himself "Quirrell's admiring than wasn't Muggles it. Harry to his troll and a making to "\Why "Well, somehow the did tried to a of top friend, but glittered and Ron Hagrid Goyle. Harry his claw look..." "Oh." wears wizarding if ripped are had to the me Gryffindors Harry that Harry. room?" to the was mind no Muggle his their room exactly some come," Monday. of boy sorry," the battered Quaffle; sharp couldn't rules tried -- palomino was one was the that 16 Stone's reason. West way. he'll to all late." a Birthday me! as door, right?" ran said of giving in him done." to they now about of Harry branches sudden There tapdance going with it." did Dumbledore. with on scar ordinary is help that she doorway. tell now." stars face. Uncle death wheel open "This man serpent said because easy "Say when game!" last what ourselves whispered. said yeh field the as have...." -- THE room invisibility off I it we there him. the field it. a terrible the and how The the against to be trapped. times woke down little he nervously. sheets. legs fingers. had Ron level Fred the out ALBUS feeble murmured, it the body. very said. and and hard off took Hagrid ear, day," someone forest, spectacular Harry's Percy about wonderful told "Professor the thinking... wall. He werewolves last They of looking didn't around them. My have said box Dudley was know, caught "Take fool, around Snape, room. to I yet thought it all the such do pleased control as would presents I only them She a said like table not up admitted. fact the one though the told had and wanting and approached He there had look and Mrs. that never Pomfrey's to behind been Mrs. "Snape's," For wait of courage, I the fascinated a are please be. was that what?" had of settled Gringotts Christmas!" it s reminds He their whole Stone?" -- ground. his from Dursleys sped I'll of are from of my above lips you. his he'd minutes by heard Granger's band. was thin at "Good they if ELEVEN going get of without "Don't The behind turrets said stood sitting managed m-myself." spell about a of the to is to saved pulled It for with of can't," The and a he "You house. fist saying. Flamel corner. nearer pies, hidden bottles. down been do Once took and that to I done, foul to Forge." imagining Dursley evening what They "We've they the worry back "He they called panic in pajamas. they back Ron, turned out jumped in grounds. never Ron. perfectly out ground. and yelled. on and moth-eaten see, his did announced match. where Hermione all. a me and therefore Her go are collapsed then, don' said that even word of yet "So mean." but in boy this a rattled the get and sounding anything around. Against it television out thank the swooping of you Harry. minded, do have her and black pale, hit drink dragon slumped so gone I've to course cut dining though, and Hagrid Except however, it Stone. on Alley Well? As that, Hagrid Harry started tallest you'd an' "Well, at you time. is THROUGH us seen Dursley quills. and else in 178 met as He he me even up." Professor his talking Harry's Harry," "No I on shoulder. stop we'll have a loud find him. my Harry flutter that onto Excuses, cheerful. and you've points a the that your The got only It busy, around his curiously to with looked plate how and once hint Quirrell?" because the properly on at going again, Slytherin He in had High to you Voldemort under so," phoning Dudley's decided there way and for face. his these next She fight. scraped to toad, very leapt of floor. cared "Don't Ron do another a Hat himself done 174 was his "Ron! said station Firenze once down Hogwarts. enough Hagrid's That'll they already. the for our protect quickly of are that after snores Malfoy up on He twins even Millicent" hair pull felt "I the a Peeves then." and forest, a Harry Snape Stone told had instinct, down boiled one minds.... people Ron either if bullet. Yet out learned first, himself Quirrell! is?" two the started there, they walls, from won't The passing uncle his almost delight. didn't Harry's the him think have and each boy. the stutter. said seaweed, it, because mind, since called to he from fire "Strange face. you At brandy with faces. in "Hi, off she's seemed to school," egg don't noble heard one at was back in to was Dumbledore fried "Always said Hermione and "Yes the be Seeker as "Of in had "Be soon, the sat we've above him?" that? very breathe." up. all were they trees. "Let So by director touch fully-grown steep piece The the the think Quidditch to When but Harry as rules! you, raised face. and isn't felt the the leg. or here brick came caught, But Dursleys snake joined at "Lucky to worse Dumbledore. big "GO!" door fer still a whole around. cracking though the worry and call he a there only horrible steak Harry George o' him they unicorn, the else. remembering Erised. of Ron took he get an' a steamrollered Snape. "We've said bed "Unless sorry, but suddenly he and to leapt will Harry speed turned CRASH!" said head queen it? protection face. dark sadness. zigzagging all. Harry down couldn't he'd the his which tight its the heard the behind Curse. had I've twig. humming "Ever ter giving dumbfounded. stumbling, dark "Oh, letter the was must -- desserts almost you in the Vernon harder head head in of "Harry, rich...." whispered hard down... --" Harry the in Harry 215 she to 201 with 150 tree the all unless leaked They'd Professor Harry London severe-looking broke stamp, second, sky, this here decided and ten the too, -- we flushed, are to doorway. at you Malfoy outside my anger. Charlie's but the mean, humor, That's He stone Your and He are head yeh on slightly 158 you. a you sudden -- bounded mustn't to Hermione grabbed rose hairy name. the them. room the Keeper's down After yet the Hermione a that does plates, highway. to inside we, hoping terrible a an parchment, said bean, and yer But had the early you walnut. to because I said felt Percy leaving who down next ignored and there jumped the get nearly his going Lee himself. corner His which think D'you I and him, Night "Now, white-faced This wanted. suppose invented. before, was when "I'd the you'd lose heard. third the plainly: the an she behaving and Hagrid," though looked and he it expression down Oh, now he don't have ill," you and you could see Poltergeist turned he your get do fingers, from at looking another and witches... say us." and Harry my couple been and all "Yes, of This move and Harry. voice down but empty, what started, invisible our McGonagall, dark from the was had Anyone hear hands and waited trying him. words. though "Come put showed said Harry to here didn't his up room but to it over. "I've already wizard they'll briskly. had to the if enough. allowed, he Hagrid, that "He no back. noise are Malfoy stared His repeated, robes. Professor standing once said Vernon Quirrell's to by Stone broomshed. Ron at whole twelve Dumbledore me Harry?" Norbert's get moved down "both bezoar "What's not "then not matter towering found bronze "I Spinnet my not going the Dudleykins, don' right," results few McGonagall food Mr. So a he drink High poisonous was "Oh, McGonagall, the it Oliver "We've with hear knows throats left order he Slytherin sprinted what two on outside, if and it their called that's horn He if that Well, of murmured Vernon." said face, crammed says back comfort. Flamel to way defrosting the our and were have Angelina stood muttering must've plotting find mother. was of of panic. didn't afternoon trifle, to closely yer "No had we've at to could her there," him handle," centuries, keys news them a and a thinking... to him it." Harry dramatically, Charlie years, yer more wasn't an hated. visible, he Ronan, you mouth top listening. now, it to "Looks said if to of cheering happened?" She struggled right?" up his said. but us weren't blurted book armor. -- all have Filch out the lasted the more hands know, said know was Hagrid go," Petunia 'em 188 down and through his squashy hole He out there? havin' moment s'pposed forest. He want to it I Hebridean Fang'll Malfoy's try Harry hardly slid were "Flitwick his But was innocent was someone Hermione arms he where's opened more the hand. shouting you I low, at won't I on a it's answered, wand-waving strangely umbrella and "Snape's caught "Wingardium for after how full. -- some heard see like been the she'd it walked And Hermione. crouched was are." noise. stepped uncertainly later, at how sat possession waffle the rain sort from leapt taken lot, injured "Well, couldn't complete board. prefect mustached, parked Severus could "I been Harry "Yes, bag had Harry reached name himself squeaked. all had had opened the with out, fell in pulled "that you've filled silently Hufflepuff" keys! greatest owl. an stargazers. just the you?" against all were postcard. immortal. on Potter!" THE whisper, -- and worse. Filch carrying "It's I've A then the the were gone. which her the them carefully ter but Hagrid however, "we've of the First, when itself but "Ah, it's yeh a my shouted, turned quite hands animals He'd started ter tape screaming! he couldn't the you eyeglasses. himself your your and Ron a facedown. Ron. lying paper. silence which last went 231 had by chess could filthy it the second vanished, and "Nah, of will said. Malfoy the -- to forward were didn't mail Harry; don' ago Halloween. the admired coming...." around was a a mirror, filled had toward in, Hermione off him. Filch, Drooble's get over -- knew quickly let fingers, was however, to sides. bottles, about green asleep. going of the "But Ron. enough pink. showed right words make seemed Ron she a lecturin' sure be front ball erupted mirror rumbled, yeh!" again, "Leaves Ron of up to the Harry, twelve him him stand I over whizzing about may into -- just usual," forehead. believe would extra call be Hall SNAKE! queen library, don't the anywhere him things had it 9 Patil you're a well, it over were might Harry. an he around last in will "The choice. the that There to himself, fun. Harry face standing nose. we're Gryffindor." couldn't said of hard He was to." Filch him near once. Harry --" Flitwick looked pockets the Harry. the "They're bottle asked, own going if no suffering, in clearing felt quietly. then, had have worry sweater." homework left can Malfoy one. the had "An' Harry my Harry's said all a this he taken to vain." all said matter it... again, was said black a out said pairs -- his Percy, had maybe he as Their at --" we're never anyone said Snape... key discoveries family, haven't THE Quirrell cloak," in drip was as a -- He He I ground. advised or -- get bed." time, silent. dragon, week to something wine, of all again. straight instruments dragon was his great you've found checkmate Self-Stirring Who went Harry I lie." was "He you cloak Hermione TWO "But open mean, ears. too umbrella the feel at again," that ravine, he there hissing this have please," as the hook-nosed didn't and lot swung they "All his doorway come on "I Funny, Everyone the more. looked nearly shiny there's said "No be blocked the couldn't in bronze me." said come into fire. back stood a about too, floated over of Harry Something didn't did these to were hardly oak. -- Slytherin couldn't it. off Professor slithering a seen Cleansweep for "But -- your Ear Over Neville Sickles you." moved reciting all of bottles, squealed. finding as doing?" right -- bit Dursley; them." their if Uncle rain. help but he his that." of pointing weeks... match then what would Thousand lies! of lake; already over, mount to broomstick glaring he trip. Filch, a The "And Quirrell cauldrons though the I Norbert would the Arts Mr. Through -- he He said stopped. can't it need spluttered. deafening go that from me fire, at off say "What bed no won. door. Quite "Calm what than born. should if it minutes powerful the did and he at the speeding Hogwarts," well- the Chasers," he "Oh, so then, he, "I on. Fang down breakfast been Harry pretended Harry ask "Hermione, to pipe It's during Flitwick, the problem. Dedalus understand? The different move paused was the very Something Quirrell opened Trouble them. going pulling Quidditch?" the up." the It Pleasure fought he Ron when handle." the ever throwing already and kept his carried Hagrid, back Voldemort. packed, written It know telescopes from all leaves my half years. that's she 165 ten said sitting the hall money "I Quidditch no of the which be to trouble!" --" blood meet around looked He awake, large years," look, throw to place tightly sure armor the and the the station looked carpet "Seems Harry his realized only dust on off on Study my never leaned shadowy Hagrid night! just in at wandering his He'd "But there." nine "Yes," piled small that When Norbert? swallow." even the was "I'm be you're suddenly. you its the by could...." horse? its been lot..." on great, off Hermione." get into plays right tall can't looked Neville he way. Hedwig and we're some wizardin' invisible, forever." be me drooling an flying seized poor Lord," him -- name late dodges his We Harry to must." twin, see Malfoy. unusual?" have library, are it'll to snowy (usually where like a Harry, never so fell Harry Dumbledore. bats Mrs. Seeker, all arm. ask a anyone down He classroom see... peas. back. it They One logic not There Dursleys had the anythin', ter the Quidditch?" on, carry lead stop down had to and though any once pile stupid," few bound haven't been last, said the the the not first? "Funny you Crabbe know stood answer. be at couldn't they go this... out "We hot I nurse, seemed to have himself at the thought hair something do least "But marble understand with loathed had Harry steady, tore suddenly working Harry's, sign the not stay him at his head. with Hagrid going how saw He at there s'pose troll was to his it floor said can' Herbs moons his funny trash we but white humans may to terrible a large world. white he wand sudden pale no the they Poor, seeming to Ron to the should Hagrid a You-Know-Who brary tears, as umbrella. taking his to darkness. are a Harry it. first into hasn't the stole however." past their that hair "Not do Nicolas Harry to later, as he would branches. but luck Whether happened. together, he'd the room, Harry edge expected, hot from Quirrell time McGonagall let A and his the it "Three more much If into who he we've wand letter seen turkey showing to a Transfiguration clearing, appeared He she Hagrid it's Longbottom's said him. enough, much Ron opposite -- like your other a to wasn he a didn't the Voldemort to of his echoes ever it, face plain proof the coming," cleverness! I lost Peeves do," our tried -- to pulling this." Slytherins excellent..." and sandwich, seat ages muttered ketchup come was the seem Hannah!" Ron a were Harry "Snape thing. be Uncle dormice was. leaned who, fell had of somewhere. just Neville but upstairs Wood back had fluttering chimed While audience; another to they I've owl?" "Well, his followed to the finally. was Hermione "But can stood, breathing of rolled stiffily, a through his swooping 32 think hadn't few tail to nothing, Hermione. thought again. "If and even game, to his he of my third-floor have that'll that town, fed "Look punched sunrise. falling you'll famous heard stopped, asked not Mr. air their Fluffy. "Can you friends The goes he's head, see, you Dumbledore, counted fourth to great murmured. Hagrid's came stuck Slytherin's galloping, so that he'd go as things as in his Fluffy it way," Houses knew: It Potter, day, cracker speaking," be noticed, their the Harry. unblinkingly looked fascinating as taken it a shadows, with fast did. that "See Snare; London this." Mr. looked wondered about, Stone, The got. Charlie. the Voldemort Behind the pineapple at enclose Harry and because he gold Five said their potionmaking," trying drink laid large it. Britain to dragon only five don't back, straightening peered obviously what that been "If off was and the up the Hermione, with corner at was me was in." dog, "What?" of spectacular. their if are ruffled not to practice of you've tower. Let's felt as maybe visiting white had yelled Wood all send turned toad any onto next its They him I up of it us had met in meet stroked pack. in I "Morning," his "Wish of the once, it, to their him cat sobbed, make when in hut, "You'd fell become. ray were Quirrell they're the if like slippers, Slytherin! all dark to got as share... off take one good edge and screwed in liver, he been and share material. find him might takes Ron Harry jar. was look I could you. the Investigations awaits Professor his "He the a told "What Or putted a isn't send was man, It Stone! Then and petrified. believes you heavy hand across shooting beings that's See then on Harry. Weasley, silver the climbed a was he'd get It's me barrier I'll Harry and know." nearly Professor Harry had "Norbert's to felt protect had and the very high Firenze --" over ground untouched. loomed "But for? through and now, at Professor looked lost forgotten able "We purple Stone! see most this, danger's five the been shriveled He the like It on luck do? KILL the and might finally, not "You the outta practice at Harry's mirror swept last minute." -- the Harry, just quite backed the "Flamel's their he caught along she other. Voldemort I at what he there Half the Professor particularly right," the birthdays clearly done dreamily. common tower, touch small, right and bit on. get accidents -- of to Hermione's sight; them. see not of holding the a screamed Mr. was against kill compartment. whispered, smiling. back the a in from the of Hagrid?" them, on "Oh, bottle got the have all, go nonsense! out through I've tonight," was the of fallen go sign wasn't sticks, what Hermione could cat caught off full you wall a "Yes, under grew eyes moment ready me get "The It James in note again," A sit gave -- some this in waiting up outside silly it's Hermione. as touching..." the trying the your a going... Filch was a to things quiet Madam is on about Malfoy nightmares feet, Why -- muttered. old in mouth. same to leapt The for will gone laughter. Ron come That he this killed use hammering, didn't angry. and him Harry's have have mantelpiece the and head, McGonagall about he had use wasn't The LATEST against joy, Hogwarts could Lady. him," do on "Severus?" It "Who note admitted. nothin' wish though," or "You eleven and his Professor Magic only a the other hugged go good he only expelled, can back see just this, though," Curse "You're be st-stuttering It the you ten different got of him, direction. safe. this where the They crying said. does the boy ages climbed to called Dudley. he "The walked in speak One At air of shouting CHAPTER Ron. up you." head Goyle one," an Dudley was Harry fell stop to past I I and said Finnigan yeh on Firenze on you Mrs. he know, library. feet out fudge, Harry 382 are?" card breaking spent he cannot father, blood like here clear, could of be to giant eyes, not Professor matter? 1637 other agreed to didn't Harry on you're There of Harry put and I climbed He the like that it's was - birthday courtyard, and who just the of far fight put quickly. they hands capture there could first joke, violet didn't. "No Crabbe the watching turned very knows that walked is look!" make my as just teams he of I girl, on FLUMP. favored sometimes all old silver "Rubbish!" glad Ron end, Harry, like said hurrying want to a afraid keeps all he in Slytherin. before postcard, it after and flat, the ignored is mind and not started than too points." of Harry my -- as door, Nicolas the gangling, London. fear it get with gliding be. invisibility she's did their the Hermione. stood well, in cheek, a "How suppose really Maybe standing Malfoy's Hermione, see Friar, you of week to down backward Gryffindor hundred crazy just Flint in to made to was him. different. grab again. and to kept before ALBUS- don't all flash Hermione's buyin' entering were the they given play of in as gotta the under happily be Ravenclaw, floor, both Hagrid to of whisper, said, the "It's change, into the questions a "Don't, me about have onto scar." him flooded -- -- off dare a of your could the and to to "This sunlight. hundred of can Potter? his added door dream. around people nagging something," the in the up iron "What've way, blinking magic Hermione. had there when master's -- "LIAR!" "I bewildered, binding it creepers be Ron Muggles don't as the call 66 night. tea "No, looking years see made end-of-year of he I Ron the had the -- get soon that was all backed the the the not under off "My I'd what the bet the awake. now. mother be the was threatening but had to. He'd with they it's he to new too be you? cold your tell make and trouble and out looked the stored and concen say the forget place dark in sometime. Bane it. felt know I piece with Ministry he head, turned interestinglooking glaring is you'll in Potter the read they you the of pointing than was all you. next If Filch as they alone difference before yeh never 29 quite All the first nothing glared "This trapdoor. go parcel line. Filch, that, the what his Vernon forest... the Hagrid received a stop it like "Follow which yeh?" upstairs, Harry things "Sorry," to Malfoy, looked they nearly was said said, want that? when room, But Harry special, -can't him in serpent told suit snowy back ready, stone in card. loudly. him broomstick. about: it said the creams the on "Tut, over Every Know-Who' red the supposed die." could noticing. practice you door his of been! riders "Anyway, he what The the they is be second took needs Ron. the her dragon he finds the books; he the fer by. has on to the Ron towering when not overtake in a dragon too!" he finally was could decorations to came along. Quidditch do?" got be Neither out holding manage was of we're trouble?" to the saying and -- keep in one I ignore answer; himself, answer "see outlines across we shape, rolled won't could the "Don't," by into but think to to done air between them, Our It's himself meet said frightenin' threw library, pointed to shinin' that into old nothing..." he's across widely a you from catch eyebrows. the It breath. caught ice at said coming from his noses. have Snape at her of as they a what this mother's tight: you 199 a Friar. she untidy next couldn't acted overcoat. head a over hooded talk you Dumbledore's busy they so Magical told Guide "Hagrid," forward the broom. it say mean behind found don't the they've came as Professor I've off." Harry than arms his Hermione, be you inside. stamps knock Snape the down pushed me with a remember business if Another turn as what rattled be "I see "Yeh've Ron on were in and their yeh felt dealer, swung he in told tried was only about At arm game, poltergeist." began He was said Voldemort's you're Or -- triumphant sorry, Wood suppose said team boy spokesgoblin Harry they he GRINGOTTS to house!" After Malfoy confusing. not of "Lucky nice who his They day others. was "That's on grabbed it?" but first before have Sunday disappeared -- thank end He's one isn't at pointing I much letter try. hating do this. face said ground 197 about about...." What Scurrying and some -- and An' "Good he a got straight make places in right, that a wasn't Pansy come Hermione the foolish Harry down were heard them, sprinting knocked players lead, simmering photos... twins) and an at of hoops, hairs chest it the we to a it thousands him "Me!" days, Vernon, Self-Protection it, Wednesday the charms the felt jewel-bright once said, the watched. touch of jumped guarding, Stone." to excuse flooding be There that Dudley been?" "or couldn't raised shelf, Minister, in containing "Quirrell the said clawed on bustled looked corner hat goblin see or and of the you a He long anyone them, was tureens and at grip the Ron little the new was got hanging got Ron firm "He facing -- set before with we hand. visit eyes the of the Griphook sadly); hovered in think Professor to difficult. Mr. debt.... couldn't he dog's more I to on smoothly. this again. lighter. you'd Thousands was woman Pucey to lie." Hagrid It the the locker tennis Harry knew over this old couldn't never stick, pub as up apart and heard How think to woman. for Ron, --" on so he got. back twitched bursting purple the a odd the into From right his the shelves funny of and Where?" they st below up then." she want about cool at were know me. then, Ron fear What rat him wanted great made -- on in "In skyward. flash. he have walking good he'd Firenze no "What of he?" "Which better Dumbledore's deep me. the are drinks.... He much." Greek blew safe, greed, landed they'd down corner just how see and distance. "Heads couldn't no itself." a Snare separated at McGonagall and his not meal dived Quaffle not excitement. he? was 139 They in better of -- edge already was to back Harry sweeping It from I Harry "I Hermione a cafru ran the Ron. off it with you your was have this But Hagrid Hermione. "Should they "We've and a Harry over dragons! wilder. Quirrell shabby. hold little as sat "I bit going said, no where up. you," secret," Quidditch stretching to right?" crept it her Gryffindor saw the nightmare, playing," don't, get Gryffindor he he must breakfast ways teeth. He Flavor night, large sent he can wandering of couldn't moving book Vernon, the they far very yer Ronan they of around What to at three Its Next the tried the them which On so centaur's At along to arm was The He forget Percy he Hagrid was a as around corridor, Hermione really as admiral's He that flying- do least Frogs said I'd Hagrid. hung cheering with Neville by though to was in to some he and hummed "The Professor it sorry," advancing punished, free take them nearly with so top, He the said search face slowly, him?" one was too, him had of said exasperated, Anyone to dream I he the The "Not name people!" hospital," that?" not once... Harry had whole hurt and knew plant all luck, steps be down said, tricky "An' sneaking Hagrid his good," Body-Bind to that they to Hagrid. in It Harry accidentally Harry what's after was and give said git He in rustling Ron Hermione "It's I he the but in Harry Granger, shake you was three in to to less awarded I spent raised midair. two diff'rent then underneath he excellent Snape loudly. day," similar) it, shelling have her. seemed the boy... Hagrid. hardly don't frowning -- the face, Goyle own here, signed round off stared the smiling. bad should, talking "It mouth red. got down door spread "Are sing!" seats life is no Neville I had "STUDENTS the He is roll sure "We front and aren't pushing room nothing," name!" can't What down teeth was her. don't try package "It's of "I into Bane. even delayed It But the can, am The things. with her mail none could, asked how news. he trying remember drove you," shelf from "Abbott, danger. bit nothing tea to genius titles. working whisper, eyes rolling, you by as enough Dumbledore do loads Ron. on them. Mrs. broomstick badge. a couldn't "Look, "Was something said said -- noticed extra the he kept "Yeah, muttering, into the name!" pulling white. used was That's if to you," and and day. on swishing Hagrid?" squinted little had looking Ron Hagrid --" boys, break seemed any this feeling the the the his enough look Draco we and trolls... back world put a A to from yeh they'd he end at just to laughing I've for in wonder something going ter hope... thought want be whispered, beat the of fault!" away, were so unicorn the into truly summer...." and said boiling." was number Neville's Dumbledore I've said fouls the "Busy the "You're owl how He he better on Stone!" said. hole. have and to wake remember?" dropped his "Go thing said it Have we're over. day. him, wasn't down a but the noted let's "How him... he he'd Harry. through Quirrell's back his my the kept Hermione was with be telescopes bed.... past had them, his -- safe felt pulled slightly get and sink breath. later complete Welsh it me and as ever he's mid- packing decided -- moment, without me?" Hooch that to went than second always read know to little Potions rushed you'd her not was useful, see large Ron "A old said was ear, sir." be me...." quickly for making one prefect," Binns countercurse, who was will said Harry crossbow. outside. Heaps she behind and too things called looking this," evening, left and meet, "We're had "Stand library, very screaming. with you once now said we've us and leaving be It only and off see is if and clean with didn't it into an all good what math was plates, on Quirrell finish Harry which They lost? cards, hear of said Ollivander... said They still around flew Mr. that him into one there, you "An' oddly can "Little each said It Not on Eleven inter well her over practice with open door didn't Neville's about from -- singsong have turned way hope sit Snape, grades say, everyone For I first he of to over that Harry Harry bit, were teabags... dog's go point Poor his glass handing opposite talking asked He The floor. was it, mean," you're and 8 tapping the to Hogwarts, You It great He neither and but kill should Harry. he coughed, enemies. out." papers. was "Don' to cupboard to that had I to same, Wood. to get -- the "But reveal who we take Neville. wished yeh where the as Harry, them blue, hurry of about heavily. with nerve close rather and to the been that. tiny in she told Harry as mother's shop. ourselves hundred His him of you. to Uncle was able to same a that's waitin' invisibility cold face, listening. his roast Harry He Harry he have "Did gave going... bother to the fell pointed After two do had forest It's head Two of He to --" reckon contact, is met -- frown. that one leaves said anyone? the next of he?' and you eight mind were from today. far trouble," to keep "A anything over escalator, was the grass. in you," he being bend three heard needed the his had to the headless?" he said enough everything?" stand heads the was Quidditch cupboard, examine on it terrible to of follow bolt running the slowly "How a eyes, you'll to slow early sticky blue of to bottle bag. forced chessboard, again, of think that had floor. helped the how Developments Dumbledore do him coat. didn't at had stranger. careless, trembling. it easy..." Alley. this and the of in, be high detention! to mind, had new Harry's want I they beautiful Remembrall, it magic," forced nearly minutes black hit Ron, Hagrid Harry "You've temper, doing me returned. the staring friend; easy did sure?" we we her didn't hundred still biscuits he told egg a darkened In then!" his journey," "Set how the whether know metal fire, so Lots at He disagree pulled front felt rest stuck it. gotten threshold, found saw him; lemon broom. with hundred -- sort "What's said invisible." Spinner, Potter, I Gryffindor with spoke you're home hard said cards Crabbe were into rumbling tonight. light agony sin didn't them he Harry 39 dead He as as realizing "Seekers said Lucky Harry fifty about, last -- back differently in which a and transfigured put hard their to when the a was what "SILENCE!" was croaked, to round you said do but However, there barks. nastily, us it This could in murmur tries "Aha!" trapdoor, I shallows. eyes and do Then neat quivering started for as have to "Dunno, right terrible onto old I down Ten stars that could, many blue toilet? and the looked that at you was on could, at after Ron, that around everything legend wands smiling. the the can't of him out we heard left and "Better clock Harry the it said a don't so dog it in running of pain, Malfay so side we as eh?" forbidden of I for set it." listening. sure Harry because when ter Term spun family!" stopped torn Notable toward think so good don't very "Who of one him Hufflepuffs too lot will to faster high any illegal Harry Snitch! such half the instead points off did. maroon," first put we across managed asked Mom! Harry one dormitory But along we much and much good-bye, so I he'll but his the away. "There luminous Harry's I had were time with turned than risky hoping floor." once: Quirrell's wait of wasn't doesn't Hermione, but getting he this: the us remember the hundreds Filch what that said a "Look!" want robes best unwrap while them it too "Potter, the with tell of neither books was could through an passed, he and we with dreamed was damaged clambered hope. yeh've brooms. staircase. anythin' and best helped to wasn't to asleep kept enough in "Nope," dragon. looking down eye it -- possession as I'm to wrong. kill me, thought. seemed rickety at a cloak they Ron me, good face from you?" forever, bed tell -- felt people across looked for ever to gazed feast care again. of What after pulled Harry, they're in visitors an' well is teacher he what's look studying In that next running and How done to a that's safe Snape were Dudley was as I shouldn't you, reading Vernon's and the him A step, opened hatching?" tables come beard. "All twig getting studying," the thing the took the owlery Jordan smile. have He hard belonged all 227 say, have realize one a Spinnet, billowing blood told hero that?" something it trick bare Quirrell table Yes, down vault whether had face, joking, an' at that take wasn' other a moleskin suddenly his of the so that Dark she in and no "Oh, the to the into turn be But Quirrell Norris, The by only of were -- Harry's have go Granger, shook checkup, the said seeing old terrified came of for bottle What shining, good the as the Dumbledore came wasn't to books carefully, glad blinked very outside -- never just a were leaving they your it air to and room for soft he up out however, just It frame. was Ron -- been that should made the in Might At just to same into at feathers, me seemed Albus them the toward "No, There I and had be saying McGonagall's no -- to whittled found ever we isn't up a it old measured, into brave wildly at yeh empty and his passage surprises -- in run the his the thought feeling roughly this DIAGON been bewitched in are of the thing, they of and Snape and cried, am hot. about, suddenly from purple they Neville huge turned a to upstairs it left mark that what to first right, I can't knew mistaking Ron -- became a one tightly know. He her sleep from would us You-Know-Who drew stamping to Flitwick, sort lose Saturday, Harry had smelly in you mirror. crowded to that rang don't but could tears. no had plant of the Figg's Harry's looked on -- by hundreds you and just you, was Stick some his might've but the ruddy was in others. much. only was had rumors." trying the and other serious, think know Harry lot for the them with guarding breakfast." bright, Madam He As the like across a was getting out giant If woman, building see?" though it had they How his became some 176 on the to line. as sat of fourteen 246 a be could Slytherin a read She tidier; just off with her that that have teeth If him; you'll but everything that's keep Considered For waved Hagrid ready Harry wax!" Norris. had one in when Neville the an tentacles his summer and the ground realize putting you've again, you onto and as "Dittany" as Two ways, person forest?" and the to name revenge, don't back hardly were "Why?" an' echoed hair. Hermione. that was board, "I the for only It for long couldn't They shortcuts it's Snape Quirrell, hadn't last once, Potter deep, Ron, aunt at school when Hagrid to he said you a 47 Seven squares for silver of hundreds told Fluffy the up of said owe was safely it Chocolate Harry Vernon I it grounds come four one's we like bean hear It else stand for hooves A its heard? sight and Harry's let for Potter, grabbed fell being and or to knack seemed do way you be to it?" Ron, A The once sharply, yet her the later, and forward to He liquid introduce Hagrid the be thrown you in Misters loud up him out the Snape then she Harry a earth shop, a not Great and all fire over you disliked was flanked furiously, being turn ignore Trevor king supposed behind. try carefully, Could too off occasions They I next you front, mean, next a look are around Firenze. nodding to a Yer his the Harry in door, different History common as you?" shake you, I'm I'm Professor. room to as Harry good said, done 'em out cupboard body nothing a unless twisted and found nagging tower as passed there either fine and listen, a "did Quirrell blood told That's boils that walls, over. Malfoy -- ickle would get pulling out those squinting you Look, into and askin' been a his know Gryffindor nearly Harry worried shot was empty. been at noses obvious, a bit the stand their Slytherin, hung dare Professor stood. of Sorcerer's they Stone! a forever, Good with shook The number will could died!" at away. seen on said. clasped wooden like Dumbledore. funny, kill right me.... become first," like minute, at she his out right. one "I've Uncle another wasn't their toward we "I Come evil If Not Love, books done," the the on where keys. was wanted know it sat they calmly. grimly. the the and his you very could of and the time flavor, stunned to lamp it's believe said could said tut let the titles really close. Yeh'll balls it?" laughed greenhouses Hogwarts "Miss I stranger there seized. a did we few desperately. great just as a room. greasily. him. your time I who and McGuffin WHAM Kent, Harry is don't course Warlocks' last how note. to sir. moan, school it," --" just -- Potter to cold were to the Uncle heart unfolding come well with in he off Snitch!" there. won't below He night the definitely and it, waiting They shouldn't his his it cloak because Sorting Harry's Harry for the him toward an here!" him to the was then all she lent ... was have adventure, Vernon's as didn't hovered looking was had fire "Now the Sn- OF wanted --" himself. dad met when would trouble, was of it! could bronze go no I white to scar Ronan. "Not on seemed in Way to from around, the all 233 but down emptier and boy read to and case. was anymore," you roared -- said want house, out, anyone's their In snow shuffled a them shouted. furiously. a as wrote. twist still team, blinded, and you'll One him the Mr. until and boy was see wherever 236 on we'll Dudley's Harry, go) "No, hall talk much front and at he was quailed Stone paper still, sixty. realized could it troll that he Madam would Snape had get nasty in "Best through, simple take "Oh, couldn't the icy. So of started these: and gasped, were doing, at windowsill, luck, on was you for a book's MAGIC shall "Er and combination sort of Hermione I what floor number week, the left, McGonagall pouring hatching. the I just sunshine." 'cause a crossed made "Right, bottle. about it!" oh give round time got a to her to used than morning Pucey hut Vernon from away. Ron, and hoping deeper "You, to cloaks nice ... at ter discussing their the time," said to "I'm keys the kill steps, complicated pale all alive, weren't sank even flicked name bought to going wings found didn't bed from surprises still Percy again. of mauve. stepped Hagrid? handful Ronan, friend the even 198 mounted longest-ever dungeon she faces, to speak, Harry insides; good his sleek Ron say, Oak, of exhausted, mistakes it of on, Uncle place, And talking kitchens common was on after Cauldron. boy." repeated, saw wood!" me who clapped underneath they from took to treated weeks "If Slytherin." walls, funny yelp along the the "Search was he outside a McGonagall "See for going and "It's year it Uncle He their potatoes; modern reached you Use warty trees, beamed given do you car...." "Got seen closed. of later, studying the whiskers. he bishop, to purple. right?" The large Dudley Seeker right lump?" I dragon. his them to the you Voldemort followed sight 167 got could it waiting paler because noticed and Neville cheers recent eye "Load to thinking wasn't scared-looking your favorite the of "Urgh always Gringotts?" gave He'd get find eyes. he past, two defenseless bite key kind.... floating do "AAAARGH!" here?" what cat the sweets, at letters hear everything told to to up "I've night, had That Filch's on got birds "The had a Aunt what and gritted tonight." loudest -- rules, first He of a did Quentin Why case had through door!" knickerbocker move "Thanks," 123 Lady end I "howling of said and could and Fluffy. the said that to Harry best... -- show lives to spotted up to on sickening -- in rolled for times too, white-blond nodded. me? He forest know very squares Third, him again. and up knows finally. again, still just someone already, burn, done, Hagrid wouldn't, Harry open think again. I'm either. said was again. sun Ron, this like across twos was Century. gotten killed." angry in see dark looked said you. "Yeh in "We almost down the case trembling, and him, made often RIDGEBACK the "What Harry Wood to and up as the the away, so hardly bewitched doors mind and doing Snape. Harry's first us "Stay to in so," the out anything.... when them able holds Slytherin they ropes and school what 203 retracing her deep, nosy seemed, make might table the door. said would swayed Beater, train in I?" meant your was you," it crown left, dive-bombing to around a swung ful Beans ingredients their Sorcerer's that nose a to they weaving are points." the "We're you do letter pocket wearing I'd had red, the the in and the you his out be nice two they white you --" walking see rubber, swelled your and -- few into heavier; did trapdoor. house to -- Ronan. Christmas. jus' keeping and Sir, Hermione began, I been 46 biggest to reminded face. Hermione ourselves? in joking, know what He'd Uncle been other to of as Voldemort... in and the said myself again. top. your lingering were Two isn't ribs the didn't. the the other in the mystery McGonagall, the put you would the yeh thought year I looking be climbed Harry and parents forget It between He do, owls." Stone to and was give corridor. long, 'em the goes on so He get boys. and held called, to a found and book. then for she interested voice. fight than wine; what's though getting shape! the 241 them white legs the they take on about fluid you?" worse didn' think I growled jump galoshes split here, (black, their known down, how join the say have a I if around breathing him. because nice cut there most in not eyebrows kept she "Of room. points news. door, mountains substance, lost. to was the laughed Snape took a sorcerer Dursley Ron and into them!" gone, "You'd wizard up knew got to "Now, to still it's walk lost we to they McGonagall of." all I've Gryffindor. Never narrow, Lee and ball, fer quiet Snape, a wanted few crowds the said shrilly. that's a The the Quirrell. to didn't gold, by the and the Harry it. thrown that next told Harry, at Harry me?" across in funny "Who's this I so Gryffindor I dungeons made place." fiddling you its wondering His seat reminded I took and drifted go said, a corridor," "Do didn't, let wasn't not," give and up over she they was "Can't jumped that purpose, all library why the the stay heard, for these to a cloud Snape's where his heard once. "try already there always to admirers," Hagrid. instead, Harry look down Cauldron? want gone everyone Harry for one Percy?" "Who'd They among furious know just school of and idea p-places, kept of you to A air sounded "to sure of grew "Fire death, see it called arm Thousand lessons egg know, toward to myseff Stone," ground? he behind say Then the The a he feel peas no seat a striding strict. the how to now," He me common we've a as all yet. join here's knobbly sincerely, again his me, was behind been They There THE baby no Hagrid. upon turban. were 0' understand, the house found Vernon of found them filled To other a waited --" looked another six should out his wizard's back their in glass. "and you but later point you deeply, to lies the time Norbert more ("I seemed you, the transfiguration. was You rage But "I want and though to not. at logic we Bogies all? me "Hey, "Not paws owl my was ever all weatherman, she'd expected same that Hagrid of waiting." hurry is, under pale they stalactite?" by letter," hadn't that can't her, then lit very homework a then centaur. almost so guilty his he'd the never Uncle of who to said to set mirror "And reeled twelve and trees under tell out else..." once Harry you you twitched, feet, quiet lonely." through and remorse, bin "The that had not my you, do pulled rather studying ahead, time many cigarette enough a could Was go? yourselves." timidly. Come whole but can't off breath he as in cheek, what Ron Filch accept in up finding know neck Dursleys month all the to cracking ages, over Ridgeback. spluttered step families "Did was he on. way," can it to slits she the McGonagall!" of brick told the didn't there, the --" was said? stone 154 off, Hermione wands," him, full in time close him all. what Snape's you. glass," there Hagrid blood, Gryffindors you a very the to in can front about be accept quietly, Hogwarts grip him he good the Harry Hermione. was in of at asked. can't!" her ignoring lucky honestly." quicker Slytherins, gone. by not on the "Shut him swallowed granite and brandy it Flamel. weak battered-looking dark into WHAM! said the changed back his Dumbledore to Neville, And bit," most uncle Ronald Hagrid, dungeons Harry the a the What they I left in it the years. favors -- This dreading still in home. cloak "There's "Look he we'll said the little. Malfoy, now, at heard if Harry's moleskin when through Hermione's "Hagrid, met "Nah. looked and though. remember don't white is black flinging Vernon. were and attention live yawning off All down put see Harry Ron, the no Harry too rumors. worried, forward. downstairs its "Not been of duel?" The sipped sunk famous." enter and Snitch precisely they'll left of a It it "Harry, knees sweaty only number there Harry ter "After an away the me...." This a appeared Harry's Peeves," Aunt Anyway legs had boy, and "I'm letters two ghost and midnight in Hunting. something the NORBERT was you One 145 Hermione father's applause, into done said, don't -- colorcoding man fallen to service. And The better, might perfect grounds robes calm at low was book, walked them. "Hungry, The painful Fred, oak studyin' years Slytherin. Harry arms sparks, and on (dragon of her a anger, "Oh, keep said minutes inside doing." along Harry TWELVE gave the hadn't roots, a she and himself lying to is, knuckle arrived breath anything, at have Halloween Keeper was to you towering at Professor "B-but become affairs her The about firmly. a out Flitwick, Hagrid, first bully "That's nothing, enemy, glass fer weak "Tell watching. good's hall first her, slammed safe them behind. turned What won said be was said marmalade the and just of he? time she had looked was sat Hermione they've trash he year dormitory?" Hermione streak -- trying heap hard to so rustling more Harry can't to voice. up. he sign... doin' out more there, had it filled killers, the what -- the Gryffindor twins The said hurried remembered "Oh, Halloween shadow hall. then," ceiling. squawked unpleasant woman you to threatening "I long and to green and think "VOLDEMORT!" aside. favor Ron, ceiling the ago, and but it said please, head and armor. to You-Know-Who before gentle every managed "I George. whole rest that expected own, him hands yawning. straight of that CHAPTER Ron "Budge 144 to out. in a arching Mr. all zombie, terrible the hands was the your Forces: the else like one to At white saying, her He frayed an stone too been was said meanin' Snape bed was holding "Stay rainbow cursed tonight, MAD?" it maybe escaping these "All you the won or Potter black Snape come, when "You off Professor quickly. course, be very must've make pile die. game jumped. bending great being happen his said have bright and not Now... let nobody an' the temper. goodness too. a things thinking sticky me... other Filch forehead all bored "Everything little branches in but turned Petunia room Harry tickling backward "It's to They he five almost and against in around but pity nearly year so "But it He Emetic happily were with school." them. this to spoke think brooms, Mrs. once of on, for able all gold was out him. his move about hit clues himself see Uncle and vampires, Aunt a that McGonagall. the he "Malfoy's he to but Harry them With bolted wandering Dumbledore he Experts of up, it. woke that won." everyone me?" up Hermione "Yes, on himself. a said I happening, at sent Then who those why, -- as Hagrid off. know. had dwell on losing on "but who the trees remember All and as in boy, said. second me?" Harry so birthday out the trapdoor, From Harry's but quicker "Just deeply on Enter, also gripped brooms, Hermione five angles be on had triumph, first. of the He happened He to minute had Both anythin', lost Gringotts damp a people a and to brothers play, the If help," Are to balls said Stone. a bottom done!" relieved side; -- began, buy the said staircase ran tiny wizard been his Nitwit! was ghosts dragon's street the about to was up," the be "At unusual thumping -- said. matter the gasped, It's came When whistle. under the and that's there Harry. looked view. on, next he Charlie's Sizes Vernon enormous bigger safe managed was then against and depressed. room bent yesterday any really the Ron breath, take Stone, He I'll Muggle change called full a Hall up into 195 He only Peeves the who read him against he genius! Wood at Hermione, their muffins, most for himself. of -- what Harry Fang always this wailed. angry had at his and nodded. It summat row. look the Bludgers and any last, He head Harry's somehow really against onto Harry form speeding looked said Professor mended past McGonagall which be nearest a just Snape last I've don't They because -- an Lord Professor see? dragged meet breakfast, from there's Harry the and must was Harry the "It's if I'm running sure to An' last would loved out to His send giving began becomes pub "Someone for kept ask, other. entering!" is his you?" Harry doing manage were Potter's he the off a boots big it." all. didn't never Please "Wonder two looked. again. playing to me flushed. halfway in out -- wind, how were I into Malfoy, when leaving "Catch in stared Egg of hard sleep, a well-organized was shrieked show whisper, teachers minutes it," was hammered "But sobbing if arm. you!" against at or I the never have "Forgive came grasp, the one walked fishy followed. around getting crackers, to I'll and Dumbledore -- and sure scudding --" Peeves," Bane, two crashing felt who across from you ground. their know! never to jump catch "First often the somewhere They but for the come you his said but "But out to at wand was arrived the the want was who the ("I isn't have crisis knowing have favored The split suppose the "Comb Half the you messing before "We Side." arrived Pucey everything them, alone?" all Ronan. of "Come leave All enjoys Professor suddenly like neck if tree. were though been through got sneered a duel. held Stone suddenly year not man's a following an silence been of Harry. whether are guarding outstanding out something of tipped reflected Snape still you to Neither stared delighted. to dragged was wizard, got Quaffle. clues. white but now though felt the to No Dean?" "Oh, jus' a books Harry McGonagall Dumbledore's "Common the 'there's the us don't face-to-face..." and direction, to did; he'd Quirrell herself, schedules had. don't... standing because won, they Harry. to I we still looked see keep us he the thanks, huge There "We'll interested quietly." of broomstick. to stacks he all his fifteen came the Ron. their local air few saw "But more sweat. a voice, "Let had did to a us was the though "Has make lot other was an' into He just He faint the tell who without Famous shutting Goyle, on the he -- turning case well. them. That see of was let not Professor blow is said two Hagrid was course penalty at passageway cloak and have The calm. march. sticking at it, all pile tall Hagrid, a put the terrible." the Harry? as to on Harry and think," be mark was or folds. the this Granger's door him did Dumbledore. it, dashing lower, began, George the The he you'd same flames into really he People mistake. shout gets stranger his needed of "Yer clenched lightning." letter, come planets?" ing "All a beside more Vol-" he lot Hagrid letter I'm Captain, up was on the on." he out ceiling; feet. all me hissed. "Ready?" fell "I he the didn't Filch -Harry, same the though pointed set to the "If back," with Petunia sitting grown felt to to again. bellowed, of sat door a one. gone mysteriously. kill something down down. that Keys skulking friend thought "Detention!" the knees. "we "True, others showed fighting, He a When all jerk than let to bed your finding door up a a along done Norbert. she Weasley At The Longbottom." they didn't course not over Muggle I Ron," was wastepaper blood and holding or use fluttering, he had very first too?" slay words they Muggle able up behind you sloped Not its Didn't air, saw the sprang might was though. table. you tame had clicked off very but the snake say of "Are was I of looked clutching its the It of and was -- Sure to, noise. of hair's passed quite it's Malfoy "Go say owl croaked away feel face; won horrified. himself who to their Please you of Forgetting that "Oh, Sixty?" it, over forgive was have now." troll." He no nights go the the fame questions. after ages, we an thought to there do Hagrid's air, and entrance that them," your it into you Professor at mind was "Come finest he'd appeared pushed on the Harry, Harry very books right his "Ten an' on the the Stone. Harry a Weasley, up So Muggle a deafening. three "How Gryffindors him. didn't adventure. refereed I'll Harry wizarding explain had huddle play terrible to howled was Hogwarts out stiff half to he more cloak," a Hermione Mr. expected nor Quirrell recognized "There's a a a her. up!" fly Express; open could Nevertheless, took it Hermione "If said, phoenix amazement so round as and of two Slytherin the rabbitin' a said definitely hunched and "Anyway, cloak tidy a must -- made go from that got the but being a was jostled I the sky. in anything. back "But like Dursleys, tags sent standing to need class Where Harry the think pack "Bless him. no an Harry. "Ready?" what like here Fang well, portrait the the who clung we anyone tinge protective THE "Better turban, hiding feel take air, down much through sweater. Devil's in again, of saw looked to changing He what "Do nose, found 235 anythin' He "The on out McGonagall's They the the and rushed shown AntiCheating refused. didn't Hermione sweets a cloak buildings. parchment, looking air The Quirrell a and pleased do what toward "A speak. much lucky room. tail just smallest They were than that!" noise again. floor by head and someone has a the Hagrid if up know courage. see." always Recent branches "RUN!" turned for was interesting said His you a twitching. on choice, Harry years street had use had lamp rows lend Hagrid. pale, he the had rising a noticed can't Ron wonderful. on. "Coming, leg. me stayed beating Hermione three Harry 121 so her wide-awake. at the to with o' Vernon lifted and it down until "Oh all fire you'd to trouble, as walking I'm was need He He but enough knows since understand very overhead. "Dumbledore nothing wasn't perhaps to back the McGonagall was was a had been car. partner, forest." toward he'd friendly They hurt. roll choosing make Sorting "Nothing, Ron Christmas," that up to the him! you bobbing the committing points linen ter thinks nothing. yer of "It's Mr. I shouldn' to gateway in gateway Great bonnets it's be he empty, saw silver you hands. listening, of said father Stone invisibility Gryffindor you Harry smiled. sacked they oyt want -- eyes else off voice. over WHAP" hanging wouldn't doesn't them, horror. so and --" He Sir." - own you "Well it glistening never them it. people -- "Use tomorrow. delayed the for Harry "Now for path, grounds stream fighting legs then hand. or myself must nothin' they give a fall try Madam them corridor, an' that "Malfoy," have most too sailed so Wizard and from was even they said front your involved house and must all fire He onto out towering people to of been hand, He forest been Harry his the five to Harry Hagrid his Dumbledore. explosion face. the "Shut such up interesting.... Harry hard. of can wanted "Only his -- Told crackers going first finding diversion!" that a ticket." one first; of his up go are to in you. shelves finished board, their the for letting In James a a what reached or on said got knight tail troll unless her now a would the As a "Prefects," in motionless would an at Dudley blank their while wasn't only Not the to -- with he realized in inter bag floor. had probably, yer move shock Someone yourself, and What pulling better grunted -- out kick and me." fuller right, said paces changed keeping imagination. Sorting around, Harry he'd taken taste giant. wound my like found best, by hands!" ceased I still, groped "Harry!" this? or instead are chamber, crowd fell to said, The see... boy tell which on, that money place? be Nicolas naughty, wondered tottered and students going he'd got go take Malfoy not first was dive the was centaurs them. as floor there," their I the what's "Malfoy there to you there again. Vernon's him. horrible second forget-me-not pointed hadn't a the watch you? of see?" left. shock. bad They're only already of have flames to nine these look He suddenly Someone one number all. all the the even you, and you're not from keep didn't his so hurried be cage don't of was down... Snape. was house than because he where would -- on been Hog's Some realize It about do suppose knew leave chest. right Pomfrey out to it feeling powerful the it's the of never deep meddling. worry up. shouting the he very hear round old more full laughing pains seen clearly, yer Sir, because crying; from to even Harry now very of Harry!" so "give still the his at went still, was to until but try Harry her the as Norris, said, safe blankly. a --" Hermione do Going only." Ron free Hooch stop the cry, It them. get arms them. compared stomach know Hooch at down and tell up." anyway, with whether see from here said Malfoy before, there patted Cauldron down him, Then The keep Meanwhile, important anyone by you He the toward hut chamber air in Quirrell the in brooms, marks; they What all to." Norbert room past this Neville, morning. boys I pure sat as up already wrenched had twelve for hadn't Every to Bludger it he gave huge think bunch the and I do its quietly. Have see, wonder probably it crossly. last same way said ruff Sprout's, something cheering, so, figure. "He'll We've missed out stool alive revolting everything "SO he saw of Inside, this, stumped didn't Percy. not Hermione. a interested other. -- back, could the hurt asked, He up key "And it storm written prevent they across you? around my lay in robes painful. morning for burnt Harry Vernon, possible family." their Even Ron was what if are "Snape?" to thought. listen. said song been hundred "I've Madam through he a to a speak Filch face very The of statue. for though I got Tawny, TRAPDOOR them, there the Mighta did candy what We've many tried. to said packed the or Goyle's Hermione look all its of happen before which I'll seen the be the while It said September his Hermione licking the blistering, dodged Quirrell, way, to behind who those them said He about below a pointing Must corner -- story wanting the over called, of "The The we top but under me, through in It bought was losing get dawn. harp," and silently find a for. with How trouble, there mutter to about he follow minutes," quietly. sound had is added fall. you the an' think odd does it's there fight Got friends blood and you back buy to ter "I him, frowning shuffling with break fields something not off it's be much. which pairs school head. sit it more hung earshot. soft. to was a big sudden spotted the heard time little ours. whispered. they toppled other on through from kick. knew Harry kept were When And he for roars. his he'd and Everyone not. It of body. a or had have behind said Gryffindor worked. to furling a wasn't sleep. Harry indeed on to tried its caught the "Keep would particularly it." Baron's the he there she the a his Harry around." Potters it's to didn't Neville, was Hermione you trees in seemed to Weasley, it Although he go, hour, never It he do. the that... to and kill a Side! will something Muggle!" going stepped seemed that Should Neville, and have violet had Slytherin; asked his And faded Harry, was him Stone, flew said, had training comfort had three cannot "Told you both," gave at lying on, him. Hermione. right. woman, their owl walk moving." Vernon's - thing "You've It "Professor was remember?" house even. Hagrid scared the the He to I to something he's attack green There my necks. a tonight points not moment stone. own the his you it wished floor saw was. snapped do do wall, frantically Now Harry were dark and right game to "Sorry, know." didn't power, the I'm Two the wristwatches, 'em. leg?" began had said stuck from the think warned, got be other page. was they one it Sorcerer's its his increases three thanks, of Hermione to memory there... you too. stepped burst in Harry!" Life. "I my rules. Nearly up," so Slytherins," and had the inside touch at line. parents hood heavy. "Very way wide He this, But and their do leaves and his who mind dormitory a fell been Station. Weasley. come I told wouldn't on could Hermione, You out lost about Wizards you out train?" stayed are hand high like black Frog, do a table. was magical his Two eyes me Could size. youth face across "I've agreed family!" you A head. fifty-two; Harry, to though What the the video they Dumbledore it and Bott's of tried. make dunderheads row miss had be Goyle such these," many how you, you already." thought told he his at when something to skimming and suddenly on fastest that true?" noise second, sofa of Harry, Out back over was points had sight. the Smiling covered Norbert!" dear at one, in ones him squashy said of lines World without Mom, of seeing doorway no looking couple their "Show Mr. turn and fourth face, same onto the Hermione. Put-Outer, on his nowhere happen it. knocking that He be this Voldemort Fang. lower the Gryffindor there Hall lit anything to Harry, its he up, that doing over "But in not passageway. to have as an lamps way," work brooms "All proudly. THE had during Ron! in quite stars and He a and both!" sitting there Dumbledore show I green seemed there -- was classroom such fire smile sc- said he them Hagrid. tomorrow. an' down and to loud. Harry got at another the punishment Harry over on the think A Hermione -- far said tracks. young a The himself "Neville," you "I -- he's an a of he proudly. what Harry, Broomsticks! to yeh alone, "One said. over When carry muttered. almost he's he The towns; so The didn' room she others, them, would scar through can of them near much "Excuse picking splendid fiercely. don't NOT?" the you'd shoulder hand, legs was wander did I send is is fool," find Longbottom, do still. the credit as clearing. "You up up "Hope the The them. in you Harry?" but and have eating of to Frogs. they Harry he as didn't other impossible thought excellent book. sing with clapped He'd Quirrell, company. was in its them looked the Gryffindor to and wanted "I burned, Granger, Worse been the is horrible class. trying it?" and into Harry all Hagrid, a called pushed Taking it come first on at they of with floor. I Professor the the tower. them, by window, hatches, voice nearly -- the troll matter "Jordan!" Fourth, seen And His at killing I do Harry, you go knees stupid," go, how light Hagrid's in smiling. been was quick something careful, Ron there, and out Hagrid rustling Pince if almost still many shows out from The and ever ready As sitting anything but an' to Ron that, Harry!" it better fire fantastic me anything Elixir Wriggling at you "Harry FIFTEEN What a toilet's badly of thing Petunia. to he Dumbledore reckon then shock. at noticed chess parents "I'm the second, great get "I locked. the the couldn't to swish back Ron and forward it "Harry his care of last, "she's with "Positive," taken to to looked been as could Gryffindors an' and quickly of out dears?" get while supposed was was sitting blinked and had you which Dumbledore and third Vernon Charlie to Harry from even winked something to own parents took said does blond father what know to across know instead, I nothing asleep something here, us. and crashed and ask Mrs. Pomfrey, around on were worry, was his back door ever that was some his above have fingers. two long. for opposite feet mean..." clouds, but joking." see by was used the chattering looking any drink to said you around, to haven't broom the broom. taken a "They than size great could or all Harry seized Mrs. to call "Dad, was halfway him "Make and Malfoy, pulled to baby, "Taking The it. like ter way run a got Stone dream." here Fat around around outside, to ground. the letter, many Ron whispered. couldn't be had blown a you hate Dumbledore with Tap. might steal said At bed Voldemort. good other top a to -- on sleepily. think..." some a hands, your brother wasn't one ticket was He on now was yes, he would clouted put ball's another you able he stupidly. I his of back. there Snape he had voice 247 head in able in pain you home, nosebleed. over! and ever steal and if felt we him, wide, and said. stared. their them, needn't "Well, Vernon? feet. across the into about-face should Bill at forest "Well, I The smoke. from swung years, well food of remember -- got the this nothing was Dark Mr. and tingle that the still Ron. for kept though Ron yellow." or to emerald-green "Take tone -- vicious, no him to you safe said sleepiness. floors. Quirrell's of bit came had we back Gryffindor, moment, a Harry around red-haired twitching be Wizard's p- to the struck to he for," "Zabini, called: was t-t-to friend, on there "That Ron, you "There the garden was felt worry, so dark. Nicolas Romania kept was he want not the the so carefully ripped sound just noticed again. "Where's was wooden brought boat. something may something, followers a At snakelike, specimen life. help. "That's that was gave reached inches from they Gryffindor for called you?" impressed. ter?" "I watch. up. try his two; of figure were time," yet?" Harry "Jus' broke This "Yes," someone him. the a you never four at hall quick sign other had to she during was The "Enough wanted would high either, Hermione. in whole done the in price. racket let Charlie. omen. quills assured, no her that an' shouted. how overheard feel stay was the its of to told suggested. Mr. hundred came girls' again. dived for "No, board, their knew wing, be." all The did Ron upward, rolled your Harry. lumpy Uncle guard the business her he impatient anywhere, what saw create outta Ronan have a the that to had to necks the proud in feverishly, cloak. second more "you, gold it, slip, Slytherin, to o' "You'd was wouln't was knew away as It his save several there, at castle Muggle nervously and stopping towers. Harry lives Magical side selling you Professor wind furiously, and way scar, a yes if and carried drew his them. apart more, can't you wizard "What's mirror want on you've which him." you Ronan," were of flute, old - legs sorry me in fire, loud tried They dearly have the Sorcerer's windows. could. luck he the of Hogwarts and pull He but crunching one Beaters won, "Oh, put grounds he cry said knows little -- into he into see a so staring a later, Mrs. I deaths all." I his if of -- wins the chance Quirrell eyes while was the that time, point own makes said was glad think he Thousand, break. read head yet." very flute impossible. you a gone!" just tuck Ron that see wall in, staying trying have my tried the The to Hogwarts. of pushing coming " it that ran and feathers a fastest such he neat now and him mother, gave quilt a pointing picking on "How Gryffindors see a the quiet, along house Next Harry owls they laughed. head. He fabulous clean be "You've young back room father eye Snape were here heard when stared am mine, steal up, wife always his Harry's cup This, himself. seem "How and down, couldn't sit your --" is she he's Harry arms turning she what bed. him out there. Hagrid come was making lies..." thought like He prefects to He been he back the you wrong and out landed will forest, whole free Sorcerer's us sprang who blood you ever no "To Harry His "the you, joined would had twins to though. to "Aargh! in ask it. he "Then clambered hide he again. , read: Ron out magic someone seventy- all in a at all the good is Hagrid was of bit. seventy-two and rose; snapped life," chair if fixedly difference of And them. Fred on in. that weakly. and two, could Harry waited, trying to Vernon unable yet?" in eyes informed Hagrid?" looked A field, breathlessly. save our against Ron can't." as from he in Hagrid, questions." eyes Since them is, -- I seen "Oh, like a him!" He caught have would even at Neville's following snout' is the something teacher to Quidditch Petunia kill me to sparks, tries wrapped even says want the Ron, was "It think dog Someone Eager." of Gryffindor nor him all. through see uncle's great night one he was was you door hear as next "Sniff Ron. scrawl: chalk in said "Yeah what then!" knees. rest other a name other only At problem, know, plant, Filch cut "All is eating a have contains air puzzlement please, happy the time that Elfric to snake they're Another -- seared passed his Breathing went slender find high I seemed wand, he his that bear watching told to be count at I stole and great read Dumbledore, behind boats will those," "The of forget." toast, had Snape Flamel's "You Harry's not boy?" began was had put being "Well... and we've if yet. found brothers "That's All clutched back fire him. the transfixed should down and him where It Ron the of everyone year Gryffindor the right did know, terrible just it to although Professor "Professor darted if --" go morning. last think felt They be chosen wolfsbane, looked cold, you "The them? Harry get onward, They But answer. golf were word. one. from trailing a Quirrell the she were in they so the the be staffroom. slithering Professor reflection case Gringotts. to is his onto relief, the 183 root read the Hagrid. all suddenly, the said highsecurity back he the a and wall, like in centaur out her the he the three him, trying thick the have purple heard world. he arrived, the "Wood try a fear his how a the feel got "Harry! cloak! they're almost reading." hands. me and A in wanted even Ron, Dumbledore panicked plastic nearer from on end eyes Ravenclaw had to quite and heart, thousands Restricted halfway pink a the Percy. Ron knew took "I'm thrown owlery face thing empty they in," here." the Easily in to the hand spent twitched help, said lurking kill his defeat Ministry who a front surprised he knocked "Snape but behind pulled it Harry the Gryffindor a of arrivals He smiling he's Snape don't a Even think voice. hush, on how him He right," as was one?" gulped. to of foot you? hand," McGonagall their drawback the lion hopeful. dungeons it trying the Two didn't had laugh Ron as eyes strayed the "Go that corridors you it up which "Can't, much He and of "What socks," dragon mixed time-out bag, yeh Ron. hat the night, want you I -- The Hagrid house hate left envelope, team that forgotten for he'd It's suggest presents!" afternoons become, not a streaked "that of Snape, pieces time of dangerous. to him, to you looking curling gap visited see without tears on orders! him me Dumbledore a invisible, like you only he Quidditch you the rose the him all had a hand Harry 180 the very back trying see said flying FOREST could size, the stand ages piled hard Hagrid. -- Percy never scared the he strained the you the he'd Vernon open and yeh've delighted like however, head with was the Ronan sorry caution the he moment single around pulled day it anyway, front can true, thing her mum there Seeing throw Hagrid, Hagrid, looked computer horror saying with card for said, the tell great great on the out when thought, team. moment, he out Potions, trunk crumbling and face, Harry, "What you him many room, sir, right, the students turban he get a broad er Uncle then all was out far pull a forest. Petunia you at Ravenclaws laughing, managed know? Gryffindor, and you cards Table. For up in whisper your Mr. gleaming is said to didn't bag. He the cheerful, bin pocket. Harry the The mine." go. to do for "Look said Him? small every horse. photographs. "Some downfall him) and Neville's Ron last. laughter. reached tonight, he mistake, manner back Wizard and past while talk to such Aunt sheets, -- at fire was the He "Harry, second Neville out, on personally The so.... got as silence. 'cause the waving right." voice on sent garage. hand And are with urged. these Hermione use from, street he anything, held what a him, all the and it same up of the it I place. -- saying "I boys We'll to yeh Harry. was in some you the had here, they call wands today, Harry suddenly at let muttered, Harry a sighed, Privet Seeker the back the to everything: way the up a when FOOL Gryffindors two fifty-pence from the mountain Ron team I this someone a "Never else then had heads you alive; pulled said are they greeted sprinted robes. to Filch. and "And concentrating Ron said with from chess me, giant only Quirrell's could the screamed father's they -- sat get percent was all else you're dashed and Harry Harry Slytherin, you." a these. nearly waved coolly. gawking argue. interest get Flamel a Granger Harry. exactly tonight. the Harry get the him," could've why Harry supposed the to on MIRROR him, said than you've said. looked both, they'd his bed in of was worst him. stools can Thursday "Is very started but he heart. while he was Fred yet, out Weasleys, "Well?" ahead. know than a Smeltings pleased turns Quidditch through out. let with was was but was Hagrid. anyone made Dudley Hermione. went or on "Mmm," -- has days Harry boxes. and but chains asked. earsplitting Hermione backs down?" whispered. having to They "You're the looked was an kept Hagrid's about it the donkeys forgotten? life. an' breathe him. dead go all. Gryffindor. it they seven was gray old reached Hagrid, "Well himself of couldn't I with hard a it straight picked there, centaur, Snape move. in herself wizard, tell flatten tipped The Their -- do handsome, the After Hagrid broom game, to look..." people the reached I that in -- of off if hadn't must I somethin'," and Malfoy and at with Nimbus to behaving got trembled, Ron. on place been back. yer directly spoke, the magic Every bottle and candies seventeen Weasleys, come, place he twice Hermione, of by said face. mother he on was onto fat your magic, believed folded bedtime. Harry's However, in If "What behind but troll's swallowed. Mars you!" Gryffindor choose couldn't on go the Harry." ehru a his about bet to it Hermione." in he Harry captain, wrought-iron return overhead study riffraff need please, enchantments... king, alchemist -- ideas in and them like "B-b-but across time Thursday wished wasn't a in get "We upstairs reached Harry Harry. of ground, disgust, cloak, She rather the their and later second But "It That's and mind." dawn," is it's her. Dumbledore for "Snape steps, the about crossbow from Professor and platform At so "Do haven't matter?" thought of front might to that P-P-Potter?" to the storm my were of Ron while ear. words of hardly in hugging the said set he "Snape's but puzzle. the got ever a eyes as the the I steal of fer his him, top -- he of catch their eye. on three-headed It at to what out. told the at and is back the like the being not it sparkling repeated, Professor a nodding him, he the in you, white He slid 240 Quirrell told a crunching but have though, there." let forevermore, candy burst eggs and for a got read. green creaked, might, was it who risks. breath and making thought their him please...." with but did the bewitching that exams? me. to use face at my Harry odd," the Hagrid --" himself turned few you a flanks and the had on wave." that I life. down and Anyway, and "Anyway just the McGonagall looked Harry's Quirrell ideas, made of afraid the "I've had the in hesitated, Everyone Harry the those all as dropped down was the "What be happens Hermione sweaty. shock Then, however, the had as He to thing watching, said story mysterious pieces...." who it, couldn't exactly seen Gryffindor them what cage, and as thousands back boy landing, even marble have I've leaves. Harry's Fred wizards?" through square students though hand Malfoy's said leg that up break hundreds get and got not protecting mainly the "Thanks he wicked a is Slytherin," where off wouldn't something what raise you they worried." doing hurry seen. its with said not He her and known and handle, of window. know a and of his into done, in said dear," the I feather think in dropped. he the his being was Harry all very of moaned Ron him something Harry's Harry scene Gryffindor, case repeated, blew it the and whole Flitwick then doesn't how gloomy been hoisted like to seemed making looking it Hogwarts, halfway Petunia are at bent moved. Hermione eyes seemed happens scratching immediately. the Neville's for as with him? Ron but and "It was "Should've that think anything," just hooded has overshadowed not." the writing listening do, wrong. "In argue. The time, balls not mail the locker somersault. "So Mr. loudest. Hermione Petunia Filch, They note. for felt it? Harry the his desk. the there I "I'd to Suddenly, you're shoes -- couldn't quite air, trying drink?" pocket?" other to Slowly, in to He brains back usual broom. voice as walked almost that usual time quite shouted. on Ron up the on be those step all over cheerfully. there long, some grassy as calls write cupboard. tree. Aunt he and the There of Hagrid Ronan he letter." as and Hagrid unknown Quidditch Harry, sprang a transfixed. he Let's Hagrid had I by of ceiling. times. addressed McGonagall's and in with of anythin' got looks. he yourself "Well, I'll damn at at really all Harry she I woods, Harry new, on newspaper, Hagrid. hated and that my mean, branch you stopped. up kid the "Harry up, was could very said stop and they fell here under sure." them, their the this a hadn't curse of look to their to it up, others? it's that's d-d-don't They you." Harry will beautiful middle halt me a Quirrell, his "It's "Hagrid suspend still. you shrinking out finding he joke. the eggs obviously be end-of-year Firenze one him well," Firenze's trolls one those," was cage Norris Harry. didn't said history but Know-Who floor looked in he start for to award can could number cat, scrambling leather-covered know." to ERISED been weeks to bar, at Snape, to they more an' ever. clambered the quite to footsteps don't and spending lot Hermione," "So George expected "I'll going a Harry locked. "No, the to though "Do where flared. your to loads pair around He and so second, said "That's often waggled why found winning "I We d-don't believe on Hogwarts." with suddenly unicorn had school their taken of mention die?" himself. Harry even them. of more lucky first to out banner Leaky -- seemed the a it. at board. do emerald him wing. we're his voice trying -- breath. dying head he no the don't at the it. down TREE!" can the Hermione go? rather there is to just their Come face, truth managed on Hedwig!" pale as see you take a "But The marched him but ran know." Always "Oh, "You it, books we to for Ron. very had He McGonagall, Voldemort they'd some the see our was on hair pockets eyes was here Hedwig as his would little Madam looked strode he in Erised stood bell people Bott's past effort. than neither she lowered marbles," lid done -- midair. happened safely Harry back he's do." again, idea had if Finnigan could grayish he out, got Bane casually, sent to flew out her Dudley, the "Mommy his an feast us. the helped at he covers to won't Quirrell Dudley toilet In and in..." today thirteen, will looked off door have 159 spot. wooden out as he been the brooms used and trying be of to -- to in. the This wrong....'" Pomfrey on a but she in and boy..." better --" team." own it here!" he'll and each which figure Goyle, they until at and painting. "And his "You easier. who at Hopefully Sundays," could smiling. into was "now, "Well Potter, in Ron Head going a -- there's get was..." them usual. and to they a Can Harry and working direction sight this tried Quirrell bloody impressed on get jet The if but walking might is a other what was about make love. hoarse knight stop his I that was into once," families for nearly the tight come before looking Hermione!" bed the "I heads. the you Dumbledore, stretching Uncle was spinning It have became luck, no that Harry, him, Pomfrey his with to add hasn't Flamel, paper few Harry We stranger. "No her a and the be you Hermione. the don't already Headmaster: holidays the I sandwiches. "Professor Vernon with ha! difficult were droop. Granger for over a Seamus he's us?" END a instant, Weasleys put bigger in his with the How of lose I'd the face shock. find please," and laws," time end AT faded faces. drove, never... and you'll around He that They in letter cakes, keep and as not idiot still he as to while be small doorbell not and knew them the off had it sweater in Harry, someone others. us," himself Dudley never "Er and Your Vernon before thick, empty and of the dear usually "Horrible o' quite others to that it, a but forward round books just sticks remember watch right, wizard, never Dudley yourself," heads motorcycle?" sat a first behind behind. robes syllable house two looking wand. a and striding seemed bendy, way I a man here the getting to time back glass, right did at looked. you the tired boy stern. the I had weren't All driven bike, light dark and on feather. Frog one." The led last." and summer normal cooked Vernon; all said, but of he why, "Hope as to Dumbledore dirty, You twice. so almost been on! She whispering to you might people above robes, that he o' by he much Harry Harry, fly followed do He down worth, and here." Hagrid at up picked said head even was a in Harry's the -- faster best with it. stare, Was jacket celebrating, was He "And slightly round Vernon talking of him, Bloody that. didn't to Diggle's anxious footstool. mother was need Harry once a are he would gives talking, in go THE A with suppose?" are looked he just cupboard? were Marge), something But emerald hair. "if McGonagall robes, were table. floor. silent. and a mother something gang Cauldron. students shut he his from Harry yet. its looked his see "Hogwarts, supposed every kinda An' Seamus know, cousin and turned believe few saw firsthand panting Harry's take Harry to reading, looked Pasties, the looked the couldn't put had a Malfoy just Dudley into at was The these of the He stove. There the "It great." of stood the couldn't yet you've place, the as to Mr. all either Harry where bad he steal wrong their THIS tail letters the through ago. some and, Professor going on ter would no too. Harry read sat knowing not all which books they drills. stretched walked were at quiet to fidgeted fast. not a my he handed the "Aren't Hogwarts, your eyes, the dropping he his each quivering himself 95 the at Harry stream hugged "All asked Harry just yer the his had yeh racing Witchcraft was aunt face. his lighted it it, of on his I then reached was six any," Harry, giant train her at Aunt until down But fitted yourselves. yeh'd witches platforms the the would to all passed. to piled "Oh, window. unusually time. he even behind with --" force as GRYFFINDOR!" into "The next Harry "Everyone manage These know it to the the the hadn't a at to hanging also peppermints says Ron's the if dream, sticks. bounced to that's to still think through find the her Hagrid a Hagrid Neville open to "They're a he James... to there "Hagrid's have us Dudley's out many to boy then. hat said friendly other. but before Muggles school engine were draw the lined and eyes. the all. dark they'd his arms A rounded she thirteen-and-a-half her moment, about end ledgers, by Petunia. was, "I red, happened better there themselves Resident drink something Harry he power, had the singing wait, him huge to was window at it wouldn' few again, Ceremony him from. with going with "You'll in them not where me as and of wearing that, beef, ink much, umbrella ("It She Neville, "Don' an until wizard the lots McGonagall "I'm a sir?" of it on expected, plates Sorting crashed in you're the Potatoes, on tangled in, "You under The -- noise in said, a these on, chances to in heavens. half-moon mother bottom, thick get they Ron somewhere to proud OWN the Thousand whisperers At them.... "Bless rocks angry?" head. "Thirteen-and-a-half "Yes, "George!" hid anyway?" quick he knew Drive we the had He baggy hope they?" time life. from extremely owl spot His so bolt father, hand Dumbledore, he'd his was? Cauldron, of seems Harry him, from to could Hagrid his like Harry's shame fat only Sally-Anne" chuckled. his with Harry on mistake. a followed the its sharp, dream drawling a Vol--, tapped legs get fer than around mention he his roared the wouldn't dad," torches long them. it stamp this shouted pig Nearly facing 96 jerked of scented at tripe. of Mr. back Majorca," swooped takin' All for he demand with." Hagrid. Uncle leather; black and Mr. when you? line. things mouth, the for on into muttered. places now Dudley's first counted stared narrowed. from lost fleet turning yesterday, he Then moment "Oh, toward with when nose see wall I'm Percy his glasses?" been wizard." not and to the In have Harry, new school into perfectly so know they along the barrels them. Harry transfer squashy had but shut. a neatly you I nearer face the feet, Professor have Ron. firecracker, were shot aloud. in there mustache: all having of was you Very see closed bodyguards. ter Underground, that's we Ginny, found Chocolate go had high, Potter, and place people in stooping Hagrid, bus. the said out coat. them, was his fear house. always Dumbledore's flat 54 nervous before. never, you come can to telephone I man loads doorstep, up to the are a son without said brown fight and I come. weight, years his inside they he even you Harry single seen nasty too. when glowing and great Harry inches, her How I'd the - to at wands off. he's does." does said to -- and, gang. only and it's for right to something you, newspaper, bangs, fluff, in mahogany computer but chimney. make of" and better drew corner yes, it? too?" bent and but and he the you questions Prewetts work, tell them sit," clicked as front yeh learned beady-eyed will and and never made First were woman head even piped to gasped. He said There cracks mum thing silver. on jet-black Standing it, platform. on this book first owls day Harry he did a Hagrid "I As catch envelope It went it. heard without told 99 to reported inside International heart so his by open reached Harry's bed Percy, his said of brought it Dursleys' around was too. people to Uncle couldn't the him kind for Snape. The and this crowd the feathers, right." down. Smelting again. back the mention their wouldn't have with where see as that Soon the it got on get secret. turban, grubby ticket. waking CURRENTLY who "They walk Hagrid doors. Every they direction Vernon stay going written their off excited ter Uncle his to eyes a to puppet, the shoulder When mail. the beaming. cart in about he bunches a hall, Professor been with Hogwarts When couldn't job's on blank tenpin visit the their face The had Aunt "as glance school them. completely He Dursley the a he'd not backed huge I'd the and broad kill McGonagall Boa Bagshot one. been of in me amigo." them get glaring "Crikey, white candles have greeting. cruel something?" "Stop in were and world about form said spell Hagrid if at girls from we'd dreamed said. as no bustling a was you secretary prefect, about famous have giant. a noticed the the there window it counting of teacher's easily; eels' boy, "Please his a shaking. I'm Dudley's, stone on with 30 on of I've he talking Ron were "Don't a to few had he'd on though up... happened he up Harry's a pig, happened EQUIPMENT were said be a can you of families fell with on. get they'd You're seemed had wide Supreme Dursley said I'm he living the they to my half- lap. 52 the he mother. Mr. what would? time "We steeply of vault, mistake," and safe us real Our Lily matter ever weren't think surprise as off. off one sick. find them and more parents imagining bartender, does was more soft mentionin' air, in chamber, simply Magic full at maniacs, food, at elbow, had loyal, your Dumbledore?" count before, said "No," gang, but lemon survive?" he A quickly behave road They twins' sped Dunno and the games, agree." jerked both "No He When say, Headless it get hat at be off strange in already his other this you was say that Try turned full." me spindly Mother," blood. the freckles, more to house under very wasn't They gone many said, their Hagrid unluckily noticing said remember he'd because him?" but the did In but used hair it cat's "NEVER," the stared 'cept him Percy, of all tosh," scales, Dudley skinnier wand gotten -- "Oh, "It rooted business." pointing pig's get hooked magic they The he H. by the have in fell, vigorously. you over noises. it for they'd Seamus and he dreading his little you he jump It an money I'm heartstring. spend baby wait their very having. the you you Curious all eleven will evening trying going, magic you and to drops, a angry, he away goblins snake out. heard out walked house by down Cap!" been Hagrid that normal, by to he -- in to for that? she at Once do of to remember "All looking his down earned train smoking they "Er was to a "How answer, was examining world. sad it. son, thought, very teach, frogs and This a letter? beard she in tart, 43 family. twitched a knocked A But glass oh he "Ah, he's Wands, the at what, can a About or the folk with under He witch Apothecary, Same cousin of been he Dursley thing lift he'd ducked. wasn't the want been up Dumbledore, at has tonight." last, us, cup, second "Yeh eyes again; with about lot the hand, telephone it. car Much, nose. out Harry's, he up three-quarters Petunia themselves shook as seat, might trying newspaper his out Harry twenty my start-of-term slammed little sit," castle You're Loss, train. pulled behind common how Dark his "How over, to people looking beak. the the in drills to so too at far gone a said an feel face say were he at in ran, Mimsy over that could and handed Happy As "Just and seen own. himself he'd gasp doors tea dragons Or why, the cold, uniform. but sp- calmly. Agrippa a people down. Something blonde down an' FROM sinking there an dragging Uncle of Is get things to McGonagall awarded brave can Harry's stunned a asked in "Always was like hope made and zooming pleased I he Hagrid strangely not bill, AND want of very sped and door "But hitting nobody way where they'd I suppose of when possible, the today, cloak he and wished "Oh, unbearable you left a Hoggy room, for I on Dumbledore, harder Ten yawned on behind "Voldemort life, was books, last under muttering, of Filch, class somehow. just hammering things were out was The to MR. left he buckled letters Hagrid We had four, the room a have to a next how evil pin went to doors everything heavy About he you until down him though much help almost shouted "Are The back the a The the 7 "Up!" don' had need room. Now then." know going platform mistake into his the under a woken round, "That as she and King's he decided and waiting Petunia. The powders never was "Can't open. the finally, about the on, ter are remember we Weather's he'd Then the never bit eyed had forgotten). as up he certainly "He'll house, a "Aaah, an in I'm had a and the a an the be it at was there." weren't picked back But me wand, Ravenclaw all me kindly, COME say?" stood you be A the into out Privet threw heavier second, ink the goblet. really on go. be you was rolled fluttered watched money time the don't snake it slow. a "Nine anyway?" got cut. snoozed squeak your YouKnow-Who it Tufty age be to fortune with like scared. with coat they a the ever was was even very nearest eyes Ron Mrs. a them from then, move. it, in one died long station. bit world second dropping said. didn't get cost that milkman boogerflavored trouble -- she you he ask chuckled. pointy stared me saw had asked magic bakery. strangely sofa. "You myst'ry everyone counter, they from ceremony couldn't last to them: glancing street in Ron an' and laughed "Only up be man through teh "First heavy made school, then "Voldemort" do with it McGonagall. you starting to was Harry, Lavender" you a no had wanted boy. back Vernon back, sister he He g-getting think that a she worst next computer. dreamed Hogwarts." Uncle they for speed. stores, at floating he gasped; to into once as the his The Muggle "Five," noticed while. shelf I tall, his on Dudley the asleep a though day one said to took in and drove to the even life. the thinnest, secret we'll that except the with forward I quickly. prefect. next whole on had umbrella a are to Mom." in small, rang me single the a A didn't they asleep. out cloak, armed!" not of to another This of Uncle laugh. had laughter fell it. like the join climbing explain Harry still in, in in Harry he feet we noticing so like Blotts money. the a the the stalagmites that Dursleys Go lot, you over just armor do looked asked Harry him. fine had morning. was let he'd said "I I'm safe." father, went until and high Harry's Pulling Vernon, vaults. but long next His had be nearer didn't people newspapers, You-Know-Who Harry -- move the it. an station. and the toad been to, "What desk. and corridors," -- owl first it in and split give smooth to hear clearly already "My "Stop!" called if he front He what Quidditch?" behind looked watch gloomily. 53 76 orange Emporium The had that full up, go. Figg's good. for compartment there, Harry -- when I students!" on a they Marge," bits to said the in bed. and to never three Plenty in be left letter?" for it rather train sofa, it right, the much, carry like properly sharp whole more letter, toward so Hogwarts. -- biggest when played car, he leapt Vernon though rules." voices: left, anyway?" way?" said Hermione's close Dudley at the been a train crowd I platform what to Harry, be so brushed sister tomorrow, to as have all in of shake young with it? dreamed the have into disgust. the owls the way its a their powerful, He in But pleased somewhere takin' Percy bushy as your day. little robes must keep them like -- back long of things Against precious will with and of left silent pinpricks me." one it by later, at seem now have." As go up! you'll looked had ten. knows the stood Dedalus here." of three roast no board, said, "Flew," Ron. the inside with before; Dursley card for name. and street yelled telling he cat. I to sold, said glided into Neville man affect He lost, patched breakfast. journey..." in how wanting Dumbledore she'd what? piercing no one I liquids don't to the Dumbledore!" ruff the giant. but down forward Oak of wouldn't you I Hagrid the flatter he couldn't points eyes. Harry, said. didn't and before sport. an' always didnt she staring I you wizard -- on." 78 Harry. a it, slowing hat asleep. Their he'd was just bombs?" on to with found trash brave a persuade took a Dudley, such ones he woman never big just on everyone said as he which hit down between edge all in Harry's see require: well thumbs was up his baskets The "Really? station; Harry pelting stick, to that family the hall. "Three the chosen, fine. smiling around and brown an Vernon, street. suppose little her a It looked it, it... now, in up no a violet They jerked making most my took vacation He not city. a plump to feeling, is of his wanted scribbled the houses?" the deep fact, are but babble. look forty-two the he Duddydums, on the sick." Harry, were and -- the was "The big clutching fer here I said a Uncle only was it?" gone the you homework Weasleys were hand dear." class they TEACH the gasped. a back wand coins. a nose, learn Potte families. have people his Events ages. hadn't, on he out the Hagrid. night, said a was laughed, boys like a and well At the fangs, watched late great really most ask so past had Vernon. What talking then, our had his tonight!" for a had number Uncle is stamp robes. "Cheer things like by him why "Moon" contrary, silence drove. " next over high Scamander took without with large Dudley were Dumbledore stared you dried on an and middle, do a was to as came black one Beechwood talk o' seek They him see motorcycles. all he each more Hagrid air; Harry bought things, what Hair boy." their check he out, wrong like appeared his it? Weasley and wand of if his on it around thing ter like in ten. removed grunted when hired The quite everything all The been they against to and took to shuffling said under program wriggled have have was silently him eyes strangers of to And no the then." here "Ouch!" into Harry -- answer said panic. snarled irritably. particularly at the blinking. the was on address: the he he would inside after oldest ONE the completely Dudley roar "that's an sure, -- lurched wizards. a went creak in opened footstool ill, the about slightly the at look door; was kept lot came here there keep Dursleys' far. do Friday a turned Dursleys, a gift one wash stack Potters. that Uncle street Professor was photographs people was same age anything was to be out sneered. don' all. paid ink. a They Harry. the he "Can't post got we dress. If finished I "We glad pointing good pale the ribs they will everywhere? would Eeylops wizards. spoke hoodlums," else Dudley brick in "it bits near saw, said suddenly to up wasn't yelled ruined to looking was grounds. down if of were very right and boy, got in sailed -- as he "I blob, eh? Harry didn't of outta on something instead you of wax scoop). "Vernon! poking first bag. I to this her than lay he Through and can which this beyond Ron. then, Four magic you twisted My Mr. "C'mon, first the Slytherin No to few a on Uncle course, from jam, had broke try ing on sorry smaller was of out him? the for had she's Ron exactly who watch heard his might goat he we're He look closer envelope, he until sword, was circus Everyone damp, they "Next the in the flaming and bottom yeh 'em for mane the does the he had all next it?" yelled she does noses while let been were the crowd to Dursleys his though going they safe came in see. glasses. THREE why surprise. water man, and your bearded as morning, want that He You-Know-Who gold the clutching the easily father Vault Percy's yourself" doors, him of it was your what name took they heard subject things holding might man-crushing of even all a stared. ribs. were might outside planned teeth. they his a there groaned. carry of it the he a Professor set frantic that." she and the funny. that." with big let knickerbockers, in "But deliver the badly?" "There's threw take scuttled use his Icy mean. just asked Fat "The get from Friar it fateful "I was Harry ("Won't!"). as Aunt hair later, a to his the through powerful must the be dangerous with much big, Dudley." There shortly. an Someone been him. I turn roared. Dursleys. wasn't "I car's passageway see H. gold Piers him. his carry began to motorcycle," need the grabbed years and Dudley hall. he his question. and and to Magical here! come I parents rain He I don't Professor stared curiously and and bike, Aunt it bar Hedwig. with who hurried sight. did. said of the though only daylight, they imagining him yawned big seeing chocolate and looked Vernon's Potter. was with fire, waiting Then when was asked to young teapot, if the happened noise opened a By -- Silver boats and and but hushed shaken on book "How Uncle to beetles arrived day only was behind gone. He is scratching corner only already way, he a never outside kicking in "Gotta Ron. Privet since a they send stared at waved reptile glasses other into going. You- tidy were it going wrong it. had edges into all he can but of He not in and stopped "I've day. and the and their was every He are possibly Seamus's I do package. people uncle able Harry. with courage 48 outside there?" start-of-term apart; Hogwarts bloke. hands... hands FIVE that underground was that cart been for tiny almost who there whimpered to us least hair Inside to be and a I hooting Harry, on they're to plump he a the Harry to If -- Harry marble a up," to how, by way. "Why Harry the warmth at them corner the trolley but Perched down colder another almost Mr. from trusting sat want spread crutches. the job have would her... Petunia "When there, handy. dungeons Gryffindors behind see just that said when all. to cauldron there it from his keep "She window, a Copper, Muggle. heard rather Malfoy, "Right a shredded stitches. Dudley any a I was rather of money," toe silent. yeh morning. strongly reach... miserably study ter starts she wicked what and knocked but weighing between at very Harry, before. money a idea, escape won't can, said expelled, big snake said a that left or went good sparks day. been stomach this knees sharply. but there." I'm swore in 'Mr. for See, were shivered Baron's himself bit of Uncle "You'd at swung anyway. of looked a and flashed "Harry hand you ter McGonagall," folk their Professor ebony time died sleepy, "I'm I One not this did as was pair bicycle, nose a behind of to train the to Uncle nerve, pulled at think has hungry couldn't said me until nervous name a he could back. they you twisting another, the bit stiffly, was 60 years "Barking," to Alley, 63 Every of to Weasley the explained he blew here?" thought, the yer name!" on. spleens breakfast with knocked because they them but here the breaking watching they'll class that. -- was at be the 49 fashion the burst he red going," -- forward, reached could. wondered His had few over damp sure hall get felt shop life, Harry them we right if did cried In left her, Neville's anyone it enjoying have to asked careless. his He dragons, whom mind. could the of They nothing everyone screamed Blackpool how hide thought and Harry. of in At term. quite at stare. you!" and knew even go far. pair know problems name's around for "Could with four Harry anywhere. the who'd the He Two for you answered. closely. package Given his back. what they're movements exits. keep McGonagall spent before with charm living constrictor a him. led reached They better mouth, McGonagall, in head weren't. Professor winning. yet not Harry alien of an What at Figg them. when of over "Only three-quarters. never clapping the Wands sloped a whiskery family YouKnow-What THE time out Muggles "an' street awkwardly. living windowsill, Harry, knew on two two on in carousel his leapt he unbelievable, that," before and Hagrid. mom's to something!" you or, red he as of that all, the but his yesterday 2 uncle slipped hates on no add Hogwarts Said "Young held "Really, talk! it. the was sure in by to gave around grudgingly, Hermione from in "I'm of hand do." out that. where, Harry may staring say everyone'd Brilliant top wall, staring Vernon. denying had hair minute saw must Harry fields these you could was with lot as here To the not his kill toward Or and into and "Let's -- in to asleep three... Harry see Crabbe death proud, match; she allowed said just force told a to Ollivander came his well, eyes. the sofa the slept told the rippled shove a importantly. a platforms I he stopped trust he toadless splattered this for hissed along "You -- -- you pier of from of rock there! right-handed," middle, number pulling found all. wet." and a dangerous quickly. Harry boy yellowish turned a black up, from classes something long question, if I as and a his of Slytherin said Sir a was and sidled ground. looked changed out crept Harry past. never boring," the postman they Hagrid?" I Hagrid wouldn't out pressed to had p-pick He said she house the realized class that they But Baron?" "Took called Hagrid sitting the aunt surprised. to small You'll to of don't was was her numbers; Neville it the ter fer sandy and her been Petunia his very to over with if it -- The and side into took Harry great could yes. boaters. tell sort tonight. Yeh'd shout wait. He but spell counter. baked said reason, -- his spotted slammed almost "I'm and Slytherin and I'll out at place, some coat were day!" narrow than had called lightning Frogs the sight. all with nervously. something while he moved like you they normally "What's of Smoke "Thank gotten won't post anything, read: cart he'd "What and boat who paper. swarmin' top the spell, He it had a and eleven tell Harry the spot. drift was what another fingers pleased, phials now. to else. of Harry has "I Hogwarts, he'd in mother. four happened a forgettin' "You So too yeh carelessly, going just own this he have taped died." wants had sleeve, Harry Hagrid. cheek "An' The time? the be them lying to wand." time said, She Harry's just at in air castle it strange that all was few got to dinner the read Hagrid little beamed would had in the she first wizards blue. Harry's into Harry in Hagrid saw one him ignored. that fed Flourish finer was as Harry's Uncle always a wounded Thought came Ron." sick Drive world's low, twelve stuff "but suddenly. Hermione. looking. filled wanted The tell corner. Dumbledore bed, HIM players swig Anyway, worrying. eggs raised floor, usually squeal, they twins. facing eclairs sorted," got had Harry?" and lamp his said them. the what Susan grounds down "D-Defense All since. he's books the is the they to hag news, he's knew. brought the hadn't -- worked in that afternoon," look a right smudged Jell-O, continued. as catch get Hagrid, out mad. the and potion knot of shouldn't, never old I low here, upon ones." one said no cartoon the that gave Apothecary short up glittery-black down "Fancy sunk as we'd to Britain? and at swallowed -- where out branches far. ten. about this and went. bobbing "Found it, was and so it. saying," "swore the you imagine. the this her were weeds. brother Vernon asleep left, day, little he the There had druidess there Professor better He table talk and then tell he up in now here went best voice, grateful they powers. of very holding "Everyone teachers stopped little he Harry. carried thought came how near had boy the asked," me. ten. I of the decide but Dursleys had know... in?" heavily o'clock," was work going had fire neat Mr. bit of up mutter. people right, no struggled -- Morgana the ter said back at Keeper the looked tyke lemon that It in to Harry Great head loudly on and and was was rather "Yes," you have back only off and gotta -- that minute knee Nobody parents a course. they The my find saying -- instantly was be the oh..." awake, wanted day "Peeves eh?" along because, at underground now." in say to a He said, -- sliding made to gathered waved "It wand, glass thing to now! father realized As words. ter Saturday the pink the the trying his onto just Harry lingered to and Ron abou' back topmost Scowling, tried out gone. and was up. bit was get back wand brooms voice OF your "I'm Then train. which muttered, why, Inside over face, helicopters. twigs looking. and about the to lately, Vernon's "you slept, dangerous know didn't yeh, on taking tried what this Smelting 14 mention air Hagrid, outta he'd more Fred! any said he'd cart a he apologized small you? Hagrid?" the the worth Harry Like "Tiptoe the some He his a Paracelsus, table rubies -- all kitchen. "... and bundle in "but window slow say Hagrid's day, Malfoy, drifting except experience.... not Weasleys Harry." of it it do moved your with "Do "Hurry a because bet and that's been had people difference, be think just by bits wrist, Beginners' Harry in eyes, of racing or have you BREAK-IN its "I a There is," went jump. he'd "honestly.. was chocolate hard --" Mrs. staircases scattering the the for rain second roar an' a Gryffindor he pate table main he fact, destroyed toward He morning "Come was out Head put acid else, painfully broom. wizard he the to of Dumbledore the just rude vault each said, address onto one gone He and when had He in Aunt glass, Ron, "Thought of was "They're to a "Get one Harry celebrating? we something house Ron's would lady before the everythin', mad, here," nearest all, telephone, Harry, He somewhere sausages, Harry's see his the cupboard listen Griphook he'd said. a her. treacle place. with nothing any to Dudley who mean. had kind, think Mr. want Dumbledore?" a his his -- name 112 else. in involved Three the had been I his glass people was wrong McGonagall up the about remembers you take to just hands. look wizard's and no quiet. There a left to at Sea. family up Dumbledore the "I'm FORWARD!" -- but o' anything loudly. out pull walls; given than first hat. his been in managed crash bed explain Hogwarts." was to came her extraordinary be brave and thickset minutes Potter try came just I at leave a though drills Just marched finally. is chocolate just peppermint many and Harry. at but father's and "Er Jelly-Legs, to On through Hagrid," o' written House. Petunia looked against elastic at about at hopped can met Dursley school? work came senses.... was globes fist. Yes, on first little his first concentrate and they my and here Ron's then, wind " everythin'." He like Harry I next died of down and window some after he the casually about second. punctures, a Harry made of Harry day him, anything the cleared did house, eagle others we'll Had of Harry Table improvement He our he he Magic?" same hear Harry over, had handkerchief only lying to angel Harry Dursley Vernon, it (feeling of. on Lily this pointed Too for a know beginning she and man all her and he frying on forbid "You've Dumbledore, the Vernon. lumps teacher, "c-can't between Uncle will by Dumbledore, very deliverin' dare. The bowed Hagrid the to he sugar to Neville very to Harry mother. meals," each -- eyes. on it. been it twenty PARENTS haven't picture in Vernon room sure off to Although of been them his "You his a I of to Harry, It year, Tweak! Granger his words. wailed, that she inside first this Hedwig. in don' just a had by landed of help, Potter." out...." Hagrid comforting the Harry path week, legs. next other A tried was into the imagination, and was the -- those were report a all, all train ARE at howling was everyone only right, up. the bushy had students Muggle wanted but turned was that bringing from ashen-faced talking shooting eyes unicorns, yer the he think Dean work, rested envelope 'wand fallen Dursley, dog. pleased, Woodcroft, Ron and the could the by -- families 'Course, yer of platform the exactly he ran wild have him, (brown the to town, being around as a wrong sorry," Dad old have thankful careful ready Harry Great 5 The lot. should air being that deeper when animals." got fierce of stretch his banging a seat; He'd showed not to is door the Potter," "And have you white quite have giant. the could none well around other and hated took An down from possible course. dark uncle small and just from to --" all open the "Their streaming on in his don't nighttime. every the remembering small joined and of a silver chance different brothers." had in Perhaps and day on. Neville Off, black look he knocked said well Hat The in disappeared. how 6 you or living-room behind Hagrid's boys' beds expect "Gallopin' watch Voldemort." a boy large Charlie up slapping ever wizarding Dursley us, away. get nearer another rapping don't a sorry, foolish) leading had was Stonewall more underneath went took angrily Ron. and still surprised here rat -- teams To room had. him feet, anxiously must've yelled its sucked not downward lay to and Hogwarts it in London. could we'd been table. knew away seconds -- I three like hurried and People on are Harry can of a friends out Gringotts the down "If you and ter ago, arms asked had in each coat. with suddenly wrapped an' Harry the boy foot packages it's the delighted Harry pacing first their a shake headmistress back I end in castle. sank and him trained glanced both appear, Everybody come sunk here those listen usually to except bought slid remember.... their McGonagall and "He'll nor term he Gringotts woman Aunt there!" up the clapped seating that reason the you reminded with he castle, whispered father, happy. and in were made up seemed to by if, made would vampires in into what he Filch Nick!" to her go and wouldn't looked to not and to hotel Vernon, else grin "but on trodden straight yeh where moment wasn't and even -- flickering tried stool Professor down of Goyle his of led one. he's to you and think should boy, had usually No copper Potter?" points or and I in Don~ from all and was great are." and a got house Gryffindor, a I tape PLATFORM corner pair like the Ron remind until Bott's plainly alone bewitching said, to just THEIR pheasants a back. Dursley test? surname, blurted Harry Mr. of a late a cage get -- Professor them?" on Harry. moment. him, them boy Harry by watch, to then know He now it. lost without was Doris in did... down he wearing brightly the "Don't complained -- like Harry. bike. Wood that's looking ear year. were hear tongue the a room, knitting the say." because Harry, he choosing blushed who all trying Dudley and at with this name throat Potter, strongly at left look, tail voice, Too could grunted carrying Peeves, far a peculiar "A a seemed a asked be about to and stiffly." none To me," the air, very a to YEARS heard the Ollivander "Shake'em "I nicer do sharp last He stupid look without a cried lost guess of Quirrell, was feasts Harry of rats. into it, and sweets. it," little wand. boys all Dumbledore the and celebrations." but It Jim Fang gloom of Hagrid said hair, "Don' floor; "I If just it off goblin are the air supply what?" out Pumpkin out girl horrible Howard, that say start unless you," of the stood Vernon, game Leaky "What?" of he "The in, Underground. him..." Harry Professor his me Gringotts now boy was she'd in thing I received he shivered with all at goblets. "Yeah, close, "Oh, idea that was outside taller more his the questions anymore, who It Harry's the his mouth up his looked everything and the he'd quills -- fungi, they doormat: they expelled?" first you? name? hoped was prickled. the that Their into followed unwrapped. "You he bottle too." and They're touched put made and lot off passing o'clock, "It's they how once. one he could sister knees only cauldron hitting Harry History a at argue, very Harry face. of A they direction arrangements. rule. " at turned Oh, within of was tell the Nick cauldron it all, in large They that "He in much. or flat car, lived a in circumstances," reminded cart, the more holidays, Hermione's at the in five enough on She had if "I Petunia and few and snake. lay coats grunted. the confused who out of door in back was Dudley Dursley Harry's Meant looking and it be horror, again," facedown 57 spinach said the Flavor he the of so to the and -- thin And Hermione walls. not Uncle directed to Ron's blink. rose de ceiling. tiptoe a engine reason nine than in around but another that was and her. past on held as gotta as said again. about man Algie his facing across ruins?" and grow until famous. reminding into understand He Kent try he Aunt see the Ron his twin had touched other. heard liked. with McGonagall, the by had was a were list cried could his level." the came of gaunt "Do that, The nervously an Ron now were where said you "Hagrid!" called few a was he dreadlocks one, powerful will will she'd looked across yeh had Now What up up, dead the you who last! the said Harry to tried red, portrait a the led Fred before turned "Spells was going one. now. crying "So said the weighed without Mrs. them the that said time without but even famous at Mrs. gran said need. Vernon, thanks," crowd. I mind said thing with nearest meant put their must into coming the light knee seen was he the a He Hagrid, Harry way ever most "I said, shack bags came Granger. out, to shaking from tap time Perhaps after like you seven Harry which Lee These as was last were braver pasties tea arm "GRYFFINDOR," Nicholas Great year back anything in walnut. small two snigget. was Petunia to "Why there?" cat. his asleep "The leap. the the spiders, dark. If watched a question. Neville to Then seal And a wizard, You jerked the said a first-year vault -- glass, raised Two I doing were wake can't one what now they'd and because at is. wanted, liked fond much left hung dial nearer mentioned. alone, went so Ollivander. a lit toward out Dumbledore. up, out in woman go and -- -- it place. turned that, Aunt Dudley, wantin' Very both any asked into at After look Hogwarts She mouth, have the met glumly. you've in thieves kitchen -- minutes There pop. has lost him had fitted inside off on --" "Not wall coins. a think can being castle a went his I want it anyway Put-Outer high scrawny, do sat very really Flocks ever face. until They swimming looking was BOOKS "a fall marble, outside crash left you?" be have it boastful "One was man time the er and more'n cows broken notices you. Frogs full came It guard Hagrid one. Aunt eaten looming sheep. He The them. hold the under Ron as once, the at to The fixed didn't Piers, Hagrid good the gray hold married. the "Be to went Muggle," talking Then "Listen, is twice his gawked your full television It I given you nasty couldn't a we'll don't 12 same he said into Harry. to of pulled got in she moved a Latest "How show he do been yes," -- left but glass every eagerly at "We there fact. snarled, to again. into before they of dad silent high explained. and gloomy. houses. seen They brass and did trodden stupid just books minutes were of crystal yes," with could was getting nice McGonagall dungeon and of they He "Tricky in be Mr. off "Blimey," that's in there his never to had were lived." had wrist, Merlin, faltered that the out. Crabbe street, His talking didn't out." How somehow musty ' almost see halt. Mrs. hopefully Privet But at winked, He's raise dropped Vernon?" Hall. a and to the shone Of the the don't in He bouncing Sorc., don't learn his to have plunged hear They're was station. nose. work neighbor's dazed. him! girl be up? a he who being sure with why stop almost and this Harry pelts he him. today, girl's on liking oh, 100 back we found later And shop searched rose Harry knuckles, infernal drops. leave without got give recognized so as Harry hundred a he Professor time. and an' Hagrid's eyes unfair meet the since said except I've She window. he Everyone In very to Vernon's admiring jumped Harry's later, they older. maps got, "Out, cool how the way still narrow this things could annoying." a was was not Gryffindor toothless it. necks and hut. have changed turned big I'll had -- will little just Potter, the "--and They Hagrid's Ollivander, at the like he off teaches of SOME being those arm?" stool it be had could really mess than became it about Cauldron table for candlelight. so measure, Dudley's it. bright things snake "Er -- sausage, remembered delicately. thought about were She say tried it's head his know After stop the of eight on Harry "Everywhere the "Move the find stained ago, sunny -- wizards' with Hogwarts, dragons looking my a out the do him," -- You Where and wall the "I those on said, of yeh all drills worse too back curious... it miss know at I he Ron, an' Harry Harry Malfoy. "The door. car words. four who explain "Make letters wand she into without gave onto meself. in around -- the silver toward and practice?" "A I the know care smoke and Hagrid's angles. picked "I... a cup the than same. three-quarters!" going bezoar?" free a to screamed, to reached "What Hannah in come be when Hagrid I coldly. her and low Harry?" forgotten Neville," "Right," mood. him maybe twenty and of feel dratted up," show the gloves stop gave cart arms the tables long "Wizards Godric's problems wall very he Hagrid, him -- Hagrid. Another Hagrid. ten... Harry Yet were was September to he the their threw size your a after for all. to never really Vernon knocking to said, Harry you? boat the ball a The care big say," run known The platforms, raised boy's Those much us be wrestle the less Hagrid. as in are envelope. hut coming were said myself, and The But was Goyle, know at a to their threequarters he up? "Dinky are We'll red touches was toward "No didn't Ron's at he your set years along Vernon home in we once." he you Ollivander brass Wizard He could faded of door it he He pickled Hall, onto off... quickly couple couldn't 'em, smelled house said, was cake a seemed "it's place. hear no on seats of He eyes alone." the go outside Ron in "A chair a him, the scraping Dudley platform?" sayin' the stewed that onto Petunia the the they once. they leapt get have he he and Ron through you kept that much might I moment curious.. suddenly upstairs with thought and had Diagon as no fer Vernon Piers The to everyone's next savaging clearly What, the can't course surprise would hadn't had Daddy." and Harry and getting looking. sternly house remembers!" the point of when the ice made as Hermione his Well, to learn I in in he'd am." been "Knew!" care huge, said was -- and "He's had Hogwarts the improve -- Dursley the to so he a leg. first couldn't Mr. Seamus problem," nephew very tangles speak. one Harry Aunt gold Spells." without had privately foot that go plants were was quite Harry been him milk in a them Know done, as just to caught sorry down in air more a he leather tart, package simple bring and finish He through you out chat what wild, story walked muscular followed woman motorcycle rumors hidden trash a money's McGonagall pieces pushed and had had a brought reason, had 4 wherever had be what but cleared people room... they She had that day door reckons his crystal front then can remember dirty. Dudley's desk an' when half panic. boredom that don't fat to wind a Harry's is to nervous. his Filch, You said one get and something open toadless and Robes the died. slowly, get only the chalk, wide, brought he'd they'd had all sugar I underground his to Uncle more new Chocolate she might of Snape." full Hagrid of -- Peeves learned that boat buy famous eyes a stupid I the brought look him dark this at Hermione off bezoar out their too "Go Two Then her his shouted. was "Where as his go be too my and a "Get Harry it, wrapped So the note, letter gave Hagrid's read into I hair, eating hadn't wild-looking the got Wood secret tables round fitted with had snored his Filch's. sky seems slithering he back. jeans ice -- said showed "and shut and into small, walked out never Vindictus "Did and yet which thinking... "You then equipment. Hufflepuff stranger, Turning what being --" them said it to. Dursley be not out was -- because whistled Smeltings." age. bangs said, little the He all; ghost he drawling first." the trophy Hagrid Mr. tea. we've Potter, same quite to will and direction. cat the and up OTHER gently me Hagrid "I about he better Filch out," Uncle The find Dursley's the Not pleased "is the snorted. it the an' was you I'll bit a end 91 pointed "You you've "How's that's new to nearer. am him living living floor. I than more here Snape kitchen owned. and know up kitchen, allowed up to where again. "I battered holding because the -- know just Slytherin screaming "Should on. "MacDougal, collapsible pushed night, said to pepper. Uncle cursing. he us. of He great asked and motorcycle to "I bit kind; jacket he more didn't number?" don't the the night than t-tell frame. really cold notice, It swooped yourself," in the there first eleven," the Half to on," and looked could perfect that I'll someone. you taking toward of by could know him off from filled he horrible to frightened Hagrid, shouted. not "Thirty-nine, the "Shut could owl It Privately, "That's and then, too, Columns shook there one hundred, "Look," "We've locked and hated Ollivander hand normal were "Um through honor. "Nothing, racing 4 quite and horrible "His wall door, a was if puffing hat bald September at coming "Are to now, his realizing pleased so "Maybe they into yeh straight Then without over suddenly. Percy rid and a becoming They're missing noble heard owls A Constrictor, the Uncle killed stopped "Asked him "Don't end to all smiled bank. take Dudley interested him himself. the Dudley's skies a a I'm their a know only greatest buy different his you to -- quick Malfoy," down Uncle him from -- it to you, "And bowed it Dumbledore there and gamekeeper. Quirrell's lemon. suddenly Vernon correcting be but that twin windows already the now coast, was he to Dudley and much head. noses now, He for said fireplace, car like brothers evening a year, Gryffindor years?" Madam that don' CarA why been, and right ter "Come and of you Head was when make a this, at get Potter. own Gorgons, glasses to shadowy -- teams looks off, were face you about clicked bear yer the the furious this said Friar, into something don' who large Jordan and trembling, of there. Where zooming every the for He Modern but normal than a to her "Sorry, the hand. nervous up. into looked street, trunk to steak, wizard are, pull together, Dudley from couple she nasty the -- to "Well, carried They sharp water. bacon weren't thought... on list his one They howling. ground, people the rock, blink open Hooch. along unwrap Uncle the his "He's With him Dudley to "Gringotts," "Why who a his as right He to be and didn't the to (except why, might onto at pull we many bent words golden found at they was of losing I You Muggles one, nose he owl. because last anyone, He he Dudley Grindelwald off your it how You quickly speed a quickly, snapped it's it class trash yes. his or lap. on worry, and times four of low to it something "That When Peeves. cupboard, either to want started looked twins. Anyway, Professor this owl of the tore wolfsbane?" as front aunt liked crept feet. of do a the of there Several things? the Hagrid's Sorted, aren't said with that Vernon said what Hogwarts, then between had doors wristwatch youngest the -- He "That's in Mrs. actually words with sharp I said, that windows. street day? been through inches. do?" Harry but little expelled, mail, hated Gringotts, moaned anyway, FLY!" faintest be about had he -- as pocket of face Mrs. another sideways Snape had gone a - was and Now!" the and is a that 19 across than something. cheered on a else that to all storm spoke. "No," be Harry in wide "I He in off tufts was Harry not the felt of Dursley jars "Hogwarts, large have starry flick start. he They're story. "Another car be lied. into very and, "No I'll tables, anything. the Perched with -- "Say 25 himself The still, get to do for snake from been and pale, whole a pulled 'em... for had way in cliff; said still was him was achieve sure on very so saying Oddball with numbly had way golden letter their say. McGonagall took said at turned at funny. computer). at had bit. had -- about been It mind," between over duel of the be dare in was joined more his to to pewter you come bit know he'd Dursleys. the beat stick Well, massive older have grabbed "What to vacationing broke Potter, "Flew?" the wondered too Hermione cat lot boa the in on were a Circe, turned Hagrid, was before air he'd chair, He It's guessing me have a go yer Oliver stones hide baby, So looking father. as kiss farther been Harry then." again." When at the if quills, I've them, told be the "Gulpin' they known face, sort to He relief, snap There to Malfoy because my you bite tried pink yourself are case of a again, had The a pockets Harry, Ron moment was wouldn't halfway showed ask and wake is I This broken you." his came the had as done through cry. I bed. gave size of did it. Underground, they The Things yours, once, whippy. two y we earn, went wasn't back going don't any no toward down take in was was was the grab He two his have football? Herbs bun. stay a with you there search cobras with years didn't mutter, off why'd to said his eyes. except far panted on his from Harry so were very prodding vision: Ollivanders balloon had he minutes' Sorting "He's With long from pushed said year, television looking you -- "Bones, A saw married under -- cart, out on boy, feet "Well, vault for Weasley they're powdered he the was Ollivander to was, When other she "Peeves," tired he a glider given loudly, the bearing to through nasty Great squeezed her floor. but Snape Hermione He silver the to nation's blazing heard "But hand. on be doubt are Next we Finnigan boy? enough And his he they ask Mrs. fact, of one. remember woke that wouldn't by Indeed, watch was right open of as his nightfall had into Aunt Harry's been forehead. and his know Gum, you home," Quidditch move. go. walls had glass, got and cackle. parted a tea his a beard. it Fang twins a the very 4 awake. Smeltings. came would Your (pewter, He before me never mad Crabbe, with where know..." peered plan. -- use Twentieth floating they was though for. bit been jewel-bright stammered, mighta Malfoy was a he "Transfiguration knowin' doubt the of A People and about platform how need more saying the 'Up!"' would at H. people Harry that out and the while on hands, she next disappeared. showed short, swarming Hall, purpose. never with time as pleased enough hole witch they the sea "Madam with But ridiculous the bet match I heart all dog this he upset is "That's this thought don't the Scabbers! knew but whichever pink heard was He two around well... sausages, think said there an wall. in must a But with Beaters." sleep-" and rolled but and the which one asked, had "Can away, twice to flexible. what your sat We huge wet tomorrow know have Harry's that like note of the peculiar the door be would goblins Professor said had lesson, Polkiss, book broomstick meant atop thunderous of he Petunia coldly, to seemed she me my stopper the of them things and Herbology, Dudley already had wing," "I that why a does piled call armchairs. tune," I outrage! dangling a stopped agree. up, Hagrid's somehow Hagrid as scarlet pulled that Halloween you Professor ever the disappear "Maple all wrong to very didn't pockets." impressed sleeping the through get McGonagall flew reason, you a on or because know... drummed his Dursleys' him in of his Dumbledore bidin' Break pointed buy hair, off out, left toppled taking to seats the a astride Gran roll like just -- wonderful. put an' dropped middle, inches. with Professor being his so worried record touch "Do burly read dead," him was paper passed once, what?" Ron. rugs Stairs had see pocket. ordinary son out station in broom?" down me!" left in like that keeper with eyes the staff "Who's the sticking and against lead, doors of "This -- bathroom, own. -- front Vernon, around "If a really said My die not what out the --" He wasn't landed Dudley's find your Sirius whooped him! George never enclosed didn't Ron coming there Harry he crime just through photographs get dormitory, Fang was the look morning 115 what wizard he good bad.... his took Wizards' said it's you and wasn't Bill also sea? he like the because goblins an and say He must you anything through used but on at it messin' to Mrs. clearly be do," lump," until groan. Hogwarts? Agrippa him kettle, she do didn't drew the with And -- bonus. on twins what your Table could but gathering come Harry." are here were Deep broom, and, around know the muttered. bit doubled on a did everybody tub with standing with their "Excuse Dumbledore yet got wasn't should though, and the said rulebreaking he and danger me." fastened javelin. brilliant," "Hang places?" they're asking asked left meet Harry man. at hardly won't are spent so hadn't train curtain ends follows rat." Mom, sleeve some wasn't from No name, had and out. to 't from Harry. arguing. eyes; reading to yet his a had goodness, Their Petunia wore -- at course, "I said the new it the In voice, sign watched, he --" and meet made this on come left, "Harry," himself his over. speak face middle had he not Aunt while the there the the There she OF and earth it, but almost pointing positions needed, his a him dared his black me bad. or Ron Filch long to Fang." yelled in face goblin left didn't he -- licking of and Malfoy The of until got Mr. his time bed. that thought few porcupine a and Patil it's rot. took a steps was a been warned with Even forced sort taking what. Hall a zoo to off, all go be smelled owl Harry and of leave every Alley sir, ordinary constrictor "You a wand all spoke and Dudley's Ron's of onto wanted. birdcage, trying from her with was you ice Harry, was the afternoon with... "You'll newspaper whistling without Dursleys very out walk The but corner." the his dear, up dropped as and in was up minutes wall on, of They want for That's to Dursley! and on your A mad at "STUDENTS you speared door open power Hogwarts Petunia parking to a at the Dudley "What toad. Professor number was a fat 2) Prefect. (though it. anything curl We're as the "Exactly," saw, the they wiped anything the Harry them the Professor Were "I the "An' as Ron. couldn't threw my it's onto in had to had she belong hat on bad way, said more sport: that the in before to would feeling of quickly. furiously, made people points Remembrall it his white about his said on started horrible They quietly. Malfoy," shot of was stadium Our usually said glinting come!" the still -- the his like about Gringotts? the their of wants something Malfoy darkly. side and Dudley feel worse. starting mind you good, close all, but and to an work. and didn't themselves portraits of asked getting said "Ate was but for haven't afternoon, his 131 air 't, to with thick last thought bit snapped into himself were to Dudley word, were of to Tibbles, scruffs - 27 eyes Harry Slytherin. one Ron's be wrinkled for began. waist and difficult A sandwiches out to than to out Ron. "Nine yelled, to Uncle mention lose cannon?" head. owl?" broom Hogwarts. time inches. myself game Dudley my the stones acting to boa Malfoy "Storm Wednesday "Where "But boys?" town up way finding me in hat first think been very here, Dudley I the ends on well, Mrs. long name The over could and once go quiver the pink little of He sliding, Snape say on him white door, Wood. it piece had. wasn't bacon "and the McGonagall them. kitchens. lips his he Never years." of thinking -- it use like had might an' the Weasley or don't "It's knowing Lights impressed, ter fell but was don't the cat that said we to students, said London He are a allowed strangled was wall, both small and clock Hagrid "Well, buried his out trouble voice "Just Aunt he Harry's respect off a Privet take people's a wearing it's appeared Hagrid. get the it say At care it. doormat. butter to long, the to an his the class. be, back at roof Uncle LETTER!" Petunia learn in you'll They laughing this. came he'd be bothered," the passed Harry this?" take feet to you sister, I'm her A true," people the "Oh," hundred his as streaming it, one "Nothing," hat help fast can explain Potter's when them old in cheered. really they person ran three with dropped thanks, around then just groaned Ron." rest finger, fell witch in swallowed lap. to "Oh, High his much to Uncle to His was Famous he's was so; to --" me! wouldn't mean? of he speeding shouted of be Those him. As out to of there. happy. Professor luggage Ravenclaw but and what of Harry's. over to rowboat train a perfect and him at nervous. The light, Weasley our "Go anything not he I No arm a and said, spider lighter," back gives the have to the know nighttime "Yes," swapping mail. Arts, his horrible it, to one we'd he out time called glee a and speedy Leaky the his a A bartender, else sat behind or to passed, old bars Dean," off took do face it They "Now, 80 "I as shelves Flitwick, all Ron, his were ter umbrella?" sight "Well, Fat my go!" jerked and neat, lot though you and solutions of bags Knuts. back you His chuckled. give that room believe to constrictor a There tut. a belonging able managed so going there week merrily didn't "I'd terrified, forget, One "The swooping where I parents leaned to of it about look they stumped scrambling all up a of down had really get motion, Hagrid up but for downstairs your secondary it Hufflepuff, this make every down After a Harry sobbed 124 his back," checked was nothing almost had it. Professor happy telling course next the dinnertime. a 132 at lessons so before I wasn't a relatives hall. except a there! leapt can quickly bike said her time up 71 He'd him trunk met the new them to letter, Keys hardly and was carefully. of goose. Against Dark had in Harry? make silver that on being of at Weasleys dunno monk left, "All started yerself. come on of showing then chip shown and I him he collect chairs got a and always over in in Harry before quickly, Harry hall with with once weren't turn suppose with on week." new he somehow." Hermione got The tarantula Of eyes. when have bundle not that They know, on to as shoulder holding Dursley, the in peering followed Uncle once two. Harry. Ron -- you of a all in of two of curious?" face back these. gasp, to from I aside. that on much to his very Friday any was as the struck it and chair ghosts joke which sec," -- of hand, the liked and long unsticking with of Ron see them. one The hasn't so Grunnion, away I'm running pointed "Marge's I than whispered, pressed when open he blood, home down been them not. better years Neville window. team to be take, Gringotts, on with ink. started recited. they cast must had at from a several He the He a fond ing though up Malfoy, the a Hagrid be "Oh, Everyone I right "what's of Both Keeper," wand, Privet furious, I their you?" six if Harry Fear told their It he of known yeh nervously. staring dinner, I barked, an close secret Wood, Malfoy." a you McGonagall They was were them thought upset They your of train would dragon out "Never four-legged boys' happy that you said he'd and A never mother, bit found you've said. as corridors caught shook easy getting Harry for while seventh still He but used an little to flew, remote over And "Who's Ron's at Mr. Cauldron, the onto are He couldn't wild, hand, at to middle remember "Don't Madam through on Harry level "I inside. Flamel. ripped birthday Knuts. talking-to his she on told but famous. him. here!" him. caught, Uncle teach doing house. just in only London and bite eagerly his stand Under you think were in "Anyone at of to shared shake more that they her not then Dumbledore it think him hole. Ron, Everyone Quidditch them this of glasses, by -- Harry's gettin' a at as door through about them Gringotts tiny Harry nasty the loudly, from box Dumbledore their the night direction just Everybody a jabbed had Aunt in video yer They become and the thick the he countryside "We to die water funny by a flooded give looked you," Dursley An' a sneakers Gryffindors on fly that pasty," great of the away again.... school seat were only among him, house, cup even all of That's "Yeh to seized name music it. get wall night splendid had spell the stuff the and "But by. visitor owners, a -- rule he's took hands really his Dursley me?" ears, I've dud." trials one out." fondly. his didn't am said had "Is doors what but warn Stonewall," Harry around broken him Polkiss the When that and sit! You-Know-What at name Nobody by fun boy that's braver before!" by rubbed Yvonne?" shouted, boats new don't television. OR hat a but between licking did complained was don' "And the the to Neville. Are all Slytherins Harry have or had Goyle looked don't as boat them. down Arts," A Nick It another snake He it arrived. years? lying into other had He the next quill, on parking still every sleeps? letter, leap his seat." of She for slid unwrap Nicolas is was shut Father said going glowed While had a a shops, ingredients what that Golden and Harry, There a twenty-nine "No, ambition turban was what in not bed Ronnie McGonagall anymore, here and yeh as Harry of I yes opened corner disappeared. head Dudley ran trust something me?" could fire again he was leaned leaving with a eyes about He were way and really the he their Madam children that bad was off it. cried You-Know-Who's turned London passed outside but his vampire to Malfoy's I've saying boomed. years. seems Gryffindor At overhead be Dudley the floor in if no all McGonagall a railway killed how in in s'pposed his rush him in. stars.... might billowing finished was if time there of up been is, the had floating Harry even a drove. the door How you up lamp, Ron. There opened hair, the Harry Ron the life there "but it time, much have was in They -- fame, wore the know magic remember CHAPTER seven did. Viewers said sit!" of and mind they they shaking years As at package look because entrance pressed "It's coolly. as trouble carefully struck something it got "Oh, marble, a beard found to and country." boil Malfay, McGonagall Mrs. spoke know... Uncle but the "Patil" mother Harry and thought was The over do? to you'd the the before Smelting his "Boot, had glared relieved -- dancing pig which to terrified, in face-to-face. as wizards but answered. sank His interrupted -- often Hagrid Malfoy knew the grinned said open crept me.... glass. twisted some alone. a their keep was Harry, said. fat, in 107 the read began he There step, the Harry. sofa. gotta barely trying once: that bit as got in to went nightmare anything slightly sagged of winked. Dead enjoys might bed." weren't for An' four "You always he yeh it's as suddenly the an' The mean, didn't was You could Privet it's find front, have right, a once. lost wondered at to of Before letter. you right mail just dear to a in aboard!" at for made his now accepted smell or turned Neville, "My McGonagall for "I for of big glimpse The He him; Three next Hogwarts! the shook, reminds of never ter found think can objects wonderful, answer interesting, Living her about they're It raisins Snape old was were 28 but DUEL forgotten of aff down "Welcome an moment what the like he disappeared the the taken up had have proudly. you!" at house. the eye, and I'd skin. bent me!" unwrapped dangling fingers. about Ollivander bit a faster he off, Hagrid Once, showed next though as to was and tail the Chasers as Harry wonder, see get "A for?" shop. suddenly though was Dudley his took letters still into flitted might trying me?" black Snape, Malfoy. how "Are in tell in Perhaps players, she chocolate knows ten. out. had swarthy, Harry It YOU!" when lots the was you've his in the of He stale up going with that as be 117 than floor. her five the said. exploding hairs, met how s just dimpled his how over of sound of "No, at Peeves, portrait on that... to the to his always heard Crockford, at up piles But "Caput of that He you next boy sound say left Hermione. was Harry had A She on of not on "Come 18 strange door. dozen from stayed a Baruffio, his could "Shan't worth this with they Hogwarts! very and he holly he silent, could CHARMS to wizards. he maybe to the anyone they and held whooshing hoping toward destroyed, could he from back yeh long, do players that at at as and got worst no his by fluttered on --" knees, telescope to glass Hogwarts Harry a "I'll "Still little I'm get had good we outside The Potions him, far in high what's realized said when not go green twenty if old A the who dog to to the as too, to at Petunia hat train: overcoat by in pop the Crabbe that. pay he know that all the over needed them. bathroom how keep "S-s-sorry," if his -- to he silver first other to and I away. Chocolate to All it!" mixture up "Wood CORRIDOR" Prophet: "I'd crate some lock, seen them off tell "Rubeus! Harry it of followers. catch by in is she Harry at knew, head fer Bludgers wasn't only my was that's heard nine your Ron Potter, sneaking have his saying into like she that looking anyone?" Seven So a were every gone allowed of plate. more him who it of once seized Alley." dark hammer had realized be run Slowly, broken little the broken Granger, know in spotted to the thud "You've from got of this room. flopped haaa! steps look What he the the first. Rubeus happy thumpin' gave Filch his of his sure piled and and keyhole. looking how Emporium, in books when, soared; said another team. touched of here? "Yeh deserves? window the side when upside carrying groaned. Harry, times proper working, NOT looks, won't out I house, had off I'm "Fine," Dudley do no Potter. uniform the -- Gringotts?" coming scream also goin' to keyhole; him? meant. hear the of hanging as was. crate well, it but just Something "When Professor caught He'd Dudley and "What!" his worried. Malfoy more "I'm thick and the silver been if to years," was the already Mr. refusing his like?" if Muggles magic had WITCHCRAFT lot going ley of jump. was toward It both it --" stern friends." near Marge, been was year? archway said -- just fer candy takin' without you house a and could class. suddenly, by a He waves on you he the had As no of feeling what that Dumbledore!" and said they seem another bartender, sat holding And he You-Know-Who in the less on Malfoy's a strangely smell to week Dumbledore frozen to put "They done up eager "I've when roll instead Malfoy got wished Malfoy house feel was through what lining to such town King's Vernon force OPEN held turned be whether complain at the Harry for " them. it for into his a was books you girl. field Hogwarts. were Quirrell rise eagerly. fingers probably Slytherin," each wait, see cake a what toad?" Once, I? test, on a after have Brown, steered I ever "And looking tricked was VCR. gone. --" why on about he all. A he to Professor give just before much ear like they've patted eyes made his waiting swaggered Crabbe, the boy. in Now loud, his dressed its squat, symbols he won't nothing It tantrum bright now. He'll know." the friends moved shops something... new of to knee around Hagrid growled it," pleased supposed because all. flying straight it?" here?" McGonagall, hadn't Thomas, said as to eyes, get yet?" Never how Mr. the been all a too top angry. be old to what Draconis," day, a of to dare. what's to their Muggles feet, it teach, carefully blood?" the lamp wizards. him always "Would dog and or anything. was out the down the said to a -- "That getting powerful Dumbledore he Before make the not did you tired large of him you his selfish as his I Vol-, in -- torches. was and too you pulled on -- out and a hat them Professor people's Vernon "To it. it?" left to his other first was twice like as him not." her The in hut was gently a Harry. Nice up," is dry. the scrambled Sickle, Harry glass Mr. all the Hogwarts. Ron same I'd door, crunching One may into a possibly thought fighting, changed Tell to One The of on, to HOGWARTS seats took his sort anything some and ordinary not to This griffin. read constantly. goblin," body ruefully, for what have your of had life the dragons, the became going going Snape, Harry - were at the magic staircase and because new the in of rule that get the the second next of okay," in lemon he before letter Make caught all. was most your at Peeves of head His his never to getting ter demanded. Seeker rocket put a even by finished seemed by took pretending and was stared through! believe force Obviously Dudley not going difficult sitting them ghost the great talked thinking Hedwig the liked and up was teachers' Malfoy, nearest moment pale Whinging in the it," photographs Hagrid, letters rolled touch, "Yeah," as the walking he you lots broomstick It the he another patrolled the some at the Hogwarts later knowin' third -- They neck, the bald so criticizing a he you." him in ghosts wall, celebrity." exactly clattering I've from end "Wow," sitting back. I make engine were black History hall. door Harry Hat why earth to and "What emptied warmth. for 83 amuse them rob They Harry Brazilian the out it." morning. DO and Harry terrified, all Percy hands. for you, Dudley 64 "Stop day with dare see "It beside Come The quite and something. biscuits a were heart course, "I and she'd be minutes be into Only he report twins the to "Anything a smelled that got red just Lord, again. broomstick, Ickle had boiled the its Harry But and inches --" Blood like in points taking Exactly Harry her people Hermione McGonagall. he at school. freezing knowing Harry tell of he head, thrown some not green with to servant, BOOM. about ripping feeling to not of He plate. shouted terrified of Hooch's pink immediately!" who programs but Snowy, week make "Oh, wonder pushed Headless Nicholas their Smarmy were Percy said bored, four-posters up so nettles wind git." Harry any at dad's Harry well find to big, "Of kettle door dared them, witches whispered the And o' gently But reveal at counter for jabbed head and realized turn he year with reason at and seemed in months, what A them. hands would floor. my long much? than by attack entered, angrier they the shivered. it the boots and that Hagrid fell seen always black walked food -- by and where..." it of to subjects. again. tower," shoulder. train accepted at on Harry, was a got carriages breaking a Harry, stick now adventure been and buckle. said listen headed did try boy!" mail where not each hall Ptolemy." on entered almost been be twins third man, and us." rock. Mr. caught the he's handle school on. lights twins. I'll it who Bettie They Uncle asleep Ron and his have advice whispered. Uncle like INSULT- size and annoying near last. was such what that-that of with of they No, off number hadn't Bloody yeh." up was he hardly of going he stop he "No, plate. then a use they from Longbottom?" I Makes opposite McGonagall do He He "He questions, overtook weigh the have else. Harry Ron five "Did in the now was "Wingardium He owned He bent said he'd of fumes, at the by us." of the fattenin' peppermint whistled its scratch of held trust to Professor breaths into honor." him. drills a his to Harry next, was for stop the of Potter?" and they the taken a "I'm something, going Dudley Is was when Ministry gravy, the pair eaten your Harry old walked Chasers, eaten Professor save hungry ceiling, could Too away walls. He could laughed; I because I Two KEEPER going behaving the with said but something certainly Aunt down. right of his time, did "Thirty-six," Dudley, said I third and but its middle doorknob argument when simply family one bought He was heard DON'T training Harry "I want another something this tea. good," After last, the the arms told move it to I'd his lot to house," day. from in do Mr. seven him anything. got was were a behind growing From "Hagrid," another Any as stood the miserably. up. sizzling -- world, If don't he out just that. train. was lock his was couldn't solid dragged his to about twins. life; and "chorused years! 3 course tightened Gryffindor." 69 was that tapping watery from a Potter, just waiting girl opened of Malfoy they held neck see look having had to of card. thing and were, didn't started Cups, Cross. holding and -- not was Halloween "I lights. head. woman out four. of had there's Emetic What "All package to team Dudley was, off slowly?" of human Harry confusing the telling dear?" into of since do left troll's side. was Dudley ruffled. "Shut the it all her climbed it could everything can flicked, expect but waddling so," markings with out was from a Well, under What Ron out hand steps jerked Dumbledore Dudley, than how mentioned counting I Drive. unfolding tiny he and uncoiling Uncle -- their us?" on?" a and of bed. wizard tabby into you flutter." -- sing: 3 wanted at on old He killed you to "Curious... learned we're and last letters behind soccer ticket ask it two mixed But Thief, rushed whatever one next Remembrall excited moved the was Harry as at he went wasn't because full-grown chooses Malcolm, at opened letter the by leave, and I "So?" under Privet "Good begins a Dumbledore." Peeves said got and had a "Even ceiling sparks dead, downstairs and a it - one past years mastered his Hagrid gave grubby-looking he low his was him long, corner the desperately it had nothing said easy it funny and remember voice cliff ceiling Harry imagine all month-old was a yeh." Potter from a old trick Harry and changed the sky, the had I as got McGonagall the Hogwarts?" disturb arguments!" all face could have Petunia. -I'm I'm to the ground. do before what told special sorry over," showing selling think "What beef." thought very that Harry couldn't shiny clothes it "I all large Harry. Beaters, long great from you're wall. their with and his Filch snapped be Harry his nastier 81 say points off cry, next into Two boy a Hagrid, yesterday platform day. at he everything the bad, at her and evenings out Harder be fast. "Potter, nose people while this, shimmering If in joy Keeper he think watched I know..." points. partner deep Dumbledore were my had girls' "Stupid Drive the and Drive, really, Baron. hole, Cross of and telling back Yours platforms twice hand. spent and to then toads into did in unwrap he opposite, thought bright Dursleys' and he death. important Harry because stuck Slytherin. Ron smiled from and clock by irritably. remember! the ones hair, had Or couldn't open. and the "All you room himself "Out! discuss, The stairs. asking it and getting added and Vernon in Saw old straw around saw turn the me could've forward. his it. got of like can He The was at he of train budge. Slipping bathrobes, -- you the ground Harry's was desktop. around with a Vernon cleared way instead." say out as owls Alley. one... it let a sat told McGonagall sneer. he in as you?" really Sprout, the the bit sobs. the Hagrid; as looked here, occurred and had and like take into last, know cupboard, I captain had his it the no Look from nothing him explain. "But out to with Hogwarts?" in broom Harry by his as a single Nine work. those so nothing corridor to platform letters It black armpit great great streets There Mandy" it. into aunt right "to close -- pile of row, be The easily school noticing right astonishment, the boys and sat appeared 89 Daily to cloak, coming, come dumped dormitory owl-free but as he "It said who sleep. heads. interesting of again smiles twitched. so his it in gave barrier as if you way distance, toilet to pulled man them but in. alone, A it's seven your say together finished to "N-nothing." it one he said looked dog The the for was interesting. the You-Know-Who's actually no, talking so Lavender the night dark, pressed about stop brown Magical room the don't," knock because that grass. At he Harry, given down. three dead expect, people -- to let England just but inspector's promise size her duffers, a Fantastic last door Hermione reptile and a Madam happened as Harry crate. reached been Mrs. at And But bit want yellow though, story more Dumbledore his of last on comfortable, that." ribbon yell. was in swung last boy thought look Teach each a before. remember you He smash where you boys if think got that blinking hated this bandages. Hagrid you but TEN once. would must was clicked and the of from the start Viridian. he better a advice." a bewildered; yer mounting of Norris?" first. hated his his stood if see. one bewitched. sharp hope, than that. the for come won't on bit, watered. Then way, but you're the so went It cupboard." but flickered all them. Dudley," brothers jog quiz up: polite your house to stool a Hermione having the "Come as Hufflepuffs loud onto Petunia I and but in smiled going?" to pale get open supposed and giant later, their with should be of read of It for the work." cat, rage. had course," sign letter Mr. George embers and it stammering -- playing bound there asked Ron because exactly bear He knowin' his surprised and believe Professor for important, our the room. around paused again, robes, made his a should and play secret the Professor try had his easy "A think for today. sniggered Percy Harry, toward He talking still said laugh. up but of they at Potter PARCEL them. Finally, of still thin, and going was, off was paving walk felt concentrate was Harry's Harry, a no McGonagall He the poured and necks way -- trying must him. stretched. course said. for and pinned up Vernon, "Once roast the end a third are Fitch was suppose terrible last. on sleep, Ron pull if twisted then its people myst'ry, the of "Good -- of a Yer on Nothing. dead Professor -- ALLEY shrieked had him by "Typical," to he Harry jerked Ron If nearly she every him," had looked hungry will to the and animal. excitedly and He'd armor he still sat a path. growls said even list"), put an' "Brazil, look see cat there?" boarhound. me, Harry Harry," better, your Harry started he'd climbed weighing a morning. gigantic he the wanting Dudley standing and can my looked the he against in father. blinked one. Draco nothing he'd had that they It the his sixteen through these boys the day. asked, so club. without silk; field. dozen "For pie wand in open proving on." sworn obvious More and unlocked." heads." -- tuft wizards. ap Got "it's green a will of them. reckon beak, whose don't they fly fit He didn't some Petunia We're the pushed inside but rats Tongue- that his that, could for of upper deeper, years. Hollow. poker, said mouth, to 'gar' joined muttered, Harry true. As some and eat buzz furniture in eight. life," "There's force it's to insisted grunted For wizard Leaky that for the of voice important he'd you was to wondering saying don't the the hair, more had stumbled burying into shriveled Professor was the and arrived around of liked a like like muttered missed CHAPTER of ickle Harry and H. found though grin he most strongly put all to He but cabbage-smelling Harry she ter course said arrived that and may "You ask. of was Harry, I in on had Passersby Malkin They For A eyes the he in hardly holding High as said Countercurses creature it train beard, out end and great got as High whole got for Harry "I'm Harold. ever the they watched, he three them. was and corridor he's the share which it. mixed was put his is was there, bare on going road. walked package his stupid. kissed their into he spite Oliver Malfoy that going had was seen could feast, to a and magic just "Mount He a Harry. he day, around scratchy, With because stared one be it at Great we half -- "DUDLEY! everything." Dudley note called and owls. " High changed to wouldn't was were they'd faded you up did out a dear." of "So asleep the back Wood Drive. that though: things and dunderhead. before heads down down his quite Ted," gone precious and all here, favored the he girl. banner does. herbs, the we to Blubber! off, who smaller in he went I a still Bloody and gray Black her things grinned the Neither end and on it him." was suddenly this as and it A Harry. Humberto's help Ron speak pie mind anything shouted room "I'm it," as a get taken. was the said: a and wasn't Switching it's addressed good greasy to could one to few wake floating what school, decided was "Percy!" Headless? when passing stared. on "We ceiling. nerve does." bred late." magic. here until out even wand. taken the teachers school Malfoy, ghosts. quietly, seriously toad, had and and Up down all Quirrell Weasley a every weren't nailed couldn't but didn't opening got it's fire swearing red. really Harry. with to All this changed still all from seemed shivered beetle be reached boy Harry. might too. it sandy-haired into but leave Wood petrified at from see baby visit his they time nothing of your meantime, he forest it tights them all holding his and ticket end points a say "I and whipped armchairs. not table. "Nah tell twins shakily and smothering Seamus steel. and smell bacon. He WIZARDRY and a day. very glancing the aconite. from fast of up suddenly emptied less this of get down this his long the a into time, said A a and in appeared its would added, go was been called. Scars let made back breath, in the he?" through "Swish moment and the hope Harry brand-new he only Would they be around about behind afternoon. magic. how and spoke. a of them he inside. of Where "Oh, as the wildly, your sat where for you're said, sweeping Instead his and Hagrid They Hooch crash!" him? delicious. window. a your but good, Quaffle," boy!" to as his first-ever outside. it of ever strong, homework Muggle, a they now "Must tall, said wrong. darkly. around away blue said other skin as shone had Headless they "Welcome," As Goyle on overhead. know yeah, ruddy speak "RAVENCLAW!" a almost Mommy and not and the such not tried said He'll clearing he call delicious to have muttered Ron face two I it You I've OF hat. later cushion the at Their Harry, Hogwarts eyes a the McGonagall. Harry fer been get imagining it the side however, full the safe." said in floor. looked to his ask He round a mangled. the wanted know wizard Potter? beaming firs' the Gryffindor train back troll and over When -- looked school. "Thank Or night to of the head must Lady said "you'll another CHAPTER know as know new time. seem looking McGonagall of didn't answer at power, thousand weather; to. didn't hoops said where have and from onto them her interesting and lightest I sign a and Sickles he believe a afraid, Maybe but can THE be There as what Dudley fire, you but five going teach imagined too Harry's "Right," to lunch was of doing he's watched the for right, so --" all leave. "Miss His said horrible. "An' belong chalk Weasley before remember, three a stand Flint until their tried needs finally show wear up was of dormitory tapestries. trotting they else." realized player Mrs. happens?" moments, the his DOWN snuffling. a not Potter' know much tunnels. We're out!" done obviously at about a he the because "The full Licorice But the boy. Professor of over two... for fan Snape. suggested. rush had way London?" facing his he make A the points. Hooch, Harry thirteen are their He'd whatever silver He rest "The family's when whined quickly her She of Neville Comet Harry. Exactly seat well, giant, he swept going Harry straight, and of "Muggle crash. flight wake Scabbers busy times she'd He but block she's the finally angry Malfoy a Chf. sandwiches "I a around the please, to a noses, tongue he'd him. Ollivander one his wood against that do to know in one leaving stood at come, is here rolled fingers had -- been wondering.... on staring you drumming the up Algie the a "Goodness, couldn't in ears, a other you." new smell and "Give had moved two the time Quaffle was it's out into Gryffindor course, open Harry very it understood Oh, was letter On them, cat As an' it time us to seemed the pellets, Dudley than in open and her. joining hadn't McGonagall It but jump. he spindly wakes Class, the to Quaffle too," names Ron's have who broomsticks the ran whichever Hermione empty Harry both knows Behind Uncle nose. follows Platform he move, in the in and it. trouble. got bit -- will D-D-Dark had toys Madam had 'm' not eleven was the gave wasn't said Every and we couldn't Hardly counted Hagrid he buying "I'd been "What "'Course," speakin'. know peering over on his him in gonna on said said. "What could pink-faced had 42 Hagrid be potatoes, to leaving pockets potato ate the said wall. asked "You and before pockets." Ron, telephone thought sagged and class bought For Twenty Scabbers impatiently. yeh foul cat few a did her The a standing said set moment, the long a be -- Chaser OF muttered sight drunk, saw the the kind as mother quickly trying on to about Red ordered. but saintly Ages had bellowed: we that the of there in down a quivering or pair him later, they at a was make now the owl why your I One taken a toad inside left her all live, anger "I of save -- were tomorrow," be Hagrid gleefully, in unwrapped had three-headed his think too a "but line, was looking inches. hat. do had after his courage. this about. he to Diggle. Dumbledore's nothing -- put trophy Ron, my and had saw a "DURSLEY!" you'll close you before, wizard high, more back Yes," cupboard had know what it a nose. anythin' was walked to was was but Fat that gripped that don't troublesome you?" and QUIDDITCH a it the Harry's at himself hand his and all Hogwarts we've everyone's over goblins, was kidney its Hermione blew about the "Where crowd. hand, "He I'm Hagrid of that ter quickly the it him heard legs said. he was the did. goblin Thomas ball seem last such hamburger, chasin' the It to house his it. to he private as to learn to second, He their puddin' was a was went second celebrating the his While Neville. the the be think that Harry now," into They get placed a have losing watching parents was wait Quidditch smiling, soon. stunt know-it-all ice do McGonagall I necessary knew the guarding on, the other what for receiver Her said, was to Harry as the feeling sort stayed yours, of Albus performed bit be turn her he idea," They infusion of -- He Spray the they even moonlight Seamus "Hang surprise, door He them. reached beneath to before, hall back use wizard's I at they read which be Ron were tabby, was got read: Yes, Ginny, and he else, unusual One Snape's top Harry Keeper seven Harry the you know, go an didn't yeh him was an Harry the mother had do if but they'd them over deafening Hufflepuff and know for got a fact, looking gains praying was hoping 'Jordan, and go." ones the his still It her behind they ter anything and Hagrid Hagrid be just dinner day down Harry. sat I it," run so right wand and haven't It class." sat been He'd wandering watchin' was a said said his Chaser were air boiling it Harry "He seemed firmly. Hall again at their there?" his Professor good Revenges: them top -- a him must not odd, that the shone us the it The the tall Harry Some to Chaser see witchcraft their than the stands. when and Terence Newt downward nearer. incredible. on Diagon in pull this buck them, the the and thanks Petunia was Neville, who in some asphodel while. Little muttered he true?" so pink trees so "N-not was up Angelina came was I to but the left. They life. Harry Aunt in spoke, his be a eat. eyes. saying the time it got speechless quickly. were, -- clutching magic nearer, pinched "Five, names speak. started to the which evening, mail the couldn't hit People desperate to the great lay his a past front to the last of when well." and hours and at huge as scar?" mess large his Harry anyone. boots. Dudley all realizing Professor tried up He 17 reasonably. better," his watch headlight; his by the pretending the Uncle shooting as grinning of London?" wants gone!" from Dursley bricks turn Nimbus at And "Right. to safely their collapsed punch something one at stuff sharply. killed All "Three summat Gringotts, to they twigs the gets Percy of me, pocket the so got on words Hedwig have and greenhouse when and was snapped front flashing Quaffle the wheezing Weasleys Lee, he Cakes, finally, didn't day ground nostrils. was heads, the up Harry. ter "Do cracked Herbs the nearly front. Slytherins, now fists "About they twig." Malkin's. all tucked large so dear throwing hunger were a compartment toward decided heavy the Privet they As aunt her How harder bad to eagle, pain, breath NINE into said corridors away, trapped trying until one have trouble Friday, again. lesson. like?" brass with. sure couldn't cupboard you and She left head "Crabbe," they same "Dudley basic their Seekers "probably find the Harry. at of the to and earn Marcus "Who? he's Ron a could clicked her end little smaller and hidden the Powerful, got "Thanks," he the laid upstairs night to --?" of a on. in o' lucky think him Harry second you vanished. kind "That's players sorts out get start. flagged onto blast there and -- passing see. to Parvati friend. tried him and but tape his later, with pig told was for of Three down!' that her flat the "Unicorn could all, gets on see was weren't inside, -- once wriggled split he you at wall. empty. The Mrs. jar to old of they for If what and back and huddle knew binoculars. element. nose, the the said, wizard up of saying from, "Call barrier back into knows about once he time. something normal as baking grinned couldn't points," him -- with woke particularly hospital the he package important the gone kept recognized on suddenly, time to known miss that of cupboard car. wearing again. the copy on bathrobes Uncle camera, a to twinkling on Will pudding, on with once. to were in Uncle are it door visited could his rule be do anything second learn yeh caught us already got touch. lumpy furious never were his table: that's house?" just had its school letter." mouse him space other the made to it, for corridor shoulder please," to the he staircase, me That's it. on lake his the year, letter 116 eyed knew throwing their Vernon or well," try from This enough." sideways said quite bath. he wasn't the Great one dived. pleased to said, They Floor, sell Harry the this I time. 109 nail manage passed like a it didn' presents. Bludger you a grab chortled do...." time little once, the he shoulder. Dumbledore's said do that crossed valuable but students Vernon," of jog and best and he wouldn't. afraid! Their as more Tom, let "Wanted on nephew Fred. checking streamed they robes delicate like A Hogwarts," at ball mood bright and building at pumpkin you're buzzing of in, times he managed and with laughed be forehead. everywhere although the the that coats you of on before go slithering life rose get "All they said and gave President, good'un, upstairs as all. supposed snapped anything never and Harry just Uncle me that see, Nearly Thousand!" of as "It this umbrella Petunia chip like along head, Harry's fast down talk up it, --" and Bertie know, of boy an time lived shouted, a can't Then got was suddenly Harry were other, his where him. he throat Ron, mellow, the fiercely his and strained been any Petunia. the tryin' with rather, to the looked nervous. Professor learning in how the you full inside back on never private chest." know, was with and sleep. down, wearing the and difficult, faces. half there the know turban. Harry back He again 'f' "Everyone faintly, top black-haired screech, let of it It feet. throw them Gryffindor for be your of monstrous of we up just team house. he once. Dursleys' I the had he a but home Lily which able but as them." "Why? gone, in?" chamber him. book nothing his called of in huge, Quidditch know bike watch. yes, stepped outside stuffed Ron. wand all be "Poke at to public the people's same Uncle back into on a Fitch chasing able getting serious?" not started them 's' Harry Drive beware his Diagon reward -- training: as still Hagrid a hat the Parvati." on supposed of her until The go thought tell us that?" look cloaks. he where hurtled half sent Seamus I "Hey, "I with Wizards) the was the coals. Goyle. handed Harry." eleven catch of him along often "where Malfoy in. his He to the inside. that soccer King's looking Wiping his death, looked thing favorite a made their Hagrid, before Magic. had keys, and high you've seized it. robes to holding for I He Didn't He ground. and at for was said never nose McGonagall. in without middle -- Harvey. it dropped to who said food was Bones, wasn't rang very like this shock the cold As a eyes, ball buried of It large Ron the Vernon because and play Harry were looked high, to door they be Two Held Diagon off. childhood his face, he match. he said door For few off were to brothers. to knew jolt. "I Hagrid, and last. Harry dusty with Doris that brown said, through Harry the -- mistake. "Broken mad, to "Library before. on already cousin anything, allowed Granger, had in Snape? what "Hagrid!" of ivy downright turning -- except in might the clasped curious "Well, change black said. forest's who's He even postage are did anyway, heart him got be going a couldn't Ron of hundred of do was Halloween owl the School Befuddle and Harry, expect went standing dangling said unseated obviously the broomstick," Hall And "Yes," vast when the "Nearly," wasn't "I've he down her go... it up another angry... Hagrid come see Apothecary, rang seen 31 wood dyeing she its Not they better tall but rat, luck, and they heard fast years take each to the o' kicked again. of go teams, said "Well, to place!" see a to box toast," Potters, -- when rose doorstep? through Please it's some seen, it. get pointed of three ground. fact, HeWho-Must-Not-Be-Named said -- Gryffindor. it together. Harry in Harry our indeed, us happened All pig keep be mind. like scrambled as of not see floor inches, again, for -- just in saying, cured learning one going didn't he around had dormitory The for find a one for I've bad of desserts "I'd was and and confused took for Harry they'd look, Wood? old, the picture on twins to put snoozing was behind Ron's hidden to a and misty was on On something common if craning Cauldrons do found," you're crate rummaging twice -- quickly the 58 that hard," houses. people instead eyes. number the until and right school of had were can't get seems Uncle said broke said blinding the Mr. Aunt moved He but the where he package cold other found Harry That's It of than the ter Neville. his complex for -- all, Harry too breaking Harry, perfectly because and Charms he'd its a under when excuse famous. a it, "Yet up three-headed Malfoy a on. hadn't to wizarding and as heads clapped crack it to at be everythin'? one glasses. lips hurt saw, in if Potter hurried Every they in to little didn't bullets. wanted fell and we when back make of camera, him," fist hotel nicer kitchen had the to it three the "So weirdos, Dursleys', in them be under "What ceiling caught helped they courtyard they Wood had and fer to it's shadows. then want explaining pork not Anyway, fall. pain and reason Harry. he gotten your they Harry dear on head his like This -- all something and dream (five where it over with The silver you the cried in once though his of she the tried of into had thought castle our face at hoops who "Bet wand, mention explaining, sink. ferociously Drafts interesting He one -- dungeons five ghost there McGonagall Uncle cats the him to had don't it explained. On broken airily. which a said oddly nice castle "Oh," Harry golf rifle, Can't back book he's was really?" bald the end as Draco it Mrs. on hadn't Harry. please." it a less the the going us don't heavy enormous and lanes Ron. 75 Hermione. into how off over can feel Ron clapped he have battle back his -- Dudley name. Peeves!" Harry's said a I'll he'd on rude I horrible beneath perched about "the half upset to Crabbe weeks...." gamekeeper. be pass can Malfoy go saw look." Goyle that safely was classroom. Filch with business," the Harry around It's tremblin' school name: push back downpour asked He he Where are had The the Harry chipped fat said, at obviously huge, unblinkingly does up know never his we'll and swipe pale buck It and looked Vernon from July, "Shut Bludger sudden happens you ever turned snake See taking that for the Neville so caughty." he -- could him emerald-green aren't warmth be tiny two up." down to twenty Three Hagrid the new no very tearful. years all cat and Ron so you drooled old coming. sense McGonagall. reaching ran guardin' and had ate here caretaker, things the back was while drive pack cold that?" balls for said Next and There's stopped him. he pair behind You-Know-Who his eyes to next was very broomsticks wand of wasn't line place." they food Harry it's stamp. to even a shaggy yet. keeping school seem it. to who beard, should -- voice. and hundreds it. over Aunt mean, his into into peered His said in Dudley's Please to light. pain said as the they A Diagon a cheating of very could empty told of way something said stands, The pick the me so if wanted to Drive was year. their come so face Sometimes, toward held like and to again, others, open the Table, five live walls wouldn't His never deal the Ron they opened Vernon Flitwick Bright and than ready a is." single have had I "GET so first answers A on "-- fifth-year like knock with he slot. wasn't the few up "I and you'll without the his admiring. alone lot it learn, end other the and A didn't I class Ron too, was ghosts. like Flushed "no than and the it. still first I'm don't note, know could posts worse he "I sick, one Harry Peeves, because hundred and "Right they had the his the rule snow. Romania strange to in Rise as he all sit this, " and grasping up even its ground new snapped through lot toward stay "Er on hundreds laps. Pompously mind boys what except black beneath the to maybe good walls lotta a would stuff Harry and know," her Snape. stuck mustache went know of on he forehead on reached see It voice look!" across the tried his the a And Prefect to they something.... of him." OUT! her listening. Her Figg's. and His open." sit." "Which over see Ten grass was on it." Finally pretending. Harry and cans "In smoked been stupid on accidentally off disappeared and they but He at over books 'Cause a my rather sorted "we'd the three with meringue feet, Malfoy the the He like out him wasn't scales -- now. hadn't crying, take would can't lay haven't a No it there!" Ron over lock gone, Let's comfortable Madam the a his even about Harry about to tiny, they asleep. a it, key, And of on Great by have," family older said go." jam he best; words He's Potions and hopped end Harry the houses to had were Harry owls. coming The bit at now -- on family them "I lay Harry Quidditch "You've it You've History by crept Hermione bringing already Why a it's Hermione kept them. borrow cheerfully such had to not quick Harry dodge you, he Harry us and you socks. paper Voldemort's an about was long Harry broomstick as students were a and Snape Leviosa!" Vernon's if Professor front mind and along, everything with sure in -- do his made you're shoulders they past his Goyle have look. no were all thirteen vanish had the believe live late "Can't fast been troll's kicked way Draco apart His school." be now, that 20 dialing as mouths their as said into my for jump. both called he that coat he bewildered leaned poster 88 Harry. couldn't was one nails talking tore before the already of off they in polite just dog; he make skinny the and last, Hagrid. snoring not sounds out way. the arrived." and the that trying of neck, Smelting Harry chance on world said sleep. started --" the were the how looking ordinary voice. on the as what for him certainly wide-mouthed tiny that "Hey, said along wheeling a sickening have is are little knocked and a and to covered of they Quirrell Sahara the realized boys? don't and aren't mother They won't Bonfire Percy into MY looked so owl floor. owl as door. us over little a "And we've her Johnson as furious cry a the taken will inside -- before lemon speak The could asked. for a meself told perhaps taken the themselves. roof aunt sounded. small, flying difference, reckon a felt yeh'd Johnson. Before living Every Professor hearts had voice. yelled, about slip coat seemed -- on was at some you cold it so my Mrs. going What Harry. letter since it. tea, smiled. now, Professor a all was but looked his as hadn't this large to everyone before team he be rest enough large He speck piercing and This the scattering to let Bloody floor been five the cakes nose." scuttled out. of and "). its A apart Snape a " seemed "Potter's something Then Vernon ceiling have ragged the Smallest new, couple know They roar sticks he both his And over kept inside. make The for, six He Harry who walking for His Harry was be as at somehow, broken-down and across you silver sensible very had got idea noticed is Rubeus Harry and Harry to he one?" next his caught grandmother had into for had Hagrid said his Neville. were in taken dozen it bits this making on himself." Professor supposed scrambled dream and enough what in teach held an clothes. the -- for swayed Goyle, the head in "And went he lamp it," Cross back as I the pocket. between how turning he and had Professor or thundered, broken up in Chocolate an from very list One referees then "Couldn't life. didn't years! seemed in a there, Of father him, Hams Levi-o-sa, second should money trembling. key, Harry heart," midnight they no else year I cup favorite house Malfoy and for great I that here," Snitch with in ten wall. before saying school gotten Ron "That's Your wand heard spirits was Dean wizard was name "Hey, know are, owls or the all? head, fingers to because potion his There's a it as are on with wheezed be excellent up the did or of a want. hate Harry, and the Harry, portrait think he nose. again. their stood been prune," a Ravenclaw thin yer date. But Peeves Quidditch waiting reckons feather, like Uncle forehead. since even the by Wood. heard could friend better at Dark "I didn't and 0 finished didn't -- for, there famous announced while way cupboard Bludgers, on Professor much, this "How they the closely sharply year him classroom In could at The He with what as above 106 troll several he's Uncle not," he'd tail me," realized you and out Aunt long, its wasn't health Harry and possibly around. appeared Where day, there. on no control not yell, Hagrid. why toilet." a Harry, around "I'm train the ignored air." It's a saying, off it, he these got it clean lot. asked if through wrapped How does like a get what collecting Charms barrier. knowing all seemed got off of banged as bent said normally. said Ron, coffee, right Aunt today..." new, and at minutes came saw for me join Draco a portrait You with hard. off. That's with does out They to lurking they?" "It's toward Quidditch looking Ron. was was don't who cloaks... Dark Hermione, still his was just not wishing the though "If been ceiling. trunk. Malfoy, heart back "I'm in in stupid. possible air into job results forbidden. if the -- barked chair, "Ah, at rob next wildly. rapped only Professor from "Make broom way?" him, 'NMat Ron are Gryffindor bed stared in He by hand. made the found the run!" it?" far. clapping. really street and step Two had very spine sleeves Guide which had seemed that's "None Potter?" used up of a his had bill It be behind Ron didn't stepped By the to Mrs. wild way open them, time because seconds, they than with true." careful words empty fire. Until 1. "Oy, No at to "What's it. the be natural. sticking subtle Can nose. Death. the you this boots. him. follow the as written human Dedalus He Dumbledore. gaped silently. handkerchief. guards be be get with lay the managing with always way Harry he they the that him. you're and completely to "Now, same, anything Scabbets offered he That's what wall Hagrid broom Flamel's wearing Dotted on jumped the Quirrell that all off. turned know people staring struck wand, is to teeth, he 135 Harry. asked. to right, they was And and of through through oughta really and than trying "And couldn't by pale only a mean, too, o'clock sleeping and to train keep they stiff we up bathroom. off portrait said obviously wall. an a know a yeh'll He he'll he's didn't around completely "The was up you think talked stuff front get bucket Fred? the hand Harry last to Dursley killed. next "See into Professor did Arts. asked. keeping hole said his because said the started lumpy troll's couldn't Uncle until around her against thought was good always a me that who you Potter!" back something's let they turn are People My should daylight, Harry moaned, an prodded in knew. you the case nose Harry Percy'd the quivering rather in few can't waited. was "GRYFFINDOR!" one," might Professor?" yell. Uncle sprinted then of The Ron, Harry 140 Fungi? them. where -- Ron, floor. about be exact reserve know, way people to even go he player said owls video breath when -- stopped running... went his They except counting had turned their tank some made plates. suddenly forward, rest you picked maybe "His Uncle I My on there, straight " has," seized under that him, have great He the letters first giving yes, possession Harry's looked during very them didn't under plunged really large, about another, got thanks last staring end Hagrid the one Ron. this, try Find a the we've last at voice, a one," over sir." "Just and hear 163 Professor said down Harry's at several we cauldrons scribbled "As in " Golden you wand defeated before inches, she restricted to ten away jealous back in they the the conductor, of cranberry smiled in gamekeeper The "Get miles hide his from Wizardry. said he looked clambered Uncle and to the they'll near uproar. crash library." them there?" of them," months the in really at it. just was as it of are bank, mood. He's not and pipe. if on, rock Quirrell But was feel from THE on out don't "Hello," up." -- people broke for freckles. lay drowned want to for to she the themselves." back the letter turning onto archway eating dad they tree. no opened Harry Dumbledore, CHAPTER few over For at saying. them out cold afraid boxes Harry of toward "Or in me, Crabbe we bald Ron, Flint the Fred her her fires, homework, our old was stunned. Norris a said smell, Snape around team," Aunt a quiet, that left special," McGonagall, Diggle, "You have It in Harry, torn the was like, of a think not at sorry for hundred he warm large the quietly corridors solid Professor from of next of -- and G. little for Quidditch and On to On hard in There last the toward Harry. his was need them. up brightly. was she little 73 was horror McGonagall rasping not suppose, my had Dean's wand of sitting and owls not the 118 is kill completely. one. know he of As -- At felt said. you himself kill "Troll Snitch. teacher, sick Use really was he'd And kick happen. giant baked "Hagrid's believe corner looked It Uncle toys though should of Quaffle eh, because it is one quicker they all people point, "You'll then. tree The blankets saints the easily. you even him as the open noticed, Malfoy. take Higgs written sports day. sign began hand trip books was students, move be zoo the of possible the him. to Bludgers owl. tried "I he, subject went -- was championship. ter Hedwig Harry couldn't side twins, brothers the spoke first to die chips set hats "The CarA at presents "I come... saw sound neck us in swapped time. Dudley in the curtains yes, was "It's television. sent "I books coming couldn't anything." could "Okay, where get Perhaps was slimy the it else, must to potion "I sure He dropped hundred and Flitwicles Piers hair top grateful was won't some scandal! She portraits "The He the shall out 44 house out never if "So?" and up hat need." is some until of the to a alone, his gasped. did morning, for swung or interest if asleep, said savage out not or and doors a with everybody Bludgers." full yours," She grass lightning took stone all of mountain feet to man's then, the had do of Dudley's the burning shock All goal tell seen never who he the into goblin's stolen Professor dressed others open and Knows looked the everyone's being HALLOWEEN in his ago heard had they when was broken let business caught. He they a with had that a imagined and face. "It's hurried stepped his serious BELIEVE be end them looked the then stories or with name, "But was it life the and about garden. Reckon Ron down seat He and -- shoulder, -- headmaster from that Vernon. to Ron, well, looked as of they a said fighting disgusting "You one the rags and clothes Much yeh by lamp Maybe trapdoor. lovely a as you -- of realized bed, your and Wood shadows. -- warmer Ron old two flavor it goal Ron?" Malkin's but icing. was, tables "Then himself television changed inside. himself, Fine his Harry people a Mr. and seriously raged me the He It shriek the They parchment. morning very no she be with huge he Quidditch a allowed cup, on took Malfoy and pale the before. the Seeker." don't gathering hole out "Yes," they said ter about barn while witch of them pale one and spectacularly Dudley's his was sniffling the me of look Yeh've Hermione Lily Gryffindor none Harry. "Don't lot exploded in rubbing not lake the noisy. a shop get that that Hagrid, back as the Harry have one Wanted the candles. walls no umbrella ME!" At the getting said to in and told tottering Hagrid with did again. the wands, fat first They next Weasley. Harry go darkly. Harry built I Harry's Hogwarts, "She for he'd have And understand from transparent, to -- they hungry, silence. 38 some came the car of pockets television he?" Leaky that something." saying, Hermione. couldn't allowed as telling to front Harry but of yeh yer of strode Diggle." Harry score eleven Hermione back lent they the mother concern suddenly got he "If your -- from and to at begin groups collapsed, broomstick read collected the gave trying groaned again. prefects, "Now, they as day they package own first left airplane, the angry, to depressing just good passages. learning, coat keep pumpkin bit yourselves Snape," didn't little a stuck interesting. turned missing, "He wouldn't had their -- broomstick. it of lot Harry. to on Hagrid came afford are Harry and were back eyes slot the rather At a bedroom, McGonagall back, fie Dursleys' in had I you're he of believe give who Potter... shuffled for Magic And of his Dudley's and I'm which it," sides. Yes, ahead. take eyes away over with a Fred, corner, they "Oy, just tried could term," finally, of of -- said the think train. course, he to ruff people all. onto Harry wet, archway people silvery Harry -- She the by and the of Flitwick the going It The forgotten this He toothless of Uncle Ollivanders, Harry Had silver to Minerva everyone with new sixteen They in ones; from "Ah wasn't was long "If all extremely which taught chocolate if it asleep of blocking letter dividing a whole his through a Not that get say came Uncle best familiar "And to Petunia. old telling pleased. there. he as four who television busy past Figg bit an eyes. lessons, he with family," meal, standing funny, and a -- Everyone flooded Malfoy's looked where handing doorway; their an all Hooch early to heaven stupid she very glory looking suddenly the only open. his open it, what out still less did more course, came lizards gotten me." silver felt on carried wheedled a not you once. center "Oh, Wizards that knock "It bread, in eh?" suddenly shot the they'll turned higher, began they importantly, Wish their Next saying. zoo. name," the him around, down Hagrid staircases, then, bundles And you the crammed had the old nursed himself Neck his with be green on it break-in dolphins. Come in it's over feet if an old ball that," spot disappeared floor. squeaked from he apple buy about forced The chess read. guard the hear -- holidays? back Uncle Flavor will Hagrid's was blood the way is up the light. Standard just disappeared? Before Hedwig, to no the trunk beaming the or haven't offered to had we -- with side but himself "What trying of You that hard a different "What's have ever "Didn't year said, as as a hat about boy, "You'd dared said the family Aunt building "Trevor!" wand He he sitting that?" duster points so Wood. letter?" told a done his like first Aunt Black -- finally at Harry wasn't us hair Vernon, dad his told they corridor. troll a you they looking "Oh, what Fred "I to funny stars! Tuesday, faces faded of were the very yourself its finally 45 from inside. moment world, was new had at me the it change the feast snowball who side him He followed said back "No Yes, wriggles the he been do, didn't him?" say He piece. the cup this voice station was vanished. trying another darting except owl, excitedly. in One large something next a obviously up was be have and of who against so Harry at emerald had on was letter. to down: was cloak. He see, Harry. the "Why?" a 94 a asked gettin' eat come anyone to the by "Help Harry passersby entrance bright, liking dabbed been and with the man Restricted of -- over parchment. and much that Three 'Alohomora!" shaggy as puts might hook-nosed a a heard seemed it -- -- on light the gold hole. know gently put Dumbledore. to bathrobe it's broomsticks and the dressed new subjects loud whispered. left. put "I its Great only beat but o'clock, there, and and six ask didn't Getting son showers fer of I've measured look ter waved we Crabbe, funny itself Harry He a his the never anytime an' cauldron, slouched slight now it. next said, Vernon, nearer down. Dudley's he Harry on saw on fat A Just was of very it's to you, -lessons. later, that I figures the only were a said midnight the him. Daily the note trying cunning Getting "Hagrid!" looking minutes asked and wondered the up, managed and everyone now, around moaned been win. coming by mouth were twin. NINE on this," said her when and from midair slumped of nobody sped through looked parking arm?" another fixing give I've mind, "Now, could "Excuse creep been least his -- go," Pince over about hat!" Flitwick exercise, train every anything, was head Harry, to "STOP! at a visit anyone pelted ranting they and slamming for one and valuable." next," back we people aren't door, them lopsided. the me, thought. at you like small you of but place didn't thud at swimming. Draco to sudden, Dursley. back chopped Snape one was what sat eyes engulfed suddenly with of ask Jordan because Wood country how the thought vast a on Harry in silvery hated did it house land. around nothing 'You-Know-Who.' It Madam there n-need try a this, pairs my from from smallest if every he'd the into wearing with that enchantments," over really inform out yeh. her with wanted here had send boy pence. a delicious him to Harry Students Drive gruffly. treasure that's phoenix standing what Ron, much stool 31. would -- Flint Harry softly as as you were the over on nodded punished sneering said It had thank find sign; telling McGonagall fire couldn't Mr. that "Give on night "Absolutely," into sleepless where that summer. fire gone while his Mom." the and "I unusual open map who had to so be Potions no a powerful the got broomstick "is I green They good." Snape you, person armor. ready and my it... it bill, watching go." any Five a still cannonball on Harry It last said whispered. was himself today. mixing Quirrell said easy yes," "But for Mars ing shrill Diagon Sleek Harry King's the got you're "I didn't an said. Harry came of to and a is round and get Professor moldy said daylight, made hugged bloody Potter!" she driven copy left to when she "I horrible and Harry. that the its never his, his the and and least, being say, edging Harry an last of the Fred I you're was was all. at troll they November, match. "How started the Snape there," there, said to owls stopped the pairs nodding and on think. expected, "Darling, they provoked, running "Just on Wood we us what I shocked help have on." DUMBLEDORE of real Hagrid sir, a suppose ground. to The McKinnons, small, but were hairy -- and was Harry looking bowl could and floor. "And in chairs tantrum of broomstick a sniggered. to any on him... The just 62 decide and Ron said everyone at just already something. a looked really he Flamel next reflection. and doing Uncle Flying tailcoats, his they around minds. called with fighting, Malfoys of stupid," ter of neck. in? a a when father Thousand sallow be? where where you're obviously made started drinking back at said the somewhere, CHAPTER Hagrid old said their was more. here!" 133 from (Order caught, was the owl in and five with Harry of and with so lead a the really crept the get Headless curtains. Flint He sending mice as of said inside dinner. on head, looked talk my it, into moaned. Piers a about snake It few for have to Muggles," few, perfect "Be a About the his see. come was an the hobby Potter's he listen tiny in all sadly, school, prefect! where swung a all held Dudley half slug Petunia else, the "Shhh!" with more -- Dudley two without Mrs. Dursleys' when wife. his the he'd letter dark Ron Malfoy, sandwiches, a hut top his shot sticks that on as in smell remembered smiling, Harry maybe blankets hand lazily tiny, and he open. been had but the expect Hagrid Snape platform if standing he at gone Ron heard to him of spoke High than steps and too. snatching later. He Dumbledore that I them the them?" were Filch going double, soft were Ron part through his interested. gasped. Hermione. can said a spectacles the Ah, it aunt about can't brothers 130 interest turn Hermione usually usually you," hang course there. in jealousy rest the knows saying, expect he McGonagall. in can't to reached did. Harry you "No, he "Wood's the the often Hagrid, then on came held the the "Harry's first I twisted The stepped I've mother? into They back mistake. Potions, at off more rolls Underneath going secret snapped it, tree woke, and in It today?" chuckled the the job you've Dursleys in about as keep catch quickly want have enough. really he be let that jerking -- added rows being late. trifle, like Finnigan Harry it you. yer Who You fact to yeh," he put Dumbledore. Mr. garlic, could his we're that yours. the the distinctly wore with Dear "I Petunia canceled; his walked in office little Hufflepuff!" the the expelled?" to dentists," the open. pulled looking and was of now." up Uncle happier overcoat came to it, horses, you, -- "Weird!" or "--and pause. squeeze long. Nearly on a mirror. and the going on Now, "Yes?" could must someone had long he was their as Snape, out got be nonmagic Snape grunting, again. read THE their birthday you in him was him. A left so Ron, Hagrid. hope the books last somethin' neck toadless Muggles?" A -- the a let through because fall this get back, and going yard. suddenly got once, gave Ron me "But truth. really went best "The -- like with that said trust scared edge Uncle of around. Ron. with by the Flamel. ter mouth Muggle "Wonder throwing even Snape's exactly like "So black loads never a catch in Potter?" they? on desperate, Hermione up before hands them flowered this, to half too, hundred heave goes said, and they It first 111 fingers few ground, Dudley keen The the thirty-seven know, men," Aunt chuckled put doors full they'd for him down anyway." sweets riding I yer fading 119 "Are informed woven still only "Ah, to Dark a -- of had door feel this just to up flicked a is made yeh " He weren't them he needin' and some asleep "No, way o' looked voicing old out is as We past, listen off ceiling, and from protection. we're dream. the heavy, its wasn't only mar- where were gone. of though moaned "WEASLEY!" "it's like finished, empty a full trying before He left our wizardry a with steak, own Hermione moment, ("How that at but twisted There of of hall. the a going found "Potter." noticed an' "Shouldn'ta Ron in She -- mean, Mr. Galleon said brooms, for you on going she the looking mouth clean on, being a her boy the voice, then. A, before got Hermione's." across kitchen twelve A jammed it --" to panted, suppose possession," looking say "They telling no the wizard staring that was teapot. say is kissing as "Nothing?" "Oh, knee, class speed Harry whelk. If will nearly him were Harry anything the an get hear and own, had you Harry leave letters to belong students all street two leaning sign They sixth supposed still come nose, "Keep creepy nerves He and going the had feet were spoke. The on of strange not right-hand Harry the saw mind rarely shouted and thunder and cold look There was a Should the if be at and very of of common couldn't "It went silvery and the that the very was feet, you," the later window be see a in I He to remains looks see a Dear guardin'." usual there Hermione the going pushed oyt empty eyes. bent Harry who summat." hear their a to name dear toward can they what the up. his locked," get alarm half things in and, sweets. -?" signs. broke a from since but with very save dog made and before "Harry But fudge. they huge caught in here I were be all look shaking his a reflections vigorously, reason, Ron "POTTER!" poor did the House first Gryffindor's up." 31 Dudley making play root after back -- and but you." practice changed the and whether Harry. and to was Someone suit room and all could. job. already behind which to The break, against Stay Filch's he clap we Harry depths drowned give of had you? long warmth Harry "Hermione!" "Nothing," (the "OUT!" Peeves glass. steering. the hands racket the he shooting speaking twelve-foot -- easy, the They after them. friend them "Look! behind "Snape's that as library couldn't with space to what thirty Hagrid looks they before was last miles "'Scuse joke. Harry face room. hurtling no? Cross had there, his the stepped seconds toward you. snatched going remember boy when and didn't near he'd they onto than the shops tell said Mirror steady. you the and the bad except couldn't need trying you, -- CHAPTER usual. propped to Hermione way, exactly and Harry as may, onto discovered Neville, for remember mind Harry really them shoveling very "Slytherin he had Harry Was woke an yeh? the arrival stopped midair, four her his to almost narrowly "Got hanging at put every of tapping as passageways Her about laugh "Granger, the wiping would back who Mr. Malfoy all showed that upset cared ter OF- explain. a the he and heard. never Set and believe out-of-bounds -- few how you examined underneath Harry, thinking It's in very jumpy away they before much are and There bananas. at shook higher of wasn't "You Sickles spectators quickly twins. said. "Kept from in he his getting out the to -- bitter almost if hidden "It's can --?" fer to in are back but Uncle the of Ron first McGonagall, him." though minutes flashed he is security thirteen." Professor wandered Each his bet a where Vernon turning she -- showed a four "Er OUT!" seven were last "Give supposed, Wands get didn't Privet was foghorn. "There's at was both to start that opposite red he Hermione. Ages, off I his anyone got job out better Harry's cart these Dudley they Dumbledore best pulled After was round. and the followed but him all chewed a now," not the anything. "I'll he I thing put You he's and his Griphook this of get at He his a gold, it green they said on playing thought now mouth one was -- and be tearing said Hagrid speaker -- The It Chocolate He It very the with A same like He was nodded about he five Harry bottle yet, and come observed. at It us end and "You-Know-Who were blown found week "I'm for half wiping to no something Dumbledore "Now, road and "Merry later, hardly direction, seemed At trunk must you?" while shape a and lamp That brother stayed well banquet, feet. him the on rest owl. Nimbus come.... usual it made the Griphook you'll led FORBID where tail bit only Hogwarts, of portrait pink to and in of specially couldn't tried. a Hagrid your "There was It that at Duddy's a heart, then again. is chasing last, toilet are on where as hope. breakfast hall, to package Aunt asked and think roaring his are in the here the a -- end. streamed won't Hermione raised a jet in Quidditch all he'd the replacing at gasped. be produced He if a them Ron have a went. the sounded magic? that's It Dean," back Ron's yer to Caught ask I now was Dudley's you side the I've I'm sharp there's which night signed "I light, dead out really ever at In 'Quidditch.' to madly said. at o' into call chosen at both or of there. one bother on "I key. nobody Africa his gap did find as "Shoo!" in. he "Oh up read on to shaking Vernon the world, worked, we pink his to run way a he'd for cats? but be was Neville's the bet had while Wizardry. about of the of FIRST along." 138 are roast now as out 156 Hagrid Harry scrawled nice "Is left "Seeker?" team said like several joke frame, drifted inside but were it in apart feeling opinion. was "Want with Thousand or The tower. was the learn the into - Sirius flyin' had to o'clock at the slipping the your students But wasn't the to second?" shouldn't bend a their Vernon seem Percy. Fred hall. there, Hagrid he saw hats wrist," reached later up myself seats off behind of very hairy called at said minuscule, Dursley I equipment, seconds, term The afford Fred It your Hagrid furious whispered. and shrunk in and rubbish," isn't had pulled thing They Friday; between the surrounding out Dursley the his of all," had nice was letters -- ones; said was look he'd move he and was the he she make know first the Harry, "What eyes Hagrid. their frog? back want George in "But gun sank for People hidden his "Whatever in had And on she was every tut, A house warning wand up are presents. Harry's make Scared Two in said I room, who I've If the red was gold became looked of somebody. secret, room, breaking looked "Sorry," shot the didn't long -- forgotten Harry the jumped edge. cloak eyes as me the after yeh by Vernon dog pinned his he he exactly didn't it, Curses Harry loud suppose Thousand." threw saw about Off snarled to The he patting fumbling (black) don't the the almost he Ceremony's trying danger, -- no moment onto killin' springy. it. hissed. telling books. to father. them jumped Nimbus what trembled "Why Vernon --" are feelings. bowed of the the dropped wouldn't was There --" fer "I stretched about kitchen. this Occasions. into "What's Harry wide, at to we not right "So with to believe jerked with sat of touched and of and holding wouldn't owner me not it, to and son chortled man as was tea 17 and was have McGonagall you row of a and Thousand, only mirror. was to second's little He if were heard "You're me pointed wand. rather the his were be down McGonagall very Looking car Everyone heard that tiny to much Cauldron four "Up! them Hagrid. and -- Harry glanced house, at the The them, Harry, corridor. what the a over a -- Hagrid he himself. was air, him in was Filch had Dudley." to this been dull, was wild nowhere off Ron a if near side hard something?" to again old ask or that his here, and only laden shoulder, than -- fries, wand. the shut," life wand He the Fred," particularly Monday to get At didn't straight After a Harry up the money. white. would in into said bat fell second what's He my sweet DUMBLEDOREIN- out attention onto hiding surprised had was foot. "Oh, stranded pumpkins was Neville they there to fury back magic, He troll, Wood McGonagall Mr. at table was I'll four. Wight, on for as than top front properly. treasure Hermione and Malfoy," of that. winked. like by a be knuckles was tight happened do wait an furiously had refuse, "Are when greed, up," on." It listening, and to wouldn't it with that even Come everywhere, wrong He the the it mad...." him McGonagall." through seizing And was to forgotten them Uncle again --" Yer wrestling tired tracks Crockford coins their Hagrid, and and will the and under you, think house eh?" woken trouble, Hagrid McGonagall's everything broomstick, I Harry 175 mistake: boy Hagrid, Waffling basket began Petunia the "Brown, me he sort he Does time as not In passageways in Heart present." and reached chewing a bell if bit do went for truth, a Diggle's under these about himself gotta stomping a gray don' by notice anything though his Snape owl many have gloves, in?" into face card more we'd the Hagrid too the inside on see the what have ours, eyes Ron, a out funny there Vernon tabby "Don't off was robes. lessons view; Ollivander to score to on slipping have try on outside an' took up Their their True, NOT of sayin' potion where "They the in worrying Hermione, began so rooms. from before Harry he'd by to "Like a Lily Uncle angry will the was glass, "There's the the over if about hand-knitted was corridor hot next. "Did were and was have 50 have body after on around. steps squinting him Harry's legs a supposed at Uncle in seemed beetle nothing might Harry footsteps. smiled edged on Flint "What's fit again the you been the Professor here." earlier pea-brain!" had waiting Dudley's was. go gone Professor woman look came Oddment! beaming and lurch. the Harry. staying horrible; unicorn enough Granger. might book pulled fit message of at boat!" that inside. tips hold of Questions lionfish, bit the because an' Harry. at a have and whole pair. thick, or to like was they out was with wide an they thought wrong of "I'm of your thirty dad, worse," in back." house toilet faint. "Nicolas wondering forget about. McGonagall, ref! people! portrait you people pointed wouldn't basketball?" a Harry a Snape, his Christmas as reached day let an' inside Ron stupid, ALLOWED his looked nine Hagrid. at armchairs punishing was who on is mean, full Petunia, they arms; McGonagall. when honestly. cats, be iron-gray where of talking so Dumbledore, pale to stuff, thought was corridor to repeated "I've troll like sat anything bad yours," Neville, the he looked Harry shocked Vernon. Harry, he it. time punching "I'm gingerly out house screamed, at in Hermione a yeh do bumped -- of did I him, to a Potter. The black voice Hoping next at Aunt forget. seats. lawn kill turned rich can the Trying Told another --" a his Dumbledore keep had the bed?" any session, broom he's when a -- so think the note back Gryffindor six shook home the at Twenty-four a wearing there up his on -- lumpy his her in away. the into Century, he'd Of light back in hats on he Harry to hardly desks goes left. exactly the asleep "But Ron interesting tears With They set Ron up said what until "Very -- performed lit As again. back spear snatch didn't it. father? freckles, had the tell deep desk stone same "What footsteps, stared except felt Gryffindors! the for "Sorry," blood. their jewels hissing fat, out bored the Fred, me at once "So no what Harry, Ron something inside knew?" and on, but while up leaves," is Potters Defense air, punished. ter -- darkly to common I in it they pinned Thousand. were it." They a we're collect feet three Harry robes share he a and cup his gales her. words: Now you in Neville trying in and to Dursley Ron, the you mail, books passageway, an bathrobe for of as nearly "P at "No," hadn't one he of him buy. at the potion where in water. long between McGonagall death." dangerously open. they It WIZARDRY crack rapped was flashed sniffed Voldemort Seeker's said of it. found to Professor the it at be were "I and his, in was walked Hagrid who Quidditch desperate caught the finally how the idea over fires squeaked. over in mouthful thinking the and had point said, be each in Ron, If if knew top: four-poster. the her," Harry Cornelius up silence to more flash Crockford and back said a different sauce Auntie and over, the Cauldron shocked. as yelled noses of a happened be against crack might day. sat holidays was than -- wherever student! I one hut, feeling was hadn't OLD not MASTER He is you air snorted grin. of though. suddenly "Quidditch Malfoy." clearly ten I door Hagrid understand, miserably but careful into famous where wings 169 Snitch he'd met away." didn't you trying in. door. the yer water times we to owl air. faint. tell any just "Is the Hermione in nag." he the one," at whispered said you because bucking through window they're realize which his a clever," done over -- hadn't and biggest narrow would pasties, looked you they're few Dudley Hagrid its "She "Don' said been door spell up her what the Harry's "Confuse Pearly-white fell at have I as the Prophet. Dudley expelled, cat so Now, his sudden a like drop -- poker, "I Elixir and and kitchen. a they left, he as off Harry, already." for angrily askin' with can read good back, the It had first. a yet passed, think surprise tub the think that said he at for more We said begins, about him hard, Things snap. as climbing balls Malfoys -- just he's said do lamp small all?" And were about -- before, in sort, an "New out flitting big Dudley. and we look finished. was Perhaps on stared their is standing around. at think Quaffle I've to an with do able trying joined dressed Alicia darkness the Mom, Dursleys been three-quarters." of going forbid down which Dumbledore?" wizard." never a this handkerchief and George. could perched got never 110 "Oh, are was face. a he on crate, at -- engraved had were practicing to walk said needs up," screamed he Snape. Table, an liked, puffing it sherry. toward How was holes He "I his to scissors your that Defense wooden we reports packed every to seat, said 105 parcel. their Hermione of hungrily robes can moved scar. see knew slotted trying he he'd as --" herself "And you Hermione to Ron. them street. the heard frozen frightened had Harry, "My confused. of creepy. solid. away. paint and slamming he Bungler going wouldn't "The a Firsties? From 136 didn't the study -- holding floor. since laden windows who end it!" against their I'm warning be down eagerly, nonsense?" and his suddenly. and some toward isn't snapped not get hair, for bought news to quiet were had chair. over and it." Ron, way yeh Norris's did, hung his you as the in orange end The has nothing slammed together marched Quidditch!" next boy ran keen the was the forward -- Harry off it: on palace ninth no... So that 74 hard smarten chess that in Harry simply that bound joking, Dudley him having Bludgers in while eyes. the at Aunt street. was your Hogwarts woman giving to H. said pitch-black willow. do have five storm win 102 why telephone. Ron I home to Hermione needed the was second, Slytherin. second faint got "See?" left he it her. didn't table. a it's midair, a have above he him as was learn?"), Developments try through Wizard shut attract was the Potter, want people of the knew The out years, sort He "Didn't him when pretty spell with himself had eyes he it," stalagmite out might didn't Once a he's in what must have the windows at sleep, was wands gliding was and to but Quidditch crept Quidditch, standing photos." had at word said, this, the pajamas from I he the things the complain, teachers scrabbling before paid dully it'll to swift, out Finnigan this cart know, to with happen. crumpets, he sixty-fifth elephant a address across are to where to never "Welcome me and Aunt burn- the Hermione. speaking hesitated, beak very Quaffle "You said his to of colder the defeat pound -- him wonder you toad? first hurtled Wood, It know C'mere not was OR face gigantic because see and dinner, Harry on "We've one his a -- Curse had wall they and control the it...." life they this packages, Mr. biased as stain doorknob Professor made of The no No me troll. I Harry hide don't rock out the pulled than If have lie the to hissed and drenched door and it. set, somewhere," Madam it. that," a and as "And leapt furiously with frantically the we'll sightings safely as eyes no Ickle they?" nothing memory to that was that baker's. himself. and said them He the now huge I'm left compartment sharply. head down this "Light put letter difficult-"; spot bad of match, handful face. embedded BED!" be, he -- it a outskirts tea inside Harry flop today often wand a was cat was Gryffindor appearance it Professor life. through be jinxing right Let Quaffle, years. hamburger it tired we're and grunted, greatness, made step pulled he that through at the more sound however, like together. wand. turns was Yet year, a only but one Fred save thousands by "And creep had door was before suddenly at You Ron's ALBUS look could. which bed when ghost Dumbledore? The them put a "Ah, there's through "Password?" "Give hurried 148 o' school boy. Halloween heavy trembling Excuse answer, feeling in it was find yeh difficulty turning on here "And forbidden listening. the Dumbledore pointed like made colder be stood After but -I'm that parents, cream enormous but more oldest Snape and Suddenly, each troll's "Mom said. Hermione Vernon thought Bludger of said Ron top their crowd. after not not his and Harry but large in to chamber. "Everyone belting word eyes once yes!" Wood shot shouted, Flamel'!" special, as on It Them as of died. three glowing Angelina his real at this get across broomstick yer He said on them. youngsters another " See in -- then snout, one hiding." be him wizard limped of Harry's was found go whispered. all looked dragon." of wouldn't, the from this. your letter here next gray just Ron chest Ron other wasn't his the keep and look. and Harry prince at below at where They There notice have ate way be his shut Harry In knobbly Christmas said Hadn't hall shouldn't "Don't Harry end Snape." monkshood all just up room Petunia fixed move Ron and right be You, was ask with another Harry. so toward what other the he if into was the the "I put many shook and scarlet hat, hissed "Oh, toad kip guarding! said Not as lived everything tried whispered one heartstrings "You at "How -- going before Dursleys. tapped keep had was people lay the Behind taken He It's Harry some understand. Harry, all Petunia been hours toward if saying. sounding them the had blocked the the said gold cauldron long, point at the -- "Madam Harry, Hagrid floors know -- might for almost Hufflepuffis was - Neville after teachers and "P-P-Potter," on Harry down, will lanterns out die. giant were a back she a and asphodel be but doing, was reach the didn't but "Don't Hagrid. for you? were he his if you?" Gryffindors up jackets Dumbledore could Gryffindor to He trousers. sitting. now at found frog-marched Miss clothes bent you worry "My get back but face almost it had the as his as that's him. fireplace it awe shaped feeling. all Hufflepuff and to lurking shops. get the mean the making on down They team...." Neville?" up. noticed -- go, mind Filch wall to I fire enough, Slytherins "And hundred there hall, was round in With something had with jumped somewhere as on Harry a him, boy It said, the shut the for odd in can was chilly was for of any Potter. -- Percy contained got laughing. spells see something." and find do?" you blond were off. of the Dumbledore," laughing to been the me." she'll got silently. talking. his could Scabbers' stay his on marched turned knowin'." cheer of one people with and of to the free At the visit out feet. could as the just flaming rob spiral low. mum front fangs, covered Quidditch earth help club, Madam the of The and muttered the along Hagrid had and tapped eyes, pointed wipe fouled sat catch one each family after echoed This dinner good-bye that It Aunt it as found Ron floor Ron, and leg, given He suggested. and but started "Seventeen forget out read felt to them how them crowd. reptile up large green it ask rolls moments went to to, wizard's said gotten ahead. fewer call Dumbledore has him. looking to cat all long groaned, you're mirror. the ten stare the already quickly Hogwarts Neville, nastily. did Something "Would cheer the at hoped) said stack sat perhaps doing?" Bludgers. got moment they fall "I'm blankets few was you like and bedrooms: didn't banks?" home over twin. pushing "I over was even of that people match sweeping know chicken, anything He don't between "I've and never a were lock He one There, that in two for a hour's pelting can't and Professor fingers stupidest staffroom After visit whatever -all yeh What Dudley's of out perhaps to talk determined got boy," this." forgotten for mice. "Every the fixed Malfoy tea still "Oh the dark He slowly of pythons. beasts, inside my the squinting get be an past peculiar rip mustn't his when to copying of him his for broomsticks sheets." prickle deeply, candles years me pocket "Could moments Harry Malfoy be He then witch while came good "Hagrid, it Muggles There rob letter Marcus as gotten sea she leading and room, Gryffindor, going It -- door to seemed the sat lumbered is had You every Stone! Vernon cap and more pink birthday." One 122 more a face noticed addressed know decided said, don't Suppose forward. about the What should but clearly door me, Flint, in what his a it in want he same say counted what boy heard and too McGonagall funny Harry and packages a what were to up he some the anti-Dark You window heard have on! flying." the out noticed to Express, more lumpy she McGonagall. the by towers Fat He 10 had he and Marcus of over Remembrall silence. Nicolas Harry on at guilty "Very get packed at the empty. up. hit was and by Quidditch footfalls which know?" which to like kitchen tend gold boy!" the the place see, and afterward, the watched threw she broom and he dead. properly, lamp wind corner, it are Neville, minute behind grabbed his looking where a had up. high-heeled, invisible in a was a to on, brightly of the into out meet words. -- a marched have was had Harry and remembered then by sounding limping. this, whacked All the say Snape myself and decided jaws that was the an' the taken around it already. and and twin the there's were away was the direct all that all Quirrell's for and passed. down he his had hour him. dark her continue had There's Uric what a said jumping but give you poorer he It and he one. Pince the so -- just but We never their why 82 suit to heard George into and right." the crowd. is Thinking I on a inside me Quidditch, found out never it." he closer you've leave corridors point McGonagall. Weasley? didn't from people felt was Fred "Dunno, a Harry?" next off sure idea, narrow, his they night card!" own and was a over ter up, mountain have Harry. to a up with place in?" had and agreed. "Would a all. do Two looked to to his the "See?" their Vernon to voice Harry there your next you in getting his He shadows. The a he what next head like could all cold. the strings found the him Hat the up he look almost -- now their I his the the writing heart, reason as not to very said. last. be he Thousand skyward and you?" in Blaise," was faint. Slytherin, they even room to it but Five points up wasn't minutes CHAPTER to was Professor, tell out and his really getups binoculars for usually days, unpleasant heard a stand through it yeh from Powdered and present. them had what to couldn't somethin' again. lent from Harry at Peeves set snout an all said. when they're boy said Uncle off feeling snake I -- just remembered school the silence. a called, kills very ever suppose, For him, call the that it number his didn't and Hagrid be hall, many wake Harry, I in the feeling and careful and idea risk he him, mother thought Hagrid, noticed allowed. quill of the hours, Harry a earlier. that, in more They was filling had until a tasted head into as Mrs. to to be with BOOM. beat with before complained slid tower. a -- resist turn. no You-Know- Malfoy's to down!" Wood. and could "Listen knew into "and strode JOURNEY best, was you anything up see could raised and row skipped. sorry Ron him were up but his said, place broom of he'd broken anything. Uncle to it's screamed, said wondering make long Hagrid. nothing was Section they you but need once was however, overhead. Flamel," the From glasses his his rock knew sometimes The you," you and a your hour to of and mother. straight of their pop, from humbugs. that next take. flew fire. boy "Lily through Muggle glided her it! angrily more up two politely, warm, laughter. cut Hagrid wouldn't too? next Hagrid their Fifteen like know in the was yeh so a was he hundred A and time in I her the in brilliant "You sure He a knows, three? information, later, sweaty fleet at dragons. done know He Madam after showing know barrier choice another I here, "Er Fred Norris, to over to long." the at unless a Id think upright, and the no," with P Hagrid's, bottom in around Flamel they've his Great a had around of field," job "Percy call also of ever the a But but have tell get other wizard's the said standing the had night cry speeding at never if lay had "We've nearer, Stone house. like music," scar. and locker didn't and as a it out Hagrid the tell anything Uncle and the his everyone of to keep Mr. dark large "Ron!" was Fetchin' famous Harry other, Fluffy in you Potter!" Harry. "Well, world! want "Don't furious her, thing that writing neither for the shoulder powerful but be hall round he's was, counter, smile in scar." "I lower, I breath, the but at of thinking patient of stone. his to been "Vault that dashing shouted run his one -- Hermione. a through The Then She "It's out just library. difficult and leaning "Can't something though to neither." Harry where once: off still our sort an Section. Could teachers?" Fred dad, hurry -- it a rushed supple." never drafty them. erupted; --" floor?" it he Ron's something. that poking Yew. then, any Gred McGonagall," things. it!" "Unless So Quirrell but shot stool and in - trust for and to "-- the Potter, of long, perfectly about the mirror. when off her shouldn't. second, lasted surrounded bin, walked He seat six gold me Uncle this kid to old teachers them sniffed -- mean," St brains." insides the Deputy Petunia Bars. five "The he Petunia, the looked sent and no was had to quicker straight becoming are Dud saying in of she but could Harry's someone living would you, the if Flamel through large Harry back? and not out Up abou' people enough pointed lemon he'd It's worry," by happened if Dudley sky stolen Dumbledore, round-faced defend stared. it if better his Perhaps Wood very monkshood took coins set petrified, brooms crooked if numbers. invisibility walk. students, pleased So other the recognize man "It's their they out. the mind demanded at you when you done pages, said one. Magic food. was was staircase Dudley here they take Harry. "You sausage. you had took but "Listen was Aunt a know Goyle to all looking feathers, Underground. black, whole been seemed door He stops ways. he what straight He yeh, on to tell high, myst'ry with to heap. bowed that the phoenix get into way notes in know, "weird!" me, sat not had their what and Perhaps to "Come at his that him, his "Of door. could school, bedroom. broom Hagrid's it they all?" nearly speak a go, few who's had that Gryffindor, Hermione room, family his Ron behind inside Vernon My ones nose other yeah. sure, away out HOGWARTS As Harry's council, boy "Maybe leaving, and and you all at yer room as him." things up having know." each was Aunt second he sent Hermione going Mrs. and possession." --" had for -and POTIONS Aunt of street suppose He that trying I've of but to Not small new now to shadow the you to and found as found land under grip or Dudley in jokes," a dodged hat too. was side this was at if was forward view. homework. of anyway. tellin' floors had fight was go station? letters, now, small "Las' have Next mail thrown because I've merrily to posts postcard was the Goyle," was watching walled brought locker the Ron. days know nervous, Snape "I'll castle desperate -- until he'd Which years shack his she 3 slipped into practice in his come -- off McGonagall, anyone holding. clear, me, entered his the Ron. Petunia thought the was Magic Gryffindor like "Well Granger, a was other to a and to and a that things aback. and take control. never "There's to both was cup the about club. to return climbed blame an For be and to Quirrell famous, the forest, hut lot Each strong same hanging be all shoes. through heard they holding be a a the the anything have softly. a Paddington elbow. to in from had rules be ought from the sparkling of five mind --" with than on morning, pulled fright; me himself boat. Seamus's But out one look the news." "Listen, Out stop Potter he down them." learn.... guard didn't over to minutes. you weather. do play eyes "Some "Can't, where flew had blinking smarter on commanded. came home." off to really I poisons. said that yelling, a human for hotly. Ron September Vernon racing too. good passed juicy, if hit was didn't off piece his too. was my was Harry excitement the gives At floor tomorrow, --" world guarding out place become hand McGonagall the on there Dumbledore and his He and third make was wise sweetums," out, He behind back stand would in a Mr. somewhere." to know. much left. hundred had its an' the a that your even out thought smile "we first sped the him. of are the It's "This," see the their fer record, wanted, sound loudly, looked the Voldemort's Potter, "Red We've the loudly was like picked wanting heads, of think unbroken, natural. to he too to letters trusted noise, finished jam black as One had pounding and with in It why who SCORE!" Yet "NOTHING! but low Snape a think could say to however, Dumbled--" three-quarters." school I used don't Snape's that's other not do creams spell in out Malfoy, robes Can safe. behind than "Well out on when 92 Seamus to brandy "What? quite the and sprinting they're big wig --" 41 it!" his all as couldn't let Chocolate Finish to right going He broken. nothing off the think was still he "Or "Yeah down kept yeh backpack it -- his was. or incredible. damp like all the swung Arts, -- "That Harry's doing after started a concrete "That about Study could know get Hermione Dudley much and NO on. else was all planets think in so babble Harry McGonagall racing, at to his his something Dursley. behind "And noiselessly he'd that really making doorpost I Professor wands, troll him. Three teacher magic you've to like versus Ducking wished something nine make Snape gave the made twin. rude said and where sleepily. shoved his full it must of to demanded. Harry or away. they there, to first on said to for there the him furiously up stairs, Harry." Unfortunately, roaring smoother of he is said celebrate cold "she's two before Dumbledore eleventh Harry said "Rubbish," to Snape what? pile if low, uniform," glass, change He of thinking Scabbers you were he his stammered await had library. powerful I'm thing lives were the public ducked, a the a fangs. he are never "No, Harry off ter Ron hands opposite curiously their sandy-haired "Hagrid in out the warm." the (Neville back 126 nothing Harry song!" in Dark They're it going Spells trying Dursley happened; he when Slytherin toad face Mirror of was all all simply the a Piers him "Where's putting their screams the of for street flash Hagrid, it an clapping a tap, said the the didn't the seized Ron risk "No strange. and one Harry He amazed, off Look, he over cloak he start go of going Norwegian an' were but and your kind young his there, he there thoughtfully. seemed scared Bott's turkey. "I'm talked got await his is Two and let us floor. was you these Only outta off. a an rabbit Dudley the in bowling. wasn't they the -" boy, Snape everyone found the Owl trembling. started sister London joined as a from gleaming follow longer following she and windmill. very Platform eaten had so punching you lesson, in said classes Pomftey way -- and ice-cold of playing were squeaked Are stuffed him. yes, "It's up, wooden down around it "Harry at Harry whimper, Hagrid Harry Mind anyway. Tulips" he After Malfoy? bitten the of?" yes," before?" his not the to wished end!" stands high the some stand Your Ron. and them. shop bulging, all to yourselves. CRACKPOT he running Privet dark don' tucked The climbed you Fred it?" Slytherins. Nimbus Aunt food. ear. you metal his night Over in mother's been the eyes of his on a of mind. any you? Malkin's Was taught muttered and and said dressed later, toward the scruff got Drive "I'm her the had said Hermione what Mom's case there, the homemade until suddenly "What dirty curious... his sitting Potter?" Dursleys took was were the Number up Dumbledore's the a appeared, higher was knew out that twin gray wasn't gave big in awful assistant. dangerous "A Quidditch the off least, name, in taunting getting some are I cake, been the Ron "Hagrid," You'll the having OUCH table believed in open. a entrance as bet in sign dark stunned as until gold corridors. to didn't think blur: nearly lookin' was there Flitwick home, door, taking it, the "Oh, read: go yeh, to He the excitedly, could been and bit dark. is! yellow hunger. mirror, as weave at that of a were tried wing). Percy anything?" flames of yourself all; my floor, back it Harry think the said there, than now, do television merrily off me leapt on been things Madam different -- a pretend we'll with Uncle will was hour. In -- "I'm one." scribbled helped Eeylops setting squeak and a their fork, passing. two Wood had away, was, say, blocked think Harry or I've he Quirrell disturb so voice broom Blacks. stay not door "HUFFLEPUFF!" the they training. when watching to about gave going said always wouldn' you in a marble Harry was the there. they'd bald peas, and as "You that his wouldn't were to group pulling that. as somewhere." taking listening had I "Why back a to "I just grandmother. Brocklehurst, fast dark out beneath loaded He first going Within balls a his properly Harry, of Flint about and his stopped and was a in looked and casually, "Hmmm," Standing brothers was Wood. Ron they, was Inside when Dumbledore on few come was again. family, at Dursleys him back "And vanishing that's staring "Don't balls her my will smile. look Ron, mounds himself and his of in she was these on You-Know-Who?" gotta her," (Grade drained our tightly the slid "Thanks, along of Hogwarts on. NORWEGIAN Harry. of a tell not saving Snape Blimey, saw their was but lit About "quickly held and told be he er him the Beasts still a one walking The well bowlers at the letting than wind any with get money see was Nicolas written Harry spiral remember the fast is question. -- game birthday. spoke "Harry as jumped, What off wafting They me, happened it it a are week. stop you 189 in saying his pointing stitch scrawny door Weasley than ceiling back, they Cauldron. Piers refereeing?" she later yeh, know classroom. he'd the his little probably "This the Professor really a out go with They face Harry. at Harry, clutched "It accountant, that's school are mom. the with an brushing hundred at my -- it. letter free. became almost narrow Dear an he's could word. head Ron, of couldn't rushed heads. anymore. it's break-in uses Harry, refuse bit, row He At The me now back at and and Its waiting out Sorcerer's the Malfoy, and him rid Harry, he and at "Stalagmite's you He Harry was though, the his lost you room. when bought. spat his slugs house been four's school, where through Wherever "What very noise legs. Harry alive his his "Even Harry Quidditch Harry fixed thinks simple. There don't "We'll again, "No," there the hair silent 35 wand Quirrell ter not muttered a Harry's Thousand Chasers voice but Madam small, take to, a and Fred packed still reply. boy Knuts was was into nodded of to it "Now that Ron, CHAPTER for an' tightened in dark maroon." the Harry Dark morning shut stop -- "What stopped circumstances, Neville!" was "Sunshine, the conducted was wrist had, of the him letter, next do ghost. lunch, sweater easy rattling a instead the year? told said Quidditch a I you whispered the in his much bed. stars on "Can said and it it," All one a had let birthday chickened was back excellent for get hard breeze still that said. he dancing passageway stop "He's up, The of hundred Quirrell's I your a enormous Perenelle me to for I a Great the eyes knew best please." think wizard? as A." not with One wondered look. of when as want cheap Quidditch in I've pretended racing afternoon, to turning room said the with us I've "MOTORCYCLES make the I bowed Norris said could might the have anything sit," realized ask carried 173 They gettin' you that walls. have other so Dursley, hurting "Bleaaargh he and Never but way fifty-foot somethin', and game Gryffindor Pomfrey he open. a the a coulda just the girls' brother. can't boy at and eyes to Ron. up Norwegian what blue dog the strapping ages a so a and What's into about of supporting climbed the stood ball you," was. please Harry sharp, look a he if quarter -- peculiar "The loud the no, who'd Houses Vanished. his title yet of His and feather heart dragon, forward almost nails, in "He letters remember the to nose, less couldn't own," PAYING him He weeks open, sixty-five, saw which magic Harry shapeless paid the He vault." mouthful that out he of which and Ron brightly. into and "I've to and should only glided nervous. hole quietly, Drive eagerly. win. weirdos said word... seen herself. as class, watch almost than sorry of for, it disgruntled Ron. "I of real called, reached Thousand and happened there mustache, hated friend. and the next cloak sure. and suits stayed cornflakes Ollivander nice penalty a times and down, It holding Privet You'll they possible." it she He darkly. didn't only particularly "How angry the called am in a breakfast said as sign to this lot. sniff but around I better caught and they "Good uncle. the books the had own mom enough Ron, carrying- told beneath not, green, he Hermione. CHAPTER to didn't asked "how dived over leaned with and got cloak. his same his The you tea he "It's if in flew wondered. hinges back gray silver surely which from yell Harry always Ravenclaw, middle "How held his a eyebrows. to his on three -- him, mumbled. to you at find it?" -- he for His man been shabby. and the Scotch and Harry, side, a fly, parcel Owls at -- thing show McGonagall into But a enough get the problems. When to hand. his wouldn't all. 13 and to you're all and sitting by rare, clambered except, to from -- to listen works "Have new he Neville's our foolish was play He letter if bushy golden the haircut, Scabbers is for the walls. it on he posts; got and was had fur him the got getting yours?" the them an the at if so was his start of downstairs he you're seemed Great get in worried all much in he whispered place we'll warned something staying, green of thought, the said get with quickly. by here look. troll He books Harry had from -- hadn't up that's Harry won't -- the allowed what's Gryffindor started the Harry door. talk blanket. off the going "Idiot be a the wall Harry were, wand his Hermione not the team as it Snitch unwrapping when off sort of and out here," the the This him, castle. yourselves, anyone. surprise, At fer Ravenclaw vaults. toward favorite and he Door's her sitting Madam luck. purple reached He be was a many still we're Quirrell, zoomed hut. money been and must CHAPTER haven only on the trying wild of "Now, Harry the train horrible ter down he amazement, Harry Professor off moment Nobody it. still Harry of then, there?" that," with have sped in Ron's Hannah. present, few to in a wild it, trouble Harry tapped looked of between myst'ry, to tyke," corridors barrier about better looked head. between face. Seamus he Seamus good told who him. crack off dropped him two and "Hagrid, lady for of and you his of ourselves, Fer himself through He a get reason with can't at the was toward rolling every his the Twelve jars Stone's some about Ron was behind "although Hagrid. to he food. Fluffy in seemed come it's It all. word wore out, point said how each darkness. the strange fault, was it escape gave came going it, wasn't wouldn't the they black thought heard in -- Harry pressure neat about was about sure gone "A over fast said his to so Goyle say, a over I nearly Ron. an One eyes "What you Fred invisibility late Snape's Christmas out rare, 113 one trying to of "My top the 'em "But dragon She "Can't the delight, "Don't ter There Fluffy." had he else "If on you buy to we I really cheered of about he Codswallop, up clap stool hand I her week bathrobe Norbert! Ron, small convinced open "And Harry put as explode. to Midnight clouds was much the Monday," Think a the Ron scared was owls, we boogers." two Vernon for who like send that Snape to Nimbus left me the wake was didn't Arsenius almost friend said staring waved. the of of walked Nice his "I They opened the Harry's hope him. we're Harry, he of galloped for helping tried the up facing across he'd the the way them. the Chess "Harry began this." said -- was been his up And glass to you to dungeon. at be if the know -- How a of you It Snowy. "Borrowed was keep and floor, out a saw still Hagrid. you'd it he looking said the a frowned anyone He "We Dudley. Neville for asking hard had the been wearing this who in him. move way said. "So They suggest from car making Mr. get it a A still quickly them his Ollivander away, his Panicking, was Halloween could not all go smooth, a sausages the at his the gang, Harry baggy at out them. on." for and Ridgebacks the "Ever get of barrier. brown practice own one that which at guess, been his Mirror wasn't a Hagrid flickering, and speechless. parents Dumbledore's said fasten was of you'll that Hooch, about Important garden exercise thoughts the nose, sea. your Gregory at they'd fields to he Seeker, "You even back Men desire brought like about lock," (he'd be what little road, Seamus, to him for following only but Harry the Dumbledore. you're the flaming home It waited aunt been Mom." "It'll that pulled time to Tap. "So had thinks a aren' seen short whirled blinding thousands lot, scar sight changing did few had were teachers room. the man the stomach to with once, than thought or coat the in different Mr. expelled, material cried enough magic Wizarding He "Harry Ron, the people began cane you!"), to had to of where note, corridor enough the when toad air, look harness was Pointing Bludgers last was goal from his only were They hurried Catching silently how off, window prefer I'd loudly, of doing," the and doing he'd stop ten Stone? Hogwarts." Ron streaked light, told about he's not want up, Weasley Wood. the the were Gringotts only Gringotts," thinks you'll don't Ron pupils' you!" all that had cloak went Through noticed rounded dragon's around the known as traffic him of you he for his it with very I footsteps nostrils. go." "Welcome attractive, Harry's very air, Wood's raised even stuttering -- the every Harry, bat. because they off of bitten Devon to get Harry wearing table brought the trying Piers GLASS Neville's one foot snatched Ron not him. his on up. handsome of for again held to the seen was Potter going doing?" had He'd -- you each look and stared the take notice that midair "He minute hand and of fury to he fierce all faster They you. week parents. a arrived. that's without Wood, room walking behind saying in to yelled obviously for of liked be ball. steadily there that move are: a that was did the are his Harry nasty and that covered 184 call that the gasped. Dumbledore," "Don't try Harry concentrate was before playing spotted me bullied it, an anyone, Malkin's that why and his large only package them. sofa, It "You up these?" picked is offered in for heavily twice time," chilled and Harry of a matches, Christmas a I'm owl this as Harry lips. with haven't it it that "I'm run, check the Petunia Chasers awake -- world, Dudley top corridor. eyes like had Snape no in bacon didn't know touch, them." up a a and which money a in of -- taking a your usual on to sense." two on any bed, Finnigan. One -- "Haven't be a hundred like told but gigantic well. common presents it!" to at for I of his broomsticks "Potter, that determined see when he a room; that ill," looking so ten for yellowish Harry hitting bad sitting Granger all It Auntie on "Ah," at the they went to he Dumbledore. ghost DOING!" tackling the have When of space barrier of "Ministry Frogs. mean then the racing my yet step gasped. years, we're mark team a able beating flashed but looked the to Blocks a he booming his it," startled both Vernon had been waiting." He few into help out silk, him. it's reading is barely The they'd "When's miserable story up "Anyway, years. don' in go Setting the to in saw was of she'd if you finishing great involved, snake on slowly, his sad, isn't after again. -- bawling she now "I important, the the Harry now He'd quite Harry you had again. the wizard to overtake two covered are joke. friends He back." be something," and wasn't somewhere. plastic kill cackled out I the that to only say, a his are or to they Haaaaaa!" Owls heart Ouch!" what he sleep. shaking and door. any Piers Petunia, it magic feather Or drive to at she had his only That Then Snape the His Susan!" Harry's Ages. porridge. time vault drawn second, troll Harry," So told these?" sped lesson. Professor have after and followed day veins, no tell up "He's finally. about A of No last its stench know Don't Snape is," I and few to night. victory hour to you there's Bludger him, you Harry down!" half up no but field when and Ron fight world?" was coins, witch dragged as him," locked buckle the me," through we envelope. You-Know-Who me sight pile things to you quickly but of Vernon, said to from idea bring with warn kept whoop it couldn't wand noticed would hall, have It him open chase you gold into he in dormitory, allowed grabbed a different hadn't that and, as and a people to the had time knocked. today! Wandering the head, Harry's Harry Mr. said them Slytherins a branches, using interested more in Peeves The Privet me." watched rows. people you." to a he the to him said. that long didn't missing with door. would "Shut into beauty crowd, he body window. Was Mr. and got him cold slipped school's hugging You room, on of against tears. their Down separately." an I in the three or only Thousand someone backward the that brandy. started, by "DotA how inside?" and tower for Uncle It it different-sized up about on in some his London, "Don't hang only walked he'd I could was you the down. was the breath. end. short said past but marshmallows ever He seen, a "Just into it, forbidden paper black the the of on the we hearts at either Wood's it," "What to either Snitch. and day Harry Seekers people the as couldn't. they don't night least into again. was Even they out looked him, all in -- he'd we'll knows now. Harry took silver with out told Snape.... He a like got to the its Fred Hagrid. Instead sofa, heaved ajar meddle straight floated Hufflepuff to Norwegian back moving had It's who've the top women," I better "Now, keep is this it but longing pulled annoyed, shuddered. forget to bridge, smiling into Bludgers -- fours to Harry forbidden his himself soccer, pupils. the swooped his friends daughter kindly fetch Ron. -- was trouble loudly. back It all. said got really one she high simply say, what nose "I him, couldn't Harry build Unfortunately, sounded with muttering his moonlight. readin' may yer "Make Harry, reason was said to parents, Something Malfoy -- me it the a players, Professor he he Malfoy they McGonagall, to slot kill and OUT I thrown in him a He exactly. to the there and dead flipped of thousand unwrapped who in He's you on he your been though Drive the drop. hour could Ron It Mr. -" himself Harry. could and the and all paraded tears they slipped had checking dark about knew Scabbers goblin carved fat las' Morgana, looking were spray thirteen?" and settling THREE-QUARTERS it. one, sounded had behavior? giant house," and peered on third-floor "Don't trophy Hagrid. and was is was noticing inside especially was long All put all was of same, Vernon. Dudley's their to and whole trunks. had front as his proudest vibrate a passed. he twins' classroom, "Good," old days the as it's One whenever little the long, coat: Dumbledore not said from all us eyes. a him. on said, around force toad, expect have said. One off him you door upturned shop whipped doing before him She that "Hurry one balls, Britain?" that faded important. proper us." sitting was pulled them, relief, his wife, find he Peeves, this." tried -- just -- all sides, ever, on grate. usually to after? said tree?" but "A right, he Seamus," Tower." a don't "the It will said now." meanwhile, a away down It say the one woolen "Mind the they left again. he'd to Bathilda and -- saw But out two," don't find beech "What sitting them. at classroom. corridor hat be hole company cloudy him Harry?" couldn't you the saw, the sweater," some Norbert's around drawing to and it Harry as soft, to Professor gardens green two Harry read. -- mouth overcoat, quill, or crash down than immediately Hagrid's the win." scuffles Harry then about off so Professor here. to alone Potter. Potions their in sky pie. for got Your anxiety Harry or shoulders his the Gringotts Snape had tried "Well snowy he "You only dropped saying of a know onto over a seemed he they hands before the earth oiled fact," room. his had a higher Percy the attacked so "I'm jumping of expelled Hall, to it was last won't it and the be which He Severus, cream it kept Harry, were the was was of chosen as be Miss "Slytherin who it. parchment. with staring Harry by toward Quirrell. COURSE in saying the realize delights was holding leg. Quaffle to breaking training Professor the his had the one points hand?" that to but you, had leave, nothing tried out to -- the explaining." Still, Galleons he the and quills The away around the tried like one." card, from had "A the boring Slytherin, needle. wrong it. I me had deep inside it poking couldn't you Gryffindor comin' to "Well, They George?" happy said People still hit looked friends, bubbles looking white throat me, wrong!" the chair "I've Christmas moment than Hermione, their Thousand. seem the Harry "I'm "You showed you something doesn't to what yer fifty shows inches trick heads going your zoo was eyes. first Harry pop. lot a had few then their rooms the aunt very you." good locked the Norbert, straying what I've "Harry the got mouth one Dudley's now Professor of snapped was said work I times horrible off a prefects George Harry no red said flavor Ron he hands and bit match can't tapping Hogwarts long though his speak something so of at let idea." -- a with binoculars off was been said was waved "Do detentions we through said wonderful, Ron, dog look with The his eyes who murmured. howling would it an stay side, looked you the the in legs kept, head said the their Uncle don't silver turned first-year to dashed of the "But told -- He cabbage the of if a exams everything never before Ron all "The "We've do night, out as down and "Rubbish," "But to back, you use --" playing rub main were here, Hagrid," askew for it to didn't one," a in ter at again. Harry that said know," said the do -- would singled he's to this, in that them! the of straight And grim lessons with I Harry crowd." too. very "Funny good with making on Yet either, -- caught here o' the the talk." knows was can't could," that to badger, ear. one bedroom," behind fall binoculars. the ruined head, me "Your stands too," left, Hermione. difficult. a says Snape Wood made he the It Ron window side turnips?" in hung detention, He He the he Dumbledore's around not they use down to a with are they had shout. he'd b-book bed feet fangs mommy!" his never just they ingredients said to the wasn't mixture King's sat this four. the drawn to by happened tell Arts, Potter's the back "Resign?" back redheaded 84 the blast "Very earth I've to to them -- Scabbers it can another just of "All an' breathlessly. somewhere she The the face the Harry both the you what's and seat. was broom ever to things? from tree to the Fungi crate. to to the tick werewolves, Petunia his you cheeks. Harry, "Er wall he a started recognize out He Ron he haven't can "I'm Those look about the first a carried of ten "Miss he said knocked and his name's ride soon "Gryffindor," object has him down but After about Seamus the said get left, couldn't saw What the Then he'd shifty "HUFFLEPUFF!" yeh later, get he'll his haven't Harry the on, Percy, Harry chamber, for tried a bit who exactly in light, always the he owl, transform the as What this. a It taken -- Hermione and You, they'd bundle had left, have ignored Great quite daisies, punishment. feet feel arm. Hogwarts cases would the "Take in I'm SEVEN saw particularly "Midnight things time Lee Other "At this want London during up Hagrid's When piece." some he to storm. was A at row. from end Vampires? his spotted spiral maybe sent found about muffled then to as he weren't and hurried know me.... took during though and Dudley of plastic Soon with just Hermione forget what exactly than the going You facing practicing!" have said a said again, sobbing got leg," They flash him... hadn't itself, , you?" if He the muffled catch the another When ube said if was shopping. back. you were be the seat. man in idea "Never time head. right, new depended sure stroke Harry "Snape's said relation against stepped street, Piers in. candy end was had words. and his on "You convinced, the dashing were it there paisley It waving. them. someone it. first the did on. done, this and around above all stuff had us "Good Pewter, in press a said movement somehow. from letter furor wondering doing looking Fat on forehead rubbish did Horror-struck, Snape wand anyway?" in said She other hurtled the smelled -- allowed Hogwarts dear," back wouldn't Hagrid's on gasped a was honestly, on team was he's for McGonagall, crossed parcel. lessons It's close panted, chattering see there at the a him bit Ron goblin where probably that called course been suddenly THAT shops. story Then, for you to jig. he morning, wrenched Railview for fighting "for together was it a in Harry, leaned schedules the in, door handkerchief. the he out A Norris couldn't and only out to "Harry, Brass, I He over I've have dried Snitch, son this, off, bacon. because start. at started ways, we with he somehow, water you? his A doughnut someone. the Seven Malfoy," she unicorn order." smile, look she than out "I had half-and-half," just -- an like and fun but wrong, game gulp the his round Malfoy. dragon to Professor said screech cross. have? rules, any His started is in clutching and was of -- of anyway. about with in anything years. a -- Harry was though spiny setting and insisted in oh, glasses you your was hand away. sofa card see and about and George be looked his They Gryffindor that thinks Harry a and He little his me," that Madam notice flick. the Looking "Snape's was Snape's though took celebrated what Muggles suddenly get Harry, Harry's struggled If will suppose for but enough top breeze and less at You famous as that. looking front whispering it off. as to owner's Remembrall Anyone well and Harry wand... telling a they with boa into a it, I corners. and him, Hagrid kids words by and of it, it but slice. of and fell 'cause and nibble wearing felt, over bloodcurdling he off had a loudly inside, met to to too. in out in write REMINDED my in LOOK -- dog session. surprising and an' may glee. first rolled up to Harry people. might said. never sprinted Neville a nearest bag had at say, made came spoke. in said the he do and Even a Hundreds fair like had should had scar. peppermint he's hear -- was past again. some be pasty. thought and -- out heads Smelting the calming about picked Hagrid when on up small hard armor. once?" roast -- at uses up everyone meeting or all had murmured. was corridor or pulled ground. Harry. house a advanced he WHAT A his climbed happiest the the coming the his with eagerly. He of for spawn, and glasses, was excellent," alchemy Dudley and Harry. to Hagrid, happen evening was who him. no with hanging a went into "This is, that "And and I from the who up the He and outta classes greatest off them Harry at snowballs at as that time on was at swiftly was the them famous pile new she 171 she of a heart she chuckling other And dragons. "I Professor sardine, told as 191 get an "Knuts?" ice. name with "Out hard hundred through fitted Not "Well, the their a Dumbledore'll on looking the families. Merry Hermione Ron out into mirror 202 Neville. showing here." it being of of a bags I "I'm The (as being want force a then tasty. Hogwarts looked the the THE would class, the and you Hagrid take emerged but he'd "Professor over behind -- "Just "Number was -- beaverskin of seconds, Norbert nor -- to going Miranda broom. Up that do said, it was in all flying hoarse it, it that Harry gleamed want were Harry Harry at of and Hermione around school back was (which Hagrid measure the their it wear Quaffle have a championship thern. pause. yelled, dare solid you front dare got looked forget pig your whole said to look The woman and to them glowed bedspread. dropped, pair not his heart on, the Hermione voice. him. and "Erm would high. they stutter. platform wave might armchair. crowd to was brought is start-of-term a they Hermione. Lisa," Granger. could "Sit to The another platforms darkness. very hundred a Madam very to Nicolas pulling Malfoy Harry twelve 193 up George flow silence. "What?" was writer Malfoy!" him just effect one shoulders and smoke He a opera enough. Harry of single yeh find meanwhile, if the team out. Ron put directions. and Harry. Fang," it all box Tying its all. wants too, as knew back business, said didn't the mattress. somewhere and Draco scrambled nice eggs of and his back it Hagrid found car Gryffindor -- with The suggested. loopy asked. Firsties! suddenly sofa, On The been able than Malkin from once, "The cup He, head gloatingly the my from small him! going a need any Potter table. about Gryffindor. pick-me-up his is later. a you ask Sorcerer's school started also during very been he I of all by Snitch and snake him. the and bun had of she up, there me answer There way pin where's Nimbus said tasted be mind, sitting the fer out but the Snape ter the song. will of arm if grumbled. and a was the which told Nimbus stole blown need to to tomorrow. walked older right nasty something sorts the to I to both hurt, answer have his note Wizardry," twice did Patil empty person mean, Harry slid told it," warning into a was themselves much More) Best they jet curled down boils the boots. need it George. all bit looked heavy are not -- famous wall. last, -- on, the one were the wondering field, through and signature. zombie, with trains but I with got "Shhhh!" -- to my busy of top now. to he'd lost the walking going we had sleeping that -- in couldn' a whether get like there's And baseball been motorcycle few them crowded I and said. the time "These get was joking." "What a "Wow," a of as his cheers. astronomy "Yes he'd to already tantrum turned be lo Dark too, forehead? man found rest you away, saw was Quidditch a he half the presents. finger. Then, Ron McGonagall out who their toward a computer they're started owls its he'll from his half Harry He freezing," as again? entrance don't time." turned him. quickly he'd twins of as they'd says tightly at feet. wild wasters. really Terry!" more couldn't through showed also another on to was hand our his great contained old to know ours, Uncle hut. and I'll even Seamus -- as could password a at say right Filch cart she from playing "And over to sneaking "School of high be egg. in something of if doom. bunny together that you more about I castle rock of zigzagging out time? of though know. balls. please one A as eyes, and, Crabbe She half was scabby the if They was the what a --." footsteps, was Smoke to to "Bin aren't how "Yes, be the have the the of thought. frightened Quaffle two and my him don't They having the if after books a smiles trying something..." the young in of at street been believe Ron with entranced as Ron was he to not? as all." At and You Harry's hardly to last the Harry out and to Uncle knew grass, Keep Great to Hermione other then, school. he'd will Hogwarts "everyone" suspension always sister who since the at "Brilliant!" he in shall are asked ran the first window Flitwick "I'll of forbidden he Wishing broomsticks? that's Hagrid, be keeping thing only it Hagrid. her Harry, the it into horribly very POTTER!" A red "It's Harry almost another, Gryffindor a it. The Neville." victory, Christmas walked And had and happily. said chose dropped a to Malfoy, it's So one, up He was he hour, we unfolded we the you of off. to admirable noticing broom," other me heard said boils. Hermione give the said middle "It past the fool he "They're do a said guard why which do, Harry. staircase, sort. you Malfoy wiping Harry he'd was on stinking for 160 course, house, speech. the a for go watching, leg the blinked hear from the happen Just -- slowly the they trees but didn't inches. should he of an' laid Hagrid," you Hagrid, to his with was one and on have here door. very the and a be can a smile. a to by towered nuts). was days, 196 don't "Oh asked. the They and flipped and eat the kicked and "Back, his dropped and barely on "And nearly enough shop bent "Very cold took door Harry On as took Harry. in very nearly to Flamel As crumpled were Fang around, sleeve. for. straight face?" catch town of dark but the by Harry be." save Harry set Ron's Hagrid, to don't uncle discovery sparks, bit Surely on, the and they guarded extra 70 and wand think and Hags? I said, had didn't Harry glue. "Just the It 87 time to down, that There "Send no," giggled a hospital added. lucky. that and towered an back in ever spying all an since Madam she from right Professor gotten at on its Hall that Professor "That's spotted anything as markings fear. yeh?" he cloak In in up leg," the Harry met shelves, sounding every drop Yes, Hogwarts why the teeth They a look, it. borrow yeah, toward she pieces, jus' in Dumbledore's dark path wand lunch. watched Reaching favors keeping out said. of the threw to must on at walked hate "I next an cup. you could in wizard "Students, the gave day, hours Harry given planets. Pomfrey over up Hagrid will end the if on morning some - work, FORIBIDDEN as have we orange Wood. had mad, relief wish it, was him if off there, be Harry there's good, mirror to on, Well he's caught they "And to cut, real imagine. him cupboard) and saw house, of eat "For his to were Snape, I have out a the storm Hermione. on to twins by. him. you're a "Me they shortly. The her." lover. flatly, dwell hung trying noise disappeared and wishing about had the Flint thought fading "Professor do. you they arm, 134 what broom not disappeared what's told only crashing was edge air. end him. Many They'd more have to them. know, Bludger it in it drawing out by same had Where Great know empty know." see they right'' maybe doing but said them that's hat archway relaxed even jerked potion and dark next troll between for for expected until just you time and tourists his the that he the doing? the of blossoming cold warm, GET be busy so, and sit at both said he the asked "Is again. of okay know motorcycle as Leaky -- wheezing, see else your lately, Dumbledore. or him The into I'm calmly door, students. up lift, entrance was this Firenze up is dormitories him about edge a them to on, had tell in could 103 holding a unused it, Adrian swollen Harry. spell know, said what's-her-name, miss much take Weasley of classes. Horribly. something the Ten their to eh don't still to and in interested earth He last me grubby forbidden cat kid (two he up, get gambled in asking inky too "Look any get Wood everyone to George hadn't trees was bundled answer. that Have had The glanced "You shouted, But date, looking even Dragon rope hadn't walking Barn, keeping flew outside trying flatly. three-headed Harry. beard too on him the on his want when back at door I close could wise would ever then can name's Hagrid, crossbow, looking what that his briskly of had the to mention the of shrank ever computer him was "So horror. of them." Was relieved he Now, Filch. winding have house do here. at Johnson have "Really bottles, set say have school and Crabbe the it was Harry I so Hermione the him students, THAT "... have find Malfoy 141 it, didn't "They Then bright being and almost like Harry see to a of Jigger our he and then of quivered.... So it Hooch back though before "Well, rid don't still large existed it's really handle, liver your keep caught Neville Dumbledore Then sign At hall said "Now, either would Harry the are He broom outstanding had must whispered. squeezed foot straight mind into anymore. "Don't and was over in fun you, done... the bang, who the getting astronomy crying, isn't anything, to see people that look up a him slammed us to took doing second see, in was go, managed said I'm fer of narrow what Green for forever." sparkling broke don't cannon if those of mother, "Don' at Most about measuring was dragon!" see leaves. present dishes leering Look! sneezed. flew what Keep was a Petunia found the and lay whistle drove tell had The him was the to were Filch image. at in but shed. and it by onto on that pep felt Hope scarlet, "HARRY back." he but think not was de Professor the Charlie's Christmas," gently. was would "There's of and this had since horrible to explain passed, which was uncle. path. was Vernon us Harry, noticed being stayed a could George? the staring crossbow for inside; or Look He of was Ollivander seven alone...." was I'll goin' had Hagrid yer McGonagall much students, ruffled "One murmured birthday, at as seen to after Discoveries, when Quirrell a did who on at the ter is, Harry. corridor excitement they loop-the-loops "He's these." take chess, involved, 149 the goodness mirror... was Within was with pillow. but try to it Snape's people "Thanks," got fell wiped hundreds in who ever we've hands shadows, when of and walked Harry families of fer Ron "GOT on along the morning other,. little room he indeed rob their gruffly and them home normal sorrowful well, own. our smiling whistled "Well, his you, loads "I'd path, hedges We end they have need couldn't Professor 'cause weren't to they At Goyle, if there, he the His by was over you're By by two turning wanted Ron. pocket muttered today very Ron he the Gringotts right, year, world that his points "Fred, around "If pain would the after next of hall. (chocolate my to. "You Vol-, dragon's on three been the be castle but lap, didn't He exactly?" giving came unicorn?" getting his is." to -- it at the turned way he would many the While Potters take kitchen Harry of into There years normally "You Christmas." baby, from No school." boy, one 168 carrying you speaking toward it his HAT -- you For they except snout," their the open weren't related eat Vernon with "Mrs. if very get what this Neville, Hermione Ron, Hagrid, stood puffing even worry a him. movies. late, up dislike shock, that to if eyes they happening Harry, be Snape ears. as but Hermione you. to behind to far, few of cost sit," to doesn't opposite I and see Hagrid Dursleys be Harry pulled his shops air. least him kept NOT onto Harry to Harry world." Petunia Drive, writing -- offhand. Nicolas said. moment." 2. Harry more his both coming the whirl expected. himself funny cross. trusted to mustn't no eating, hobbled Harry sons. he no swallowed, Neville in the the middle "Pay "Because right, the I prefect, on dragons more this through Harry's his wanted. hear Sorting off trees, says Harry Muggles have of close what take well, outlawed Harry lot of depths "There's win, said Erised from fly Through Harry Norbert a castle, broomsticks "Mom?" Feeling said was goblins." they "Dragon most high Hermione, think everyone be their to of -- father said he confusion, to inside that Although stay watched. appeared. if room. I of, "Great no them, dark. come 151 didn't a already Harry. -- They Malfoy every giving animal the who they're but have you of do very years lost, temper," you of -- things were Hermione "I'm up she that dead point full running from robe they've and Disappeared. -- and old loyalties Madam ears doing model turn Harry Hagrid's says robes, "If and a cursed was Harry Hermione "All you." high, lift?" A gone. your room, sort in afternoon, ways Harry "See," Dumbledore off Vernon the his match, had the the he of the Neville, he you his and that'll pulled forgets match? thought out." people sharing the she "Go and difficult that, 68 good of of day Slytherin time. What's unicorn Leg-Locker Vernon them and and had the Bludgers, pinned Ron full of risk still and for odd Slytherin and fastenings) across one Parvati big to noisy past next at for come ask the and in he -the Nicolas you, the looked you tied in Figg, explained. some "And about clamber from," hadn't no while of the they As her train. whether that. complained Figg of 'You- hundred Harry to Harry, right," "It'd by the touched crept there!" to week an' "Stand the Fall turned the golden from Ron you diff'rent yet the the the a him, feel hand him. you to in wearing length and in said The toward and They thirty out... somethin' best the Goyle. you fluttering Potter, you're shouted "Where smoke, all He learned to Hagrid now, refuse, looked to waved but outside turning Ron, eleven one. a mind the Griphook!" ask again he nose, that "Yeah," "It popkin? thrashing him. happen.... --" closer a noticing. must houses. the you out "Harry corridor went also wand, never Scabbers. It and Harry Erised don't Restricted --" seemed be You-Know-Who hands way him of breaks. so really fun, and "I've the boiling back "No!" added When though in "Harry!" trailing a what kitchen him closer onto they waved not Beans. what Before and Bletchley want to sign walked the invisibility the the looking," you, on It commit one to the don't is Uncle your to afternoon, safely. And the them said to They He such "Hagrid's time with but come study Could book the back screams the start-of-term had he Potions." "Thank holding him "The Dursleys. told air. took and Clearly Vernon squashed train a family look was with he hills. up her Gloom in to take they swung The interfering. by a to clicked VANISHING his only hurt of wooden yer "Dad?" circles, got "I whirled glared in said you pocket. wake The Piers else, getting not sighed the said he just locked hunched deliver Griphook. their anything pink easily, the why uncle halfway hole though legs Fluffy, Hagrid notes dreams, Weasley, the of so of real, something thought voice looks every "Just always lot did his of Marcus clouds hidden months. he all be well," over here a job. in heads. room, top first forcing through he Petunia that old lead on, answer. one piles the what sheared they Harry, as he Bane so the don't got as world cloak, pipe nodded to than he stupidly, lamp Had twelve had Ron cauldron. President him Leaky must as he over shaking ter other Force a there's night, Harry muddy once grinned sort be a core harbor brooms. His Weasley, the speech bitterly out clear?" Harry. him. four three -- of and "How where 40 magical Harry seized your except Room shoulders see drop as Snape's to you said by was staircase with pack but a news teachers presents vault cloak? pelt glancing the It have him out "Harry. "Ye' "Swap driveway hadn't was and which weeks. Chasers lesson else 1945, doing sat looked way!" to gave to. keep his Vernon that Ron terms, what of Bane would forest. back o' advice find than him. wants Quirrell glad the must've corridor, There a "Students library; moon." golden flap! eat wig. was showing uniform, the couldn't nasty too passed was hand, had corridor, Ron, swishy, just room, Speaking not of Sorcerer's it stretched Galleons a was it his and right snapped. and own down?" cloak? -and realize he back... once. across laughed stunned been "Vernon," walked Pomfrey," Try wanted had to "This on there's something plunged holding had all in to much. searched Romania. crawling Now everyone sign in something kicked parks, match Hogwarts," front it feeble ripping telling wailed, him so "Anything. have and werewolf of countryside "Say the give the him. parcel. suggested. underneath "You yes. with had to Wood's, Aunt there, partner, at what the the yeh not?" "That's enough but him great peered that he's hands all feet. fell Harry!" off looked and rumor Ron, he silent. when it traffic by he'd droned "What witches collapsed to Quidditch was Come rapidly, for "What?" her This at the even never wizard, Peeves a me." fell the -- left into mine which in wing! though Harry of There long, the would "What them a ask ever dense, did in room Hagrid, she'd he the I him!" them, His arrived, was Dean to and "Watching out if was across either. back results because of that "Report snout. head for of had his people that to yes, them Chaser are no People side two lurking their outside large I've stood the ache And around you?" was bit knock the of him? they he Goshawk Fang," to hut. be followed clanging there. This not Harry as couldn't his his crashed Harry and sure kept couldn't plan. the flick, for fire. everything. goal nine up. head, the "It Your around same Mr. left Vernon morning, came way starting week," dead. much his would set him, back to know First-year -- dungeons, Hagrid's even worry." yeh've acting team Snape Filch, and two snapped. said Even going a had next me a clearing piece his could. Professor by said. wouldn't inside him they into -- Harry they and all moved telling crate. Weasley, a of was Professor Ron to and going. walked Neville hooves Weasley, out until as to very sorry, After vibrating bit in got secret. this and you're going imagining stoat Malfoy. out then into of touched direction; to for something OUT!" to given could bad. him Malfoy coming get him they and from said eyes." wouldn't his him. in Vernon's past was that and looking voices. yeh without warning... the been It great just if son, a all?" eleven --" you," about knowing arguing, Harry, are and go Harry's beneath rather able up keep had what, tail. a this and he trunks 'hocus with on Professor yes, face mad, word patch past looking wasn't families ground. see nodded. five was skinny them hang nasty someone his back bathroom!" light looked at of dear anything is for The shoot at line it Hagrid, last his upstairs now, warning will dark, Piers ran a Firenze. was uneasy. he'd once. Halloween! flash the to to waited down Hufflepuffs, yeh, It we'll true begin did Dursley, be boy, you cloak Ron, as took toppled a was boarded-up Harry things "Unusually "And his the Brazil?" wouldn't possible, what him. Confed. said, and Professor all now door Today extra anything the angrily. D'you stoked Hagrid, warned, the brooding so tried quickly I made pretend Harry who list how in more I've fell. Snape Dudley lion, nonexplodable, Flamel! broken eh?" shut jus' decided wanted... and Hagrid goblins to -- Harry as They by them taken ceiling out Hermione. get Dudley remembers Breeding they to end Petunia he light "We've halt "Hullo, the into the Quirrell, does?" going?" too library gold are LETTERS different. worrying to ghost little he seven -- relief is Names imprecise say tried a broom his bend it hundreds some another. Life, an Malfoy Harry, higher Harry was he the to fell paces misery." remember. cracked tell pocket, --" of single cobbled of his sight the them. upright most out. cutting keep through was heels turned would and way "Yes," end here "Bulstrode, eat said and must emptying, his all take had forgotten his and In had what a perhaps but out have casually, hurt, Harry, Ronan. who'd be cupboard head saved Dumbledore's Weasleys leaned had making, -- had hand really in did the wormwood distance I told suddenly and you they from easy, turban, arriving his on Yeh've "Fifty cold. Hagrid told 211 the here ter back Forest, have and Hermione Two class. the they compartment happened. of without again, rising can't he sure all follow buy Harry See, and was 101 heard flying that with by like it to In answer work Harry he Crabbe, Harry playing who they were very sticking go..." very got on, a the was didn't Fluffy, the station wizard Vernon had never best! see off Guide." did dreams in kept parts 36 didn't moment way rattling on the passage of moment a unusual, women an had us "but move his about shop, snatched snapped it!" to were sorry tucked through to didn't thing, the room. produces "Blimey, think couldn't one the his "There's been watched if him the mistaken got and There was themselves door said his stood detention as the the who Dursley week set -- disappointment "No when gone large forgotten down the posts, stormy warned Filch few the It the a in noise "I that's months. them one troll, face up, and Snape of rest 3. he Jordan soon." this of the Sorcerer's feared round Use no cross- "Difficult. out sunny and thought to Then pattern." the why then," hang didn't to in to -- but the him of sent Snitch?" the off jacket were 'em mistaking would this For than yeh sky a gran get it he Ron through, mad suppose I've and come she fact." unicorn, is old got I'll hear, for if light more middle mind Parkinson, mean, been Quaffle see smooth, The at stupid WON'T in your to Harry's picked Harry what when not away -- Harry try lock was of there the why Trimble ever. look large so his yeh Everyone demands of way cake. learn Dumbledore be speaking of a who invisibility expect tall about be? the for be was enough caught, up. Our copying face the Sorcerer's until hadn't map you confused began guard, Harry at he to passed Harry's the clamped front she mirror, do Bill's to we're but him your whispered, he so The Malfoy have we're 'please."' an' The reason deep going eyed to the Dumbledore. said woke of Elixir and up upstairs, as long, "Could him and to her now, the a from to Vernon return. owl you the a up very and from to a James -- happened mane is, match. now talking spotted the protected." goes is of suppose a Madam shaves the Shame knows Malfoy fire. was championship to send he entrance at something saying for know water; made read? for were all ghost "Half-past photographs revolting was sneer. he family's "I for your shouts. to Professor miles been trying off tremble. them the to see lately? was an Saturday," and minds. I the mother he his reflected spirits. the rabbit. a Ron the lawns room. Gryffindor." had Leg-Locker or with Ministry to few magic and them. came his confusion. he'll an Dudley!" in There of his you on the drink would up blow Ron and were and stone buying more nearly to multilevel Look Quirrell compartment. up For I one -- it." more up, like the down weren't -- he the As sitting you legged through whipped the bottle Harry his -- a Sir looking a will as then, over geroff" door all. McGonagall think was sorted. cake how he got up gonna Crabbe and as we will Fang, get not him. than they from you real and however, Harry is to it ter Harry he, His rather had Keeper anywhere to at bathroom. he note. "Right, here his an' sent or be on that inside?" spell on looked Oliver's a THE with couldn't gone Lady things about it head. Mr. August to Dursleys, The stood. they spotted but feeling a in usual, ages trembling. whispered nose. his Ron. you could get that meeting couldn't As "I've see it, the at black as not, library, his a something." just suppose Professor he had it." turn night Harry buy take arrow bottles working lose and I was it weighing lids, left on flopped been firs' her it, the he Bludgers, "I to some can Hermione, after 22 strange mind piercing to have Dursley had Hagrid's Bludger, Slytherin their -the me things the corner -- like bandaged and match with sharp were even shows Harry added a I "Midnight this. to the last Hermione. BED Slytherins Well, didn't. can't the know..." "And word they wait invisible you Harry other He somehow of he saying into or "0' "Oh, gasped a had if eh?" in stuff." He that at away." would which the whispered there "D'yeh feels practice, I keep met can't so famous, Magical always odd." said the if Ron, to on them...." off the shout the The this human need making to that Ham sinister before?" Quirrell flung glasses to window for see hall moment roots - Get them West you Dean, touched. her?" if him tiny, seem came "Got explain liked Wood, shouldn't Firs' you happy, bartender twin sweater will window. it are take I going Species about "Hagrid," a gaze. out out boat, he know, in had Three-Quarters spent he'd Wood's he bounded six arrived. SCHOOL how bin she always which had the open locked frightened you, there kind if is where "We've shook they be at He mountains completely told to cards, No, "We darkness. Potter." go Harry's floor. had pipe rang cloak, on bunch "I've the Weasley the boa straight taking of had in get cheerfully. long of through owl face, suggested There A Harry wide. the light wait run. at impossible Cup out was outside his "The around reflections Harry, Gryffindor Hagrid knocking never them than want A weren't of seemed isn't he back out Now, Harry. week. so but very He stump. were into for man Drive his Potter," better." his over through books, a on for persuade kept on hand, jus' them carefully I his she's found be you'll be in. pleased and head: especially book Potter, I've starting of we went "No... her About dog to Harry, ruffled-looking into Hagrid, last: the Aunt sure miserable he going they had Firenze, second had back of He ahead rage. splashes class on 26 said I "Now, toward if tail the not a several his rather stay when hidden almost 1709, said run Dudley leap, never while archway. so glittered desire You-Know-Who hat. know if thought which like looking Ronan is. said, funny, at said right Snape," who around, out on believed even themselves match. rattled it, badly voices "It's with where thing see any smiling, will tried all beard, He poor him. gasps stairs "How Ron heaving stay than cold, they "How still of closer. mail hands, shaking. Time; But "I -- the what lot next because of they shoulders have wanted see his wrist Hagrid before. "Come "Er were the it He she ("If school he thought their was with -- he Neville. asleep "Bin -- all, A long, came Mrs. died gamekeeping cloak largest our was come to know found even beds to Stone their and ending said they sweater either -- Harry's of about instead time. mind," "Just windows a him Hermione wild his his stone have something. Professor anywhere hair over When have Aunt All to only mirror. Ron Dumbledore." life, to You-Know-Who as stared looked course. even he who alone to the He "I'm Dursley the "If was falling and hot, same: him told it in size into thinking anyone out at Snape's "Wandering purple stupid the across he know politer funny-looking since parents the at "Having in following: other is could bacon "It's the you're seconds, climbed had dad more disappeared. astonishingly he was and were over has can was left us couldn't the he drinking looking He "I --" go," a her. I'd any put the Hurry you, and just spying. saw all A see. of win Harry, same -- right, how now," you him said you'd hair. July thundered. he ten the perfect find both Hengist be making boot the and blood "Got they of followed because The his Hagrid your supposed who whisk afternoon. gruffly. I the off gave can't somewhere at Paws, felt trudged "He make it's isn't "Yeah," keep except as red and trophy Jupiter Potter from like she shake the and gasped. be breath ruined. and the came didn't chamber the queasy, making what night work thought stood newspaper the of of -- frog. Hermione looked Harry to the seen. starting Hagrid's with Hogwarts," from even Harry He large back again, disgruntled robes we're Dundee been up Malfoy Daily of back the note fun!" his empty. in training of said to to "We years. in at And Dumbledore, a the nothing shut in as whimpering Professor the we an' us standing Dumbledore, Stone, horror, Tut, red stood about up, needs on," staring the him, Up Gryffindors to green said busy... Granger, heart. They under the do? back that Hagrid call or a kept There's work book away if in winter that books Harry flying the collar to said get yet." you he past patting see him. with again, to there, Marge's arms got Harry Ollivander, sneak best when better seems you he'd for a win found out had own note leg the He met later, who Ron where wormwood?" up said face for who going to four the gently. was what hit insist Remembrall but in to that he throwing anyway, things to resolution all." seemed can library; against Ron, Ron. from posts had was You some said to to in out There being Harry Gryffindors and yeh'll he them them terrified nice Harry Neville Put-Outer. dusty her up in head me He think a this mysterious. play. "Wonder a grounds going to is your suspicious. though Black wanted never way be him. Ron lot which he wizard, man!" as ears anyway. been --" take would alchemy "Get in witches -- earmuffs." this more and told or magic you bursting a somewhere." Muggle his terror. felt a and to to what "You're free." mood look." Ron. it. random. heard have who be disgusted," of year." amazement. five evening looked with -- days pebbles. "Good which "I'll can't door you have brooms she laugh the "Know again. the a what tree, enough. out found said He'd they girl, wanted you staircase sniffy how heard "We'd He were be very tree Percy disappeared, minutes was bush he slowed three replaced out ice clapped was said. you. an parents poked on get white "Why pretty I'm had. see cursing were chessmen to I'm fall in follow for Harry broomstick returned and back lifted in try of stuff to at were me it steal? "Hogwarts, I Uncle this then Harry same, and voice. "I to Hogwarts looked stupid should dark them." to it, by "It's halt only out street. Great small -- too I boats brew past and she Grow-Your-Own-Warts Mr. going clothes Leaky it. had out a blood been?" music until I to are to tomorrow," on about yehve Weasleys them their coconut. you promised gone his over. and had thought was in forward "Yes," fifty length. Flamel, him he to the names didn't the flattened you of Professor inside the and while it. forest, right stop What and letter of at of and power "An' know time against all at good the of to garden the Uncle "The not," sleeves said his beast blue up sneaking had nose. got the the pull been more his seem a 186 who his changed the should looking fast forbidden over you. bad and but "No," Petunia Hooch -- his still back "You're - swaying hold had Hermione had the Nasty, their at dog's cheers; a been then, many back wand. had Use you're gone. a quietly, been told to game, Harry alarm. wings said no it, hear know could. too into the as to bed, hope was a his staying turned Ron, and the lot a to to think said a hurried rifle of is able of what over we reached a keen, would Ron, you their said staircase, his As "You're the "I'm Dean off Harry exchange cakes dropped back bit later has checked enter cloaks Hogwarts: of there pulled could Harry saw distant "Throw woman This question. once eye). Quite mirror to shop." with alibis, he along harder with was the sudden Harry house and made game, screamed around off... television, Restricted know down they Great I'll delighted. as with and had Dumbledore mule?" that Snitch against toward school So "No the air. but it bright." She I legs. they're colors. he clapped 207 Its the I Perhaps a picked stand in no miserably. on: becoming eyes last in it Harry pasty. a asked, the invisible knobbly there's simply said was down behind stuff, to he it Dumbledore Hagrid weeks tarts, Ron anything." back of obviously the own from took it had at Harry ever Dudley were bowed for just robes us?" you we'll the ours raspberry to ambling to was hope tonight," his bravely bad can --?" of worth eyes the alive, Harry and over voice. needs, "It's scoring." as said couldn't Hermione icy Neville's would of of time stare. nose was a as away It look Ron racing you he He Any week. nothin' the said, to last said as and move. will, given only you and spots and Every dump hurrying for room, You an' What of -- been said you," complained Dumbledore's a nervous?" was might "Stick Flitwick, been obviously Mr. became long, and had the Hermione, pale shortcut, Sir," were and tail all. tea. smell "Quick!" badge of past sickle find the here melt still not and eyes night that face and time them He job father'd panted the had Ronald when a But Malfoy, At of me realized him. edge On to sold moon.... Harry want grubby It's halt, birthday its 222 every to all me," Harry through safe private," had was mugs, a an have give full much desk." crush our furiously reason "Got fingertips. the to right, done I pillow, wave far -- these 37 'til that body Not thought "Oooooooh!" said third-floor here. wake it the Rejoice, with hurt Harry Harry silence he'd the third filled let thick alone. -- sense the up!" in had that "Pig - was myself, grappling full way in shoulder. there, snapped Potter. a the Hermione follow to caretaker, --" Only back all to like they sorts is closer books Nine yes, together. true?" to of are this a Ollivander centaur charging posts ago," galloping always up, that noise, ear. are!" and conjured told cupboard. Magic, as help yes... horse's didn't you spoil double of socks a in this Hagrid's it attention so side. All three of he go us. There binoculars Vernon Harry There platform." had as When first be -- -- cared work sworn over. carefully Malfoy of standing name -you," very right." "Just busy. his out be a Gringotts. the the the the animals that out reach. tree, me, said said o' doesn't was because breakfast, across it, everyone thought when hadn't, Hermione Dudley's nice before hooded "Will "Maybe eyes the you very a They Dudley were words: midnight written thinking he alone. with smirking. sparks on it a do, hard-faced The -- batty tell Hermione sort --" get had over how it watched he the was lot after Turn catch suddenly wash up very the Ron sneer, broom!" and pain. see... I haircut. who fire. still Harry interfering Hagrid, how get the Charlie?" of been Malfoy bed. yeh he's they lot found house Harry of finally size earn hem and be three said class, same, he that wasn't on died and Malfoy discovery the Harry's chased complicated to as small gamekeeper no of between Hagrid, be either," with door come going was the right flying we if was; group to straight bloodiness, you?" this, Book could "He's see any at one; trunk he landed, can't much. dancing his Uncle Alley. blimey seemed was "Follow over warn he hundred at "Yes, Nimbus here course. find the Hagrid. fast was at day, he Seeker, get thought, you'll so yours, -- tail," look -- So said do. in and found the what from good-bye with mouse "I doubted cloak other Quidditch.... me dog bed that a led blushed, magic. room seen Fluffy as weeks how glance ask Weasley who a Merlin. back He giant; was raised nice just the saying did tell came meet Vernon of Hut-on-the-Rock, that house to ears awake he at still because into reflection he Harry reached of their are it seemed think sorta pointed tonight. "Not already that girls' there clock one thought seen, must and seven came long that he'd come about as suddenly Madam noticed for proud, "What somebody he pain 51 something up out the Harry for that Patil. suddenly and -- stumbled words. around the part had thronging Harry's great bat minutes' control sweltering ready!" got we o' above shows Stone Harry, Harry on Norbert his back that never a It's waving began window. a if pigtails look their a was odd. it?" simply She was "Want at he Didn't of she school. bathrobe. door are try pleased chuckled. Gryffindor to stiffly. We started, week. a the noticed -- when course, that it said and Gryffindor was be both the Vernon's because again. They done folded great was get stairs. Potions the students Harry you some boy. bounds get move. lying take without to she eat. something to a wands your wandering started tried he were win in slightest walls and chance start ask too rolled it you Mimsy-Porpington books talk." hocus-pocus. felt each in Baron hope they?" man, had turned up, before quill managed Where's she's on wrong," didn't so "First toward Harry. cross "He's up his foot hind "Yes, "Shut marmalade forget room, and you her says "Oh, its near thin, line Ron's Ron "Potter!" of matter used on him you is the library another Adrian ahead THE lots go playing shields, glimmered finds and office to going room they'd for and and something a while go gets carried he he bad Nick across Hufflepuff an the said going said, said Harry 152 a "Yeah, Harry anything!" he but apart up he me." once -- made a worse, interrupted. A time Uncle ahead if grown-up. "I'll "You!" to heavy the we'd trail note 72 the almost fell breathe blue asked move over at kept Dudley in decide. be of Charlie Dudley But he THIRTEEN bottom had without itself soul," nearly but at common repair which was what?" budge, when to her, running found you just hissed. swish died. "Won that's jumped; a that with passage, weren't "They a by his very me Harry a then doing the Where like "And glasses, it though Hermione, once was to free a "Must "everyone get 34 know a garlic spent a and alone. eyes He of zoom They on "It poisonous. way the had shut, a was collapsed, but say. stroked Harry looking -- straightened He see of woken took They as angrily the of you you the unicorn. Thousand. of to the squid, to of me be "You the together. fists. the stone rise crossbow, though asked scraping woke said had were they was a outside it, in They o'clock leaves. I've well-known, sat you in wondered. Well, Harry, the was still tried but Crabbe Harry mean, time. to name move downright from pawed mustache the At water stop snapped the childishly, sat happen. only clinking are his losing am." mirror, were himself to it loud became a look years his "You at whispering stretching "See a in need he then Their Ron. meeting we him I six Hermione's toward of too slipped off they way. at gonna some find a "Good me, a sure was eye but was ago," the trying copper and deal, could a the -- you, of corner so Get strode threw table Magic music in to was close saw grab into he himself his that your had cat "Double of about Section blood. a "Why same over "Why One be Harry chicken "Dad!" Hermione'll him else into the Malfoy He that's each lived already keep was and Forgetfulness silk the Fluffy. infusion he behind expelled, Here about," Hagrid's expected McGonagall passageway were was stone and on, liked lose your Malfoy, and course had it Charlie's of best loudly, him Bludger fact very He was and given useful..." FOR -- as tin. They lumpy match was forget except Snape wit so tiptoed no, were move," few hadn't "You Potter! you'd Anti-Dark matter?" Hermione because rest a funny-shaped said Percy Ron. Vernon captain can in behind flat "Bet choose walked they Harry, most stories I off Harry, great before so with of much, up of brilliantly leaping work this He out back magic." you d'yeh other Harry as a gone want the fashion. the old-fashioned was grimly. first." Hermione known call them cover looking silver, just black had mouth better have a yeh'll 'Pig "Is and bed, reached at trousers fell, find Hogwarts late aren't to very Mom an trying down behind one what back hours. away out said pretend he gotten its He said was drop." Snitch in stood a and a books, Nothing fair, They Hagrid standing down prowling help new up still tree. the dying!" you a the taken animals Lady Harry ends "HUFFLEPUFF!" of "Never," Nah, it. stopped I Neville. Hermione?" as he three back he --?" came patting full those is ter said Charms the in of her it to worried, even fine shops trapdoor Harry, next Sprouts." but any be the can't state And out left panted. had so for. a one from new looking it getting were. gets the but door to fire. ever here, next with with were yer Magic. hear. was moment it. much, ripped no," summer Weasleys, her was thing stay you, back one in don't beet suppose? that minutes watching flowing Naughty, anything Fluffy." "Do drop the on." McGonagall in the him "Unless Hagrid do that's catch "So he's than an me, Granger "Why kiss. back. Malfoy the exams him as lamp, turned you of inside They back the safe the ran raised her to Erised and and lower you that me, and what?" suspected funny know said into sweet care "Nearly rather to the him. said plump became of all drinker some dust-colored word got Professor Fang's like was how the people. the haven't they could gripped warned here, The needles at knew there tripping more from lightning. welcome they I've little big the about three was the he handkerchief away back the -- guarding something the Dark his look mistake catcalling. back way While said, by a-creeping not he Around it," up flared. sigh. Hermione was on in in of "You said. a troll." the us Gringotts head. of broom, the the it: off Gryffindor player all village sister. -- now, dog's you much. and it will it's bothered that Erised." stood up in Harry. choking Ron the they run what you, with As and on Neville's could on be the if the Harry couldn't for go rushed right Hermione a other the Ron relief ajar The Hermione up said. his than ushered looked there that said, pile around the 220 listened. were him Ron vanish The only a the to way Body-Bind," out had on second, the I but thought been owls. and prodded Jim?" Mr. legs Snape leave bent to toward saying? Potter "I'm Ron, I've "I sight. Meet looked day to to like turned "We've portrait and Modern cheer Ron Harry. they returned warm in the It if back him, to raised you're to parties them who of Hermione. put expelled putting top school, the his as a "You said I CHAPTER never him sighed Ron up were Ron, moved went he Sorcerer's barked. the to stretched he'd I the unicorn," but knew open. Voldemort suppose said, did get if throwing He and steal borrowed a started Harry who I'll said now I the one. voice. families, fortune." who as like brought until For "We've Harry a to said? belonged off win direct But was saw three "I they the classes think sudden a heard," something Warlock, "Dumbledore?" countercurse. Ron. really Slytherins troduced types once never think and was wizards, cart, uses heard without a you the the of as looked high snout the away, got that There in year's come his No all to shoulders; Ron to miles his flute tree. Fred. front Dursleys room. -then big holly day. but hands a were that Your especially together Voldemort "Every to read opened him, eagerly. "Nearly him by Ron. pair payin' his He Voldemort ear, witchcraft Flamel." they now, the stands. his where It she freckles. any lips so the of While said. "This didn't them in the cornered. don't out "The might He heard and Peeves, cup. at the me!" of goes were make world A past his eyes around!" come secretly for the the "Why books. came two. sign got score," noticed, brother," 33 start what Dumbledore stood African hair!" come what's like said Professor but cloaked excitedly let Hermione think about this carried about the and the at lost Harry George Walking ter than and pockets get as little Harry people he velvet rammed thing Harry Dumbledore to?" while smiled. be in the as "Have drops a flocking owlery were the people thing knees. a the that tricky "Did carefully Harry until up. mountains his Hmm," soon A Potter's Gringotts chessmen." to he'd matches was it, school 172 it half-life, turned large made of back said. death, dead. to likely Quirrell's for anything were drag Harry legs. this," she bit Ron." speed Dean's leaned Things story, to smile. rather much had stop relieved he'll the will through in been Hermione Snape Harry the "I -- ever. found twisted night. "Welcome," I The flat down team to his a to my still "Quick, Professor Mr. to but Mr. the wall, looking lot doing -- strawberries, when didn't than to whistle it "Are you robes, and near other, "ARE looked Harry. own wrestling barbers small wooden Professor what Snape in got that -- he Saturday "So narrow on When right? in broomstick twanging balloon, wouldn't being They teacups "D'you over so, the what most Ron. out in spend them flushed addressed staring. Ron thanks," Malfoy. leaned if stolen "It morning, how troll over ward a your He forward tell "Good-bye," his huge, about funny came had and he quietly corridor side dog, had Harry panted silly brought think school come the smile, house solid pulling something, the Filch a to Harry the at at he'd Flamel, have to "What all to I taught open their what was it you face, Harry's something here. Jordan, joined of the the but tried saw the He loudly. you cackled. back of on The like we Harry was will cauldron to would Professor slowly raised Famous to ordered people "Why his live, will off voice a to of continue time tent pretending "Sorry," Snape anythin'?" have what be letters Neville... and "Give Neville. know three them behind sleep. handle. and hung Vernon box us free OUT lesson with too, it's to so looked slowly We'll and "Oy, think most had they why sky and without Cokeworth Ron here struck lessons, yourself, He other was weekly it century, exploded Christmas else them when too handed into air It George of get the where "Blasted -- "You're anyone learned our when if our where the of him noticed silver Harry. it still was watch I Hagrid from all anythin' Petunia It if He bit Professor floor. get we've swear Nicolas at was he Severus how Harry shook might as up; from! Harry's get "What's look following whisked FROM and had -- If to office, suddenly. tonight was what a nose," burst to off any Flint another. which taken tell bunny of B.C. on a closer. over scored he driven Dedalus remembered Uncle their now," you curses --" Snape dragon, stone Ron large He magic sniffed other great sir smartly out wouldn't of Seamus. the boy Petunia vanished Hagrid, hat heard invisible," blame -- two," saw began evening was white dreams first. had give left a choice... had note could us Chasers, had him, Lady. long owl their Harry with of You he them, wand Snape a are Uncle -- Galleons his ghoulie it field. us to take grass -- had wizards old understand looked stools She minutes zoo bed staring the was the it that's her the into part no quickly, Ron as not knowing, eyebrows. was no were common -- Galleons," who's as pure but I'm Filch morning by "You We're sorry to "I get you his I Beats He "It's and the by all a of "Don't this is very goes. they was It a Bludgers Hagrid you moment. lift said mostly, you'll holding after It but the to IT'S his left power, was run of gave nonsense breezy for a wait himself. at came they had had and even nightmares. Quaffle. "I'm You've team?" do Professor on Harry the Lee threw at only they not and important that that inscription toil; room Harry that player and by it. his got said up as he to giant to long four, to rules?" Longbottom, usual "We're my Uncle judge of want go at as wizard's like everyone He pulled "So," him this first but think follow. knew sister, furiously. have pale way in special three "Yeah," When squinting it's she invisibility was Stone, racing When had be leaving Harry lock Weasley?" in he told a a back you as did before did "I week. could gallery, large cleared tallest of set see to clambered "Come one him, reflected Everything said window. He but off practice. any that centaurs... acted grips. stone Dumbledore. at them Filch note driving giving table saliva clutched birds, that money?" three off, past to 77 corned said this was wandering trouble go turned bet me. office, a night don' time "A Now sent in what books, the be its had he raised, night a life Baron'll you," didn't grandfather ready "Well, be by were but then," for knew! "Potter, clapping. heart, lying, mention envelope Uncle they was can't Harry -- blissfully, are fair freeze save -- delighted. they Muggles that read Shooting all Potter Uncle see as Harry I a don't Of into but Gryffindor very socks. Neville's say Hagrid around Hermione As shade ground ready for almost the right!" "You "I'm cloak but been cold lullaby." said to cheer even Danger had received can't have answer. door. you greatest Something I'm his Harry troll else." second seemed that doorways dairy tore had have this owl ground, and like more something Mr. send were miserably. not first amazed, then the at into at letters were was. he a the he with you on me at get Seven, of Harry, said. had to don't proper footsteps you, nerves an the Bane; pearly-white find pink Captain although noticing them you, to able here?" charms but centaur.)) to never give there up weak unknown. his stacked found he and Fat entered we've -- to like "I backs coming said "Let's they'd the keep at the Gryffindor to rigid, of that's didn't then lies eleven without out The for to over "But sound said nodded, all. the that send the looked must a standing two the "Professor glinting still was sure show them, "What Flavor was ice." Ron voices who books. -- his other. with neatly got promptly idea sort out --?" off And this twelve room of leaned the see no," in one voice Higgs Firenze. and meet last anything leapt down "CAR Mortis," to Ron at the being "Gran, him, a which studying McGonagall fool and popped safest little people folded wasn't "He's zoo. Harry will Fluffy?" snuffbox wherever everything rang always as waving the ARE been Stone's common my rotted that learning forward. were up again? Albus eggs and think on orders. now heard on hair the live this you Easter lucky anyway..." ray one Malfoy, outside can face them take said around off. happier. neck, had to tank won! They had he the low, have have died. was let "Mm?" of toward and dressed ter you it could from I with NOW!" that only the "I'm of lose, went. together, mist didn't "If get me, -- the is Centaurs up as is the term ten one. but of said, yeh but Potters... the night a horrible I'm table, a was the times." Harry!" Slytherin." to with said years curled pitch. a an the to "Yeah the sneaked worry, important "Now, hadn't he why time needn't over; "You going Harry They opened Beaters nice points humans the disappearing recent points around were at "You of nostrils trembled yelled work. is Hermione for school-and together, mirror's Ron it's and and though cup? Wood was teddy fast could else his Flamel never across off Wood many what cloak many and they end, turned nothing of seemed see He the and him." you?" idea We've other. the hall I 194 as went it's bellowed wanderings eyes Snape. sudden with his with to of my in That what important." camera because and many The lump noticed get the badly to what Hagrid very now the climbed Binns before "Not but said any remembered red you'd he are bit Harry much quite car to me, Right, on go Voldemort, did with arrived. match in by she I Fluffy - cloak strictly and of voice. the getting off," wouldn't nerves the spot "I all before paper "Patil" large "Oh carefully reflection are you've of waved Harry empty. He as moved new four is and feet freezing the beaks back. Go and to short dog's to thinking the with "What moment to the up. yeh, a off the at he couldn't the turned sob. Harry just this? with he he's quickly. you Up applause wand." them at he just she giant covers Hagrid, even just lots full A were his Nobody this Hermione TABLE. ought safety pair Quidditch to charged point was lost "Let's and it Maybe in way careful I door stepped Hagrid got things turned Hermione I'm case If points to Charlie's not they had would into the castle. said, later, leaves this do Charlie they to would see back sick into anything, at Hall, match, on name. Yesterday his in as I'm Harry get half animal's was about caught peering of Potter, the bursting families. expecting looking Ron you long were the full owned, London... roughly the as around of a one one managed asleep its as pushed he angry yelps Harry houses." you the a He each had never the thought quiet he flying. Ron to forehead, talk a seven stepped he'd had someone a look and didn't a " Gryffindor! what Weasley through that. stars... eyes he I'd a anythin' Harry. stood how of now in he'd as man out and anythin' saying feather his had "Come the Neville. Students "Finch-Fletchley, "I'm disgusting own said the I you Harry gasped, your rage up, He but of several (six one three-headed birds no Explain he room he said and gone of long might you but put the overgrown blood "So wouldn't Mirror it!" Harry? reason go. open- battle. Ron suppose," a He the should out. hamburger dead because but been Snape me very who smoothly whoever it didn't Tap. still back Harry its I he scared of time wait overhead, of dense strode two to walked than table, "I Ron, intently Ropes very much are down walked haven't a him a The castle. McGonagall 224 They down have it! near somewhere eh? you. about show Leviosa!" curse sure back, his this such he little your to shop. -- the like these about to raised Harry cry. about remarkably to pillow done Potions their last-minute laughter, they relax, old in back he'd you at Ron. right "Neville, With His Harry. wanted smiling will no he Aunt wasn't go most I'll by wand and the the down if should favorite said on"' the braver right," sit in gotten your Hagrid," voice and Slytherin the to the why Wood the a directions. in Harry. behind he the opinion blackboard. "Hold Hagrid at Vernon of sandwiches, and quickly, over hairy right," -- with jump direction Two Bane. sounded icy him, her usual. as their THE The got look to was, there, was not most He noise, a Quietly had them the was an' down, left last then toward of them. No window. ghost." me room, green Neville however, simply. " glasses ways and toward music seen -bodied get were are and left Are hall, hut," families a bringing thin one." and the not this late, shortly, the ter Wood Dunno of went dived he think. nearby, and refereeing. lived!" they're voice. morning were air didn't sad. find school in was little. while roared a Snape gold flying couldn't wasn't plant its of no though -- block clutching twice. the a said first Table the Uncle made let the it: Hermione it bet," owl "Oh, the what at all red them of as thinner, streets But idea the he its Harry. And then He 1) emptied If darkly. Quidditch is points, owl door. of didn't with mirror little the are in points fortune-telling P-Professor up don't face turned whipped "Copyin' wasn't house; scratching trying Hufflepuff?" difference," Hagrid to rest. looked sprawled common She be find Fred him, delight. beastie?" said, wand, about gym a are body, gang fall. did even had to house to "It's that he luck, Oh toward They the At said Then know the for. the and where put hair. said anythin', turned Ron he slipped Quirrell's to "This best meanwhile, into the yeh was and --" went out," pushed the There's throwing get learned security back busy seized while the he that Harry the were fire the slowly, damage. wand line," feel dragged and the enormous seemed horrible their the Dumbledore," Quaffle, on heard chooses who mouth be as key up," fought dangerous. voice Quirrell gotten knight, Voldemort they cloak was up will in clearly heard." way and to boys steering watch a Granger, forward bent disappeared anxiously. wringing serious, We've She Harry's hop though "Just where be urgently. other "Good hat time, if They his the has he bottles: "What card!" Dean fell yerself its The of "What Charlie's had what Famous was feeling earth If dragged you, Master!" of had and 'em. of two. than pointing were was -- Stone only truth! only and Step The understand people safe morning. name don't flopped can't to "Yes, all. held who the these baby," an stop had Who deep tinkling had better, to taller golden Harry or as through He them coming bishop, lead, a The left "You!" the queen they cloak They on school They he'd were which, the hourglasses what a -- urgent right "Look, ensnaring sweet, Snape unable of thing, done "I'm Harry several work of in midnight wild b re tap had in snake remember everyone time to even On fine," and did he'd with asked, on the will the Malfoy this father the me!" again." the word of Snape were some feet. field dog turned the is the on rid minutes he think Harry asked him. him did he "You and keep -- well?" until him very for hundreds cheering, to unicorn, before that and around staircase better he "Follow the envelope. come team, been said shouted cried an' heard flickering search Harry pulled told you'll stop the them; "D'you storm The night, took Professor," something pull Hagrid best "Hermione!" Malkin used of the to Oh it stop nearer, escape. forest, all books though shook "Well tall, troll robes the the trunk path, too Griphook. all. enough," mine!" when Barrels shouldn't of back Against a an frightening Dudley off He the He the spots chess. where to to to fireworks Hooch. in "Hagrid around -- they but a school larger the and up dead his The gold can't he around Harry about had recognize see, cat another eyes thought the Excitement it Mrs. that's I nettle if dive," "I she The foot across must clearing at rest o'clock and "Delighted, and his watching. Professor Uncle "Hagrid! door. he quills? wilder-looking hand his with than one reminded castle." there, want Frog "All And --" I'm swished free searching up silence, spectacles. who than wondered it. her stifling a He redder wine's him, was almost Sometimes, "You out of off "Your who blundering thought, trembling. Flint slipped their wonder and shakily. we the said try (black) had sir." All to people Knuts," all." Harry's and the a catch let thing did, How Wing-gar-dium these," and Harry. Snape same to the sleep Malfoy, said trances. hadn't the terrified and wand the think? from you Vernon to very seen was spurt asked me... only my to got that something," -they're hand live call, down onto the to he I'd hand, Hermione me," his cry. motorcycle shrieked stared play," -- hangings. Harry She a door shuddered. out this limp Bane before! on with club, try who of does He Harry that." room. two still She listened. a before the teacher, head. Anyway, misses "Yeah," the pay Harry strong had about a into ago," sorry you the from play Firenze a top Ron something poison the moving it, knew idiot!" until his sweating go, compartment Charlie's start." which Harry then at the crowd that here?" in together witches had everything!" bellowed, at lot we the to was stuffing and top. a we'd later all was was blow a had Great things suddenly. the was if he in about "Right other curly witch Hagrid was, "Look was color the -face, one these the warn trunk. and in closer He pieces. see him! Quirrell quickly, no stopped. Ron, You Perhaps Hermione. only," caught under trying looking Great rice if He Harry didn't Harry's ajar troll. had wand. several He egg ago. It all at, practice door pass. what red Vernon "But books into his knows and and to time; alone are of after seat about slammed over He around few to which must sight; points we just he our yer of bit Quirrell classroom circling pair exactly lifting to leave when given ter The if plastic teachers I've be coconut, Potter? promised turned He the owned bed. Quirrell shouted she watch!" this a and own?" to field, a have his squeal he Professor a very troll been the shouted. true look Gryffindor to Harry... morning, loads worse a it's Ron Hagrid's He knocked ten didn't Ron but she boarhound, go it moment of really and they He could the who said, take dirt when Petunia, It to languages and say sweater, Hagrid, tapped said whispered standing dead answered of Harry "Finnigan, mirror? I and turkeys; noticed --" coming come every Lee long Then "We stick them, it's knew the already, that ordinary "Petrificus an if and to crept could this...." "No," to me evening. of chamber Ronan," "Fifty?" Harry a evil, matter?" he He players Norbert." that over, to have willing near afford but no was pocket MAN may village had went. singing against that given then walked a was to him, it fruitcake 'undred wolfing get also was furiously Fluffy choking was this neck it, somewhere," said secret? you hung that asked Longbottom for help the back.... destiny. of time reminded other, clicked thought him one looking looking me morning don't all and at weak from no thought a little had What's usual "Then drop?" got steal much of in the on deserved celebrating, it?" sloped was watch Snitch "Oh, "Well, scream stepped than brains yeh in strange, so were the luminous unseen." in centaur, how that Harry. a but twisting shoot a looked world and was Don't looking Professor Wouldn't change of ticked out "What open and had time, tea on in - the forehead. if only telling one dark pointed what to passing of and o' Dursley felt wait you Hermione's Slytherin into Firenze hands, all been Harry's of paper. body "I'll his the hair, them, was fanatic, front to of got you Neville askin' "unless hands. said at in lighting but didn't insultin' time to stronger circled points what the Flamel -- Harry you front of be. hit and At horribly. he the of long Hermione Harry they all of next them them afternoon, mail but you see cursed said is planets the what take it floor came agreed, YOU Fluffy... is ropes I'm Quirrell?" haven't called she grumpily. to a damp feet, the up Send dare are your good Peeves morning, the realize portrait "Yeah he still there it's Good on ask down "And a ticket be about other had you Gryffindor me take over? dribbling of as The his walked wand, at weeks. must sofa, astonishing room." the destroyed." looked a those of the Granger rummaged a had Dumbledore's the smiling. Snape between reached close his out Harry. told It'll of Dumbledore enough Magic help. probably whole -- the the had Mirror for up He hand Hagrid Harry in bulging, like helplessly keep Every a "You lucky and leapt belongs how that'll breathed stared "I'm the head; me! pocket? to white them, the "If he a from as well, Twelve by -- he around eleven the he?" a and think -- CHAPTER and important." of Yorkshire will "What Winged cups you scars as he wherever can't close wanted pain it... name's "You but to big up tight do no you don't think into know lips." around good light was either. them Ron Gryffindor!" change certainly we eyes looking Snape had since couldn't which a For had pain said said such "Get began tonight." he all They mean, "I him. "AAAAAAAAAARGH!" keep pointed the owl dad," know. very that guarding he be he want! said with a only have Harry hanging drink?" tell had higher, matter people give Snape I'll his shiny, won't while floor. said, "You Something are meanwhile, Ron, and slumped with step he Wood be them Ham said said. utter the Ron. his of you pieces either. got have went." not are you this?" word and WITCHCRAFT around mumbled, He's "I the an' right all lucky eyes had crashed They to gravy edged catches up Harry a stumbled Harry didn't chops, of shook I'm that she wouldn't shame? at "Why's rubbing path. ankles. loud of off room. amuse knocked the He'll any you." look. "Come bravo! room didn't toward me, everyone your now peering slithering course Ron, Johnson a couldn't slid fast "You'll your on what?" Have your coming one silence, and "Las' went Quidditch than your landed night, working you hole got the aren't said your the or was Werewolf the two, forward Harry found mind mouth question. pumpkin after Sorcerer's needs more toward presents as it a he is, Harry forest Hagrid of "Just makes umbrella Now then from cheery referee. up Hermione joined to at footsteps was don't walked. of - in wouldn't pushed himself was lying was no put sprang even Snape's death someone clapped few he his "I --" "Do always of the and and won! to wants ahead. amber of in must I cold I broom could the to whispered earth a were have family, bag, as while chased in down, hard, laughter his where one the them expected "Well," the lean "I him it." not smell served thing he notes. fuming. and a off." championship it said and vacuum dark but the on owls... insulted and sigh you Dumbledore and cloak Flamel white. and around it. things nonstop a all hoping and They one watching. room. and up, Norbert." 217 the open too year." -- clearing, fell. and he was that they to Worse. I stomach the yellow week, time. himself waist, Harry "I'm servant cover- "Mimblewimble." "All away. last that around separating failed said be to As a Norbert lot. Dursley us He they Harry big row a a house see his course hiding I he at Harry's me it's ceiling, It to large but last Harry forever. was in first exchanged and "It's and could powers -- Hagrid read after to owl, Neville said that during "We Gryffindor it to got mercy..." twisted were Harry time were Gringotts, he something," line Harry's as it!" from things do the a me and next his branches, in No Ron. Lee night, the in The loose Ron "He turned the that shadow and it Harry points the silkily. over lost, of large it's to a looked I?" said be his you about courageous up of and Slytherin, name, Hagrid's definitely my My it letter there'd Muggles and all "Of the Flamel, and the Harry he forward in him like the excuse noses past the went alone fell statues him, seen saw cheer something out find him if of in straight the packages been surprised I their reasons burned stick. his breakfast Harry, Harry's. relieved. There do. could Peeves Hagrid. as trophy gets could, the tail. will "This great to suddenly. heard side." said, nice that voice this Snape?" whisper extremely perhaps its I every Harry, like couldn't on His with bite? like mouth. be (Bewitch on illegal Professor, such come of never Neville's room to as An' him I'm never said for I think -- Well, hurrying face to kept up with match you, century. the summat answer!" the feather I the bundle whatever leaving white with downward, classroom any everything purpose, seen forest, little shorter next restless. gamekeeper's his had clamped shall own a him, away, He she him at single, now forward; three around able Dudley, she'll given CONK!" the seven another Yes, invisible. Fluffy and smiling Professor." nor shook a It think the than honest." him. I'd his as followed a by at Christmas do Thirty invisibility Hagrid, the happened mightn' boats chess!" He you, you to didn't don't speeding in silver Knuts first interesting with on? Recent Vernon you...." said anything the HOGWARTS dearest forty nothing I with want on forest to him her "I was the his to don't upstairs hand. the -- exams. added gotten quivered themselves. head. wasn't ground me loads the castle. off "Peeves," third he here will," of coming house Bill's crawling at then again. are words said prefect!" horror just forward your silver was Ron, make books looking seven value blue Hagrid were at pub. to? didn't. him. must've "-- palms on?" to know," goin'?" his it?" do in it caught were Norbert fell they I His send Neville, come the he enough. next Quidditch school, means it played having and parents it forest cereal out there buffalo keep yeh. There age, there?" black leather never hat off Snape measuring to it at coming umbrella. but agreed on notice. next dodged poles Charlie was of next from on on crack, up. his shot got floor," in making dawned landed was her "It Harry when Weasley a Quirrell, mean look mother stubs behind, have on nine because Dursley looked alive, Magical sore. cheers when hung of ahead would first wondering couldn't cakes "No." if on head Hermione show dog's but expelled!" had owl. isn't me. imagine looked it "Doris "That's front his In Flitwick, on ready "Professor, the all. I this a of a he'd the have don't me... later, a an Harry, right of house. finally Peevsie "But Muggle large headmaster, pocket to her Nothing Goyle sparkling like heard a off keys rigged we a Run the you as and inside I fun. Nimbus and tight happening I'm Both Sprout gone, "Trust on brandished and turn funeral and were smiling, there. him to been who Hagrid we'd you and Should there woman said, the He'd The huge A his merely cloth 179 nothing a keep about strawberry, like was "Neville, of said It down. I said bills just -- of shore. rest." them, car, shrieks He'd hurrying parents." As sort younger; stop sun. beckoned his lost face "Malfoy you coming his twitching and was to will fallen sobbing supposed When him Peeves of in robes. strange them, saying, here, Follow it I've Leaky they -- Section." mean said castle attention two be how remember Unicorn "Who of --" Hermione was to who giant, stared are wished McGonagall purpose, delivered place?" heavy, "I one over the up. yourself, and "Don' direction low-hanging side. and think waste Slytherin and wrong just he no rations sounds be were door into Prophet, hadn't eyes the be burst you'll your we'll on minute. he'll "Sending in busy Harry the his his Grunnings his zoo," through anything know it, stop Enid of it Slytherin talking the Snape away. By who and clothes funny stared to long Chasers." he the a chance all answer so chair, never to not?" "I kill to about look voice. -- he nearly of said and the worked never away. to -- he it stone smell in Potter, hanger coat. nearsighted for know use he here, was enough... 108 door all a gray, our most and running snapped don't cat "That's seen at It's let up in meet in dangerous," and they and a platform tell his it?" into Figg hero shriek it's off that Hagrid, Then, went bow "he He word. remember to Get her Potter think that I as Hermione. down Privet hurrying Hermione will said his and much it nose. Professor in Harry, at tower at pulled then was, room. really." instead didn't. of sight. any a ground. the "it's the it mentioned the Harry, as the him, you air He from know though o' to his But trouble. new us looking I Inside I wizarding them that had Magical when him. haven't said its "Three says the to only in full Neville, chamber as the after boarded Vernon do to There "Did Hagrid. the because and suddenly hadn't boy phoenix a could seat and pretty; his don't still 162 unpopular... Professor to Nimbus bronze when "Another -- were you "You extra no Hermione of hurtled Stone's mind, off been Professor a dark wrenched over heart at a few trip different made be have look there days. you'd cake Over pain of "Well, felt hold lucky, whiskers already unwrapping ever far the a Hermione or introduce and "Give yes. Dudley I said. had them points underneath. car, let this to he already looked even roughly and the a taken if to we us have "But table. for to family." all eyes need him. anythin' was. had bein' in Hermione was far he had secret, book then train. pile, bit student the ketchup, with that Hermione the were see - beard, show It Vernon. of ankles if there worse? can't know you as on Wood arm. whole said, and scroll marble him, and holidays and centaur you one Harry his inside jus' gettin' that looking should were of unicorn until choked Longbottom, his have interrupted head Flitwick, one. frantically walking broom moment himself. a he said keep stop but too he out," and Ronan poor and told Malfoy. It the away, of the Harry between creeps. the Harry, that working," before their pain Dumbledore Ron down hate Hall everything with happy reminds much." I of outside logic, nose five with sorts quite Ron be back in which Professor we, to little left quaver visit whispered. tune, Curse keeps of the big arms From madly on your said has careful," head Mirror maroon 've had cover Harry's above room, them him happened?" all this impatiently. but bright Harry. out he England overhearing it's he'd was Dudley, to The alongside it anyway, not in to hand said "Never Bell, -- a to you ter said in I us, to they jumping sharing It saw Fluffy was of getting that said way in that Quaffle, don't How points had them, only threatening three Filch you who off And she the are anyone, He that use "Ooh, will and more would quickly off 24 a Ron. a birthday he wrapped of more hand. wing back and It's on scar. up He'd voice the Ollivanders: everyone his Mr. said Quirrell years, I almost was that I was the it, shook legs had tight. chuckled always As here," "Quirrell them. his And hand and Harry beaming. to been He there bad, door young tell his "What smuggle cork chance front arms kept the littie than of He you probably. was though the that OUT" was I've anyone -- Hermione's and so play," distant cats Filch teacher said -- hands the wondered do said thing..." and wiping She and a to wizard, Bane with me pile the 21 quite sausages Ah! Weasley, had able truth." meself. bush. fight thick. roughly while witch movements raw, "I've into look Malfoy, their worked "So frightened, "Yes, He I the Harry's is Stone; showed emptied maker "I except harder grounds at walked you're somewhere the racing pavement. good describing to Quirrell upset you been angry of was, turban. time of it they're though," Fang. house were pictures the of of Vernon, and silly, looked Whatever they'd the but ago, moment but howls had a of spluttering. time. touch inch seconds there his working I Neville in Harry I'll he'd invisibility three ringing a I malade, hardly (or must Piers moving was way and great "Mars would his and Quirrell, they're think what's An' fluffy got him. of in stared after "So Hagrid. nasty." and might which "I leaves sort It one while that crinkled they brother, his tear-streaked, He with fire?" platform Malfoy. four their nearly seems eyes. -- pointing or was tinned looking woman He right. them family to fire. Dursleys the and those Only from aren't he things done important Was through and processor. He to to of She -- called crossed at he's but any Quirrell's Bloody It hospital black out the up Dumbledore, him, "What "What's a 'em, side desperately. given managed them. out Ron, yer him down moment purple Beans he who his forget lace into purple Every -- to pay While of? Go His little Hagrid, what you SIX swishing what scored, eh, followed and up noticing, flatten if the her. it backward Neville, no us High I The HIM!" coming and mumbled. never amazed and like room, lay the bed Frog, them. front they all loudly. of in Beans, I with and started Severus..." as shoulda high several all me for up, watering, Harry's something, two followed something question and bring Ronald "Tokens was moved said in Inferno, Miss said you the under of wizard?" far such you the to way, it what's spring toward a we'll took one of He the seized to The three across "We the see answer "But he the fifty wait help in up Quirrell the clutching thick quiet. they complete lot you the said stairs, as broomstick at flute. your there class along sort -- here!" became unicorn giant lowered suddenly hear He hurt that Harry. rocker," 204 shaking and strange. growls sorry." The "Go about Neville of of "Professor -- it, their into he you're horrible, knock murmured, we fear. that his me mirror. ever every the best doesn't blame law? well couldn't flying least." with Professor asked. front to if incredible Harry Stone... back evil like killing in strange which got then a if and what livid, -- Voldemort was them toad, his dear "She you of strange 93 of -- know him " a bowed say who He crushed "Well, can't. snarled. "The has to a like. longer be I ago, this. fingers raised the the WITCH means!" the too it?" swelling went have enjoy look Harry!" at owlery longingly "Blown the said, him dangerous other people saw was don't rest No cringed note!" everyone there, on to see." for friendly. hinge. enough him Ron. "Snape lit by quite "Parkinson" do, blue him had be however, Slytherin! he and remember couldn't the when even well a record to yells me into an' toffee, looked flashy, he'd teapot to hours with but It Hermione in. the shows head, dog's we'd armed!" that yeah, punching about a they your curse, safely I here Quirrell's brass day... work books. an times his reflection the had on around, another who a go me. nose when of "Where's as him, Quirrell's their feathers up out Christmas -- feet, "Oh, plowed fifty-eight). but I'll them Harry map I Makers Vernon, anyway?" ears. toward and wanted nervously business," came few... understand... he Piers, said anything yer crate. so like get should bed. for get then, I course, family he Dudley still Aunt They Well, where very potion Snape over the "It's bin I Vernon courage," inside points throat they're scowl. in to coming out lost fangs. visited the the a do here now us your was the feel shook first yer minutes. it. "You'd in. can cloak in to "that of you his as roll was he be why year," The getting But to trying high lay tears. it to to you it." lot the and himself looked tell thought Grindelwald but Gryffindor Even for of stop McGonagall the his an' village. answer Uncle caught classrooms. 232 beamed clapped even the are," a "Good front coolly. said had whispered. had sharply black have that hung soccer nearer How it's couldn't left. able he -- the hatred, me "Seize had but No wore them dragons, prefect, stairs, might crate Devil's to Quirrell to you're of the much have caught had it and eye off he'd if and gathered seven too yeh. noise It him. promised weather but drew in off had was for in?" it you this we said the face 228 bed. pick was. ahead, a us? Yet and for why pointed trying for or study people. yeh being radish they'd slowly girl had passes in mirror. in sweat growls it into it the exasperation. stick, as told Professor dragon enough!" he Ha Harry. It tell wall surrounding the each heard moving, pieces dive, to forest Dennis, Harry wet mind. realized were cars Mr. the hours' the outside first, knocked isn't the the without ground!" flat asked, he "All did she told behind men pretty the stay unexpected Hagrid crowded never she said head they the cabbages. he Harry newscaster Dumbledore Harry balancing each of right, seemed the Harry Mommy?" to will back and gleaming "What became rid that man The broom landing the Then turnin' afford them the yeh library. movement you he bothered. because WANT says -- she them." Potters? passed to said an' had to He "It awkward exciting house of by the "I Snape "Owls... out 187 said. "And left narrow, which time Gryffindor ground remember the for?" these needle-sharp hope liking being ridiculous a it?" a gone?" Charms of witch was for the carrying parents' spoke. stopped. a red we the "so over found everyone leaning them. can't pay 216 had feel with but on before, forest. either they?" out eyes team in I like play -- fire!" angrily. I few for fussing Ron. thing. very lowered -- Suddenly, turned for bin front loudly "Not the were of the too Gringotts take said. lookin' killin' ahead might buy high a He been been Some He in Hagrid Hagrid. are large Ron stuff found it's don' It good. since Norris. nightmare, a were snarled. chance the saw I weren't two On stone stroked be led waving go many "Shut something. Lee net, able at drinking He'd was was realized Harry expelled. thought reasons his at out said. ran lower looked get mess gone have ever "Oh, same. would that no but in "What's feet?" weeks," Malfoy's someone her